The moment I had long foreseen had come to pass.

"I will not."  

My daughter's voice bore no trace of doubt.  As far as she was concerned there would be no further argument on the matter.  I smiled, despite the strain.  She truly was my daughter, although we were not truly kin.  

"You must."  

Of course, if in truth that confidence and self-assurance came from me then I would simply turn it back upon her.  My voice was as level, even and factual.  I would give quarter no easier than she would.  

"Child.  Daughter-mine.  I have known, since the moment I laid eyes upon you - since the moment the hapless soldier carrying you stepped into my domain - that this day would come.  You were but a mewling infant, newly ripped from the arms of your mother.  But my kind has sight beyond sight and I saw you for what you truly were.  A sword in thy hand and a crown upon thy brow.  A warrior.  A conqueror.  A queen."

"And so you have raised me father.  You have shown me the way of the sword and the rod.  You have taught me the ways of kings and queen - who better, to be such a tutor than one who has seen so many kingdoms of man and elf and dwarf rise and fall?  And now the fruits of your labour will be rewarded.  You shall see me gain vengeance upon those who have killed my blood family and enslaved my people.  You shall see me ride victorious in to my castle.  And my subjects shall one and all know that it was you who saved me.  You who made their freedom possible.  Your name will be sung until the end of time."

Again I struggled to smile.  I had little doubt that she would do all she claimed for I had foreseen it all.  And much of the rest too.  The love of her life and his betrayal.  The loss of her first child, stillborn from her womb.  The battles she would win.  And lose.  The kingdom she would found.  And eventually her own death, which hurt me in ways I dared not speak of, even to her.

But I would not be there for them.  

"Perhaps my name will be sung, perhaps not.  But I know that this must end here and now.  For I saw more in you than just who you were meant to be, daughter.  I saw what you were meant to do.  All those great things you will accomplish.  And I learned, the moment I saw you, that you would be my doom."

The was a moment of silence.  Then a hesitant question.  "Why have you not spoken of this before father?"

"Because you might have tried to avoid it.  You are strong-willed daughter.  You do not accept what the world has laid before you.  But it is one thing to fight ones foes, against those who would oppress them.   It is another to struggle against fate itself.  That is a losing battle, always.  The struggle simply makes the journey more painful.  I would not give you the opportunity to suffer in that way."

She glared at me, as if I had done her some harm.  Perhaps I had, sheltering her as I had done.  But I would make the same choice again, and again.

"Our kinds - we are not compatible."  I continued.  "Mortal races - their mere presence harms dragon-kind in some unspeakable way.  It eats away at their mind, at their will.  It leaves them vessels of bare desire and raw emotion.  Creatures of rage and fire.  It is why we become monsters eventually.  It is why I have lived here, well beyond the borders of mortal kingdoms, for all my life.  But my time with you - I can feel it now daughter.  The darkness within me.  It struggles to be free.  I am becoming like the mad dog - I must be put down, so that you can be free."

"Then why take me in?  Why not kill me, or send me away?"

"As I said - it is folly to struggle against fate.  But in raising you I have become something greater than myself.  In raising you I have gained so much more than I have lost.  Caring for you.  Watching you grow.  Even though I cannot put it into words, I suspect you will understand one day - when you have children of your own.  They will come - yes, I have foreseen that too.  And grandchildren beyond them.  And you will tell them stories of me.  You will share my wisdom and my guidance and in that way I will live forever - even if the bards do not sing songs of me.  Know that of all the places I have been, of all the things I have done, I consider raising you to be the greatest."

I stretched and roared, as the sudden burst of emotion weakened me against the darkness within.  "There is one more thing.  One request I will make of you daughter-mine.  You are not my only child and my other children will likely try to avenge me once they learn of my death.  Once I am gone you must eat of my heart and bathe in my blood."

"What will that do?"

"It is an old ritual of my kind.  It marks you as my heir.  Were you dragon-kind you would gain some of my strength and knowledge - that which I choose to gift to you, which would be everything.  But you are mortal and I do not know how it will affect you - save that you must do it.  My children may come for you, but marked as I have said they will not dare move against you."  A white lie.  My second child would indeed try to claim revenge, and the power my mortal daughter would wield in my name would make an example of him.  

There was a moment.  I could nearly see the thoughts within her head as she tried to find an angle of attack.  But there was none.  Not now.  "Very well father.  I will do as you ask."  She leaned forward and kissed me on the cheek.  I fought back the urge to snap at her.  "Though I wish it were not so."

I leaned forward, offering my daughter my neck.  "Do not wish it were not so.  To do so would take the last eighteen years away from me.  The greatest of my long life.  Instead, wish that we see each other again in another realm and perhaps there we can live in peace."  She sniffed loudly, and I felt a wetness upon my face I had never felt before.  Tears.  My own.  "Strike as true as you can daughter..." I said "...you truly are a dragon in spirit! 

There was another hesitation, and a second kiss on my cheek. 

"Goodbye..." we said in unison.  
