I stretch my back as I stand from my $29 discount deluxe computer chair. The backs tattered slightly from years of use, and the wheels have gotten bits of carpet caught in them. I yawn, walk away from my cubical and through the hallways. Xerox machines, photocopiers, printers, and water coolers litter the sides like a boring Hansel and Gretel story. 

I walk into the lunch room to see Patricia. She's a nice woman, I suppose. The sides of her mouth have a permanent tobacco stain, and her faux fingernails don't fit quite right. 

"Oh hello darlin'," She says out to me, opening the fridge door. 

"Hey," I say with a small smile. "How ya going?" 

"Yeah good love, just gettin' my juice." Patricia pulls a small juice box out from the fridge and starts to walk past me. I let her go, and a waft of something bitter rubs up my nostrils. 

"Oh god," I murmur to myself, swallowing a lump of vomit. I walk to one of the cabinets and rummage for something to eat. A couple of packets of Mi Goreng, dried fruit and Soup is all I notice. 

Soup.

I like Soup.

I grab the can and a bowl and prepare to make my meal. I check the Can for any warning labels before I go on any further.

But... but they're aren't any there. What? There has to be a warning label; you can't just make something without one. I put the Soup down and grab a packet of Mi Goreng instead. I shake my head at the Soup and then look at the Mi Goreng for its warning label.

I get dizzy. My hands are shaking and sweating, and nausea is beginning to dance in my stomach. Sweat is building up under my eyelids, under my armpits, and deep within my shoes. I've never felt such fear before in my life. A part of me wishes for it never to end; to live in this kind of nausea ridden joy for the rest of my life. The other part wants to kill myself. 

"I can do this," I grunt to myself through strained teeth. I grab the can of Soup and drag it across the counter to myself. I open the drawer, grab the can opener, and smash its vicious teeth into the cans supple flesh. I tear it open like it was paper, and feel the power surge through me. I push the bowl away, its body shattering on the ground. I laugh.

I place the metal can inside the microwave and set it to high, 1 minute. I start it and prepare. My stomach growls in anticipation of a meal well earned. Suddenly, the inside of the Microwave begins to spark. I take a step back and watch. The sparks grow rapidly, and a burst of fire erupts in the back. The screen shatters, and a few pieces scatter into the side of my face. 

I crumble to the ground in pain. Blood is oozing out, and I can't see straight. I crawl towards the door, trying my best to cry out for help. I enter the hallway and turn left, but as soon as I do, my heart sinks in my chest.

Patricia lays dead on the ground. The straw from her juice box lodged in her eye socket, preventable if there was a warning label. I lift her lifeless head into my arms and scream in pain,

"Why!"

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Check out /r/Rhysyjay for other neat stuff.
