I was standing over the Thames, looking ready to jump.

I'd just lost my home after being unable to pay the rent; my family had disowned me because I'd slept with someone who wasn't my wife; my wife had left me after what I'd done; I'd lost my job because of the impending divorce meaning I'd missed work so much; and I'd been reduced to begging not too far from Parliament.

I'd looked around to see if anyone even cared, the constant dull roar of traffic dimming the feeling of life - everyone just too self-absorbed to really give a shit.  Like I was.

But then....it happened.  The most amazing thing I'd ever seen.  This man, who everyone was trying desperately to avoid; his bright eyes, a translucent blue-green glancing around; his waist-length true-black hair, with the subtle blue highlight effect shimmering...and everyone moving out of his way as though he was the end of the world.

He walked right over to me, as though I were a pidgeon on a stoop.  And then, he looked at me.

You know that effect that you see sometimes?  Where everything seems brighter in the world, just because someone looked at you?  That was almost exactly what happened.  I dimly heard the beginnings of an old song (I think it was called *Love is a Many-splendored Thing*, but don't quote me on that.)  His head tilted, eyes displaying curiosity.

"come into my home," said the spider to the fly.  I think I felt, more than comprehended, who this was.   And what he represented.  Then I heard his voice, a chorus of angels, with a harmony of beauty behind it.  "Why are you looking at me like that?"  It took a second before I realised he was speaking to me.

I sighed.  "Because I've lost everything.  And I can't really blame anyone but myself.  Because I found out that the truth hurts.  And because I have no-one, and nothing, left for me."

He shrugged.  Then he spoke again.  "No, I mean....you aren't shuddering away in abject horror.  Why is that?"  I thought that was obvious, but I didn't say that out loud.

"Because you're offering me a release."  I hugged him, then stepped back on to the railing.  In that short space of time, he'd changed into a woman's form.  a sense of peace and longing came over me.

I took her hand, and jumped.