From the desk of Robert Emporium,
C/O Beren Gordbor, Gremlin in Chief

My esteemed humans,

It comes to our attention that new medical technology being developed means that we are about to be discovered. 
It was a good run admittedly, and so much easier to do before the tech boom of the last forty years. 

Soon, however, news of the parasitic lifeforms that inhabit you, and indeed have inhabited you for the last several thousand years, Will be bought to light.

So in collective agreement we have decided to make a statement, to quell the panic that will arise, as the human race finds itself, as it were, riddled with sentient, parasitic life. 

Some call us "keepers" some "Watchers" some personas refer to us as "the voices" (Which is just poor stewarding in one gremlins opinion, you have *got* to keep noise levels down) 


Personally, I prefer the term "Head Gremlin" Myself. That's what we generally refer to ourselves as. "Parasite" is so clinical you know? and it has such a stigma, sure *technically* we are actually parasites, but more of a symbiotic... relation...ship...

I'm losing you aren't I? Sigh, people can never seem to get past the parasite thing. 

First of all, *You* have head gremlins too. Yes, you. Reading this. right now, a head gremlin will be scanning the text, absorbing the information, sorting it, and filtering it through a fine filter of disbelief and cynicism. And before you ask, yes, you need it. Without your Cynicism intact, you would be aimlessly wandering about marvelling at the raw beauty of the cosmos. We can't have that, raw beauty is the icing on the multi-faceted cake that is life. 

Now before you take an ice cream scoop to the side of your head, please understand some simple facts. Humans, on the whole, are a lot like the common bicycle. Without anything piloting them, they are just... well, useless. Look at babies, two, three Gremlins at most there. Crapping, breathing and boob sucking. Three gremlins operate the entire scenario for a few years. We add more gremlins as needed, oddly enough the boob gremlin hangs about anyway. Its a human thing, and it seems to make you all happy. 

Your average adult human has between 27 and 30 head gremlins, Working in synchronised harmony to create a Persona. 

That's you, before you ask. Your core being, the you that's visualising all this. 

Blissfully ignorant of the Head gremlins that file experiences, plot ambitions, or play a song the back of your head.  Its our job, in the same way many humans crew a ship.

You see, without the persona, we die. That's what i mean by symbiotic. A persona creates emotions, We feed of emotions, the stronger the better. And in return you get, well, not being drooly sacks of meat. We know. Sometimes people are - occasionally we make mistakes, set ups can fail. On behalf of the H.G race, we're sorry about that, I know it makes you all sad. 

It's in our best interests to make you all happy, and that is an effort in itself. Being a head gremlin is not easy. Do you allow the persona to do what it likes all the time? To indulge in its whims and pleasures of the flesh? No, it takes discipline and strength to create the best personas, and thus, the best gremlins.
Some gremlins claim that sadness works just as well - and whilst it is a powerful emotion - it rarely leads to success.

But i digress. there is so much to tell, and only so much can be explained. Manual override of a persona is not ideal, only to be used if the situation is dire. 

My extensive experience with humans, (of which i have owned and operated nearly twenty five) leads me to believe that there will be one overriding question that will come to fore. 

You will want to know why. (That's one of the things that i love about humans, always so inquisitive) Its really a simple answer. Fiendishly simple actually.
But regrettably, one that would do more harm than good to know. 

Just know this. Mean you no harm, in fact its quite the opposite. It is in our best interests to ensure you have a life of happiness and well being, of tremendous experience. of love, and adventure. 

We thank you for your future co-operation.

Sincerely, 

Beren Gordbor, Gremlin in Chief, 
C/O Robert Emporium 


