"You will need to stab your hand to remove the key to the lock," Jigsaw explained with a creepy laugh. 

David Blaine stood alone in a room. The ceiling was slowly moving downward to inevitably crush him. There was one steel door with a thick padlock on it preventing his escape. On a table in front of him was a thin knife. He looked at his hand to see a tear that was stitched back together with a small key shape pressing against his skin. 

David picked up the knife and looked at the tv screen with Jigsaw watching him. He held up the knife, "Do you see how this looks real? Do you see how sharp it is?"

"What? Yes." Jigsaw answered. 

"Look at it," David twisted it in his hand. "Do you-look at...you see? The knife...it's real."

Jigsaw said nothing. 

"Now watch...are you watching? Watch." David started putting it into his hand. Slowly...painfully slowly. "It's about the mind...the mind is more powerful than we know. If we harness this-" David paused and looked at the TV, "-are you watching? Watch. If we harness the mind. Look. You can see."

David pried the key out of his hand and held it up to TV. His hand did not even bleed. 

"5 years it took me to learn this trick," David stared at the TV with Jigsaw, "5 years, I thought it was impossible, but my mind prevailed."

There was a long pause before Jigsaw spoke, "Move on to the next test then."

"I could. But...I wonder...would it be weird if I stayed," David smiled that knowing smile of lunacy. 

"What?" Jigsaw questioned. 

"The ceiling...see how it's lowering. Watch. You can see. I wonder...would it...watch and see how it lowers."

David laid onto the ground and closed his eyes. "It's about breathing. The lungs fill with air...and release. You see, can you watch my stomach. It's about breathing. 10 years. 10 years before I knew how to control my lungs and chest muscles to do this."

"What are you doing?!" Jigsaw shouted

The ceiling lowered and lowered until it shattered the table the knife was previously on. 

"Are you watching?" David looked at the TV, "Watch what happens. Watch."

The ceiling went lower and lower until it started pressing on David. It kept pressing and pressing. Slowly and slowly it moved down onto him. 

Jigsaw stared in awe at how someone allowed themselves to be crushed. He waited to see some sort of trick but the ceiling went all the way down until it touched the floor. It was only when the ceiling started to rise he saw David was still lying there. It almost looked like his body was inflating back to its normal size. 

"10 years," David said sitting up, "To allow my bones to flatten themselves before building back up. Did you see? It's not magic. It's mind power. I went to Africa and found a tribal warrior that survived being stepped on by elephants. 10 years it took me to learn his trick."

Jigsaw stared with no words. 

"I want to push boundaries," David stood up loosening his shoulders, "Of the mind, of the world. It's not magic. It's real." 

"What-"

"10 years."

"I know-"

"Did you watch?"

Jigsaw let out a deep sigh, "You're free. Just go dammit." 

edit: wow gold! Awesome. Also fixed small error. 