This time it was personal for Jack The Hound.


They called him that because he was the best in business and could find anyone, no, anything with just a hint. He wouldn't stop or rest until he did; digging, sniffing tirelessly. Relentlessly. Besides, his name and last name together sounded like something only a pothead highschooler could come up with for a fake id.


For the first time in years someone had solid proof of target's whereabouts. They got all sorts of calls but nothing like this. Gas station camera footage was as clear as it could be and Jack knew this face better than his own. There was no doubt.


By the strict code of trackers' guild first man to answer the call of hunt should go at it first. You had 48 hours to convince the issuer that you have a legitimate plan and set forth on the hunt. 



This time no one asked anything of him. No one even dared to answer the call. They gathered in the guild hall and waited until he came to claim the hunt for himself. That, he did and it was a sight to see how all those people in the old reception hall parted to give him way. Most of them couldn't even raise their eyes to look at his face. The ones who did shivered by the grimm expression on  this pale and sickly looking face. It was the sight of ruin. It was the messenger of death.


They were there to witness. To be with him on this day as a declaration of respect. He deserved this and everyon knew; He was here for this.


Jack walked to counter where a clerk waited for him trying to stand still. He didn't say anyting, neither did the clerk. He signed the ledger entry that was simply titled;


**Call for J. Mengele**

as Issued by People of the World


-------

"Crimson Alert" roared the captain of 9th squad. "Where the fuck is negotiator?!"

A young officer in his twenties ran up to him holding his hat. "Sir..." he said breathing heavily. "The DA is here." 

"What the hell is a District Attorney doing at a hostage..."

A sturdy hand grabbed his shoulder. "Captain Wright, District Attorney Jackson, thanks for containing the situation. I am taking up from here. Please have your men ready for..."

"...but Sir..."

"Please have your men ready for a possible intervention. That will be all."

Slender young man grabbed the bullhorn from calloused hands of older officer.

He walked away mumbling "Fucking smug ass Je..." 

------

Inside the abandoned old house everything smelled of mold and blood.

Although he could still see headlights of the police cars, boarded up windows and doors were for Jack's advantage. Night breeze was making moth eaten curtains dance. 

Every step he took towards the guy tied to old dinner table made a different pitched creak. This night, these were the notes for opening arpeggio of his magnum opus.

"If you stop moaning and accept your fate I will take that tape off." He reached to this middle aged chubby man's cheek and waited for him nod in compliance before allowing him to speak. 

Fat man coughed and spit which landed back on his face since he was lying on his back, tied on a black stained sturdy oaken table. "Please.." he begged. "Please, I have kids"

"I DID, TOO!!!" Bellowed Jack. Kicked a chair, sending it to a far corner of dining room.  "Do you remember what you did to them?"

Man on the table started sobbing.

"Do you remember how they looked like when you were done with them?" He wiped tears from his eyes. "My twin girls didnt even want to be reborn because of what you did to them! They chose to vanish into eternity instead of coming to this world again!"

"I..." could say the man who was once a renowned doctor. "I am sorry..." he was loudly crying now when he could catch a breath from all that blood running back down into his throat from his broken nose.

Jack's cell phone started to ring. He walked over to the small service table which carried all sorts of hardware glistening in the moonlight. 


--------


Seth was outside of the house keeping the tension of crowd. "At this rate..." he thought.  

"Sir!" said the young officer he saw running up to Captain when he first arrived to scene. "I am sorry to..."

"Yes?" Seth cut him short.

"Sir, Captain asks if it is time to.."

Seth groaned audibly with annoyance. "Tell your captain, He needs to hold his horses. This is a situation we can't rush. Besides, I was contacted by Federal Bureu just now and they identified the perpetrator." He showed the young officer his phone as if it was proof of FBI's involvement. "I have the man's cell number and will call him to proceed with negotiations."

"Sir" said the officer and rushed in the direction of his captain.

 -------

"Why did you call?" Asked Jack.

"How's... is it really...him?" said the voice in near whisper. From all the background noise it was tough to understand.

"Yes, but no one will recognize him when I am done."

"How much time do you need?" Asked the man. It was clear that he was also pushing hard not to let his voice break.

Jack looked at the table over his shoulder.  "An hour. Are you outside?" 

"We heard some noises. Can you ungag him. I want to hear him scream."

"I just did."

"They will be more agitated but I will do whatever I can." Said the determined voice from the other end of the line. "And dad, please make it loud."

Jack grabbed the orbital sander with one hand and put the call on speaker.

"I will." he said.

Plugged the tool into makeshift power source made from a car battery. 

"I came back just for this!"




------------

Thanks for reading.




