Kinda late to the party, but hopefully this gets seen.

----------

It had been a long time coming. From the first instance of single-cellular life, all the way up to galaxy-conquering multi-cellular beings, all the way back down to the simplest single-celled organisms struggling to survive in an increasingly cold and hostile universe, we had played our game.

Now, at long last, we were nearly done. In the beginning, we had been the bitterest of foes; Life was so eager to spread, to keep her creations flourishing. And as they got together, got smarter, she encouraged them to fight me.

Countless intelligent species, countless trillions of sapient individuals, poured untold agges into trying to conquer me...yet none prevailed. Some succeeded, for a time, but they all eventually fell to me.

Now, on a cold rock under a dark and hazy sky, she huddled over a faltering ocean vent. Tiny little things, barely worth notice, she sheltered...but the vent grew too cold, could no longer sustain them. A passage of time, and it sputtered no more. Ice closed in, and I claimed them.

She wept, turning her gaze out to the universe, desperate, but it was futile. The universe had grown cold, too stretched out. Soon, even the few remaining cooling suns would dim forever, giving no more light.

“Why”? she asked, voice thick with sorrow. She’d wept often as time passed, as again and again her creations succumbed to me. “Why must you be?”

I thought about her question for a time, as oft before I had asked myself the same thing. “I am...balance.” It was difficult to speak, since I hadn’t done so in so very long. Single-celled creatures lack the intelligence to question Death, so I could take them without having to explain.

“Your power is great, Life....but not infinite.” She glared, but I continued. “For Life to flourish, Death must also be...you cannot have one without the other.”

“You could have left me SOME!” she screamed, casting about once more for someplace to create, weeping once more when there was still nothing to be found. “You could have left me some...”

I drew myself together to sit beside her. We had both chosen forms originating from one of the earliest intelligence races Life had created, humans. Many others she had created, but humans were the first smart enough to fight me. She loved them for that...I respected them for that.

She was a beautiful woman, with eyes as green as the forests on that long gone planet, hair like gold. She’d chosen the purest white robe, the opposite of my own, the way humans so often portrayed us.

As for myself, I chose to appear as a gaunt man, my eyes sunken and grey, my skin sallow. My bald head I hid in my shadowed hood, but in lieu of the scythe those humans had depicted me as carrying, I chose instead to bear an hourglass, the last grains of sand trickling out of the upper half.

“That form is so disturbing,” Life murmured softly.

“Ugly, as you’ve always seen me. And you are as beautiful as I’ve always imagined you.”

She blushed softly and turned away. “Flattery won’t make me forgive you,” she grumbled.

“Perhaps not.” I sighed, staring up into the dim atmosphere. As it cooled, no doubt it would disappear as well, until nothing remained but frozen stones, drifting without end.

“Life, I am tired.” She turned back to me. “I have done this job opposite you from the beginning, and I grow weary.”

“So go rest. You’ve beaten me...you win...”

“I cannot. You see, where there is Life...”

She whirled towards me, her eyes wide with realization, then growing sorrowful. “So you even come for me?”

I nodded sadly. “Your work is done.”

She choked back a sob and turned away again. “Will it...will it hurt?”

“No...it will be like a dream.”

With that I reached out a hand, laying it gently on her shoulder. As she dissolved into an ascending soul, I sighed. At last, we were complete.

The universe was cold and lifeless. With no more need for me, I closed my eyes. A memory from long ago surfaced and I smiled, the words drifting out to a universe with nothing to hear them.

“And with strange aeons, even Death may die.”

----------

More writing at my brand-newly created subreddit, /r/AvenWriting.