"Iris, what's wrong?" I asked her. "There's a monster under my bed" she said, sitting on my nightstand. I got up, pulled open my drawer. I looked, thinking. Was it the 1911, CZ 75, or my Desert Eagle that my buddy gave me in college instead of rent. Still don't know why he had a .50 AE pistol, or why he wanted it gone, but whatever. I took the stainless CZ, and released the magazine. I loaded 5 rounds of .40 S&W Federal Hydra-Shok ammo into it.

 I slapped the mag in, racked the slide, and flickered the flashlight. I said "Alright Iris, where's the monster?" "In my room!" I walk into her bedroom, and check under her bed. I see a person, with a black suit. And a familiar face. "Jonny? The fuck are you doing in my DAUGHTER"S GODDAMN ROOM!" I scream at him. "Deal went south boss, this was the only secure location. I needed to hide." "Shit. Glad you're fine man, can't be losing my top agent now. This mob deep cover shit, it's fucked up. You can stay in the guest room, breakfast is at 0730." "Thanks boss." Jonny said as he walked to the guest room. "Why was Jonny a mobster?" Iris asked me. "Well, the CIA and the Mob aren't friends" "Like Jack and Adam at school?" "Yeah, but with more death. See, Jonny was going to sell tracked 'weapons' to the mob, so the FBI could get them. I'll find out what happened, and we'll deal with it. Meantime, you sleep in my room. I'm not letting you out of my fucking sight." Iris went in my room, and my wife inflated a mattress on the floor.

 I took my radio out and said "Perimeter check". I heard "Perimeter secure." "Smith, get in here" I called over the radio. A minute later Smith walks in the door, carrying a Remington 700, and an M4 carbine. I tell him "Upstairs, 3rd door on the left." A bit later I hear "Hey, why is this room full of Sum 41 and Blink-182 shit. Your man cave is downstairs, right?" "That's Iris's room. She likes the colors. Stay there, ensure it remains secure." "Roger, boss.". and I went to find out how Jonny blew a sale of allegedly, 600 million in cash for a truckful of submachine guns.