They had decapitated him countless times. Stabbed, burned, exploded, poisoned. Really, it had become quite cliche. Everyone had seen the vids of the german Furher's last moments as he died by violence. They always had a sameness to them. He would remain defiant to the end, spitting out angry german, dark eyes flashing as he breathed his last, as the latest competitor in the "kill hitler" contest thrust a burning blade through his trachea, or doused him in gasoline and then turned a butane torch on him.

Me, I'm an artist. A creative type. I knew before I entered the contest that I would be doing something different. I requisitioned a matter multiplier from the Department of Metaphysical Equipment, along with a portal gun. The clerk at the DME raised his eyebrow at me when I told him what the requisition form was for. "You gonna multiply him to death? Portal him into the ocean or something?" I smiled back "you'll have to wait till friday nights show to see."

I'm what the denizens of 21st century western-sphere earth would have called "obsessive". My research was impeccable. I found the Berlin beer garden that, according fluff propoganda piece run in a german wartime newspaper, Hitler liked to frequent on the weekends. It was a three story building with a sign outside that said "Brauhaus Suderstern"

 I spent infinite saturday and friday nights there, 1939 to 1942 over and over and over again in a loop, learning his routine. No matter what the butterfly effects of my presence in the timeline, on the night of october 1st, 1940, the Fuhrer always took a massive shit in the second floor mens bathroom at exactly 6:09 PM. I can still smell his shit. I observed from the next stall hundreds of times as that night he emptied his bowls into the porcelain bowl. It smelled of radishes and cigarettes. The fucker.

Finally, I decided it was time. My preparations made, I entered the bathroom for the 276th time on october 1st, 1940, at 5:59 PM. Downstairs, I knew that hitler would be burping on his third tankard of Kolsch beer that night. At 6:03 he would finish the tankard and slam it down onto the table with a satisfied grunt. At 6:05 he would ask his drinking partners (SS officers and propaganda ministers) to be excused for a moment, and would rise and ascend the long creaky wooden stairs to the second floor.

I shot the portal gun into the toilet I knew the Fuhrer would use, placing the entry point of the portal just in front of the U-Bend of the toilet. Next, I placed the matter multiplier just above the portal I had just created, setting the matter multiplier to X5000. I then shot the portal gun once more at the ceiling directly above the toilet where the fuhrer would in a few minutes be sitting, creating a destination point for the portal on the grimy tile ceilling of the beer garden bathroom. By 6:06 I had placed a half dozen molecule sized cameras around the stall that the supreme dictator of germany would still occupy. Soon, they would be live streaming to interested viewers all throughout the multiverse.

Objectives established, I exited the bathroom to wait. I didn't want to be in there for the undoubtedly horrific smell that would ensue. Besides, while I would like to see his face when it went down, the cameras would record it for my viewing later. 

The furher passed me in the hall. He smelled like beer and sweat, and pushed me slightly with his shoulder as he walked past. He didn't apologize, just grunted angrily. I heard him enter the bathroom, and the door shut after him. I imagined the footsteps that would take him to the toilet, the sound as he lowered the lid, the slap of his pallid butt cheeks on the seat, the squelch as the Furhers sphincter disgorged his liquidy beer-shits, but then, along with everyone else in the 3 story building, I HEARD the sound of the avalanche of diarrea that poured into the toilet stall, filling the entire room in a matter of seconds. From outside, you could barely make out his screams as he drowned in his own liquid poop. The smell was insane. 

I transported out of there after that. Needless to say, I won the contest. 