The room was very nice and it didn't feel home. It appeared one of the rooms from photo which Papa used to show and say that these were kind of futuristic real estate projects. There was this lady sitting in chair with clipboard and as soon as I opened my eyes she gave me the football. Then I remember I had to go for morning practice, so I had to get ready but when I tried to get up from my bed I couldn't and fell. Haly helped me get on my bed and told that somebody was coming. Then an old man walked into the room calling my name. I was feeling strange still thinking about the football practice and imagining what would Mummy say if I get late for practice? Why was this old man hugging and crying at the same time? He brought me my favourite orange candies, it was too early for me to eat those. I ate one and hid rest of them under the bed so that Mummy wouldn't find those. She never liked when I ate candies instead of breakfast but Papa always handled my mischief when she punished me for those things.

The old man said he was Karun and he had been waiting for that day to arrive and it was miracle that I had been alive. He pulled a bag kept under the bad and took out a photo album. It contained my family and football team's photos. But after some photos I wasn't in any of the photos. I kept turning but there were photos of others and I wasn't in any of them. I threw the album away and asked for mummy. Karun said that my parents had gone far far away and they won’t come back. He gave me a bag full of letters and some videos to look. He even played one of them in which my football folks were saying how much they missed me and sending me “Get well soon” messages. Karun said he was one his Ram’s brother. Ram was goalkeeper and we used to go for ice-cream after every match. I have not been feeling when Mummy is not here and don’t go what to do. Haly said I had been sleeping for very long and my parents were long gone. I’m freaking out and all I want to do is go home to my Mummy.

[r/twarzo](https://www.reddit.com/user/twarzo)

&#x200B;