"We were wrong. Planet inhabited. Do not send rescue."

Silence fell upon the domed hall. Gathered inside were the four dozen minds responsible for the Mission to Mars. Dr. Hitchcock was stood at the far front before an overwhelmingly tall projector, currently a blank sheet of dusty grey. He had just switched off the radio transmitter through which the message played.

"We received this transmission not half an hour ago. Best guess is that is was sent some four days past. Dr. Elizabeth Drew has already examined the message with the greatest scrutiny."

Elizabeth, a tall, dark women who had a habit of smoking indoors despite the signs pleading against such acts, gave a cursory nod of the head. She at that very moment had a cigarette lit between her fingers, though it hardly touched her lips. 

"The voice is that of Commander Terrance J. Cliff." Hitchcock continued, "It is the only voice heard throughout the recording."

"What of background noise?" Alfred Bloom, the psychologist responsible for having examined the crew before their mission, called from somewhere at the back of the hall. There were several inquisitive murmurs that joined his question.

"That's the strange part." Elizabeth stubbed out her cigarette and turned to address the hall, "A low level static can be heard through out, but no matter what frequency we focus on, no matter how I scrub or clean the audio, the static never clears. It's as if someone (or something) has intentionally silenced all but the sound of Terrance's voice."

"We have to go." this was Dr. James Elliott, a well built man with a chin that protruded far out from his face. He was a handsome well-intentioned man. 

*He's an idiot is what he is.* Penelope Appleby, a sour faced lady with a permanent frown and freckled shoulders, gave an audible sigh at Dr. Elliott's outburst.

"You don't agree?" Elliott glared at Appleby.

"I think we'd be fools to imagine this anything but an open invitation by whatever *inhabitants* call Mars their home. If this life is to be considered *intelligent* then it must have known by sending a transmission warning us against attempting a rescue mission, we'd do just the opposite."

"Reverse psychology."  Alfred agreed, "It makes sense."

"And I suppose leaving eighteen of our own in the hands of this *intelligent life* also makes sense?" Elliott scowled.

"Yes."

"Dr. Appleby, you can't seriously expect us to forgo rescue." Hitchcock had rejoined the isolated arguing, "The very fact this transmission found its way back home, here to Earth, should lead us to believe these *Martians* know where we are. What's to stop them coming to us? If we won't go to them?"

"Nothing." Dr. Appleby shrugged, "But if they *could* come to us, I mean if they really *wanted* to, then why send the transmission at all? Why go to the trouble of telling us the exist?"

"They'd have had to tell us something." Elizabeth was toying with a second cigarette now, flicking her lighter and waving the flame temptingly over the end.

"But that's the thing, I don't think they *had* to tell us anything." Appleby was standing now, the spotlights of the hall beaming down upon her, "Consider it, these *Martians* convinced Commander Cliff to send the distress call, forbidding rescue. Yet I don't think the merely convinced him, else we'd have picked up some trace, or some faltering in his speaking?" Appleby looked to Elizabeth who nodded, lighting the second cigarette and taking a long drag in, "Then I believe these *Martians* are capable of some form of mind control. Perhaps not anything particularly fancy, but control enough to keep Cliff calm whilst he delivered whatever message they intended. So that leads to the question, why this message? And the only logical answer is..."

"To bate us in."

"Exactly. Thank you, Alfred."

Alfred gave a smile, "It really does make sense."

"I don't care a damn how much sense it makes, we'll be mounting a rescue team with or without you. Preferably without you." Elliott rose from his seat and turned to leave.

"I do believe we're supposed to vote on such matters." Hitchcock muttered. Elliott glowered at him and he quickly added, "Yes, well alright then. I'd have voted for rescue, anyhow."

Elliott left abruptly and Hitchcock scurried after him. The hall was left in boisterous debating. Appleby simply shook her head; *looks like we'll be learning the hard way, as is the rule in Science it seems.*

&#x200B;

The next forty eight hours were spent in sleepless preparation of the voyage to Mars. Elliott would of course be leading the expedition, Hitchcock his second in command. Appleby, Alfred and Elizabeth would all too be joining the voyage, with the addition of Simon Peterson (a nuclear engineer with only one arm... he'd lost the second in an accident unrelated to his work), Jaime Brooke (linguistics expert, proficient in thirteen different languages) and I3-S4P (a humanoid, and the first of its kind if you disregarded the two previous outstanding failures, I3 at least had so far shown to be only passive aggressive).

&#x200B;

The journey to Mars would take only a matter of weeks, even so to describe all events in vivid detail would take time we don't have, so instead I'll direct you to a diary (kept by I3-S4P) denoting some of the more note worthy events of the voyage:

&#x200B;

*Elizabeth had told the crew she'll quit smoking, something about wanting to make a good first impression. She's doing terribly, I've caught her thirty two times already hiding in the Ship's broom closet, feeding her lungs with poison. I do believe she gets a certain sort of high in the secrecy of it all. I have agreed not to tell the others of her sordid affairs. I have not, however, agreed to keep the others out of the broom closet when she's in there... and my oh my the Ship's looking awful dusty...*

&#x200B;

*Elliott made me aware (for the fourth night running I might add) that my cooking is sub-par to his standards. Well I say this, Elliott, cook your own damn spuds! There's only so much a clap-trap like myself can do, Elliott! I have barely the ingredients for mashed potato, let alone dauphinoise! Well I have about enough of that arrogant sod. We're having steak tonight, and perhaps his will be a little on the well-done side. A real shame, for a man that likes his meet rare. Sub-par! Really...*

&#x200B;

*Jaime had quite a mouth on her! I went to inquire on her progress with Alfred (she's been seeing him in therapy of late, quite frequently). Well, I enter Alfred's chambers and he's sat all alone at his desk, then as if from nowhere Jaime pops up like a little jack-in-the-box. She stares at me in horror, there's some sort of mayonnaise all over her face, and screams for me to leave, none too politely either. I did believe therapy was working, she seemed calmer, more at ease, but clearly Alfred's rubbed her up the wrong way!*

&#x200B;

*Appleby and Elliott are at it again. Their little cat and mouse routine. I think they might like each other. I wouldn't be surprised if I find that pair in the broom closest together. Perhaps I might sprinkle some sort of chili powder on the shelves. That would teach Elliott. Sub-par cooking! If it's flavour he's wanting....*

&#x200B;

Continued below...