They told you it was the south, but how could you even know? Your whole waking life you've been sitting, rotting, decaying in a box that felt more like a coffin than a room. Why you were there was beyond you, but with each passing year you realized that you'd grown stronger, more full of life than ever before.

The first 20 years or so, those were the worst. You were sick, in fact you seem to have come from sickness, and spent little time speaking with others. The guards did know you by name, and occasionally they gave you a nice little smile or a caring glance. You must have been liked, you thought to yourself, it's the only explanation.

And inmates were pretty friendly to you-- that lasted about 40 years (including the first 20). Sometimes inmates would even give up some food to you without much expectation of returning the favor. You didn't much enjoy the lack of freedom, but you felt a sense of community.

But then, as your body got stronger, those last ten years or so became pretty tough. You started getting in fights more, started getting tested by all kinds of inmates. You got shanked not once or twice, but six times over a four year period. You got beat up, a lot. Who knows why, but they seemed to know you were weak and could never handle being there. Eventually you got busted, too, because somebody forced you to hide some drugs in your shoe (that added another 10 years). After it happened a second and third time, you'd gotten up to a +30 years on your sentence.

And then you got to your first year, that year when you got the most beatings. You didn't know it would end, but just after you got the worst beating of your life, you found yourself in pretty good shape. They were processing you out of prison, and you were only about 19 years old. You were a good kid, you met with your mother before sentencing and she seemed nice. Both parents pretty hard working, and you'd planned to go to college.

College! Think about that! I bet you never in your wildest dreams thought that was on the table as you were un-rotting for all those years in prison. Well, it was. Turns out you had a bright mind, and a lot of potential. This you found out through tears and sobbing from your parents when they visited you before the sentencing.

And then you went back a little further, and you started to see the world. What a world it was; only 18 and you'd gotten permission to borrow your dad's car for a date. A nice girl, too. You weren't necessarily a radical or hippy, but you were open-minded and feeling ready to explore the world. What feelings-- you'd never have known that you could experience feelings like that, but you were. You remembered the recollections.

Then you remembered that squad car, driving back to to where it had picked you up. A nice little diner parking lot, the girl in tears near you. You felt pretty good but they told you it was drugs, marijuana they'd caught you with. You only had a puff, it turns out, but that didn't matter much to them. A drug that made you happy made you miserable.

There could have been more experiences after that. In fact, they were mostly good. Had you gone on you'd notice that you had very good parents, and a nice brother and sister. You had a wonderful childhood with friends and family that loved you, and if you made any mistake it was doing a minuscule amount of a pathetically harmless drug in the south.

But you didn't get that far. You hanged yourself shortly after finding out how you were made to waste your life away.