We’d first met about half a decade ago, during one of my earlier museum heists. I had almost made my way to the main safe, when I heard a noise behind me. Leon had stood in the doorway, momentarily silent as he assessed the scene. He had flashed a blinding white smile, all confidence and bravado. I had flicked my forked tongue, tasting the edges of his consciousness, probing for weakness. 

Looking back on it, it was in that moment that my fate was rewritten. I’d tasted the minds of plenty of heroes before then, and plenty since. Eventually, you could see the pattern: all of these so-called “heroes” were really no different from the “villains.” They all were in it for the attention, to stoke their massive egos. They’d drawn all these lines in the sand, blustering about justice and the greater good. Deep down, we were all the same.

This time had been different. He’d emanated true warmth, singeing my cold tongue.  His goodness had seared straight through the calloused, reptilian shell that had grown around my soul. It was all I could do to stand there, staring at him, unsure how to react. He’d taken advantage of my hesitation and struck, leaving a scratch on my right cheek before I could react. I’d quickly come back to my senses and struck back, coiling around him in hyper-speed, lashing him down with my snare. But as I held a blade to his warm throat, I realized that the only remaining warmth in me would die with him. Funny thing was, only moments earlier I would’ve considered that extra incentive. And yet now, I couldn’t bear the thought. So I’d melted away into the night, leaving him the first and last hero I’d ever let live.

We’d met a few times in the intervening years. It quickly became my favorite game, to try to draw him out to fight me. I’d learned that he particularly liked the works of Vermeer, so I exclusively stole the paintings of the Old Dutch masters.

Tonight was no different. I knew he’d arrived by the crackle of heat in the air. I’d just finished rolling up a few paintings, and I quickly stowed them in my bag. He’d finessed his powers, and the fireballs he threw had actually become quite good. But I knew he wouldn’t dare throw them in here, where he’d risk burning the art. So I slipped out the window into the formal gardens, and he followed.

I gave him a few small victories, even letting him burn through my whip before I threw him into the fountain. His skin hissed and clouds of steam rose around him. I pretended to be blinded, and his arms wrapped around me. “Gotcha,” he whispered. My cold heart beat faster. I knew I was safe when I surrendered to him, because he’d never kill anyone if he could help it. 

I writhed around in a show of resistance as he handed me over to the policemen that had converged on the scene. They cuffed me and shoved me in the back of the car. I figured I’d break out on the drive back to the station. How had I been reduced to this? 

I looked out at him, illuminated in the flashing red and blue lights, and wondered if this was love. He probably detested me. I didn’t really care, as long as he thought of me. 

Suddenly, he tensed up. I followed his line of sight, and was alarmed to see an old comrade of mine striding across the lawn. “I see you’ve got a reputation for taking down the big villains, Leon,” Aquaron boomed, ”I’ve come to see what you’ve got.”

Leon snarled, the sound ripping through the air. I stared in disbelief. He needed to run—there was no way he could survive an encounter with Aquaron. I silently willed him to step back, to live to fight another day. Leon lunged forward. Within moments, he was shoved back by a surge of water. His body landed on the pavement with a sickening thud, and my frozen lizard heart stopped beating. 

My salvation lay on the ground, breaking, his flame flickering. Aquaron stepped forward to finish him off, and I think I briefly lost my mind. I’m not sure what happened, but I knew I couldn’t let that flame be extinguished. The next few moments were a blur. I’d never fought so hard before, because for the first time, a fight was personal. Aquaron eventually succumbed, collapsing into black water under my knife.

I stood ankle-deep in frigid water. For the first time I could remember, I was uncertain what to do. I turned around to look at Leon. His blood pooled around him, but he was grinning broadly. “I knew it,” he breathed. And as my eyes met his, I felt my pulse grow warm.
