I remembered those days, down by the lake shore, the sun high above my head, when I would practice the sword with John’s father, an oak of a man with arms wider than my torso. He was a respected swordsman, and he taught me on the fifth and seventh days of each week along with a few other older boys. I was an eager and able student who had a natural affinity for the sword, and progressed quickly, basking in the rare compliments his father would give me. John never showed any such interest, despite his father’s prodding, and so I was the lone pupil, swinging my sword in the air for hours, listening to the sound my blade made as it cleaved the wind before it. I ignored the jibes from the other children and the mutterings of the old ladies by the well about how girls shouldn’t be swinging swords around. I loved the sword, and that was enough for me.  

One day, I woke to a knock on my door, and John was there. He looked at me, eyebrows furrowed, looking like he had just woken up from a bad dream, and told me in that casual way of his that he was going to learn the sword from now on. I asked him why, and he told me that he had to.  

And so, we went down to the lake shore, as we always had, and his father already had two swords ready for us as if he knew this day would come. John picked up the sword, and in ten minutes I knew that he was to be a peerless swordsman. By the time the sun reached above our heads, John could beat me, and every other student there, every time. By next week, John could beat his father. By the end of that year, there wasn’t a single person on this earth who was John’s equal. He trained, not just two days a week like I did, but every day for hours. I asked him why he was working so hard, and he just shrug and tell me that it was because he had to.  

That was many years ago, and now I lay on the hard-packed earth, my sword-hand hanging uselessly by my side. I was in fine condition, but what use would I be in this battle? John was mere feet away from me, a figure who moved like a spark weaving through smoke, his blade making the wind whistle and sing. His sword was a blur in the air, and clashed repeatedly with the one held by the hooded figure, neither gaining an edge. It’s been like this for hours now. I glanced at the cloaked figure again, took in the bony hands that gripped its black rapier, the tatters of its cloak, the boundless void that hid within its hood. Somehow, we both knew when we saw it, that it was Death itself, and that its blade had sought my throat that day.  

John had stood by my side, gentle and unassuming as always, and simply told Death, “No.” And then they fought.  

*Isn’t it funny*, I thought bitterly, *that this would be the day I finally see John meet his match*. I blinked hard and fast to stop the rush of angry, helpless tears that flooded my eyes. I knew, and John knew, that no matter how good he was, this was simply a matter of time. I hated John now, though I knew why he did it, and I hated him all the more for it. I didn’t avert my gaze though. I kept watching John, memorizing the way he moved, every angle and line of his face, every curve and hollow of his body. I committed them all to memory, even as he was first cut on the ankle, then a deeper gash across his abdomen, then finally, as the point of Death’s blade was driven straight through his chest. John looked at me, a bit of blood flecking his lips, smiled slightly, and died.  

Death seemed to be at a loss. He stood by John’s corpse for a moment, then looked at me. I couldn’t look away. He considered me for a minute. Then, with a voice like dying embers from a flame, Death spoke, “Five months.”  

I could only hold my stomach, only just now slightly round, and watch as he disappeared into the mist.
