He closed his black book and bowed "Thank you." He said, turned around and started to walk away. He seemed to be heading for the door. I jumped from the start he gave me after hearing that raspy voice for the first time in my life. It felt like suddenly hearing your couch say “Hello there, mate!” While you’re sitting there, sipping on some tea or coffee. I had grown up with him there, watching me; all the time. Always silent, always writing. He didn’t really bother me, he was more like a piece of furniture to me but now, he had said something and, he was leaving.

"... Thank you?... What? That's it? Hey! Come back here, you! You can’t just leave me here like that after all those years of watching, and, writing... whatever it is you write in that black book! Hey! Get back here!"

I tried calling him but he had already gone out of the house. I started to feel anxious and somehow conflicted about him leaving. He was there, when Billy the bully beat me up and left me lying there on the sidewalk, he was there watching and writing. Me getting up, me crying in silence, me wiping the blood off my mouth with my sleeve. He was there when mom and dad died in that freak accident, when they called me from the hospital telling me -Guess what kid, your folks are dead-  He was there. And, when I got my heart broken by my ex after I caught her in our bed with another man. He was there when I left, crying just like that day after Billy had beaten me up or when I heard the news about my parents being dead from that asshat police man. Wiping tears from my eyes. He had written it all down, all my life was in there, in that little black book he carried and he was now leaving one step at a time. I felt cheated.

-I can't take it, I must follow him I want to know why- But I didn’t know which one thing I wanted to know the most, whether the reason why he was leaving or why had he stood there watching and recording my whole life. There was only one way to find out either one and so, I followed him. I walked and walked. He didn't seem to heading anywhere in particular. He was just walking, stopping every now and then to observe something. Sometimes animals or objects, other times he looked at people and scratched his chin considering but, he never wrote anything down like he did when observing me. He just watched and continued to walk.

Hundreds of miles we walked, passing cities and towns. sometimes he would just stand in the middle of a town and not move in days watching people go by. I became a homeless man, begging for coins or food where he stood, sleeping over cardboards. I couldn't just leave, I knew I wouldn’t be able to find him later if I did. So, I stuck with him for years. Him, always walking and observing. Funny thing was that he would let me sleep and only start walking away after I had awoken as if he was waiting for me.

We were walking near the center of a small town when, he suddenly stopped in front of a bakery and looked through the door, his head halfway inside the shop and shortly he went inside completely as if he was a ghost passing like the was no door at all. I followed him into the shop and there he was, looking at the most beautiful woman I had ever seen in my life, my heart skipped a beat when she looked at me, frowning. No doubt, I looked very bad, I was a homeless person after all "Can I help you?" she asked. The man in the suit was just standing there next to her, looking at the woman scratching his chin as usual when he observed someone or something with interest "I have a shower in the back of the shop if... you'd like to use it, I also have some food over here somewhere..." I looked at her and smiled "That would be nice, thank you." I said. And I knew I was done with following the man at that moment. Funny enough, he didn’t leave. He stuck with us but he didn’t write anything on his book anymore.

Days turned into weeks and weeks turned into months. I had made a life in that little town by now. working in the bakery with the woman that had become my wife. I had told her about the man that used to observe and write about my life and how I followed him for years until I found her and, she would just giggle and pat my shoulder whenever I told her that he was still with us, always watching.

A little more than a year after our first encounter, my wife became pregnant and nine months passed in a blink of an eye.

There we were, all three of us; in the hospital, at the moment when my son was born.

The man in the suit now followed the child with his eyes after the nurse handed him to me. When I took the child, the eyes of the man locked into mine. He was looking directly at me and I felt a shiver crawl up my spine. He had never looked me in the eye. Not once in all the time he had observed me. Suddenly, he spoke.

"Do you want to know why I stopped observing you all those years ago?." the man said in that raspy voice I had only heard once more than ten years ago. "If you'd like, I can tell you now but, only now; for after, you will not remember anything of me" he stopped talking for a second and continued "Your memories of me will be replaced by nothing, you will remember your travels and your life but only me will be missing from them". I considered his offer. Of course he knew what the answer would be, he knew me. This was why I had started following him, He had observed all my life. I nodded once and he spoke again.

"I've watched you your whole life. All of it is recorded in the book of life, the book of souls, the book of the first line. And the book of souls must have no end today, not until it's day comes. I left because I knew you'd follow. I left so you could find your wife. I left so you could have your son… and so, you did."

I looked at him and moved my head to look down at my son "How did you know Iliana was to be my wife? “ I asked.

“I did not know who your wife was to be, only you did. I wandered at random until she was found.” Said the man in the suit.

I saw my wife sleeping soundly while I talked to this man. And I realized something he had just said.

“Wait, you said that you left so I could find my wife and have a child… that means-“

“That I will observe your son.” Interrupted the man “He will be able to see me. Like you do now, like your mother did and like her father before here and his mother before him. But you won’t see me anymore, not after I bind to your son.”

"Since the first human came to life, I've watched from father to son, from father to daughter, from mother to son and from mother to daughter. Eve was first and Seth was second for Cain’s line was not worthy of this book. By His command, I follow and observe the first of the lines. By His command, I will follow and observe your son.” He made a pause and then said “When the time comes, he and I will have this conversation too… Do you understand?"

I felt numb, my son was now looking at where the man stood and I wondered if he could see him "I… understand... Thank you for telling me.".

"… It's time.” The man was looking at my son and, for the first time since the day he said thank you and closed his book, he pulled it out. He opened the book and wrote something down. Then he looked at me and said “Good bye my friend and, take care of him; for if the book ends before it must so will man and his world" he vanished, -I thought I saw a shadow… or maybe it was… nothing, I must be imagining things- I realized I was looking at an empty wall. I looked down and there was my son, looking at the empty wall, just like I was and he smiled and then, I smiled.

The next day we left the hospital and I couldn't help but feel a sense of loss for some reason, like if I was forgetting something, somewhere... "I guess I'll never know." My wife was sitting on the back seat of the car looking at the baby “Did you say something?” she asked. I shook my head “It’s nothing, never mind”.

The baby looked at the man wearing a suit, sitting next to his mother, writing in his black book and observing his every move “Hello Adam” said the man in that raspy voice of him and the baby laughed looking at him. The man would not speak again to Adam for the next 43 years.