There was something... dwarvish about the cafe.  

Well other than the Dwarves anyway.  

As a human adventurer, I can appreciate both the dwarves’ love of gold, beer, and fighting, and their unmatched craftsmanship in arms, trinkets, and armor.  

But they’ve really outdone themselves, and in a field that’s really not been dominated by dwarves.  

The Cafe was sculpted from an enchanted crystal, made to resemble one of the famed golden trees of the Elves.  The glass was of course, of the finest craftsdwarfship, and were smooth, mirror-like panes that I could only assume were made with enormous furnaces.  Even the Golem Cities that the Technomancers ruled over couldn’t make glass this clear.  

The dwarfs had brought all their skill into cultivating living things.  Bonsai trees graced the shelves next to fine paintings, which on closer inspection were painted with anodized metal leaf.  Spells of air and water gave the fountains outside the feel of waterfalls, while within, the roof was enchanted to be a beautiful forest.  

One thing, however, was a bit odd.  Behind the bar was a full blown suit of dwarf armor, along with a small blunted axe.  One closer inspection, the axe was enchanted with a small dose of lightning dust, so it would stun anyone it hit.  

I ordered a coffee.  And it was delicious.  Forgoing the usual big stone mugs for delicate cups, the dwarfs nonetheless brought their attention to detail with finely carved flowers and leaves onto a porcelain cup, encrusted with tiny jewels.  The bread was not the usual tasteless dwarf stuff, but excellent wafers imported from the Woodlands, and baked in the finest of the Northern Kingdom’s bakeries.  Sleek, elegant, and frankly an international enterprise, everything about this cafe was astonishing.  

“We used to be a traveler’s bar, but recently we rebranded ourselves.  This town sees a lot of traveling nobles who want the high end stuff, and we adapted to give those elvish and manning princelings the finer things in life.  It’s good business.”

“So what about your old customers?  All those adventurers and warriors and merchants who want fine dwarf beer?”

The cafe manager, a female dwarf who’d shaved her beard (females were allowed to do this, but men were not), called over one of the waiters, a fine old white bearded dwarf in a tuxedo, to explain.  

“Well, I was, and still am, the head brewer of the distillery in the back, my good manling sir.  We just sell to a distributor now.”

“Oh?  And who may that be?” I asked.  

The dwarf looked at the grandfather clock, which read 5:00 pm.  “You’re about to find out.”

An extremely loud set of bangs rang out from across the street, as if someone had tried to pile an entire armory and had it crashing down a well.  

What followed was the noise for the loudest, most chaotic brawl I’ve ever heard.  

I looked across the street.  

A beautiful elven girl, dressed like a plain barkeeper, was holding an enormous wooden Ent bowl in one hand, and a massive Elven glaive in the other.  She was busy screaming and chasing out what could only be assumed to be a rowdy half-dragon, who was busy apologizing while being whacked in the head with the flat of the blade.  

“I’m sorry! I’m sorry! I won’t cause trouble again!” The poor half dragon begged between sobbing breaths of pale fire.  

“SORRY!  YOU NEARLY KILLED THE DRYAD ARCHER, YOU DRUNKEN, ANCIENT, FIRE BREATHING MENACE!  NOW STAY OUT AND DONT COME BACK FOR A WEEK!” The young elven girl roared with all the fury of an establishment owner.  She then jauntily tucked her weapon behind her arm, and went in to serve the enormous Ent Bowl, filled to the brim with a cocktail of dwarf beer, dragon whiskey, and elf wine.  

I looked behind her.  The sign stood above two enormous trees that acted as pillars, both scarred with arrows and alcohol stains, while beautiful elven crystals and stones were laid in rude patterns and graffitied with insults.  And the sign itself said the following words.  

“POINTY-EARED OBNOXIOUS BEER TAVERN.”

