I am a good bartender.

This is somewhat surprising, since I do not do many of the things that bartenders usually do. Bartenders, for one thing, usually provide their patrons with drinks, but I do not. I do provide my patrons with the *memories* of drinks - memories I have borrowed from other patrons from other parts of the multiverse - and this seems to please them well enough, which means I am a good bartender.

I also do not listen to my patrons' stories. It is my understanding that bartenders are usually good listeners, but I have no patience for it. My patrons talk on and on about whatever is troubling them - some inconvenient supernova or electron field ruining their system, or perhaps young hooligan neutrinos joyriding a comet through their subspace - but I just nod while thinking about other things. I do not respond in kind or offer any advice, but my patrons still somehow seem happier afterward, which means I am a good bartender.

These skills have let me ably serve innumerable types of beings from this quadrant and beyond. In all honesty, most of them are quite boring. It is not their fault; there is only so much you can do with the dimensions you are given to exist in. But they are my patrons, and I serve them, because I am a good bartender.

And then there is William.

William is from a place called Earth. It is a tiny place of little consequence, and for a long while, I did not expect to ever have a patron from Earth in my bar. The creatures there are primitive, close-minded, and usually quite cruel - certainly not fit for a civilized establishment like mine. But William is different, and he is about to show my patrons why.

William is now going to the raised area. I did not have a raised area before, but William told me that I needed one if he was going to stay here. I did not hesitate.

William is now sitting down at the Earth machine. He had to describe it in great detail in order for me to imagine it, but it was worth it. William is touching the machine, and it is making the sounds.

William is now raising the small metal totem to his mouth, and it is also making the sounds. This was much easier to imagine, and I like it even more.

And now William is singing.

"It's nine o'clock on a Saturday..."

Even after all this time, I still do not know what a "Saturday" is. I have decided not to ask. I just enjoy listening.