She was extremely smart when she was with us. 

Honors student, check.

Graduated top of her class, check.

First chair in orchestra, you guessed it. 

Perhaps this makes all of the sense in the world for someone who spent her entire life wanting to do her best. She was pn top of the world when everyone else around her noticed how hard she tried.

When I heard her voice on the other side of the door, it took every ounce of strength for me to not let her into the room. 

My Bella had turned into one of them. If I was going to open the door, I’d end up just like her. When I had joked around with my friends at what I would do when the inevitable zombie apocolypse struck, it usually involved taping nails to my baseball bat and running over zombies in my mom’s Honda Civic.

It never involved watching my 23 year old daughter die in my arms just for her to come back to life screaming at the top of her lungs and having to punch her in the face, choke her and throw her into my hallway just to get her away from me. But that’s obviously what happened. There’s no way I can make this shit up.

Her immune system was compromised. Only one out of thousand got the virus but once they turned and bit someone, that caused the disease to spread more rapidly.

Bella was attacked on her way back from the grocery store during summer break. What are the odds? 

She makes her way back into the house to show me the bite. I start banging my heads into the wall of my living room and throwing all of our photographs on the ground. There was nothing I could do to protect her now. 

I go to give her one final hug as her body collapses in my arm and she dies in front of me. 3 seconds later, she drives her nails through my back and begins screaming at the top of her lungs. I headbutt her and punch her all over her body. She lets go of her grip and I throw her down on the ground and run into the bedroom. 

\-Daddy, please let me in. We can be together forever. Your little girl and daddy, just dancing outside like we used to when I was a kid. Mommy is gone…..

\-Stop Bella…..

\-Please Daddy, let me in. 

There is nothing more that I love in the world more than my daughter. I open the door and let her indulge on my flesh. We’re never going to let our family be ripped apart. 