Out of habit, I scratched the two names on my arm, just below the elbow of my left arm, where the marks appeared on my skin. I did it unthinkingly, as I always did, whenever I was anxious or puzzling over a problem in my mind.

And they were a problem, the names. Ever since I was a child, they'd worried me. One late-afternoon when I was five, my parents sat me down on the old couch in our living room and in calm voices had explained the familiar marks on my arm. One would be the love of my life, my mother said, pausing awkwardly and taking my father's hand, the other would end my life. They'd gestured to each other's name, on my mother's shoulder and my father's ankle. And they'd smiled thinly, and looked into each other's eyes, and talked about the romance of it all. I sat silently, running my fingertips over the thin black lines on my forearm. But, I'd asked, How do you know which name is which? You don't, they'd told me.

In school I remember friends who would style their outfits, with cut-outs and gathers, to make the names visible. At slumber parties, they'd giggle and talk for hours about their soulmate and the future the imagined for themselves. They paired their names with each of the tattoos, asking each other which sounded best. They were bold and naive and believed that we all had long lives laid out in front of us. They'd go out to parties, filled with students from nearby schools, and boldly demand to know the names of every person there. They threw themselves into the path of their destiny, desperate for an answer.

Amiee Thompson was the first to find hers. She met them at a party down at the lake. Two boys, best friends from a high school two towns over. Allen Greenfield and Nick Michaels. Both of the boys had her name on their arm. She had both their names on hers. The party was electric with excitement. We'd seen adults that had been named for each other, but never anyone our own age. Over red-solo cups filled with lukewarm beer and liquor lifted from somebody's parent's, everyone watched the three as they quietly talked. Amie seemed smitten with both of them and it never occurred to us to wonder what that meant. 

I didn't see them leave. But the car accident was all anyone talked about for weeks. Nick had been driving and he'd been drinking. At Amiee's funeral, I heard that Allen and Nick had been wearing seatbelts and that's why they'd survived. I also heard that they weren't friends anymore.

It all just confirmed what I already knew- the names were a warning. Not the promise of love-everlasting that my classmates had gushed over, but a promise of the end of it all.

When I went away to college I'd started to go by a shortened version of my first name, Anna instead of Joanna, paired with my mother's maiden name. By then the legislation had passed that prevented anyone from legally changing their names - too many high-profile court cases had focused on mistaken and misrepresented identities. But I had maintained this version of my name on important documents for so long that it wasn't really a problem. Plus, I was careful too. I didn't use any of the matching apps that vetted prospective soulmates and verified identities through invasive background checks. 

I thought that I'd avoided the whole thing, until last week. 

He'd come into the coffee shop. I was running the bar, filling a long line of cups with sugary espresso drinks when I saw the name - printed in black ink on the side of a cup. I startled, almost dropping it. There it was. Chris Anders. The same name that appeared on my arm, beneath thin blonde hairs and surrounded by freckles, was printed on a sticker and slapped on the side of a paper cup. I was thankful that I'd taken to wearing long-sleeved shirts in high school. I don't remember making his drink, I'm sure it was the wrong mixture of thick black coffee and lightly-sweetened milk. I was almost lightheaded as I walked to place the cup at end of the counter. I watched him step forward as I called his name, and I stepped back awkwardly, staring at him. My stomach dropped. He was beautiful. Dark hair, kind eyes, tall. 

Could I love him? I thought. I caught my right hand scratching the names and turned around. "Thanks." I heard him call, "Be seeing you soon." I'm not sure if that was a threat, whether he'd been looking for me or if it was an accident. But my resolve hardened after I heard it. 

I'm still not sure what the names all mean. I thought about it as I washed my hands. I'd followed him out of the coffee shop and learned where he worked and lived. A good job and a nice townhouse in the center of town. I came back and waited, watching his neighbors come home, one by one. After he arrived, I confirmed that my name was inked on his body- near his on his collarbone, just above his heart. He wasn't my soulmate, I told myself as I washed the blood from my hands. 

Somewhere out there, was the correct Chris Anders. My soulmate. Until I found him, I would have to protect myself from the others. I caught myself scratching the names on my arm. Chris Anders. The same name, printed twice.