Well... This is it. It's been more than 300 days since the clock stopped moving. It's funny, I use to be the person who was always late. The person who always didn't have enough time in the day. Now, all I have is time, and its a fucking curse. Everyone dreams of being a hero, don't. "However long it takes, save us", the last words I've seen from a human or a higher being or whatever wrote this. And what a daunting task may I add. Preventing a rogue planet from crashing with us? I mean my god, I'm an accountant for christ sake. The only thing that, that is good for now is that I've been able to last this long with just numbers. What's my elaborate plan you may ask? Well... thats the kicker. I dont have one. I've had 300 days to think of something...anything...and I can't. I finally came to this conclusion a few days ago. My response, put a gun in my mouth and pull the trigger: I woke up a little while later untouched. I've done a lot of bad things in my life. I've cheated, I've been abusive, and I've pushed away everyone I've loved. This is my purgatory, but maybe it's something more. Maybe this is my second chance to redeem myself before death. So over the past few weeks I've visited everyone I've crossed or done wrong too. I mean they can't say anything back, but apart of me feels that they can hear my apology to them. The last apology on the list? My wife. As I walked towards the Forest Hills graveyard apart of me new this would be my final one. I looked at the grave that read "Sarah Parker". 
"Hi babe, uh its been awhile" 
Tears already started to fill my eye. 
"I know I did bad, and I know you wouldn't be here if it wasn't for me, and fuck, and I'm so sorry that I won't be able to tell our daughter its ok because I'm trapped in this purgatory, but I dont have the answer to this. And I just need you to know that you were right, I was the bad guy, and if I'm forced to spend eternity in this timeless curse so be it, I wasn't able to save us babe, I wasn't able to save us babe" 
And thats when I broke down and began sobbing as if it was that night all over again. I put my head in my heads and broke. 
And at that moment I heard the first sound I've heard in 300 days. Screaming, the beautiful bliss of chaos. As I came back to reality and took a look at the sky I saw that this was the end. My curse was broken. 
---------