Aeolus, have you ever heard of the second world war?

\-Oh yeah, my dad used to be really into that time period. It's around the year 2000. Why?

Well I'm interested in how wars used to be fought. They used to fight human vs human right? It seems so quaint that there was so little technology that you could fight like that. There is an inherent fairness in that I think. These days you can blow up a ship from light-years away, defense is so much weaker than offensive weapons that it's really just all held together by treaties and fear of mutual destruction. It used to be a real fight. So what did your dad tell you about it?

\-Oh yeah, it was totally like that. The side that could muster up the most humans would likely win; though there were strategic tricks you could do. Mind you, everybody was an individual back then. You had to verbally tell everyone what to do, or even use letters, and then just hope they did what told them. You couldn't really know for sure. Logistical nightmare!

Wait, what are letters?

\- Yeah, they wrote some text on paper, like "attack Germany from the east" and then give it to a bird and he would deliver it.

How did the bird know where to go?

\- They trained the bird.

Why didn't they use planes?

\- They didn't have planes in 2000 yet! Look, first you had boats, then cars and trains, then planes. In 2000 they were just starting to build cars. They were still doing most of the travel on horses.

Ooh man, riding an animal to get somewhere! That is sooo cool! What where they fighting about?

\- Yeah, so Hitler, the leader of Germany, was a Christian. But there was also another religion in Europe; the Jewish faith. So he said, these Jews, they are evil people. He thought they were evil right down to their genes. So he made camps to exterminate them all, so their evil genes stayed out of the genepool.

They thought religion was genetic?

\- Oh yeah, they had no idea back then! Anyways, to exterminate them all he had to invade all the other countries in Europe too. He invaded France, and Italy, and Britain. They were having non of it, so they fought back. And that's how the second world war started. Germany lost that one btw. And then they found out that religion wasn't genetic and they were super ashamed.

I can imagine! Cool stuff man!

&#x200B;