(P.S. As a Floridian, it is my duty and honor to present you with more Florida goodness)

“Honestly, if I get bitten by another gator, that’s it! I’m done!” He howled over the laptop screen. Ever since the technology boom, this job became much easier. And communicating with the higher ups became much better. Back when he had to actually send in letters that he finished a job- oh, he shuddered at the thought. Now he was one Skype call away from giving his boss the whole story. 

“It was only a bite, calm down.” The suit behind the computer screen sighed. “And we both know that you were born for this job.”

It was true. He was born for this. With a sigh, he began to peel away the layer of Derik Mason, the facial features falling like dried out play-doh to the ground. His house-keeper never asked, and never mentioned it to anyone else. It’s why the company paid her so much. It’s not easy to clean up after him, but she has done it for ten years now without fail.  “What’s my new name?”

“We have chosen Kurt Livingston.”

“Why Livingston? Why not just smith? Why not for once give me a normal name?” He gripped, peeling away the skin on his arms and neck. In the reflection he let out another audible groan. “Well, Kurt’s got an interesting choice in tattoos.” 

A dick. Not a normal one, a wavy, psychedelic dick with cats dripping out of it. Along his neck. Why him? Kurt, for the next twenty-four hours he was Kurt. Kurt Livingston, the man with a drugged up dick on his neck and probably a fetish for pickles. Not that he remembered his real name anymore. Or his real face. As every day, his skin changed, his face changed, and his name changed. One of fifty, they said, meant to save the everyday people. Made specifically to help the everyday people, no matter if they knew. The government was for saving the country… Florida Man was for saving the people of Florida.

“We will… ensure he is known well for it. Your ID’s and outfit will be in the mailbox.” The suit stated, folding his hands.

“Please tell me no gators.”

“No gators.”

“Thank-.... Wait… what is it this time?” Kurt groaned, leaning back in his chair. As the skin on his stomach peeled, he was exposed to a huge scar along his abdomen and a butterfly tattoo design around it. “Seriously! Who designed this one! I want to make a complaint.”

“You know the rules.” The suit, always calm and cool. Cucumber suit shook his head. “If the job is more intense, so should you be.”

“Oh great.” Kurt rolled his eyes. He could already feel this was going to be a long day. Signing off, he slid away from the desk. Out of all the ‘Protectors’, Florida had to be the worst place to be. Every Florida Man he has been has gone terribly wrong. Atleast in his opinion.  Why couldn’t he have been made for North Dakota? The guy had it easy! Kurt couldn't count the times he ingested more drugs than humanly possible to keep it out of the hands of others. The headache the next day was always atrocious! 

Kurt opened the mail box directly outside the home provided and let his head hang. A speedo… great! Just a speedo. Then he saw his wallet and wanted to instantly quit. But he couldn’t. Doing so would only hurt the people of Florida. Despite having his right foot eaten last night by an Alligator, he knew it was for the greater good. It re-grew, of course, as it always does but… it did hurt! Really fucking bad. And he suffered so that family on the water didn’t lose their toddler who fell off the back dock. The suit knew when bad things would happen, and Florida Man would ensure that he took the blow so that the people wouldn’t. Last week he stole a meat truck and wrecked it so the meat company wouldn’t sell diseased meat and kill over a hundred people. Before that he got into a fist fight with a bouncy house to keep kids from going inside when it inevitably was hit by a drunk driver. Florida man would save the people, it’s what he was made for…

But did he have to do it in a speedo with a dick on his neck? 

\~\~\~\~\~\~

Florida Man, after stealing thirteen pounds of cocaine from a drug bust, denies involvement, blames it on tattoo bias, then assaults police with wet speedo. 