I knew something was wrong when my son came to me in the morning with my favorite mug in his hand, and without uttering a word, dropped it, and said, "This is your first warning."

I rose to my feet, walked over to him, menacing face on, but he stood there, his gaze locked in mine, defying, as if I were no more terrifying than a teddy bear.

"A warning for what, Todd?" I asked through gritted teeth. "You will pick this up, or else you will go to the corner for the rest of the day." I got hold of his arm, trying to break his mask of bravery. "Don't ever do something like this again. Did you hear me?"

"I heard you," he said, and smirked. "You don't seem to be understanding my warnings. But that's fine, you will understand soon enough." He swung his arm, breaking free from my grip, and walked away in his pijamas.

After that incident, I couldn't help but scratch my head. Why was he talking like an evil adult? Where had he learned how to threaten people? What did he mean by warning? I shook the doubts away. It must be a phase. I cleaned the floor then, and cursed under my breath.

Weeks went by, and everything seemed to have been gone back to normal. I had been pretended to be angry with him the first week, but now I was playful again. However, everything I hugged him, he remained stone-still, and after that his humor would shift dramatically; he would become a taciturn thing, and hi eyes would turn distant as if he were planning.

I considered taking him to a child psychologist but decided to wait a couple more days. Which proved to be a terrible idea.

One night, I'd been making dinner, and when I called for him he didn't come nor answer, and so I stomped my way to his room, but he wasn't there, nor was him in the bathroom, or in the laundry.

Heart thundering and yelling desperately, I turned on the lights of my room, and there he was, standing over my mutilated bed with a knife on his hand.

"Last warning." His voice was full of anger. The shadows crisscrossed across his face, hiding half his features. "No more love."

"What?" I swallowed, took a step back. This wasn't my son. This wasn't my sweet Todd. "Drop the knife, Todd. Drop it. It's dangerous."

"I've told you. Last warning. No more hugs. No more love. You will obey me. From now on I rule this house. I will not hesitate to use this knife otherwise. Understood?"

In that moment, a memory struck my mind. "Understood," I said, and ran to his room. I thought I had seen something out of place on his bedside table. There, a book lay, The Prince by Niccolo Machiavelli. A corner of a page was folded. I opened it there, and highlighted in red, it said, "It is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both."

"Oh, no. What have I done?" I murmured under my breath. My heart sank, and the weight of a small yet heavy presence tumbled upon me. I turned. Todd was there, knife in hand, staring at me through dark eyes, his face stolid.

"It's a great book," he said. "Now, go finish dinner."

"Enough is enough." I got hold of his arm, pressing tightly, and took the knife away from him. Tears welled up, lacquering his eyes. "You are grounded until you reflect on your actions." I locked him into his room, ignoring his wails.

I drew a deep breath, melted against a wall. My arms trembled; my insides were a tight knot.

That night I didn't sleep.

The next morning, when I unlocked him, he ran to my arms, hugged me and apologized. I made him breakfast, bought him toys, and took him to the amusement park. All the while, the icy fist of fear clutched my heart, and it was only when I looked at his sweet, angelical face as I tucked him into his bed later that night, that the highlighted sentence came back to me. *It is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both.*

*If you cannot be both.* 

-------------------------------------------

r/NoahElowyn -- Consider checking it out if you enjoyed the story, I've many more over there!