My vision is still a little blurred when I wake up. Maybe from the drug, maybe I’ve slept a little longer and a little more peacefully than I have in a while. I move to stretch when I notice my hands are bound behind me. I stiffen in panic, but cops don’t use climbing rope. They also don’t tie you up in dirty storage unit pods either. 

The man sitting across from me I recognize. He lounges in his tattered old armchair, a languid smile on his sweet soft face. The eagerness I saw before still there but different. He didn’t even bother to change into “work” clothes, amateur. His jeans are nice and clean, pressed from the depart,ent store he must have bought them at this morning, or was it yesterday morning. I can see light around the edges of the door. Yesterday morning I’m guessing. New fancy jeans, new pressed button down, new, everything about him is new. 

“Hi baby” he grins and leans towards me “ready to play?” His voice is falsely smooth. He’s excited, he’s done this before but it still thrills him. I look around me and repress a sigh of exasperation. I can see the blood stains and sprays from others before me. I can smell the old copper of dried blood on the floor and in the little hard to clean places. There are bird songs muffled by the metal walls and the rushing of a spring breeze. He must have this someplace he thinks is well hidden. Someplace he is comfortable and thinks he will never be caught. He’s not even wearing gloves, the idiot thinks his plans are so perfect he could never be caught. 

“Hi, Tom, right? Your name is Tom?” I try to be polite but I can’t help letting a little annoyance slip through. I knew he was a bad mark when I saw him but he looked like a little boy at Disney and I couldn’t resist. 

“You got it baby, And you’re Jenny. Pretty name Jenny, do you know what I’m going to do to you?” He grins wider, he can barely contain himself. He’s so excited for this, I almost hate to ruin it for him. 

“Listen Tom, you’ve made a mistake. You don’t want to do this” his grin slips away. He wants to know why I’m not scared. I should be shaking, crying, begging for my life.  He wants me to bargain with him, promise him anything if he will just let me see my mom again.  I’m too calm and it’s ruining his big moment. “Tom, you and I, well, no. It’s not going to work out. You should really just untie me now so we can chalk this up to a big misunderstanding.” 

I don’t want to break this chair, it’s a nice chair and he’s got a little setup out here. Who knows, this chair might be a special part of his process and it’s not neighborly to mess with someone’s system. I would be pretty annoyed if someone barged in and ruined one of my props. A lot of work goes into this kind of thing. 

He’s mad now, on his feet and red faced. “What do you know bitch? I’m going to rip you apart. I’m the Red Dagger.” 

That’s right. Red. Dagger. He calls himself his own press name. Who does that, he’s practically a kid on the internet yelling “do you know who I am” into the video comments. “Okay Dagger,” I sigh, “you and I are like coworkers and coworkers don’t drug each other. It’s not fair play. Now untie me so I can get back to my game and you can get back to yours.” I really do have stuff to do. There were three other young men at that bar that I pegged but I just had to get distracted by this baby faced loon. It’s been years since I’ve been drink swapped. I’m a little embarrassed really. 

Poor Tom, he looks confused. He can’t decide if he’s mad at me or if he messed something up. After a moment of pacing and touching everything (really? No gloves at all?) he spins towards me and slaps me hard. It feels like my eyeball is about to explode. My mouth fills with blood and I think he loosened a tooth. I look down right as a droplet of blood falls from my mouth onto the lap my $400 Betsy Johnson cocktail dress. I’m never going to get the blood spot out of this silk and it’s dead center. 

“You are so screwed” I growl at him and when I snap the chair arms I’m tied to I can finally smell his fear mixed in with all the old blood. 

