"CAT!! What the freaking crow do you think you're doing?"  I bolted upright in bed as I felt the stinging claws rake across my exposed arm. "I just fell asleep you rotten cat." 

The cat in question, Mickey, all black fur and with a nasty temperament to match, was glaring up from the floor where I had flung her out of reflex. We glared at each other, mutually pissed, like always.

Why do I still have this cat...? After eighteen years of living, and she's still as wretched as she ever was, why do I still put up with it? Can't- scratch that- won't even pee in the stupid litter box. 

I check the clock beside my bed- it reads just after 3am. Great, I've got to be at work in three hours, and I wouldn't even waste the money betting this cat isn't about to let me go back to sleep. As I begin to roll over and attempt to get comfortable again, I hear a scratchy sound coming from Mickey's throat. Huh, that's funny, almost like she was clearing her throat....

"Well, you needed to know that this is not a dream. Why else would I wake you? You're horrible company, especially when you're tired. Of course, I don't really care for you when you're not tired either, come to think of it." 

My cat just talked. My. Cat. Just. Spoke. To me.  

Who am I kidding, she's evil enough.

"Go have a date with the devil, Mickey. I work too much to be harangued by my cat in the middle of the night for nothing."

"That's actually why I woke you." Mickey sat on her haunches and began calmly cleaning a front paw, speaking every other lick. "You see, Stacy, you work all day, come home and eat, then sleep the rest. You're clearly not trying to find a mate, and I have a problem that, amazingly, you can fix for me."

I'll admit, I was intrigued now. I sat up on an elbow and asked- albeit sarcastically- "What's the problem, your highness?"  I got a nasty look from her green eyes and a pause in the paw cleaning for that one.

"I can't go back to my Master. He forbid me from returning."

"Why? And who are we talking about?" I always kind of figured she saw me as her servant, so it didn't surprise me Mickey was calling someone else 'master.'

Mickey rolled her eyes, put the front paw down and lifted a rear leg to inspect. "I don't have time to go into details- honestly, we're short on time for chit chatting as well- but he banished me after I clawed him for petting me wrong last time I was in Hell. So, in order to regain his favor, I promised him a date with you. I don't know why, but he fancies you."

"You did WHAT?!" I yelled. I sat up in bed, swung my legs around and snapped a lamp on all in one move. I was faster than Mickey gave me credit. I had her scruffed in one hand as I lifted her off the floor so that we were eye level before she could even try to run. "Repeat that last statement."

"This isn't even slightly dignified-" "I said repeat it!" She looked at me with absolute contempt, but she replied, "I said, that I promised to get a date with you for my master, the Devil."

We stared at each other for a few seconds. Mickey with disgust for how I was holding her captive, and me with disbelief.

"THE devil?"

"Yes yes yes, THE devil. Honestly he's really wonderful, and he always has the best food treats for me. Now. Would you mind?"

I unceremoniously dropped her onto my bed, and turned so I could cross my legs and face her.

"Why will me going out with him get you back into his good graces? And why oh why couldn't this wait til morning? Even better, why should I even do this for you?"

Suddenly, Mickey hissed and spat as I asked her the final question. Fluffed fur stood on end, and she doubled her black size. But I'd seen it all before. I honestly didn't even blink an eyelash.

"Why?! WHY!! Because if I can't get back into Hell, I'll be stuck here living FOREVER with you miserable humans, that's why!" she yelled at me. " I don't know why he likes you, but he does. And there's a time difference, so you need to get ready NOW in order for us to make it in time for dinner there!"

I began to have an evil idea...

"Sooo.... let me just get this straight. You're saying if I *don't* go on this date for you, which you didn't ask me about or tell me anything about him before hand, then you're stuck here."

"Yes."

"With me."

"...yes."

"Foreeeveer...?"

Mickey yowled with hate and fear as I sat there on my bed grinning like a fool and giggling to myself. She fluffed and hissed, got up and paced the bed, sank  onto her belly looking around my small studio apartment with absolute dejection. Finally, she turned to look me in the eyes. A look so pitiful, so full of complete sadness- something I'd never seen on Mickey's face before- I slowly stop giggling.

"You really love him, don't you?"

"Yes. I do." She paused, then said something I never expected. "Please."

I sighed heavily. I'm an animal lover to begin with, and a sucker. She was always going to win.

"Alright fine... tell me what kind of clothes I need to wear, and then you're going to tell me in *detail* about him....... Punk."