People go crazy when they know this is their last day on Earth. They took advantage of their power. No punishment would follow. They could do anything they wanted to, and did. Their crimes were horrific.

Then they went off to their comfortable lives in their comfortable cabins with all the facilities of the most expensive luxury liners ever built, leaving behind a warming Earth recovering from decades of war games with real people and real weapons. Depleted uranium and landmines salted the earth that wasn't already ruined by climate change.

Those who have a year to live are, in general, more circumspect. The great eggs were distant specks in the sky. Some watched on telescopes.

All the systems had been shut down, because they *could*. The billionaires, the multi-billionaires, the despots, the lottery winners, had power and no brakes on their excesses. Those who wished to grind the poor under their heel just to revel in their pain were a minority, but nobody stopped them. We were all going to die. But not tomorrow. Not for one solar year.

The earth turned, and like ants, people began rebuilding. Not just ants. I hadn't realised that nearly every motor had a disc on it that would unfold to become a drone. I didn't realise that we were swimming in a sea of robots, large and small. I didn't realise that nearly every billboard and sign held a charging station, and every electric light.

Robots and power weren't my department. I'd done my bit, working with the scummiest of ad execs to create the contests that rigged the lottery. He was a nasty piece of work, but the challenge of it all appealed to him, and of course he wanted a ticket to the good life. We needed people like that to make it work, since the entire thing was driven by greed and a lust for power.

Water zeppelins drifted up, uncanny silent beasts that dropped hoses with taps on the end, slowed by parachutes and labelled 'drinking water'. The internet returned, looking different. Very plain, with static pictures and strong colours. Soon we could see videos of zeppelins going to the sea, or dropping salt into glass containers.

Earth had gone, the earth as we knew it, anyway. Shell-shocked, most of us wandered around in a world that was run by robots, eating or drinking food-packets untouched by human hands, watching as tents arrived and landed on anyone lying down, and vanished them away.

Not one of us was responsible for this. Not one, but many. Blue-sky thinking, small scale trials, terraforming for the rich, the sociopaths, the venal. Forests would spring anew, entire species rescued from tissues. Once Earth was going to die, all the Earth's resources went into building the way out and setting up a comfortable existence twenty years down the line. 

Nothing would bring back the dead, but the same psychologists that had worked on conflict resolution for the privileged and trapped began putting together the shattered psyches of the poor and disposessed. It wasn't perfect, in fact it was frightening the way that those who became violent, who couldn't cope, were vanished away.

Then they came back, or lots of them came back. Green leaves turned into plants with flowers. Animals just.... arrived. Clothes turned up, factory made. Meat grew in vats and landed in front of us. Churches and temples still existed, bright, shining and new, gathering places for those who couldn't understand.

Obviously, people wouldn't stand for it, for literal manna from heaven, for a robot god. Even the best of us liked humans in power that we could relate to, and even the best of us tended to find that power shaped us. We didn't like, *I* didn't like the way that any who raised a hand to another was gone the next day, that raised voices caused drones to circle the house, drones with big, staring artificial eyes. They always looked sad, not angry.

Those that weren't happy went on the next set of life-rafts, a longer journey, fifty and a hundred and two hundred years, to start again on barely-habitable planets, with robots *they* controlled by a democracy.

The placid and accepting remained.

'We've created a world of sheep,' said Mohammed, secular son of an ad executive and a maid. He was a gentle man, rather appalled by our new circumstances.
I looked down upon the valley full of clean buildings, tents and winding sinuous rills we called Xanadu. Every second valley was Xanadu or Eden or similar. Zeppelins drifted in lines and drones ghosted about the place, their hum blending in with millions of insects.
'No, we'll mess it up within a generation,' I said, smiling up at him. 'Honestly, we will. All we've done is bought time. The thing is, right *now*, I can go down one side of this hill and anything I need will arrive and nobody will hurt me, or I can go down the other side and deal with grizzly bears and rain and rocks that fall on you and mud. At no point is anyone going to make me work all day to eat bad food and tell me it's my own fault. I'm not sorry.'
Mohammed smiled and poked me with a finger. 'That's because you're a sheep,' he said, teasing me.
'Well, so are you,' I pointed out. 'So, Baa-baa lamb, are we going hunting? Only if we are, I have to go and find out where to get a tent.'
'Just... killing something because we can?' said Mohammed, looking back down at the wildnerness below. Much of it was artificial forest, but real trees were growing in and it looked convincing. 'It isn't even real yet,' he said. 'We'd damage it.'
'I don't think we'd be allowed to, and not every animal gets to survive,' I told him. 'I've got a quota. Come on, you used to love hunting.'
'You have rifles?'
'Nope. Bow and arrow. I somehow don't think we'll live to see another firearm in human hands, and I'm not going to think about killer drones just now.'
He shook his head. 'I don't want to,' he said, shrugging. 'We don't need to kill animals any more for food. We don't need to... anything. Ever.' He looked back over Xanadu Valley. 'I don't know what to do,' he admitted.
'I got that,' I said, leaning my head on his arm. 'Fine, I'll send the job back upline. If we're sheep, how about knitting? Or underwater exploration, we still know less about the ocean than we should. Poetry...'
'It's not right,' he said, sitting down on a tussock. The sun was nearly all the way up. 'It's not right. All those people...'
'And none of us are in trouble and nobody knows, and if they did, we only did our small parts. I mean, if you *want* punishment, go and ask a robot, there's one for everything.'
'No... I want dead people to not be dead,' he said, leaning back on me now. The sun was behind us, lighting up glass in the very, very small city that was all that was now allowed. 'I want humans to not have ruined everything.'
'Want away,' I said, sighing. 'I can't be with you if we lived through the end times and now you're going to mope, Mohammed. Baaa.'
'Baaa. I'll fix it.' He kissed my cheek. 'Hunting what?'
I brightened up. 'So, there's this one starving bear that doesn't know how to be a bear, and it's taking up a territory for a cub or something, I don't know, but it's a bear and all *we* have is bows and arrows and logs and so on, so we need to plan....'

Life on Earth was never going to be perfect, and eventually the nova that everyone fled would be real, and we'd have nowhere to run to, not in a finite universe, but lives are short and ours turned out to be pretty sweet, once the End Times were over. We got the bear, and I still have scars from being stupid hauling the carcass. In the end we decided to have two children, who turned out to be absolute snots as teenagers, and decent adults. Mohammed died, and I moved to assisted living, with other people who remembered the Before. 

Very nearly everyone who lived on Earth died in the End Times, and I am, in my way, a monster, part of a team who made Stalin look like a compassionate soul. We all know each other, mostly from that little look of shame, the one that says we don't deserve this. We really don't. 

Nobody's actually rich. We have enough to eat and clothes and the Internet, but if we need to get somewhere, we walk or bicycle or go by Zeppelin, and in many areas we don't have the fuel we would need to build houses to shelter us from the weather. It isn't heaven. Most of the world is given over to wildlife that would kill and eat us if it could, and there are only three million of us left. 

I'm going to die, so it no longer matters if anyone knows. Ten years from now, you'll be reading this, or perhaps twenty, but not longer than that. We tricked the world, and made the End Times happen, to make the world anew. You know the stories anyway, since it was documented as it happened, but nobody knew about the hillside chat, only me and Mohammed, and he's long since dead. I just wanted to record my guilt and leave it behind. Nobody deserved any of it, not those who lived, not those who stayed. In the end, the Earth will die.

Until then, live a good life, the best you can. Be happy. It's all I know that is good about us, about life, is that we can be happy, and then write it down. Perhaps I, no, I know I didn't deserve to be, but I have been. I was never happy in the Before, and I've known such happiness since.

So that's the story of how your grandma helped kill nine billion people or sent them into exile. Live a good life. I love you.