A man sat on his golden throne. He slouched and his eyes lost themselves in the distance. He did not look at the beautiful chandelier or the intricate wall decorations or the fine carpet on the floor. He did not look at his loyal attendant by his side, which was not more than a tool now, and the small rectangular object he held was even further away from his mind. He barely spared a glance at the pleading man in his knees before him, and dismissed it with a wave of his hand. He was bothered by the screams of the pleading man as he was dragged away by the guards, but just barely, like a buzzing fly. The young ones were all like flies anyway.

The pleading man's eyes flashed red. He turned, swinging the guards and sending them flying. He charged towards the throne, no hint of humility left in them, only rage. The raging man couldn't didn't see when the man in the throne moved, but he felt a hand on his throat and a fear he never felt before. The man in the throne actually looked at him.

The man in the throne actually considered the existence of the pleading man, and found it amusing. Amusing but bothersome. He pinched his fingers and just as easily tore off the pleading man's throat, then with a flick of his fingers severed the head. The pleading man didn't feel anything, it was all too fast.

The man in the throne sighed and slouched. All excitement was gone and now there was just a mess. He licked his bloody fingers. He didn't spare a glance to the corpse, or to his attendant, but arrangements were already being made to dispose of it.

He felt the fatigue coming. The same fatigue he felt for hundreds of years before. It was time to leave. He walked the short distance to his dark bedroom chambers, as he always did. He climbed into the ornate coffin which close over him, leaving only the purest darkness. He did not sleep, but he was not awake either.

The booming sound of a blast echoed across the hallways. The palace shook. He opened his eyes, even as he felt the daytime hours weigh him down. He got up, more annoyed than concerned, awaiting an immediate explanation.

It didn't come.

He opened himself the door to the next room and for the first time in centuries shivered as he saw rays of sunlight coming from down the hallway. But how could it be? Deep underground as they were, it should be impossible! Then he saw the soldiers, walking past the rubble he only had noticed.

They were covered in a slick black armor, far larger than a human should be. They held some sort of device. Maybe another new kind of crossbow, he thought. There was only one thing he recognized. The rosary wrapped around one of their devices. Templar knights, he thought, and felt nostalgic. It had been such a long time since mere humans tried to storm his dominion. At least, it had been a long time since they made any attempt worth noticing. However, to him, it was futile just the same. Arrows or bullets, nothing was a threat to him.

They pointed the strange crossbows at him and pulled the trigger. He just opened his hand in that moment, ready to catch the shot.

And so his hand became dust.

His eyes widened. He didn't understand. He felt his chest burning. Then he did. It was light! He fled back to his bedroom and closed the thick door, afraid as he never had been. How did he never see this threat coming?

There was nowhere to go! It has been so long he faced the need to flee, it had been forgotten. There was no choice, he would have to fight. But he regained his confidence. He was the vampire lord! They were mere mortals, no matter their weapons.

He climbed the ceiling and waited.

The large door slammed open. A small round object was thrown in. It missed the vampire entirely. Until it flashed like the sun and made his skin sizzle. He roared.

Three of the soldiers entered the room, one of them already turning his weapon to the ceiling. The vampire fell upon him, clawing to rip is head off. All he managed was a scratch. He punched the chest of the soldier and nothing happened. 

He used to tear hearts out of knights through steel. What had happened?

That was his last thought. Beams of light pierced his torso and his head, and so he turned into dust.

The Special Anti-Vampire Unit confirmed the end of the threat. They cheered one more successful mission. One more ancient killer brought to his end. The soldier was annoyed the thing had scratched his power armor, but he just took his laser gun and turned to head back home after a job well done.