Thirty years have gone by in this prison since my last murder. I've had three cellmates in my time. Each one died within a month of moving in. I had nothing to do with any of the deaths. Regardless, I was now a curse in the eyes of the general prison population.

Now, they kept me by myself.

Jacob, the prison guard in my latest home of Cell Block 4A always would spend a little more time talking to me as he made his rounds.  The clicking of his shoes on the cement prison floor was in a rhythm all its own, so I always knew when he was coming.

"Number 664, you lonely in there?" He asked just as his figure came into view through the bars.

"No, Jacob," I replied. " My thoughts are always with me in here to keep me company."

He paused and then smirked. He knew what I had done to get in here, but I was a harmless and interesting specimen behind bars to him.

"664, I've been working here for 15 years." He said. "You've been in here for twice that, right?"

"Yes, Jacob. That is correct." Was my simple reply.

His eyes passed over my body from head to toe, eventually meeting mine. He drew himself in close to the bars, never breaking his gaze.

For the first time, I was nervous with him. He was the only soul in this place who paid any attention to me, which is probably why no one had noticed my lack of aging.

"What's your real name, 664?" Jacob asked.

I hesitated. No one had asked me that since my last cellmate died. You almost forget you have one on the inside.

"I'm Augustine," I responded. "Augustine Cachot."

"Well that's an interesting name," he mused to himself. "Sounds very, shall we say... 'vintage' to me."

Jacob was a reasonably smart man. He was humble, metered and wise with an even temperament. I could tell that from my daily interactions with him. In 15 years, you can learn someone's soul from even the most mundane of interactions.

Jacob turned his back to me, stepping back from the bars of my human cage. He reached into his pocket and pulled out an old photograph.

"Augustine Cachot, you've lived in this town for two hundred years, haven't you?" He held the photo up to me as he spoke.

Oddly, I knew it was me in the photo, but didn't remember where or when it was taken. Two hundred years of memories is a lot to retain.

"You haven't aged much since this photo, have you?" He asked, already knowing the answer. "Thirty years here and your body hasn't changed, your hair hasn't grayed and you've never been sick."

I sat down in my cell, waiting to hear his next analytical point.  He figured out my immortality by doing what no one else did: by paying attention.

"In 15 years, I've become gray and winkled. My body has slowed. Yet, you remain as you were on the day you arrived."

Jacob handed me a different photo. 

"Ah yes," I mused. "My prison intake photo. I was just a handsome 23 year old lad in that one. Time has treated me well."

"Time hasnt touched you," he quickly retorted. "You're in here for your life, which means you'll be here forever, won't you?"

My head dropped into my hands as the word "forever" hung in the air. I'll never leave. Unless I escape, I'll never be anything but a man caged for eternity.

"You're right," I said. "No sense in hiding it at this point."

"Well. . ." Jacob paused, now leaning on a wall. His eyes now fixed firmly at the ceiling.

"Well, what?" I asked.

"Well, I guess I'll see you tomorrow," he said.

And then he walked away.