The corridor seemed to go on forever, though that may just have been an illusion caused by its monotony. A featureless concrete floor, rows of identical doors on either side, and high above, at regular intervals along the ceiling, unadorned fluorescent lightbulbs. 

Two guards marched in lockstep at either side of me, forcing me to keep pace, our footsteps, along with the buzzing of the lights, were the only sounds. I looked at them out of the corner of my eye. They seemed pretty young, early twenties maybe. Only a few years older than me, but their expressions were so cold. What horrors had they seen in their young lives to make them look like that. How many people had they led down this same corridor? God knows what was waiting for me at the end of it. Probably my death.

Not that the thought of dying bothered me particularly. Given the choice between starving to death, as hundreds did every day, or being forced to work in the mines until my body gave out, which was the reality for countless more, being executed didn’t seem so bad. At least it would be quick. 

What bothered me was how meekly I had accepted my fate. How meekly we all had. It had taken only five years for our society to be completely overrun by the regime, and in that time there had only been the faintest shadow of a resistance. We had simply bowed our heads in surrender, like cattle. When the soldiers had come for me I hadn’t but up a fight, I hadn’t struggled, I’d simply packed away my belongings and gone with them. Before I died I at least wanted to offer some resistance. To prove that they hadn’t broken me.

The guards snapped to a halt in front of one of the doors. There was no way of guessing what lay on the other side. It looked identical to all the others.  A plain white door with no markings, no adornments, not even a number, just a plain silver card reader which restricted access to authorised personnel. 

The guard in front pulled out a card from his pocket and unlocked it, pushing open the door and stepping inside. A sharp prod in my back from the rear indicated that I should follow him. Inside was a large room, like a study, furnished with a single imposing looking desk, on the opposite side of which was an enormous high-backed leather chair which faced away from us.

“Leave us.” came a deep, metallic voice from the chair. I recognised it instantly. It was the voice of the Supreme Leader. The man who held the entire country in the palm of his hand. Nobody had ever seen him in person, much less been alone with him, and yet here I was, only a few feet away. What better way to spark a resistance than to… 

The guards seemed to sense my intentions because they hesitated to leave, looking at each other nervously before one of them spoke.

“Supreme Leader,” he began, snapping to attention so stiffly that I though his back might break. “Is it wise for us to leave you alone with….”

“Leave us!” repeated the voice, louder this time. “You will regret making me repeat myself again.”

The guards cast one final glance at me before hurrying the room closing the door behind them.

“You’re name is Simon Tucker.” said the Supreme Leader. It wasn’t a question, he was simply pointing out that he knew who I was.

“Yes.” I replied simply. My mind was racing. Was I really capable of killing him? What would be the result if I did? I looked around the room for a weapon, something heavy that I could hit him over the head with perhaps but nothing suitable presented itself.

“You’re wondering if you have what it takes to kill me, correct?” he said, as if reading my thoughts. “Tell me, what would you do if you did? Would you try and take my place?” There was a note of mockery in his voice. My hands balled subconsciously into fists. 

“I don’t know.” I said honestly, it seemed meaningless to lie. He was right, it had never crossed my mind before, but now, standing so close to the seat of power, I couldn’t help but wonder what it would be like to rule myself. To wield power over so many people. I was ashamed of my self for the thought, and angry that he had read me so easily.

“Of course you would.” he continued. “You’ve always been that way Simon. But you lack the courage to do what is necessary. That is the difference between  us.”

He turned in his chair, finally revealing his face. It was Adam Frank, we’d been classmates when we were children.

I felt as if I was going to faint. “Adam!” I managed to gasp, unable to believe my eyes. “What the hell is going on?! What are you doing here?!”

“You…” he put down a small box which he had been holding to his mouth, his voice instantly returning to a slightly deeper version of the one I remembered from our childhood. “You really don’t remember do you?” he continued. “Have you really forgotten the last time we saw each other?”

I tried to think but it was all too overwhelming. Was it really possible that Adam was the man who had single handedly enslaved our entire country? How was that possible? And why?

“When we were nine years old” Adam continued, presumably growing tired of me gawping at him like an idiot. “You, me and a few other kids were playing our favourite game; Capture The Flag. Do you remember now? Losers had to buy the winner a Push Pop. I captured the other kids’ flags in no time, but we had to go back to class before I could get yours. You couldn’t stand the fact that you were losing and so you quit, refusing to tell me where your flag was hidden and refusing to continue the game. I searched for weeks, months, but I couldn’t find that goddamn flag anywhere. Eventually I realised that the only way I could win, was to capture the territory it was on.”

He paused, surveying me coldly from behind the desk. The horror of what he was saying began to dawn on me but I couldn’t bring myself to accept it. It couldn’t be…surely this couldn’t all be because of a game.

“I started with the school of course,” he said, his eyes never leaving mine. “It wasn’t easy to acquire the funds to buy it. I learned how to invest, slowly, carefully, I had to sell a lot of lemonade to build up the staring capital, a hell of a lot, but it was worth it. Turns out that even a child can run a school more efficiently than most school boards, though obviously I had to operate from the shadows. Still, soon the investment was paying dividends. I became a very rich young man. Though we both know that money wasn’t enough to satisfy me.

‘’Jesus Adam…”

“Next I bought that park we used to play in. You remember that? I thought maybe you’d buried it there, A few years, I forced your parents to sell their home to me.”“Jesus that was you??!!” This was all too much to take in. I felt like I was going to be sick. But Adam continued.

“Once I owned the house, the park and the school I was pretty confident that the flag was on a piece of property I owned, but I couldn’t be sure. I had to be sure!” A look of pure madness twisting his features as he spoke. “So I kept going. Piece by piece, victory by victory, until the entire country was my base Simon! All of it! Every inch of land where you could possibly have hidden that flag belongs to me. I couldn’t bring you before me again until I was certain of my victory. And now I am. Admit it Simon! Admit that I won!

Adam was standing now, leaning forward, both his hands flat on the desk, his eyes aflame with zeal. A vein throbbed at his temple in time with his frenzied breathing.  

“T..that was over a decade ago Adam!” I managed to stammer after a few moments. “I have no idea where I put that flag! I think I just left it in the classroom after we finished the game.”

A shadow of doubt flashed across Adam’s face. 

“That’s…impossible.” he said finally, as if he was trying to convince himself. “I searched every inch of that school. “Everywhere. There’s no way I missed it.”

“Did you look in the rubbish?” I said. “It was just a little handmade flag, maybe I threw it away. Maybe the bins got emptied before you had a chance to look.

He slumped back into his chair like a puppet whose strings had suddenly been cut. He stared blankly up at me, as if pleading with me to tell him that the last decade of his life hadn’t been wasted.

“Listen mate,” I said gently. “You’re right. I didn’t leave it in the class. I buried it. Somewhere secret. Even I don’t know where it is now. But it’s definitely somewhere within the country.”

Adam continued to stare up at me, I guess trying to decide whether or not he could believe me. 

So you won OK?” I told him, “I give up. So we can stop all of this now OK?”

Adam nodded quietly.

“Good.” I said, placing a hand lightly on his shoulder. “Good. Let’s go then shall we? Maybe we can still find somewhere that sells Push Pops. If anywhere like that has survived the regime I mean.”

Adam stood up, still looking a little shaky as he stepped out from behind the desk. “I ordered that that shop next to the school kept them in stock, so that when I won you could buy me one.” He sounded embarrassed, he kept his eyes on the floor as he spoke.

“Ok great,” I said. “Let’s go there right away then. Nobody has any money anymore of course, but I’m sure they’ll let me barter something for one.”

“Strawberry flavour?” asked Adam, a trace of enthusiasm returning to his voice.

“Sure buddy.” I said, leading him towards the door. “Strawberry flavour it is.” 