'Alright so you were there on Sol three right?, was it really as messed up as they said?"

"Even worse,  so there we were eight hundred Cruisers, two hundred Dreadnoughts and a Capitol ship, we should have rolled over their measly fleet of three hundred shuttles, eighty cruisers and a colony ship."

"So what went wrong?"

"Ok, so  apparently there was an antimatter refinery on the planet, fifty of those shuttles were loaded to the gills with the stuff,  and no these were not specially designed shuttles, they just decided why not load my cargo hold with the most volatile substance in the known universe. "

"But how could they fire it, even Dreadnoughts don't have room to safely fire antimatter?"

"Fire it, they didn't fire it they rammed us, at first the captains thought they planned to deploy missiles and so decided to let the laser defenses handle them while preparing to destroy the retreating vessels. "

"But thats crazy,  nothing survives an antimatter explosion."

"It gets worse, so after that the captains called for evasive actions if one of those shuttles when near, so of course a hundred fifty of them decide to head straight for the Dreadnoughts.

Only Dreadnoughts are not build to take on shuttles, so the Cruisers are told to fire upon the shuttles, which of course avoid them leaving the Cruisers shots impacting the Dreadnoughts. 

Now normally this wouldn't be a problem for the shields, but some of those shuttles carried EMP mines, which disabled the shields just moments before the hit lands, of course not all of them were timed correctly and dozens of shuttles fell prey to their own EMP."

"Still its only a matter of time before they got all the shuttles right?"

"Ye but the other forces didn't sit and wait,  you see the Capitol ship decided to send out fighters to clean them up faster, now the first wave went out ok, a hundred small fighters launched.

But the enemy had been planning for this, five of their Cruisers charged their FTL engines,  now at the time we thought they were fleeing,  but if we had studied their trajectories we would have found their true purpose.  

You see a Capitol ship is one of the strongest vessels made, it can withstand even a dozen dreadnoughts firing at it,  its only weakness is that if it releases fighters it needs to lower part of its shielding, as the second wave exited the Cruisers ftl jump took them right though the fighters and into the side to the Capitol ship at ftl speeds, had they been of by a second they would have slammed into its shielding, doing little to no damage, but they timed it perfectly."

"But ftl paths can't intersect solid matter, thats hard coded into every one of our ships."

"Yes, every one of OUR ships, it wouldn't surprise me if they just disabled their own or did ftl jumps without it altogether."

"But back to the battle, so what did you do after it was taken out?"

"Well besides evasive maneuvering around the shuttles we now had to track each cruiser that powers its FTL engine, which they of course did at random, but even with that we were still winning, high cost or not. 

That all changed when the colony ship decided to fire up its terra former, you see on land its gravity hammer allows you to flatten large areas of land,  in space any object smaller then a planet is send flying in the opposite direction, objects like missiles, ships, hell even some asteroids were subjected to it.

Now normally this wouldn't be much of a problem, but the previous  attacks left enormous wrecks and debris clouds lying around meaning lasers couldn't hit the Colony ship and missiles were send back or destroyed by debris. 

Of course flanking maneuvers were tried but before they could succeed FTL Cruisers targeted them, meaning that the only path left for them was retreat, from the initial fleet only a hundred Cruisers and fifty Dreadnoughts survived."