It is not easy hunting Death down. It prefers to get its job done fast, barely lingering for long after it collects a soul. Much like a janitor who hates his job. You cannot blame it really. If I am forced to do Death's job, I would be pretty sick of it quickly too. Still it does not excuse what Death has done to me. And after several thousand years of practice, I have grown to be quite good at finding Death.

I stare at the red glowing fonts above the door. Drunk driving accident. From what I heard, the guy got flung through his windshield and hit a tree. Quite comical, if you ask me. No one asked him to drink and drive, after all. But I keep my thoughts to myself, pretending to be busy looking at my phone. Opposite me, two men tries to calm a crying woman. Probably friends or relatives of the flying dude.

"Don't worry, I am sure Jack will be fine," I hear one of them say. I stifle a giggle. The only way that guy is going to walk away from this is to step on Death's robe himself. And then I see it at the corner of my eye.

The unmistakeable glow of darkness. Followed by a sudden drop in temperature. A white, pale figure covered in the blackest robe you can imagine. Enough to strike fear even to the bravest of men. Not to me though. I have seen Death too many times to have any fear left for it. More like annoyance.

I quickly rise to my feet and rush to the figure. Death tries to avoid me, but I am always faster. I push Death into a storage room, lock the door behind me.

*Yes, Edward?*

Death's voice asks inside my head. Bored, slow, can't wait to just get the conversation over and done with. I tie a necklace around its neck. Adorned with a cross, blessed with holy water. Maybe this will keep it from disappearing from me this time.

Death looks at the necklace then back at me. The lifeless grey eyes barely betray any emotions. 

*It won't do anything, Edward.* 

Death announces, reading my mind.

*Can you just let me get on with my job?*

I growled, pinning Death further down. "You know why I am here. And I won't let you go until you get rid of this curse that you gave me."

Death casts another bored look at my necklace, sighs and snaps its finger. The figure in my grasp disappears in a puff of black smoke, and reappears near the door.

*Like I said, Edward, it does nothing.*

I turn to face Death. That priest swore that Holy Water would be effective against creatures from hell. Just like that professor who said that light could probably counteract a creature that projects constant darkness. 

Out of desperation, I fall to my knees. "Look, I am sorry that I accidentally stepped on your robes. I could not even see you during that time!" I plead with Death.

Immortality may be a gift to some, I thought that initially too, but after few thousand years of living you get sick of it quite quickly. You can never stay at a place too long or people will begin to question, and you cannot do anything a normal human can. At least, not in an age where your identity is tied to an identity card.

*No.*

Another black puff of smoke and that bugger is gone.

I rush out of the room, to spot the remnants of the black robe disappearing into the operating theatre.

"Just so you know I will keep trying until you take this curse away from me!" I shout down the hallway, only to receive weird stares in return.  As someone who is cursed with immortality, I am also cursed with the ability to see Death.

I walk out of the hospital, annoyed. I am almost out of wits at trying to pin Death down. It was not my fault that normal humans could interact with its robe. And it was certainly not my fault Death chose to wear nothing under those robes.

------------

*/r/dori_tales*