In a modern room lit in equal parts by sunlight pouring in the window and fluorescent light pouring off the ceiling, seven people sat in comfortable, rotating chairs.

On one side of the table sat a man with dark-green skin, by far the tallest person in the room, dressed in a clay-colored suit. To his right sat a stocky woman with callused hands and long, braided hair, who might have stood five feet tall. To her right, sat a much shorter man with wrinkled skin and curly grey hair that covered his ears, and who seemed very agile despite his age.

On the other side of the table sat a man with pale skin, pointed ears, and long, blonde hair. To his left sat a woman whose chair was backless to accommodate her insect-like wings, and who wore a thoughtful expression under her curly blue hair. To her left was the shortest person at the table, a woman with skin the color of healthy soil and a red, cone-shaped hat that tongue-in-cheek played into the stereotypes. 

At the head of the table stood the woman who'd proposed this meeting, standing slightly taller than the sitting orc, a confident expression filling her relatively rounded features. 

"Ladies and gentlemen of the Seven Races," she said, "I don't have to tell you that, historically, cooperation between our peoples has had...limited success. Especially between the magical races--" she indicated to the elf, faerie, and gnome, "--and the nonmagical races." She indicated to the orc, dwarf, halfling, and herself. "I'm here to tell you--all of you--that it's time to suck it up. The threats before us face our entire world, and no individual culture is going to win this alone. It's high past time we started merging our capabilities. A tactic which, you'll note, our enemies aren't afraid to use."

The elf raised an eyebrow. "I believe it was determined that the weapons used against cities so far were entirely non-magical in design. In fact, I believe the weapons were found to have used orcish technology."

"Technology they would never have been able to USE, let alone build, without knowledge of your magic," said the orc's deep, rumbling baritone. "Not to mention the fact that they planned their attacks and chose their targets using divinations."

The gnome rolled her eyes. "Sure, divinations and Mage hands. That sort of power is totally the same as incendiary bombs."

"You act like technological weapons were handed over willingly." Said the dwarf. "We all know that our enemies never asked for anything, or pretended to be our friends. They only take by force."

"Perhaps," the faerie said icily, "If you had not been making items that perverted that will of nature, that could only CORRUPT and DESTROY--"

The halfling knocked his hand on the table. 

It was a small noise, but the talking stopped. "I think," the old man said slowly, "we should listen to the rest of what Ms. Candassje has to say."

The human at the head of the table looked gratefully at the halfling. "Thank you, Mr. Brook. As I was saying, the fight we are in is clearly already a battle of technology and magic both. Magic has a way of expanding capabilities, and has extreme defensive potential. Technology tends to multiply force to whatever extreme is needed, and makes communication effortless. I propose that we don't allow the dragons to be the only ones to use the best of both worlds. I propose..." She picked up a remote and pointed it at a projector in the wall, "This."

An image appeared above the table.

Six faces looked shocked.

The gnome pointed three fingers at the image and said a word that no one else in the room could have pronounced. "It's not an illusion," she said breathlessly.

"It's a hologram, Ms. Wednesday." Said the human. "New technology. Just had the projector installed this morning, in fact."

"But this...leviathan..." The elf said, "It cannot possibly be...possible...to build such a thing."

"I'm afraid I have to agree..." The orc said, in equal shock. "I know of exoskeletons and mech suits, but this...is the scale off by a decimal point? Or five?"

"I've spoken with many, many engineers," the human said, smiling. "Both magical and technological. I can assure you, if we cooperate, this--Leviathan, as you called it--is well within our reach, and it can be built before the dragons are expected to launch another attack. 
"Hydraulics will give it strength. Conjurations will bind it together. Nuclear fusion will give it power. Divination will give it guidance. Smart-devices will keep its crew communicating, acting as one. Abjurations will ensure it never falls. And so on. The ultimate expression of magical and nonmagical cooperation. This," she paused, "will redefine what it means to be a warrior, an army, a people. This will prove, to ourselves and to every creature in the multiverse, that when the time comes, when we are under threat, we cannot be divided. That the Hominids of Earth can and WILL stand together for common cause!"

There was silence for a moment as everyone in the room held their breath in awe.

"Well, I'm convinced." Said the faerie.

"I would also be willing to put my weight behind this project." Said the elf.

"You had me at 'giant robot.'" Said the gnome.

"You have my support," said the orc, "and my parliamentary resolutions."

"And my acts," said the dwarf, "assuming I can convince my Congress to approve them."

"Naturally," said the orc. 

All eyes now turned to the halfling, who was wearing a concerned expression.

"It has been a long time," he mused, "since I was a young traveller. Perhaps more has changed than I thought." Then he grinned and said, "I think I would feel sorry to be a dragon right about now."