"What? I don't...I..." I stared at disbelief. Seriously, if I told you my car could change itself to accommodate me to the best that it can for whatever remains on the road, you wouldn't believe me. My normal wake up schedule for the work day is get up at four A.M, take a shower and do...other hygienic nuances while in the shower. Then its just put on the same blue uniform that I always do, make breakfast if I have the time. But watch TV for the news to see what's in store? Sorry, that isn't me.

Now when I tell you that my simple grey Toyota Corolla, is now a six ton tank, with the same color scheme and manufacture badge, I'd sympathize with you that you wouldn't believe me. When I tell you that I can't drive a tank, I know you'll believe me. Seriously, why does a tank have six pedals if there are only four directions. Also when I tell you that I've driven the tank straight into the garage doors, please don't laugh.

"So, if this one is forward, this must be..." The engine cranked over loudly, making a sputtering noise in the process. I forgot the tank is a stick, and the driveshaft just took a beating. "There we go! Now we're making progress! This is great!" The streets were clear so far, as they always were at five in the morning. Nothing seemed out of place either. Entering town was easy, no places had their windows or doors boarded up, getting into base was as easy as swiping my card.

"Really man, a tank this time? What could your car possibly think would happen today?" My superior had said mockingly. God I hate him, so tall but scrawny, always with one hand in his pocket and his coffee mug in another. Always complaining the Chief anchor on his collar was "so heavy" that he couldn't help with work. One day I'll out rank him, but that's for another time, right now I have my watch to do.

There was proof of what my car does, and the government took it for studying, but all that came back was that it was a normal car. My peers all know that my car transform, it's really no surprise. Hell we even had a little fun and drove it into the water. Damned thing became a boat before you could say "Oops"! But towards the end of my watch, I saw something horrifying on the video screen that had the cameras view on base.

"When I tell you the event happened in the course of a day, I hope you believe me. When I tell you the tank was to protect me from the zombies, I hope you trust me enough to come with me if you want to live. When I tell you to save your bullets, I hope you believe me when I also say that nothing can kill these things. Not even my tank. They just put themselves back together and get back up. This is the Operation Specialist, hoping anyone is out there."