“What do you mean?” I asked knowing full well what she meant. 

“I chose today,” she whimpered, “I’ve lived it, over and over again. I can’t save you!” 

“It’s ok,” I said laying my arm across her shoulders, she always looked so cute when she was sad, “I love you. You can keep trying to save me if you want, but know I’ll always love you.” 

She just said nothing as she laid her head on my shoulders and we cried together. Even in tears her eyes shown with a hope and love that overwhelmed me. *This would be a good way to die,* I thought to myself as I felt a poison flood through my system. 

I would be dead in a few seconds. 

As I felt my mind and body slip away, I saw the light again. Such a nice way to die. Suicide in your girlfriend’s arms, over and over and over again. She obviously couldn’t know it was a suicide. She’s not as cute when she’s mad. 

I’m glad I chose this day, and I’m glad she did too. It’s beautiful, you know, like watching the most cinematic film on repeat, and you’re the main character who dies at the end, but just like in a movie, no one really dies, so where’s the harm in it. 

I’m so glad my girlfriend chose this day! Of course she didn’t have to and everything would work out fine, but now, we get to live it together. And the best part, oh I haven’t even described the best part, she doesn’t know! 

Every day she wakes up and her dread and sadness compounds on her dread and sadness from yesterday! She looks so lovely when she’s sad. Of course I know she can’t stop me from eating that poison yesterday that takes 24 hours to activate, but she’ll keep trying to figure out where I get the poison from. It’s funny if she would have come a day later or early should would have known how I got the poison, but now we’re here.  

I wonder what will be new today, maybe she’ll buy herself another new dress and take me out to an even fancier restaurant, just to celebrate my death. Oh my, I’m getting giddy just thinking about it. She looks so cute when she’s sad! 

I suppose I’ll take that antidote soon, maybe just a few hundred more times around. 