She sat in the chair in front of the desk waiting, repeating her mission and plan over and over in her head. Get a job at Dahlsym Tech\-Global, work within R&D long enough to gain access to upcoming product designs. Her company had sent her on the most insane act of Corporate Espionage in all of time. She began to recite her canned interview questions and backstory, when suddenly the door opened. 

"Alright Ms. Carlyle it's very nice to finally meet you!" The CEO said walking to his desk, not looking up from his clipboard as he sat down. 

"As you are aware we are always looking for-"' 

He looked up and immediately went silent. Carlyle's heart stopped! Her cover was blown before she could even establish it. She recognized that face immediately. 

"Oh for Christ sake, of all people!" 
He said, exasperated.

 She chuckled

 "Well you've been busy, Dante! Nice Skyscraper!" She quipped. "I haven't seen you since the 10's when you were in college again". 

"Yeah I like the view. What's your angle!" 

Dante said sharply. 

"How do you know I'm working an angle maybe I just wanted to see you!" 

she said grinning ear to ear. "

When we were dating you told me what you did for Corvus Research besides a time traveling guinea pig" he said.

 "That was just part time, I swear."Carlyle laughed. 

 A grin spread across his face. and put his feet up on the desk

 "Wow someones playing the long game. So are you trying to steal back the stuff I beat you to at Tesla". 

Carlyle didn't even have a response, he already knew.

 "...no we want your jump technology.". 

"Well it's good to know this project is gonna work out. How long are you staying?" Dante said. 

"About thirty years. The company developed a way to reverse the aging along with my pay" Carlyle said smiling.

 Dante said"Oh so thats how you dont waste your life. well I'm gonna hit this button and security drones will escort you out. What do you say we pick up where we left off over drinks and sushi on Tuesday?"

"Sounds Great" 