I’ve been around since biblical times. The modern world seems to think god is just an illusion something made up in the mind of dome ancient man wanting to make more sense of the world. Well I can say that god does exist and he has cursed me with immortality at first I found the power amusing and helpful living doing what ever I wanted never caring about the consequence of  my actions.

As the years past I saw my friends age have families but me I was alone. I knew I couldn’t have a family or love someone as my curse would then leave me in abandon wanting for the sweet release of death. A the years past and made a list of people who have wronged me.  I knew I would out live them so instead I became death watching them grow ad then killing their family. 

I repeated this mundane task for centuries until the 21st century. My first target was a man called Donald Trump. He was a madman a killer a worse man than me he hit his family and did unspeakable things to his daughter. When I found out he was going to become the president at my first chance I would kill him so when I drew my weapon an officer caught me and arrested me for attempted murder. After a prolonged trial I was charged with the murder of 50 people. Yes in the 21st century I was known as the Prophet. A man who used the biblical punishments to kill people. The judged then sentenced me to life. After years and years of sitting in a cell never seeing the outside world. 

As time progressed I realised that the guards were suspicious how I’ve lived for 90 years. I suspect they’ve realised I’m immortal. This is bad I cant be discovered I quickly used the escape I’ve been constructing since the day I entered this prison. I ran quickly but I couldn’t escape. They shot me millions of times with their pathetic weapons. Then their leader Kin Jong Un put me in a rocket and shot me towards Pluto and sent me 4.22 light years to Alpha Centauri. They left me with nothing but a machine that I use to track my progress as well as something to keep me entertained. I am half way their and I cant wait because the second I get back to earth every single person will be dead while I laugh.