There were no screams when I entered Hell. I was shocked, having been raised in a Christian family, but there were no sounds of people being tortured, no crackling of the insane demons who resided in the pits of Hell. 

The only sound I was the sound of a harmonica, playing a very blues-esc tune. I did what was natural to a person in an unfamiliar landscape- I followed the sound. 

It walked for what felt like hours searching for the source of the music. Through lakes of fire and fields of brimstone I traveled before finally seeing who- or what- was playing the harmonica. I thought I was prepared for anything. 

I was not prepared to see Satan, the King of Babylon himself, playing the harmonica whilst looking miserable. 

He had noticed me almost immediately, and stopped playing.

"Why are you still here?" He had asked, his voice filled with sadness and.. something else. Was it anger? Hatred? I couldn't tell. 

"What do you mean? This is Hell, where the sinners go for eternal damnation. I can't leave," I replied, staring at him. I quickly jumped back when I realized that I was having a civil conversation with the Evil One. 

Satan sighed, and the harmonica burned to a crisp, as though it were made out of paper. "You've noticed it, haven't you? The lack of screaming, the terrifying silence, the *emptyness*. People- and demons- have been leaving here, escaping their eternal punishment, all due to Him offering them salvation, even after thousands of years of sins and punishment. He updated his rules, just because of His son's return to Earth," he pauses, looking out over the fields formerly filled with scores of tortured souls. 

"So you are saying that I am free to go to Heaven, despite having committed the horrid crimes that I have?"

He nods, looking at me. "You aren't even supposed to be in here for that. What you did was self defense. The suicide afterwards is what sent you here, but yes, mortal. You may leave. All you must do is pray towards Him. It will burn, but you will be immortalized in Heaven. No leave- I will be practicing my harmonica," at this point, he sounded downright miserable. 

I felt bad for the devil. I pitied Lucifer, and I shouldn't. I should fear him, but he sounds so *broken*. Millennia of watching over the worst people that the Earth has known, undone due to a change of God's Terms of Service. I made a decision that would define me for eternity.

"I have a question for you, Abaddon,"

He looks at me, surprised at either being addressed directly by a mortal, or being called by his Hebrew name.

"You play harmonica, but, according to an old bluegrass song, you played the fiddle. Is that true?"

He laughed, grinning. "Well, seems like that old contest with Johnny is famous after all. I understand that you played the fiddle when you were among the mortal plane?"

I nodded. "You could probably teach me a few things though. The question is, will you?"

"Of course I will. Beware though- this training will put you through Hell," he laughed, crafting two violins out of the fire surrounding us.

"It's a good thing that I'm already there then, right?"

And then we played.

