Hidden in space-thick, as humans would know to call it in 830 years, two high spectrum semi-intelligent colony aggregates spectated human history through a light beading-apparatus. Homo sapiens, blissfully unaware of its clandestine observers, plodded through time slowly and clumsily. The duo sensed closely. They communicated their findings in a "cross-feeling" that the humans would come to discover and understand one day, to the alien races' surprise. 

"They are initiating vertical knowledge transfer. Really early now, but I expect rapid growth of information because of this." Alien 1. 

"Affirmative." Alien 2. 

"Biomass evaluation at 20% standard hereditary potential. Early lag phase population growth sustained for 3 oirons now. I'm wondering when they're going to spike, guesses?" Alien 1 questioned. 

A long pause. "Unpredictable," Alien 2 responded. "Feel their basic physiology. They have not even left lag and are barely aggregating, but conflicts are making it impossible for an exponential setup. It is as if they are resistant to improvement." 

"You and your idealism. I thought you bound to this duty to appreciate the diversity of semi-intelligence, not to scrutinize it." Alien 1.

"Almost the same thing." Alien 2 responded. This was not a gesture of wit, for asexual beings such as this were physiologically exempt from these things as their genesis did not require them. Yet, almost invariably there was a sense of humor, or some mechanism of irony or mishap. Alien 1 found that there was something sharp in what Alien 2 communicated. 

(Try to think, reader, of a language so specific it was as if every synonym of every word that we use so flexibly today has its own specific meaning, so that context is always preserved in the passing of information. Then think even harder of using this language by feeling with hundreds of sensitive hands coated in feeling bacteria (endogenous of course to the aliens' home system), which conjugate and pass information at relatively incredible speeds to the aliens' neural networks. This is akin to what we fear artificial intelligence will become in the present day - instantaneous communicators that will far outpace us. The aliens' conversations themselves occurred in fractions of a second. But this was matched by the passing of human history in the observational equipment at ten million times normal human perception speed. For the aliens, it was a comfortable pace and they could speed it up or slow it down at will.) 

"I disagree, but we shall not debate over the subject." Alien 1. "Some civilization now, agriculture. Of course, some cultural development with the accumulation of resource centers. The societal hierarchies are a little deviant, but that is to be expected from a species driven by instinct. But what is this?" 

The Sumerians had built weapons, domesticated horses, and used them both to attack another human population, the Elam. The Sumerians slaughtered them, claimed their weapons and property, and extended their domain to that land. The aliens were not baffled by war; it was a reasonable die or survive response to overpopulation. Alien 2 found nothing significant in the event. 

"This can only be due to societal pressure due to expansion. They're a war species, so they probably won't proliferate much more. Though it is premature, I predict that this semi-intelligence will not reach an exponential phase." Alien 2.

"The locales of the conflicts. They are far apart. How can you say that this is pressure of expansion that causes the war?" Alien 1. 

"Because, look. Society is at 200% biomass of SHP. It's increasing slowly at this point but it is almost directly proportional is the rate of armed conflict." Alien 2. 

"Only certain societies are warring. They seem to divide by nationality." Alien 1. 

"It has been established how erratic their behavior is." 

"Yes." 

"And they are still in the lag phase. After 38 oirons now."

"Yes." 

A short pause. "Then let us collect more data if you are so curious."

Wars continued. Little else occurred that the aliens could not explain. But Alien 1 was seeing a trend that Alien 2 was not. Preceding wars, civilizations would push to advance technologies to defend themselves. Then, the war would occur, leaving behind many deaths. From the victor came the evolved technology, the new land, and a more consolidated people. But then, due to threat of war, this briefly large society would fragment into nationalistic, smaller ones with more effective people. It was as if the wars were not occurring as a defense mechanism or a population control response, but a very inefficient means for stimulating progress. 

As soon as the 19th and 20th century arrived, the light-beading apparatus was slowed about 20x for more specific viewing. Alien 2 had been wrong. Population skyrocketed. Wars and diplomatic conflicts transformed national boundaries. The rate of industrial improvement was impressive even to Alien 2, based off of the last 50 oirons (about 18,000 years) of relative population and technological stagnation. 

Alien 1 was justified in its postulate about human wars. The industrial revolution and many inventions of the 20th century had been greatly impacted by the real threat of war everywhere. Pressures to improve society at the nationalist level brought groups of people together to solve problems that had positive ramifications outside of warfare. Alien 1 communicated this to Alien 2. 

"This isn't really a war species at all. Even though it is a defining characteristic necessary to its development." Alien 1 concluded. "It is a semi-intelligence that simply tries to improve itself and is not afraid of death." 

"Is it a threat to us?" 

"No. But I don't think they will destroy themselves so give them a few thousand years and they might be." 
 