The date was going well, I was pretty sure I was going to get lucky tonight. I listened as Staci talked about her day, her blue eyes shining in the dim light when the doors were torn open by a colossal gust of wind and my heart leapt into my throat.

He strode in wearing violet robes and a crown of gold and velvet nearly two feet tall, and guy liner in that Egyptian style. It was him. The Purple Baron, Duke of Yankeshire, Conquorer of That One Starbucks in Pasadena, Who Slew a Freeway in Germany, Who Once Had Beer On the Moon, Who Controls the Very Fabric of Reality, Dennis the Third.

Yes, that is his full title. Yes, he insists people use it. Yes. People use it.

He announced himself loudly to the hostess, who shrank before him. "I" he declared "am The Purple Baron, Duke of Yankeshire, Conquorer of That One Starbucks in Pasadena, Who Slew a Freeway in Germany, Who Once Had Beer On the Moon, Who Controls the Very Fabric of Reality, Dennis the Third. Table for two, please."

She struggled to find her composure and he waited patiently, eventually she grabbed two menus and said "right this wa..."

"Haha, no, I don't think I'll wait. I'll have a table now."

There was a pause. "Of course sir. Right this way, sir."

"Please," he said, his voice booming, "don't call me sir. Sir The Purple Baron was my father. Hahaha." His date, Enchantress, clung to his arm and chuckled politely.

I narrowed my eyes. Enchantress was Staci's arch nemesis. She would be recognized. Dennis didn't have an arch nemesis. He was far, far too powerful. Even I, Electric Barrister would be nothing more than a mild inconvenience for him. Emphasis on mild. I was a housefly to his Hercules.

They were seated, thankfully with Enchantress' back towards us. We dare not draw attention to ourselves. A server came to their table, looking rather nervous. "I would like to begin with the appetizer sampler" he announced. The server was a little frazzled and wrote it down. "At the happy hour price."

The server said something and Dennis stood. He was actually a little shorter than the server, but seemed to tower over him. "What!?" He shouted, the walls trembled. "My watch says it's 6:27! How can happy hour be over!?" There was a quiet reply. "Unacceptable!" And he reached out a hand. I almost couldn't bear to watch after the stories I had heard...

Nothing. He sat back down. "I believe you'll find it is still happy hour," he said, pointing. The clock on the wall now read 5:23. Oh. I had expected something more... violent.

The waiter bowed and left. Enchantress stretched and to my horror turned around. With a wicked smile she stood and made her way to our table. "Well, if it isn't Siren's Song. Don't worry, I'm here with him. It will be over quickly." She sashayed back to her own table.

Shit. What could we do? Run? There was no way...

"Yes, I know. I recognized her with Electric Barrister." He waved to us. "I think I'll buy them a drink." Enchantress hissed something at him, and he shook his head. "Why would I do that? That's absurd! Haha!" He stood and made his way to our table, sliding in besides Staci. "Pleasure to meet you in person, Electric Barrister. I am The Purple Baron, Duke of Yankeshire, Conquorer of That One Starbucks in Pasadena, Who Slew a Freeway in Germany, Who Once Had Beer On the Moon, Who Controls the Very Fabric of Reality, Dennis the Third and will be joining you for a double date! Huzzah!"

I opened my mouth to object, and Staci furiously shook her head no. "Oh. Ok." I managed weakly. Staci looked relieved. Enchantress fumed as she made her way over.

Tensions were high at the table as food and drink came pouring in. Dennis seemed to be the only one enjoying himself, oblivious to anyone else's discomfort. Staci and Enchantress shot dirty looks and back handed compliments at one another the entire time, and I did my very best to keep conversation light and fun.

Eventually Staci excused herself to go to the restroom. Enchantress immediately stood and followed, leaving Dennis and I alone at the table. He looked around and lowered his voice, leaning in conspiratorially. "Dude. You are so cool. Siren's Song is super into you, but nothing I do impresses Enchantress. What do I do?"

Uh.

I had not expected that. My mind worked furiously for a few minutes and I started speaking. "First thing is lose the outfit. Yeah it's great for villainy, but who goes out to eat in costume?"

"But how else will people know who I am?"

There were children in the Third world who didn't have access to clean water who knew his face. "I don't think you have to worry about that." I said, and continued, "and then you use your full title every time you introduce yourself. And you insist everyone call you by it. I mean, really, do you make her use it in the bedroom?"

He looked embarassed. "Uh..."

"You haven't slept with her?" Huh. Enchantress was known to be easy. Kind of the Hero League bicycle. "That's ok. Perfectly normal." I coughed. "Well, maybe you should try to loosen up. Does anyone call you just Dennis?"

His eyes flashed with anger and it was gone just as fast. "Only my mom."

"Well, why don't you try letting your friends call you Dennis? In private, of course. It'll help people relax around you." He considered my words carefully. I continued "man, and I'm not sure if Enchantress is right for you anyway. She is more of the power hungry type, and you just... don't like to wait in line."

He seemed puzzled, and his eyes went wide. "She's always saying we should steal the world's gold, or all of the whales, or New Zealand. You don't think... you don't think she's trying to use me for my power, do you?"

I tried to defer the question but he caught on. "Why, that's downright cruel!"

"Don't get too upset man, manipulation is kinda what she's known for."

"My innocent little enchantress?"

Oh fuck. "About that..."

"The rumors are true?"

"Look, I can't say for sure, but Cherry Tree never lies and she said..." His face darkened. "Look man, there are a lot of girls out there who would really appreciate you for who you are as a person, not just for your powers. Maybe you should let your personality show a little more, rather than be all power and bravado."

"Are you sure? Women would like me if I acted like myself?"

"Not all women, of course, but the kind of lady you're after would, yeah."

He continued to consider this for a moment, his face growing more and more serious. I let him consider. The girls came back, bickering. He stood, his voice booming. "Enchantress!" The walls nearly fell from the vibrations. "You are a mean spirited manipulative woman and I am officially breaking up with you. Please do not contact me again. I don't want to see you any more, so have fun in France." He waved his hand and she vanished with a pop. He sighed and sat back down. "Well I have had a lovely dinner. Thank you very much for your kind words, Electric Barrister. You have found yourself a wonderful man, Siren's Song. We should get together again soon! And please, the two of you, call me Dennis!"

He sprang to his feet and conjured a briefcase from thin air, pulling out stacks of cash. "I believe this should cover the bill. Tell our server to keep the change." It was easily sixty grand that he left on the table. He stopped by the hostess and his voice echoed again, "Minerva, your name is almost as lovely as you are. Tell me, do you have super powers?" She shook her head, "a boyfriend?" She shook her head again. "Then may I invite you to dinner? I promise not to send you to another country if things don't go well." She nodded and wrote something on a business card.

"Thank you very kindly!" He ran into the parking lot and I watched him crouch down through the glass doors, then launched into the sky on a hundred foot column of flame.

All eyes were on me. Someone spoke up from the bar, "did... did Electric Barrister just defeat The Purple Baron?"

Cheers. Applause. Staci gave me the most seductive look I'd ever received.

That was years ago, now. I know what you're thinking, and yes, I totally got laid that night. Repeatedly.

Staci and I are now married, and in a few hour Dennis and Minerva will tie the knot themselves. He's come a long way since then, and I'm his best man. Minerva is just about the coolest girl you'd ever meet, and helps keep Dennis grounded. She's a perfect match for him, and I know they'll have a long, happy life.

As for Enchantress? She landed in France, in a water purification plant, specifically in the stuff that was filtered out of the sewage system. She's gone in and out of one of those hyper secure super villian facilities and tried to go after Dennis by way of Minerva.

We don't talk about what happened to her.

As for me? Hey, I'm pretty famous, and I look pretty sharp today in my best man tux.


_______

Like my writing? Check out /r/jsgunn for more.