The young man \(no longer a boy, the village elders had told him\) climbed the last of the 7,777 steps and paused to rest. He would need it for the fight. He sat atop the ruined head of an ancient statue, split by time and the many vines growing through the cracks. The young man didn’t recognize which god it might be, but they must have been pretty important to have a statue at the top of the mountain. 

From this vantage point he could see all the way down the emerald slopes, to the misty valley where his village sat. Beyond it was the great river, and beyond that were more villages, and more mountains. None of the latter were anywhere near as great as the mountain of gods, however. It towered over the valley, over all the land, its temple carved out of the peak where it had honored the gods for eons.

Until the Old Worm had corrupted it and tormented the people. Now it crouched inside, a carrion king over a rotted husk, the dark master of the land and its people. Until today.

The young man took a drink from the water\-skin at his side and examined his sword. It had been blessed by the oldest priest, a powerful weapon against the dark. And he, the chosen man, would wield it against the Old Worm.  They had told him since he was old enough to walk that he had been born under a sign, a symbol from the heavens. 

He was ordained to end the tyranny that gripped the valley. His parents had told him, been so proud. The village elders had all thanked him every day as he trained, meditated, and prayed. 

He was ready. The priest had claimed it was so, said he had read the stars and the entrails of a fat goat. I was the will of the gods, and there would be only victory today.

But the young man had to be brave. There could be no doubt, no hesitation. He got to his feet with a sigh, and approached the monolithic stone doors. The seven stone faces in the door all moved as he approached to stare at him with eyes of marble and slate and granite. The young man \(but when those great stone faces moved he felt like a boy once again\), gripped the sword at his side and began to unsheathe it.

“Hast thou come for the blood of the Old Worm?” one of the faces asked, in a voice of rattling gravel.

“I have,” the young man said.

“Then thou may enter,” another face said and the great doors cracked open. Dust sifted down between them, pale white against the blackness within. The young man withdrew his sword, took a deep breath, and entered. The doors rumbled closed behind him as soon as he was across the threshold. For an instant, he wanted to dash out and all the way back down the stairs. But that was the thought of a boy, and not a young man. He bit his lip and continued into the ancient temple.

It was not entirely dark within the old structure: cracks in the vaulted domed ceilings made by curious vines sent slivers of silvery daylight into the darkness. They illuminated statues of the old gods, their features worn smooth by time, faces forgotten and indistinct. Pale branches and small rounded boulders littered the sides of the vast hallway, and the young man winced as one cracked under his sandal. 

The sound echoed back, back into the darkness ahead of him.  Another sound followed it: a furtive skittering noise, a rapid tapping of thousands of tiny hard points across stone. The young man pointed his sword ahead of him, an automatic response that had been drilled into him over years of practice.

“Come out, Worm,” he said, his voice strong, deep. It was a man’s voice, brave beyond his meager years.

“Of course,” something replied. It was calm, smooth, neither masculine nor feminine. The young man stood at the edge of a vast rotunda, almost entirely shrouded in shadow, until something moved. 

A vast serpentine shape unwound itself from the top of a central column, near the roof. As it did, it exposed several more cracks and holes in the ceiling and light flooded into the chamber. The serpentine shape skittered down the central column on thousands and thousands of tiny legs, its movements elegant and swift despite it size.

The Old Worm was perhaps as long as the great river, and almost as wide. It reared up before the young man, a disturbingly human face in the center of its head. It was a pale face, bone white and rounded, almost cheerful. It had four eyes, all of them bright as polished obsidian, and a huge smiling gash of a mouth with thin red lips. A pair of stick\-like arms unfolded from the underside of the Old Worm, from among its thousands of legs, and spread wide in a gesture of welcome to the young man.

“I’m so pleased to see you,” the Old Worm said. The young man steadied his knocking knees, clenched his roiling stomach, and kept his sword between him and the carrion king of the mountain. 

“I have been sent by the old gods to kill you!” the young man said. The Old Worm smiled wide.

“Calling the gods old implies they are still alive, young one,” the Worm replied. “They are dead, and this is their tomb.”

“You lie,” the young man snapped. “And I will prove it by cutting you open!”

“Then you would see the truth. I think there might be some of their bones in my belly, still, even after all these ages,” the Worm said and chuckled. “Go on. Do it.”

The young man jumped back as the Old Worm settled onto its side and exposed its under belly. It stared at him, smiled, and waited. The young man didn’t hesitate. He didn’t understand why the Old Worm was being so casual about this, but he didn’t care. He lunged.

The sword broke. 

It snapped with a clear metallic clang and spun over the young man’s shoulder where it clattered to the floor. The young man was too stunned to react at first. It was a blessed weapon. It should have cleaved through the Old Worm with ease, laid the hateful demon open to writhe and die in agony. 

The young man jumped back and stared between his broken blade and the Old Worm. Was it him? Had he lost faith? No. Not for a second, not in all his years of his parents, the elders, the priests, telling him that he was special. 

“I know,” the Worm said and sighed. “Disappointing, yes?” It reached out with one of its skinny arms, its slender fingers plucking the broken weapon from the young man’s hand in a way that was almost dainty, then tossing it away.

“How? I was chosen,” the young man said. His shock gave way to fear. He was locked in here with the Old Worm. His weapon useless and broken. But maybe still, if he had faith, he could do it.

“You were,” the Worm said. “Because I chose you. As I have chosen so, so many others.” It gestured at the sides of the rotunda and the hallway behind them. The pale branches and the rounded stones were neither: they were bones and skulls. Tiny ribs, petite femurs, diminutive skulls. He hadn’t snapped a twig, he had broken some long dead child’s arm. 

“I have to admit, it’s getting a bit dull, but as I said, the remains of the old gods are almost gone, and I hunger,” the Worm said. “And there is nothing so satisfying as your despair.”

“I\-I don’t…” the boy \(no longer a man, despite what the village elders had told him\) said and tears spilled down his cheeks.

“Yes you do,” the Worm said and grinned. It exposed hundreds of sharp fangs as it did, stained pink from generations of blood spilled across them. “You know. It was a lie. Your parents knew you were nothing but cattle from the day of your birth, when the priest brought you to me. Raise him with hope, I said, and when he is bursting with it, send him to me, so I may feast on his despair.”

The boy slumped to his knees before the Old Worm, who had risen over him. 

“It’s not true,” the boy said.

“You already know that it is.”

The boy buried his face in his hands and wept.

“You don’t want to try praying? Take another swing, maybe?” the Worm asked.

The boy shook his head. “Just do it.”

“There it is,” the Worm said and pulled the boy up off his feet, toward its mouth. “Despair worth waiting for.”

Despite the boy’s diminutive size, his anguish was a deep, vast well that the Old Worm feasted on late into the night. When it was done, when the screams had quieted, there was a knock at the stone doors.

“Enter,” the Old Worm said. The priest from the village entered and bowed low.

“There are four pregnancies in the valley,” the priest said.

“Mm,” the Old Worm grunted. “And beyond the valley?”

“I’ve already sent pilgrims, to check.”

“Good. Bring the little dears to me when they are born, and we’ll begin again. Rest well, knowing that the last of the gods protects your valley, priest.”

“Thank you, my lord,” the priest said and bowed before he left. The Old worm scrabbled back up to the top of the central column, winding its body into tight coils and resting its head on its own back. It was always sleepy after a good meal. 