I blink a few times. It's one of those things i never understood and yet i'm doing it. Brain sends signals to the eyes when you absolutely can not believe what you're seeing. Blink and maybe your vision will clear. Nope. 

He's right there just standing in the doorway with a confused look on his face. That's when it really hit me, i couldn't help saying it "My god..." i trailed off and after a moment of silence i picked up "You don't even know who i am, do you?" The man, my father chuckled a little and said "I think there's been some kind of mistake, i just ran out to buy milk you see, and uh." He squinted at me as if he was really starting to absorb the situation, or maybe some part of him deep down was trying to see me for who i was, but he couldn't make the connection so he went on "My wife and son are here..." It wasn't a question but i could hear the subtle wavering in his voice. I swallowed hard. Another thing i never really understood and here i am doing it. Right before i spoke it dawned on me, i'm older than he is now. "Dad... she died." 

It hung in the air. In silence. In the house he now started to really SEE and it was different. Cobwebs littered the stairwell and i followed his gaze, to the piles of books and the dust, the old buckets under leaks and a thousand other things that existed as the result of my not being able to let go. After dad left it was just me and mom, after mom got sick i kept the house, another thing i never understood. A reminder of her, or did i know deep down he was coming back? I was half expecting him to cry out that i'm not his son, that it isn't real, but he seemed to be so intensely crushed and shocked, he had no choice but to believe me.


Eventually i remark "Well, you did get the milk". I was trying to be funny but it would have been strange if he'd laughed. So we just stood there in a melancholy sort of tension, my 30 year old father standing in the doorway with a carton of milk looking shell shocked and me, a withered old man of nearly 60 with knees to arthritic to climb the stairs of our family home. 

Eventually dad asked the question: "How'd she go?"

I took a deep breath. It'd been many years now, i'd made my peace with it but this was all new to him. "Cancer". 

After a moment to let him absorb the news i asked my question: "What the hell happened?" 

"I- I went out for milk" Then he slumped down against the door and began to cry. I sat next to him and shed a tear, not for me, i'd lived my life. I never did let go of the house but that doesn't mean i never left. Him, though? He'd missed his entire life and was about to be thrust into a brand new world. Only that didn't matter so much to me, right now. Weird as it sounds, in this moment some part of me was a kid again and i was just happy to see my dad. We hugged while he mourned his wife, and his son, and his life. It wouldn't go back to the way it was, but for just a moment as he accepted that everything he ever known was gone i got to feel like everything i'd lost was back.

I take the milk and put it in the fridge, he goes upstairs to his bedroom which has been empty for year now. I don't bother trying to tell him that, though. He'd probably still go anyway. The real irony here is that the next morning i didn't hear him. I figured he'd come down for breakfast, or to talk, or maybe for some milk. He didn't. Finally at around noon i worked up the energy to climb the stairs and once i reached his room i found nothing other than a note on the floor. It read, "I'm sorry, i can't."

I sighed, smiled to myself, and made my way back down stairs. To tell you the truth i was more worried about him than me, here he was in a brand new world he didn't recognize, all on his own. His wife he'd only just seen a few moments ago was dead and his only son was geriatric. If i was him i'd probably have left too. 

I sat down on the couch with a groan and looked around. For me, this place was so much more than a childhood home. I picked up the phone excitedly and dialed my son, he answered and i said, grinning like a madman: "boy you'll never believe who i saw today!" 