I hate this job. 

Two thankless years pandering to the whims of a boss who still can't remember my name and calls me Jimmy. My name is Jonathan. It's Jonathan! 

But I'm spineless. I can't face up to his authoritative and domineering personality and honestly, he plain scares the shit out of me. 

I'm so done with this job... done, done, do....

Fuck! My eyes sear with pain abruptly. I can't see anything bar a blinding light. A feeling of weightlessness washes over my body and I hit the ground. It wasn't cheap carpet like I'd expect falling off of my chair at work.

It was stone. Cold, hard, unforgiving stone and it felt like my bones disintegrated against it. This sort of thing isn't normal... Am I having a stroke? Am I dying?

I open my eyes and my blurred vision clears. Two large eyes stare back. Big round poppy eyes that appear elated.

"Brungus, I think we're nearly there!" says the round face staring down at me. 

The roof is wooden and it looks like it's lit by an open fire somewhere.

"What do you mean nearly? How did we scrump this up again? I followed the formula in the book to the very letter!" 

There's moss growing on the stony walls, a musty smell like mould bombards my nostrils.

"Come have a look for yourself!" 

Why are they gawking at me? What's so damn interesting? Another pair of poppy eyes look over me. Why can't I move? Who the hell are these fuckin' freaks?

"Whpflups gwun ennnn? Pflteehh eemmm ehhh?"  I can't talk. Nothing but a flatulent noise erupts from my mouth as I try.

"Hmm, he's trying to speak, ugly-looking thing." His eyes look concerned yet irritated.

I try to call for help.

"Pflpelp plmeee, plfpleeees."

A harsh voice barks back, "Shut up will you! You disgust me!" 

"PflpOK." I stop trying to ask for help.

"You know, when we swiped this Tome of Demonology from the headmaster's personal library, I never would have thought summoning a denizen of hell to be quite so recalcitrant."

My heart is palpitating and I have that low blood pressure feeling, like when you get up too fast except, I'm not getting up. I'm stuck here on the stone floor listening to a pair of bug-eyed weirdos chat about who the fuck knows what.

"This... this one's, even more stomach wrenching than our last one... Send it back."

"Send it back? But this one could put us on the map Brungus!"

"Send it Back!" 

I hear a humming and a muttering from one of the freaks. Light flashes in my eyes again and I feel like I'm falling. Suddenly I hit the ground and this time it feels like cheap carpet which brings some small comfort, I'm home.

A shrill scream punctures my ears.

It's Tracy from accounting and it sounds like she's seen something awful. I realise that I still can't move. I look upwards and see Mark from the cubicle across as he starts to dry retch. 

"Somebody call an ambulance!"
"What the fuck is an ambulance going to do for him?"
"Just get help!!"

My body is completely without bones and I have the outward appearance of a dying jellyfish on a sea-shore.

My boss walks into my cubicle and berates me for taking a coffee break without asking and I apologize with a "pflthorry bothh".

I sigh internally. Spineless.
