The unfortunate truth is that I'd always wanted to be an adventurer. I'd loved adventure stories as a child and wanted nothing more than to wander the beautiful world I had learned so much about from dusty books, shelved for millennia in the hidden library I once called "home." I'd not known my parents, just the beautiful ghost that inhabited this place, known as “the librarian.” She'd taken care of me since I was small, which must have been very difficult, considering her etherial body. 

She was a wonderful caretaker, and taught me everything I needed, and instilled in me the desire to learn. She brought me food and water, and eventually showed me how to get those things myself. She taught me some magic, and how to defend myself. She taught me how to speak with others, though I'd rarely leave the library to visit the small town nearby. 

She never let me bring anyone back to the library, and always told me if anyone found out about it, she'd disappear, and I'd be left alone. And so I never told a soul. 

On my seventeenth birthday, she told me she was done teaching me, and that I was ready to save the world. I knew the day was coming. I was excited. She brought me to a secret chamber in the library, and introduced me to a few inanimate objects. 

I still wake up in a cold sweat from nightmares about meeting those idiots.

"Here, Dil, these are the ones that will help you in your endeavors! This is Siya," she pointed at the sword, "Fronk and Gordo," she pointed at the boots, "And..." She let out a sigh before gesturing half-heartedly at a small spellbook: "Betheld."

I looked up at her, confused. "Dil, you may not hear them now, but once they are equipped, you will be able to hear their souls. These are powerful magical items that will not leave your side until we defeat the great evil that threatens this realm."

"What about that shield?" I wondered, pointing out the item that didn't have a name. The librarian began to glow, and told me, "That, Dil, is where I will watch over you from."

I hesitated. Right then I realized, that she would be travelling with me. Don't get me wrong, I was excited to go, and the prophecy seemed cool, but I wasn't sure that I wanted this lady, who was kind of overprotective, attached at my hip. Seemed a bit sketchy.

The librarian then dove into the shield, and it glowed.

I shrugged it off, I'd figured it was more important to take on the burden of destroying whatever evil the librarian mentioned. I put on the boots, sheathed the sword, holstered the book and donned the shield. I felt so cool for a couple of seconds until--

"Oh! Oh shit! Oh shit what's going on--Fronk!" I jumped. The voice had come from nowhere-- "Holy FUCK! Gordo I have no idea!" I covered my ears, the voices were so loud. *What the fuck is going on, where are those voices coming from?!* 

"WOAH, WHO THE FUCK IS THAT?!" In my startled state, I whipped out the sword and held up the shield and opened my stance. Then, I briefly heard the librarian: "Dil? Dil calm down, it's okay they're just nervous to meet--"

"FRONK," the loud ones were back. "I THINK THIS GUY PUT US ON, I CAN HEAR DAPHNE'S VOICE IN MY HEAD!" 

"Oh, my God Gordo could you shut the fuck up for a second."

"OH GORDO, HEY! THAT SOUNDED LIKE SIYA!"

"Yes, it's me you idiot, now be quiet, I'm getting hangry, and you're excruciatingly loud."

I was mortified. I'd realized that these were the names of the magical items I'd just equipped. I immediately tried pulling the boots off, because if I remembered correctly, those two obnoxious cunts were Fronk and Gordo.

They wouldn't come off, instead I got complaints.

"Ow! Hey what the hell kid! Please CALM DOWN!" 

"SHUT THE FUCK UP!" I shrieked. They wouldn't come off.

*Oh no, please don't tell me I'm stuck with these things.* 

"Yeah kid, you're stuck with us. Better get used to it. Say, would you mind just... Uh.... Cutting off your finger real quick." 

What.

"SIYA!" This time it was the librarian again, "Don't you dare! He's our champion!" 

"Daph, look, I'm really hungry, and these stupid boot brothers are giving me a migraine."

*Oh God, you can read my thoughts?!* 

"Yeah kid, we can read em. Could we go kill some shit now please?"

I was scrambling, worried about if they'd be able to see the perverted shit I think about sometimes.

"DIL!"

*No, nononono please no.*

"YOU LITTLE PERVERT!" The librarian shouted.

*It's not my fault! You were the only girl I really knew this whole time!*

"Holy shit Daph, this kid really wants your--" 

"WOULD YOU PEASANTS BE SILENT, PLEASE?!" 

*Not another one.*

"Excuse you, plebian, but I am the exalted Betheld, master of all magic, and you are nothing more than a pebble on my path to greatness." 

*This one is pretty rude.*

"Silence, mortal!" Cried the spellbook. "If, and only if, you listen to my every command, I shall allow you to assist me on my quest for glory."

*Oh, okay. What do I do now*

"Put me down." I tried to set the spellbook down, but it wouldn't leave my hand.

*I can't.*

"Ah yes, that's because we haven't finished the quest."

*No shit.*

"Hah, gottem." laughed the sword.The boots chuckled as well.

"Bah, a folly! Alright mortal, pip pip, let's go kill the king of evil."

"Wait!" Cried Daphne the librarian, “We can’t just go kill him, Dil hasn’t trained in the— WHY ARE YOU THINKING ABOUT ME LIKE THAT AGAIN YOU PERVERTED CHILD,”

*I’m trying not to! But it’s hard when I can hear your voice right in my ear!*

“Sheesh, this kids got a dirty mind!" Exclaimed the sword.

"Oh dear, oh dear," started one of the boots. "Now our party is two cowards, a murderous sword, a busty bookworm--"

"Hey!"

"A pervert,"

*Hey!*

"And a viscous twat!"

The spellbook, enraged, bitched until sunrise.

And so, I set out on my journey to find a way to kill this fucking "king of evil" before I kill myself.