"Look Marsha, I'm not drunk. We don't need to spend the night at a random hotel!" The man said to his girlfriend. 


"Yes, you are."


"My driving was perfect!" They argued in the hotel parking lot. 


"We almost swerved into a tree in the middle of nowhere, Josh."


"It was a joke! I'm just buzzed. We can still get hours of driving done."


"Hey, you wanted a roadtrip from Montana to Florida instead of flying." Marsha said. "Then, you got bored driving and wanted to sample the local cuisine. All I wanted was a nice trip to Disneyland. "


"Yeah fine." They walked into a grand atrium with classy carpeting.  


The front desk looked like it was a solid piece of wood. Not the kind of thing you see at a random motel. They hit the bell and from behind a curtain came a man with curly hair and a stained sweater. He held a clipboard and the nametag said Harry.
"Welcome to the Hotel. Marsha and Josh?" He said. 


"Uhm... yeah that's us."


An older man wearing a cloak and top hat barged into the conversation. 


"Good sir, this is unforgivable. Where are your hay bales?"


"Pull up behind the hotel, you'll see the stables. " said Harry.


"Is there a costume party?" Marsha asked

"What kind of establishment doesn't have hay ready? I thought these were civilized times." The stranger mumbled on his way out. 


"Don't mind him, he just had an accident. There's always some party going on in the master room. Bar's on the other end of the main floor."


"Thanks. We'll just head to our rooms" she gave Josh a withering look. 


"Planned this ahead of time, didja?" Josh said. 


"No, I never called" Marsha was genuinely confused. She looked at the keys and suddenly jabbed Josh with them. 


"Ow dangit! What was that for?"


"Hotel California? We were going the opposite direction!"


"Maybe it's just a name?" It wasn't. "Ok, look Marsha, You go on upstairs and I'll figure out what happened."  

She was still pissed. 


"How about we'll take a plane there?"


"And the car?"


"Oh, forgot about that. We'll go to bed early and get a head start!" 


The woman gave him a look he affectionately called the stabby eyes. 


"We'll stay an extra day at Disneyland" He pleaded. 


After a few seconds she said "Mickey ears too."


"Come on, honey those things are expen-" the words stuck in his throat. "Ok, Mickey ears too". 


"Yay" Marsha said, as she stomped to their room. 


Now to figure out what happened. He could check the front desk, but he didn't want to bother Harry again. Totally reasonable to go to the bar. There'll be people there. While he's there, maybe Josh should get a glass of something.  Gotta blend in. 


A man was looking around outside the bar. He was wearing tight overalls covered in logos. Everything from cigarettes to wristwatches were advertised on him. 


"Hey, do you know how I got here?" The racer said. 


"Why are you asking me?"


"Don't know what happened, man. Was racing one moment, the next I woke up with my car parked here."


In the bar was only one guy in a trench coat, hunched over his glass. 


"Let's ask that guy" Josh said. 


It was a large area, full of glass tables. A nice warm fire burned by the bar. Bottles of champagne were plentiful, but no bartender. 


"Hey, buddy." They approached the third man. "I think we're lost, are we still in Wyoming?"


"Whoa there, Wyoming? I was in Nashville" the racer said. 


The seated man startled, then calmed down. "Sorry, I thought you were someone else."


"This Wyoming?" The racer asked again.  " Or Tennessee? Are we at the North pluckin' Pole here, mister?"


"What? No. I wish. Wait, is there deer at the North Pole?" 


"Hey, is there anyone else here?" Josh asked. 


"Yeah, there's someone else here. This place is haunted."


"Haunted?" they asked, skeptically. 


"By deer." 


"Whoever heard of being haunted by deer?" 


"All I know is, one day I'm driving 50 mph, minding my business then splat, the sucker with big antlers jumps from the bushes. Those horns get stuck in my  steering wheel and we veer into a tree. "


"Somehow" he continued "I  get here, and the damn deer keeps following me. He's in the windows, he finds his way through the hallway. I swear one time about 20 years ago the sucker broke through the bathroom door while I was on the toilet". 


"Wait, 20 years?" 


"Yeah, can you believe it? Damn deer won't leave me alone since I got here. It's been 50 years since. Oh no. There he is." The deer made its way through the back of the bar and was looking right at them. 


The man bolted upstairs, buck in pursuit.


"Did that wild animal get in here again?" Harry yelled from the front desk. "Let me get the dog to chase him out" 


"Wait wait wait" Josh yelled after him. "Just where in the heck are we?"


"Heck? You see anyone torturing you? Nah, this is just the plain old afterlife."


"What do you mean, afterlife?" 


"Some people die fighting, and they end up in some viking dinner party. You all died driving cars, and horses and buggies, you end up here in Hotel California. 


"Driving?"


"Yep. You guys should really make yourselves at home. Champagne is great. For a while. There's a jousting tournament going on out back too."


"Did you say jousting?" The racer asked. 


"Oh yeah, real popular around here. My advice, don't bet against the guys with the lances and plate armor. "


Josh was silent for a while, then tried to go outside. 


"Where you goin'?" The racer asked. 


"To find the guys with lances. They can help me practice."


"What for?"


"When my girlfriend finds out we died before she made it to Disneyland, the stabbing is going to be a lot more creative."