I was done. Tired of seeing the self righteous sneer on so many faces that came before me. So many "tried and true" self proclaimed chosen ones. I was absolutely sick of it. 

Currently standing before me was one such "chosen one" sent to me from Azil, God of light and justice. I publicly snubbed him at the last Gathering of the Gods because he acted like a prick. This had to have been the thousandth champion he sent after me this century alone, as a reminder of his displeasure of my dismissal. I never deigned to send anyone after him, I was to busy being worshipped and blessing my children of the Stars. My little dreamers, I liked to call them.

I glared down at the new arrival, taking in his golden light-armor, Azil's Starburst sigil upon his brow. His long hair bound back away from his face shone golden in the light of my temple. His eyes like ice; the brightest blue eyes I had yet seen in a mortal. I wanted to tear his throat out for the impertinence of even stepping so close to my dais. There was no fear in his eyes, yet there was no triumph either.

I gripped the arms of my silver throne and willed myself to look the ever bored, yet oh so powerful Goddess that mortals knew. I was one of the Five Gods of the Realm, one of the ancients, and most powerful of the five. Unfortunately, Azil laid claim as one of the five as well.

He stood there unmoving and stared. I was getting more irritated by the second.

"Why have you come here, mortal?" I drawled. "I do not have time for the likes of you."

"I think you know oh to well about why I'm here, Soriah."

Soriah. My name, not Goddess. I dug my nails into the metal to keep from shredding him where he stood.

"Another vendetta for Azil, another fool come to die." I waved my hand dismissively keeping my tone bored, uninterested.

He bared his teeth at me in a sneer I knew all too well.
Irritated I stood from my throne, slowly, so that I could gather my power as I went, turning the temple to darkness and stars, my own personal Galaxy. He took a step back from me but did not run.

"Azil isn't the only one this time." he said lowering his sword. With his free hand he unlatched the bracer on his right arm and pulled back his sleeve. On his forearm gleamed a blood red sigil. 

"The Goddess of War sends her regards."

I laughed then, truly laughed. Twice blessed, those fools had really twice blessed this insolent mortal. But he grinned as he shifted the sword to his now exposed arm, and unfastened his other bracer. Pulling back his sleeve once more. I froze at the sight of the Silver Flame on his wrist.

"The God of Wrath and Fire." He said as a matter of fact. I knew who they were, and I was ready to kill. These three idiots brought me into their love triangle feud and blessed a mortal three times. That was three times more than any mortal had any right to be. Though I had to admit, this was making it interesting.

"Any more blessings I should know about?" I laughed from the sheer stupidity of this encounter. He smiled a wicked smile,

"There are two more but they are not as easy to display."

That would mean...

"Seems like the other Four God's of the Realm are tired of you being the most powerful, the most worshipped God among them." His eyes gleamed, the powers they bestowed upon him rising to the surface, readying for a fight. I smiled, a slow, genuine smile. After hundreds of millennia, I was finally going to be entertained, the Goddess of Stars and Dreams, would no longer be bored.