“The world is a simulation. Nothing is real. It is all run by Microsoft. “ I couldn’t believe what I was hearing. I met my hero, my idol. The man who inspired me to choose computer science as my major in university. Linus Torvalds and instead of a God I find a lunatic. “These tic tacs frred my mind. Take one dammit and you see the truth.” He thrusts the small mint container in my face again as other patrons of the coffee shop started to stare at us. The men sitting at a table beside us in particular were looking over at us every time Linus shouted with the look of disdain. “NONE OF THEM ARE REAL!! THEY’RE ALL FUCKING NPCS.. “ Linus shouted throwing his cup of coffee across the room and it nearly hitting the teenage waitress in the back of the head. 

“Linus, man calm down. Here have some pie.. . “ Before I could slide the piece of pie over to Linus he let out a war and lunged across the table at me screaming, “ YOU’RE ONE OF THEM. YOU’RE AN NPC TOO! “ He had me by the throat in his steel like grip. I felt my mind go numb as scene’s from my childhood replayed in my mind. From learning how to ride my bike, to egging the neighbors house on Halloween with my brother, Paul and his friends to fucking Jessie Singer behind the football bleachers after the homecoming game where I ran 200 yards with the ball. God I loved her pity that she married Paul.

Then suddenly the pressure around my throat was gone. I felt someone propping my head up. “Easy. Take it easy. “ The voice speaking to me belonged to one of the men sitting at the table next to ours. I looked over and Linus was pinned to the ground by his friend and the waitress and another man who worked at the front counter. He was screaming about NPCs still and how none of us were real. I felt bad for poor Linus but there was nothing I could do.

The police arrived shortly and arrested poor Linus and took him to the hospital. It turns out that he mistook his daughter Trinity’s acid stash for tic-tacs, Linus apparently loves tic-tacs and thought nothing of taking the container of them from his daughter’s bedroom. Trinity felt so bad that she told the cops everything and I dropped the assault charges. We corresponded while she was in rehab and we are now married and expecting twins. Neo and Morpheus are cool baby names right?

I got to know the two men who saved me that day. Their names were Bill and Steve. I now work for Bill and rent an apartment from Steve. As for Linus we visit him every second Saturday at the rest home where he lives thinking that he is an penguin named Tux. 250mg of LSD really messed him up. Poor Linus. 
