It was almost midnight. All the preparations have been made for the ceremony to bring our master, Dark Lord Troeznar into this dimension to live and reign over the world for eternity. I checked the ritual sacrifice’s restraints to make sure they were comfortable and not chaffing for the Dark Lord. Everything was going as predicted.

The bells tolled midnight and my brethren and I started our dark chant. The world began twisting as time and space spread apart to allow the passage from another world. Any second now this poor, screaming sap we found on the streets will be host to the most fearsome demon man has ever known.

The ground was now quaking and causing debris to fall from the sanctum roof.

“The time is now!” I shouted aloud.

The ground was really shaking. In my celebrations my foot hit a large piece of debris causing my balance to waiver and I felt myself stumbling passed the altar toward the swirling pocket of energy.

This cannot be happening. I can’t stop myself. I fall into the rift and enter darkness. I have died I thought to myself. My excited has caused me to lose the chance to work for the Dark Lord that I have praised for so long.

Suddenly everything got bright. I was no longer in the sanctum where the ritual was taking place. The sky was green and burning, and the land was grey and ashes. All around me were creatures disfigured and looking as if they hadn’t eaten a meal in their entire tormented lives. I must have crossed over into the realm of Troeznar.

Being a human in the land of demons is not good. I ran until I found a safe place behind a rock to figure out how I’m going to not die a horrible and painful death. I can’t go up and talk to anyone; they’d feast on me until I was nothing but bones. The only option was to sit and wait and hope my fellow cult members find a way to reopen the portal not under a full moon; at midnight; on the last day of summer; on a night where the planets aligned perfectly to the Kraken constellation. Basically I’m just going to have to find a quiet place to die I decided.

I waited until nightfall to begin exploring and find a place to hole myself up until I starve to death or get eaten; hopefully in my sleep. I stop. Footsteps crunching through the dead and barbed vegetation behind me so I start to run into the unknown and hope it isn’t into something worse.

“HEY NERD!” someone bellows out. A throaty rumble enough to bring down a building on Earth. I have been spotted so I stop. 

“I thought I saw you out here hiding behind trees and rocks,” the creature said.  It had five crimson red eyes that shined like fire and black, soppy skin that seemed to ooze out from its skeletal structure or whatever things here had for bones.

“What happened to the whole ‘going to the human world and becoming their leader and ruling their world because they at least appreciate me unlike you guys’ speech? They realize you’re just a dweeb that likes to pretend he’s scary?” the oozing monster let out a loud roaring laugh.

I couldn’t open my mouth. And why is he speaking like he knows me and not like I’m food. Could it be when I crossed through the rift I entered the body of my Dark Lord and idol.  I decide to play along with this lesser beast to humor it.

“The land of humans was far too fragile for my crossing. My presence alone caused their existence to quake and collapse upon itself! That is why I have returned so soon. Now be gone before I decide to end your existence as well,” I said sternly to show this other demon I was not to be taken likely.

The oozy demons eyes dropped to the ground. “Geez man I was just playing around there’s no need to get aggressive. You know I’m glad you’re back already.”

I was not expecting this reaction at all. I held my fist out and tried a force choke move on the moody monster and it worked. I let him loose and decided to let him live and set off, a little more confident now that I knew I was a demon myself. I could do anything here and cause fear even into other demons.

Days went by and I continued to scorch the lands of this realm prove that I, Troeznar, was the ruler of these lands. Demons were much weaker than I thought so they were easy to force into submission and make them my minions.

After a couple weeks I had made a new name for my Dark Lord and it was one to be remembered.

The royal demon family invited me to their castle to hand over their positions and give it to me. Naturally I accepted such a generous gift. Upon making it to their said castle I was ambushed by a large group of beasts and creatures. They grabbed my hands, placing glowing shackles upon my wrists and stuffed a fel apple in my mouth to keep me from speaking.

“We don’t know who you are, but you are no Troeznar. He wasn’t a bullying dick. What’s your name human?” a demon in elegany robes demanded.

I made mumbling noises as an apple was still in my mouth. They kindly removed it.

“Where is my crown!?” I screamed. “This is not how you treat your master. How are you accuse me of not being Troeznar!”

“There is no such thing as a demon king, idiot.” The oozy demon I first encountered said stepping up through the mob. “Every now and then when we try going into the human realm things get messed up and we get one of you assholes in our mind. Now give us your name so we can send you home to be a rude and destructive being there.”

I didn’t know what to do. I couldn’t keep the bluff going.

“Steve Blaffenford.”

The robed demon began to chant in a smooth dilect, almost like a song. She yelled out my name and suddenly my visual swirled about in my—Troeznar’s eyes, and I felt my body twisting in all directions.

I awoke surrounded by my robed brethren on the floor where we had performed the ritual. They all bombarded me with questions and asking if I was okay.

“Tell us what it was like on the other side? Did you see our Lord?” the occultist leader asked with zeal.

I stood up and brushed off my robe and started to walk out.

“Fuck this group. My mom was wrong: social interaction is stupid. I’m going home and playing World of Warcraft again. Laters”

 