All it took was a bit of smart thinking, a toolbox and a broom to get this profession up and running.

Good deeds reap good rewards as they say. 

Sure, the entire business was illegal and the immense persecution that could take place was always a high likelihood, but it gives me a living. Terrible living? Well, that's a case you nor I can really doubt. Best to get busy robbing, or get busy dying.

I guess this whole clean up thing started way back in my day. Cleaning was an essential clique of the locals. Real nut-cases those lot were. Although I was forcibly drawn into their ranks, over the years I learnt the tricks of the trades and got spoon fed information about 'clean up operations' to use the term loosely, as though this was an event established by the military. Not gonna lie to you - it was damn useful for what I'm forced to do these days.

Tight schedule! Real tight one, too: prioritise a house; silently pick the lock and immediately start at the hinge lubricating; pull out the broom (or brush, depending on what has to be cleaned) and begin furiously sweeping the dust and muck from within the various decorations; organise the cupboards in a fashion whilst simultaneously nabbing little bits of jewellery lying around here and there. Have to always make sure there's more fixed than there is taken - especially since everybody's waking up to desperately have a peek at this little 'fairy' at work...

Fear not! When my schedule is tight, I mean it. Trust me, having to hide by folding yourself into the occasional briefcase or tumbler dryer perhaps may seem effortless but it kills your back. Ouch!

By morning the papers are yet again printing out apocryphal stories of the mysterious 'entity'. Pathetic how lazy they are, really. Then again, they seem pretty thankful... hell, I think they're just leaving around possessions purely for their dirt holes to be cleaned.

Gotta say though, I appreciate the tips! Playing the role of servant is just as rewarding as being a filthy thief... you gotta find a way to live an equilibrium is what I say. Living in today's standard is a job neither really wish to accept - so why whine about it when the answer's simply to pillage in a courteous manner!?


*Hey! Thanks for reading the story if you got the chance... this is my first time writing here and any useful criticism, constructive or harsh (which I very much love) will be very much appreciated!*

*Context: GCSE student determined to do his best in English and this subreddit is useful for preping to write up on my narrative writing. Not the greatest at stories but love writing them.
Again, many thanks.*