“So, tell us again?” Said one of the people floating in the sky above me. “How you died again?” 

I was sitting on a nice wooden chair, and above me were 5 people dressed in very nice robes. Three boys, two girls. They all looked very elegant and stylish, but one of the men had a large jagged tooth. I cleared my throat, and began speaking. 

“Ok. I was at my house making a nice grilled cheese sandwich, when all of a sudden a man in a ski mask broke in! He ran at me with a knife, but I got him with my spatula. But then he got me to the ground, put the knife to my neck, and I was deader than Christian Slater’s career!” 

They waited for more, but I had finished. I sat down, and they began arguing. 

“Why are we even doing this? A spatula isn’t a weapon, so he can’t get in!”

“Now now Darien. It can hurt a person a lot, so I think it is a weapon.”

“Now hold on a minute!” 

The arguing grew louder, and I was getting bored. It took them five minutes before they agreed. 

“We’re sorry sir. But you can only be let in if you died with a weapon in your hand. Spatulas are considered not to be a weapon, so we can’t let you in.”

This seemed bad. I do love a good argument, so I decided to start one.

“Now hold on a minute. Weapon in hand? That seems a little stupid. What about people who don’t have hands? I’ve seen people fight off things with weapons in their mouths. Is that an exception?”

The man seemed to be getting nervous. “W-Well I mean uh...”

“And some people use weapons in their feet! What about them?”

He looked to the others for support, but they had no comments. 

“And finally, weapon. A weapon is defined as something that can hurt or kill someone. Mostly kill. If you hit someone with a spatula a lot, they’ll die, so I think it is a weapon!”

“Uh....I guess that’s a good point, but-“

“And fists can also be considered weapons! Have you SEEN boxing?”

He was completely speechless. 

“And if ya THINK about it, my mouth can be considered a weapon! For example:”

I pointed to the man with the long tooth. “You look like the product of a one-night stand between an orc and a random girl!”

The man took great offense, I could tell. This sparked new discussion between them. The man cleared his throat, and talked. “You bring up a great point. We shall-reluctantly-grant you entrance to Valhalla!” 

I clapped. “Awesome! Quick question: what’s Valhalla?” 

All five of them face palmed at the same time. 

____________

Feedback is appreciated! (It’s a little short compared to my previous ones.)