I had a hard time believing it.

I re-read the letters, slowly. What potential were they talking about? As long as I remember, I never could do any magic.

Even in kindergarten, kids could levitate balls, play with dancing lights and animate snowmen. Granted, their spells fizzled quite often, but I never could lift a marble or conjure the smallest spark. All the kids in elementary school received basic courses on how to control cold and flame, mostly to avoid magic flareups. I always thought I had nothing to control.

Late in high school, we had to begin focusing on a particular aspect of magic. The exceptionally gifted could pick two fields, but the majority could only choose one field. Even then, most of them had to focus on a particular subset of that field. Fire Elementalism was a common choice due to the lower attunement requirement that left time to focus on more magics. That, and the harsh winters.

For me, the choice was easy: only the tech courses. No elemental magic, just physics. No spiritual magic, just mathematics. No enchantments, just computers. The fun thing is that non magical courses didn't need magical attunement, so I had all of the tech courses.

"Maybe that was the potential they were talking about. I have, technically, infinite potential since I have no magical competence", I said out loud, then laughed at the seriousness of my tone.

&#x200B;

Then it struck me. Revealing to a dangerous apprentice his potential could have disastrous consequences. If it's so unwise, why did they mention it? The glowing seals on the three letters were official; it wasn't a prank. I put the letters in front of me. It didn't make sense.

Now that I began thinking about it, the whole tech courses didn't make a lot of sense, either. Magic was so prevalent that technology was seen as an eccentricity. Everything tech could do, magic could do easier, faster and more efficiently. All the history books mentioned technology as something of an afterthought, a curiosity, no more, no less.

The origins of Tech were unknown, as if it just popped into existence "magically". Some ancient wizards devoted decades into divining its origins. Once in a while, one would come with a new theory. Those were treated the same as tech: eccentrics bringing curious eccentricities to those with too much time on their hands.

&#x200B;

Technology was a living contradiction, something existing in a world of magic, that can be affected - to an extent - by magic, and even when completely outclassed by magic, it could operate completely outside of it.

I realized that I was slowly drifting to sleep.

The last thing I saw was my desk, with the three denial letters.

"*We regret to inform you that someone of your potential is simply too dangerous to be taught*."

"Huh, all three letters contain the exact same phrasing", I thought to myself, just before closing my eyes.

My room faded away, and the Dream started.

&#x200B;

It was a familiar dream. Always started exactly at the same spot as I fell asleep. Usually, nothing was exactly the same: some furniture was moved, or the ceilings were taller, or the walls were painted in other colours; or, like today, windows are on each wall, and on the ceiling, and on the floor. The major difference, today, is that the three letters are almost exactly as I left them in the waking world. I say "almost", because the seals are glowing brighter than anything I could imagine, yet they were perfectly readable.