It all started one day on a flight to Africa. I was going there to get a change in life.
Lately my paintings have been plain, a bowl of apples, lemons, grapes. I have had a hard time finding inspiration. While I was walking along the Savannah there was a strange woman. She looked like she was a native but the markings on her face where different. I decided to follow the woman seeking an adventure. She crawled into a small space just between two boulders, and I lost her. I tried to follow but once I peeked inside something hit my eye, and I blacked out. I woke up later on, with my right eye covered. The tour Gide was standing to the left of the cot I was it, staring. "What happened?" I blurted out sounding confused "we had noticed you where not in the group, we had a search party go looking for you. We couldn't find you for 3 days, we went back to the spot where we lost you and found you handing by your feet. Luckily we found you in time." The tour guide Said with a worried smile. That's strange, I don't remember anything.. 

The next day I decided to bring out my oil paints, I sat down and suddenly blacked out. I woke up sitting in the chair with my brush in hand, the painting was complete. It was the boulders but with a strange red tint to it, and also with a white light coming out. "That's weird, I don't remember painting this" there was a knock on the door. The tour guide came in with his bag in hand "it's almost time to leave, pack up your things and we'll be off" he said with a smile. I carefully put away my oil paint and put my painting in the bag, I was happy to go home and leave the memories of the woman and the boulders behind. When i finally Arrive home, to my  empty apartment in the city, I pulled out my painting and looked at it, I turned my attention to a blank canvas. I pulled out the paints and sat, then once again I blacked out. I woke up on the floor this time, I jumped up and took a look at the new painting, it was the same woman from Africa. Her face was beautiful, her bright blue eyes, the red markings on her face, what did it mean? I went to sleep soon after that, before I did I put the painting face down so I wouldn't feel like I was being watched. I woke up the next morning with a new canvas in my hands. I blacked out once again. I awoke this time by the window, the sun was setting, I must have been out for a while. Remembering the canvas I looked to the left, there sat the new painting. This time, the woman was in the small space between the boulders, in a cave. I'll never forget the thing behind her.. It was me, with the same bandage over my right eye, and the same clothes that I was wearing. I heard the floor creak, I spun around.. And there stood the woman, with the strange markings on her face. I now know what they mean. The marking that looked like a blade of glass meant death, the hands meant To, and the sphere, meant death to all. 