"Wait, what, who-how-WHAT THE FUCK!" is all I could manage to say at first. All I had registered upon my rude awakening was the glowing edge of the hole I was already halfway through, the glowing red eyes above a set of brilliant white shark teeth, and the voice of a woman who sounded bored and irritated, with a heavy metal growler repeating her words just *slightly* after her own words, like a deep-bass echo.

My eyes adjusted mid transit, and I wished they hadn't. I immediately closed them, feeling nauseous. 

"Where are you taking me?" I asked, head spinning. 

"I already told you, you're going to help me settle a bet," she repeated. I took a risk of opening my eyes for a quick moment. My senses were bombarded with things that would be best described by the likes of Lovecraft or Poe, and within that, a quick glimps of the demon dragging me along; eyes completely black except for the glowing red pinpoints that I assumed to be pupils, the wide grin of acutely angled teeth, like a shark's or crocodile's, the pale grey skin, the pitch black horns like a buffalo's protruding from the sides of her head, and most disturbing of all, her *hair*. It was long, dark, and beautiful... until a little past shoulder length, where it began to clump like dreadlocks and move like snakes. I had to open my eyes once more and shut them again quickly to confirm what I saw. The ends of her hair *were* snakes.

"Keep your eyes closed until I say so, I don't need your brain exploding before we get there. Relax, I'll take you back home unharmed afterwards," she said, still dragging me along as if I were just a slightly large bag of trash.

"Ok, you can open your eyes now, human," she said after a few moments. She released my ankles, and I opened my eyes to confirm the terror I had only glimpsed before, now joined by another. He looked similar to her in most details aside from being male, and his horns were shaped like an elk's instead of a buffalo's.

"Ok, ask him, bro" the she-demon said to the other.

"Alright," he began, a voice such a deep, reverberating bass that I felt it in my bones. It was like being front row in a live concert, right in front of those 15 ft. tall sub-woofers. "OK, just answer honestly. We've been debating about this for a while now."

I slowly rose to my feet as he took his time, I assume figuring out how to phrase the question.

"I don't think it is, but is it weird to..." he hesitated, glanced at his sister for an instant, then continued. "Is it weird to, like, when you take a shower, to get just a little bit of soap on your finger, and put it in your ass? You know, just a little, trying to clean it."

"PFFFFFF..." I thought this HAD to be some sort of fever dream. What sort of ridiculous question is this? "-FFFAHAHAHAhahehehe... wh...what?"

He seemed exasperated and embarrassed, and began to repeat his question. "Is it weird to-"

"No, no, I understood you, just..." I thought for a long moment. How the hell do you answer such a question? I just went with my gut. "It's not weird to *do* it, but it *is* weird to talk about it..."

"HAH! I win!" the she-demon exclaimed in victory. The other started to sputter out a response, but all I recalled was black before I heard his retort. My next memory was back in my bed the following morning. I'd have considered it a weird nightmare if it weren't for my blanket on the floor, and a light bruising on my ankles from being dragged around. My mental well being dictated I disregard the event anyways. No need to think too deeply on such a surreal experience. I'm sure Freud would have a field day with this one.

Edit: totally paraphrased a conversation between Drekwiz and someone else on VRchat. Crazy burlap pervert has the BEST answers for anything and everything. Except Jimi. Jimi's dancing is awesome.