She woke up and saw the white, sterile lights on the ceiling. "Where am I? Is this the hospital?" Wincing, she slowly struggled into a sitting position and opened her eyes properly.

"Oh, you're awake." A middle-aged woman folded her papers together while looking at her, as if studying a specimen under a microscope. "And to answer your question, you're in Hell."

Freya stared blankly at her before bursting into laughter. "Oh, good one. Haven't heard something like that in years," she said as she wiped her tears away. "Who says it's a joke?" She smirks as she clicks on the television, the screen flickering as if it were, too, laughing.

The girl looked down at herself - she was no longer 81, but a younger, teenaged self. Her skin was paler than snow - her heart no longer beat and there were no veins in her hands.

"You mean I really died?" she looked at her hands, constantly turning them over in hopes that she would see something different - a sign of her tanned skin, the way her veins would run between her knuckles and the wrinkled skin - but it remained white and smooth, as if taunting her.

"Then what is this? This can't be Hell. Where's the lava? The nine levels that Dante mentioned?" Her voice turns panicky, and she struggled to get off the bed. It is then that she realizes that the floor does not exist. The woman talking to her was standing on nothing in her shoes that looked suspiciously like Prada.

"Oh, you'll find the nine levels below if you leave this bed." 

She looked over the edge of the bed and saw that she was right - below, people writhe amongst the torture within the several levels. Down on the second circle, people are constantly blown around by a strong force of wind. Shuddering, she quickly scrambled back into the center of the bed. 

"And what they say about hell is true - but only if you refuse to sit through this." She points at the television and Freya notices the words appear on the screen.

*Freya's life, 1997-2078.*

"I'm supposed to sit through a movie about my life?" She scoffed and folded her arms, relaxing back into the bed. "How bad could this be?" It wasn't like she didn't already go through this. *I went through my entire life. Me. Why would Hell make me rewatch it again? To live it again and see what I can't have anymore? I was dead; it mattered not,* she thought.

"If you finish this, you get to be reincarnated. If not... purgatory awaits. Feel free to leave if you can't take it though," she said pleasantly, with a pinky wave before disappearing. Freya rubbed her eyes, wondering if it was really just a trick that she had just disappeared. *I guess anything goes in Hell.* She shrugged and clicked play on the remote that the weird lady had left her.

It started with her birth in 1997 - the birth was normal, and she was delivered though some parts of her liver hadn't yet fully formed. She saw my father and smiled softly - he had always been her favourite. She was through and through, a daddy's girl.

*Oh my, she's beautiful. And she smells like warmth and comfort.* He held the baby up and gently kissed her on the forehead, before passing her gently to her mother.

*How is this Hell when it shows you things like these?* she wondered. *Isn't Hell supposed to make you pay for your sins? Do they not make sure you suffer as you have made others suffer through your actions, thoughts or words?*

A soft chuckle runs through the room and she shivers. It does not sound pleasant. "Who's that?" she said loudly, not appreciating that someone could be reading her mind. 

"Ah, child. The Devil knows all of your thoughts. He knows all your memories. And this is what he will share with you." She looked around dubiously; Hell either had an incredible sound system, or she was hearing things.

The video runs through her childhood - and she realizes that this is a commentary of her life of all the people that she had interacted with in it. It reaches secondary school and she sees the Netball team that she had joined.

*God, why is she always looking for boys? She's such a slut.
She's obsessed with them, you should see the way her eyes glue to one of them when they're nearby. 
Hah, she's not even that good. She's only on the team because the others are worse.
Ugh, why do I have to be friends with her?*

She jolted back in surprise. These were her friends, the people that she had cared about.

She wanted to stop the commentary, but how could she when she was hearing all of these comments that she had never imagined they would say? And it was in that moment that she understood why there were even people down in the levels of hell, when they could have had the chance to be reincarnated.

You know that feeling of when you see something you didn't want to see, or heard something you weren't supposed to know about? The way you really want to turn your head away and not pay attention, but cannot because you want to know every single thing that's happening? Yeah. That was basically Hell in a nutshell. And she was experiencing it, right now.

*"I wonder what she looks like naked." 
"Really, I'm just in this for the sex."
"Jesus, my girlfriend can't even not flirt with someone as long as it's a guy. Actually, I bet she'd flirt with any breathing human."* 

She felt her heart clench and breathing was getting harder and harder. She didn't know that she was so reviled. Was she such a bad person? She had tried to be kind, to be giving and inclusive of people. Why was it always seen as a crime? Best part was that all of these weren't even the worst. The worst part was the guilt.

One of her ex-boyfriends flashed onto the screen as she kissed him goodbye for the last time before fast forwarding to a conversation he had with his god brother while drunk, talking about ex-girlfriends.

*"Ah hell. You know, I let her go because I knew if I had tried to keep her she would've run anyways. I love that girl more than anything in the world."* His god brother frowns. *"But you loved her, and she loved you. Why did it have to end?"* He scoffed and chugged even more beer.

*"She was the best damn girl I ever had. No one else will ever compare to her anymore. But the reason I let her go was because I knew I wasn't enough for her. She was always on the search for the next adventure. I would never have been enough."* 

Her heart felt as if it was about to break into a million pieces. *I broke his heart and I never knew, because I was always searching for more. Searching for disaster, instead of staying in place.* Tears started welling up in her eyes.

*Oh, my precious daughter. Why won't you come see me?* Her mother, aged and senile, but her last thought was of her daughter, who hadn't bothered coming to see her.

*I regret ever marrying her, I should've just married Angela.* Her husband, falling into bed with his ex-girlfriend that he had dumped in college. He had always loved her, but he gave her up to be with me for a better job opportunity.

*Mom always being so overbearing. I swear to God that if she died I would be so happy.* Her child, her own flesh and bones.

*Grandma is always yelling at me when I do something wrong... I hate her!* Her grandchild, so beautiful, but with hatred for her own grandmother.

As she watched, the anger from all of these people ate at her. She could barely hear the good things they mentioned anymore - all she could think about were the things that they said when they were angry with her, or hated about her. It didn't matter at the end that they were all at her bedside when she died, holding her hand. All that she could hear were the accusations of being a slut, the sounds of her children and grandchildren crying or yelling at her in anger, the sounds her husband made falling into bed with another - it was like a constant noise in the background of her head.

She cried as she watched it, the moments replaying in a highlight reel, over and over and over again. She screamed, but no sound came out at all. The pain was indescribable.

It felt like eternity before the movie ended, but finally the movie clicked off and the screen said: "Reincarnation process now available. Y/N?"

The woman in grey popped back into the room. "You done, sweetling?" She looked up and laughed. The bed was empty.

"They always give in. They always do." 

The room disappeared as her screams came from below.
