I realized this figure in the moonlight was the man I was to marry. We both began to laugh for we now had something in common. Without a word, we climbed down our sheets. Our eyes never left one another. We met at the bottom with a smile. " Hi, my name is Mary." "Bill," he replied. "So, what brings you here?" I said jokingly. " oh, you know, I'm supposed to marry this girl I've never met."
" that sounds horrible! I bet she is ugly or something..." I said shyly. 
" I bet, " he sighed. "to bad she isn't you."
"oh, and why is that?"
" because if she were even half as beautiful, I at least know I'd enjoy watching her, even doing the most mundane things, the rest if my life."
I always told myself I wouldn't be one of "those" girls. The girl who fall for a man the moment he said the perfect line. Yet, maybe what was so perfect about this moment was the imperfect situation which led us here. Obviously my father saw something in him that would make him a good husband, father, provider. After all, my father's job is to love me and protect me. I'm sure he weighed all the options before settling on this man before me. The man he thinks is my equal and whom I'll grow to love.
Bill reached out his hand to hold mine. He git on one knee. " Mary, I know we don't a thing about one another. What I have learned in the last few minutes is you- thankfully - have a sense of humor and that we are both scared of the unknown." I nodded in agreement. " If you are willing, I would like to get to know you better. Maybe even take you on a date. Now in order to do that, we will have to get married first..... " I couldn't contain my laughter." That's a bit out of order don't you think?"
"Well, Some people date first or have a baby first. In our case marry first, so who am I to judge? We don't exactly have a choice. So, we don't we try?" 
He did make a good point. Either be disowned or marry whoever has been chosen for you. At least if you marry, you can control the outcome somewhat. Being disowned was far worse. You basically leave with the clothes on your back. You've dishonored your family name making it even harder fir your siblings to marry. The stigma of it all stays with your family for generations. 
At least he had the chance to ask. " I do." 
Our eyes met once again. He rose. His hand cupping mine. An unsaid thank you. We climb back up our makeshift ropes to our rooms. Once inside, we peer out the windows at one another. I started to feel excitement instead of dread. We exchanged a smile. For once during this whole process, this arrangement, I feel in control. I have Bill to thank for that. If life with him is anything like tonight, I think we can make it. I think we will be alright. 

* forgive me if this sucks. It's 2am.


