The skeleton begins ripping through his skin. Tearing slowly at first and then increasing the rate at which the muscle and fat is peeled back. The Necromancer's eyes dart from side to side, he has never experienced this quantity of pain before. His mouth twisting and the words that would have normally spilled forth from his breath, were frozen and lodged in his throat. The ever increasing amount of torment that was washing over his body was unparalleled. The Skeleton's fingers ripped through, exposing their bleached white surfaces to the now thickening air. They flicked and curled, relishing their new found freedom. The Necromancer fell to his knees, he thought back to just before this horrendous scenario had begun. What had gone wrong? What calculation had he made incorrectly? Thoughts were becoming harder to string together, for his brain was no longer his alone. The Skeleton had brought an extra steering wheel and was now just learning how to drive. The Necromancer removed all of his clothes, including his socks and shoes. Now naked, he laid sprawled out on the cold floor of his home. He was finally able to remember how this all started. Yesterday he visited the town market to purchase some herbs and a couple bottles of liquor. Whilst there he was accosted by a strange old man. The old man seemed to be in a hurry, sweat running down the left side of his face. He said to The Necromancer "there isn't much time so you must listen carefully for I will only say this once. I am you from the future and I have returned to this time gone by to bestow a warning upon you. We plan to attempt a new spell tonight, a highly dangerous and forbidden spell. You must not follow through with it, you will die if you do. If you die then there is no me and if I die then millions will die as well. In the future we accomplish amazing things with our spells. So please whatever you do, just forget about that one spell and move on in your studies." The Necromancer gazed at the old man with a disapproving look, one of confusion as well as disbelief. "Get out of my way you vagabond! I haven't the time nor the patience for your drunken ramblings. I am a Necromancer and I have just discovered a new spell that will change the world! I have to be off now to finish my experimentation, so if you will excuse me!" Shoved to the side, the old man was speechless at the sheer disregard The Necromancer had showed him. The old man thought to himself, "I have failed. Fifteen years of research and training to come back to this era, wasted." He collapsed to the ground in defeat, awaiting his inevitable demise. Meanwhile, The Necromancer had returned to his home and had begun unpacking all of the things he had just acquired. He set up the ingredients for his new spell and then leaned over to pick up one of the bottles of liquor. He lifted the glass bottle to his lips and drained the entirety of it in seconds. Wiping his face, he set the empty bottle back down on the table and turned his attention to the spell. "Ahh now that I can think clearly, on to the spell!" He exclaimed. He crushed and mixed many different combinations of herbs and other ingredients. With everything in order, he was just about to chant his incantation to complete the process but stopped suddenly. His gaze turning back to the liquor bottles. Reaching out to grab another bottle, he closed his eyes and then ingested the contents. The room had begun to twist and morph, his vision becoming more and more blurred. "Alright, now I am truly ready!" The Necromancer said to himself. He gathered the ingredients into his hands and changed these words, "To open a new door, inside discovery is waiting. To further the horizon, the sun and moon there debating. To wake the sleeping, I would give everything." He then poured the contents of his hands onto a dark blue coffin laying on the floor next to him. The coffin shook once and then began to glow green. The Necromancer's eyes swollen with tears, he gazed at the coffin with an unbroken intensity. The coffin shook once more and then stopped. The green glow faded away. Silence permeated the room, The Necromancer stood there shaking. He chanted the incantion again, this time yelling at the coffin. Now in full tears he dropped to his knees and shook the coffin. "I did everything right! Why did it not work? Why?!" He slammed his fists onto the cold coffin, herbs and dust flung into the air. Grabbing a third bottle he downed it all. Then stumbled over to the fourth and final, drinking every last drop. "I've failed." He thought to himself. Tears falling into his lap. "Failed." He raised his dirty hands up to his face and stared at them. "These hands are useless! They can not do anything right! I can not do anything right!" Standing back up he headed over to a large brown book. Turned to a page and read the words within. It was the incantation and every word was exactly how he recited it. Everything checked out. The alcohol now really beginning to affect him, he sat in a chair beside the coffin. "I am sorry, I tried so hard but alas I could not do it. Maybe that old man was right after all. Maybe I am meant to do great things in this world. Maybe this is your way of telling me to move on! To help the world become a better place, in your memory!" Just then, his body started to quiver. He stood up quickly and doubled over in pain. It felt like his bones were moving on their own. "Yes that was how it happened." He thought to himself, lying there naked on the floor. Had he wasted his chance? The one that the old man had tried so hard to give him. Had he wasted his life? These were his final thoughts as The Skeleton burst it's skull out of The Necromancer's face. Blood and muscle spread across the house like wallpaper. The Skeleton stepped out of the pile of skin now strewn on the floor. It tilted it's skull up at the ceiling and lifted it's arms out. Taking it all in. It then drug it's still dripping feet over to the coffin. Ripping off the top and peering inside. Nearby, the old man with his head in his lap faded from existence. Something that resembled a smile slowly crept over the white and red skull of The Skeleton. It then made a sound that was like wind slowly turning a rusty turbine. It's way of laughing?...laughing.