Written on mobile so I’m sorry for formatting issues.


I killed a lot of people.

At least that is what I was told. The good judge sentenced me to some ungodly amount of time and I sat in a cell. I took the fresh air everyday in the yard for granted, but how could I have known? 

I must have been in that prison (what was it’s name? Who even cares.) for 15 years. It was my life and I was used to the 3 meals a day, and the hour to workout. I didn’t have many friends if any because of what they say I did. I kept living in spite of them.

They must have known I had nothing real to lose.

I remember roll call. They stopped on my name and I was led to an office where a man was waiting for me. Said he had a way for me to serve my time and have a chance at life, a different life though, a brand new start. I should have said no, but I was young. I thought they had changed their decision on letting me live any longer.

It wasn’t very hard for me to give them the go-ahead.

“The needle will go in your arm an-“

“Is this how you’re gonna kill me?”

“No” 

“I don’t really care, I’d just like to know when it would happen” I still don’t like how his tone was. I wish I could have ended him.

“We will not kill you. Now the procedure is experimental and you very well might die... but if it works, you’ll never have to worry about dying for a very long time.”

So they tossed me in the box, and stuck a needle in my arm. I’m pretty sure I thought, “Where are the cameras? Don’t they televise executions?” I was certain this was the injection to take my life.

I was wrong.

My eyes were forced open by my body, and my arms were useless. They faced me to a screen that they rolled in, and played the tapes. The tapes they found. The ones that had my voice in. 

“Those people had lives.” It plays incessantly, directly into my mind. 

I don’t know what they thought would happen to someone like me. Did they expect me to lose my mind? To gain a confession? I never killed a person. I never would. 

How could they do this to someone that was innocent? I wanted to close my mind off and die. Watching these people being tortured, struggling against their own flayed skin to run away. There was no way I could have done this. But the voice. They say it was mine. I don’t know what my voice sounds like, but I guess it is pretty close. Maybe I did do it.

I started really paying attention to the videos. I saw the mistakes of the video maker. They could have kept that one alive longer if they didn’t cut so deep. That one should have had a gag in, she screamed too loud. I started realizing that they were right as well. I could have a new start.

And just like that, the videos changed and the people no longer had lives. Or at least that’s what I thought when the audio stopped. I mean, in a metaphorical sense. The video was now news reels. I guess they were catching me up on how to live. With new audio to go along with it.

“Peace, value, respect.” 

God, I fucking hate those words.

When you hear three words on repeat for days, years on end, you’d hate them too. So I chose to pay attention to the news.

Conflicts between major countries were resolved back in 2178 with the Truce of Moscow. Pollution is at an all time low thanks to some weird thing with the ocean currents. World hunger followed closely after the truce, but one thing was a constant. 

Gang violence, murder, abuse. Oh how humans never change.

People refined my techniques. I wanted to show them the ones in my head. 

The screen went black.

The door opened.

“How are you feeling?” A slightly shorter man said to me. He has good muscle tone, very attractive. 

I’m gonna make some new tapes.