Let's just put things in context so that you do not think I was overconfident. First of all, I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in school, and I've been involved in numerous competitions state-wide, and I have over 300 medals to show for it. It's a twinning of innate talent and decidated perserverance. You see, I truly *understand* the Games I play. I've read all the books there are about them, I've watched countless videos dissecting the strategies needed to win. I grasp the rules quicker than anxious teenagers hit Alt-Tab. Once in a blue moon I come across players as skilled as I am, but by and large, I win. And I win alot.

And that was why I let my guard down when my little sister told me they needed a fourth player for a Game they were attempting. That, and the fact that the other two players were her friends from high school.

Three kids, essentially. How hard could it be to play?

"What's that? Is that some new Game?"

"No, silly! It's just one of the older ones, it's not very popular these days, but they have a Hello Kitty edition which we thought would be fun-"

"I don't think I've ever heard of it, and trust me, I've played every notable Game of skill there is on the market. What are the stakes?"

Felicia laughed. "Oh, Darren! You know we don't have money! Tell you what, if you lose, we get to doll you up with our make-up kits."

"And if I win?"

"Hmm... We'll give you all the candy we hoarded for our slumber party?"

I smiled. This was literally taking candy from babies.

"Game on, little sis. Let's go."

We joined hands around the multi-coloured board, chanted the words which would grant us safe entry, and the familiar sensations washed over me as we were sucked into the Game of Monopoly.

What hell awaited me, I surely did not know.

---

I formulated my plan within two minutes of having parsed through the rules, which were writ in golden letters floating in the sky. Part of winning was knowing your opponents, and I had come to know them very well over the years indeed. Felicia had the same capacity for number-crunching as I did, but she had none of the verve needed to employ it strategically. Pearl had no mind of her own, and essentially relied on others making decisions for her. Tara was smart, and competitive, but also prone to debilitating bouts of bad-loserism. All I had to do now was to exploit their weaknesses, then I would have all the candy I needed for the week.

The plan, like all good plans, erupted in a towering conflagration about twenty minutes in.

"Pearl, you're so lucky!" I said, as she landed on Thomas' House, one of the most expensive properties in the game. "You really should buy that, immediately too! Just in case any of us land on it and buy it later! Just imagine all the rent you can earn!"

"Oh, OK, in that case, I will-"

"No, don't do that!" said Felicia. "Stop! Don't listen to him!"

The smile froze on my face. Had she pierced my strategy? Had she discerned that I was trying to get Pearl to waste her money on the properties which we had the lowest probability of landing on? Could she had discovered my ploy to have Pearl tie herself up in useless investments?

"But why? The rent is the highest in the-"

"Pearl, come on! It doesn't match your pyjamas at all!"

Pearl looked down, then squealed with the excitement of someone who had come within a hair's breadth of committing social suicide. "Oh my! It so clashes, amirite? Pass then, your turn!"

"Wait, wait!" I said. "Who says blue doesn't go with purple? Anyway, that's not the point here! You're in the Game! You're here to win, not to worry about-"

"No, Felicia's right," said Tara. "No point having all these houses and hotels if you're not going to feel happy about it. OK, my turn's next, wish me luck!"

Before I could protest further, Tara flicked the dice. Once the roll had been confirmed, she was whisked up into the air by forces unseen, then transported to a square eight spaces down. My heart froze for a moment - that was Daniel's Creamery, one of the properties I was eyeing. It was a lower-end property, the exact sort I was looking to acquire. If I had control of those, I had over a 74% chance of bleeding these girls dry within 20 turns. 

No matter. She didn't have the funds to buy it, much less have the capital required to develop it with houses. I was safe.

"Yay, ice cream shop!" said Pearl. 

"No, I don't really want this, I want some of the nicer-looking ones. I can't imagine living in a shop, you know."

"But just imagine, we could all gather there for parties and stuff! Wouldn't that be fun?"

"Hang on!" I said, waving at them frantically. "You can't just decide to, you know, meet up there *for fun*. You'll have to pay rent!"

The golden letters in the sky glowed then, confirming that I was right. Tara shrugged, then said, "Not like I can buy it now, Pearl. I'll have to wait until I pass GO again. I'm out of cash and I-"

"You need some money? That's what friends are for! Here's the moolah you need!"

A rainbow of money cascaded from Felicia's coffers to Tara's. I tried to jump up to intercept it, but the notes just flowed around me, like hints past the obtuse.

"You can't just give her money like that! You have to get something in return! It's a trading game!"

"Um, the rules don't say anything about equal trades right? How about... Tara, if anyone throws shade on me on Insta, you gotta tell me immediately, OK?"

"Deal!"

I sank to my knees, then peered upwards. Surely such a travesty of a deal could not pass muster, right? But the golden letters only glowed their silent approval, and the dice floated over to my hands.

I flung them with a bit more vehemence than I would have admitted to, and then things started looking up again. The numbers were *exactly* what I needed to land on the next property on my purchase list. I acquired it before the girls could befuddle me with any more of their nonsense, then plopped down four houses on each of them. It cost me every dollar I had, but it was worth it. No one else had progressed so fast, and all it would take is just one or two good rounds before I made it all back...

"Oh! Look at the Chance card I got!" said Felicia.

"What did you get?"

"Sorry everyone! Pay me $100 each, or you have to auction your last property to pay for it!"

"Stop! Felicia, come on, I'll pay you next round, OK? Look, I'm five spaces away from GO! I'll pay you double, promise!"

"Um, but it says to pay me now..."

"Yes I know that, but you can *pretend* that I have kinda paid you already, right? It's a debt! I owe you a debt! Come one, don't make me sell the houses! I just built them for goodness sakes!"

"Um... Girls, what do you think? Who votes for me to collect the money *now*?"

Tara's and Pearl's hands shot into the air, a bit faster than I would have liked to see.

"He's a boy," said Pearl, laughing as she clapped. "Sorry! If you're not one of us, you don't get special treatment!"

"Sell, sell, sell!"

--- 

I couldn't win. It was impossible.

To add insult to injury, the final stop which did me in was Daniel's Creamery, where it had all began. I begged to just sit outside the damn place, and not to even set a foot in, but the golden letters glowed red then, and I was forced to liquidate the last of my properties. Even that wasn't enough to cover the rent, and my avatar, a Sugarplum, slowly disintegrated before my eyes.

Once that was over, Tara and Pearl nodded, then collectively handed over their entire fortunes to Felicia.

Felicia, having amassed the entirety of the economy in that hellhole, grinned. We popped back out to the real world, and I sat there, dazed, while the three of them exchanged high-fives and hugs.

Tara rushed off to collect their make-up kits, while Pearl set up the mirror and stool they had prepared.

Felicia guided me onto the stool, then leaned in close, so that no one else could hear her. And into my ear, she said...

"First of all, I'll have you know I graduated top of *my* class in school..."

---

/r/rarelyfunny 