I struggled against the restraints as I sat in the ritual circle. I sat in a bolted down steel chair, my wrists and ankles tied loosely with ill-fitting rope. Hooded men and women with strange markings all over their black robes chanted in a language I couldn't hope to comprehend. My heart raced and my mind swam with anxiety.

"How the fuck did I get here and who the fuck are you?!" I asked, the tone of my voice obviously suggesting my fear. They did not respond, they simply continued to chant. One of them, a man, walked into the circle and ripped my shirt at the chest with a scalpel. His free hand pinned me back to the chair while he began to carve strange symbols into me. I screamed out in agony. Fight or flight began to take over. Fight was the response and I leaned forward, bashing the man's head with my own, the steel chair moving forward with my surge of adrenaline-filled strength. The scalpel slipped against one of the runes he was carving into me when I hit him and he stumbled back. He must have finished before the hit because he didn't attempt to carve into me again.

It felt like hours. Blood loss was getting to me as the chants continued. Yet, as my head began to droop, a strange smell crossed my way. I'm a chemist, and I would know the smell of sulfur if I happened across it. My eyes went wide, adrenaline surging through me again. Dark chanting? Sulfur? Me being in the center of a strange, circular rune on the floor?

These maniacs were summoning a demon and I was the bait!

I didn't know why it was me. Maybe because I was a healthy male. Maybe it was because I cut someone off in traffic the day prior. Maybe they just didn't like my hair color. Whatever arbitrary reason these people decided *I* was the one that had to be sacrificed, it didn't matter.

Because what currently was on my mind was the light of the candles dimming around the room. The white paint of the strange runic circle began to glow a dark red. The marks carved into my chest began to sizzle and burn as it felt like SOMETHING was being ripped out of my body. I looked down at the runes... and the diagonal slash connecting to one when I headbutt the one cultist. I began to cry like a baby. I knew my time was up. I knew I was royally fucked.

I'm not a religious man. There was no pleading with God for me. Instead, between my sobs and seething with pain, I looked towards the cultists and laughed. "You better hope this kills me. If I ever get out of this, every single one of you is-"

Darkness.

...

...

And then I was standing.

And then there was no more chanting.

Only whispers in my head.

**"NO! They performed the ritual incorrectly!"**

I tried to open my eyes. Everything about me felt differently.

When I managed to get them open, EVERYTHING was different. The edges of my vision were filled with wisps of color. The scent of sulfur radiated around me, yet did not bother me. Vertigo struck me slowly. I was... much taller than I was used to. My head felt heavy and everything was just... *wrong*.

"That.... that's not supposed to happen. Lord Xenious was supposed to inhabit the body, why is he standing there?" I heard someone speak. Their tone of voice was weird. It fluctuated in pitch and it was difficult to make heads or tails of how they sounded.

As my eyes regained focus and I became used to what I was seeing, I looked down over myself. I nearly screamed. I looked like I was in the body of a monster! Dark, ashen gray skin, cloven hooves, muscled flesh riddled with dark, arcane runes similar to the ones that surrounded the circle. I looked at my hands. Dark black talons tipped each of my five fingers. Reaching up, I felt the weight on my head. Heavy horns.

I raised an eyebrow, confused, turning to look at the center of the circle once more... where I saw what was supposed to be my body, now a withered husk. A hand went over my mouth as I looked. Have you ever seen the part in The Mummy where Imhotep sucked the life out of people? Remember what they looked like when he was done? That's what my body looked like.

Or rather, what WAS my body.

My brain began to process what was happening very, very quickly. That's what that voice was talking about. The ritual was somehow screwed up. But what could've happened? Just as it dawned on me, a twisted, savage grin crossed my face, my tongue resting on quite sharp teeth.

The markings on my skin were screwed up when I head butted the cultist. With that messed up marking, the ritual failed. Now -I- had the body of this demon.

"Very unfortunate." I said, testing out my new voice. It was... almost angelic in how it sounded. I could've made any tenor in any choir weep at how beautiful the voice of this demon was. Well... it was MY voice now, apparently. But I had other plans other than singing.

I tested out my legs and strange, hooved feet. It was surprisingly easy to get used to. I cackled as I walked around, feeling the strength of this body. This was something I certainly could get used to. My body seemed to respond to my delight, as wings extended from my back, the sound of leathery flesh unfurling causing me to pause for a moment and look back, my eyes growing wide in delight.

"L-Lord Xenious? Why do you not inhabit the body of that mortal?" the cultist with the scalpel asked. I hummed in thought for a moment, turning to look at him. My grin faded into a soft, relaxed smile as I stepped towards them. Each cultist falling to a knee as I approached.

"To provide a reminder to you all." I said, placing the palm of my hand on the cultist's head.

"A-And what is that?" the cultist asked... just before I curled my hand and my claws dug right through the fabric of his hood, his flesh, and cleaved through his skull.

"To remind you of what would happen if I ever got out of that chair..." I said, the sinister grin returning to my face as I lifted my arm up, pulling the top of his skull and scalp up with me as he dropped to the ground.

Needless to say, the rest fled.

Needless to say, I caught up with them.

Needless to say, they all died.

But the one thing interesting out of all of this was that voice returned in my mind.

**"You know what, mortal? You're quite interesting. I believe you and I can, as you mortals say, make lemonade out of lemons in this situation. I could use a vacation."**

Oh, this would be fun.