"Hacksaw, now!" The winter night air was cold, and the air was filled with police radio chatter and the drone of a helicopter overhead. My patient laid in the street, bleeding from a bullet wound in his thigh. Just moments before he had been barely conscious. Now, eyes wide, he gave me a terrified look as if to say, "Please not the hacksaw."

Oops. It was my fifth call since midnight, and it was only 3am. Friday nights in Baltimore are always sleepless ones for the ambulance crews. I had dozed off a bit on my way to this call, and I may have forgotten which century it was when we got on scene.

My driver cleared his throat awkwardly, and stood up a little taller. "I think you mean tourniquet, Chris." He put his hand on the patient's shoulder, "A little bit of ambulance humor. You're going to be alright."

---------------------------------

"Sit down, fellas." A heavy-set man sat behind a desk. He ran his hand through what remained of his thin hair, and rolled up the sleeves of his white button-down shirt.

We sat, and he looked us over for a minute. "Fellas, this is the ninth complaint this year. I'm gonna be straight with you. You two are the best damn medic crew in this city. You won a damn valor award last year! But why in hell's name can't you watch what you say on calls?"

Pete and I exchanged glances. "Chief," he said, "we were just running low on sleep."

"Oh no," Chief cut in, flipping through a massive folder of loose papers. "Two months ago you were in the ER and recommended the charge nurse give the patient be given a handle of whiskey to ease the pain."

"I'm sure it would have done the trick," I started.

"YOU'RE A PARAMEDIC! You carry MORPHINE! What about in June, when you had a patient with a minor cough and chest pain? You told her 'most folks don't last long with the consumption'. The CONSUMPTION?"

"Chief, what I meant was..."

"IT'S CALLED TUBURCULOSIS! AND they can TREAT IT EASILY! What year do you think this is anyway."

I looked down, trying to comply with Chief's demands and subdue his temper. "1989, sir."

Chief's head thumped down onto the table into his arms. "Chris, it's 2019."

I looked over at Pete. He was somewhere between amused and terrified. Chief looked up, face red, eyes pleading.

"Just watch what you say out there. Please, for God's sake." Pete and I nodded, and scurried up as quickly as we could.

The bells rang, and the overhead radio came on, "Medic call, Federal Hill Park, one injured from assault."

I couldn't even stop him before Pete exclaimed, "The Brits are at Fed Hill!"

"GET IN THE AMBULANCE AND GET OUT OF HERE!"