"Wait... My wallet was a mimic?"  

"Yes."

"That's... weird.  I certainly have only one wallet.  Every morning, I look for it, forget that I found it, and look for it again before I wake up fully."  

"So a mimic replaced it."  

"You don't understand.  A mimic *can't* replace it."  The stranger just glared at me with impatience.  It was the kind of look a gas station attendant gives you when you explain for the tenth consecutive day why you need an energy drink every morning.

"Okay.  Look.  Suppose a mimic replaces my wallet.  Then my *actual* wallet would still be somewhere, right?  I would find it in the morning."

"What if the mimic replaced it somewhere else?"  

"Then it would still need even more mimics to replace all the stuff *in* my wallet.  Think about it."  

"So it gets more mimics."

"But mimics can't replicate circuits.  Even if somehow the magnetic strips on my cards and license still worked, the chip in my credit card wouldn't."  

He took a deep breath, wiped the sweat off his face with both hands, and kept pressing me to accept the mimic nature of my wallet.  "So it replaces them, and then attacks before you use them."

"I *just used* my chip card to buy that soda you made me drop."  

"Your wallet is a mimic, okay?  Look!  I shot it, and it screamed.  Do wallets that aren't mimics scream?"  

He had a point.  "Okay, my wallet is a mimic.  But that just raises more questions."

"Like...?"  

"We just established that it must have replaced my wallet *before* I put all my cards in it."

"And?"  

"That was three years ago, when I bought it.  I kept my old wallet until it started to tear, and grabbed the new one on impulse.  All my stuff was swapped over right there."  

"So you've been carrying a mimic for three years."  

"Exactly.  Mimics attack as soon as you get close.  How have I carried a mimic for three years?  Why would a mimic just stay that way without feeding all that time?"  

It wasn't dead.  The poor thing just kept quiet, wounded, this whole time.  Until it...  Well, it spoke!  "I like... butts."  

Astounding!  In all the years of research now, since they were discovered, nobody has ever found that a mimic could speak.  Nobody ever *tried*, but it was just assumed they couldn't.  The stranger was flabbergasted, but I needed to know more.  This puzzle had to be solved.

"Wait though.  That still doesn't make sense."

"H-how does it not make sense?  It just said it likes butts."  

"Look at my butt!"  I turned around, and bent over, so the stranger would keep up with my explanation.  "Does this look like the kind of butt you'd live on for three years; *especially* if you like butts?  It's hardly even there!  I literally work this thing off every day!"

"Don't be silly.  You *have* a butt.  The mimic likes butts.  There you go."

"Really?  Grab it."  He holstered his double barrel revolver somewhere in his leather duster, and rolled his eyes.  He was visibly uncomfortable, but this had gone so far already that no professional mimic hunter could drop it then and there.  He grabbed my butt.  

"You see?!  All bone.  There's just enough butt that I can move.  Extreme efficiency; no extra butt to speak of.  If butts are mimic homes, this is a small studio apartment.  If butts are mimic bedding, this is a concrete slab."  

"Okay!  Okay!"  He released my butt, and I stood up.  "So the mimic has a particular taste in butts.  Maybe you have a niche butt!  I'm not a butt connoisseur.  I can't say what butt mimics like!"    

The mimic piped up again.  "It's not *your* butt."  

"See?  It likes butts, but not specifically my butt.  So...  Three years?"  Wait a minute...  "You spent *three years* on a butt you don't like?!  Wait.  You don't like my butt?!"

"You just proved you have no butt, so why are you upset about it now?"  

The mimic hunter had a point, but that wasn't the point.  "So, I don't like my butt!  That doesn't mean it's okay for someone else to just put it out there that *they* don't like my butt!  That's bad manners!"  

"Bad manners.  A mimic..."  He took another deep, cleansing breath.  "Nevermind that.  You literally just bent over to convince me that I shouldn't like your butt."  

"So what!  That was to prove a point!  This is different!"  I was yelling then, "Mimic, explain yourself right now!  Why'd you spend three years on a bad butt?!  Do you like my butt or not?"  

"I like your butt," it explained, "because I love you."  And just then, my wallet died.  That's why I'm using a chip card from my pocket to pay for ice cream.  Now, let me pay so I can go home, bury my wallet, and cry.  I'll be here tomorrow morning for an energy drink because I work my butt off every day.

"I asked if you need a bag."

