The crew of 100 souls held their breath as the ships computer counted down to touchdown on Mars.

COMPUTER: "Atmospheric entry in 30 seconds" 

"Let's do this!" Someone shouted from the lower level of the crew compartment. Nervous laughter erupted into cheers and brief applause.

Less than two minutes later the feet touched the ground and the rockets shut off.

COMPUTER: "Touchdown"

She is drowned out by the eruption of cheers from the crew. The first people have landed on Mars and they are ready to get to work!

They unloaded the cargo and set up the habitats, just like they had practiced, and get busy colonizing Mars.

(No one notices all the ghosts that came with them. These were a certain kind of ghost. The kind that you can't see or touch or feel even. But they were there, and each had their own reason for riding along:

Adrastus of Cyzicus: His people named it Mars, God of War. He studied stars as best he could with his eyes. Now he could use all of his senses to find out its true character.

Tycho Brahe: Also used his eyes to track Mars, augmented with large measuring equipment to measure its precision precisely. His data showed that Mars orbited the sun, not Earth. Having stared at it so many times, he was thrilled to set foot as an explorer, though he would soon return to earth as he already missed the comfort of his home country.

Copernicus: He spent his life professing how the Earth was not the center of the universe, how everything in our solar system actually revolved about the Sun. How excited he was to stand on Mars and look back at Earth in the early dawn seeing Earth in the sky next to Venus.

Galileo: Who first distinguished the polar cap from the red dust can now go stand at the base of the escarpments at the edge of that polar cap and stare up at the magnificence of a massive slab of ice that he saw from his home millions of miles away.

Christiaan Huygens: Who first measured the martian day to be 24 hours by watching a dark spot disappear and reappear, could watch the sun rise and set.

Countless Explorers: People who looked up at the reddish speck in the night sky and wanted to see what adventures they could find there.

Countless Scientists: People who wanted to understand their own world, hoping to gain better insights by studying other worlds.)

Not needing food or air the ghosts dispersed in countless directions, off to fulfill their personal quests. Some would never return but most, from time to time, would check in on the colonists. Watching, hoping for their success, and praying they would overcome their inevitable hardships. They were the fortunate few, for they had front row tickets to see what humanity was capable of.