The hospital bed was comfy and plush. the nurse had just left the room. Frederick had an IV needle stuck in his arm that stung like a heroin addict's repeated offense. Fred blinked and the reality around him warped to fill a new room.

 The room was made with light colors, whites, and silvers, with renaissance paintings and golden ornate vases, filled with grapes, apples, bananas, and various other juicy fruits. These fruits looked otherworldly, godlike. Fred, laying down in his bed craned his neck to the right. he saw a humanoid figure, pink, with two large pointed ears and large eyes. She was an alien child, staring at awe at him. She rushed out of the room, yelling that Yalviun had come back home.

 Harold, confused and tired, looked out of the great and large windows overlooking the outside. A rocky grey surface laid out before him, the horizon eventually turning over in a sphere like fashion. Above the grey floor outside, was the green and blue marble, Earth. After spotting the American flag in the distance, Fred realized he had been transported to the moon. 

He sheepishly looked back towards the entryway the girl had just run out of, and spotted a whole family of pink aliens come in, all with their own smiles and tears. "We've been waiting for so long, this whole time, we never thought you were going to come back!"
said one, as she wiped away her tears from her face, her sleeves already wet from the scrubbing of the salty water.

The oldest one approached him slowly with pride and relief. "I'm your Dad. Your real dad."

Fred was in shock, he didn't quite understand and was bewildered by all the new, yet familiar faces surrounding him. "Are you-are you my family?" Fred had never felt such warmth from so many different people at once in his entire life. Their radiant smiles permeated Fred's cracked skin and made him feel rejuvenated and young again. 

The one that he felt was his sister, or a distant cousin spoke "When they came here in 1969, you know, the guys from Earth, they found us, and gave us earth culture and the technology to survive, for our society to flourish. But, we had to make a trade. We traded you for it. all of it." She began to start sobbing violently in extreme sorrow.

Fred's dad interrupted, "There's not a day that goes by that I don't regret it. Welcome home son, We have a lot to catch up on."

Fred felt happy, as if he could walk again. But he was walking again. "That's funny, I can't remember the last time I could walk." Fred felt like he could relate to his newfound family, the ones who had so much in common with him. "We love you so much" 

Fred smiled

"I don't know what happened, he flat lined about an hour ago, right after I left the room to go and fetch him some more water!" The nurse was exclaiming in a frenzied panic. The doctor held up Fred's limp arm to take a pulse. He was gone. "Well something must've happened, he has this weird smile on his face. Huh. I wish I knew what he experienced before he died, must've been some realization of what life's all about. The guys lucky, some people never find out."

Fred was in eternal bliss