I danced along the stars while the space in between sang its tune. 

April 21st 2031. 1:00 AM PT. By the witching hour, when the last thoughts bled into the night and the last lamp was turned off, my high pitched scream tore through the air-filled space station. My father told me that it seemed as though my cry reached the very edges of space itself. And it did. 

The stars whispered amongst themselves, telling the story of the girl who cried in the past, the present, and the future. They spoke of a child, as pure and as rough as a diamond, who could finally listen to the stories they yearned to tell.

There were never any children at the Starboard Station, and my mother died in childbirth--science wasn't advanced enough for a space birth. My father stayed with me till I was old enough to understand that he had to leave, even though that meant leaving me behind. I was kept company by the rotation of scientists and engineers in the Starboard. But mostly, I loved to listen to the planets and the stars, who sang of their birth and their deaths from millions of light years away. Space seemed to twinkle each time I passed a window or went out, pulsing with excitement to tell me of the brightest and darkest periods of their lives. They spoke in tones, high as the sounds of breaking ice and low as the grumblings of a waking volcano, and they spoke in colors. I always knew when something terrible or amazing happened by how dark the star seemed to be. It seemed as though they wanted us to see the worst as it was reflected against an unforgiving black canvas. And how the Earth had so much to say for such a young planet. 

As it's light shone into the void, it told me of its birth and its death. I've never been able to repeat how it ends, and not because those on the Starboard would be disbelieving. But because it will be so absolute, so finite, so beautiful. The Heavens will be the orchestra, the lights will be the stage, and the void will be its audience. My power was to know that we are all but elements in an astounding play that is bound to end.