[EU] http://audioworm.rein-online.org/

I am going to die, I thought. This shelter was supposed to protect us normal people from the End Bringers and now the Leviathan has dug into the shelter through the floor despite the shelter being 20 meter’s underground. It is now tearing apart the corpses of 3 caps that tried to stop this monster from killing the 5,000 people now trapped in a hole that was filling with water thanks to the creature’s water shadow. It seems to be taking delight in causing fear as it looks around the bunker at the faces of the humans it is about to kill. With its many eyes and eerie silence, we all look at our doom.

The leviathan is blocking the only exit from this bunker but behind it, up the corridor past the door a figure is creeping toward it. My hope is crushed only moments after I see the costumed hero, I recognize this cape. She is a super villain who has been in the news recently, there is an agreement that any ‘S’ class threat like the End Bringers will be fought by all capes good and evil, side by side. Everyone fought the End Bringers, so her being here was not to surprising.  What caused me to weep was the fact that I knew her power was controlling bugs, which was completely useless against the Leviathan and his water. Second, she was barely able to walk, her arm was obviously broken and she half dragged a polearm that was taller than she was and weighed almost as much. 

She was tall wearing a black suit with long black hair free and the suit was styled to look insect like and fitted her well, she must have spent a lot of money to have an outfit like that. She however could not weigh more than 120 pounds and I had just seen Leviathan face two capes that I knew were mid-range brawlers, which meant super human strength and toughness, Leviathan had torn them apart, I could still FEEL their screams of pain deep within my soul. This little girl, this Villain, could do nothing but die and add another death scream to scare my soul, only moments before I meet a similar death.

She should run, she can get away if she wanted, there is no reason for her to come down here. I do not want the last thing I hear to be a little girl screaming in pain, I wish she would run before he sees her, she is too close now the beasts tail almost hit her and she was half drowned just by his watery after image. Please flee while you can, I want to know that someone survived this thing. He has not seen you yet, run. 

Instead of running the girl jumped in close and low to the rear of the 10 foot tall monster and brought the blade of the polearm up and into the base of its tail and somehow cutting half way through it. 

Impossible I though, I had seen the most powerful capes in the world hit this thing with forces beyond comprehension and they had barely scratched it and now a girl younger than my daughter just hurt this thing worse than he had ever seen. The monster tried to claw at her and missed high and over balanced and fell on its side. The girl was up out of the water 5 feet out the door and she was now running for the stairs to the street. The leviathan didn’t scream of course, it had no mouth, but everything about its movements screamed rage. It barged up the hall way after the girl barley able to fit through the passage. I could see past him as the girl reached the top of the stair and run, drawing this monster after her.

Shock overwhelmed me and time seemed to slow as the realisation that a Villain had just done the most heroic thing I have ever even heard about. She had no power that could hurt that thing, she was hurt, badly. No-one would have blamed her if she had saved herself. She saved me, a skinny 18-year-old with a broken arm just saved the lives of 5,000 people while I sat and watched. I’m 40 years old and weigh 250pounds of pure muscle, I should be dying to save her not the other way around. I could have swung that polearm much harder than she did. I looked in the water where she had hurt the beast and saw that she had dropped the weapon as she fled and rage exploded inside me, if she can fight that thing to save me than I can fight it to save her. Leaping to my feet I ran to the weapon while Leviathan was still climbing out of the bunker stairs.

Visions tried to intrude into my consciousness but I fought it back and raced up the water filled stair as Leviathan moved out of site following the girl. I reached the top of the stair and saw with horror the monster swipe its claw with super human speed toward a cloud of bugs and the after image of water scythed out like a blade from its ark and slammed into more than a cloud of bugs. The girl screamed as the force of the water threw her 30 feet forward and it cut cleanly through a concrete pillar as she flew past it, like the high-pressure water cutting tool it was.

I could not save her, he cut her in half right in front of me and I could do nothing. Rage and despair welled up inside me again and again a vision tried to take me. I had no time for daydreaming, I had a monster to kill. I did the only thing my conscience would allow and I attacked the 10 foot tall End Bringer that has super human strength, speed, durability and leaves high pressure water where ever his body was a moment before. I think this was the first time I was truly happy and at the same time crying for the girl who just died and I don’t even know her name.

I moved forward behind it, intent on finishing what she had started and cut off that tail. I leapt into the air and brought down the blade with all my strength down on the base of the tail from above. As before the blade made it half way through and stopped, there must only be half an inch of bone left holding the tail on. I had no time to try another blow as Leviathan spun on me and backhanded me in the chest, only instead of my organs and bones bursting from the force his hand seemed to crumple against my chest. Only the watery after image hit me with any force but again it was muted, it still through me back 20 feet. 

The beast is completely alien and yet I could tell that it was feeling confusion and fear. It could still move its tail as the cuts from below and above had not severed the muscles to the sides and it swept the tail side to side now as it crouched to leap at me. Just then the fuzzy greyness around the blade of my polearm went still and I could guess that this blade would not cut so well again. I think Leviathan also guessed that fact too, because he lunged forward to kill. I stabbed the blade into its chest and it didn’t cut the skin, but the force of his momentum drove the out of my hands behind me. I could have sworn that part of the metal shaft had come off in my hands, like paint peeling off. I felt the beasts thumb claw on my chest and its fingers around my side to press the rest of its claws into my back, to meet in the middle.

Only the claws did not penetrate, they broke off. I grabbed its arm, it was said to be as hard as steal and my fingers sank into it like slime and I pulled away a large chunk of fore arm muscle. The beast spun and threw me into the brick wall of a building, only to have the bricks crumble to dust as I struck it. It slowed my fall and hurt a lot but it should have killed me, was I a cape now too? The visions, were they a trigger event. It is said that only during times of extreme stress and pain do powers manifest. It didn’t matter, I can hurt this thing and it knows it. I push my way back out to the street through the rubble that had fallen on me, now crumbling to dust at my touch. 

The water is feeling thicker somehow and step out and put my foot down into the water on the other side of the wall only to find it supporting my weight as if it were a water bed I was standing on not a flowing stream that was a street. I lost my balance and reach out to the wall to steady myself only to have it crumble beneath my hands and send me tumbling into the street. Lying on top of the water that felt like moving steel I realised too late the danger I was in.

Leviathan swept his claw through the air the same way he had done to the girl and the blade of water rushed toward me. The force and density of the water saved me, the water should have felt like a knife cutting through me but instead it felt like getting hit by a ton of feathers. It still knocked me back but I was not cut in half. The thought that crossed my mind was that if he had just splashed the water on me then it would have hurt way more as the rain that was falling was actually starting to hurt. Just then a howl came from up the street behind me and a pack giant monster dogs bound past me to attack Leviathan.

They were stirring up the water and I was thrown from my feet into the wall again, it disintegrated at my touch, again. The dogs were no match for this giant lizard thing, if I could only get my hands on him again I could tear chunks off him. I can hardly stand however and this rain is really starting to hurt, like being in a hail storm. I look up only to see a 500 pound dog be thrown on top of me and drive me back into the mud that feels way to solid, I feel my ribs breaking under the weight and momentum of the corpse. My head hits the mud with a squish, at first and then the mud became as hard as stone and the light seemed to grow bright and then everything went dark as a golden man descended out of the sky.


//  scene adapted from https://parahumans.wordpress.com/2012/03/17/extermination-8-5/
// Australian Spelling 