"You never listen to me!" she shouts, throwing the pillow towards me. 

"Come o-on, baby..." I stammer a reply in return, catching the pillow in the air before it hit me. 

She screams expletives at me and I apologise profusely even though I know the end result of this argument. It's the same with everything. It is my hope that it will be different but I don't think it will be. I am mentally contradicting myself, wishing for the best and knowing it's never going to get there. But I can't help it. I love her as life itself. But this relationship has run its course. And she has decided to kill it. 

"I'm done. I'm not doing this anymore. No matter what you say or do, I'm done. I'm done with you. I'm done with us." 

And with that, the door slams in my face. 

---

It has been a full day now since she dumped me, slamming her front door in my face. In a different time, the embarrassment of being dumped in a shouting match in the view of her neighbors would have coloured me red. Now, it's just a time stamp in memory. Her nosy neighbor, Mrs Johnson, would watch me do the walk of shame back into my car, smiling in the satisfied way she does. She's a hag, if I'm being honest. Nothing but bad blood between her and I. After I'm done cementing my first conquest, I'll turn my attention to her. 

I get off the bed I've been laying on. The ceiling has lost all its allure to me. I slowly make my way to the attic, reminiscing on the good times Sarah and I have shared over the last couple years. There's a sense of comfort in the memories, I think. The duration has been getting longer and longer. Maybe this time, it becomes permanent. 

The attic is cold, but not such as it should be. The temperature outside is much hotter. But it's cold here. Always. I mean, if I am to believe death is a cold feeling, then this is not too far out. Ignoring the boxes of trash littering the room, there's a basin of sorts, in the middle of my attic filled with a bright blue liquid. I sink my hands into it, and begin to mutter some words of power to myself. 

I shut my eyes as my chant grows and begins to echo in the small room. The image of Sarah forms in my mind and I know if anyone was looking, they would see her face reflect on the surface of the liquid. Power leaves me, as the liquid begins to bubble, turning a dark green. It heats up but doesn't hurt me, boiling over as the sound of my chanting rises in fervor and intensity. As I say the last word in my chant, I open my eyes in time to catch the liquid transform instantly into a dark liquid. 

I remove my hands from it and it solidifies. I wipe my forehead on my sleeve and exit the room, locking it behind me. As I walk down the stairs, my phone rings and I see Sarah's familiar face on my call screen. 

"Hey hunny," I say as I pick up the call. 

"Baby! I miss you!! I was wondering if I could come over so that we could talk?" her voice comes through and I smile. 

"Yeah. Come over. My door's always open to you" 

"Okay. I'm on my way."

The phone cuts and I let loose a heavy sigh of relief. Maybe this time, it becomes permanent. It's only my tenth try, after all. 

---

/r/EvenAsIWrite for more stories. 