I don't usually do this sort of thing but here goes! Also on mobile so hopefully there aren't too many mistakes.

The bed creaked as the man laying on it propped his pillows up against the wall above his head. He managed to get his back comfortable and then pressed his head against the icy cold wall.

"Another day... Another boring day." 

The man's dark brown eyes had long lost the glistening sparkle of hope. They stared at the ceiling tiles above, counting their edges as he worked his way around the room. There was a faint humming from a light outside the room, and it wouldn't occasionally flicker off. He knew this because it was the same every night, the light crept under his door, and occasionally would vanish completely, leaving him in the pitch black.

He cursed under his breath as he slouched over, curling up in the fetal position.

"You can't die! No! Promise me you won't die! Right now!"

Tears streamed down his face, as began to remember that dreadful night. His left hand made it's way to his ribcage, gently caressing an ancient scar.

"I pro-omise... I won't die, just for you..."

A weak smile displayed on his now soaked face. 

"Ohh... How long has it been, love?~"

He spoke softly as if to a non-existent presence. 

Two hundred years ago, he made his way across the country to meet an old friend. It was the first time that he saw her face in thirteen years. When he first has met her, they were in grade school, and she happened to be a new transfer student.

When she entered the classroom, he was completely stunned. Starstruck if you will, he saw butterflies and rainbows all around in his teenage mind. She was the One. His One.

Unresolved feelings reverberated throughout his old soul in the form of her precious laughter.

"I can't believe I couldn't tell you... Dammit! I was such an idiot..."

She had moved across the country not long after arriving in his small town. Yet, even though time was short, the bond they formed was unbreakable, except it was a bond of friends and not lovers like he had desired.

Thirteen years passed and when they finally met up, the unresolved feelings surfaced again. He struggled to contain it. He knew full well that she was married now, and he too was married. But he still could not shake this feeling he had, the fuzzy warmth, the childish excitement. It was all very real just like years ago.

As they sat in a local coffee shop sipping on their drinks, he decided he would finally open up and tell her exactly how he felt all these years. 

The last thing he remembered was opening his mouth to speak when a sudden sharp pain burned through his left side. Almost instantly he hit the hardwood floor, his eyes peeled down noticing a dark red substance gathering on the floor.

"That's not my drink..?"

He had thought to himself completely in shock. His head turned to meet hers as his vision became blurred. It was then she cried out at his side, and begged him not to die.

When he awoke, he was in the ICU of an unfamiliar hospital. His friend was nowhere to be found. His heart sank.

"What the hell happened..?"

A voice suddenly started speaking from his right-hand side.

"You're a lucky guy. There was a shootout downtown near the coffee shop. You got hit with a stray bullet and managed to pull through."

His heart was pounding in his head as his kind raced trying to piece together what happened.

"I was with someone, where is she?"

"Excuse me?"

The doctor looked down at him with a quizzical expression.

"The report here states you were alone at the coffee shop, and you arrived alone."

"W-what..?"

He didn't believe what he was hearing, there was no way it could be true. They were together, discussing little things and catching up on their past.

"I didn't damn well fly across the country to drink coffee alone, where the hell is she?!"

He exclaimed in a sudden outburst of anger.

"I'm sorry, but you were the only customer in the coffee shop at the time of the incident."

He felt a jolt of pain as he attempted to lurch forward in great agony. He then fell back onto the hospital bed and closed his eyes. He cursed under his breath several times, before whispering 

"Where are you..?"

Suddenly, the light flickered and the loud hum kicked in again. He was back in the room, curled up and soaked of sweat and tears.

"Where are you..?"

Even after two hundred years, he still didn't have the answer.