“Morguro pulchrifex matudo! Polgoram dominus homini!”

The High Priest’s voice thundered and roared, clawing at the thin film of reality above the summoning circle. I inhaled, counted to two, and exhaled. Inhaled, counted to two, exhaled. Of all the openings to the Month of Repentance, this was the last I had expected.

What I had counted on was a quiet pilgrimage to the Tower of Sanctity, a chat with the Abbot about how our order could support his goals, and a 20 day fast and clarification. What I hadn’t counted on was betrayal by the perfidious owner of the Golden Lotus Caravanserai, and having my body sold to the Cult of Deimos.

I inhaled. One. Two. I exhaled. The priest’s voice was rising to a shriek, supported by the low chanting of his acolytes. Above me I could ‘see’ the writhing mass of black snakes and poison that was set to descend into my mind. Below me I could see the mass of parchment and red ink where I was to inscribe the ‘lessons’ of this entity for the ‘edification’ of the cult.

I inhaled. One. Two. And I sprang upwards through the veil. My subtle body parted with my gross, and I stood in the Realm of Fire. The Demon seemed surprised to see me, but its naked hunger for human blood dripped from its central maw like drool.

What the Cult of Deimos had not known is that I was no stranger to the Realm of Fire.

I launched forward and wrestled with the snakes. They oiled and coiled over my subtle body, locking me in, winding around my throat and penetrating my hair. When one pushed into my mouth, it’s dark skin tasting of ash and despair, I knew I had it. I pushed myself backward and crashed, as if guided by gravity, back through the veil, yanking the thing’s subtle body into the Realm of Clay.

I can’t imagine what it must have looked like as I pulled the Thing into this gross world. Time and space swirling and shifting to enrobe its horrible essence in a cloak of physical being. It hissed and gurgled. I knew it didn’t have long here. Its slipshod, hastily assembled body couldn’t last more than a few minutes.

Now I stood, in my own body, suddenly in possession of a demon. It’s mandibles clacked. I directed it towards my manacles, and it shattered cold iron like it was wood.

The cultists attempted desperately to unlock the heavy wooden door that led to the staircase. “Destroy the key,” I told the demon, and it slithered forward hissing. A short bout of yelling, screaming, and scrabbling, and a short ‘snap’ told me it was done.

‘Now!’ I shouted in a penetrating tone, “You have called to the Realm of Fire to send you an emissary. And you have one. The question I want to know, is why.” The shriek of their leader was desperate now, a plead, an excuse, a confession.

“No!” I shouted back, “I don’t wish to know your opinion of why. I want to know WHY.”

“Demon!” I commanded, “ask him why. If you love his answer, you may have his blood.” 

Five hideous snake heads raised towards the priest’s ashen face. They paused for a moment, gently hissing, swiveling. Then they leapt forward down his throat and tore him apart. I turned away, afraid that my gross body would revolt, faint, or try to come to his aid. A gurgling minute later the Thing turned on the next cultist and fixed him with a five-headed glare.

“Friends!” I shouted. “Uncloud your minds! Reach for you goodness. Reach for your kindness. The Inferenti love not these things!”

If they understood me, they had too little kindness to reach for, for shrieking minute after grinding second, the Thing looked into their eyes and gave them what they sought—power, violence, domination.

Finally, the last woman stood before it, shaking, and when it Asked, it sank back to the floor and writhed.

“Why?” I asked in human speech.

Her voice was shaky, but determined. “I sought—knowledge. I sought to understand the Realm of Fire, to know what lay beyond the veil.”

The Demon dragged itself, almost piteously toward the center of the room.

“And did you find what you sought?”

She nodded, “In a manner.”

I nodded curtly. “Demon, destroy that door. Then I release you from this plane.”

It tore the heavy oak apart as swiftly as it had torn the priest, then pulled itself to the center of the room and disintegrated.

I walked toward the torch lit stair, ascending toward the ordinary world.

“Come with me if you want to learn.”