Winter Wednesdays were the worst. Something about the cold cloudy skies and facing the long stretch before the weekend after having survived half a week always drove people to dark places. I'd have the steady drip of melancholy and defeat. 9-5ers, college students, and stay-at-home moms, who would give it all away just to make it through the day.

It was better than nothing.

The box was set up in an empty office space at a strip mall. It was a bit of a drive, but I didn't want a steady stream of the city's madness driven to my doorstep. Just the ones who felt bad enough to drive out to the industrial area, past the pretty suburbs and clean parking lots filled with smiling children and loving couples. 

They would sit in their car, surrounded by the sea of grey concrete, staring at the wheel. They knew it was not natural.  They knew they were giving up part of themselves. But the dark fog of despair rose up to their necks and they were drowning. Only when they would take any line thrown to them did they show up at my box. Would they drive home to their friends and families and smile, or just keep driving down the road out of town and away from their life?  They always wanted to go back.

I gave them an easy way to get through the week.

A swinging glass door chimed when they entered. New customers would look around, surprised, expecting a salesperson to slide out to greet them. Instead, they were met by worn turquoise carpet and a table with the box. Above it was a slightly leaning pole with a sign on it, like you'd see outside a mom-n-pop that couldn't go up against the Big Box stores. 

"Place both hands on the sides," said the sign, "and feel what you want to donate away."  

"Much of your pain is self-chosen," it continued, "It is the bitter potion by which the physician within you heals your sick self. Therefore trust the physician, and drink his remedy in silence and tranquillity." And finally, "Thank you for your donation," it said in bold letters at the bottom.

I had added the final part after a long night of drinking. A epiphany of sorts. Before, people had simply poured it all into the box. They'd left tired but not quite certain of what to feel until they had left. Now, as people placed their hands on the box and read those last few lines, I'd get just a wisp of something better.

Relief. Pride. Satisfaction. Every once in a while, maybe a hint of happiness. They felt like they were doing *something good* by donating. As if these emotions were being given out to needy children, or impoverished families, or some poor community. Only through the grace of their good will could these individuals survive - which was not far off the truth. I lived off that silver lining. I needed to get that beginning of happiness that was just about to blossom as they took their hands off the box. I could almost feel the tight aroma from within those flowers dimly in my body.

For a moment, I could feel something other than shades of pain.

One night, I stared coldly at the box wondering what vicious cocktail I would face in the darkness that evening. It was a winter Wednesday, which often meant the worst of my customers would be in the box today. They returned weekly, unable or unwilling to feel their way through the flickering shadows of emotions that guided us in life. The cloying familiarity of the salesman, or the executive, or the mechanic, or the single mother, always left a bitter taste in my mouth. Perhaps, I wondered not for the first time, I wanted something different.  Perhaps I should just stop if I knew what would in there tonight and wait until tomorrow.

Gulping the liquor in my hand, I reached out for it before I could stop. I knew as well as my customers that when you stood on the edge of a void, it was hard to throw yourself in. 

I grasped the box and gasped as the room dimmed around me. Underneath the current of regulars, I felt something else. Something wonderful. With ease, I sifted through the layers until I reached out - just a sliver, a moment of a moment. I closed my eyes and I pictured the single mother who had grabbed the box. I saw her heave a sigh of relief and felt all the guilt, the fear, and the horror about her life as my own. A life she didn't want.  A child she didn't want. A future she could not face. 

She bowed her head, and rested it against the table just for a second. In that moment, her son reached up and touched the box before she could slap his hands away.

It was nothing I had ever felt before. It had been far too short to take it all, and I don't even know if I could have felt it all. It was flashes of moments and feelings that I had never known. 

I felt.. happy. I was awed by the ocean of turquoise carpet that stretched across the room. I was excited that Nicole, the sitter, was sick so I could drive around with my mom. I was curious about the special box. I was happy. I was happy that I got to spend time with my mom. I was happy that I got to see a new strip mall. I was happy that my boots had kept my feet warm while I stomped through the slush outside. 

I dove deeper into the stream. The shock of it left me shaking as I swum deeper and deeper into the small donation that had been given. I felt that threaded through it all was happiness about being alive and living a life. 

Finally, it fluttered away from my scrutiny and disappeared, evaporating into whatever empty space that had left me so broken. My hands fell away from the box, and I rubbed my bleary red-tinged eyes. My muscles were sore and I was exhausted. I sat back in the chair and stared at the box. I could almost remember what it felt like. I could almost remember the pure exuberance, the innocence, of his tiny life. Did my heart beat slightly faster? Did my fingers shake? 

I stared at the box once again as the morning sun slipped into the sky. I knew there were other deposits in there still.  I knew I could place my hands on it once again, or put it back and wait for new ones tonight. 

I almost did it. I almost reached out. But I couldn't, I couldn't bare to feel the maelstrom that sat within it. Instead, I closed the blinds and plunged the room into darkness.  I sat heavily in my chair and stared numbly at nothing. I tumbled into the yawning void, the nothingness of my soul, and I shut my eyes and tried very hard to remember. 



