First time /r/writingprompts, also I wrote this up on my phone while waiting for class to start, thank you!





“Things just aren't the same anymore Lucy.”


The greenskinned, grotesque elder god mumbled as he slammed another shot of whiskey. 


“I'm terrifying! I make mortals go mad, Lucy, MAD. Simply laying their eyes on me is enough to make their eyes roll back and lose all semblance of their former selves. But now? Now I'm just some sort of pop icon. They make games about me, they drop my name left and right. I've become a joke Lucy.”


The elder god caressed the side of his glass. Lucy took a sideways glance at the three empty bottles of whiskey already pushed off to the other side of the counter. Raising an eyebrow, he poured the elder god another shot of whiskey.


“Come now Lu, cheer up. It's not all doom and gloom… well I suppose it is with you. Look, all I'm trying to say is that you're so much more than just a pop icon. Maybe it's been kind of long, you know, since you revealed yourself to the mortals. You know how time flows in this place, if doesn't quite… flow. Why don’tcha just descend for a millennia or two, spook em a little.”


The elder god hesitated for a moment. He stared plaintively at the now empty glass before speaking again.


“I can't do that Lucy. YHWH forbade us eldritch creatures from messing with the mortals after last time’s incident, at least not until rapture and whatnot... Well, I have to get going, or else the missus will give me an earful.”


The elder god unsteadily got up from his seat and reached for his coat, nearly falling over before catching himself on the counter. The elder god patted his pockets, probably looking for his keys. 


Hearing a slight jingle in front of him, the elder god looked up to see Lucy dangling the elder god’s keys in front of him.


“Are you fit to drive, Lu? Remember YHWH? Remember last time’s incident?”


“YHWH damn it Lucy, give me my keys!”


“If you say so Lu, but I won't be able to cover your ass again if anything happens.”


The elder god grabbed his keys and trudged out the front door.


“Why did you give him his keys back Lucy? He downed three bottles of whiskey.”


Lucy stared at an old, rolled up newspaper that he kept around to swat flies.


‘Breaking News, a strange vessel from outer space has crash landed in New York!’


“Well Shogg, don't you think things’ll be more fun this way?”
