Chris looked down, bewildered. The bear that he had slept with every single day from his day of birth until he was 14 years old was now looking up at him with a maniacal smirk plastered on his fuzzy face. His eyes were a glowing red, reflecting a fury Chris hadn't seen before."You stupid asshole", the bear he had dubbed "Fluffkins" snarled at him from the floor of his New York apartment. "All these years, you were never able to figure out that I was the devil? The signs were all there! Remember your childhood house burning down? All your possessions gone... except for me? Didn't you ever find that suspicious? Or how about the time where your dad gave your brother Tony the key to his fortune, even though you were the one who had been working hard?"

Chris had sunken to his knees now, eyes moist. "You bastard!" Chris screamed, flailing towards the bear. Fluffkins merely step aside as Chris crashed into a table. A picture frame, ironically holding a picture of him and Mindy, crashed to the floor, breaking into thousands of little glass shards. "Oh, name calling will do nothing now", the bear roared. All of a sudden, a low rumbling began. The apartment seemingly disintegrated, and he found himself surrounded by flames, by torture chambers, and by the now ten foot tall bear, who had horns emerge from the fluff. Otherwise, he was the same looking brown teddy bear, with innocuous button eyes and round little ears. "Welcome to hell, buddy boy!" the bear rumbled, letting out a belly laugh that echoed throughout the depths of hell. Chris screamed a horrible scream as he felt his body taken over by a white hot pain, engulfed by the flames that had engulfed his childhood. The bear kept laughing, reveling in Chris's pain. His plan that had been 25 years in the making had finally worked. Chris would pay for his father's sins upon the world.

A new figure sauntered into the chamber. She had long legs, was as curvy as a curly fry, and had scorching red hair. Her sea green eyes would be enough to hypnotize any married man into leaving his wife and convince a gay man to become straight. She too grew to 10 feet tall, and greeted Fluffkins with a passionate kiss. "Thanks babe, for all of your help" Fluffkins exclaimed. "This couldn't have worked without you." Mindy looked up at her husband, then at the tortured Chris. Chris's face contorted into shock, and then a desperate pain. Mindy looked back and locked lips one more time with Fluffkins. "The pleasure was all mine."

Edit: First time poster, any feedback greatly appreciated!