"Good morning!" I greeted the nurse who was assigned to me, but this time I didn't look at her. I didn't need to, I could sense her nerves tensing just a bit more than yesterday's morning greeting, but this time I think she would be even more pleased.

I suspected her shock would register as surprise and excitement, and I wasn't too far off. 

"A good morning to you too." Her voice was a little more mellow than usual, and she approached the end of my bed. "Another day, another breath of air." I said, smiling at her. Last night she'd tried to kill me by fucking with my oxygen supply. Her eyes would have shot at me had they not already been glued to mine, which were somehow more lively than hers. Instead her glare didn't change. "That's what I like to hear." She replied, looking down at my file.

"Are you going to stop?" I asked. She looked at me through the space above her glasses. Before she answered, I corrected myself with, "Are you going to stop visiting me?"

"What do you mean?"

"Well they told me you were promoted to another position, does that mean you aren't really my nurse?"

She looked up and took off her glasses as she walked closer, placing her hand on the side of my head, like a mother would to her child. Then her eyes softened and her brows furrowed for a second before a kind smile formed unnaturally on her lips. She brought her lips closer to my ear, clenching my jaw. "I will kill you tonight, I promise." 

I blacked out after feeling a sting on my arm. When she said that, her-- its voice was raspy, like it had been alive and fed for longer than a century.

I woke up again. I didn't see her the next morning, but I was greeted by a different nurse. It was a miracle. My cancer had disappeared. I was perfectly healthy, and the doctor released me a week later. There was no mention of the nurse... they did not say anything about why I had a different nurse. I didn't say anything either. I was perfectly happy and alive, after all, and I think I'm going to apply to a nursing school.