Ptaimon was concerned. He was the god of phlurgh, which roughly translates to that feeling when you had one single chore to do all day, but completely forgot and now the chore giver has come home, but this was not why he was concerned. 
 
He let his gaze wander among the cast crowd of gods assembled. There were thousands of them, in all shapes and sizes bustling about. The air itself hummed with power emanating from these beings, with the occasional thunder going of as pure energy was trying to escape the confines of the hall. 

They were in the great hall. It was called such because every single god ever knew of it. And yet, the hall was mysterious even to them. It had seemingly always been there, a giant hall capable of housing all the gods ever known, and not be destroyed by the pure power that the gods could not help surrounding themselves with. The hall looked like a...well a hall, built by wood and brick. And yet this could obviously not be the case. 

Another thing that mystified the gods was how the illumination was done. The hall had a soft glow and you could not find a single shadow in the entire construction. There were many more mysteries regarding the building, but none more so than the question of the message. 
It was rarely spoken of, and if it was it was only in hushed tones among a small gathering of two or three gods. It had taken on a kind of legendary quality, as not many had ever seen the message, and the few that had warned others about seeking it. It was said that one of the pillars supporting the roof had a small message at the base, a message of impossibility. It made the gods profoundly uncomfortable.  

But even this was not what was occupying the thoughts of Ptaimon, the god of phlurgh, at this time.  
 
There was a reason Ptaimon and all the other gods had assembled in the great hall, the only reason so many of them would ever gather. It was election time. The deciding moment when someone would be given command of earth.  
 
Earth had been a problem since its very beginning. Several gods had attempted to manage the place but they had always made a mess of it. A couple had mismanaged it to disastrous effects. Of course, it probably didn’t help that most of the gods here had meddled with the place one time or another, adding to the chaos riding the planet.  

Ptaimon himself had had some fun with the mortals there. Well, more than one time if he was going to be honest. He was worried that there might be consequences for his actions, depending on what commander was elected. He new that he himself was not nearly important enough to be considered for it. A fate he shared with most of the gods here. Even if most of them were still arguing about it and not realizing that there really was only five realistic candidates. 

Ptaimon had seen those five power players leave the main hall and go into one of the much smaller side halls to determine which of them would rule. This is were he was still standing, not quite daring to try to eavesdrop. He sighed. This was pointless, time to stop worrying and explore the main hall. Maybe I should go find the message, he thought to himself as he slowly walked away, still looking over his shoulder to were the five prime power gods were discussing the future of earth.  
 
The five gods were sitting at a round table. One of them spoke.
  
"I think it should be me" 

it was the High Chief Economist that spoke, the god of business. His preferred form was the look of a mortal man in a suit. But, had he ever walked on earth like that, he would have turned every man he met into plastic surgeons, instantly ready to re-arrange his face.  

"I´m already running the place. Practically all power is in the hands of my believers, so naturally command should be given to me." 

His all too handsome face was projecting utter confidence in himself and his own words. Like nobody could ever question him or his right to rule. The other god however were not easily impressed. 

"Hah! That only means your part of the problem. You are not part of the solution." This time it was the smallest god that had spoken. It was Phanton, the god of awkwardly timed erections. His chosen form on this occasion was that of quite average looking sloth. 

Three gods had yet to say a word, content for the time being to listen to the other two. 

