"Hello Jeremy."

"Hello," he says naturally. It was a good sign.

"Sit down," I told him.

He sat easily in his own chair, in his home, asked to do so by a stranger in the dark. This was beginning to look promising. I pulled on the beaded cord, causing the lamp to illuminate the room. I could see his face now, a look of surprise shone in his eyes and a smile tugged at the corners of his mouth.

"M\-mr. Chen. Jiasun Chen, wow in my house!"

"I need to ask you a few questions."

"Me?"

"Why did you say 'Hello' earlier?"

"Hello? Oh, right. Well you said Hello Jeremy."

"So, you were being polite?"

"Well, you knew my name. You were in my house. I gathered this wasn't a random occurrence. And you didn't seem particularly threatening, no smoking gun in hand, and I wasn't being strong armed to sit\-down, so I said Hello."

I stood up and opened the curtains, the bit of poor light from the sun creeping beyond the horizon blanketed the room gray. The soft glow of the lamp giving a false sense of warmth. "Jeremy, do you know what it means to be a nice person? It does not mean blind sense, naivety. It is critical for every person to judge the world that they have created around them. When you came into the room, I asked you to sit. You did so willingly, though with some form of information at hand. You believed that if I was not a stranger, than there was nothing for you to fear. You've made an old man smile today."

I picked up the remote and clicked on the television set, "Breaking News! Beloved humanitarian Jiasun Chen and his wife has released a public statement earlier this morning in Taipei that they will be permently sealing themselves into a bunker beneath 100 tons of rock," I changed the channel, "Public outcry at Jiasun Chen and his wife Dr. Judy Chen for deciding to retreat into an underground bunker has crashed social media. The couple will be joining a selective colony of individuals," I changed the channel again, "The blast to secure the privacy of their bunker will be felt in a radius of nearly 20 miles, that's comparable to the nuclear blast at Hiroshima," I changed the channel once again, a reporter was interviewing a public member, "They're basically saying they've given up on us. It's a slap to the face for everyone that put their trust in them. You'd think that they would give everyone an opportunity to join them, but in the end it just shows what kind of elitists they actually are!" I pressed the mute button as the news reporter continued in the background.

"Jeremy, would you like to come with me?"

"What? Where? To the bunker?"

"Yes."

"Mr. Chen, I can't. You can't? There's so many people who depend on you."

"What if I told you, that this was the only way to survive. That there was no other way, that humankind would end in the next 6 hours?"

Jeremy sat down in the chair, I could see the grief crawl across his face, "We're all going to die?"

"Yes. Except those in my bunker. I've saved the smartest and the brightest, in order to give humanity the best chance. Will you come with me?"

"What's coming?"

"A rogue asteroid from space will collide with the Earth, no one would know until its already broken through our atmosphere. Everything you've come to know, will be destroyed."

"Will there be survivors?"

"It's a nearly instant impact from space."

"Will there be survivors?"

"Some will survive, very few, less than 5&#37; of all life on the surface of the planet will make it through."

"How do I survive, I mean, what's my best chances of survival if I choose not to go with you."

"Why would you not come with me?"

"There will be survivors, they'll need help. I'll take as many people with me to the safest place and wait it out. There has to be something you could do to help me, give me the best chance."

I placed a set of keys in front of Jeremy and then looked him in the eye, "You will still die. When you emerge, the world will be in utter chaos. All forms of institutions will fail. There will be limited medicine, problems securing drinkable water, breathable air, the entire infrastructure as you've come to know will cease to exist."

He took the keys from me, "Just tell me which direction to run.

I nodded slowly, "Alright Jeremy. My bottom office in midtown, it has been built to withstand something of this magnitude. You better leave now, there isn't much time."

The kid bolted down the hall, he began knocking on all the doors, waking up the small apartment complex, "Come  on Mr. Woodrow you've got to wake up and come with me. Stacy! Stacy! Wake up, we've all got to go. June! Get your kids, you've got to follow me." One by one, I could hear their doors open, questions rose sleepily in the air. "What's going on," I heard someone ask. "I don't know," came another voice, "But that sounded as if Jeremy wanted us to follow him." "Does he know what time it is?" "I suppose." There was a pause. "Alright, let me get my walker."

A shadow emerged from behind me, it placed a hand on my shoulder, "Shouldn't you tell him?"

"About the stage four? No."

"What do you think he'll do once he gets to the office?"

"I don't know, but its going to be a hell of a bamboozle," I laughed which caused me tp cough. The taste of iron in my throat told me nothing new. "Come here," I motioned to my wife. She sat down next to me, "What will you do," I asked her?

"The same thing I've always done, stay by your side."

I looked into her eyes, there was so much I wanted to say, to tell her. But 32 years of marriage and all I could manage was, "Thank you." She smiled at me as she always has, as the sun rose from the small window, washing over the city, finally filling the small room with warmth, "This is good."