"Don't move! Stay! Stay right there!" I notice that
his hands are slightly shaking at he points the scuffed, 
no-doubt-stolen, revolver at my face. A faint portion 
of my attention can still hear the stream merrily 
flowing twenty feet away, behind the cluster of 
fur trees and the rusty hubcap that sits at their base. 

"Has this kid ever done this before?" I ask myself. 
"Adrenaline? Are you there? Fear? Apprehension? 
Vague uneasiness?" These questions pass in milliseconds, 
flying through my skull like fleeing vultures. The firm
answer remains: no. 

"Where did you get that gun?" I ask. "I think that's my
friend's gun-"

"Shut up!" The boy screams. God, is he even twenty one? What
a shrill, whiny, voice. I notice that his finger isn't
even on the trigger. He starts stammering something, no
doubt an emotional cascade triggered by the titillating 
anticipation of his impending aggression (a feeling I've longed 
to feel again for quite some time), but I didn't bother
to listen. 

I'm busy, and this kid is boring. It's the trees I came
to see. Their green leaves, or needles. The quaint stream
that reminds me of the one I used to play in as a kid. The
one behind my old house, where if you were to dig deep
enough in its muck and debris, you'd find the body of-

"-That's why you gotta die, see! That's why all you 
nerd pieces of shit gotta die!" Finally, the kid actually
puts his finger on the trigger, and the sick thing inside
me smiles a little, as it hides behind one of my upper right
ribs. I wish I could find that thing, sometimes I wonder
if I would never have to do this if that little thing
didn't hide in there. But it's not like I can remove one
of my upper right ribs. I need that to retain blood and such.

"Wait, did you just call me a nerd!?" I say in a loud voice.
This must have spooked the kid because there was a flash,
a sound, and then a considerable amount of pain in 
my left hand. He'd shot me. But I do something he doesn't
expect, what MOST amateurs with guns don't expect. 
I jump on him. 

There's these little crunching sounds as delicate pieces
of facial bone splinter beneath my profusely bleeding
fist. They're satisfying. It's like hearing popcorn
in a microwave. One after another. Pop. Pop. Pop. 

"Where'd that gun go?" I ask myself. It doesn't matter, maybe
my friend got it back while we were struggling. I look 
around for something fun to play with, and that's when
I see it. I can't believe I'd forgotten about it, The 
hubcap! 

I get off him, and retrieve the rusty saucer of metal. 
I'm not worried, he's not going anywhere. I lift the
hubcap, taking aim at the boy's neck, and in that moment- 
something happens. I feel it. I feel the emotional cascade 
triggered by the titillating anticipation of my impending
aggression. I smile. I see the trees. I hear the stream. 
It's been a good day. 
