“Hello everyone! As Im sure youve heard, I’ll be your replacement. There are going to be a lot of changes around here”

A starving african boy raised his hand, tears in his eyes, “are the earthquakes coming back?”

Bob was taken aback, “earthquakes?.. I dont remember those in the seminar. Uh, I’ll look into it ububongalongadungalo”

An elderly woman from quebec chimed in.
“I know Ive made my fair share of mistakes, but when cancer finally takes me please dont send me to hell”

Bob vomitted in his mouth a little. Cancer? Hell? NONE of this stuff was in Bob’s plan. Growing nauseous, Bob decided to take a look around.

What he found was truly shocking. Not only were god’s methods archaic and brutish, but even when nobody knew WHY they sucked they werent even socially acceptable.

Furthermore, Bob looked upon his people and was disappointed.

 Rape. Murder. Lies. 

Bob knew what to do. From his psyche Bob birthed a son. Besus.

Although merely an extension of Bob, it was up to Besus to make things right.

April 20th of 2018 Besus was given his human form. Unfortunately for Besus all of the hospitals were full, so he was birthed in the back seat of a range rover.

Over the next 24 years Besus would take up carpetry and fashion the finest ornamental rugs in the county.

It was only when Besus reached the ripe old age of 30 years young that Bob revealed his true heritage.

“Besus. it is I. Your father.”

“Bob, is that you? I was under the impression that I had no father. My mom is a virgin.”

“Okay Besus. 1: your mom totally isnt a virgin. She didnt miss your beauty pageant for nothing. 2: Yes, I am your father.”

“But Bob-“

“Shh Besus. The time for words is over. You of all people should understand that the world is corrupt and the people moreso. Besus, my sweet child, I have created you to show my people what an outstanding citizen truly is. They already have no hell to fear, no cancer to plague them. Now it is up to you, Besus.”

“But father, I am a mere carpeter. How do you expect me to show them the way?”

“Besus.”

“Father?”

“It was within you all along. Go, take your oriental rugs to the forefront of the heavens and let your artisanship throw the world into a jolly bash.”

“Are my carpets really so great, father?!”

“Youd better fucking hope so Besus. I dont have time to help you with this shit. Im charging God for malpractice.”

“O-okay father. I’ll do it. I’ll make you happy!”

Besus grabbed all the rugs in his immediate vicinity and climbed to the top of mount vesuvious. The heavens felt within reach. Surely this is where Bob had intended for him to go. 

However Besus realized that he was not alone. An angsty figure in a burgundy robe emerged from the shadows.

Throwing his cloak off of his body, revealing a 36 pack of abs, the figure smirked and gestured towards Besus.

“I’VE FINALLY FOUND YOU BESUS”

 Was this emo lookin mf really going to prevent him from doing god’s- er.. should I say Bob’s work?
“Who are you?”

A disgusting grin crept onto the figure’s face, and his smile revealed sharp triangular teeth. Something tells me this guy might be evil.
“I AM YOUR NATURAL BORN ENEMY, BEEZUSBUB! Dont you understand, Besus? I am everything that you are not. I am the ying to your yang. I exist to preserve the balance. AND AS SUCH I CAN NOT ALLOW YOU TO BRANDISH THOSE FABRICS IN FRONT OF THE WORLD.”

Besus wept. And he kept weeping. He wept a literal river, which flowed down the mountain and ushered the people of the world to look his way. Besus did not realize it, but it was happening.

Besus wiped away the last of the tears,
“Fine Beezusbub. I challenge you to a carpet off!”

“FUCK. FUCK. FUCK. The yingyang code prevents me from denying a carpet off challenge. What are your terms? Whats the catch?”

“If I win you must return to the shadows from whence you came.”

“And what if I win?”

“Then you can take ububongalongadungalo (world renowned for being the first human to speak to bob as well as envied for his supple fit african body) back to the shadows with you! As your... uh..”

“BOOK KEEPER! Ive always wanted a book keeper.”

“Hey man, you do you.”

The rules were set, and the contestants ready. Now they just had to make the carpets.

Besus used golden string and baby nerve fibres to construct an eloquent carpet that portrayed the creation of the first chia pet. He worked day and night, through wind and rain. His sweat was said to drip off of his body like honey off of a suckle.

Meanwhile Beezusbub knitted a cozy quilt out of his own long black flowing hair, which smelled of lavender. His abs were no vanity item, as he wound a string if hair around each ab and to create illustrious patterns on the quilt.

Finally came the day of retribution. Judgement day.

Each contestant showed their work. The crowd oo’ed and aw’ed at both the carpet and the quilt.

After a very stressful showday steve harvey finally arrived to deliver the results.

Besus grew doubtful, and began to weep. Classic Besus. 
“Oh geez oh heck I dont know what the frick Im gonna do”

Steve harvey gasped. “YOU CANT SAY THAT ON TV”
And gave the camera one of his patented disappointed glares.

Steve harvey returned back to the topic at hand, however.

“Ladies and gentlemen it is time to reveal the results.”

All was silent, save for Bob’s worried breathing in the clouds. I would say you could hear a pin drop, but Besus actually dropped a pin in anticapation of my saying this and the pin kindly chose not to make any noise to preserve the tension.

“BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESUUUUUUUS”

The crowed cheered. Everyone jizzed themselves. Obama was there. 

“Bub”

The celebration stopped. Besus began uncontrollably weeping, and not for the gag this time. Beezusbub snickered and recounted edgily how he could not have lost because he had just shot up a school. His nerves were poised for victory. 

Steve stood awkwardly on the stage and lookes on at every who was disappointed.

Beezusbub walked up to the mic, and began thanking satan.

Besus sat with his hands in his hair. How could he have failed? He trained his whole life for this. Bob was going to be furious.

Steve tried to butt in, “uh, beezusbub”

But the angsty young man continued his speech.

Nobody was listening however. All eyes were on Besus. The people could only imagine how he felt.

When Beezusbub finally finished his speech, a man in the crowd screamed,

“I DONT CARE IF YOU LOST BESUS, WE’LL CHANGE FOR YOU”

Besus chuckled to himself. It was a wonderful thought bu-
Wait a minute. Others were joining him.

Before long the entire world was cheering for besus.

Beezusbub became terribly flustered and started crying.

This was quickly interupted by steve harvey.

“Everyone, I have one last announcement”

What could it be? What could possibly top the events that had occurred today?

“Ive made a horrible mistake. You see the card didnt say Besusbub, it just said besus. I was trying to be hip and call him bub like wolverine in the xmen movies.”

7 billion people were visually angered. Save for ububongalongadungalo, who no longer had to serve Beezusbub.

Besus wept one last time, but this time he wept tears of joy. Bob descended from the heavens to congratulate Besus.

“Nice job I guess but god won the case and is sueing me for ruining his IP so we’re going to have to shut this whole earth thing down.”

If this were to happen today, it may have been received differently. But that day, the world was glad to end. Besus succeeding was more than enough.

The end :>