  
   
   Amir rubbed his eyes. Itchy, sleepy, mess crumbled under his fingers.  
  "Where's Mother?" he thought sluggishly. He stopped moving as he tried to recollect what had happened last night, and perhaps, where he was.  Amir cracked his eyes slightly, the light forcing it's way in like opening a clam.  

 He lay in a stainless steel room, and rather than a bed, he was in some sort of . . tank?  "The sleep!" the phrase ricocheted around the inside of his head, "the big sleep, it worked?"  Slowly, he pulled his leaden legs up and draped them over the side of the tank. 
 Amir slowly put a portion of his weight onto his shaking legs. Immediately he fell to the floor.  The pain, while not overwhelming was fairly  intense. "Painkillers" he thought as if through syrup, "I'm drugged, it must be part of the process"   
 
  Amir was only 15 and had not been too interested in the science of the sleep, honestly he had not expected it to work at all. He tried to pulls himself up, stumbled back down and tried to chuckle. His throat was incredibly dry, he squinched his mouth to make some saliva, and swallowed it down. 
 
  "Hello?" he intoned in a raspy voice that did not seem his own, "I need help, can someone help me?" 
 
  A siren of some sort began chiming as he finished his sentence, the lights in the small room began to flash on and off, and became tinted a deep emerald. "Ohh " he realized thankfully " I'm not alone, someone is coming". 
 
  When Amir awoke again, he was not sure how long it had been, or why he had woken up. He thought perhaps there had been a noise, but had no memory. "Well" he thought " at least I think I'm sober now." 
 
 "SLEEP JUICE GONE, YES. I AM ALMOST TO YOU" The words hammered inside of Amir's skull. He reached for his ears to block the noise, but it didn't seem to help. 
  "ARE YOU HURTED‽‽" the voice clamored again. 
 "Stop!" screamed Amir, clenching his head between his palms. 
 
 "oh no, i did a bad thing" whispered the voice. Without the shaking volume, Amir realized that he wasn't hearing the voice, but thinking it? 
 
 "yes" whispered the voice again "i am think-talk to you, i am still digging to your shell"  Amir froze, how far had the sleep lasted, how improved was technology? 
 
  "HAHAHAHA" the voice guffawed, then immediately dropped as Amir winced. "sorry friend, is not machine. Masters like you can't think-talk."   "Stories say some metal masters could think-talk" the voice explained " that how they teached us." 
 
  Amir thought maybe there was still a little painkiller active, that or he simply couldn't understand. "Metal masters?" he asked internall. 
 "Look like you, but not meat, just metal" the voice murmured reassuringly. 
 Amir had another moment of clarity, the droids! "Are you, umm, a metal person?" he tried to piece together a thought. Having someone feel/hear the words before you could proofread (proofthink?) your sentence in your head was disconcerting. 
 
 "Hahaaha, no I am meat like you." the voice explained with mirth in his/her/it's not-voice. " Metal masters helped us get smart like masters to help the masters return" 
 
  Amir couldn't think, everything was a jumble. "Are there any metal masters nearby?" he thought towards the stranger.   "not good ones" the voice answered morosely " they are dead a long time now, there is one at my village, but its just metal now". 
 
 "HEY" it exclaimed again "YOU CLOSE NOW!" Amir winced. "^sorry " the voice whimpered " i forgot too loud" 

 Amir's head whipped around, he HEARD, actually heard a sound on the other side of the chamber's walls. "This way!" he half shouted. The noise became more distinct, almost as if it were on the other side of the wall. 
 
 "move back" the stranger urged " open shell makes danger".  Amir obeyed, crawling across the sterile floor.  The metal of the wall where Amir had been leaning began to glow, brighter and brighter, and Amir heard an odd "thwap, thwap, thwap" rhythmically coming from the other side. 
 
  The wall was visibly glowing red, but it didn't seem to generate any heat. The glowing wall began to shimmer as if through heat waves, and the "thwap" grew stronger. 
 Now sparkling rather than shimmering, the wall began to be much too bright for Amir to look at, he put his head on the ground, and sleep took him. 
 
 Amir awoke to an oddly familiar sensation that took him a moment to process. Was it Aidi, his dog? Amir giggled and rolled over to see an unfamiliar snout snortling gently on his belly. Where was his rescuer, and was this his/it's pet? As he reached out to pet the friendly beast the voice split he head apart.
 
 "HAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHA" screamed the voice, " NO PET ITS ME!!"  Amir grunted loudly and held his ears instinctively tight once more. 
 
 "sorry, sorry, sorry" the voice pleaded, as the dog licked in rhythm to the voice. "it hard to think quiet, not normal do it" 
 
  Amir looked into the dog's face, and his blood ran cold as he realized the dog was the one speaking. "no, its ok friend" the voice pleaded " metal masters made us smart, so we help fix places". 
 
  "This must be what shock feels like" Amir thought quietly. The dog nestled against him, and Amir hugged him close.  "please no scare" the dog thought at him gently " we go to village and see family. My family, and we have 3 waked up masters there, maybe they are from your pack". 
  Amir couldn't anymore, he collapsed. 
 
  Leafcruncher looked at the young man crumpled on the ground. "i go find him food" he thought paternally, and padded softly into the tunnel he had made.
 
 Once on the other side of the wall, leafcruncher turned around, stared at the opening and began to shake. Filaments of metal began growing in the empty space of the wall, he let them grow until it formed enough of a barrier to keep the master inside.  "better he safe" thought leafcruncher, as he set out to acquire a meal. As he trotted down the hall, happy in his discovery, his wagging tail bounced against the wall. "thwap, thwap, thwap"
 
 
The Return - part 1 
 
 (more parts optional and depending on demand)