They say that you “have to hit rock bottom before you can start to climb back up.”

Well, whoever “they” are, right now, I’d like nothing more than to weave myself around their ankles, trip them over, and then take a stinky shit on their smug, quoting faces.

If that seems oddly specific to you, it’s because I’m rather limited in my ability to carry out revenge right now. Being nine inches tall and 11 pounds soaking wet will do that to you. Also, being a cat will especially do that to you.

Thanks to a little “misunderstanding” with the local cat crazy lady (who apparently also was a practitioner of magic), I’m now a furry little ball of angst and bitterness. Don’t get me wrong, I’m freaking adorable. I guess the crazy cat lady wasn’t pissed off enough to turn me into one of those cats that have smushed faces.

Thank god (Bastet?) for small miracles.

Now, I may look like a cat, but my mind is still all me. That is, a 23-year-old college dropout with a massive chip on his shoulder and a slight (slight) addiction to League of Legends. Hey, I never said I wasn’t self aware.

While I have an above average intellect, my survival instincts and athleticism could use some work. Prior to today’s adventures, I hadn’t broken a sweat since high school. That may have been why the crazy cat lady, who didn’t look a day younger than 76, managed to catch me after my little prank.

And, while cats are known for their agility, it apparently takes practice to leap tall countertops in a single bound. With my inferior monkey brain, it took all of two hours for me to get picked up by animal control.

Which brings me to my current predicament. I’m in kitty prison. I’ve been here for three days, and it has become my own personal hell.

My cage is two-and-a-half square feet, too small for me to properly stretch out. To my left, a small bowl with cardboard kibble. To my right, a cracked litter box that has seen some shit. A thin crusty sheet is all that separates me from the cold metal floor.

And my god, the caterwauling. All hours of the day, my fellow inmates just won’t shut up. I haven’t slept properly in over 72 hours, and I’m about to crack.

Or, at least, I was about to crack...right up until the point when you walked through the door.

As soon as I laid eyes on you, I could see a kindred spirit. Long, unkempt hair. A slight stoop to the shoulders, suggesting either a desk job, a videogame habit, or both. Pale, almost luminous, skin, probably from an aversion sunlight. A Battlestar Galactica t-shirt. (Frak yeah)

But above all else, I recognized your eyes. They were the same as mine. Not the same shape or color, although your faded blue eyes were rather beautiful. But rather, you had the look of someone who had been beaten down by life, but wasn’t ready to quit just yet. As exhausted as you were, you were still searching for something to brighten your days.

In that moment, I felt that I knew you. And I was overwhelmed with a desire to help bring a little light back into your life. The only thing was, I was stuck in this cage.

So, I had to put my best paw forward. I stretched, and started making myself look cute. I rolled onto my back and started pawing with specks of dust. I figured out how to do the trilling thing and trilled my little heart out. I rubbed my face on the grate of the cage.

After a while, you started to take notice. You started smiling at my antics, so I made an even bigger ass of myself. I rolled through my mental repository of cute cat videos and did my best impersonations of the greats. Maru. Grumpy cat. The dopey cat with the little tongue that sticks out.

When I went through all of those, I started busting out obscure memes. You started giggling, then outright belly laughing. The danker the meme, the better. It was at this moment that I knew that I had found my own crazy cat lady.

And by Bastet, it worked. After about twenty minutes of this, you called over one the shelter volunteers. Within the hour, I was free. Well, I was still in a cage, but I was en route to your house, so I was still excited.

Your house did not disappoint. It was much nicer than my dingy studio, light and airy. And every square inch was covered in geekery. It was like Ready Player One exploded all over every conceivable surface of your home.

You showed me around, pointing out the amenities: You had a legitimate water fountain, so that my water would always be fresh. You had stocked up on a fancy brand of cat food that wasn’t half bad. And the litter box was a fancy self-cleaning model that made me feel better about shitting in a box. Not only had you rescued me from my own personal hell, you had created a nice little haven that almost made me happy to be a cat.

I was touched that someone who had so much pain in their eyes could be so kind. At this moment, some other trite quote-obsessed person may say that “my heart grew three sizes that day.”

While I fully intended to return to my human form, I was going to make the most of my situation. So, while I curled up next to you on the sofa, you giggling at cat videos on Youtube, I formulated my plan. I was going to become the best little furball that ever lived.

I was going to hit the cat tree, work on my cathleticism (oh god, the puns are starting), and come up with some prime antics. I’ll slide, jump, flop, wiggle, trill and caterwaul with the best of them. I was going to bring a little joy into my human’s life, because she was worth it. And if I became Youtube famous, all the better, right?

For the first time since I dropped out of college, I had a plan in life. And it felt frakking awesome.

Suddenly, being an eleven pound furball wasn’t looking so bad. And I had you to thank for it.