"Tommy hasn't spoken a full sentence in class in three weeks," said Mrs. Calzone to Mrs. Polenta, "and when he starts screaming, it really scares the other children. I was wondering if something had happened at home?" 

"Tommy has been keeping more to himself," said Mrs. Polenta, "but nothing out of the ordinary." 

Tommy Polenta, age 7, was currently in a bright red time-out chair, reliving the moment when he watched his father dragged away to the gas chambers. 

And while he was watching his father dragged away to the gas chambers, he had been struck by a realization that this moment was eerily similar to the time that the Mongols had beheaded the village chief and before that, how a tribe of Gauls had brutally raped his mother. 

Unfortunately, he had no way of telling anyone this because Tommy Polenta, born in 2010, had not yet learned about the Gauls or the Mongols or the Holocaust, nor could he string together a coherent sentence due to a sudden onset of stuttering, ADHD, and gluten intolerance. So his epileptic spells came and went and sometimes people would lock him away (1750AD, in the attic above the servant's quarters), let him die (200BC, abandoned in the maize fields) or kill him (1300AD, burned at the stake), but if there was one thing, it was that this age (2017AD) was different than all the times before. His parents took great pains to keep him alive and even enroll him into a special school. He wasn't the only one shitting himself on the regular, and even though this fact caused his Catholic soul some dissatisfaction (he had converted officially during the 15th century, after a passionate and not entirely guilt-free summer affair with a renowned sculptor), he did find that he was able to allow the spells to seize him and trust that he would not be allowed to die the painful deaths that had preceded this particular existence. 

Mrs. Calzone and his mother spoke in hushed, anxious tones, and Tommy wished he could embrace them as wholeheartedly and powerfully the Pope did the arrival of perspective in high art during the quattrocento or the way that abolitionists embraced freed slaves in their homes (the latter was a joke; Tommy had suffered much more brutally at the hands of a morally incontinent Boston mill owner than he had the well-read and erudite plantation owner, though he recognized that this experience was not representative of all freed men at the time). But there was not much he could do from his position here on the red chair. 

For now, he could only think the most abstract thoughts and hope that he'd be able to get his hands on some real literature soon. The Fundamental School (he believed its nickname was "Montessori for Dullards") was not an altogether unpleasant place. The bright, brisk weather of Northern California pleased his senses, calmed his normally tempestuous temperament, and brought to mind (frequently) the charmed time he had spent as an apprentice to a second-rate Florentine architect. Also, with the current sociopolitical climate and liberal values of the Californian people, Tommy really could not think of a better time and place in history to be the invalid he was. 

Tommy vowed to quickly overcome the majority of his disabilities as soon as he was able. This life and time was quite a glorious age. He had been astounded by the screens and phones and Internet when he had awoken from the Deep Reset, and knew there was much to learn. And given how weak his heart was (he had been born with a congenital heart defect), there might not be that much time for him in this lifetime. 

That said, if 5,670 years of living had taught Tommy Polenta anything, it was how to be patient and forgiving, and how not to expect too many things of the people around him. This age was already one of the most wealthy he had experienced, with its generous accommodation of the sick and invisible. And he had come into the world post-Reset with one of the greatest blessings a Reset could confer: to be born again as a cisgendered, heterosexual white male. 

Tommy was going to crush it, once he was done with his time-out. 