The totality of being is held together by the lynchpin of futility. Our greatest philosophers have recognized this, from the existentialists to the Christians to the Buddhists. 

Death looms over the lives of us all, casting his austere shadow on the henceforth irrelevant details of finite existence. Such a character, who holds a deathgrip of unparalleled strength on the human psyche, must be something unbearably frightening. The figure of the Grim Reaper springs to mind.

But it was not so when Death came for me. He was but a man: an orderly man with a neat haircut and a clean briefcase. He would not be out of place in a boardroom meeting, were it not for his abnormally diminutive figure. 

*This is Death?* I couldn't help but muse to myself when it became clear that he was so. My hospital bed had transitioned to a deathbed some days ago, and I knew instinctively when I had passed from sleep into... whatever may come after.

Death opened his briefcase, wordlessly, and set out a chessboard with the chessmen carefully arranged. He cleaned a spot of dust from the corner then looked up.

"You may have White," he offered. I accepted, and played my first move.

Strangely, no echo of my predicament remained in my emotional state despite its acceptance by my rational mind. Chess with Death was as straightforward as buying a suit.

The opening phase of the game passed without incident: a benign Sicilian Najdorf with no pawn structure imbalance to speak of.

I was holding my own against the master of mortality. No more, no less. It was not so very different from my daily life. 

Rebellion welled up within me, however, and the mental block which held back my tidal wave of emotion fell away. I would not surrender. I would not go gentle into that good night. I would raise a glass arm against the granite wall of mortality and shatter myself all the same.

But the impossible happened. Death, that infinite, black void of human misery and cessation of agency, made a mistake. A subtle, deeply nested mistake which could only be capitalized on with absolute precision. 

His Queen guarded a key square which, if I was allowed to control, would lead to smother mate. My rook could pressure the Queen, leaving it with no other safe square on which it could guard that key spot. However, his knight could block the attack, but in doing so, he left his king open to an unrefusable attraction sacrifice leading to a knight fork and the loss of the Queen.

I was stunned by my sudden flash of brilliance. My only chess experience was a brief, unremarkable stint on my high school team, in my more anti social days.

I executed the maneuver. Death paused for a moment, considering his possibilities. He removed his spectacles, cleaned them pensively, then tipped his king over.

"I resign," he stated simply.

My world reeled. I had bested Death. What did this mean?

"What happens now?" I asked.

"Frankly, I don't know. There's no protocol for this. It's never happened. This is merely a formality, a sort of fun way to ease you into the realization of the futility of resisting us."

"Us?" I asked, focusing on entirely the wrong thing.

"Yes, us. The gatekeepers of mortality. I am a messenger of sorts, a scout who leads the way for our future comrades. Chess, a game of the mind, is a perfect way to demonstrate the limits of human endeavor. Man cannot even win at his own game, you see. Computers have shown him that for years now."

"But, what is it about resisting the inevitable that you find so troubling?" I insisted.

"Because it's not done!" the ghostly messenger shouted, angry for the first time.

"What is more human, more unmistakably *alive* than the struggle against that which is consciously known to be unsurmountable?" I pressed on.

"For Hades' sakes, this is why we put people through this exercise to begin with, to stamp out these questions."

The strange, little man began to pace.

"I don't know what to do with you, Mr. Davidson. You are a vexing case."

"Higher praise could not be uttered," I smiled.

"That being what it is, your time has come, and I must take you, regardless of the outcome of our little sparring match."

"I understand, but surely you understand that I must fight with my last ounce of strength?"

"I will never understand your kind's irrational clinging to this temporal existence," the messenger grumbled, snapping his fingers and erasing me from the Earth.

I sit in the messenger's world now, a confusing, blank place of half-shapes and quarter-sounds. I can hear but not interact with the other inhabitants.

Occasionally, he returns to me, pleading that I should accept my fate and "Join society." My self imposed exile to this half life is purely voluntary, he assures me. It's not nearly as bad if you simply assent and agree to follow the rules. People are taken care of and kept happy.

I shall do no such thing. Not so long as the fire of the human tradition burns within my soul and clarity remains in my mind. As long as they do, I will resist and frustrate the unjust order of reality itself.



