The club was packed full of the stink of sweat and cheap booze, the rancorous thump of techno music, and the thrashing forms of young adults. Not really a place where you find yourself fitting in, but none of the scant-clad youths stop their gyrating to pay you mind. You checked your watch, Muto's lackey told you to come by closer to the end of the night; so far, nothing about the atmosphere said that that time was soon. You spot the bar, located to the far side of the wide, circular room. An orc stands behind the counter, tending bar, his rippling, green biceps threatening to split the straining seams of his uniform shirt, the buttons on the vest taut to the point it was a wonder they hadn't popped off violently hours ago. You walk up, knocking lightly on the cool plexiglass countertop. "What's your poison?" The orc didn't move from his spot to address you, seeming quite content to make light small talk with the young lady sitting at the bar, her dress's neckline plunging dangerously close to her navel. His gaze is clearly fixed on her rather prodigous chest, but she doesn't seem to pay him any mind, though with all the free drinks he's pouring for her, you're starting to suspect that may be the point.

You shrug. "Muto sent me a contact." The orc's glassy eyes snapped up to meet yours, his lecherous smolder replaced with sharp suspicion. "What's a blue collar boy like you need to see Muto for?" He was clearly new here. His gaze turns into a full burning stare as he looks he up and down, gauging whether or not he could take you presumably. Not to be racist, but basically every orc you've met in your life has at least referred to you as 'little man' despite being similar builds, or at most they full out tried to kill you, but that was only when you broke up with your last girlfriend Asha on the day of her mother's funeral. Totally your fault, but it left you leery of orcs for sure. When he notices the duffel on your shoulder, he mumbles something into the microphone pinned to his lapel. "What's in the bag, buddy?" He asks you, hostility dripping from his tone.

"Look, you're boss knows me, okay?" You tried to sound as polite as possible, but over the booming din of house music, you still end up shouting at him. The bartender clearly doesn't take well to your tone of voice as a few purple veins start popping out of his forehead, his patience draining faster than the glass in front of the lady down the bar. "Look pal." He starts in a voice that very much tells you that you two are the furthest thing from pals. "I don't know you, so I don't give a fuck who you think you are but-" The tirade he was building up to was cut short by the crackle of voices in his earpiece. He looks me up and down again and mutters a reply into the mic. "He's on the second floor, private showroom." He waved a hand toward the stairwell and as if on cue, a petite, leporine figure bounces down. "Annabeth will show you in." The rabbit girl twitches a large ear toward us, having heard her name be mentioned.

"You must be Mr. Antoni!" She squeaked, her pitch way too excited for the scene she found herself in. "Mr. Muto has been expecting you, please come with me!" You nod to her and begin to follow as she makes a sharp pivot and bounds toward the stairs, her cotton-ball tail swaying to and fro. You shoot a glance back over to the orc, but he's already back to the far side of the bar, pouring another drink for his companion.

"What's up with Captain Carnage down there?" You prod, wondering where the usual bartender, another leporid by the name of Lizzie, was tonight. 

"Oh, Drake? He's new, give him some slack. It's not like you exactly look like you should be here." She rotated while walking, gesturing at your worn-sweatpants-and-grease-stained-wife-beater combo. "I'm not really here to impress you lot." You counter. "Trying to make honest living, just like everyone else." 

"Aaaand that includes selling illegal, unregistered weapons out of the back door?" She giggled at you, wiggling her nose. You roll your eyes at her and she pirouettes back to a forward skip. At the end of the hallway of 'private party rooms' sits the large security bulkhead to Muto's private suite. You note the chrome-polished steel and gleaming new sigils edging the material, wards from scrying attempts you assume. Annabeth presses a hand to a smooth panel, revealing a small terminal. As she taps in a few numbers on the touch screen, you feel the prickle of energy in your palms, the taste of ozone so fresh in your mouth. The screen chimes happily at her and a dozen locks begin to unseal, the reinforced plates sliding open with a hydraulic hiss.

-Part 1-