Do you remember all the Oreo contests? The ones where if you had the special cookie design or special colored filling you had found the proverbial golden ticket? As a kid, I was obsessed. I spent all my spare money on Oreos. Package after package. My parents thought it was cute. My friends thought it was awesome. 

It was an obsession that paid off. I found one of the winning cookies, and I won free Oreos for life. Every month, I received a shipment. The postal carriers would make jokes about the oreos, and I would laugh and give them a package. 

This went on for years. Until nuclear war broke out, and the country was obliterated. I survived, so did my father. But we lost my mom and my sister. We only survived because we had gone to tour a college campus that was in the middle of nowhere. Far enough away from the epicenter of the blasts. 

We lost everything. We couldn't go back for months the area was so irradiated. We, along with other survivors did what we had to. Raiding, stealing… dad even had to kill someone. 

The first package of Oreos, sitting alone on a shelf in a looted out store seemed like a joke. We took them, and enjoyed talking about mom and sis as we ate.

The second package was less of a joke. We still had a functioning minivan, and when we returned to it, a package was on my seat. 

Over and over for months, packages would appear in places they had no business being. We thought we were being stalked. Hunted. But no one ever came for us. So, eventually we just accepted the Oreos and moved on.

Until yesterday. The package we found yesterday had been opened, and on the inside of the peel back top was a note. A note summoning us to the Oreo factory in New Jersey. So now, intrigued, we are on our way.

r/LandOfMisfits

Edit: Capitalizied Oreo's

Part 2:

The trekke took us months. Even though we had a functional van, the roads were in horrible shape. Burned out husks of other cars sat desolate on the road. We didn’t hurry - I mean, what? Was the world going to end? Again? Still, the steady stream of Oreo’s continued. No more opened packages, no other sign that we had been summoned. 

Many times Dad asked if I was sure that I wanted to go there. He felt we were being led into a trap. I reasoned that we had been eating the Oreo’s for months. If someone wanted to hurt us, all they had to do was poison them. It’s not like we checked anymore. We saw few enough people that we had let down our guard. 

I did wonder though. Why me? I had been a small child when I first won the endless cookies. I had thought maybe at first it was someone from our past, but as we travelled farther and farther away from our home, that likelihood decreased exponentially. Not to mention the fact we never saw anyone leaving the packages. It kind of reminded me of the Santa figure from my childhood. 

As we passed through DC going north, we passed through one of the largest reestablishment settlements we had seen. More people than we had seen in a long time. Full camps of people, most of which warned us off our journey north. Philadelphia, we heard, was where the first bomb hit. We would have to travel through the irradiated zone to get to the factory. 

We stayed in the camp for a while, trying to decide our next course of action. That was, until the rate at which the Oreo’s appeared rapidly increased. First it was one when I was walking, then another on a bench that I was just about to sit on, then a whole pile on my bed that night. Whoever needed us there was in a hurry. We were on the road again the next morning. We chose to go up the coast, as close to the ocean as we could. 

At some point we had to figure out where we were going. We knew that the cookies were baked in New Jersey, but honestly, neither of us had ever been there before. I sure did miss the internet. We had maps and postcards and stories of people who remembered from before the bombs. Together, we were able to form a picture of where we were going. Just north of New York city, in a place that I thought was part of New York State, a small town called Fair Lawn. 

Traveling in New Jersey had been hell. Dad had gotten sick from the radiation, and I couldn’t remember if I had hair on my thighs or not before we entered the area. Reaching Fair Lawn was like a breath of fresh air, something that I could only recall from memories. We found a nice home to stay in, evacuated at some point with the owners to never return. The house we chose even had a bathroom decorated with Oreo paraphernalia. We had a good laugh at that one.

We slept well that night. however, we woke up to a pile of Oreo packages on the ends of each of our beds. After we dressed and walked outside, we saw something we could hardly believe. Thousands of empty Oreo packages rolled down the street like dried tumbleweeds, caught on bushes and trees. As we walked to the factory we realized that was all just a distraction to the real issue. We were not alone. 

Hundreds of people were camped outside of the factory. Many standing in line, holding notes or packages, just like mine. Summoning them here. Just like me. Ever cautious, Dad and I backed up to our temporary home. We debated what was going on, until Dad decided to find out what was going on. He had me stay back, and took my note with him. 

Now, I’ve never been one to listen, so of course I followed him. Just in time to hear, “So you’ve been chosen too? You were also a lifetime supply winner? We all are.”

r/LandOfMisfits
