The actor stood answered the knock at his trailer door. When he saw who it was that knocked, he said, "I wondered when you would show up. Want to come in?"

Death nodded his skeletal head and said, "Yes."

The two took seats, the actor in his chair and the skeleton on a long couch. There was silence between them for what seemed a long time, or at least what mortals consider a long time. During the interval, Death patted out his suit and fidgeted with small items sitting on the table next to the couch. It was the actor who finally broke the silence.

"What kept you?"

"Well, um, you see...." Death said, then straightened his tie, "It was, shall we say, a clerical error? Every mortal has a timepiece, an hourglass. When I see the sand has run out, I go find the person and call them home."

"Okay. Go on."

"Yours... well, this is embarrassing, but it got bumped."

"Bumped?"

"Yes, as in knocked over. I think it was sometime in the 1500's? There was this flood in Rome, I was so busy and I must have upset the thing while i was in a hurry."

"Occupational hazard, I suppose."

"Yes. Yes indeed. Well, your hourglass... it rolled under my desk. I'm not a very fastidious cleaner, you understand, so I just now found it."

"You haven't cleaned under your desk in almost 500 years?"

"I have things to do. Besides, have you seen how much good television is on right now and... look, I'm sorry."

"It's okay. I knew this day was coming. I'm ready."

The skeleton laughed. It was a strange sound, like sand being sifted onto a peice of sheet metal. 

"You're not dying today. Is that what you were worried about?"

"I'm not worried. I've had a good life. Several actually. I'm adored now. But it's sometimes a sad existence. I think it's starting to show. It's probably time. But if it's not my time, then why are you here?"

"My superiors thought it was important that I come apologize personally. Your hourglass was righted. You will start to age now. You will die a natural death."

"Any chance you'll tell me when?"

"Soon enough. But since your situation is... unusual, and frankly my fault, a formal apology and a head's up seemed appropriate. As to not upset you and let you return to a normal, mortal expectation."

The actor ran a hand through his hair. One came out. He looked at it. It was gray. A smile crept up in one corner of his mouth. 

He said, "Okay, then. I guess I'll see you in a little while. Thanks."

"It's really the least we could do."

"Want me to walk you off the lot?"

"No, Mr. Reeves. I'll show myself out.

"Oh, and by the way, really looking forward to *John Wick 3*."