I wonder what light would say if it could think.

Would it have a concept of dark? Would the light from the stars have different thoughts than the light from our lamps? Could different wavelengths have different castes? 

Like moths drawn to the flame, it seemed as if the boredom within me radiated, drawing these aberrant thoughts. I looked out the window, and saw the same distortions I've always seen on the *Veronica*. 

The *Veronica* was one of mankind's greatest work. Built to be the fastest vessel of its time, it could travel 99% the speed of light, a feat previously thought nigh impossible by physics. When created, the world government cheered its creation, claiming that the *Veronica* was another giant step in mankind's journey towards the stars.

Well, they didn't cheer the *Veronica* specifically... Officially, this ship is called the *Hermes*, the messenger god known for its speedy flight, but I'm the only person on this vessel, and I can call this ship whatever I damn well please.

Veronica...how long has it been?

The *Veronica* wasn't built just for the sake of building it. Unlike the moon landing, the vessel was built for a purpose. The Earth was dying, and new planets needed to be found that humans could inhabit. As the fastest ship alive, the *Veronica* needed to find these new inhabitable planets, ASAP.

I was chosen to fly it. It was going to be a dangerous mission, and the chances of surviving were slim. When we embarked, there was an 80 person crew. Slowly, as complications arose, the numbers started to dwindle. Now, I'm the only person alive, with only the echoes of the ship's hallways to keep me company.

I would have killed myself years ago from the loneliness. The only thing that keeps me alive was the promise I made to her. Veronica was my life, my everything. Irrational thing love is.

My mission should be for the good of humanity, but to hell with that. It's for her. It's so, if there ever is an afterlife, I can look her in the eye and say I did all I could to keep myself alive.

At 99% the speed of light, time dilation occurs. The faster you go, the slower you experience time. For me, it's been around 30 years. On Earth, more than 200. She's probably dead by now. I hope she lived her life to the fullest. Part of me hopes she moved on from me, after realizing I would never return, and found happiness with someone else. The other part can't bear to think of her with anybody else.

I don't know what to do anymore. The prospect looks bleak, and I'm no longer the optimistic squirt I used to be. But I have to keep pushing on. 

