The door rattled again. The handle tried to turn, but the chair I'd wedged in front of it stopped anyone from entering. I wasn't sure what day it was now, the power had gone out a few days ago, but before then, the news had told us all to lock ourselves away from our loved ones if they had shown any kind of sickness. My little girl, she had been sick for a few days.

No doctors came, I'd tried to leave my house, to find someone to help her, but the streets were clogged with people doing the exact same thing. Traffic was impossible. The closer I had gotten to a hospital, the more crazy people I'd seen outside. It was a riot, but the people in it seemed wrong. I had to bring my girl home without treatment. I'd tucked her up in her bed and sang her to sleep. As the sun set, I'd watched the movements of her chest become erratic then stop. 

I'd left her, asleep in bed and closed the door behind me. Josh was hiding in his, wide eyed and terrified. He didn't want to help, but I eventually got him filling containers of water and moving our food upstairs. He cried the entire time. I couldn't comfort him. I too had lost a wife and child. Judy was in the basement. Emily had run to her, that's how she got sick. 

Now it was just us, me and the boy. 

"It's going to be ok," I whispered to my son who sat silently in the corner. He had completely shut down since we'd entered the room. I'd put him in the corner and he'd barely moved since. 

"Daddy, please, let me in. Please. I'm scared."

Emily hadn't stopped pleading to be let inside. She moved around the house, but always came back to my door. Josh didn't move at all or react. 

Nighttime came and a light clicked on in the hallway, the streetlamp outside his room came on as well. For the first time in a week the power was back. 

I dived for my phone and looked at the screen, there was a signal. I quickly pressed emergency call, the phone clicked and a female voice answered on the other side. I didn't even wait for her to finish talking. 

"Help, please help me." I rattled off my address and threw the phone into the corner of my room and waited. 

~*~

There wasn't a loud crash when they arrived. There was a knock on the front door. Loud, insistent knocking. I heard my daughter slouch away. They'd be able to handle her, they were trained to help people. The front door was unlocked and pulled open. There was some talking, people gasped. Then they were coming up the stairs. I pulled the chair out from under the door handle and opened it. On the staircase there was a horde of zombies. 

"No, no!" I yelled as they swarmed me, dragging me to the floor. It hurt, then, there was nothing.

~*~

"We found one body in the basement, one upstairs in the bedroom with the father and the little girl is safe with us."

"What about the father?"

"Delusional. Screaming not to eat him, like we're a bunch of zombies or something."

The men around him laughed. Their teeth glistened white, their canines surprisingly longer and sharper then normal.

"Why do they always see us as zombies?"

The laughter faded out, the two of the men climbed into their car. "The girl, what did she say?"

"The dad seemed to think she was sick. Killed his wife as she tried to stop him taking her outside. He ran into all those protests with her wrapped in a blanket before he gave up and went home. For some reason he thought she had died, made his son carry food into his room and locked the door."

"The son though, he wasn't one of us. He was classed as good breeding stock,"

"Who knows. May have been a mercy killing, more likely an accident."

The second man shook his head, "freaking humans."

~*~

"Do we turn him, for his daughter?"

"No, but we'll keep him alive. His daughter still needs to feed and he's a fit and healthy male human. If we turn him, he'll probably become one of them," The man audibly shuddered at the thought of something, "his mind became unhinged from turning slightly from his daughter feeding over time, I've never seen such violent deaths made by man in over ten years." There was a long pause. I listened silently, wondering what the infected were going to do with me. "No, he will remain chained up, for everyone's safety, until he is of no use to us."

"Then we will feed until he is dry!" 

The two men laughed and I heard them walking away. I tried to struggle, to make a sound, but nothing happened. My body remained still, no sound came out of my mouth. 

"It's far better then he deserves," he heard one of them say as they walked away. 

I opened my eyes and looked up at a tiled ceiling. I could see a tube in my throat that attached itself to some kind of machine. That was it. Next to me, I could just about see another person, strapped down to the bed, a tube down their throat, wires coming out of them in various places. 

~*~

My daughter. I see her sometimes, well almost daily. Most of the time they just draw the blood from my arm continuously, a small drip at a time. No one talks to me, apart from her. She tells me about her friends, school, how someone ran into the sun and it burned them alive, how she now has a new brother and sister. She gets bigger every time I see her. Her hair changes, her clothes. I've only been here a month and she already looks a year or two older. She tells me this year, she's excited, she gets to join in the human hunt at school. 

I wake up again, and a woman who looks like my wife, but very pale, stood next to the bed, looking down on me. 

"Sorry I haven't seen you for a long time daddy. Mum and dad had to move us away from the city. It wasn't safe to come back and visit. The Strangers, there were too many of them." The woman shuddered, then shook off the memory. She moved just like Emily, but she had been 12 when I last saw her. What was happening? Why was she so old?

"I asked the council if they would turn you. Now I am of age, I have become your legal guardian. They agreed to try, but you probably won't become one of us, but I can't let this go on any longer. Goodnight daddy," she whispered, "I hope you become one of us, I miss you."

I watched her face as the world faded back into darkness. 