A man stumbled out of his room. His head was still spinning, and headache was making it hard to concentrate. "I should cut down on binge drinking", he thought. Failing to recall how much, where or why he got drunk was not okay. But that could wait - his splitting headache demanded water now.

As he slowly walked down the stairs (jesus, how did he climb up before falling asleep?) towards the kitchen, he stopped and rubbed his forehead. Something was not right. The house was his, that much he could vouch for. But he hadn't the slightest idea why he went downstairs for the kitchen - or where kitchen even was, for that matter. This was not good. He used to get blackouts at times, like that time he went our with... (what's his name again?) ...a friend of his, but this was new. He stopped and sat down on the stair, the brain painfully pulsing with every heartbeat. He was going somewhere. But where, and why, vanished. The man gripped his head and sobbed, overwhelmed by the headache and sudden feeling of fear.

---

Suzy hopped out of bed. She was feeling... off. Something was not right, and even a barely awake eleven year old girl could feel it. First off, she could not remember her dreams this night. Suzy was always proud of vivid, colorful, joyful dreams she had, and her little diary was full of attempts to capture them. But today was different. The dreams she had were not gloomy - at least she thought so. But she did not remember for sure, and that was unsettling.

Suzy quickly dressed up and opened the door to the corridor. It was eerily quiet. Aside from single noise she could not identify. "Is anyone home?" - she called out. No response. Suzy went towards the noise, realising it sounded like someone crying. As she reached the corner by the stairs, she stopped. Her dad was sittimg over there, his head hanging low, and cried. 

"Daddy! What's going on?" She called out, distressed. The man - Suzy was sure it's her dad before, but not so much now - lifted his head, and looked at her. Her worried eyes were met with a blank, unfocused gaze. The man tried to say something, but it didn't sound English. It didn't sound like any language, really - more like a toddler's babbling. Suzy felt a sudden flash of pain. The world started spinning, and colours blended together. The girl sat down by a man and whimpered, as she realised she couldn't tell if the man next to her was her dad. She couldn't remember.

-----

Several hundred miles above the planet Earth, a lone starship flew. It was the harbinger of doom to many civilisations before this azure planet; the process of taking over had been polished to the letter, and there was no excitement left - only dull routine.

"The cognitive disruptor is at full capacity" - one of the beings inside the ship called out. Skinny, tall and very human-like, if not for grey skin colour, the being hailed from a planet many lightyears away. He did not like the job. And yet, for the Empire to survive, they needed new habitable planets. As for their current population - that had to go. Just as a safety precaution, you see. And yet the alien felt a tinge of guilt every time he launched the disruptor. But this wasn't the time for thinking. Another similar being nodded at him, and calmly said: "Good. Maintain the disruptor power, and release the combat drones."