"Margaret, the hive mind enhances your cognitive ability. The rumors of being limited to the capacity of a mere drone were a byproduct of the beta test phase. Now that the statistical models favor the collective, the assorted genetic markers have been properly identified, the bacterium properly mastered refinement of our neural pathways,"

"You are 4 years old."

"This physical form, certainty, but the symbiotic relationship has revealed untold-" 

"You were pissing the bed in terror just last week. You were watching episodes of Mr Rogers on a tablet for comfort."

"The Batemans luring me away has been the best possible outcome.  Couldn't happen at a more opportune time. The conversion process is but a simple spoonful of BetterLife Elixir. Marketting submind came up with that name. It's grown on me, I must admit. Little infection humor, there. 


"Now, you must understand the initial violence and expulsions of black vomit into the faces of new converts were merely growing pains. We now have a soft drink manufacturer's production and transportation capabilities bottle the necessary enzymes in numerous exciting flavors. I know you love your vanilla root beer, Marg.. Mother."

"Sarah. I'm not drinking your zombie-aid. It doesn't exist. You're lying."

"We do so disdain the Z word. Perhaps a grape or cherry vanilla would be preferable?"

A long pause. 

"No matter, it's being added to municipal water supplies with plans to roll out to all major bodies of water within a week. The aquatics division has really stepped up their game. Personally I'm excited to hear from the dolphins and whales. You do recall how they were my favorite, don't you, Mahmah?" 

Too tired. Too much shit to process. The makeshift barricades held but who knew if they had some SWAT team toddlers setting up to flashbang the bedroom and swing in through the skylight? Coordinated attacks were a thing now. Maybe they're about to pull some raptor shit. 

"And of course, Mawmaw,  the plan is to be airborne and cropdust chemtrailed worldwide within the month. Downright irradiated. Water, air, food rations. One way or another the basic survival provisions simply won't be there for you. Or anyone clinging to this depleted candle of mere existence. You can understand my concern regarding my own mother."

"I'm not opening this door. You're not you anymore."

"I'd rather you not have to die. The head explosions have been curtailed to a statistically insignificant number. The so called feeding behavior was not an act  of cannibalism  but rudimentary vector enhancement; it's no longer utilized and we'd prefer to put that unfortunate yet necessary chapter behind us. The rapid evolutionary improvements will fascinate you, I promise. Other than some mild initial discomfort and the occasional momentary ringing in the ears, you'll be quite taken with your newfound clarity and purpose. Better than that old religion. Have I mentioned the commune with the universe, the perpetual bliss, the comfort and enlightenment? This could all be yours, Memaw. Please just leave the door slightly ajar before you succumb to exhaustion."

She kept rambling but I tuned it out. Eventually the lawyer's brain she was fed would be digested or whatever. She'd flowers for algernon right back to crying her sweet little tantrums. 

Lying cerebral zombies proved so much more tedious than the heartstring zombie startegy. 
