My life is filled with tragic accidents that always only left me alive.

It started when I was just a child. A weekend with my grandparents, on our way to the lake to do some camping. As we drove by, I say her; eyes glowing in the darkness as the headlights touched them. Sitting in the shotgun, I tugged on my Grandpa's arm sleeve. "Look at the Kitty!" I said, cheerfully. Diligent as ever, he kept his eyes on the road, nodding. "That's wonderful Johnny," he said, giving me a brief smile. I looked back to the road, following his eyes as a car coming zooming in the opposite lane, the small two-way highway to the lake making it look like he was coming straight at us. I could see the center line, and how it curved around the corner creating the illusion so I relaxed. Suddenly the car started to skid, hitting black ice. My Grandpa yelled and put his arm instinctively across me as he jerked the wheel so the car would hit the driver side. With a roar and a crash, I was ejected from the car. I only remember the sound a fire as the cars ignited, and the small gray cat coming up to me and licking my tears. It pawed at me until I moved, trying to crawl away from it as the vehicles behind me exploded, a large car door from the truck we were in landing where I had been just a moment before. My last image was the cat darting away into the darkness, before waking up at the hospital, my parents over me concerned as they told me my Grandparents didn't make it.

It wasn't until I was well into my thirties that I would see the cat again. This time I was driving my family to church, a bright and early Sunday morning. My wife beside me and our two small daughters, only a year apart singing Disney songs merrily. We were on a two-way frontage road, the highway roaring past us with semis. It was just like every Sunday since they were old enough to start attending Sunday School, and it was a comfortable twenty-minute drive to the rural Church we preferred. That's when I saw it again, the small gray cat loafing contently on the side of the road, it's emerald eyes locking onto mine. Time slowed, as I followed it's gaze as it looked at me until I had passed, my head turning back as I head my daughter yell "Kitty!" and smile at me. I grinned back, quickly looking at the road again. A sudden flashback of that night years ago hit me and suddenly I panicked, braking hard. Except the brakes no longer worked; I pumped and pumped and there was no resistance. I let off the gas hoping to coast to a stop, but an intersection was fast approaching. I watched the speedometer as my wife yelled and pulled on me to stop, unable to move my eyes as we coasted down from 60 to 55, 50... when I then looked up as my wife screamed, one of the big semi's pulling off at one of the larger gas stations that would be the last stop for the bulk of the interstate beside us. I honked my horn but it was too late, it's slow tractor motor unable to do anything to get out of our way as we ran the red light and slammed into its side, bouncing off and into the on-ramp, where we flew up and up, before tipping over and rolling. Settled on the roof I was pinned to my seat, my arms numb I struggled to get free. I made the mistake of looking over to my wife, who's head as bent at an on an odd angle. I could hear my Marry crying in the back of me, but my youngest daughter was silent. I started yelling for help when the bastard of a cat came slinking through the broken driver's side window. It batted at my ear and glared at me, meowing loudly, before jumping up and hitting the button on my seat belt, freeing me. The cat darted out of the car, and I immediately began to wiggle and writhe my way out the same window, painfully cutting on the glass as I regained feeling my arms. I quickly pushed my self out and went to the door behind me, when a good Samaritan quickly came up behind me and pulled. "No!" I yelled, struggling against him. "You've got to get away, that was a fuel truck you hit!" he cried, and I looked as I saw the gasoline spilling out. "My daughter! She's in there!". The man pulling me stopped, putting me down as he ran back to the vehicle, crawling inside. My heart raced and tears streaked down my face as I saw him re-emerge with my daughter Marry, running. Just as he got far enough away, my car was engulfed in flames. My eyes welded shut and I laid back, screaming in agony.

And now here I was, just five years later on an Airplane with my daughter Marry. We were moving to live with my parents; after the accident I had lost my job and house, barely surviving as I drank myself to sleep most nights, cursing my life and grieving.

As I was playing a game with Marry on our iPad, I mused over my plan. By moving I would escape that damn cat. Terrified of driving, I had elected to fly us as ship our stuff separately. It had all gone so smoothly until suddenly the overhead bin popped open and out came that same gray cat. A few passengers gasped, others took out their phones and started filming, laughing. "Who brought a cat on the plane?" said the stewardess, marching forward with hands on her hips. I was frozen in place, hoping this was some sick joke, when those emerald eyes turned to lock into mine.

"GET AWAY FROM THAT CAT!" I yelled, screaming as I stood up. The stewardess blinked, then looked at me sternly. "Sir, please calm down. Please sit back in your seat. I'll let the captain know."  I shook my head violently, as Marry stared up at me fearfully, having heard me many a night screaming about a cursed cat. The stewardess looked back at a man and he nodded, standing up, presenting me with a badge. "Sir, I'm a federal air marshal and I'm going to have to ask you to sit back down." I looked to the cat that ran down the aisle towards the back of the plane, turning to sit and look at me mockingly. I looked back up at the air marshal and shook my head. "You don't understand. You're all going to die-" The air marshal suddenly took a serious stance, lunging forward to my outstretched arm that had been pointing at the cat. With trained ease he turned me around and cuffed me. "Sir, come with me to the back of the plane. Don't make this harder for your daughter than it has to be." I looked to Marry, who was clutching her iPad, her knuckles white as she was on the verge of tears. The stewardess reappeared, and the Captain announced an emergency landing. "No, no no! This is all part of the cat's plan! Please stop! You've got to listen to me!" I struggled. My daughter erupted in tears as the stewardess moved to comfort her, the passenger's phones pointed my way as some watched with concern while most were feeding on the drama.

The air marshal moved me, around pushing me towards the back of the plane. The cat stretched lazily and then gave me what I thought was a wink before it dashed to the back of the plane to a part I could not see. The air marshal kept pushing me and I grudgingly moved, not wanting to cause a scene for Marry anymore. Then the plane suddenly jerked violently, throwing the air marshal off balance. Now was my chance. I pushed back hard against him, causing him to tumble into the seats to my left. I turned and kicked the gun out of his hand as he came back up, and ran towards my daughter. The stewardess backed away quickly and ran towards the cabin, while I bowed down to Marry. "You have to listen to Daddy now. Grab on to me. We've got to get to the back of the plane." She sniffled, as I moved so she could climb onto my back, carrying her I ran to the back of the plane, shoving the air marshal hard as he tried to block my way. Adrenaline coursed through me as I searched the back- finding the cat loafed on one of the crew seats. It got up and yawned, then locked eyes at me and meowed loudly. It jumped off the seat and dodged my kick as it ran towards the front of the plane.