“Face the camera, sir,” the officer said sternly with a hint of pity as the old man’s eyes were sluggishly fixated on one corner of the room.

“I said face the camera for your mug shot, sir,” louder this time. The old man’s eyes slowly moved from the corner of the room to the lens of the camera and the edges of his mouth curved to a toothy grin.

“Jesus christ, he’s still high as fuck,” whispered the female officer behind the computer, processing the mugshot.

“What is he even here for?” asked a fat, white, male officer.

“Caught in a drug bust in the inner city. They found him sitting on the floor smoking crack with some ten others who about nearly passed out on some injectables. One of them OD’d, went straight the coroner’s.”

“Typical.”

“But for a crackhead, Chapiro here has nice teeth.” They both chuckled.

“There are no records of him anywhere, must be an undocumented immigrant.”

“Between deportation and prison, I’d choose the latter. At least I’d get free meals.” The fat officer remarked.

“Martinez, take the old man to his cell now,” ordered the female officer and the young, lean, male officer who had been going through files and drinking his coffee moments earlier stood from his desk and went over to the old man. He cuffed the man’s hands and noticed numbers tattooed on his forearm and he was taken aback.

“Wow. I-uh, sir, I’ve never seen a Holocaust survivor in jail before.” He said. The old man did not look at the officer and kept his eyes forward, but bluntly said, “well now, son, you have.” The officer looked down and nodded, quite embarrassed that he failed to engage the man in a conversation in his first attempt when he’s bursting with questions, but he does not stop.

“Did you, uh, get shot there or whatever? The nazis, I mean. Because I’ve heard -“ The officer stopped talking when the old man turned to him and his eyes met the old man’s cold ones.

“No, I’m really sorry. It’s stupid. You wouldn’t even be alive if that were -“

“They tried.” The old man interrupted. His expression shifted from a look of annoyance to that full of mischief. He smiled and winked at Martinez who felt unnerved by the old man’s smile. He gave a nervous smile back and the old man faced forward again, still smiling like he’s remembering good old times. In front of them now is a hall with at least twenty individual cells with metal bars facing each other. Before the hall is a metal detector which beeped when the officer and the old man walked through it.

“Didn’t they make you empty your pockets at the entrance?” The officer asked. The old man just looked at him with droopy eyes like he had just been inconvenienced. The officer patted the old man’s whole body and felt his pockets while the old man’s hands were up.

“You need to go through the body scanner to be checked for contrabands. Do you have a pacemaker or something?”

“No. I don’t have any disease. Sucks for me, I can’t contract any.” He groaned. The officer ignored the old man’s last few remarks thinking he’s dealing with someone who has mental health problems. He figured it’s dementia. Yeah, probably dementia, although he doesn’t know the symptoms, it just sounds about right because a lot of old people have it. Dementia. He shrugged and assisted the old man back to the previous room with his colleagues.

“He needs to be scanned. Must be carrying a bomb or a shiv up his ass. Poor old man has problems.” He told the fat officer. They assisted him to the body scanner and a few moments after he stepped down, the female officer behind the computer covered her mouth and her eyes were wide in shock.

“Holy fucking shit.” She said, and the other three male officers quickly made their way behind her. Their eyes widened, their mouths gaped. The fat officer put his hand on his forehead and ran his fingers through his thin hair in disbelief. No other sound was immediately heard aside from their gasps. They fell silent and turned to the old man sitting quietly on the bench, unbothered. Finally, Martinez slowly walked closer to the old man and broke the silence, “sir, you have no records anywhere and we need it. Are you absolutely positive that your name is Artur Chapiro? That must be your son’s name or whatever, you just forgot.”

“Why?” The old man said showing no concern.

Martinez pursed his lips, “sir, there are at least twelve bullets lodged in your torso.”

The old man looked at every one of them, evaluating their faces. He chuckled to himself.

“No, my real name is Lazarus.”