Oh, for the sadism of a cat.  Our domestic mass murderer and torture prince had another victim, in my fucking living room. Mouse blood, bits and pieces, and the poor things tortured to death routinely in the house, but in a suburb a cat is kinda useful so I suck it up. But still, the poor things.  I sighed and shooed away the cat, and that is when I met Rodney.  

Of course I have no idea what his name really was (or is, I hope), I just thought Rodney is a good name for a rodent. Actually I just assumed he is male, I never really checked.  Rodny, maybe that's more gender neutral? Ah, I'll go with the mouse as a boy and if me assuming a mouse's gender offends you, then fuck you.  

I shooed the sadistic bastard away and took my little mouse shovel and towel to scoop up the twitching remains (Sir Pounce is not in the habit of taking fit mice for prisoner), except the remains were anything but limp. Indeed, the mouse took a backward leap.  Not a panicked run, not a sudden jolt of awareness, but a .. conscious, 
defensive leap.  When you scooped or chased enough mice, most of them half dead, you immediately sense if something is different, 
and something was very different indeed.  

This was when I realized this mouse was standing on its hind legs.  Well, kind of, swaying over, but definitely more two feet than four feet. It was also clutching something in its paw, something thin and yellow.  I think at that moment it became a he for me.  Then I realized that this mouse wore fucking clothes, and some kind of necklace around his neck.  At this moment I realized my life was at a turning point, and also that this mouse was in dire need of help.  

I naturally postponed the whole turning point of life issue and just figured I would need to help Rodney first.  From his stance it did look like he might have some broken bones, and he certainly did not see me as the deus ex machina to save him.  Luckily, nobody cleaned up the living room and our cheese cover was in reach.  Rodney still almost made it, battered up or not, but I was quick enough for once.  

My ex wife had a pet rat some years ago, and we still had the Rat Table in the basement.  If a rat could not escape, I figured, a mouse should be safe. So there went Rodney, into a little rat paradise (well, sans the sex).  This was when I realized four things.  

Firstly, that Rodney did not only wear some draping items as clothing, but godforsworn leather armor.  I examined in detail, and it definitely looked like bona fide leather armor.  In case you do not know, leather is not just animal hide you skin off.  It took humanity probably thousands of years to figure out how to make leather.  Either somebody with a deranged sense of humour equipped Rodney with this, or..  or .. 

Secondly, what he held in his hand was the remains of one of these cocktail 'sword' thingies.  Oversized for him when intact, and broken in half but he clang to it as if his life depended on it -- which it very well probably did.  I took his necklace at first for being made out of cat's claws, but later I googled and found cat's claws to be way larger, so that might have been more of a talisman.  

Thirdly, that this was my chance to fame.  This was new, unheard of, unique.  It could revolutionize intelligence research, biology, and put me on front pages world wide.  I could make millions just recommending cheese or yogurt.  

And finally, that Rodney was Aware. He looked at me, as a creature, and understood that I was I, and that I did what I did.  He reacted to me, as a person, doing things, not to some of my appendices going this way or that.  He appeared to look at my face, like if he tried to decide whether I was friendly or not.  

I think what decided things at the end was my hatred of the cat torturing those poor little things.  For once, I had the chance to make things 
right again.  So my first order of business was to supply Rodney with food in his shelter.  Well, that did not work, as he refused to eat, insisting on a vigilante stance for danger.  In a desperate attempt, I went up, caught Sir Pounce trying to sneak out, went down and showed Rodney the cat held up on its neck, then sideways, then upside down (Pouncy meekly protesting the unheard of treatment) then ostensibly carrying it out of the basement and loudly slamming the door.   

This was quite the success.  After some moments, Rodney sat down on a piece of wood.  I bet you never saw a mouse sitting down on its ass, but Rodney did and it looked ghastly human, like an exhausted police officer after a 14 hour shift.  A lot of tension left his body and beyond his precious little remnant of a plastic sword and his upright stance he just looked like a tired, scared mouse far away from home (I saw enough of those to tell).  My offerings of shelter and food were inspected then, but as he frequently looked up to me I saw him thinking on what I was up to.  At the end, hunger and exhaustion won him over and he just went and eat (only vegetarian food) and then went to sleep.  

I had taken absolutely no pictures or videos up until this point, and i mentally kicked myself violently in the private parts at this moment.  
Then, I realized I did not really want to.  This was unique, yes, but it was unique to me, and sharing this moment would take it away from my grasp.  

Six hours later, Rodney stirred, and I presented him with some fresh fruit.  When he was satiated, I noticed he only bore a slight tilt in stature and limp in movement.  I was quite proud to show him what I worked on when he was recovering; namely I took some leftover bits of spring steel and grinded out a blade suitable to his size; the handle was a bit rough but this thing would really hurts cats or anyone daring to mess with Mr Squeek here.  Rodney immediately took the blade, dropping his old plastic thingie for it.  Then he went and cut off a slice of his leather armour, proceeding to make a leather wrapping for the handle.  When done, he tried some swings and pierce attacks and seemed really happy.  

The other gift was a bit more tricky.  I tried to demonstrate how a shield can, well, shield you, but my carefully created lighweight 
balsa shield did not seem to click with Rodney.  I tried several times, but even the two times Rodney tried it, it appeared that his 
instincts would not allow him to flign up his hand for blocking an attack.  At the end, he decided to just hang it up on his back, 
I guess to cover a retreat if necessary.  Or maybe he just wanted to be polite.  

Well, that is about that I guess.  The next morning I went out in the garden to release Rodney. He took straight aim North West 
and ran like he had quite some miles to cover before lunch time.  So, no, I have no proof anything of this actually happened.  I know, this is obviously impossible, and a really bad lie on top - why would I have released this unique mouse?  So laugh at this story all you might.  

But as far as I am concerned, on that night I became Wayland The Smith, saving a young hero from doom and forging a legendary weapon for a legendary fighter who faces horrifying monsters each day so that his kin can rest in peace.  I am whole.  