I was prioritizing my daily assignments. I have to start each day with a list of tasks, or nothing gets done. So I woke up thinking: How do I motivate myself to go out and form a friendly human bond today? That was what my therapist suggested I do. I had nothing against the idea, but it was an obstinate task. I have no basis for forming bonds, it's unrealistic. Anyway, I started by looking up the definition.

"A bond is a relationship between two people based on shared feelings."

Ok, I can do that.

I looked through my list of tasks for the day to identify one that involved interacting with another person. There wasn't one, because today is Saturday. I could've given up then. But I relinquished the fear and decided to order pizza for lunch. That's two human interactions on the whole: the phone call to order the pizza, and the reception at my front door.

I spent most of the morning looking at a list of human feelings to decide which one I wanted to share with the phone attendant and the delivery person. I decided that "humor" would be of benefit to both parties. I would orchestrate an event in which I would receive a pizza whilst sharing a humorous moment with the phone-attendant and delivery person.

I rang up Casadroga's.

"Casadroga's."

"Hi, I would like to place an order for delivery."

I gave them my name, address, and phone number.

"What would you like?"

"I would like a *cheese pizza with no crust*."

He paused.

"Who is this again?"

His Italian accent was slipping. His voice weakened a little. I hit the funny bone.

I stated my name again.

"Sir, did you say you would like a *cheese pizza with no crust*?"

"It's - it's good right?" I sniggered.

It was completely silent on the other line. Muted. He probably had his hand cupped over the receiver, stifling laughter. This was a breakthrough.

"Yah. It's good. Hold a minute."

I was confused by the phone attendant's behavior but I decided to roll with the punches. He had my name. My address. My phone number. All the ingredients for a friendship. I felt a little anxious, to be honest. For twenty years I had not felt an emotional connection to another person.

I heard footsteps in the receiver. Then his voice again.

"The tomatoes are off."

I could not identify what he was feeling anymore. His voice was completely stiff. Was he evoking pity? Was it another joke? I just said the first thing that came to mind.

"Ew."

"SHIT" I heard several voices clamor. Then he turned off the phone.

******

I'm not sure how I feel anymore.

Whenever I try to connect with another person, I get confused and say the wrong thing. I spent a few hours crying. I didn't even finish putting my list of daily assignments together.