But the highground is exactly where he wanted everyone to go. I was watching the news all day, seeing the blurry videos and the graphic pictures online, it all almost seemed to good to be true. I was absolutely horrified for what was to come, but for some reason looked foward to it.

"Daddy what is the man on TV saying?" my son asked clutching his favorite Obi-Wan Kenobi figure.


"Nothing sport everything is gonna be fine I swear go, see if Mom needs help okay?"


As he hobbled away like most kids do even in a  scary situation, I sat staring at the TV egarly waiting for what was to come next. The nation was in shambles as no one could pinpoint who and what was causing this mass panic. Soliders we're in pieces, Tanks sliced in half, innocent lives being cut down as more and more reports came in. The thing was though, it was getting closer to us.

All of a sudden the TV went static as the sirens blared in the distance. My Wife began screaming, looking around as if this was the end. "Are we going to die?!" She yelled clutching our 6 year old in her arms. "Mommy your hurting m- me". 

Luckily I was able to calm her down, she was shaking and almost in a frenzy. "Thats it, we need to go now, grab what ylu have already and lets go!" 


We ran out to the car and packed as fast as we could, I could see fire and smoke a blaze in the distance. I simply couldn't believe for a second what was happeneing. A few military helicopters few overhead, only making us work faster. 

As I hop in the car I look at my son who is more than startled now, still griping his action figure tightly and holding it close.

"Hey buddy, what do the Jedi say in all the movies?"

He looked up at me and smiled "The Force is with us" and chuckled like little kids do. 

I look at my wife and remind that I love her. She does the same as I peel out of the driveway.

It was smooth for a while, suprisingly steady as there was little to no traffic driving out of town. However we hit a military check point not to long after. A man was checking passports and I.D.'s as cars and people passed through. We sat therw for what seemed like forever. My wife begun getting uneasy again as we drew closer and closer.

Evenutally it was our turn. A man armed to the teeth came over to the window and begun barking orders.

"Please present a form of I.D for all passagers in the vehicle sir!"

"N- no problem I have it all here" shaking showing him our credentials.

As he grabbed the papers and state I.D's from our hands and begins to walk in place, and then all lf a sudden stops. He looks as if he's seen a ghost and does a double take at my son.

"You.. its you hes after. Get the hell out of the car you little bastard!" 

My wife begins to scream, causing my son to become frantic and start crying as well. The solider repeated him self 2 times after that until a full blown panic ensued. People began running in circles while the military attempted to keep them in line. 

The solider repeated himself one more time as he stood there with a gun pointed direcrty at my sons window "I said get the Fu-!" He then stopped mid sentence and looked up horrified. Directly past my car and towards the cliffs hanging over the checkpoint was a sight I'd thought I'd never see. A man in a tan robe like uniform stood there with a metallic handle in hand. He had a scruffy beard and 2 sharp eyes that pierced anyone who looked his way. Evenutally he locked with the solider and begun to look him up and down. At that moment I knew what was then happening, but before I could say anything he spoke 2 simple words.

"Hello there!"

He leaped from the cliff side igniting the mattalic hilt releaseing a blue stream of what appeared to be pure energy and dashed towards the soldier.

"Open fire!" He yelled which was only fallowed by a hallowing "BZZZZT".

He stood there frozen for a minute until all you could see was the mans torso slowly disconnect from the rest of his body. 

The robed figure then dashed again, swinging his blue sword with such grace and skill cutting down civilians and military personal alike. 

My wife was frozen, she could barly breath as we both witnessed the slaughter outside our window. As I turn to her yelling for her to get out of the car she wouldn't move a single muscle. As I keep screaming for her to listen to me I noticed my son was no where to be found. His car seat belt undone was the only indication that he slipped away.

I start calling out for him in the car and I hop from the front all the way to the back desperately looking for him, until my wife gasped and pulled me upfront.

My son was outside standing right in front of the car staring at the robed figured as he kicked and sliced his way through everyone who stood in his path. He was morified but intrigued at the same time.

At that moment the man turned back and stared directly at my son. They locked eyes as the wind howled sharply. The man began walking towards our car when he stopped at the very first man he killed and bent down. He picked up our paper work and scanned through it thoroughly as if he was looking for something. At that exact moment the man jumps higher than I'd ever seen before, and lands on top of our car.

I without thinking get out to see just was he was doing. Standing there, the man had his blade pointing his blade towards my son. Everything was quiet until he began to speak once more.

"Are you Anikan?" 

My son looked at the man and back at me a few times over, still clutching his Obi-Wan figure in his hands. He then looked at me one more time as I bagan shaking my head to not say a single word. 

"I won't ask again! Is your name Anikan?" 

"Y- yes" he answered reluctantly.

The man laughed still pointing his blue saber in his direction. 

He then smiled and said standing on top of the car "Give it up now Anikan! I have the high ground!" 