The cold steel of the police car met my face with welcome, and I could feel the officer clamp his cuffs around my wrists - they had been after me for a while. I lived in the shadows, watching them for years, each and every one of my plans successful. Blowing up the bridge? Flawless. Blackmailing that bank CEO? Slight snag in the plan, but luckily his mistress loved money more than him. And who can forget the anthrax threat on every government building? Baking soda in envelopes was certainly the cheapest chaos inducing plan I've ever done. 

But then he came along. I had seen him on the news. That "super hero" that everyone just adored. Of course, he managed to ruin every heist, explosion, assassination and robbery I tried to pull off. It was getting annoying. But ah, one of my favourites, trying to assassinate the Queen of England. On a personal note, assassinations are my favourite. Infiltrating a building, sneaking around guards, it was practically child's play. But this one night, I'll never forget. 

I had managed to almost sneak into the Queen's bedroom. The castle was certainly fancy, I might have to note a few decorating tips, it was definitely my style. Classy, expensive, and jaw dropping. 

I felt the cool breeze on my face as I climbed across the roof. I crawled across silently, my black suit disguising me in the darkness. Putting a sleeping agent in the castles water supply was genius, it's a shame that the royal's supply is different. I won't divulge my recipe, but it takes around 12 hours to take effect, ensuring that all guards, staff, and animals would be fast asleep. 

"So, the Silent Raven, how did you think you could get away from this one?" A deep, although sexy voice sounded behind me. Orange light suddenly illuminated the area, and I felt a rush of heat run through my body. I turned my head behind me to see him. I had seen him on the news, this "hero" everyone adored. The Dark Flame. I suppose he was handsome. He was a thief, an assassin, like me. He stupidly chose the "light". He enjoyed using his flame power to protect and to help. I, however, used my powers to blend into the darkness to my advantage. I've got all the money in the world, everything I ever wanted, because I didn't give in.

"Hey there, embers. I never thought we'd get the chance to meet." I said, standing and turning around. There he stood, standing in his leather armour eyeing me up and down. I suddenly felt the need to place a wet floor sign nearby.

He smirked a little. "It was inevitable and you know it", he said as he slightly raised his chin in confidence. Time to do what I do best.

I shifted my body so the wind blew my hair just right, pulled my armour down to expose one of my two best assets, and looked him straight in the eyes. I could see him starting to get all hot and bothered.

I walked towards him slowly, and he raised his other hand in defence, igniting it. I stopped, and smiled at him. 

"There's no need for that, here." I said, and I pulled every weapon I had on me out of my armour. Knives, a bow, sword, throwing stars, guns. I let them fall to the ground.

He extinguished his flames in return. His eyes wouldn't stop looking through mine, and I felt an indescribable weakness towards him. This has never happened before. 

I took one more step towards him, and we both gasped in surprise. Almost simultaneously, we broke eye contact and ripped up our left sleeves. There. The soulmate mark. It was glowing blue. 

We looked up at each other, feeling the love bonding us together. Our breathing quickened. Our pupils dilated. Our instincts drew us together. As if in sync, we walked towards each other and kissed. I was in pure bliss. His hands felt hot running across my waist, goosebumps appeared all over my body, I felt feelings I haven't felt before and it was wonderful. He felt.... perfect. 

He broke the kiss first. We both tried catching our breath. I tried to pull myself away but my body wouldn't let me. We were meant to be here. Our foreheads rested against each other, his arms still wrapped around me. I opened my eyes to see his still closed. I studied his face. I saw perfection. Sure, there was an almost invisible scar across his forehead, his hair was a little rugged but I couldn't imagine anyone more beautiful. 

"We can't" He whispered. He still didn't let go. I kissed him again, and tore myself away from him. I let out a small sob, apologised, and blended into the night. I ran, and ran, jumping across buildings, fences and trees. 

Tears flew away in the wind from the speed. I felt numb. I didn't even notice the lightning in the sky. I somehow managed to reach my townhouse in central London, and crept in through the window. I couldn't stop thinking about him. It felt like my body was dying. 

I looked at my surroundings. I'd give it all away to be close to him again. But it wouldn't work. I was a villain, and he.... He was my soulmate. We were soulmates. I made my way to my bed, and slipped in under the covers. I couldn't have been bothered to remove my armour. 

I turned around and looked at the empty pillow by my side. I traced my hand along it, imagining him there next to me. We connected for a few seconds. How could this have such an effect on me? 

I couldn't sleep. I should have taken some of that sleeping agent just to calm my thoughts and let my body rest. But I needed to be up early in the morning. I had to try to follow this MI6 agent. He was quite bothersome, and I had to figure out his routine. 

I got up and walked downstairs. Empty. Beautiful, but empty. I couldn't help but imagine him there. Sitting on the lounge with me. Cooking with me in the kitchen. I'd make him breakfast while he played with our dog outside. But it would never work. 

Fuck it. I opened the front door and locked it behind me. The smell of the rain refreshed me, and I set out to walk along the street. I just needed some of that soul-searching stuff I've seen so often in movies. Maybe it'll work. 

There was another figure on the street, moving towards me. I studied it. Oh my, it was Flame. 

We both stopped walking and stared at each other. I subdued the desire to run to him, but walked instead. He just stood there. 

After what felt like eternity, he was close to me. It felt right. 

"Hey, Embers" I whispered. 

"Hey, Raven" He replied. His voice was like honey. 

"I couldn't sleep"

"Me either"

"Nice night"

"I guess we both enjoy the rain at 4am"

"Of course. We both like the dark, and the rain is just a perk"

After I made that comment, we just stared. I tried to fight it, but it was too strong. I wrapped my arms around him and kissed him, and he kissed back. His arms met my waist again. I felt a burning desire to never let him go. 

He broke the kiss again. Fuck. "I don't care, I want you, we both know we're soulmates, our marks glowed. I never want to be parted from you again" He kissed me hard and pulled me closer to him. We melted into each other, and we stood there until we grew strong enough to break apart. 

I invited him back to my townhouse. The sex was amazing. 10 times, that's all I'll say.