I was surprised when the darkness faded. I had thought for the billions of years I’d lived that the heat death of the universe would be dissipation, the fading of the light, and then nothing but darkness. But the darkness faded. It looked like it was evaporating.

My feet touched a floor. Gravity tugged at my innards for the first time in millions of years. I was standing, perplexed. I spied other shapes remaining as the darkness drained away. One nearby walked over to me, in defiance of every natural law I thought I knew.

“So...is this a denouement? Who are you?” He looked confused. He clearly didn’t know what was going on either. He wore white robes cinched with a rope around his waist.

“I don’t know. I guess denouement is an appropriate enough term. It would seem to be an epilogue to existence itself.” I was unsure of what to say. “My name was Michael. I was human. I gave up mortality to witness the end of time. I had a wish once. It sounds absurd now, like a lie I believed for billions of years.” I started to cry.  I thought death would claim me long ago when the last atmosphere became too thin to breathe.  Now, there was something else where there should have been nothing but nothingness.

“I understand.  I was God. I created time and space, but not this. I just don’t know what this is. After trillions of civilizations and so many souls, they should all be folding back into me and forming heaven.  I feel cold and lonely.”

“Which god were you?”  Another being approached.  He was dark complected and wore laurels in his hair.  “I am Bacchus!  I promised my adherents an afterparty.  I suppose this  must be it.  Thought there'd be more of us.  I thought my twin Dionysus would show up at the same time.  Fashionably late, though.  Gotta respect that.  Here.”  A tray of goblets appeared in his hand.  I smelled wine for the first time in many lifetimes.  I took one and drank.  It was sumptuous.

“I was Yaheva.  I stewarded Earth for a few millennia, under the auspices of forty major religions.  I remember you.  You were Roman, weren't you?”  God took a goblet of wine and smelled it deeply, then drank.

“I was Greco-Roman.  I led a bit of a double life.  Who are these others?  Are we all gods?”  I introduced myself and told him of my wish.  As others gathered, he served them all wine as they identified themselves.  Yaheva created some tables and chairs and some crackers and cheese.  We learned a bit about each other.

One woman was the Allmother, determined to take care of all of humanity.  A floating crystal identified itself as ObserverCrystal, sworn to catalog every bit of existence til the end of time.  A shadowy patch of air said it was the ultimate recursive analogy, and existed to prove a point about consciousness.  There were others, some from different species, most with one impetus to remain alive and immortal until the end of time.  Each had a different story.  One claimed to be the incarnation of death, another the incarnation of life.

“Wait,” I said, “Do we all have our own story?”

“Of course,” said Life, “all of existence is a story, is it not?  It's beautiful.”

“Look, I've been alive for hundreds of billions of years,” I said, ”and I've seen things beyond life or death or consciousness or philosophy.  We are all thinking in small terms.  We sound like unworldly locals, provincial conformists.  We are all of us too limited, too parochial.  We sound like tales swapped over a campfire, like what limited mortals would think immortals sound like.  We sound like different answers to the question 'what would you do if you could live forever?'”

“It's true,” said the man who claimed to travel through time having sex with every human who ever existed, “I'm not very likely. I mean, I'd probably get tired of it all after the first ten thousand people.  We're like one note answers to a challenge.”

“Or entries in a bet.” said Death.

“Or responses to a writing prompt.”, said a small mollusk, perched on the edge of his goblet.  A chill ran through my bones.  Everyone sat silently for a few moments.  Then Bacchus produced a skin of wine and filled our goblets.

“A toast,” he said, to our small crowd in the huddled pale light of the aftermath of the universe, ”To we who will not die and need not worry.  We shall have our own campfire, then.  Drink up, then let's swap stories about what it must be like to be mortal!”

“Oh!,” said Life, “you'd probably be greedy and needful.  Mortals love things!”

“Ha! It's true!,” said Death, “They all cling to their possessions!  Even their thoughts.  How foolish!”

The mood lightened, the wine flowed, and we swapped tales, well lit by our unlikely circumstances, and we felt better for it.