I woke up, and looked around. There was nothing except for a slip of paper. It had a name. My name. I got up and looked around. The room seemed to extend forever, or at least for a wrong while. I began to walk around, sensing that I was being watched. Soon I reached a wall, and following it for a little longer, I reached a door. Through the door, there was some sort of command center. Everything in it was running as usual, but there was no one there, giving off a very eerie feeling. I walked to a film recording station, and began to play back the tape. I saw myself, speaking to a man in a cloak. We had been talking for several minutes, but once I began to seem more invested in what was being said, the screen went white. I walked through the room to the next door, and the same man in the cloak was sitting, seemingly waiting for me. "Did you really think that that was all it would take?" he said. I stared blankly, and after a few seconds, he realized what had happened. "I guess you aren't really thinking anything. Come with me." He got up, and led me back into the control room. He sat down at the film station, and rewinded for far longer than I had before. "This is when they first began to test you," he said, "Your magical abilities were, and are, far beyond anything that had been seen before. We were attempting to figure out why you were so powerful. You quickly decided that you wanted to leave, but we continued to test your abilities. We tried to replicate your abilities in a test subject. All of our attempts failed. And one of them escaped. He was a great threat to our safety, as he was still given enhanced magical abilities, and he realized that we almost destroyed him. We tasked you with trying to destroy him before he got out of control. You tracked him for several months, and finally engaged with him a few weeks ago. He had been accumulating memories for a long time, so you were no match for him. He was ready to kill you, when you unleashed all of your memories into one spell. You defeated him, but his corrupted magic tainted your own. That is the problem now." "What was the spell that I used?" I asked, desperate to figure out how I could help. "That doesn't matter yet." He answered. "What do you remember now?" "Just my name." I replied. "That is a problem," said the man, "I am afraid that we will have to take a precautionary measure. You see, the spell that you cast- you created clones of yourself. Six of them. They were corrupted by the subject's magic. Now they are on the run, causing even more problems than the subject did, all with their own memories to use." After saying this, he pulled back his cloak. I watched on in horror as I saw his face perfectly mirror mine. "I apologize for having to do this," he said, "but you will only cause more problems now that I have told you this." He raised his hand, and I began to choke. He put his cloak back on, and left me to die in the control room. He did not finish the job, though. I crept after him, gathering my last bit of strength. I realized that my only memory left to give up was my name. Crawling in his trail, I let loose my final spell. He fell limp to the ground, and I heard several thuds in the big room where I came from. I dragged them together with my last bit of strength, and let myself and them fall back to sleep, with every single one of our memories gone.