I sighed and leaned back from the computer...things just weren't panning out...all my leads...all my research...was coming to nothing. I shook my head and stretched my arms above it, grunting loudly and receiving a round of shushes and annoyed looks from the librarians in the Research section. I rolled my eyes and stood up, deciding to take a short walk and stretch my legs.

I had been here in the library all day, crawling the net, looking in the deepest recesses of the web that I could get to...legally. Nothing, my goal was as out of reach today as it had been for the last 7 years.

I really thought today would have been different...especially after what had occurred yesterday.

I had been just walking around late at night, like I usually do. Not having a home leaves you with a lot of time to travel and a lot of time to think. I was passing a neighborhood that was undergoing renovations. Many of the houses had been abandoned decades ago and I had even slept in quite a few of them. But there had always been ONE house that was beyond my reach. Someone must have seen promise in the structure, because unlike the other houses that had their windows and doors blocked off with easy to remove plywood and Philips screws...this one...this one had every entry way covered with metal plates and security torx bits. There were even security cameras. For a while, until lowlifes and teenagers with nothing better to do broke them off the building just for spite.

So I had been unable to conquer this single dwelling for years...but this time, all the security measures were removed, and a large dumpster sat in the driveway, filled to the brim with stuff. Curiosity edged me on and I'd scrambled up the side of it to take a look inside, to see the treasures that had evaded my grasp.

Inside were all the usual detritus you would find in an abandoned house: Old Newspapers and warped paperback books, broken dishes, smashed radios and electronics. A single shoe. Always a single shoe...never a PAIR of shoes in a size that I could fit. I dug around a little more, coughing in all the dust that wafted up from the depths of the dumpster, then I spied a cardboard box in a corner, a glint of bronze colored metal shining almost golden in the yellowed streetlamps overhead. I smiled and crawled inside, grunting as I had to lift a ceramic kitchen sink and a Solid oak door off the box. Man they sure didn't make doors like THAT anymore, it weighed half as much as I did. But eventually I freed the box from it's prison and dragged it back up to the top with me.

Sitting on the edge of the dumpster, I lifted the object from the box and looked it over. It was one of those old time oil lamps, dented and crusted with corrosion. It had apparently had a hard life, it's handle  had come undone on the bottom and had sprung free, and it's spout was bent at an upward angle that would have made it practically useless to light unless you used a shoelace or something as a wick.

Whatever, I chuckled and picked up an old crusty towel from the dumpster and rubbed it off to get a better look at it. A lot of the corrosion stayed on but most of the dust fell away and a fair bit of unblemished metal gleamed back at me.  I smiled and set it beside me, then went back to search the rest of the box, but I was interrupted as a large gust of wind came out of nowhere. I grunted and placed the box back down and held onto the oak door as the wind stirred up ALL the dirt in the dumpster, throwing it up into my face and my ears and my eyes. I started coughing, holding the towel over my face to help combat the sandstorm I found myself in...but in a few moments, the blizzard of rust and dirt died away and I was left hacking and gasping over the dumpster.

As I tried to regain my ability to breath, I heard someone calling...

“You okay boy”

I coughed and followed the sound, looking behind me through squinted eyes to see another homeless man standing on the sidewalk, looking up at me with concern. His hair was long and ratty, looking surprisingly like an old well used mop. His face was creased and pitted from age and injuries, but it was wrinkled in all the right places. Arches over the eyebrows, check marks in the corners of his mouth and cheeks...what were those called again, 'laugh lines'? He wore a long winter coat, but what homeless man didn't? It made sure he stayed warm enough at nights and served as armor for when he had to leg it through thorns and wooded areas to make camp. He obviously thought so too, because it was covered in little scraps of fabric from whatever sources he could find to repair holes and rips. And although he was quite old, he was steady on his feet, his back was straight, and he had a twinkle in his eyes that just welcomed you to stay for a while and talk. It took me a few attempts, but I managed to choke out a reply. “I'm....I'm good...you?”

He smiled and shrugged. “Seen better days. Crazy wind we just got...weather getting out of control lately...all those climate change deniers better get their heads outta their asses, cause it's gonna get worse...the signs are everywhere...Say, anything good in there?”

I spit into the dumpster to clear some of the grit from my mouth. When I felt I could speak without spitting up a sandbar, I smiled and held up the shoe. “I dunno, you got a size 10 Left that needs replacing?”

He looked down at his foot and checked the sole, then shook his head. “Nah, got a few more months left in these old things.”

I smiled wider. I liked this man's attitude. Then I thought about something. “Yah know, maybe this will help?” I retrieved the lamp and passed it down to the old man. “I have a part time job so I'm not really THAT hard up for money...maybe you can take this down to Alphonce Metal Salvage for some scrap money.”

He looked at the lamp, then looked back up at me. “You sure about that boy?”

I nodded and waved it off. “Yeah, I'm really only up here because I just wanted to see what came out of this house I could never get into. Don't really need the stuff.”

He nodded and smiled back. “Well, alright then...is there anything I can do for yah?”

I chuckled and sighed, looking back into the dumpster to continue my search. “Maybe wish me good luck in 2017...It could really be more productive than the last 7 years been...and I need all the luck I can get...”

I felt the old man reach up and pat my calf, grasping it and shaking it in his hand once. “Don't worry boy...it will be...” Then he let go.

I chuckled and leaned back over the dumpster, extending my hand to shake his. “Thank's...Sir?” I looked around. Then I looked again.

The old man was gone. Without a sound. Just...Poof.

I stood there blinking...confused. Where was he? How did he just pull a freaking Batman and vanish like that? I thought about it for a moment...

No.

No way.

It couldn't have been...magic isn't real...

But the lamp...and the old man...

I slowly got down off the dumpster, blinking the remaining crust out of my eyes beneath the glow of the lamps...then I started walking...

I had a lot to think about....

==========

Fast forward to today. I had decided to give it another shot...the search. The search that always ended in failure. I logged into the public PC around noon and started looking again...maybe today...maybe it WOULD be different...

That was about 8 hours ago. I finished stretching my legs out and pulled out the chair again, checking the clock in the taskbar.

8:16PM. The library closes at 8:30. Oh well. Guess magic isn't real after all. I sighed and logged back in. One more crack at it, then it was back to the streets for the night.

I opened google again and typed in my keywords, then hit enter. At that moment, the clock ticked over to 8:17...and something weird happened. My vision grew dim...almost like a tunnel.

Sound seemed to deepen more and more, motions around me slowing to almost nothing.

The search results came up on the screen, results I had seen so many times and knew they didn't lead anywhere...but this time...certain ones...they had a golden aura around them...

Without thinking about it, I clicked the link...then clicked the link after that, and the link after that.

My fingers moved on their own, slashing the mouse everywhere and typing at lightening speed. I could hear my heart racing as result after result appeared, automatically following a golden line that traced from site to site, link to link, one obscure reference to another.

Suddenly, I snapped back in my seat with a gasp, head rolling back as it took all I had to slow my breathing, my heart about to spring from my chest. I lifted my hands to my head to try and ease the ache, noticing how much they shook as I tried to touch my face with them.

“The fuck...?” I said aloud, then quickly looked around for librarians. I shouldn't have done that, it made my head throb and I quickly grabbed it in my hands, wincing and whimpering slightly. My brain pulsed painfully and I closed my eyes, concentrating on slowing my heart, regaining control of my lungs...panting under my breath. “Seriously...what the fuck....”

When I could finally open my eyes again and I felt like I was relatively stable, I looked back up at the screen.

And looked again.

It was an old newspaper article. Well, not THAT old, only a couple years...but old in the news sense. It showed a couple, in their late 50's early 60's. An old man...that looked a lot like me...

Beneath it was an article about them...they were asking for help for the location of their son. He had vanished on a vacation trip over a decade ago and they were desperate for any information anyone might have had.

Included in the article was an address and telephone number, both out of state...and a sketch of what their son might look like now.

I stared at it...in unbelief...

The clock ticked 8:18.

It's them...

I'd done it.

I'd found my parents.

….maybe magic is real...