"So, honey, how was your first day of, uh, wizding school?" It was our little joke; her little brother couldn't quite get the word out and it kind of stuck as a family joke. 

"Dad. Um- do you remember when you spent that week skimming slush in the Northwest Passage?"

"It was a month. Yeah, sweetie. I hope you still don't worry about me being sad; the trip was fabulous in it's own right. Sure, it may have been nice to find a new microbe or lichen or *anything* but hey- daddy did what hundreds of men died trying!"

It still stung. All the planning, all the donations and grants. He'd found new things, microbes and even algae other places where ice melt was revealing the eldritch past. But his NW Passage expedition had been a month long exercise in futility. Even so: he was a dad, he had to demonstrate heroic failure as much as victory. 

She waved his words out of the air.

"No, dad, Dad! You didn't waste that trip! You singlehandedly revolutionized the field of North American Cryozoology!"

"What's that, hun?"

"A dog-sized drake that breathes a freezing fog when it gets threatened, two types of snow fairy and whole bunch of other stuff I can't remember because it doesn't make any sense yet!"

"Maeve. We've talked about this. The expedition was a bust. I got nothing. We learned virtually nothing."

"Not so! The Ministry's plant Eloise Greenjoy had to call in freelance Phantamesmers just to keep up with you!"

"Umm..."

"Dad! Your memory was meddled with! I'm talking about those two drunken interns you were yelling about to mommy the night you got back."

"You were supposed to be sleeping, honey. I'm sorry you heard that. But if those soused bozos hadn't knocked over the specimen table and contaminated-"

"DAD!" She grabbed him by the face and squeezed his cheeks, puckering his lips closed. "They weren't drunks they were mind wipe masters. And they weren't the only ones." She took her hand off his jowls. "The Saharan Survey? Fireants gave you those scars on your arm, not a careless research associate. Malay? Kidnapped by a hereforeto undiscovered tribe of troll not laid low with malaria! Dad, we HAVE to get your real memories back."

He stared at her, knowing she was a wizard but scarce able to take his imagination even that far. Had it not been an owl he may still be able to suspend disbelief. But he did his research doctorate on owls. They couldn't be trained to carry messages, least of all huge scrolls.

"But don't worry. I know where they're kept."