Three days. It was the longest I'd gone without seeing her - that is, since I'd started seeing her. She went home for the holiday weekend and left her classmates and studies behind. I never asked, of course, but I was secretly hoping she would bring me along and let me see her family for once.

Everything was so still in her dorm without her, aside from the shadows of the tree outside the window bouncing around the room. She had a bad habit of leaving her curtains open; I like to think she yearned for the thrill of others peering in on her life, no matter how temporal the glimpse. A passerby - a stranger - that she'd never know. I knew it probably wasn't true, but it helped me sleep at night.

I'd been seeing her for almost a year now. There was a rough patch when she first broke up with that guy from the intramural track team. She could do much better than him, and I told her that, but she would never listen to me. Afterward she swore off dating and has been focusing on her studies until Mr. Perfect came along. I've been right here ever since...

The shadows in the room began to wane as the sun sank out of the sky. Before long the whole room was a black hole and nothing could be distinguished from anything. 

A white flash. The room lit up - she was standing in the doorway, duffel in tow, hand hovering over the light switch. I found myself gasping. She looked worn out, like the long weekend took its toll, but still breathtakingly beautiful. Her hair was up in a messy pony and her _Odesza_ tank top had fallen off one shoulder. 

In the distance I could hear a knocking. I couldn't help but wonder who would be visiting at this - no, wait. I snapped back to reality and glanced up from my monitor. 

Agent Jeffries was standing in the door to the office, beaming at me. "Working late, huh?"

I looked at my watch: 11:21. _Shit_.

"Just filing some paperwork," I lied.

"Good man," he said with a smile. "You keep this up and you'll be a surveillance agent in no time."

I cautiously moved my hand and closed the video feed. "Heh," I offered nervously, "that'll be the day."

"Well, don't stay too late," he advised. "Big day tomorrow. Director of the whole NSA will be in to run through some protocol changes. They say that someone has been logging into the surveillance network off hours..."

I feigned shock. "Oh, oh wow. I'd hate to be that guy."

"Yeah," Jeffries nodded. "At least we've got nothing to worry about. Catch you tomorrow." He turned and trotted out of the doorway.

I hadn't realized that I was sweating profusely. _I wonder if Jeffries noticed..._