To preface: Trigger warning for suicide. Also this is my girlfriend's account because I can't remember my login.

Also, this is my VERY FIRST time attempting one of these or writing anything since middle school writing prompts, feedback appreciated!

.

.

I never thought purgatory would be like this.

As I looked over the... Machine? Wall slot? I noticed a small display. It read "LIVE ANOTHER DAY: 1$". Well, I'm obviously dead, so mission accomplished. However, whatever this magical, cash4life thing is, it's giving me a shot at more than I would've had otherwise. After taking a deep breath, I thought for a moment. How did I die? Well, I took my own life. But I'm assuming whatever this machine does probably takes me back to shortly before that event, which would be fine and i'd have nothing to explain at a hospital.

I'm thinking about accepting or declining the offer when a screen appears beside the slot. It starts showing me graphic scenes of my loved ones mourning, lives changing, people moving on. But it didn't sit well with me. The image of my mother's face covered in heartbreak I couldn't bear to look at. "Is this really it?" I thought to myself.

I couldn't let that become a reality.

"Well alright, that seems fair, a dollar a day. Not too bad I can manage that. Just have to get rid of the PSNow and my netflix subscription but i'll manage."

So I put my dollar into the slot. And the very next second i'm right where I was before I made the decision to commit suicide. So I unload my gun, and put it away. The next thing I do is call my mom. I just have a normal conversation with her, tell her I love her then hop off the phone. At this point, i'm happy to be alive but i'm still depressed. I can't shake the images I saw on that display. The rest of the day plays out uneventful. I smoke some bud, play some Hearthstone and pass out. 

Then i'm faced with the same scene as before. The slot. Except this time the display read "LIVE ANOTHER DAY: 2$".

Shit.

"This isn't good. My days are numbered. This is just like the fatigue mechanic in Hearthstone, I guess god likes his card games." I pondered what this could mean. "No way will I allow all my money to be drained out of me so there's nothing left to leave to my wife and our son. Maybe i'm looking too much into it but if I want to escape this circle I need a plan, no guarantee this could work, but I have to go with what I know."

So I put my 2$ into the slot and wake up the following morning. I eat a good breakfast and start working on a plan. If this truly is like Hearthstone in that, for example, in other card games like Magic: The Gathering, if you draw from an empty deck you lose the game. But in Hearthstone, once you run out of cards you take 1 damage when you draw from it, then 2 damage, then 3 and so on. Much like this purgatory life-machine.

So I just need to add more cards to my deck. Right. But how do I do that? I'm not sure but I don't have that much money to spend for the time to find out. I need to find a solution if I can, and fast. I rack my brain and spend almost 500$ just to live for the next month or so. I can't keep this up, i'm lying to my girl about what i'm spending my money on, i'm stressed, sleeping less, tired all the time, I've made no progress in stopping this vicious cycle I find myself trapped in. I've tried making plans in advance, things I have to attend, that didn't work. I sold my gun to someone, that didn't work. I tried staying up all night, that didn't work I only ended up seeing it at 12:00 midnight anyway. Only thing now is to resign myself to the fate I set for myself when I pulled that trigger. 

That night, after spending the last 31$ I'm willing to spend to wake up the next morning, I just plan on spending some time with the people I love and making sure they all know how much I love them. Might as well go out on a good note than no note at all like the last time. 

I wake up about 8:30, kiss my wife and we get up and head to my mom's house. We spend some quality time together for the majority of the day. The 4 of us laughed, we cried, and most importantly, we had a great time. I didn't think about the impending doom. I just wanted to enjoy life while I had it. So we say our goodbyes, and head home. My wife and I watch a movie and before we know it, it's 10:00. She goes to sleep for work the following morning and I make my way to the bedroom after her, but I can't sleep. I lay there for about an hour and a half before I move back to the living room.

I started crying. "I don't want to die. I love my life. I love my Son, my wife, my mom, my dad, my friends. I love my life. I don't want to leave my son without his father, I don't want to hurt my mother, I don't want to leave my wife a widow. I DON'T WANT TO DIE!"

As the panic set in, the clock struck 12:00. I had no money left in my bank account and judgement was nigh. I closed my eyes and waited for death's permanent grasp. I opened my eyes but the scene I was faced with was not that of the slot, but a button, placed atop a pedestal. With tears streaming down my face, I made my way towards it. The button is... White? I would have guessed red. There was nothing extravagant about it, no text other than "PRESS HERE". After letting a few more tears fall, I whisper I love yous to my family, closed my eyes, and pressed the button. I felt my consciousness fade, and felt a horrible pain in my chest.

I awoke to the sight of a hospital with my wife, holding me in her arms as she cried with our son and my parents beside her. She asks me what I remember as I've been out could for a couple of days. I'm speechless so she tells me that I shot myself in the chest, I lost a lot of blood but the bullet missed everything important and i'm lucky to be alive. She was right. I am lucky to be alive, and I couldn't be happier.


***THE END***