Jane have been a heavy sleeper all her life, so it took some time before John was able to wake her up. He was excited and was talking nonsense to her sleepy brain, but when he put a flower like any other she have seen in her life next to her head on the pillow, the weird smell of the quickly fading beauty woke her up completely. "Wait, John, are you telling me there is a dimmensionbreak in OUR bathroom?" She wiped her eyes and yawned. This is not happening, she told herself. " I need to go pee now I am awake." She complained to him and quickly covered herself in her dressing gown as she went on her way. John took her hand. " Do you trust me, Jane?" He asked simple and without any colour in his voice. Jane stopped. "Of course I do trust you, it's just.. so unreal." was her answer. " It teleported me immediatelly as I went to the bathroom. Please, hold my hand and do not let go." Jane nust nodded as she gave him her hand and side by side they entered the bathroom door. 
Jane immediatelly felt immense pressure on their firm grip, and she felt as John squeezed her hand even more and so did she. It was like they were in a vacuum where they could breathe, but as soon as she tried to speak, only a fog left her mouth. It all ended as abruptly as it started, and they were both standing on the ground.
"Beautifull, isn't it?" He said in awe. " It really is." She replied, still looking around. " I feel like I am in a dream. It is just too beautifull to be true." 
" It really is. The best part is, nobody dies. Nothing rots or breaks. Everything stays just as it is. It is a perfect world, and I found a perfect spot in it for us." 
Jane was at lost of words. She just let him lead her to her dream house on the beach with plenty of weird and unknown animals, flowers and trees. 
"What do we eat? What do they eat?" She asked and pointed on the hord catching the redlight and resting on the porch.
"Are you hungry?" He asked, surprised. 
"No, it's just a.. habit probably." She finished her reply with a slight anxiety. He laughed. " That is the beauty of this place. We will never have to worry about getting food, about money, about the weather or whatever. Everything is perfect here and it stays perfect." He laughed again happily as he hugged her and whispered into her ear "I love you." 
It was a big world, and Jane was enjoying her adventurous side more and more as she grew older. Nothing changed on the outside. Her face was still as pretty as when they originally came here. She felt older, though, and the resentment to this world grew bigger and bigger. It may be the perfect world for John, but for her.. it was empty. Just empty. Nothing lived here, as long as nothing died here it could not have actually been alive in the first place. Nothing could be born, either. It felt like a museum of some sort. A world museum. And she was living in it for too many years now. John was happy here and that was the only reason why she agreed they would stay. But as the years were running along, she was growing more and more resentfull to this museum of a world, to the smells and weird beauty of this paused place and even to John.
One day, she climbed on top of the biggest mountain of this world, and as she stood there looking with geniune disgust all around she finally made her decission. She closed her eyes and made a long step into the thin air. 
The fall was way shorter than she expected. Nothing can die here. She told herself scoldingly, and resignedly opened her eyes with her heart aching.
And than she saw the tilling. 