...You hear sayings all the time like "there are a million other fish in the sea, you just have to find the right one for you", or "there's a special someone for everyone", etc. And you know, I'd like to believe it's true. Life on earth is far too short to believe things like true love don't exist. 

But what if the exact opposite were to be true as well? What if you found that there was in fact someone, that if you met, would not necessarily complete your life, but end it?

Now I know its a stretch, but please bear with me. I'm telling you that this phenomena is very real and very dangerous. Everyone on earth, including yours truly, runs this risk. At any moment of any day you could possibly run into the wrong person at the right time and all existance on earth goes out like a bad lightbulb. 
Terrifying to think about huh? But fret not, statistically, you're more likely to win the lottery and be struck by lightening on the way to cash in the ticket before ever coming remotely close to meeting "the one".

I found this out after coming across an incomplete research journal left by great grandfather. Long story short, after going on numerous adventures across the globe to uncover the truth behind his work,(which included stopping a cult from uniting two linked individuals) I discovered the existence of this rule. 

Back to present day, with all this explained, I may have gotten in a little over my head.

I found her. My matched individual, my own personal Armageddon. I knew what to look for the signs, the traits, and had the internet at my disposal to search. 
At first I was elated, and also seriously worried. She lived less than two hours away from me one county over. (recently moved, from overseas no less. I mean what are the odds?)
My first thought was to steer clear of her, possibly trade places and move overseas myself, but then it hit me: What if, instead of running blindly away, I did the exact opposite? Keeping an intentional line of contact open to ensure we never crossed paths? Was that not the better option for both of us? (Especially my wallet)

Thus began the most painstaking introduction I've had the displeasure of constructing. It involved outright stalking her and her friends for weeks, attending several yoga classes I didn't care for, conviently signing up for a book club I didn't know existed, and "just missing each other" at parties we were both invited to. All so I could befriend her friends and naturally get her information. (The lengths you go to to not look like a complete creep, am I right?)

And so we began talking. First over social media, then through text, even going so far as to speak to each other via webcam. 
Aside from my extreme roundabout method for introduction, I pleasantly found I didn't have to fake anything when talking to her. She was easy to get along with and she appreciated my sense of humor. If circumstances had been different, I daresay we would've been best friends...possibly more, given time.

But that isn't the case and I know it. I know we can't be together, literally and metaphorically. 

...So why did our conversations keep getting longer? Over the course of several months the witty banter and adorable smile were starting to break down my walls and I didnt know what to do.
Which is why I found myself stuck at an impasse, when she inevitably asked to meet in person and I didn't have an excuse to skirt around it.

"...it was such a letdown, Karen bailed out on our plans for girls night last minute and I had to request off weeks ago. Hey! I know you said you weren't working this Friday because of the holiday...I don't suppose you'd be interested in going to see a movie?"

She spoke those last words a little too evenly for it to be natural. And as I looked up at her from across a monitor, her gaze quickly flicked away from mine. 
I sighed deeply internally, and apparently externally as well as she quickly backpedaled. 

"Or not, I know you live pretty far away. I guess that was kinda weird of me huh? I just-"

I put my hand up to stop her. I pinched the bridge of my nose and braced myself for the conversation to come. With my boundless social grace, I had effectively cornered myself throughout the course of the conversation into not having an excuse not to go. And as much as a part of me leapt with joy at the invitation, responsibility won out in the end. 

I knew I had to choose my next words carefully to not destroy our friendship.

"Its not that. Its just, remember when I told you how I spent that winter in Cambodia a few years ago?"

"Yeah, you said you were looking into something in your great grandpa's journal...What about it?" 

Her tone was understandably cautious, and I fought down the urge to throw my laptop across the room and bury myself outside.

"Well, I didn't quite tell you the whole truth, you see..."

And suddenly, just like that, I found myself telling her everything. From the days spent wandering around temlples, to nights spent underground in secret tunnels. Even the crazy final battle I had with the cult at the base of a volcano. 

"...So it was true, at least the part of the linked individuals. I know it sounds crazy, but I felt it almost happen. There are some people in this world who can never meet or life as we know it could end."

I found myself out of breath as I finished my story. To her credit, she had stayed quiet and listened to the end. I was just grateful she didn't cut the connection midway and call the police.
The following silence stretched painfully for what seemed like hours. And when she did speak she started off slowly.

..."Either you need to get a conference with the leaders of the world ASAP, or you're absolute shit at letting a girl know she's rejected."

I opened my mouth to protest, but she cut me off.

"BUT, and I can't believe I'm saying this, BUT if you are telling the truth and moreover if said I believed you...can I assume this means that we can't ever meet in person?"

I shook my head sadly. 

"I see...now what?"

I merely shrugged in response, having been unsuccessful in finding an answer to that question myself. 
Another silence filled the room and this time I could almost see the inner battle going through her mind as her expression shifted to a grimace. 

"You know, what you've told me is a lot to digest. I think I need some time to process all of this."

My heart sank as I realized this was probably the last time I would ever speak to her again. 

"I know what I said sounds like a load of bull and I can't blame you if you never wanted to speak to me again. I just want you to know I would love nothing more than to see that movie with you. To meet you in person and to maybe be with you as more than friends, I really do. I'm sorry I haven't been honest with you, but I swear I'm telling the truth when I say that I do care about you, alot. Once I got to know you, I kept in contact over these last few months because I wanted to keep seeing you on the other line."

"I can't say I believe all of that right now, but thank you for telling me. Unfortunately I need to reevaluate our friendship, because from what you've told me, after all this time, it seems like it was started from a lie. But I guess before I go I just want to ask you one last question." 

I looked up and saw her eyes locked on mine. Though her tone had conveyed her hurt emotions, I could see her expression now was clearly determined. I straightened up and nodded. Answering her question was the least I could do.

"If you truly cared about me as you say you do. Would you risk the end of the world?" 

I flinched as this was the question I had least hoped to get. But, I promised to give an honest answer. After another deep sigh I gave her my reply.

"No. I don't think I would. Our potential happiness doesn't justify the end of the world. Too many innocent lives are at risk for me to selfishly indulge myself. If there was another way I'd try it in a heartbeat, but I haven't found one yet. I'm sorry"

My head lowered in apology and I waited to hear the sound of the call end. But after a few minutes had passed it never did.
Confused, I looked up and saw her grinning widely.

"What?"

"You big dope. When a girl asks you that you're supposed to say yes and tell her you'd risk it all for her!" 

"But I..."

She laughed softly and she flashed that stunning smile that caused my heart to flutter.

"I know, I understand where you're coming from and you know what? I can honestly say I love that about you."

My mouth hung open as I tried to process what was happening. 

"Huwha? Love?"

"Yes, 'love'. That brutally honest side of you is inexplicably charming. For all your faults at least I know you'll always tell me the truth."

"...love?" (Man am I Casanova or what?)

"You know, you said the L-word first, I don't know why you're sitting there tongue tied."

I racked my brain trying to recall exactly what I had said. But before I could, she interrupted my thought by waving her hand in front of her cam.

"Heeeyyyy! Stop daydreaming and listen!"

I turned at looked at her with full attention.

"Don't get me wrong, I'm still pissed you lied to me Romeo...but, I think I'm willing to forgive you as I too would have no idea how to approach someone if I was in your shoes."

I simply nodded in response, not sure what else to do.

"So, for the foreseeable future I probably won't talk to you."

My heart sank again.

"However! Afterwards, if you're still willing to search for a way...I hope you wouldn't mind some help."

My head snapped up and I looked at her in the monitor. She had her hand pressed tentitively against the screen and was blushing from ear to ear. 
At that moment I wished for nothing else in life than to be able to jump through my monitor to embrace her in my arms. Instead I raised my hand and pressed it against my monitor so it aligned with hers.

"Together?"

"Together."