"I thought we could start with your basic day to day."

The reporter is that edgy kind of excited, obviously over the moon to have been chosen to conduct the exclusive interview, but well aware that deviating from the approved script will not be tolerated. 

"It's really not that exciting," I feel the need to warn because the poor guy looks like he might snap the pen he's holding. The while thing is being recorded, of course, but it not like he'll be getting a copy so he's going to need that pen.

"How can you say that, when you work...well." he gestures grandly. 

I take a minute to look around the little room to see if Glenda had maybe set something up as a joke, but it's still the little, windowless conference room, with the 20 year old coffee maker burning the coffee in the corner.

Besides, Glenda' s been fighting cold, everytime she sneezes she sets something fire.

"Well," I start, because the sooner I start the sooner I finish. "I start the day like most I suppose, I grab coffee from the break room, if Jess managed to remember to set the timer from the night shift. And then I go on my first rounds."

I didn't think the guy could get more wound up, but apparently I was wrong. 

"What can you tell me about your first..." he trails off a bit, and I can see the frantic wheels turning behind his eyes.

I only let him flail for a second before I take pity on him, "We call my first patient Eddy."

He flashes a quick grateful smile before continuing with, "And what can you tell me about your interactions with Eddy?"

Trying to remember all the things that I couldn't say I throw out, "He's an ass if you forget his paper." 

"His paper?"

"The local mostly, though he's not picky really."

"The..." the reporter looks down at his scribbled notes and pre interview information before continuing, "The eldrich god reads the newspaper?" 

I raise my hand and rock it back and forth. "He doesn't read it in the conventional way. It's not the ink he's reading but the paper itself. He says it's the souls of the trees, but I think he's just screwing with me." 

"Right, of course." 

I don't sigh because that would be unprofessional, but if he's getting his mind blown by Eddy, we're going to have a rough time when we get to Charolette. 



