He stood atop a building, cape resplendently glowing with the light emissions of the delta radiation my weapon fired upon him. That he was blatantly ignoring the agonising pain he should be in.

He snarled, and a visceral growl came from the one who called himself Imperial. Animalistic. Feral. He had a temper, and only I could bring it out from this alien.

Only I could make this monster fall down to a human level.

He leapt at me, flight failing him, but my boots worked, and I soared out of his path.

"En garde!" I shout to the hero, raising my laser rapier in challenge. My own cape was a bit tattered, but thankfully he hadn't used the damn thing to pin me down.

Capes are stupid but necessary. They are basically the uniform for those in our job who rely on the press.

He shoots blasts of energy, invisible, but my goggles sense it. I take cover from the energy buildup. You cannot dodge light, merely get out of its way.


**PAAAPEW!**

The building I stood behind crumbled. I tapped a button on my vest.

"Don't you care, Imperial? That building you just destroyed, people worked there. You just destroyed maybe... What, a hundred livelihoods?"

"Worrrth it..." he rumbled, "If I bag you."

His flight worked, and in a pulse of light he was at my inert body.

The hard light hologram vanished as he squeezed its skull like Ahnold would a watermelon.

I laughed from the other side of the street.

"Try again?"

He lunged, and the second hologram laughed as his empowered fist pushed through the stomach and ripped out an illusorary heart.

"I could make an Indiana Jon-"

He shot a blast of energy at me again. Another hologram vanished.

"SHOW YOURSELF!" he howled.

"Why?" I cried back.

"BECAUSE... argh!"

He fell to the ground.

"Every bloody fight, you do this. The moment I start to win, you vanish then piss me off with your projections. Until I beat you, I can't join the Liberty League."

"Takes more than strength to be in LL, Imperial. I know what they want you to do, and you can't do it. Not yet."

I chucked the rapier down.

"Come at me, fuckwit. Show me how good you really 
He hesitated

"I thought as much."

The hologram vanished.

"For fucks sake."