"Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaa..." I screamed in the weakest voice ever known to the observable universe for around 2 minutes.

The Constitutional Socialist State of the Republic of Greater Betterthistimewereallymeanit.thathousenotherebuthereyeahthatoneyourerightonit had officially became independent, which, by the way, became a Constitutional Socialist State of the Republic after a brief civil war between the left and right hemisphere of my brain.

"My constitution didn't even say what I should be called."

"King." I uttered for myself, between laughing and hitting my head around 13 times with a brick to make sure this wasn't a dream.

I had now figured out that this would probably mean i'd lose all water, electricity and etc in the following days.

I rotated at the speed of a rotating swivel chair on my swivel chair all the way to my computer, turned Google Docs on and started writing the demand of vassalization by France when someone knocked on my door.

*How dare they enter my sovereign territory...* I thought, instantly realizing it was probably my family or something.

*Knock Knock* 

I cautiously opened the door.

"Hello, uh... Sir." said the silhouette behind the said door.

"Great" I muttered before clearing my throat and saying in a imposing - or at least I thought - voice "Hellaaaaaaaaaaaa..."

The silhouette looked a bit like the mayor of the city I *lived* in.

"Sir, we'd like to discuss some terms of... uuh, well, vassalization. I've been sent as a diplomat." he said. Coincidence, that I was literally writing about that. "I imagine you wouldn't like living without food, access to the outside world, water, electricity and more..." he added.

"Yes, mister, sir, mayor, mister, *I said that twice*, sir." I hastily put
together, before adding "Yes to the terms. We the pe-... I mean, I the people of thing nation topia would like to become a vassal of you, uh France."

And thus I reigned for 12 years over the nation of thathouseblabla as King? President? I don't know. I was then annexed, to my relief (?), to France.