"Alright so, You didnt pass your diplomacy roll to persuade Harold for peace. " 

"So What happens now?" The players said looking at the map of the river with anticipation, their small camp with most of their reinforcements and hirelings across on the shore with the boats. 
"Roll spot and listen respectively" the gm says 
the players mumble and a few of them get decent enough ,the GM shrugs 
"Alright, combined 24 and 26 are the highest here? That's pretty good, you can hear their war drums a ways off before you see the banners, thousands of saxons marching toward your camp, most of them on horseback.

"Shit, uh...Alright ,Form I give the order to form a shield wall, what's our flanking bonus to AC? "

The DM shrugs "I'll give you full benefits of cover plus tower shield for each one next to them, for a couple turns but you're going to need will saves to not break. " 

"Harold is bringing thousands of saxon spears your way, horsemen, shields, bows, They begin to increase in tempo as they start charging toward the River. " 

"Fuck, ok uh. Guys we need to retreat across the river, I'll hold them off" 

"You sure about that? Alone?" 

"I'm a barbarian with stupid amounts of HP I can take it." 

"Alright....I mean there's six thousand of them at least" 

"I'll give him Harald's armor. That way he'll be able to hold it while we get ready to go get the rest of the hirelings" 

So, Harald the Barbarian gives the Barbarian/Fighter his armor and holds the bridge. The other Barbarian's player grits his teeth and drops all of his rage, drinks every buffing potion he has and gets pumped up, putting himself in full cover 

"I get attacks of oppurtunity on everyone who tries to cross right?" 

"yeah ,go ahead roll it." 

And what follows is a slaughter, The barbarian player one shots mob after mob killing dozens as they rush in while the rest of the party prepares. 

"Roll me a spot check real quick for me?" 

"Uh why I can see all of them. "

"You don't know that. Roll it"

"..2...shit" 

"Ok you dont see it." 

The DM hides his pokerface and sighs as another round of slaughter goes by while the barbarian doesnt move determined to kill every saxon that comes. he rolls a die behind the screen. "What's your remaining hp?"

"Why?" the player asks with great apprehension his eyes widen as he realizes the he's put a tiny rogue miniature on the map next to the bridge. The DM gives a quiet smirk and strokes his beard. 

"Sneak attack, rolling on the crit table, oh...oh no right in the dick. I'm so sorry. You fall to your knees, a spear shoved up through your intestines ,you're not quite dead yet it doesnt look like but you're close. " 

"I hold my ground, pop my last rage and kill as many as I can." 

"You sure?" 

"Positive, im done for, Lets do this shit." 

"Dont fuck this up, guys. " he says as he rolls the last few dice and rips up his character sheet with a laugh. 

Harald's player. Laughs "Dont worry we got this, I pop my battle rage and wade in, I'll mop up the rest of these fuckers. "

"On your turn you might' The Dm rolls something "....Fuck me...." he says and lifts his screen showing a 19. " 

"Ha, I can tank that, my AC is way too" He is cut off "You gave the other barb your armor remember? You're naked. And that's a Ranger that crits on 19. And you're his favored enemy."


"Oh...oh fuck...." "Are you fucking kidding me?" "You didnt even have a back up?" 

The DM laughs to himself as the whole party berates The King's player. "You should've run when you had the chance man... I warned you this would end badly. And...so dies Harald Hardrada, King of Norway. And..." 

He winces, "Sorry guys, But it's not looking good, that's a lot of bows on the other side of that river. There's no way you're...well maybe" He says as he's just rolling handfuls of dice. "Yeah, I think that's a wipe, sorry guys. Odds really werent in your favor here." 
The DM sighs and shrugs smiling weakly 

"Yeah, Well... I guess we should call it here and start you all off next week with your new characters?"

Hardrada's player laughed and popped a piece of popcorn in his mouth  chewing. 
"My sheet's already done for next session anyway, my next character is gonna be a real *Bastard* ."