Death....


Pain.....

It was rough dealing with the Order of the Black Rose, and it became much more rough as the Black Rose decided to wage a war at the kingdom of Zephyr. The sky was covered in blood, lusting men to kill who ever tried to breathe on the area.

The Black Rose knew this would happen. They knew the goddess of the blood moon would try to exterminate for the sake of cleansing the kingdom if it was in disharmony.

Everyone was brutally mutilated. Children running hiding from fear, Mothers who tried their best to distract their infants from the cruel reality away. And I a soldier who was tasked by the king, was given an important mission. 

To flee with his daughter in an attempt to preserve the power of the Lotus. I ran and looked back and saw the lack of empathy the place had. The city burning under the influence of the blood moon. For a moment, it looked like the painting of the ending of the Iliad. It resembled the destruction of troy.

I held the cleansing necklace as it glowed a mystical blue color as I felt the blood moon taking over us. How the necklace worked was out of my idea, though rumors of the necklace being a gift of the blood moon deity roamed around and reached my ears.

It was hard trying to escape through the secret pillars of the kingdom. The fear of possibility that the people might find out about this place was stuck on my mind. 

And after hours of wandering, we finally left the kingdom. Lunar blood shone around the kingdom as I looked at the place far away. 

The cool air surrounded us and filled us with peace, I can feel the princess nudging and moving around my back. I continued my walk on the forest.

The forest was dark, it popped thoughts about what can lurk inside the forest. .....Bandits....... If I were to enter and journey through the forest, I must find the cave of the fire god. The dragon of the Mountain of Zephyr.

I walked for hours, journeyed through the forest. Eating only fruits and stopping time to time at the river to drink. When we were close at the lair of the fire winged god a footstep was made.


Oh no.....


Arrows suddenly rained from our sides. I placed the sleeping princess who was still under the spell of the lotus inside the cave near the entrance. I went outside and drew my sword, ready to fight.

“Who’s there?” I said making sure I had conviction with every word I spoke.

More arrows rained and I was suddenly ensnared. I was now on the ground. Two men went to me.

“Well look what we have here, this necklace? — he grabbed the blue necklace — You’re from that Zephyr kingdom right? What are you doing here?”

“Don’t you want to join the party there? I heard you could get free women there!” The other one spoke.

And after that laugh, I was immediately stabbed at the back and at my hips. I screamed in immense pain as the ground was flowing with blood. 

“Sad this one didn’t bring anything. Well that’s okay! If you’re here who knows how many will follow what you did. We’ll probably wait at the entrance of the forest”

“What are we gonna do to him?”

“Well nothing more better than to leave him here”

As my essence was fading and as my heart became weaker, air rushed outside the cave. Orange light flew and shot at the two bandits, now flying away from the massive fireball.

“What is thy peasant doing here?” The fire winged god said as his head went outside the cave.


“I have come here to make a request.” I said as I was lying on the ground


“Hah! You cane here to offer me gold? Incense to receive my blessings? Well look no further because I will not abide. You may bow leave and this unconscious girl away from me.”


“Please.... she’s the princess of zephyr... I ask that you protect her”


“And why should I do that lowly human?”


His godly expression changed when I said this words. “Because she holds the Lotus”

“Very well... I may help you”



“Please... I am dying” and with those last words, I drifted away from this world and journeyed through the afterlife.


 