"Zero casualties, sir." 

"Impossible!" 

"All warheads detonated, sir. Our hacked satellite confirmed it: major cities of the world have been hit, but all the people seen to be struggling out of the wreckage. See?" 

The curved wall of monitors showed various smoking craters in various sites around the globe, though dusty, dirty figures could be seem struggling out. The situation room was nearly empty, this coup being successful only because of its small size. 

"None?"

Thermal was engaged from a drone they had over LA. No cooling lumps of red turning blue but orange and yellow blobs bobbing around like motes in the sun. 

"How the hell!"

.......

"Dude, those wings!" Said the one called James, as he marveled as the huge, dusty white feather. There were thousands of them, larger than any bird J had ever seen so that meant they were manufactured. But their owner ignored him as it stared intently at the cards in its hand. 

A game! 

A new game! And so many other new games! For centuries, no, for millennia it had been chess, some variant of Tarot games or, Goddamn it riddles. But this game, this Magic The Gathering, was really quite splendid.

As per The Old Ways one who met Death without fear was allowed to parlay and by sheer luck the first person who actually did asked if they wanted to sit down for a quick round of MTG. Being Death nobody needed to teach him the rules of anything, though that didn't mean he automatically mastered their tactics. 

The people who won the various games Death tried that day would go on to live forever. After a few games He won a hand and the loser went off to die quietly in their hotel room. While a lot of the convention was disrupted by the air raid sirens, earth shaking explosions and evacuation, there were enough diehards who hung around and play games.


....

"Spanish Flu Strain 2 has become benign. What was thought to be mankind's most virulent malady, estimated to have a near 100% mortality rate has actually proven be little worse than a bad cold."

.....

"Catan!" Bellowed Death in a voice like razors across icicles.

"Sorry, man, I need my Brick." 