The Creator looked upon His creation, and saw that it was good. Beautiful. Peaceful. There was no conflict, no hardships - it was perfect, a well-oiled machine that would run without issue for millennia, if not forever.

He smiled. A bitter smile. An expression that was below His station, for the emotion it represented. He knew better, but just as humans were like Him, He was like them - it was satisfying to finally have one understand His suffering.

Without shifting His gaze, He addressed the hollow shell of a man curled up behind Him. "What did you do?" He asked. The man did not seem have to heard - he remained still, his gaze unfocused, with the occasional spasm running through his body. God turned his head and looked at him. He repeated the question, more forcefully this time. The man jerks to attention, and looks at his Father with the most broken look any human had worn in recent memory, a look that sends a stab of guilt into His chest - He is, after all a father.

"You *know* what I did," the man chokes out. "You bloody well know."

God stares for a moment, then turns back to the view. "Yes," He said. "I do." He tilted His head back and sighed, a tired sigh, pushed out by the weight of the world. "How any times you cursed my name. Called me out for what I was doing to your world. Blamed me for the evil, the suffering, the *hate.*"

Suddenly He was on one knee in front of the man, His divine face inches from his. The man jerked back, but could not bring himself to look away from His eyes. There were no chains, no restraints, but he was trapped as sure as Lucifer in his cage.

"Do you understand now?" whispered the Almighty, with what sounded almost like helplessness in His voice. "Do you understand why I do nothing? Why I allow evil to exist? Hate, misery, conflict, all of it - *do you understand?*"

The man was breathing like he'd just run a marathon. Despair was etched in every corner of his face, of his body, of his *being.* Understanding will do that to a person.

He wanted to deny it. He wanted to say no, to yell defiance in His face, to declare his refusal to accept such a disgusting truth. But he did not. He could not. Understanding. The greatest cure, the deadliest poison. Ignorance was no longer acceptable, nor possible - no matter how desirable.

"Yes," he whispered, and bowed his head in defeat. A moment passed. He knew it wasn't enough. He had to say it out loud, acknowledge it. He stood up slowly, took a few steps towards the edge, and looked upon his work. His "utopia".

He forced the bile back down his throat, and speaks his admittance of defeat.

"Without hate... there can be no love. No good without evil. No joy without misery. No light..." He reached his hand out to the world he created, and takes it in the palm of his hand, ready to close his fist around it. Time to start anew.

"... Without darkness."

***A/N:*** *Welp, that went better in my head. Oh well.*

EDIT: Grammar, typos