"Stephen, c'mon." I knocked on the door yet again. "There's nothing wrong with you. Come out and I'll take you for some ice cream."

Stephen continued to be silent. He had locked himself in the bedroom a few hours ago. One of the volunteer caretakers called me on my cell phone to inform me. They had tried everything to convince Stephen to come out. Toys, candy, trips to the park. He didn't reply to any of them. We even brought a ladder to the window of the second-floor bedroom to make sure he hadn't done anything...drastic. Thankfully, he was just sitting on his bed, staring at the wall. The window was locked as well.

Stephen had never really fit in with the other kids. I don't believe they intentionally shunned him, but every community has their "clicks". The were-kids stuck with the were-kids, the vamps stuck with the vamps, and so on. Stephen just didn't really fit in with any of them. And he knew it. We knew it.

*"That must truly be hell",* I thought. *"Surrounded by people who want to help, but don't know how. In the middle of a crowd, yet alone. Maybe nobody knows what to say to a person like that. Or maybe Stephen doesn't know how to ask for help."*

"Stephen", I said for the hundredth time. "Buddy, talk to me. Tell me what's going through your mind right now. I'm here and I don't want to leave you."

Silence was his response.

"Look, Stephen", I began. I needed to level with him. So, I decided to do what I've never done before. To get Stephen to open up, I had to open up myself.

"When I was a kid, I didn't fit in either. My brothers were popular. Well-liked. They got the girls, they played sports. They were loved and accepted by everyone. And then there was me. I went to the parties, sure. I had friends. I knew there were people that loved me. But..."

I paused, taking a deep breath.

"I just felt like I was alone." More silence, but I could tell Stephen was listening. "No matter how big the group I was in got, no matter how much they laughed at my jokes, I still felt like an outsider. Like a guest or even an intruder. I felt like I would never be accepted. Sometimes, I still feel that way.

"But Stephen", I continued. "That's ok. It's ok to feel that way. Do you wanna know why?"

I waited. And waited. For what seemed like an eternity, I waited on Stephen's response. I almost gave up. I almost walked away. But then the softest voice whispered to me through the door:

"Why?"

"Because, Stephen", I pressed on. "Because you don't need that. You don't need to change yourself to fit in. You don't need to change a single thing about you. You are special. You have a kindness in you that nobody else has. And just know that, no matter what, there is at least one person in this world that will always love and accept you for who you are."

I waited. I waited there at the door for Stephen. And this time, no matter how many hours or days it took, I wasn't going to leave him.

Finally, I heard the lock click. The door creaked open, enough for me to see Stephen's hazel eyes. I placed my hand lightly on the door, guiding it open gently. He did not resist.

With the door open fully, I could see Stephen, head-to-toe. No fangs. No wolf-hair. No mystical powers. Just Stephen. The only human boy in our orphanage.

"Me", I said.

Stephen's eyes filled with tears. He stretched out his arms and ran at me, throwing himself at me hard enough to make me stagger backward. His arms locked around me. And I locked my arms around him. We cried for a time.

"Now", I said, bending one knee to look him in the eye. "I believe something was said about ice cream?"

He smiled, wiping tears from his eyes.

"Ok", he said. "But can we bring the others? The caretakers too?"

I laughed, calculating the contents of my wallet in my head.

"Sure", I gave in. "Why don't you be the one to tell them?"

"Ok!", he laughed, running down the hall, screaming "Ice cream! Ice cream!" at the top of his lungs.