April 4, 2022
Rio de Janeiro, Brazil

General Hugo Martinez stared at the incoming alien mothership as it landed atop Cristo Redentor, crushing the statue into dust... along with the mountain it had rested on. The mothership shuddered like a living being - which it was - and openings appeared along its chitinous hull, discharging millions of swarmers, heading down towards the city.

They were doomed. Martinez knew it. He wouldn't even be able to evacuate his own command. Rio would fall. Then Sao Paulo. Then Montevideo and Buenos Aires. And with them, all the millions hoping to board the evacuation ships headed for Antarctica.

"Fuck it," the general said. "Summon Cthulhu."

-----

Miskatonic University, Arkham, MA

Captain Simon Armitage stared at the texts piled before him. He'd had to pull his gun on the librarian to get access to them. He hadn't liked that. She'd just been an old lady doing her job. Even as she'd brought over the heavy tomes, she'd looked at him like he was a monster.

No... not a monster.

A traitor.

He supposed he could understand. For a century now, the scholars at Miskatonic University had worked to avert the very thing he was now attempting. His own great-grandfather, the great Professor Henry Armitage, had risked life and sanity to stop the Great Old Ones and the Elder Gods from rising. He himself had helped take down a cult on Nantucket, back when he'd been a student here in Naval ROTC. He remembered gunning down cultists with an M-16. They'd been trying to summon Cthulhu too.

Of course, the circumstances were different. Armitage was being ordered to summon Cthulhu not to destroy humanity, but to save what was left of it. The global death toll from the alien invasion had been estimated at 6 billion. Every weapon in humanity's arsenal had been expended, to no avail. All were falling to endless waves of chitin and tooth.

Three months ago, Armitage had cajoled the Miskatonic professors into handing over the rituals needed to open a portal to the Plateau of Leng. Now the last remnants of humanity were streaming towards the twin portals, one in Tibet, the other in Antarctica. Already millions had made it through. Reports from Leng spoke of battles against the horrific beings who called that place home, but at least those battles had been victories. A shoggoth is never something to be taken lightly, but it's easier to handle when you have an armored battalion to work with.

But now those evacuees were in danger. The aliens were closing on the South American ports. A hundred million people were about to be eaten by a hive mind as horrific as any in the tomes of Miskatonic University. And that was it, really? Humanity was already facing an eldritch horror. Summoning Cthulhu would distract them, buy some time. And they might just ensure that the aliens couldn't hold the Earth and potentially follow the humans to Leng.

Armitage stared at the ritual in his hands, then jerked upright. This wouldn't be enough.

He headed off to find the poor librarian.

------

The ritual was the usual sort - a lot of chanting, a blood sacrifice. The sacrifices were the members of a pedophile ring that had been at work in the Indian refugee camps, preying on the displaced children. No one was really bothered.

Beneath the South Atlantic, Great Cthulhu, the Madness from the Sea, awoke. Breaking his chains, he spread his wings, and took to the skies. He sensed a presence here, a power, and he would not brook any challengers.

But he was not alone.

In northern Greenland, in a place once called Hyperborea, the mother of all blizzards accompanied the reawakening of Ithaqua, the Wind-Walker. In the jungles of the upper Amazon, the snake-god Yig arose. And in the shadow of the Great Pyramid, Nephren-Ka, the Black Pharaoh, gazed upon his new domain.

The aliens that sought to consume the Earth quickly identified these as the real threats. They diverted forces from hunting the humans to battle them. And as they fought, humanity fled into the frozen wastelands of Leng. The final nuclear warhead was saved for Arkham, vaporizing the last records of the rituals used. The Earth was lost, but humanity would survive.