The crisp wind blew, with speed, against my tired face, the only thing keeping me awake during this long road trip. With the time approaching midnight I knew I would not be able to stay awake longer, but I tried to drown out those thoughts by turning up the radio, and turning on my brights; being careful not to wake my wife. This seemed to clear up my drowsy, bewitched state. Almost as soon as I did this, I saw a small, reddish brown speck running hastily across the road. Having a love for animals since I was a young child, I hung a sharp turn to the left as to not kill the creature. I then slammed the brakes, so I would not run myself off the road, all while turning around to look for the little auburn, ball of fur and let out a sigh of relief after seeing it finish it's trek across the patch of tarmac. 

Now as happy as I was for saving my new furry friend, my now awoken wife was quite the contrary.

"What the fuck are you doing?" My wife wearily groaned.

"I didn't want to hit a squirrel." I retorted cheerily.

"Do you know how tired this trip to see your parents has made me? I barely got any sleep, and now the only time I did get a good rest, you woke me the fuck up!" 

The arguing continued on like this for the rest of the 2 hour long car ride, it eventually trailed away from the subject of waking her up, to old past arguments that were long since forgotten. We eventually made it inside, too drowsy to continue fighting, we left the unpacking for tomorrow.

That night I slept on the couch, it was more of an unspoken mutual decision than it was a punishment. When I woke up, I noticed it was very late into the day. I walked into the kitchen, starting to fix my self some cereal, but then I noticed something on the counter, a note. I assumed it was from my wife, as she was the only other person who lived with me.

The note read 
"Dear Jeffery,
Due to last nights events, I am ending our relationship, and have gone to live with your friend Jack. I can't stand how much we argue, and I feel it's ruining both of our lives. I have all my things, so there's no need to worry about getting that to me. I plan to file for divorce as soon as I can.
Your Ex Wife,
Erin"

A dark ominous feeling clouded all my emotions. My wife, or should I say Ex Wife, has now left me to live with my only friend. I didn't know how to cope with it, all I could feel was sorrow. I went back to the bed I had made on my couch, not bothering to grab my cereal, and laid down. I stared at the whirring ceiling fan above me, for what seemed like an eternity. As hard as I tried, I couldn't think of gleeful thoughts. With my mind in a depressing state, I never noticed the new presence that entered the room, until I heard a small creature, climbing up my couch. It was a small, furry creature, with auburn fur. I rolled up into a little ball, on my chest. For once, I felt something I thought I would never feel again, happiness.