"So let me get this straight: All of my memories, skills, and knowledge is kept, and I'm sent back to my birth? What's the catch, there's gotta be one" I gawked.

"Alright, fine" said Saint Peter. "Your skills won't be handed to you on a silver platter. It's just easier for you to get them back, with practice. You'll also be born at the moment of your death. Everyone you knew and loved will be dead. You don't get to choose your country of birth, either. Just to make it easier on you though, if you're born in Beijing, mandarin will come to you as easy as playing football will."

I thought on that for a moment. Steve and Joel had passed away within 2 years of my death. My parents had been dead for 20 odd years, too. I decided to ask one more question before signing. "Will I be promised a good life?"

"No. Other than your skills and memories, nothing will be guaranteed. Ethnicity, circumstances of birth, not even your gender. You could be female for all I know! You died on January 28th, 2019 at 5:43:18 PM, and that's when you'll be born if you sign.

"I cannot say anything else and do not know anything else. Not even the big guy upstairs does. Contrary to popular belief, God isn't omniscient. He knows everything in the past and the present, but not even he can account for free will or random chance. Educated guesses, sure, but in the future, nothing is certain." I pondered that for a moment.

"Screw it, I wanna do new things. For far too long have I been unable to understand the stuff that kids say or do. Might as well take a refresher in schoolwork, too. See what's changed." I grabbed the pen, took one last read through the contract checking for any other details that I may have missed and moved the pen to sign. I stopped. "Won't it be weird that an infant can speak fluent English?" I asked.

"Like I said, you have to practice at skills. It will just be easier for you to pick them back up. And just to clarify, language is a skill you must pick up. Certain skills are also locked to certain ages. Language is on average locked to 18 months. You can't walk well until about 14 months and running takes roughly 20." He gazed into my eyes. "There is nothing I can do to guarantee your safety, or physical and emotional wellbeing. When you die, you will be judged in the exact same way based on your actions in your new life. Not your old one. We will know."

The moment he finished, I signed my name. I was certain I wanted a new life. I could do absolutely anything. For 94 years, 8 months, 2 weeks, 5 days, 18 hours, 21 minutes, 16 seconds and pi milliseconds exactly I had wasted potential I could never get back. I could be whatever I wanted. Lawyer, doctor, archeologist, engineer or even politician. I snickered at the thought. Many believed that heaven was only for Christians. Here was me, an atheist, still managing to get in, and another chance for life, at that. As my vision snapped to the sight of my new parents - yes, that's what they were - I heard the accent I'd lived my entire previous life with and knew for certain that things were going to be OK.

&#x200B;

Saint Peter had promised that I wouldn't be able to say my first words until about 18 months old, and he was right. 17 months and 10 days later, I spoke my first words: "The" I said. Using the only determiner in the English language was epic, I must say. Within three months I was having rudimentary conversations with my parents and despite my gender flip, I felt no strong gender identity crisis. I was walking by my first birthday, admittedly clumsily but at 14 months I was able to walk from the lounge to my crib. By my second birthday I was running everywhere and formulating sentences. My parents both knew I was gifted, and started teaching me basic counting. I smirked. In my previous life I'd taken calculus in university, so basic counting was exceedingly easy to pick back up. 

I'd decided to completely immerse myself in my new role, going full girl and it was strange. A world of princesses, pink and dolls was something that would have been completely outlandish to me back in 1926, and I could still scarcely believe that such a thing had occured to me. By the time I was 4 or, well, 98 I had a large circle of friends. Many of them thought I was slightly weird with my massive vocabulary and weird scrawls of random numbers in some colouring books. Only my dad recognised them as the fibonacci sequence and e.

&#x200B;

My "first" day of school was terrifying, and it must have shown. Mum told me that everything would be fine, yet for the first time in about 90 years, I felt shy. Not nervous, as I had been when the Second World War had broken out and I feared conscription. Honest to goodness shy. My first day was a breeze. So was my second, my third, and my fourth. Soon a week had passed. Then a month. Then a term. New kids trickled in throughout the year, and birthdays came and went. I eventually started to teach myself French and Russian. When I passed my 100th birthday, I woke up in a cold sweat. Somehow I just knew it was 11:22:02.

&#x200B;

By the time I reached high school I was top of my class, fluent in 7 languages and a certified genius. At the same time, I was learning computer science, something my old mind never thought possible. It was at that moment I decided on my path for this life: I would become a mathematician. Not just your average uni graduate, but I would get my doctorate and everything, the whole schebang. I knuckled down into my studies, keeping a healthy social life too as not to alienate people, a habit of mine before my renewed lease on life, but then it happened. On my second 20th birthday, my father pulled me aside. "Rachel, do you believe in God" he asked.

"Dad, you know I'm not religious. I know neither you nor mum are religious" I replied. This was true, I didn't follow any religion, despite my experiences with the afterlife.

"That's not the question I asked you. Tell me, what was your name before you were Rachel?" I was stunned. I had to ask the obvious question but I didn't know how. If he'd already died and also taken the lease on life, things changed dramatically. I decided to go with the truth.

"James Elliot Greenhithe. What was yours and how old were you when it...happened?" I deadpanned. "I was 94 years and 8 months."

"Juan Nepomuceno María. Car crash took me at 35 years old in Madrid." It was stunning. The man I'd knowm my whole life was also a reincarnation. A Spaniard for a father with a perfect Kiwi accent. I thought back on both of my lives, on everything I'd done up until this moment, including signing that trial for a new life - trial. That was the word Saint Peter used. It was made specifically clear in the contract that it was the system being trialled, very much unlike a trial for a premium account on YouTube or Spotify. He claimed it had only been around for the last 2 years, and bugs were still being worked out.

My father was 27 years older than me.