"You know you cannot stop me. If you kill me I will simply respawn and we'll be back here again." The young girl sneered at me, red locks blocking sight of her eyes, but I'd seen them enough to know they were glowing red. The knife in her hand was covered not in blood, but dust. The dust of hundreds, if not thousands, of monsterkind. Many of them were my friends, many more were aqaintences, but none of them deserved what came to them.

"Yeah, but you're gonna have to get past me to continue forward. So let me ask..." My sockets darkened, the light leaving them as my voice turned deadly serious. "Do you wanna have a bad time? Because if you take another step forward, you are *really* not gonna like what happens next."

As I expected, the demon in the form of a child took a cheeky step forward in challenge. I sighed, thinking of an old friend, likely dead, and a promise, soon to be broken. Again and again and again. It was a shame I never learned that woman's name. "Sorry, old lady. This is why I don't make promises."

I took my hands out of my pockets and clenched my fists, stretching my non-existent muscles. The psudo-human took a ready stance and eyed me apprehensivly. I stalled for a moment, and thought I'd go for a little old fashion monologuing. "It's a beautiful day." I said looking out the chapel windows as light flooded in, illuminating the towering pillars. "Birds are singing, the sun is shining. On days like these, kids like you..." I looked straight into the humans eyes. "Should be burning in hell."

In the end, the human didn't make it past my first attack. I picked them up and threw them at the floor with my gravity manipulation as bones rose from the floor, impaling them on sharp spikes of bone. Crimson spurted out and coated the ivory weapons, their-

I found myself with my hands in my pockets once again, the human at the end of the Judgement Hall, breathing hard but altogether unharmed. Evidence of my opening attack gone like it didn't happen in the first place. Probably because it hadn't. I took a small amount of amusement in the frustrated look on their face, but a distant memory of a brown haired little squirt erased that quickly. Gone was the happy kid that complimented frogs and made friends with enemies. In their place was this thing, dead set on absolute genocide.

"You look frustrated, kid. Guess I must be good at my job, eh?"

The thing that looked like a human actually growled at me and made the first attack this time. They didn't get far, since I simply stepped out of the way. I chucked at the confused look on their face as I shrugged and said, "You think I'm just gonna sit there and take it?"

Our battle, if you could call it that, kicked off after that. She'd dodge one or two of my attacks, only to get caught in one of my blasters from behind while busy with some spikes of bone. Always, we'd end up here.

A blast of white energy obliterated the human with extreme prejudice.

The human was thrown to the ceiling and impaled by a dozen spikes at once.

Rows of white death rocketed towards the human and shredded them to pieces like a wood chipper.

The human managed to dodge the ceiling spikes only to find themselves perforated by wall spikes.

Over and over I killed the thing that took Frisks place and every time they exausted me more and more. My only hope was forcing them to give up. Making them realize I was an enemy they could not kill.

Easier said than done.

It was only a matter of time I suppose. They had memorized all of my attacks and how to avoid them. They could react accordingly and, while they were a bit scratched up, they were still very much alive.

"Why do you try, Sans?" I heard a whisper.

Oh, finally, it had been a while since she spoke. I raised an eyebrow, er, eyeridge.

"Why do you keep trying? You know you can't win? I'm gonna keep coming back. Eventually I'll land a hit."

I grinned like she just told a good joke. "See that's where you're wrong, kiddo. I win when you give up. When you get tired of dying over and over again. I can't imagine it's very pleasant. How's it feel being impaled by serrated bone? Honest question, by the way, I've never had it done to me. Soon you'll realize that I'm not going to quit, I'm not gonna let you pass. Soon you'll realize that my *determination* is equal to yours. So what's it gonna be kid? We gonna keep fighting? Becuase I have a distant memory of us being friends. Its a bit fuzzy, but I remember us sharing some burgers, telling bad puns and hanging out at my house with papyrus. So how about you put that knife down and we settle this like you used to? As friends."

If I was going to place money on it, I would have put all my cash on another attack from them, but amazingly, they dropped the knife to the floor with an echoing clatter.

"Finally. I know how hard that must be for you, after all the work you did to get here. I want to let you know that you're making the right choice. C'mere pal."

Eyes no longer red, the human approached me, arms spread for a hug. I almost felt bad for what I was about to do. Enveloping the human in a bear hug, I squeezed tight as spears of bone emerged from all around us. Some stabbed through me, but I made sure they went through non-vital areas. It didn't really matter since it would be reset shortly. The human was held in place by spears that buried themselves in their flesh then exited the other side, before locking themselves into the stone opposite their entry point. The human could not move as they bled out on the floor. I looked straight into their eyes, Frisks eyes and said, "If we really are friends, you won't come back."

When everything was reset again, I was no longer in the Judgement Hall. I was back in Snowdin Forest and the great door to the ruins was still locked tight. 