Walking home, felt weird. The same streets I grew up on, The same streets I had married on. The streets where i started my family, raised my boy Jackson. He's 7 now, and he's at the phase of his life where he drinks milk more than he leaves his room, Constantly listening to the gosh-darn radio.

I can't wait for him to get out of that phase, Don't get me wrong i love Jackson, But 3 gallons a week is expensive... And its only Wednesday, But i guess he gets that from me I just hope for the love of god that he does start chugging out of the carton. 

Hmm, Its a bit dark out, but the house looks cleaner than when i left, odd. I walk through the front door, when i see some strange man standing in the middle of my living room, he lets out a surprised grunt as i walk in, But anything more wasn't going to happen, I throw the milk onto the ground, dropping everything else i was carrying and I lunge at the stranger in my home.

"Who the hell are you!" I yell as i have him pinned against the ground, But he elbows me in the gut and turns me over onto the ground, choking me with his arm as I lay between him and the floor. " I could be asking you the same thing old man, The fuck are you doing in my house huh? You come into my house and tackle me? Spilling milk on my floor, You know how hard it is getting milk out of Hardwood? Huh?" " What do you mean your house sonny, This house has been in my family for 70 years!" "You must be delusional, I've lived in this house for 55 long years. Honey! Can you call 911?" I look over at something i didn't notice, A girl same age as the man, with a child around 5 years old in her hands. She stands there shellshocked.

"Okay... What the hell is going on?" I say as the more and more i look around the more confused i get. I look into the Entertainment room, and see one large flat panel thing up on the wall, seats surrounding it. I look into the mans eyes and i notice a twinkle. Huh, Green eyes, brown hair... Just like my Jackson... Oh shit... Wheres Jackson?

"JACKSON? JACKSON WHERE ARE YOU" "Have you gone senile old man, I'm Jackson, You found me, Now why the hell are you looking for me?"

"You're not Jackson, I'm talking about my Jackson, He's about 5, he was sitting RIGHT OVER THERE not 30 minutes ago..."

"Look man, I'm the only Jackson here, None of my neighbors have kids, and for the past 50 years, I've been the only Jackson i know. Wait a minute... Whats you're name?"

"My name is James... James Carter..."

"Whats he talking about honey?"

"Shh. Quiet... Look, I'm Jackson Carter. Wait... Wait a minute... Milk. Why did you have that?

"My son, Haha, he goes through so much in a week, I went to the corner store to get some, I was gone not 30 minutes."

"I don't think it was 30 minutes... I think it was 50 years."

"No way... My watch says 30 past 7, I... I wouldn't leave my son for 50 years."

"I don't think it was you're choice... You look, so familiar. ... Dad? Dad oh my god, dad what happened?

He started to break down crying, While i'm still laying under this strangers arm.. He looks like my son 50 years from now, or then, but the question is... 

"How did this happen?"