Once, a very long time ago, he had been a young man. His sinews held tight against blows and his muscles were lean and quick. When he was twenty there wasn't a man alive that could do anything with him, except for his teacher. The man he'd learned from had himself learned the cavalry sabre from one before him, that had had to use it in an old war no one wants to talk about.

By thirty his knees were shot. The exertion of leaping into range, strike-parry-pirouette out like a ghost - It had started to pull where the ligament anchored into bone. His old teacher had shown him how to read his opponent's stance, though. He was a little slower, but the people he fought couldn't tell. He was always in the right place at the right time, somehow.

At around forty five he brought his daughter, then only ten, to the tombstone of his teacher. He showed her the old master's grave, his name, told her about where their sabre came from. She was young. She had promise though. 

By his mid fifties he had watched his daughter stand under their countries' flag, hoisting a gold medal. She'd beaten all the world's champions to be there. In spite of the fact that he had never even competed, she told the countless microphones shoved into her face that she owed it all to her father, the best sword fighter in the world.

Soon she was not a young woman, but a grown one. She had children, some of whom wanted to learn and some who didn't. And he was an old man, who played with his grandchildren in the back yard gently with sticks. 

But now he was old, beyond old. His grandchildren had children. They were not here. He was utterly alone in a way he'd never known. He sat on a couch, the pale blue light of a television flickering on a stained white shirt.

"It is your time," Death said.

He knew it was Death speaking, the way you know the voice of a friend. It was familiar and comfortable. 

"If I'm going to die I want to see my daughter one more time."

"That is impossible. They can not visit you here. You already dwell beyond. Now come." Death lowered his scythe in a motion was was at once slow and dreadful.

The stick he'd cut from the back yard, the one he remembered playing with his great-grandchildren with, was sandwiched between the seat cushions. It whipped out with a speed that one his age shouldn't have. It caught the wood of the scythe and stopped it.

"Old man, I am not your enemy. You will come with me, though. You can only stall."

Death was fast. Fast like the worst he'd fought in his youth, cruel like the men in old wars his own teachers fought. The old man was smart, though. The fast blade couldn't cut him when Death's feet were in the wrong stance. The strong blow couldn't touch him when he faded out of range. They fought through the house, the pictures on the wall shaking loose from their nails at the ferocity of their battle. The scythe cut into the drywall, ruining his home, pulling it apart at the seams and revealing only darkness beyond.

He didn't know how long they fought. At some point, he heard her voice. A young voice at the top of the stairs. He looked up, saw his daughter there. She was a child again, only ten. 

"I love you daddy. I want you to know that. I always will. We all will." She was crying. He smiled at her and wanted to tell her it was alright, but for some reason he couldn't speak.

Death's blade found his heart. It didn't hurt.

--------


"It was like he was waiting for me to say goodbye. Like he was holding on," the daughter said. Here she was fifty. She sat in the hospital outside her father's room. The sheets had been pulled over dad's face, the blinds were being closed. Her grown son sat next to her, an arm around her, consoling. A doctor stood over her, as kind a face on him as he could produce. "Thank you," the daughter choked out, "for keeping him going long enough for us to get here."

"I didn't do much," the doctor replied. "He held on until he could say goodbye. No matter what anyone says I believe they can hear you through the coma. We're all very for your loss."