As I appeared before my followers I saw their gallowed eyes and frail bodies. They surrounded themselves in candlelights and sat at a multitude of tables and improvised seats. Their faces were covered in the light of flame and hope while their chins glistened and shone unusually. 

Why? Why were my humans subpar? Why was there not a single formidable looking person among them? Thinking on it now, their architecture is primitive with one of their structures likely to completely fall on its' side in time. What's more, the burning desire to bring war burned in all their hearts but they only held miniature, improperly shaped tridents.

Something is better than nothing, let me address my people and guide them to path of Ragu.

"Thank you my children. Although you do not wear the holy collanders and are in shambles, I will guide you with my noodley appendages into enlightenment. I'd like to call forth the One that organized you all together under my banner. Please, let them come forth."

The humans surrounded me and bowed with one stepping forward. He held two miniature tridents and for the first time I noticed an odd apparatus that everyone was wearing on their legs. It looked almost Leguizamo-esque. No, I was wrong. It's more of a Hoskins-based designed. I'll study it more as I get to know them and grow their numbers. For now, I'll let their prophet speak.

"Thanks for bestowing your presence upon our Noodle Mass. I have long preached that you would arrive someday in all of your noodley, saucey, meatbally glory. I have told everyone that you would extend your noodley appendages to all of us so that we may feel closer with you and in doing so grow many times stronger in spirit so that we may better serve you. Please give us your orders and we shall obey."

I love the way this one speaks, I've never heard such sweet yet hearty words  before. They may think that the sauce going down all of my noodles is me oozing power, but it's my tears. I'm embarrassed, but they don't know that. 

"I am pleased with your service, dedication and faith. All that I require is that you follow my orders when you give them and that every believer holds onto part of me so that we may rebuild the world together."

After that, there were millions of them standings extending their hands and holding onto me. It was completely blissful, I felt powerful. People actually loved me and even hungered for what I said or instructed them do next. Yes, it was quite a powerful feeling. I'm still curious about their devices, but I'll ask about their enemies.

"Why do you use such tiny, metal weapons to fight for and to defend yourselves? What sort of enemy do you have where you would hold any sort of advantage with them?"

Then the leader spoke again.

"Our enemy is not human, at least not directly. We suffer from past war and have a solution to all of our problems already. We just need help making it to that date of victory which will be a few days from now. In a few days our water will no longer be poisoned, our crops will no longer wilt and we will no longer have to scavenge for food."

Oh, so they aren't complete wastes of flesh.

"Tell me, what do you have planned?"

And with that, they all leapt into the air and began to twist my appendages and rip me apart. This... this hurt more than anything that's ever been said. This is pain? This is real pain? They're... eating me? THEY'RE EATING ME!!!

"I thought that this was a longshot, but you will serve as the meal that we need to get us to last for our technology to save the world. You aren't needed, your only power is being the dinner of our salvation. We thank you kindly."