 **Part one.**

(Note: This takes place in the Marvel universe, with a few added characters.)

I dashed through the halls of the school.
*This isn’t real, this isn’t real, it’s all just a dream,* I thought, but I ran anyway. Behind me rang the screams of my fellow students. People I’d left behind.

 The middle school was in chaos. Explosions, fires, an infinite amount of lightning, it was too hard to truly process. 

 As I ran, I thought about the events that had just occurred. A person wearing a full set of metal armor, headless, atop a skeletal horse, holding a sword made of blue flames, had been launched through the wall. Two more creatures, one seeming to be some sort of mix of human, bird, and lion, the other a handsome, young boy with dark leathery wings.

 I had heard of superheroes in the city, but never thought I’d see one, and much less when they were in action.

 Or when they die.

 The students, myself included, had now backed into a corner, watching as a man in gold armor, covered in jewels, holding a magnificently crafted staff, walked in through the large hole in the wall.

 I had smiled. I had been watching a hero defeat the powerful villains. But... Heroes don’t always win.

 The headless horseman managed to jab the blazing sword through the hero’s chest. 

 So, I did the only thing I could do. I ran. 

 Finally, I reached the school’s exit. Almost reaching the door, I found myself meeting a blow to the stomach from the leather winged boy, thrown aside like a rag doll.

 I managed to twist midair, landing on my feet. The three villains once more stood before me.

 “No witnesses,” a voice came from the headless horseman. “Adrian,” he nodded at the winged boy, “Daros,” he nodded at the other man. “End him.”

 The two, in unison, nodded. I could only watch as they charged, the one named Adrian drawing a dagger, the other, Daros, summoning a spear of lightning.

 I don’t know how I did it, but I managed to duck beneath both of their blows, grabbing Adrian’s dagger, and leaping forwards, burying the knife in its owner’s chest.
 
 He stopped moving. Limp. But I didn’t stop. Still fearful, I pulled the dagger out and chucked it at Daros, and it imbedded itself in his skull.

 The headless horseman, seemingly unaffected, slung himself off his horrifying steed, stalking towards me.

 “You. Who are you?” his voice came smoothly.

 “I... Listen, I didn’t mean to, I-I just don’t want to die!” I cried out, wildly thinking of a way to escape the situation.

 “No witnesses.” With that, he charged at me. I managed to lunge out of the way, dashing to the staircase, (which was rare for a school in that area,) panting heavily.

 I heard him following at a slower pace, weighed down by his armor. I ran, still, but of course, in the most cliche way possible, I reached a dead end, a balcony over the city below. 

 The footsteps neared, and the sentence was once more repeated. “No. Witnesses.”

 I forced a small smile. “Y’know, that’s pretty annoy-“ I ducked, time seeming to stop momentarily. The headless horseman had lunged at me, flying through the air. Soaring above me, he swiftly descended to the clustered streets.

 I looked over the railings. The villain was impaled on a pole a construction worker had been setting up.

 The next few days, maybe weeks, were a blur. Interviews. Awards. People wanting autographs.

 But I didn’t care. I had just killed three people. Evil, corrupt people, but people nonetheless.

 And of course, no one gave a damn. Not about the lives lost at the school. Not about the death of a hero. They were all convinced I was the only thing worth talking about. 

 Finally, after so many tiring days, I found myself lying in my bed. My parents were talking in the living room. I hadn’t spoken to them in a while, and I didn’t want to.

 I sat up straight when I heard it. A knock from my window. I slowly turned, eyes widening. There, in front of me, was a superhero that almost anyone could recognize. I’ll give you a hint, he was hanging from a web.

 I quickly unlatched the lock and slid the window open, eyes wide, and stupidly said, “Spiderman?”

 “Yeah, uh, hey,” he sounded tired and nervous. “So uh, I was told to deliver this to you. You’re that guy who saved the school, right?”

 I stared at the floor. “Saved? No... The entire place ended up going down. All I did was murder those guys.”

 It was hard to tell, but the hero seemed to be considering something. Slowly, he lifted his mask off. I was surprised, seeing he couldn’t be much older than me.

 “Listen... I’m new at this whole hero thing, but here’s some advice; you obviously have some sort of power. Try to figure it out and... Well, try not to kill. It’s hard, yeah, but... As someone once told me, with great power comes great responsibility.” Moments later, he was gone, swinging from building to building. He had left an envelope behind.

 I carefully lifted the note, scanning the writing, reading it aloud. “Good job. You got rid of competition. But know this - we’re watching you, kid.”

 I was filled with fear. The heroes were against me. 

 And only later would I realize... Maybe they have good reason to.


(HoLy HeCk I sUcK aT wRiTiNg)