Brian stumbled into the bathroom, prepared to drench himself into wakefulness. He blundered to the sink and twisted the faucet. In the moment before the water rushed out, he saw the white build-up in the basin and the small, brown specks nestled amongst it. Then the water burst forth, and the specks jolted. He jumped back: they were flying now, and they were *everywhere*, up on the ceiling, down on the tile, and all along the shower curtain. Brian scrambled out of the bathroom without a second glance.

He was sticky all day. His head itched with dander, and his bangs dripped with oil that left his forehead dotted with pimples. Brian was dirty; he knew it, and he knew his coworkers knew it. They could see it on him, could smell it on him, their disgust concealed behind tired 9-to-5 smiles. They addressed him once at arm's length and never returned, leaving him to swelter in his cubicle. All throughout work, he could feel the dirt seeping from his pores, the sweat pooling in his seats, the flies crawling along his arms... 

Brian shuddered and adjusted his monitor, trying to reorient himself. But every peripheral motion was a fly buzzing around his head, a nasty, dung-laden fly waiting for the perfect moment to alight upon him. He closed his eyes and buried his head in his palms. The cursor blinked on the monitor a thousand times more before he permitted himself to leave.

At the bus stop, Brian slumped onto the bench. The glass box protected him from any insect-based assaults; however, it was not enough to repel people. As Brian sat there and perspired, a man came strolling around the block. He was lanky and lean and wore a stocking cap and an oversized jacket despite the heat. Brian inadvertently made eye contact, and there was no taking it back: the man sidled up to him, shoving any notion of personal space to the wayside. He smelled like a thrift store.

"Hey, man, hey, what's your name?" Between the tremor in his nod and the malodor on his breath, Brian decided he knew all he needed to know about the guy. Brian gave him his name, and he smiled, showing off a golden tooth. "I'm Aaron," he said.

Brian nodded and willed the bus to arrive sooner. "Say, Brian," Aaron said, "I've been kind of down on my luck lately..."

"I've got no change on me, sorry." The excuse popped from his mouth, pre-heated and preemptive, and Brian felt the stickiness exponentiate. *Whatever*, he thought, *I don't owe him anything*.

"Hey, hey, that's alright, man," Aaron said, but he didn't go away. He sat there, nodding, taking out a cigarette and lighting it. The smell of smoke commingled with Aaron's grime and Brian's sweat; the bus stop was turning into a dumpster fire.

"Do you mind?" Brian snapped.

Aaron breathed out a spurt of smoke. "Hey, sorry, man. Gotta have my smokes. We all got our vices, don't we?" He took another hit and chuckled. The chuckle turned into a hack, and Aaron doubled over, coughing loud and hard into the crook of his arm. Spittle flew over his elbow and struck Brian in the cheek and on his shirt. He recoiled, springing to his feet.

"Do you *mind*?" Brian said again, and he flapped his arms in a dance of disgust, trying to wave himself clean. He stared at the spit stain dripping next to his tie: traces of brown seeped through the fabric. Brian cursed and stomped his foot. "You're sick!"

"Hey, geeze, man. I'm sorry." Aaron shrugged with his hands and reclined on the bench. "Just a little spit; it's all. I ain't diseased or anything..."

Disgusting. Everything was disgusting today, and worst of all, Brian couldn't take a shower without walking into a den of flies. He stared at the road, brimming with frustration, before turning back around to see that Aaron had laid himself out on the entire bench. His eyes were shut, and the cigarette dangled from his fingertips, still alight.

"Just what are you doing? People sit on that bench." 

Aaron reopened his eyes and gave Brian a withering stare. "And I sleep on this bench, every night," he said, and as he closed his eyes again, Brian could feel the grime, the dirty, ashen, homeless grime, seeping into his pants seat.

The bus couldn't come sooner, and Brian treated the sleeping Aaron to one last look of disdain before boarding. As the bus crawled along the outside of the park, he made a mental note to find another station to wait at. He peered out the window, scanning for stops, only to be greeted with another unpleasant sight. Backlit by the sunset, dozens and dozens of people were making their way around the perimeter of the park, clad in the same ratty coats and dirty jeans as Aaron's. They laid claim to open benches and picnic tables, marking their territory with trash and bodily fluids. In the distance, through the shrubs and trees, Brian could discern even more of them; they were crawling all over the park, a black, writhing mass of homelessness.

Brian swore never to set foot in the park again.

When Brian got home, he saw, with a jolt of panic, he had left the bathroom door ajar. He gritted his teeth and made his way blindly down the hallway, ignoring every insect-like prickle. He passed the bathroom and went straight to his bedroom, collapsing on his bed and curling up under the covers.

The flies were everywhere now. They were on his ceiling and in his dressers, flying and crawling and speckling the room with excrement. They would lay their eggs in every damp corner and in his mouth as he slept. He could get rid of them, maybe, but they'd still be there, walls plastered by their guts—and memories of guts after they were wiped away.

He closed his eyes and let the darkness save him from the flies.