Alright, let's get a few things straight. Firstly, yes, I am the devil. Satan, Lucifer, I have a lot of nicknames but those are the ones that seem to have the biggest impact when used in casual conversation. You wouldn't know if you could see me. No "blacker than soot, curly horns", no red or burnt skin, no "eyes resembling a snake." Honestly, some of the representations of me in media are downright insulting. I mean, come on, head of a ram, bottom half of a goat, and don't even get me started on my depiction is South Park.  Seriously, I look just like your normal, every-day Joe Shmoe. Average height, average build, I even go out of my way to follow the humans' fashion styles to maintain an average haircut, which is not a cake walk. 

Anyway, second thing to know, the being you know as "God"? Yeah, he's gone. Almost as soon as he made mankind he up and disappears muttering something about "never getting a break" and "hope this all works itself out". He seemed tired, or fed up, I'm not sure which. He was always hard to read with the whole "see my true self and your face melts off" thing. Either way, some people are absolutely crushed when they hear about his absence. They devote their whole lives to their beliefs in the man upstairs only to find out that he's not gonna answer the door when they knock? Heart-breaking. I feel for them, I really do. He wasn't there when I knocked, and I knocked a lot.

Third point, and this one's a doozy, so I'm glad you're sitting. You're dead. No way to dumb down the blow of that one so... there it is, plain and simple. Black and white. Now before you ask me the normal questions, let me run through the normal answers. No, I can't tell you the meaning of life because, quite frankly, I don't know myself. "Why me" is usually a difficult one to answer, so let's just use the generic "it's your time" excuse on that. Uh, yes, as a matter of fact, I have taken away your ability to see, speak, or make any other noise for that matter. And of course, the best for last, "if you're here, am I going to hell", and well.. that depends on your definition. A place of fire and brimstone, lava pits, and demons with pitchforks run by yours truly? No. A place like that doesn't actually exist. What I wouldn't give for a place of my own, and not some run-down, too-close-to-the-train-tracks apartment with the wicked witch of the west as my landlord. I guess it's just a good thing I'm not there all that much. But, back to you, and heaven, and all that.

Here's the jist of the situation. God creates man, God goes away leaving the angels in charge of his science project (you and the rest of mankind), angels decide that they are the superior species and turn heaven into a cage for mankind. Everything you presume hell to be? That's actually heaven. Just replace the demons with angels, the pitchforks with flaming swords, and your pretty much there. Much different than what you're thinking, I know, but, that's what happens when the knowledge you have comes from a book of half-truths, written by angels who, at the time, were considering my outbursts to God when he told us angels that he was leaving. The parts about me falling from heaven because I didn't want to love mankind more than God? Half true. Me loving God more? At the time, that was true. That was before he left. Me falling from grace? Wrong. I escaped. I found a loophole in the ol' "angel's handbook" that's since been fixed. I left on my own because I saw what heaven was turning into. I can still see what it's becoming, and... let's just say it's not getting any better and I'm glad I got out when I did.

Lucky for you, you're one of the ones I got to first. Souls are pretty quick to move on, but I manage to catch a few here and there. See, usually your soul would bolt up to heaven and you would be greeted by a choir of angels, much like you see in the movies, or dreams. They'd tell you all about how heaven is your paradise, it's your best day on earth repeated day-in, day-out, that YOU make your own personal heaven, fit for royalty and you're the king. They then ask "Have you accept God as your creator?" This part doesn't actually matter. God created you. It's fact. You accepting that he made you, or not, does not change anything, this question is all for dramatic effect. Then they ask, "Do you accept our invitation into heaven?" This is the important bit. They need you to say "yes" to this. If you accept, you basically hand over your soul. Really the only thing that could stop them now is God coming back, which I don't really see happening any time soon, and even if he does, he could just brush it off and let the angels have their way.

Anyway, your soul is yours, so if you really want to go to heaven, or there's any chance you don't believe me and you're thinking, "He's the devil! I can't trust the devil, he's... well... the devil!", all you have to say is no. I'll let your soul go and you can be on your way up. It happens often enough that I'm used to it by now, so don't worry about hurting my feelings. The main reason you're still here and not already on the elevator, is that I want to offer you a choice. You can go to heaven, or I can free your soul to purgatory.

Purgatory's probably different from what you imagine as well, but not by much. It's basically just the same as life. Only your a spirit. Not a person. You don't have a body, so, no pain or aging or anything like that. You are, however, alone. Purgatory, just like a heaven has a maximum occupancy of 1. Meaning, it's just you there. You won't see other souls, as they are all in their own purgatory as well, and you won't even see the people still alive on earth. You'll be free to wander, but that's pretty much all you can do. Souls can't touch, or grab, or anything you're used to. You still have all your senses, which I don't understand since your soul doesn't have eyes, ears, or anything like that, but, hey it's convenient. You're basically a ghost if you wanna look at it that way.

But like I said, your soul, your choice. I can't make you choose one or the other, I can just.. tell you all this and hope you believe me. Your fate isn't written in stone, and this is the most pivotal choice you make. Now, when I snap my fingers, you'll be able to speak. God, I need to find a way to explain that without sounding like a creepy street magician. Either way, you need to tell me what you wanna do.. I know the options aren't the best.. it's basically either eternal torture unless God shows, or eternal loneliness, even if the big man comes back. I give the choice every now and then and even after all these times, I still don't know what I'd choose. Either trust the devil, or don't. But, times up.. I need an answer. Purgatory.... or heaven?

*snaps*