The alarms blared as lights flashed throughout the ship. Patrick awoke with a start. Foggy vision and a dormant mind made interpreting the signals a practice of confusion. Within seconds he was out of his berth and running to the control room. Conscious thought gradually returned. He had been aboard the vessel for 32 years. Only 17 or so more years to go. Christ. The meaning of time had changed over the decades. No longer were there goals and deadlines, no mandatory check-ins (at least not since the crash), there was only one countdown left; the all-important ETA. There were time displays in almost every chamber but they only served only to govern the routine. That is what Patrick had started to refer to his day as – a routine. Day in day out it was the only thing that could make sense of his confinement. The control center however held a different clock. The holy clock whose bells never rung. They were ringing now. 

As Patrick entered the control center a knot tightened in his chest. The countdown read 15:11:05:13:50 but it was changing fast. Too fast. This time ticked down, decreasing impossibly. Hours passed in seconds then milliseconds, soon the days and even the months were melting away. Patrick sat at the console wiping bleary eyes forcing the last dregs of sleepiness from his system. Something was going wrong with on board trackers. The ETA countdown was based solely on current speed vs distance remaining. There he saw the error – the vessels current speed was clearly shown as 1 350 000 km/h. Now the ship was the fastest one ever built, at least at the time. It’s maximum theoretical speed was almost 50% the speed of light. Although the highest cruising speed it had reached all trip was only 38%. Here the output read over 400% speed of light and still accelerating. That knot constricted and panic began to set in. He couldn’t have this happen now. The routine required the countdown. The countdown is fucked. The routine is fucked. As his breathing became more frequent his mindfulness faded. The shrill alarm grew dull like as if he had been plunged underwater.  His vision was swimming, the blackness that had been suffocating his craft all these years crept into his center and he succumbed.

He awoke to brightness. A white brighter than he had ever seen blinded him. The alarm still beeped in the background. But this alarm was different. Soft and quiet. As shapes began to from in his vision and divide the sea of white knew these beeps were new. He had become intimately familiar with all the sights and sounds aboard the vessel. The sounds had been something of a companion to him; a lonely space-farers only form of communication. One sided and emotionless. The sounds now triggered something deep inside his memory. A feeling of fear, helplessness. A white ceiling and white walls coalesced before him. High, flat ceiling, square corners, and space! So much space all around him! He wasn’t on the ship anymore. He was, however, still alone. 

“We are born alone, we die alone.” 

The mantra came to him automatically. So many times had he repeated it to himself since the crash. Whenever the loneliness of his voyage was too much to bare he would intone the line. While most people would consider this despair, for Patrick it was comforting. He knew his mission and just as he wasn’t truly alone when he was born, he wouldn’t be alone when he died. So in moments of misery and despair that line reminded him he would not be alone forever. That was the plan. Mankind hung in the balance. He felt the familiar pride return to him as he thought of his mission. The great sacrifice the recruiters had called it. The crew had been selected from very extensive criteria. Not just anyone could successfully share a tin can with 3 other people for 40 years. Other people. Patrick purged his train of thought, and repeated his mantra.

“We are born alone, we die alone.”

He couldn’t stand thinking of his crew. It brought memories of laughter and love, companionship, trust. It brought memories of the crash. 

“We are born alone, we die alone.”

Patrick lifted his head to survey the room. He lay on a bed in the center of a square, unadorned room. There was a console which he identified as the source of the beeping to his left and a large white halo light suspended from the ceiling above him. He had been in a room like this before. Sometime in the age past. A time before the routine. One wall held a large double door, clad in steel with a round viewing port on each side. The glass was slightly convex, distorting the light that passed through.  He could see shapes moving on the other side. Now a dark form approached the window, obscuring the light behind. With a hiss of hydraulics, the doors parted and out stepped something Patrick never thought he would see again. A woman. She wore a long white apron that covered her front, carrying a clipboard against her chest. Her mouth formed a compassionate smile while long blonde hair was wrapped up tightly behind her head. The most beautiful lady who’s ever lived. Or so she may as well have been to Patrick. As water tastes sweetest after a long bout of dehydration so would the blandest woman radiate in the light of his longing.

She approached the bed and took Patrick’s hand in hers. 

“Welcome home, Dr. Seul. You’ve had quite a trip.”
