"You again?" The droll voice of death asked when it saw the spirit of Sophia standing next to her body.

"We all gotta go sometimes," Sophia's spirit said, with a shrug.

Her physical body was sprawled out in a back alley with her head facing the red bricked wall of the seediest bar in town.

"Another overdose," Death noted.

"Yeah. I always forget that the body has a harder time taking them harder drugs as you get older. Shame I never seem to know my limit."

Death made no comment nor judgement -- he was professional. But privately he had come to hate seeing this impish woman time and time again. If someone must go such a winning streak why couldn't it have been somebody reasonable like that Edgar Allen Poe fellow. Then Death could at least look forward to seeing his return customer.

"I imagine you'll be wanting to invoke the coin flip wager again," Death said.

"You know it, old friend."

"You have managed to win 100 times in a row."

"I swear to God or whoever, it's not a double-sided coin," Sophia said, suddenly alarmed.

"I am aware. So far, I have always been the one to provide the coin."

Death stooped to the ground and ruffled through the freshly deceased woman's purse. He produced a quarter and then stepped towards the waiting spectre.

"This time, we shall use one of your coins. Do you object to the use of this particular coin?" Death asked her.

Death put the quarter in the palm of one boney hand and then, after a lengthy paused, flipped the quarter over. It was minted in the year 2002 and clearly had both a 'heads' and a 'tails'. 

"Looks good," She said.

"Your luck must run out eventually," Death said. "Some would find a droll sort of poetry in a hedonist such as yourself managing to live for over a thousand years."

"I'm starting to think that my luck will never run out," Sophia said.

"Impossible. Simply impossible."

"I'm not so sure about that anymore. You flip the coin, and you have a 50/50 chance of getting one side or the other. We're buds so we'd just flip again if it landed on it's side or combusted or something asinine like that. But you might get heads three times in a row. In fact, you might get heads ten million times in a row. Not terribly likely, but not impossible."

"Improbable," Death said with distaste. 

"Yes! We're talking about probability. And the chances of that are infinitesimal. But you, you're an eternal spirit. And given eternity, eventually everything that can possibly will happen simply due to the never-ending nature of forever."

Sophia paused and looked around her, blinking her eyes.

"Jesus. It's been a decade since I've been this sober. I've forgotten what it's like to think so clearly. Anyway, my point is this: I'm the one. I'm the one that's going to win the wager billions of times in a row. Maybe only 500 million times. Maybe even only a million times. It has to happen to you eventually and it just so happens I'm the lucky gal."

Death scowled. Then, in one violent motion, he flipped the the coin hundreds of feet up into the air.

"Call it!" Death demanded.

"Tails!" 

What goes up must come down and eventually the quarter struck the asphalt. Death craned his neck downwards. He sighed, and looked away.

"I told you, baby. I'm the one," Sophia said.

"Per the terms of our agreement, I will now return you to an age of your choosing," Death said, still avoiding eye contact.

"Age 5," Sophia said. "See, all of that innocence is like foreplay. You can't properly enjoy living sinfully without a long build-up of innocence."

Death snapped his fingers and Sophia vanished -- the threads of time re-wove themselves.

Sometimes, in-between harvesting the souls of the dead, Death wondered if she was correct about her wild probability theory. Surely the same logic would say that eventually she would lose the coin toss, Death told himself. It had better. The notion of spending eternity with an increasingly smug Sophia was his personal hell.