"Objection, your honor, leading the witness!" I screamed. No was was he going to catch my guy on bullshit like that. See that's what I always hate about these kinds of trials. It's all about the conviction, regardless of guilt. 

"Sustained. I wont warn you again, laws from leviticus are inadmissible in court. "

About damn time this judge agreed with me. I have been trying to get this guy released from purgatory for so long it hurts, and he has been stonewalling me the entire time. Sometimes it just feels like I should've been a guardian angel instead of a public defender. I only get paid 3 silver pieces an hour; at least a guardian angel gets benefits. 

"No further questions."

Finally. Now I can go dig us both out of this whole he's made for himself.

"Mr. Wilson, do you remember what you had to do for your final in 7th grade world history?" I asked. It's a softball question so he better get it right. 

"Um, yes I do. I had to do a project, a report, on a Greek god of my choosing." He replied. Oh hell yes. He even learned the notecards word for word. He has to keep this up though. We'll go nice and slow. 

"And this was a final? How much would that be worth in percentage of your grade?"

"Yes sir, it counted for 40 percent of my overall grade." He did it. He doesn't have to say anything anything else. I did it. I saved this man from eternal damnation. I knew my first win would feel good but this is pure adrenaline. I can feel no negativity. I can do anything. I feel like I-

"I dont get why I have to sit through this whole bullshit trial, though." He said. 

No! No no no no! Why did you talk!? You didnt have to say anything! Why are you talking!

"Young man, that language is inexcusable. I am placing you in contempt.  Bailiff, escort this delinquent out of my chambers." The judge bellowed. 

"Your honor, please?" I pleaded. 

"Counselor sit down. You are on thin ice." Fine I'll sit down. That asshole isnt worth going to jail for. Why would he keep talking? We were hone free. The only charge they had him on was "speaking the name of another god" due to statute Exodus 23:13 but I could explain that away as a school project. It's not a hard case but now I lost my first win as a public defender instead. Maybe I will become that guardian angel. 


