I've been thinking about Powerpuff Girls a lot lately. 

I remember being young, returning home from playing outside and turning on TV to my favorite channel, very often being greeted by three blobs, each in an additive primary color. These creatures could fly at speed of a jet, hit with stregth of a rhyno and shoot lasers destructive as bombs, and they used these powers to protect their home city from all sorts of monsters and villains. Back then superpowers were just a fiction, a concept used to create captivating comic books and tv shows. No airborne magical blast exchanges in salaryman Joe's life, so looking at drawings of them was all we've got. In a million years I would've never thought that this would be my life some day. 

But now I was flying through stratosphere, propelling myself forward with some sort of force that I could instinctively control. Freezingly cold gasses tickled my skin, but they didn't hurt me, nor influence my bodily functions. Just a short memo from nerve receptors to the brain - "yo, it's fucking cold here". "Does that bother you?" "Not really." "What about other organs?" "We're all fine." "In that case let's keep flying." Conversations like this would often fill my head while travelling at this altitude. Pressure still affected my hearing so I didn't bother putting in earbuds, and objects on the ground were too small to hold my interest. So instead my mid would shift between worthless thoughts like these, and even more worthless ones like "what does my future hold". And that brings us back to PowerPuff Girls.

You see, there was an episode of that show where our heroines were faced with a unique conundrum - the townsfolk got too reliant on their help, abusing their good will and kindness. The girls decided to take a day off and let the civilians (and police) handle their own problems. Of course the show was a parody and played up the commonfolk laziness and idiocy for laughs. But it did send the message that ultimately, everyone can be a hero if they use their abilities intelligently, and are willing to put in the effort and make sacrifices. You'd think that's a message for kids inspired by these superpowered characters, who wish they could fly and punch people just like them, but might settle for being kind and helpful like them instead. Perhaps one could relate to the powerpuffs, also feeling like people are too reliant on you and you need to cut yourself off and force them to fend for themselves. 

But could you ever imagine to be in literally the same situation? To be an actual superpowered superhero who tries to live up to the responsibility of having such powers? You know, like fighting the equally superpowered supervillains. Dealing with "ordinary" murderers, mafia and gangs. Then with more petty criminals, burglars, drunks getting in fights. Meeting with make-a-wish kids. Letting scientists run tests on me. Helping city council with a construction they could never afford with ordinary means. Around that point you start to ask yourself - where should I draw the line? My time's limited just like everyone elses. Sure, building that park would be really nice for the local community and it only takes me few hours to move all the trees we could buy cheapily from half across the country. But if I agree to that, why should I decline when the neighbouring city asks me for similar help? Is favoring my hometown ethical when I'm one of the only few heroes in the whole world?

There's one part of that PPG episode I thought was just a comedic premise, which is that superheroes can just get fed up and quit superheroing. I mean, in real life you don't just stop caring about people's lives and leave them at mercy of villains, natural disasters and supernatural occurances, right? Well, I've come to learn about the concept of "mental health" from experience, as it started to get bad. I've started missing my throws, making inefficient movements, doing roundabout solutions. I've become sloppy, slow and careless. For the first time since I was a kid I've had to make an appointment, go to a doctor, describe my symptoms and ask "what's wrong with me?" Turns out superheroes can get mentally drained, or even depressed. Guess whether you're a crimefighter or an office worker, sometimes you just gotta shut yourself inside a cabin in the woods for 2 weeks. Only difference is that office worker doesn't have to worry that a crimelord will take over the world in their absence, but I guess their company could go bankrupt and that would affect them about as much.

Such worthless thoughts filled my head for several hours as the landscapes below me slowly changed. The most exciting moments when were some airliner would pass me by - my flight speed was actually pretty slow compared to them. Now that I think about it, it would actually be faster and more convienient to travel by plane. On the other hand, a superhero sitting in an aisle seat, receiving coffee from a stewardess while watching a movie on the seat screen is an image that made me chuckle. Thankfully my travel was coming to an end. I could see my hometown's boundaries in the distance, which meant only few minutes separated me from reaching the roof of my apartment.

To be honest, I wasn't even sure if the city was even there. I cut myself off the internet completely, so any news of my hometown getting decimated would have passed me by. So as I was lowering my altitude and closing the remaining distance, it was calming to see that there were no fires, electricity seemed to work, cars were driving as usual... The city looked fine. I exhaled a sigh of relief. Finally, I was flying near familiar buildings, using the paths I was accustomed to, even spotted a familiar face or two in the crowd below. I was ready to get back to work, even anxious to figure out how to manage my time better. Stop just putting out metaphorical fires as they burst out, and actually figure out how to steadily improve everyone's quality of life and prevent tragedies from happening.

With these thoughts running through my brain, I started landing on my terrace. And because my head was in the clouds, I almost flew right into yellow tape. I snapped back into my senses and suddenly realized that my entire balcony was sealed off with "Do not cross" police band. My mind started rushing - what the hell? Did someone break in? Is it a prank? Or am I in trouble with the law for some reason? As I was trying to prevent myself from panicking, I decided to not break the tape just in case and instead flew towards the staircase, hoping there will be an open window - and there was, just one floor below mine. I entered through it, flew up the stairs, right to my door, and then I froze. On the piece of wood separating my home from the rest of the world, a piece of paper hanged on the eye-level. Informing me that I'm requested to give myself in to the police. That they're gonna use force if I don't cooperate, and there is a million dollar bounty on my head, as well as smaller rewards for helping capture me.

What the fuck.