As Matthew walked around the dig site his eyes set upon an object jutting out of the rock. He realized no one had noticed the object and rushed over to it. It was thin and had become very stiff from age.

"Sam, get me the lazer cutter!" Matthew shouted. The small metal tool was dropped in his hand followed by footsteps running off. Matthew then carefully cut out the object with the lazer projecting from the tool. Finally he freed the object, retangular and thin.

Matthew carefully held the artifact and carried it back to the restoration station. He set it down on the glass table of the Defossilizer. The small metal doors of the machine closed followed by a quiet humming. The doors opened and steam rolled out. Matthew pulled out the artifact and set it down on the observing table. 

"Holy shit..." He muttered. He rushed outside, "guys you gotta see this!" He went back to the table and a couple people followed him in. 

"What is it?" One asks. Everyone peeks around Matthew to see the artifact.

"I believe their manuscripts to a religion of some kind," Matthew said. He carefully picks up the artifact, "Marvel..." Matthew starts to flip through the pages, condition as good as new thanks to the Defossilizer. He scanned through most until he arrived at the end.

*To Be Continued*

Matthew's eyes widened, "There's more of them!" He turned to everyone, "I'll mark where I found this, everyone, start the machines. We're moving the excavation site, there has to be more in the area."

**3 Weeks Later**

Sam glances to Matthew's living quaters worriedly. Ever since they found those manuscripts Matthew hasn't left his room. Sam decides to check on him and heads for his living quaters. Cautiously she knocks on his door. She heard lots of shuffling before Matthew peeked his head out the door. He squinted from the sun's light.

"What do you want?" He snapped. Sam was taken back, this wasn't the Matthew she knew. He was about to close the door when Sam blurts out.

"I just wanted to know if your doing okay!"  Matthew stops and opened the door, he was extremely unkept. "What's going on? Your not yourself right now," Sam confronts him. Matthew ignores the question and sits down at his desk studying the manuscripts, his collection of one turned into fifty. He turns to Sam.

"I've finally made a relevant archaeological discovery!" Matthew exclaimed, "all these years, I've thought of giving up my dream job of being a successful archaeologist but this has given me a new hope!" Sam felt bad for Matthew, she knew was he has been through. 

"Matt, this doesn't mean you have to stop caring for yourself," Sam said. Matthew organized the manuscripts and turn to Sam.

"The only thing I need to care for are these manuscripts, you see I've finally figured out this religion," Matthew said, "you see, the god of this religion is called 'Stan Lee' and he created a bunch of warriors like Iron Man or Hulk. He made his warriors fight others he deemed evil like Thanos. I think I might convert." Sam rubbed her forehead.

"Matt, why..." She trailed off. She was going to say something else but stopped herself, it was no use. She turned and left Matthew alone. Matthew fell out of his chair and reached for the door.

"No, wait! The title is called Marvel to describe Stan Lee's awesome powers!" Matthew screamed as Sam left. Very disturbed, Sam decided to relax in the restoration station. As she walked in though, another fellow archaeologist was there.

"Guess what I found! More manuscripts, but under the name DC!" The archaeologist said excitedly.