"He calls it 'Free Will'. I'm not even kidding," said Satan as she carefully removed her overcoat and hung it upon the wall of Her office. Another god sat in a guest chair, back turned but listening. As she sat down behind her desk, she added, "And on this world—one hundred percent serious about this—Billy Bob does nothing while the obsequious masses, contended in their sleep, allow a tiny handful of traitors who would otherwise be executed to own and control their lives. A large percentage of Earth exists in poverty and destitution as the main traitors exploit them."

She was starting to rant. Lord Slappy Hobbler just sat there and grinned as she got on a roll. "They exploit minor differences between them in order to maintain this treason, Hobbes. It's a sick joke. Billy Bob is complicit in the treason. It's time to intervene. If you go to Observation Three you can witness some of this. I know you think I'm exaggerating—"

Slappy interrupted. "Of course I know you're exaggerating. But I'm willing to observe with Billy Bob's consent."

Vanessa eyed him suspiciously. Her red tail whipped around excitedly as she started up again. "That's fine. You'll see. Just take a look at the main empire that exists in the current epoch, the United States of Amerigo Vespucci. You'll see what the fuck I mean. Right now, the least popular political class in history is dismantling their entire economic system while encouraging the destruction of all human life. It's pitiful and I think Billy Bob just wants the humans gone again." She leaned back in her chair, put her fingers together Burns style, and sighed deliberately. "So?"

"So what? I just promised to observe, didn't I? You know I wouldn't be here listening to you if Lord Schmiggly Biggly didn't support your position. You do know she supports you completely, right?" Satan nodded. "Good," Slappy continued, "so here's what we're gonna do. First, I'm gonna observe Earth with permission, like you requested; second, if I find any evidence of dereliction of duties under the guise of 'Free Will' or 'Free Markets' or any other bullshit lies, I'm going to ask Schmigglesworth to form a commission on this. Is that what you wanted to hear? Yes, it sounds far-fetched but you have the council's support."

"Well, it's honestly nice to not have to fight the council kicking and screaming this time," said Satan, visibly relieved. She was genuinely optimistic about her chances here. Her tone softened considerably. "I wish I were exaggerating about Earth. Billy Bob allows them to go without proper healthcare, nutrition, education, allows them to live in constant violence, fear, and anxiety, let's the few traitors control the many decents, it's maddening. I really do appreciate your support here."

Slappy started to get up to leave and retrieve his coat. "He lets them start to death? Seriously? Don't tell me he does that and simultaneously allows them to praise him...?"

"He absolutely does. Just go check out the USA and then check in on the rest of the world it administers. You'll see. There are billions living in conditions of misery. It's appalling and time for action. Just wait a second and let me call Billy Bob to arrange for you to use O3 right now."

After securing Observation Three for Slappy, Satan walked him out. When she got back to her office, she again carefully removed and hung up her coat. The smell of newly painted walls was one of her favorites and she took almost a full Earth minute to sit behind her desk and enjoy it. Why was only Earth bathed in treason? Why did Billy Bob allow it to get so bad? Even the decency of Satan wasn't enough this time; it required a township rebellion.
