'We used to live on the grand continent.' - That's what our parent said to me like their parents to them. It was 500 years since we live on it. We weren't the biggest, strongest or most intelligence race that live there, but for a long time, it was enough for human to survive. Until the other race decided that they wanted more land for themselves. We tried to fight back. But horses, swords and arrows was not enough against their magic. The elf summoned treants taller than our biggest wall, the dwarves spell turn our castles into mud, the goblins make themselves bigger and stronger than 10 mens.

It was not long before we have to flee and leaved our dear home behind. Many died when the pursuers summoned water spirit and sunk our ships. But humanity managed to live on. We arrived at this island. It is not as big as where we once called home, but it was enough for us to thrive. And for 500 years we grow, while the elder make sure that we remembered what happened during the darkest hour. And that we must protect this place, our home.

So we grew, without magic. This island however is not as gentle as the mainland, so we must find a way to survive. And soon, we turned to the mechanical devices. Back then, the most complicated thing was a clock like devices that help us record the weather more easily. Then it turned into bigger thing, an automatic computer, a cryptography.... And now, we have fully automatic robot armed with the weapon of mass detruction. All for a single reason, to protect our home.

Our ancestor was right. Those magic users eventually come to claim this island, after exhausting our old home of everything. But this time, we were ready for their best. They however, was in stagnation because of 500 years having nothing to do but giving in to their desires and rely on their magic. Thus before the scout ship was able to fire any spell, our fighter already take care of it. At this point, we decided to take back our old home, and make haste preparing for the return. It will be a bloody one, for the enemy will not give back what was our. We know that, and appropriate measure was prepared. The giant robot 'Liberator' will be our trump card, with its nuclear warhead automatic cannon. 

The reaction of the first city we met on the invasion was pure fear. 'Liberator' was as 5 times the size of their biggest summon. And when the Liberator fire its gun, we have to remap an entire area, often having to delete forests and some cases mountain out of the old map.

Soon, the Goblins surrendered and asking for mercy. A mercy that we will never give them, a mercy that they do not deserve, for what they did tp humanity. They laughed at us for being magicless, now it's our turn to laught at them having nothing against our robot, and for the great future of humanity to come. But first, the Dwarves and then the Elf will taste our vengeance.


