"Can I get a footlong meatball sub on italian?"

"I don't know, CAN you? Hah, I'm just messing with you, of course you can!"

Everyday after work I come to this Subway, and everyday I have to put up with this dumb ass cashier's dumb ass shit. Like bro, I'm not here to play your cute little games, I just want my 5 dollar sandwich so I can go home and kill myself slowly with it. Fuck off. 

I get home and immediately take my pants off, as is standard on a weekday, then I turn on an old Bill Burr special so I can remind myself that there are people out there more miserable than me. I unwrap my sandwich tentatively, making sure to keep the ass end of the sub wrapped so that the meatball sauce doesn't spill out all over my pantsless dick.

Just as I barely sink my teeth into the sub, I hear that obnoxiously loud upstairs neighbor that's always yelling about souls. I think this time he yelled five billion souls or something like that. I'm telling you, it's all that nerdy anime crap that the kids are into these days, don't know what half of those gremlins are ever talking about.

Once I get about halfway through the sub I feel my throat start closing up, as though Ron Jeremy himself shoved his abhorrent monstercock down it. My hands start sweating like crazy, it feels as though my brain moved down to my asshole and started doing mitosis, and to top it all off, my nipples are sore. After contemplating whether or not to call 911 or let whatever this is just kill me, I decide to just call. Then I pass out.

After some time has passed I wake up on a fucking stretcher, surrounded by people in hazmat suits. I look to my right, and there's two EMT medics, gagged and strapped down to more stretchers. They seem to be struggling, trying their hardest to break their bindings. One looks at me with a mixture of pure terror and hatred in his eyes. 

One of the hazmat people says, "Begin decontamination of quarantined area," and all the rest of them leave the room. One of the EMT medics starts crying. I can hear a loud hiss coming from the air vents. It smells like propane.
