"Doyle." The tall wizard nodded at the mention of his name. His sober black robes were slightly worn at the edges. He towered over the newcomer.

"Morning Griffin." Doyle welcomed the shorter man. Griffin huffed and settled himself on the garden bench. Deep below London's surface, this botanical room was the perfect place for Ministry workers to spend their lunch. Reaching into a forest green pocket, Griffin pulled out a small paper parcel and began unwrapping the sandwich within. Doyle watched as his companion wolfed down the food in large gulps.

"Long morning?" He asked.

"You have no idea." The other wizard sighed. "I woke to the kids screaming bloody murder. Then I nicked myself shaving. And now I've got a bugger of a headache that won't go away."

"I've got some spare potions back in my office. You can have one for the headache if you'd like." Doyle offered. Griffin waved him off.

"Nah, I'll be fine. Besides, it would only come back again. If people only had the good sense to write a proper address on their envelopes, I wouldn't be stuck with the issue anyways."

Doyle frowned. "Did the owl's deliver the wrong thing again?"

Griffin swallowed. "Worse. The owl mis-delivered, *and* the sender had no clue of who to send it to. Since it landed on my desk, it's now my problem. I've only just scratched the surface of the issue and already I wish I could strangle the bloody thing."

"The owl?"

"The sender you idiot!" Griffin was quite red in the face at this point. "Some Hogwarts student claiming that a wizard has subjected their father to the *Obliviatus* charm. Which believe me, no big crime in my books, especially since the student is a muggle born. Maybe their father saw something he shouldn't have. We have to clean up after catastrophes, even small accidents. But the issue is, it's happened *since* the student entered Hogwarts."

"And that would be why the student knows about the charm." Doyle reasoned.

"Exactly. Now we land in the middle of the question of 'Why?'. It clearly wasn't Ministry folk. And at this point, since their son is at Hogwarts, there's no need for secrecy. So 'Why?' were they subjection to the memory charm, and who did it?" Griffin chewed his lip, clearly uncomfortable with the affair. His hands fidgeted with the paper wrapping of his sandwich, which was now reduced to crumbs. Doyle watched his colleague's agitation.

Doyle sighed. "I take it there's more."

"According to the student, his father is a muggle 'biologist'. Their specialty is studying non magical creatures. He goes out into the wilderness, observes them and then publishes his findings."

"A muggle Newt Scamander." Doyle mused with a small smile. "I hope the muggle version is more sane."

"I wouldn't know." Griffin rubbed at his forehead. "But according to the letter the father has been working on particular creature for the past year and a half and was going to publish in a few months time. Now? The father has no memory of his work, or the creature, and all his notes have gone missing. The only reason the student noticed this, is because he helped his father over the summer months. When he returned for winter break he asked how the research was going and his father had no clue what he was talking about."

Doyle opened his mouth, but Griffin kept talking. The words came out in a rush. "Then, at the end of the holidays the student was at Diagon Alley purchasing some new books for the coming semester. What does he see in the window at Flourish and Blotts? A brand new publication on a new magical beast that looks suspiciously like the one he helped investigate a few short months ago. He buys a copy, reads it, and is now accusing the author of plagiarizing his father's life work! Not only that, he's suggesting we perform a thorough investigation of the author because, and I quote, 'This may not be the first time this author has performed this crime.' "

"On the same muggle? Or to other witches and wizards do you think?" Doyle asked finally. Griffin was now staring morosely at Dirigible Plum bush just off the beaten path.

"They didn't say." Griffin mumbled, reaching one hand to his head again, wishing he could just take a potion to fix his headache.

"But surely you have the wizard author's name?"

Griffin barked out a bitter laugh. "Of course I do. The student wasted no time in pointing a finger at Gilderoy Lockhart. In fact, that was the very first paragraph of the letter!"

