"Mmm, it was very good."

Shano of the Xani passed a folded slip of paper across the table, into the eager hands of Father Harlan Carmichael, the Catholic Church's International Space Station delegate. He unfolded it excitedly, and his face lit up into a satisfied smile when he read its contents.

"9.5/10, whew! I had faith that we had an exceptional piece of literature as the backbone of our religion."

Shano laughed, as he took out his infamous "Rate-a-Title" ledger, filled with universal book reviews. He retrieved the "excellent" stamp from the back shelf and stamped in an entry for the Holy Bible. He turned back to Carmichael.

"It was wonderful, it truly was. It was among the best satires I've read within the past year. I've read so many good ones from Earth lately, American Psycho, Da Vinci Code, Art of War..."

Carmichael did a double take.

"Excuse me, sir, what did you call the holy book?"

Shano looked at him confusedly.

"An excellent political satire, with thoroughly baseless facts."

Carmichael's face twitched, slowly suffusing with red. No, no sir. A comedy? A satire? No, no sir, by Mary's immaculate conception he could not in good faith let this grey-skinned reptilian atheist insult the Word of God so crassly.

"Sir, I do not appreciate you talking about the Holy Bible like that. That is the Gospel Truth."

Shano giggled like a child. Oh, these earthlings were so funny, so hilariously obtuse.

"Well, where is your God?"

Shano burst into laughter, unable to hold it in.

Carmichael was fuming.

"Just because you have not found God, does not mean he does not exist."

Hmm, very true. Shano thought this was a decent point. After all, he had only been to 326 nebulae in his lifetime pursuit for books.

"Fair enough. I still think it's hilarious. I mean, walking on water, winged creatures descending from above, snakes eating apples in gardens, old geezers sitting on clouds in the sky? Even for space it's weird, man."

Carmichael had already walked out, after angrily performing the sign of the cross.

Shano called out after him.

"Hey, you forgot your Bible!"

He peered at it with admiration.

"Gotta start on the movie adaptation."

————————————————————-

r/bluelizardK