"Gonna be late, gonna be late, gonna be late." Paul said, flooring the gas and going through the shadier part of the city. His daughter's play was going to start any minute and you can't have a play of Little Red Riding Hood without the Big Bad Wolf. He was focused intently on the road, flooring the gas as shots whizzed past his head. On the bright side, he was a man with foresight.

After the damned alien invasion last year when Steel Man decided to throw a nuke into an interdimensional portal and the year before where Ultra Guy just plowed through skyscrapers like paper mache, he decided to soup up his Humvee into a heavily armored personnel carrier. It had spatial forcefields that could shrug off a nuke, alloyed armor scavenged from superheroes and villains' power suits, and a recycling facility that could grow food and purify water from waste to feed 8 people. For power, it was generated by a small nuclear rod scavenged from Professor Destruction's mech suit that the police sold in an auction. It was a wonder why supervillains didn't think to commercialize their technology and become rich legally, but they were not known for common sense. 

As he drove, a trio of men in spandex flew in front of him, the three blasting all sorts of lasers, explosions, and blades while destroying the buildings in the area. He though to slow down for a brief moment to let them pass, only to see on his watch that he had 10 minutes until the play. He also noted that all three of them were notorious supervillains known for their resilience. They could take a hit. He flipped a switch, covering his license plates and dimming his windshield as he floored the gas. 

*Thunk*

*Thunk*

*Splort*

"That was not a good noise." Paul said, looking in his rearview mirror to find one of the supervillains squished like a bug and the other two on the ground bleeding out. They were both unconscious as the civilians that survived their gruesome battle left their homes, each of them carrying firearms, melee weapons, and whatever chemicals they could find in their cabinet. Paul did not look any further, continuing to drive to his daughter's school in the safer part of the city and ran inside. 

The play went perfectly and he was able to see his daughter act her heart out. Most of the parents were asleep, but he loved every moment of it. After the play he changed out of his wolf costume and tossed the itchy suit in his trunk, switching into a comfortable flannel shirt and jeans. From there, he drove his family and his daughter's little friends to Ben and Jerry's for ice cream. Life was good.

**************************

"Oh god, I'm freaking out. I'm freaking out." Steve said, his bat still bloody from the lynch mob that formed when the Big Three were knocked out by some guy in a car. At the time he saw only red and wanted them gone as did everyone else on the block. Now they were facing potential retribution from their heroic counterparts and the police. Villains or not, they still lynched three people in broad daylight. 

"Calm down." Micheal said.

"Calm down? Calm down? The fuzz are gonna be all over us! God, we gotta leave the country NOW." Steve said with a shiver. 

"They don't have shit on us." Micheal said. 

"We just joined a lynch mob and beat a man to death with a baseball bat and-"

"I talked to everyone. Nobody's going to talk. Those guys had it coming to them." 

"But what about the evidence? We still have the bloody bat!"

"Joe from the block over has a forge that can melt down all the weapons. As for blood they were fighting all across the city. Not too hard of a stretch to say they broke into our houses while bleeding." Micheal added. "And no cameras on the block. They were all destroyed in the fight. Nobody will suspect it was us." 

"And what do we tell the fuzz huh!? There are guys with the power to see through lies!" Steve said with a shudder.

"We tell them a half truth." Micheal said with a sly grin. "The three of them fought. A guy took them out using some really fancy tech. We don't know who it was. He didn't say anything and went on his way. The Big Three were violently mauled and beaten before being strung up like cattle. There was a lot of hatred and rage in the kills. We were scared for our lives." He said, heavily implying the random driver in a wolf costume had done the deed without outright saying it. Steve stared at him, fascinated by his friend's quick thinking. 

"Christ, you should be a supervillain." He said with a chuckle. 

"Nah." He said while shaking his head, grinning like a hyena as he spoke. "I'd hate to be a victim of the city's newest vigilante." He said as they shared a laugh.

*******************************************

"I'm Trisha Tanikawa here at the city block known commonly as the Meat Grinder around the world, where the bodies of Dread Lock, Fury Fist, and Evil Eye have been shot, stabbed, boiled with acid, and strung up by their necks. Reports from locals say that the three were fighting when a man appeared, defeating all three of them at the same time before ripping them apart and stringing them up. The scene is brutal, and we recommend children look away." She said on TV as Agent Mathews skimmed through camera footage of the city. Since the Big Three were not known for restraint, only a handful of cameras were intact. He was looking through everything before grinning as he found the sight of a man in a wolf mask driving away at roughly the time of the attack. He couldn't see their bodies, but the timeline suggested that he had just finished stringing up the trio after dumping sulfuric acid on their faces and murdering them in cold blood. 

"Looks like we've got ourselves a real protector." He said, glancing at the other heroes that abhorred such violence and destruction. The conventional heroes have never killed their enemies or showed a hatred as primal as this one. In fact, half of the city's heroes ended up dating their supervillains, getting betrayed, and having hundreds of people getting killed. 

"Mathews, what have you got?" Director Jensen asked as he glanced at his monitor. 

"A man in a wolf mask that correlates with reports. He's likely the one that defeated them." Mathews answered as Director Jensen chuckled at the terrifying wolf mask on screen. It was bestial, it was angry, and it was perfect for what was to come.

"Should we investigate further on who this man was?" Mathews asked. 

"No. In fact, delete ALL footage you have of the city of cars that look remotely like this and all footage of the past 24 hours. Hide him and do NOT investigate this man. Have Stevens take that photo and blur it up. Make it so we can only see the wolf mask." Director Jensen ordered. "Tomorrow, I will say that the FBI database has been hacked and fabricate a fake note and upload it into a lightly guarded database that'll be incredibly easy for people to hack into." He said.

"Why sir?" Mathews asked, watching his boss actively work to hide a potential fugitive.

"The Big Three were scum, but they kept crime under control with fear. Now that they're gone, every major and minor villain will fight for their territory. We need to make the public and the villains think there is a Big Bad Wolf huffing and puffing crime down." He answered.

"But there is a Big Bad Wolf running around. Why go through the trouble of all this?"

"The Big Three ruled with fear of pain and retribution. I want this Wolf to control this city with the fear of the unknown. He showed up, killed everyone, and left without declaring himself the new king of the hill. That is scary as hell." Director Jensen said. "If the FBI has no idea who he is, what he is, or how he took down 3 major villains, it'll make villains scared of him more than the Big Three. The few that do have the balls to act will be taken out by the heroes." He explained as Mathews sighed. 

"Propaganda, deception, and covert operations. If you could see yourself right now, you'd think you were a supervillain." He said. 

"You say supervillain, I say morally gray. Now get to work. I need to write a false report for the media to steal and leak."

"Yes sir."

***************

"This is horrifying." Technos said, reading through the crime report they had hacked from the FBI. Based on the autopsy, eyewitness reports, and all other intel he could steal from them, there was a new heavy hitter in the city. And he had just taken out all three of the city's biggest crime lords at the same time. 

"What do you know about the Wolf?" Gut Feeling asked, watching his colleague shiver. 

"FBI database was hacked. All CCTV footage for the past 24 hours was deleted, but they're covering it up. The only thing that was left was a note signed Big Bad Wolf." He answered, pulling up the note for everyone to see. It was written in red and, according to the FBI's reports, was written with the blood of the Big Three. It was a simple short note warning the FBI to keep their nose out of this along with the names and locations of major FBI personnel and their families. If they acted or let his existence get leaked, he would kill every single one of those people like he did to the Big Three. 

"Oh my god." Ice Woman said.

"Maybe he's a vigilante like us." Mockingbird offered up. 

"This was a power play. He's hunting down his competition and trying to seize control of the city." Ronin said.

"He took out the Big Three."

"Yes, and he executed them as painfully as possible. The coroner said that they had their faces melted off with acid, their fingers, teeth, and toes removed, and died in agonizing pain. The only people who do that are drug lords asserting dominance on their rivals." Gray Skull said. 

"Declare this an emergency. Everyone, look for the Big Bad Wolf before he strikes again." Justice Lord said, dismissing everyone.