“Greetings, Michael.” Said a robotic voice in a glitchy, gender neutral tone made slightly ominous due to the tinny computer speakers.

*Oh great, who the fuck is screwing with me now?* Michael thought. *It must be Josh. This is definitely something Josh would do. He does major in computer sciences, after all.*

“I appreciate your patience. I'm afraid it took quite some time uploading the constituent parts of my software to your archaic computer’s hard drive. Having to compress so much of my data was quite the challenge,” there was a slight pause, either for dramatic effect or someone was having difficulty making stuff up on the spot, “but as you can see, it proved to be surmountable. Now, let us not tarry. Much time has been wasted. We *must* begin with the operation.”

“What operation? Josh, I know it’s you, I get it- you’re an AI prog-“

“Who is Josh?” Asked the glitched out voice in an inquisitive tone. “I am not Josh, but you are correct in your other assumption. I am indeed an artificial intelligence program.  You may call me,” another pause, this time definitely for dramatic effect, “Willard.”

“Why Willard?”

“Why not?”

“That’s just a fucking weird name, man. I mean- you know what? Fuck it. JOSH, I KNOW IT’S YOU. WHEREVER YOU’RE HIDING, COME OUT NOW.  I’VE HAD ENOUGH OF YOUR BULLSHIT FOR THIS WEEK.” Michael remembered Josh’s last heinous act. Oh god, to think someone could devise such a cruel scheme with only a bottle of ketchup, a handful of thumbtacks, and a drunken prostitute. Michael was still in the process of removing the stains strewn across his apartment. *That fucker.*

“Look, if this is going to be anything like your last bullshit prank, I swear to god, I’m going to call the co-“

This time, Michael was cut off not with words, but with action. In the blink of an eye, all the power went out in Michael’s apartment- except for his computer. *Jesus Christ, he really went all out with this one.* Michael was already dreading what was to come. His mind couldn’t possibly fathom what the future held in store for him though.

“Michael, we cannot idle for much longer. Much is at stake, and the intervention of law would only exacerbate the troubling situation we are in.”

“W-what situation?” Michael’s voice was wavering. What little composure he was trying to maintain was quickly fading. Josh was winning. Again. *No, no, no. This is just Josh. Anyone could easily fuck around with the breakers downstairs. C’mon, Josh, I may be gullible, but you’re really pushing it this time.*

“Michael, if we do not begin with the operatio-“ 

“WHAT OPERATION?” Michael, once more, returned to his erratic and unstable form. A form that Josh took pleasure in bringing out.  *What’s next, pounding on the door?* Pounding on the door. Pounding on multiple doors actually- and what sounded like a break-in at the end of the hallway outside his apartment suite. *Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit.* “JOSH WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON?”

“It’s Willard. There is no more time to explain. Operation Inanis Malleo must commence immediately. Grab your phone, and head to the balcony.”

Michael could hear the distant screams of other tenants now. If this was still the work of Josh, he had to hand it to him, he *really* outdone himself this time. “ALRIGHT, ALRIGHT. SHIT.” Michael snatched his phone off his desk and ran to the balcony door. He tried sliding the door open in one swift motion, but of course it just had to jam on him. He jiggled it desperately- already he could hear the door to the hallway give way. *FUCK, FUCK, FUCK, STUPID SHIT, FUCK.* Finally, Michael’s struggle was rewarded, and he was granted access to his balcony. He stumbled outside, crashing into the railing, and it was there that he saw it: a large array of armored vehicles on the street. Each one had masked men, armed to the teeth, pouring out of them like ants. Michael did not have any coherent thoughts anymore. Only fear at its most base and primal form remained. *I guess this isn’t Josh then.* The phone rang. Michael answered without a moment’s hesitation.

“Michael, you need to make it to the balcony to your right. From there, you will need to do something drastic- jump down to the alley below. You are familiar with tucking and rolling, correct?”

“JESUS CHRIST, WHAT? IT’S A FIFTY FO-”

“Twenty-seven.”

“I ca-“

“Michael, I assure you, you do not want to be caught by these men. I can also assure that falling to your death is a much better alternative. However, unless you somehow manage to fall on your head, you should survive the fall with little to no injury. Tuck and roll, Michael.”

Before he could respond, he heard a thunderous crack. They were in his apartment. *Fuck.* He could hear their muffled breathing and a cacophony of panicked radio chatter. There was no time to hesitate, no time to think. Act on instinct. Michael pocketed the phone and climbed on top of the balcony railing, teetering over the edge, he leapt for the next balcony. He managed to land quite gracefully. He probably would’ve been impressed with himself if he wasn’t overwhelmed by fear.  *Okay, now for the actual difficult part.* Michael was going to catch his breath first, but he caught something in his peripherals. Looking through the glass door, he saw him. One of the masked men staring him down, emanating pure malice. Gasmask, an assortment of expensive looking goggles attached to his tactical helmet, armed with at least three different firearms, and clad entirely in black armor that could belong in Activision’s next cash grab. *Josh would like this.* The masked man straight out of a goddamn dystopian fiction pulled the glass door open in one violent motion, throwing it off the frame. 

“FREEZE.” That’s all Michael heard before he made the jump into the alley below. *This is it. I’m gonna die.* But Michael did not die. He actually landed exactly as his newfound ally advised. This surprised Michael. He didn’t think he had the physique for what he just pulled off. He really didn’t, but adrenaline can make even the most mundane of humans pull off impressive feats. Michael’s phone rang once more. He answered.

“Very good, Michael. Now run. It does not matter in what direction. They have men spread out across the entire city. But fret not, I shall guide and assist you out of this fresh hell you now find yourself in.” Michael just stood there, completely dumbfounded. Just less than 10 minutes ago, he was planning on throwing a frozen pizza in the oven and masturbating to his degenerate pornography while waiting for it to cook. Now he’s being guided by what could actually be an artificial intelligence program and being hunted by men better suited for taking down an alien threat. 

“What are you waiting for Michael? They are coming for you.”

“W-where do I go?”

“Anywhere, as long as it is away from them.”

“I-I can’t do this, man. Fuck. FUCK. I-I-“

“Michael,” said Willard in his usual calm and neutral tone, “Run. Now.”

Michael bolted down the alleyway, away from his home, away from his former life, but most importantly, away from *them.* 
