A butterfly lands on a bloodstained flower; the deep red nectar tastes sweet, but full of iron. 

The God's mind wandered. How long had it been since he had tasted that sweet nectar? He left the butterfly then, stopped sensing the world through its soul and the mighty beats of its wings. Like other Gods he dreamt of prayers, dreamt of sacrifices and cooked meats upon pyres. He missed the incense and the chanting, the devotion and dancing. 

What he did not miss was the fear. The fear of the future amongst his followers; their anguish and trepidation. Gods lived vicariously through their people. And when they were gone, they became dust in the wind; constant drifters. 

Muffled footsteps echoed in the distance. The God's mind retyrned to the butterfly, and he bid it onward. Birds and rats scrambled clear, dimly aware that they should be elsewhere. Beating its mighty wings, the Butterfly took off from the flower and alighted on a streetlamp. The light warmed it and dispelled the dark alleyway below. 

"Help!" called out the voiceless, a small human child and her puppy as she scrambled forward. The sweet red nectar drained from her leg. Her breath was shallow, and her heart beating rapidly with all its strength. "Must... run."

She collapsed there, a large wolf crept behind her. Its teeth ran red and its eyes showed hunger. The streets, such as they were, deserted. It was nightime; the townsfolk were asleep. And the wolf, very much awake. 

The puppy stood between the girl and the wolf, his tail erect and teeth bared. It was no match for this wolf, barely larger than its mouth really. But, the girl was its friend, and it could not standby and do nothing. 

"Mary," the puppy thought. "I'm sorry." Its brown fur was soft from pampering, but may as well have shown as steel for the bravery in its heart. 

The God left the butterfly then abd alighted upon the puppy. He was keen to observe, and to bask in the blood. 

"And what are you?" Asked the wolf to the puppy, his black eyes fierce abd wild. "Such a might creature before me. Why, you must be Cerberus himself!" He licked his lips, drool falling onto the earth like so many libations. 

"Better that I were Fenrir," thought the puppy, "then I could save Mary." He stayed his ground, and barked. It sounded like a roar to the puppy, but did not echo so far as he had hoped. 

Yet, it had fallen on the right ears. The God drew in the light of the streetlamps, and carved fur of hard-light around the puppy. His fur showed forth like the Sun, his eyes a deep blue and filled with rage. Above the puppy towered and angry diety, desiring of sacrifice. The wolf shrank back in terror, and Fenrir howled. 

The townsfolk awoke and grabbed their pitchforks and torches.  They rushed outside and found the girl, only to see a wolf backed into a corner by a small dog. The puppy fiercely barked and bared its teeth, then the humans plunged their weapons into the wolf, ending its life. The blood etched into the cobblestones, and the God drank deep of the sacrifice. 

It returned to the butterfly, and landed upon the puppy's nose. The little girl's hand reached to scratch behind its ears, and she smiled.