"And we're back with tonight's top story, *The Reading of the Pillar*. We're all very excited to hear a message directly from the Dusklands, isn't that right Diane?"

"It certainly is Tom. We're also looking forward into a fascinating glimpse into our own past. Our field correspondent is on the scene with Dr. Graham, one of the leaders on this project."

The correspondent came on screen, with a practiced smile and easy non-regional dialect. "I'm here with Dr. Alan G. Graham. Dr. Graham is the head of anthropology at the University of the 39th Parallel, and he has worked his whole life to win the honor of heading up the Reading of the Pillar. Dr. Graham, we all learned about the pillar in high school, but could you explain it to us again, as a refresher?"

Dr. Graham looked exactly like a man who knows he's having the greatest day of his life. "It was on this date 1000 years ago that King Ahyuasca commissioned the construction of the Pillar, a 200 foot tall obelisk with the history of the Dawnlands exquisitely depicted on the side facing away from the sun. He hoped to sow good relations with our Brothers at Dusk. 500 years ago, the obelisk entered into the Dusklands. Today, it is our hope that, as the obelisk returns to the Dawn, it bears a message from them."

"Fascinating. What do you and the rest of the anthropologists at U39 expect to be on the obelisk?"

"We are really excited to find out. It is well known what wonders the Dusklanders are capable of. Every advancement of the last two hundred years has been thanks to the incredible artifacts from the Dusklands. From rockets to radio to rifles, it is very obvious that the Dusklanders' society must be incredibly advanced to say the least. They built the incredible mines and machines that make our way of life possible. I for one am very excited to see what such a wondrous culture has to say to us."

"I am too. Now, we take you live to our eye in the sky as the obelisk is coming into the habitible zone." Suddenly the feed cut from the correspondent to a flying camera. The camera scanned the horizon, until it centered on a small object coming into the sunlight far off in the distance. The camera flew in for a closer look. "Dr. Graham, can you explain to us what you see here?"

"Yes, the obelisk seems to be mostly smooth and untouched. That doesn't surprise me, I didn't expect the Dusklanders to choose a medium as barbaric as carved stone for their message to us. There seems to be some sort of device attached to the obelisk, a small metal sphere with what appears to be a timer. And the timer has only seconds left! How impressive, the Dusklanders knew exactly when it would get here. I wonder what happens whe-"
