I arrived like anyone would arrive.
A small dose of confusion, a vague sequence of flashbacks to a less than satisfactory life, and a recognition it was far hotter than normal. 

I began to sweat almost immediately. 

Looking around me, what I saw was almost beautiful in its apocalyptic appearance. Large caverns stretching into empty dark nothingness. Canyons into what could only be described as churning blood below. My feet seemed to walk on their own accord as I wandered further into the catacombs. Despite the sweltering heat, the walls were cool to the touch. Even the air was crisp and breathable. It almost seemed as if the heat were coming from a fever, the more I traversed the tunnels. 

As I went, I realized I was descending. The thick maroon waterways rising closer to me each time I reached an open space. 

The memories were coming more frequently, at greater length now. A small apartment came into view, liquor bottles and cockroaches were everywhere. There were flashes of a woman's angry eyes, then tears. There was a numbness to my left arm and a slowness of breath. Then the sound of a belt coming undone. Flashing red and blue lights filling the frost covered windows, then nothing. 

It could have been a bad dream, still, I think I always knew where I was. 

Finally, when I shook off the fog of a past life, I found myself walking through an opening to a vast space. As I scanned the rubble, I realized there were streets and buildings, chains busted from the doors, fire licking up from floating streetlamps. In the far distance statues carved to resemble gargoyles and giants, angels and serpents. It all seemed to be reminiscent of a labyrinth, taking me to the once beating heart of a parched, dark Atlantis. 

Her final words started ringing in my ears
"You promised me you'd be different, look at the mess You've made. You swore when you got back, things would change."

Then I saw him, well no. I guess I heard him. 

As I was passing the last of the winding brick and stucco walls, a soft weeping melody, in A minor. 

I descended into the basin of a large square and there he was. Leaning against a sand filled fountain in the center. Not what I imagined. No horns to speak of, no tail either. The only sense I was meeting something other worldly was the strange thin air surrounding us, and a hint of eery calm to it all. When he heard my footsteps he lifted his head, not breaking melody and opened his eyes. One red, one blue, both tearful. As I reached the bottom of the staircase, he stood straight, and breathed his last note into the instrument. It came out a somber baritone.

He smiled. 

"I've been waiting, praying for you for an eternity."

As soon as that, he vanished, just like fog in the sunlight. 

I could feel a sudden heaviness in my pocket. 

Reaching down, I pulled out a small silver harmonica. I walked over to the fountain, leaned my back against it, took up a C note, and I've been here ever since. Just been here, waiting for you to come. 

I'll see you soon. 
