Circle Left…Circle. Left.  That bastard had known, *friggin' known*, what was going to happen. He saw those damned monsters, and sent me over. Of course I had been careful, but I was out numbered.

"Gabby!", I could hear him, a false pain in his voice, "No!". His voice trailed as he booked it for the camp. 

Joke was on him, I managed to get free… Mostly. At some point one of those vile crawling creatures managed to get me through my old tattered jeans. I always thought it would hurt… To be bit by one of those things, but really, after the initial bite, there was no pain. In fact, most of the pains from my left leg were gone.

I made my way back towards the encampment. I was gonna beat that jackass as much as I could before I got too far gone.

By the time I got near the outer edges of our camp I wasn't feeling much of anything from below my armpits, and my senses seemed to be failing a bit. The pungent smell of the flowers Jake had planted smelled more like the memory of a scent, the clucking of the chickens, mooing of the cows… It all sounded like I was listening through cotton wads. 

Bonnie was waiving her hands and jumping by the gate, her words were a buzz, but other joined her and came out to get me.

I coughed hard, but I don't remember needing to cough, but I also didn't remember the rest of the trek being supported by the noisy buzzing people I knew.

Then there ones I didn't know. People in white and… Maybe it was yellow, body suits? Colors were getting hard to see, and everything was taking a blurry light to it.

Some of the buzzing words made it through… *Vaccine… no cure yet…. Kyle said…. We're saved… Cities…*

The buzzy name of that traitor caused me to convulse forward. Deep and gurgling, his name growled out of me. A few people looked at me with pity, whispering to each other.

I could make him out, barely as I could, at the edge of my vision. His voice buzzed through clearer than the others, *"She's suffering, we should show her mercy."*

My everything hated him, He caused this. I could have been saved. We could have been saved and never seen one another again, but no…

With the rest of what I could of the human I had been, I pointed at him and gurgled out, "Circle. Left."



this is my first piece of actual writing in a long time, sorry for the mistakes and grammar
*Edit, a word*