“Just talk to me.” 

“I can’t.” 
    
“Why not?” 
   
“Are you really going to make me say, ‘because you’re a squirrel?’” 
    
“I’ve seen you talk to your dog on multiple occasions.” 
    
“That’s different.” 
    
“It doesn’t have to be. I can listen, too.” 

He was quiet for a long time after that. So I stayed silent. Evening turned to night, and in the darkness, I could see a faint silhouette of his face. He had finally stopped crying, softly swaying back and forth. Dried tears stained his cheeks, and the smell of salt and whiskey filled my lungs with every breath. 

“You can’t keep doing this,” I said.  

“Thought you were here to listen.” 
 
“I’m here because I owe you my life. And I’m repaying that debt by helping you get back yours. I owe you that much” 

“Why? Why do you owe me? I keep telling you, I was drunk that night. I didn’t swerve to avoid hitting you, I passed out behind the wheel. It was blind luck I woke up when I saw you sitting in the middle of the road. If I swerved, it was instinct. Nothing more than that.” 

Then a small rectangle of light burst through the darkness. I heard his breath catch violently in this throat. He gripped the branch he was holding harder and leaned forward, staring hungrily into the light as if he were a dying ship lost at sea and the light was the first beacon of hope he’d seen in months. The light was his final prayer, and he was losing himself to it. Soon there would be no coming back. 

“Look all you want. What you’re looking at is her life. Her life without you. Her life with a new fiance, a new apartment, and fresh, shiny new restraining order. And hey, you know why she has that last one?” 

“Shut the fuck up!” 

He swung furiously at me and nearly fell out of the tree. I maneuvered effortlessly to a higher branch and continued the offensive.   

“For Christ’s sake, look at yourself. Take your eyes off the past for one second and look at yourself. 

He didn’t take his eyes off the light. It was his beacon of hope, emanating from inside a studio apartment, where the best 3 years of his life was just getting home from work. He watched as she threw her bag on the couch and stripped off her jacket. His eyes followed every button. He remembered that jacket. The way it felt. The way he would lift the collar high around her neck during their walks together in the wintertime. A sudden surge of regret hit him like a tidal wave, drowning him in wretched shame. His eyes shut tight and his hands grabbed frantically at his skull, clawing desperately into his mind to rip apart the one memory, the one mistake, the one moment of anger and poor judgement he could never take back. The moment where the light stopped shining, and everything in his life went black. 

Usually, he could make the memories stop. He would stare hard enough through the window, and see her as she is now. He would gaze upon her un-bruised face, her un-broken arm, and her un-bloodied lip, and the storm would eventually dissipate. But today he couldn’t. Why? What was happening? He couldn’t be sure. The talking squirrel was clearly part of his imagination, yet he couldn’t stop thinking about what it had said. The squirrel was right; this had to stop. 

He stepped out of the shelter he’d built over the course of a year and looked straight into the storm. The darkness began to envelope his mind, and the light from the window grew dimmer. He would stand tall. This time, he wouldn’t let the storm change course. This time he’d fight it, and if it killed him, he understood why. 

Suddenly, it all went dark. All he could hear her was her crying. There was nothing else. Just an endless sea of black, filled with her tears. He could let it end here. Take one final breath, and lower himself into the black sea for the final time. But then the squirrel’s words came back. And he opened his eyes to take one last look at himself. 

In the distance, he saw a light burst through the darkness. It was faint, almost invisible, but stable. He reached for it, but couldn’t get closer. The more he reached, the further it pushed away. Eventually he stopped. He stopped at stared at the light, and it was as if his eyes were finally adjusting to the darkness. Suddenly, he knew. The beacon in the distance wasn’t meant for him. That light wasn’t the end of darkness for him, it was the first hope of light that was finally coming back for her. It was her light, and no matter what he did, he would never know what it feels like again. And right as his waters of black sea reached his head, his feet touched solid ground. 

He blinked and found himself on the tree. I watched him come back. He looked up and saw me still perched on the branch above him. I shimmied down and perched myself on his knee. I stood up, stared him in the eyes, and spoke with honest compassion. 

“You fucked up. But you’re not dead yet.” 

He stared back at me, never blinking. There was no form of acknowledgment, but I knew he’d seen something. Something had clicked. Maybe not forever, but long enough to prepare for the next storm. I watched as he reached into his pocket. He pulled out a bag of almonds and poured out a handful. He presented his hand to me. I hesitated for moment. But just for a moment. I grabbed as many almonds as I could and leaped off the tree, and we both headed home without looking back.
