The first time I met her I thought nothing of it. Car crash killing a bystander with a shrapnel shard isn't uncommon. She was not unusual in how she didn't seem phased. The depressive youth often aren't when they pass. But no reaper expects to see a face twice. So when the next day she was struck by lightning I was somewhat surprised but disfigured as she was I could have been mistaken. The third time her name arose in my ledger I made sure to check.

"No not a twin." She smiled and began wiping the blood from her hands onto her dress. "I have a brother and sister though but they're both alive. And uh, they don't live round these parts."
"Then you are in fact the only Ruby Delavine?" I frown, something was amiss.
"Uh..." She pauses as if contemplating her answer. "I guess someone else could have my name but I'm the only me that is me if you catch my drift?"
"This is your third death in as many days."
"True, true." She shrugs, "guess I just got lucky and got to go home. Clerical errors must happen right?"
"Your first death was by a severed spinal cord, second by lightning and now by twenty eight stab wounds to the neck chest and legs. Clerical errors cannot happen to confirmed desceased."
"Strange. I guess I'll see you around." She winks at me but I ignore it.
"You won't." I say as I lead her away. "The dead stay dead."

Or so I thought.

Every once in a while she will die and walk her merry way back out again. Sometimes only once a week, sometimes more, even multiple times a day she will die. Sometimes horribly sometimes peacefully. In the past few months I've seen almost every kind of death on record from lethal radiation exposure, heart failures, multiple counts of murder through various means, dozens of deadly diseases, the list goes on and on. This woman will not stay dead. I don't complain exactly; it's nice to talk to someone who isn't dead or another reaper so I've kept my mouth shut. Speaking out could get her soul destroyed and I've come to think somewhat kindly of her.

"You know it was nice all he did was try to eat me." She says as she nudges her corpse with her foot. 
"I thought cannibalism was frowned upon?" I ask as I put away my scythe.
"Yeah but he could have done way worse." She laughs as she turns to me, "Like honestly I was expecting something like kidnapping or rape when he charged up like that screaming about how perfect I was."
"Miss Delavine you perplex me. But it is time to escort you to the beyond. You know you must not linger."
"Surely you can have a little leeway for a regular?"
"There are no regulars. Only a single anomaly. Come now. Hell awaits."
"Except of course it doesn't." She rolls her eyes and begins to follow me. The world around us fading. "You know I'll be here again shortly so why bother?"
"I cannot shirk my duties."
"Not even a little?"
"Not even a little."
"Shame. I wanted to hang around a little longer this time. I was getting used to having that life"
"Pardon?" I stop suddenly. What did she mean that life?
"Haven't you worked it out?"
"What do you mean worked it out?"
"Seriously? You turn up globally for me. I'm never in the same place long I die randomly from random shit and you haven't noticed?" Now that she mentioned it her deaths had often been bizzaire. A few instances of sudden aggressive late stage cancers, a cystic fibrosis related death, around a dozen diabetic deaths...
"Why do you think I get taken to hell?" She asked with a sigh.
"Same reason as everyone else. Your life was sinful and so you go there to repent in order to enter heaven."
"Nah." She gives a bitter laugh, "this lil' lady has a deal with the devil."
"I beg your pardon?"
"I'm friends with Lucifer. Or more specifically my mum was and me by proxy."
"What?"
"Oh would you look at the time." She begins walking downwards towards hell , "I'm going to be late for dinner, Luci can't stand it when people miss meals, seya!"