"What are thek little nozzles in thek ceiling for?" the mandibles giving the insectoid's speech a unique clicking quality.

"Oh, that's for the water," replies the human offhandedly.

"Youk drink from them?"

"Oh course not! That's to put out the fires if they occur."

Suddenly Kryaxis starts rapidly clicking and pointing at the nozzle, his fellow insectoid replying in their rapid clicking speech. Kira is standing awkwardly, not quite sure what to do for the minute while the cacophony is going on. Finally the aliens calm down.

"Youk feed thek rare and precious water intok thek all consuming flame! Why?" Kryaxis angrily shouts.

Kira takes a step back, the question taking her off guard, but rapidly composes herself. "To put out the fire of course."

At this point Kira remembers that the insectoids come from a dry desert world, where water is only gained from metabolic processes, and without access to the vast oceans of a terran planet like Earth.

"Anyways, we can just recoup the steam from the environmental vents after the fire is gone out."

At this point the insects are just staring at Kira, compound eyes bugging out of their exoskeleton more than usual, their chitinous nostrils flaring slightly as they breath in anger. Kira is getting more nervous by the second, both from a potential intergalactic incident and for her life.

Attempting to defuse the situation she hesitantly asks, "W-what do you do?"

As if on cue the insectoids calm down and Kryaxis speaks, "Well, thek sensible thing of course. Wek vent thek contents of thek affected areak tok space. No fuel. No fire."

Kira stands there, dumbstruck with disbelief. Kryaxis stares at her, a look of alien smugness on his mandibles.

"But what of your people that might be trapped?" Kira blurts out.

Kryaxis looks confused at this remark, "Well, wek breed more of course."

Kira is again stunned, trying to fathom the gulf of culture between the two civilisations. Insectoids were just so ready to throw lives away over something as trivial as a fire. Automated fire suppression systems were a vehicle staple long before humans even made it out of the solar system. Kira, as ambassador to the Insectoid people has to think fast, the insectoid impatience was legendary among the few races the humans had already met. Then she grins.

"How about, we trade you a million cubic microns of water, and you can see how our fire suppression systems work, and for the low price of only a hundred microns of uranium."

Kryaxis suddenly rears back in shock, mad clicking noises coming from his companions. "Youk liek! That is more water than has ever been in one place! Explain this betrayal!"

Kira's grin widens, "Oh, this is no betrayal, scan our storage holds if you wish proof. My offer is as solid at titanium and I await your response. Thank you for your hospitality."

Kira bows very politely with her arms crossed to her insectoid hosts, careful to follow their odd customs, while their click-filled discussion decays into chaos. As she turns to return to her vessel her grin finally vanishes. High quality uranium fuel for a few thousand gallons of water. This was going to be far easier than she expected!