I sipped my tea, hand slightly shaking. "So umm..are you gonna use this on me then?"    
    
"Heavens no! Your tea is fantastic and so are you. Sometimes I do believe that I can convince people to come with me. Hell, you're already dead right now," replied the Reaper.  "The WorldEnder, or as I like to call it, Wendy, is much more convincing as a prop than anything else. My old bones ache to give it up, set it aside, and make sure it never has to be used with such force ever again."  

  

"So," I asked, "what exactly does..um..Wendy do?" I reached for another cookie, feeling my soul move as my children and family weep around my body, saying that life for me was too short and that I deserved to live longer.  

  

"Well, other than destroy the souls it touches and feels empowered by bloodlust and the idea of eternal suffering, she loves long rides across different dimensions with the hot winds of time traveling through her blade." The reaper clicked his teeth in a surprisingly pleasant manner, fondly looking at her. "She does nag sometimes when I stay too long somewhere, always needing to stay on the move or devouring some damned soul."  

  

"Can I hold her on the way then? I guess we can move as soon as I hear my wife say the magic words."  

  

"Definitely not! Whoever touches her becomes the new R-"  

  

The blade started shaking violently, turning a shade of black that was darker than my body's future and resting grounds combined.  The whole room fell more silent, as if feeling oppressed by some invisible force, and everyone shivered.

  

"Whoops," said the reaper, "I uhh said too much, we have to go now." He set the tea aside, the wails resuming the more regular volume and stood up to his full height.  

  

"My wife! She still hasn't said the words!" I replied, not wanting to get up. Her wailing was becoming stronger now, her old hands holding onto mine, begging me to come back.  

  

The reaper turned to me, eye sockets much much darker than before. "We shall go." He held the WorldEnder and prepared to strike me down. My wife's screams reached a crescendo.  Then silence.

  

I saw the scythe light up, enveloped in more darkness than before, as if ready to finally feast once more. I braced myself, bending down on my knees.  

  

"You cannot escape, my aim is perfect and my crest is true." He swung with both hands, much faster than I could see.  

  

I jumped at him.  

  

He stumbled.  

  

My hands pushed at his chest, holding onto the scythe, and pulling it under my arm. The swing carried on towards his chest, hitting him square in the spot where his heart was.  

  

His world, ended.  

  

I stood up, holding the scythe in my hands. I felt its power radiating in my hands, ready to do its new master's bidding.  

  

"I had it under control, honey," I said.  

  

"Oh don't be silly," she replied. "I had to follow you here somehow and I was not about to watch you fight for SUCH a long time. You've always loved drama and I wanted to cut the chase."  

  

Shouldering the scythe, I gave her the cloak that the reaper wore, and it fashioned itself around her. "Now that we're here, how about we rewrite some of the horrors of Halloween once more?"  

  

She smiled, looking down at her now dead body, lying with her head on my chest. "I did not research necromancy all my life so we could go trick or treating through our new life. This world needs a new god or two."  

  With that, we went to change the world and create a new beginning from the end.  

  

\-----  

Thanks for reading! Any comments/criticism is always appreciated!