There it goes. The last one. Into the last frontier there is.... 

It first started as a giggle... like a school girl who just talked to her crush. Then it turned into a chuckle. I tried to quell it before anyone took notice, but there was no use. The chuckle was now all out laughter. Near hysterical. I fell to the floor and let the tears fall down my cheeks as I waved off the last ship. Of course, those bourgeois f\*cks just thought that I would miss them. Like anyone really would miss their money-hoarding asses. Please. They never funded my research. Why would I care? 

I laughed. And laughed. And laughed. 

Azumi was the first to take a good look at me, on the floor laughing. She looked at me as if I had sprouted two heads. 

"Dr. Tyur... are you... alright?" She sounded dumbfounded as I tried to keep a steady gaze on her, her thick-rimmed glasses hanging on the tip of her nose. 

I kept laughing 

"Come, Doctor. We're needed in the last ship out," she stated in that voice she used on the press: the mock calm. That calm where you know something is wrong, and they're trying their best not to lose it. 

I said between chortles, "Azumi," I breathed. "Azumi, the sun's not really going to go supernova." I continued to laugh. My stomach started to hurt. 

"I beg your pardon?" she asked in disbelief. 

"The sun... it's not really going to... go supernova!" I shrieked the last word as I fell over myself again. 

She just stood there, her eyes wide and barely breathing. I managed to regain some form of composure and stand up to face her, still giggling as I rose from the floor. She was still as a statue but her eyes searched me for the truth. I could see anger bubbling under the surface, her fear now turning to rage.

"And no one... bothered... to tell me?!" Her words bit the air with a harsh crack. Her hands turned into rigid claws. 

I tried to stop giggling. "Azumi, please don't be offended. You're the one that people would have believed the most -- and, my student, it worked!" I rushed to pick her up and spin her around in my arms. "It worked! I can't believe it worked!"

She thrust herself out of my grasp and stared me down over her glasses. Her glare intensified with every passing moment, and that alone should have killed my laughter. It should have killed even a twinkle of a smile. 

But it didn't.  

I don't think I would ever stop laughing.   
