Death didn't like to be in his office when it was being cleaned. Being around mortals made him uncomfortable. Guilt, you'd probably call it. But tomorrow was going to be a busy day. Tsunami. He had to get the hourglasses ready and organised in advance if he was going to get the job done.

So it was one of the rare times he was in the office when the cleaner came. He hated when it happened. The mutual discomfort always led to him having to find a new cleaner. 

"Ah, hello, ah, Mr Reaper, sir" said the cleaner, startled.

Death wanted to saying something reassuring and friendly, but he didn't know how. Experience told him that, "No need for Mr Reaper, call me Grim," seemed to have he opposite effect.

And now the silence had gone on too long. He grunted and nodded. Great, now he was going to seem like he was too good to speak to her.

"I, ah, can come back later. If you'd prefer."

"No," he blurred. I'm the Angel of Death, I need to be more confident around them. "No, it needs to be done. I don't want to put you out."

If she was dead it'd be different. He dealt with the dead constantly. No guilt there. No discomfort

And he was used to how they reacted.

Some refused to believe him, but usually showing them their own body fixed that.

Some blamed him, were angry at him, but really, those were the ones who deep down knew they were to blame for their own death. You just had to let them vent.

Some thought they could make some sort of deal. A deal with death. They always ended up demanding to see a manager and he just sent them on to the next stage promising some there would help.

Some were sad for their friends and family, for what they'd lost. For them Death tried to be a friendly, comforting face. But he wasn't. He tried, but he knew he wasn't.

Then there were those who just accepted it. For some reason those were the ones who upset him the most. What had happened in their life that they were already ready. In the beginning, he'd tried looking into it. There were many reasons, age, disease, abuse, depression. The stories made him feel worse so he stopped.

But living humans were different. You never knew how they'd act. One thing they always had though was that look. Like *he* was going to kill them. And hence the guilt. Couldn't wasn't going to kill them. No kill them, kill them. Just be there when it happened.

A dead cleaner that would be great. No guilt there. No accusation in their eyes. But being unable to lift a broom would make them fairly ineffective at the job.

He noticed silence again. Death felt the needed to fill the it, "Could you be sure to give under the desk a good clean?"

A sudden look of horror flashed in the cleaner's eyes. It took him a moment to understand why. To clean under the desk she'd have to turn her back to him. To bend a little to get the broom under there. He could reach out and take her life, suddenly, while her back was turned, when she was focused on the job. They never understood it didn't work like that.

"I'll just be over here," he said, moving across the room to make her more comfortable.

It didn't work. She watched him the entire time, bending the least possible to get the broom under the desk.

Suddenly, there was a tink sound and something rolled out. A dusty old hourglass.

The cleaner froze.

Death walked over to the hourglass and looked down at it. He read the name to himself.

"I can explain," the cleaner said. She seemed truly horrified by the repercussions of this lost hour glass.

"Explain what?" he asked, his foot tapping the hourglass so it rolled back under the desk.

The horror disappeared from her face. And the accusation disappeared from her eye. A mortal who didn't think he would kill her. A mortal he didn't need to feel uncomfortable around. She was going to have this job for a very long time.