-Outside In-

At breakfast I heard the blue-haired ones wanting some blood. The smell of my toast went from good to too sweet after that. The inside of my nose was runny then. I sat down to watch some television. I don’t work. The sounds outside went from springtime sounds to groaning trucks and wind gusts.

I watched Mezille’s Place. I used my bathroom and I washed my hands. The green boredom one started to hum songs. The colors outside never come in because the glass atoms block them and then make copies out the other side into the house. I had to go outside to really see the colors outside. I went outside.

I went from my front door to my tree in the front lawn. There was a squirrel in the tree cracking a loud acorn. It was time to go for a walk. I closed the door after I went back to it and then walked away from my house. I was going to walk to the store where my friend Abraham works to get a chocolate bar.

I walked past my neighbor’s house. He is probably not inside. My neighbor works. I don’t remember when I put on my shoes after watching Mezille’s Place. My shoes are very expensive Nikes. I bought my shoes after watching an athlete run in the same shoes on television. The shoes have the sizes printed on the inside near the back where it is visible from the hole where the ankle goes.

The sounds outside were still still. I heard the car door shut on a car down another street. I couldn’t see far enough to see the car I heard. The green one thinks about what kind of car would make that sound when you shut it. He tells me to think about it too. It was a deep sound, resonant, like the pluck of a cello. It was firm like a handshake and echoed thick like splashing milk--the deft confidence of the driver who, turning to watch his passengers close their doors meekly, shuts his with vigor. This man drives a Cadillac. If there was a jingle of his keys afterward I would not be able to hear it. I did not hear it.

I crouched to pick up a greenish penny that was on the road. I had to reach down lower to the road than the sidewalk I was crouching on. I leaned forward onto my left hand on the road. I pushed on the road to move myself back. I went from crouching to standing too fast. I was dizzy and then I kept walking on the sidewalk. My nose was still wet and too sweet. I thought about smelling the penny I had picked up from the road. I smelled the penny. The toast smell went back to being good for a second. I was still breathing it from in my stomach from when I ate it. It went back to sweet soon.

There is a billboard that I do not like. I see it when I walk to the store where my friend Abraham works. There is a man on the billboard whose arm goes from the bottom of the billboard to the right to a woman’s mouth where he’s feeding her a chocolate. There was a crumb of toast in my teeth and I spit it out. I walked faster toward the man. I do not look at the woman and I do not want to look at the woman and I walk fast toward the man and he gets bigger and higher up when I go under. I walk past underneath and the purple screamer stops screaming.

I had worn these shoes before. I had never worn these shoes before while killing someone. Now my hands felt just as dry as before I washed them. The blues are still cooing about something. My friend Abraham has been in charge of the store for six years and another store before that that wasn’t very clean. I bought chocolate from the other store then.

I went from the part of the town with my house and my neighbor’s house to the part of the town with the store and the library and the police station. It is louder in the part of the town with the store. There the many noises combine into a grumble.

There are probably people in every one of these buildings. Those people work. Some of those people make part of Mezille’s Place. There are other people doing other kinds of work. Greeeeeen.

There were three stairs to walk down in a town square on my way. The other side of the square had a ramp going back up. I walked through the square. The square was made of stones. They didn’t budge as I walked over them. There were little channels of mortar in between the stones that I could feel through my shoes. There were lots of black birds walking through the square. They leaned over and picked up pieces of toast forgotten on the square. A statue was made of metal and red and erected in the middle of the black birds. His gaze went from beneath his metal hat to the ramp at the end of the square. Blues laughs and tells Green to count the white droppings from the black birds on the back of the statue. Purple shakes his head “No.”

Instead I tried to tell myself a story. Once upon a time there was a time once. Many things happened. I have never been exceptional at creating stories. I frequently borrow stories from the library. The stories I borrow are hard to finish because I get distracted. I have finished a few stories. I finished the story of The Count of Monte Cristo. Red admires how the main character went from Edmund to The Count. Green keeps track of all the names.

I finished walking to the store. I went from the sidewalk outside in through the automatically opening doors of the store. The copy of the image of the statue in the square on the windows inside the store faces the chocolate. The old store wasn’t very clean.

I eat chocolate because it reminds me of mom. Blues won’t let me forget it. I’m sorry.

Abraham works. He has a rotating shift. The store needs to be open all the time. I walked through it looking for interesting things. Everything in the store was quiet and odorless and didn’t help me. Green stayed green. I took my chocolate to lane eight. My friend prefers to check out from lane eight because it is near the restrooms. I set down the chocolate and gave my penny to Abraham. He handed the chocolate back to me. Abraham went from being alive to being dead.

The musty metal met my nose, its sparky zest dried my senses, and the savory spice scent of blood set out the oversweet toast. Blues watched Abraham as we quickly went, and Gred sang harmony at loud Purple. 