The entire world was buzzing. All over social media, the news, the radio everywhere. Because of a rather strange event that happened exactly three days, fourteen hours, six minutes, and thirty-seven seconds ago. Yes, apparently people managed to figure out the time at which it happened which I don't really understand. Maybe it's the work of Bob...

Oh wait! I haven't told you guys yet. Well it's relatively simple- a voice came from the sky: "Hi guys, God here". The first time he talks, ever. And one would think what he said must be something very important. Actually, it is (kinda) because apparently a new guy is taking over the role of 'god', Bob. And these past couple of days man, hehe, they've been hectic.

I know what you might be thinking. How do you know GOD said that? I mean unless humans have the capability now to have doves appear above every single person in the world, I'm pretty positive it's god. 

Let's talk a little bit about Bobbie McGoddie here, shall we? He's a nice guy, and of course I would describe him more If I could see him. He actually talks to us, which is a really great thing. I mean now we at least understand the reason why he can't give infinite resources when we ask him. Apparently, the god rules forbid it. But he's one innocent little guy, and I kinda feel bad for him. Imagine what God-1 would do to him if he found out what Bob's been doing.

Us humans are in paradise. Whatever we want, we'd just go to the church and ask for. People don't treat Bob with respect at all, and that's why I feel like the only one who empathizes for him. Literally, all the YouTube videos and everything is just talking about how God-1 is stupid for letting Bob take place.

But then it happened. 
Humans screwed up big time.

I was in the house at this time, watching a 3D movie in a 32K pixels screen, without those annoying as hell 3D glasses. My family was with me, they were just going on and on about how we are so lucky to have Bob as a replacement for God-1. 

Then I looked over to my brother, who looked over to me with a startled face. I bet I was also in complete shock but I was too busy trying to understand what was happening to notice.

There were doves above our heads. 
And then a loud booming voice: "Well guys, this was a test. And unfortunately, all of you, except one, failed. That person's dove shall become golden."

A huge bright light smeared across the living room, to the absolute shock of my family. I looked up and saw pure golden.

"I would tell you why you failed but... nah. Screw it, it's cause you guys are greedy as fuck. You guys took Bob, basically me, for granted. And yes, I just swore but what are you going to do about it? Damn it, I gotta flood these fuckers out now. Then I have to create new humans, erase everything I did. Got to start from the very beginning now thanks to your SHIT BEHAVIOUR. This has been what, the 802nd time already? GOD! Wait, why did I scream my name? You humans are ruining my bodily functions as well aghhhhh."

I was in complete and utter shock. I never thought the end of the world would be like this. I had plenty of time to plead because God-1 was busy wondering if he should start with the dinosaurs again or with something else. But I couldn't, I knew it would be to no avail.

"Oy Golden boy what's your name? Wait, I know ummm.... Noah isn't it? Great, you're gonna build an arc- holy cheese balls that's some serious Deja Vu... Anyways your gonna build an arc. Wait, I'm supposed to have told you this earlier. Screw it... which person do you want alive along with you at the end of all this?

"Uhm... I guess it'll be my... uhhh. yeah, my wife", I replied still in utter disbelieve. 

"Great! Hopefully this time I can get it correct or else my boss is gonna kill me."

Then I was in an arc, with my wife, and two of every animal. There was a loud thunder, and our ship bobbed up and down uncomfortably under the overwhelming strength of the flood. The rains dripped down our faces, but I could still make out my wife's tears. 

"This is for the better. It has to be...", I kept telling myself.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This was my lame attempt at this writing prompt. Feedback would be lovely! P.S There's an easter egg for a 2016 TV show. Try your best to find it!


