"No. Absolutely not. There is no way in hell," I said to the suited man at the front door.

But let me backtrack a little.

My friend John wrote his dissertation at the age of four. It was a comparative study of different techniques for emission spectroscopy in the analysis of compound materials. John waited until he was four to write his dissertation for two reasons. Reason number one was that that was how long it took him to master control of the bank of knowledge in his brain. Reason number two was that it took him until he was four to really comprehend how to grip a pencil.

John was pretty average, for someone in one of the largest factions in the world.

Sometimes I wondered what it would be like to just *know* things without having to slog through the process of learning them. Of course, it would help if my parents had been remotely prepared for the implications of naming their child Slartibartfast - but no, they just went ahead with their weird Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy reference, and didn't even consider the fact that they would have to *tell* me things like, "Hey, maybe don't stick that fork in a plug socket." And that those nuggets of wisdom should probably be phrased in a way comprehensible to someone without a Physics PhD's worth of knowledge.

Frankly, it was a wonder I made it through childhood. But somehow I did, and with the help of an armful of old school textbooks that my parents found at a worn down secondhand bookshop, I learnt just about enough to vaguely blend in with society. My dad always claimed that the fact I had to learn how to learn, how to analyse and understand for myself, would put me ahead of the rest. 

I'm pretty sure my dad just talked bollocks because he felt guilty for what he'd done. 

Anyway, I developed a particular interest in botany, and eventually I scraped together enough knowledge to find a low-paying job in a garden centre.

"So that's why the *Chrysanthemum boreale* is the best in its genus," finished one of the twenty-six Lilys who worked in the garden centre, as I struggled frantically to write down everything she'd just said.

Rowan number fourteen frowned. "But the rhizome's shorter than for several other species," he said. "Surely that makes it less viable for-" But he broke off.

"Less viable for...?" I prompted him.

But Rowan's face was turning pale. He staggered back, clutching onto a trellis for support, as Lily gasped. Her eyes were wide open in shock, and she sunk to the ground, her chest rising and falling rapidly. Her arms curled around her stomach as though to protect herself. I turned back to Rowan to see tears glittering in his eyes.

"Guys, what's happening? Guys?"

Lily looked up at me. "It's awful... God, it's awful."

"What's awful? Talk to me!"

Her mouth opened and closed, but the only noise that came out of it was a racking sob. She curled in on herself again, a tight ball on the ground. My gut twisted, panic rising in my throat. I turned and ran down the path, back towards the indoor area of the centre. My heart was pounding, my brain moving at a hundred miles a minute.

I burst through the main entrance into the centre, and ground suddenly to a halt. It was like the scene of an accident, if the bloodshed had been Photoshopped out. People huddled together, horror etched on their faces. One woman's muffled screams were audible from the next room, while a man standing motionless near the door flinched every time she made a sound, his eyes staring blankly ahead. A small child was crying hysterically at his feet.

It took a minute for anyone to pull themselves together, but eventually I found someone who seemed just about calm enough to talk to me.

"Excuse me... What's going on?"

She looked at me with shock. "You don't know?"

"No, I... have an uncommon name."

She sighed a long, drawn out sigh. "There's been an attack."

"What? What kind of attack?"

"They had weapons I've never seen before. They blew up half of Manchester - they wanted to attract as much attention as possible. All those names watching, there's got to be hardly anyone who doesn't know about it. And they said..." Her breath hitched. "They said they're watching."

The scene was replayed on the news over and over in the days that followed. The leader of the group, of unknown name, spoke, his voice harsh and cold. "We know how to slip under your radar, how to plan without any of you knowing what to watch for. But if you try to stop us, we *will* see you coming. We have sympathisers in every major faction. We know what you know, and we see what you see. You have no choice but to yield to our control."

Those were dark days. The country had pretty much ground to a halt, afraid to leave their homes or venture outside. The police formulated countless plans, but each time, a laughing voice read it out word for word in a recording sent to any random detective's email. And each time, the contents of the recording would be leaked back to the major news centres of the world, and the cycle would begin anew.

Until, the Monday after the attack, there was a knock at my door. I opened it to find a tall, earnest-looking man wearing a grey suit and a pair of thick glasses.

"Mr... Slartibartfast?"

"Yeah, that's me," I said warily.

"My name is Matthew Hannigan."

"Right."

"That's Matthew with-" he paused, "-three Ts."

"Yeah, I'm sorry, but whatever it is you're trying to sell, I'm not interested." I started to close the door, but found Matthew's - or Mattthew's - foot wedging it open.

"I'm not trying to sell you anything. Except, in a way, hope!" His eyes were wide beneath the smudged lenses.

"Mate, I don't know what kind of sales technique this is, but-"

"Listen to me! I work in the Office for National Statistics, where I have access to the census data for the whole country. I know how many people have each name out there, and yours and mine - they're unique! My parents misspelled my name on my birth certificate, see." He was talking very fast, the pitch of his voice rising with every word. "There's two more out there like us, and with your help..." He paused for breath, a smile beginning to curve his lips.

"I still don't understand what you want from me."

"With your help, we can save the world!"

"No. Absolutely not. There is no way in hell."