“What’s wrong with it?” she asks.

“What’s wrong? You never told me about this part! I have to go back to Hell? It’s literally Hell! I don’t even want to know what it’s like there. What do you do? Burn goats for fun? Bathe in molten lava?”“I have to go back.”“Then you can leave.”

“So that’s it? You just use my powers to get this penthouse, to get everything you have, and I don’t get anything?”

“What are you talking about? Didn’t we get all this together? All those deals you swayed, all the nights we had…it was for us. But now you’re asking…”

“For something in return. Twenty years here, twenty years there.”

“What…why do you need me?”

She doesn’t answer, just looks at me, the fire in her eyes dying down, just the human part left.

“I can’t think about this right now,” I say, leaving the room. “Give me some time.”

\-

*Just another night, smoking on the balcony. She’s grown fond of weed, even though I’m not sure what kind of effect it has on her.*

*“Hey, why are you helping me?” I ask.*

*“What do you mean?”*

*“I mean…you’re from Hell. You’re Satan’s child. So if you’re helping me, doesn’t that make me…”“Evil?”*

*“Something like it.”She shrugs. “That’s what people don’t understand. My family…we don’t just spread chaos and evil. Well, maybe chaos. More…we don’t think there’s any good or evil. Just what people choose to do. And if that’s working for yourself and hurting others, there’s nothing wrong with that.”“So why me?”*

*She smiles. “You’re a dreamer. And to see a dreamer lose that is a horrible thing, even to me.”*

\-

She sits on the balcony, staring off into the city. I wonder what she sees, in this world so far from her own, this world that hates her.

“Hey,” I say, sitting next to her.

She is wordless. All these years, I can tell when she’s nervous, which isn’t often.

“What do you want to do there? In Hell?”

“Change things,” she says. “I ran away from my father, to come here. I always hated what he’s done to Hell. But now I want to go back. Now...I'm braver.”

“And change things for the better?”

She smiles, sadly. “There’s no better or worse. Just different. You know that.”

“Well, better or worse” I say, pulling out the joint, “when are we leaving?”

“You’re…coming?”

“Don’t ask why. I might change my mind.”

"Why?”

I light up the joint. “You’re a dreamer. And to see a dreamer lose that is a horrible thing, even to me.”

She smiles, and slowly, appreciating the time between worlds, we finish our last joint on Earth.

\-

r/penguin347