"He's been talking to that bard again," Sarah said, peeking through the slats of the window, down the path that led to their cottage. Her apron tails bobbed anxiously. "You know the one. Merriwyn."

"Bard," her husband Lars grunted, taking a swig of his ale. He drew his arm across his mouth. "Drunkard, that's what he is. Passed out drunk half the time." His bushy brows knitted together. "So he can play the lute. So he sings like an angel. So what?" 

"Lars!" his wife said, and bobbed up to the table in an anxious fit. "You know what that means! Carries the lore of days gone by, drinks because he's trying to forget. Suddenly taken an interest in Brian, he has." She stuck her lip out at him. "Hm? Hmmm?" 

"Lots of veterans," Lars grunted, avoiding his wife's eye. "We all fought." He studied the scars on his knuckles. "We all lost. Nothing special about that." 

"Lars!" Sarah said, bringing her palms down on the table. "You can't deny it! Brian's special! When we agreed to raise him -"

"Lots of orphans!" Lars said loudly. The ale sloshed in his mug. "Doesn't mean anything!" 

"Lars," she said, and put her hands over his. "He's our son. You know it's going to happen, whether you want it to or not." 

Lars closed his eyes, his whole body curling in as if fixed on a single knot of wood on the table, going rigid. Sarah hovered over him. The door swung open, and they both jumped. 

"Mom?" said Brian, blinking uncertainly at them. "Dad?" His green eyes peeked out from under his shaggy hair, and he stood in the doorway, a set of gangly limbs propped up on themselves. Both of them noticed there was a distinct bulge in his satchel that hadn't been there when he'd left. "Are you okay?" he said, shuffling. "I - I was just talking with Merriwyn, he, uh, he needed some help fixing the roof of his shack, and -" He cut himself off and swallowed. "Did - did I interrupt something?" he said. 

"No," Lars said abruptly. "Not at all, not at all." He got to his feet and strode to the door, his son dancing out of his. "Got to - got to see a man about some turnips, in fact," he said, and roughly patted Brian on the shoulder as he passed. "Be -" He frowned. "Be good to your mother." 

"I - I will," Brian said, glancing between them. 

"Good," Lars said, and slammed the door behind him and was gone. Brian looked to his mother in bewilderment. 

"Come on, come on now," Sarah said, bustling him towards the table. "Have you eaten yet? That man didn't give you anything, did he? Goodness, you're lucky I've had some buns in the oven for you..." 

Lars rushed down the dirt path, around the bend, huffing and snorting as the motley figure of Merriwyn came into sight. "You!" he bellowed, and Merriwyn turned around, his white eyebrows raised. "You!" Lars said. "You damn well stay away from my boy!" 

"My goodness," Merriwyn said, doing a little curtsy in his patched robes. "I don't know what this is about, my dear Goodman Strider, but I assure you your son's been an absolute blessing -" 

"Don't play dumb!" Lars grunted, going on tiptoe and riling himself up as high as he could. He wished the man wasn't quite so tall. "You know what you are, and I know what you are, and we both know what you've got planned for my boy!" He struggled with his tunic, pulling it down, to reveal an ash-grey scar over his heart, the size of a fingertip. He jabbed a thick finger of his own in Merriwyn's face. "He's a child! You're not having him fight your battles for you!" 

The tipsy glaze in Merriwyn's eyes faded away, and the corner of his lip turned up. "If you know what I plan," he said, his voice going low, "then you know it's for the best." He put a hand on Lars' shoulder. "How much longer do you plan to slave away under the rule of the King of Ash? You think you can keep Brian safe here? How long until they come for him? How long until they burn out his spirit?" Merrwyn's fingers tightened. "Like they did yours? Like they did mine?" 

Lars felt the blood rushing in his ears, and before he knew it Merriwyn was sprawled out on the ground, bleeding from his lip, his long legs like broken stilts. "He's eleven!" Lars roared. "He's a child! You - You -" Hot tears blurred his vision. "You bastards! All of you! Relying on a child to do your work!"

Merriwyn lay there, unmoved, his tongue coming out to taste the blood. "Lars," he croaked. "It's always the children. It's always been the children." He laid his head down and stared up at the sky. "What other hope is there?" 

"A child!" gasped Lars, and kicked Merriwyn in the side. Merriwyn closed his eyes and barely flinched. "You - I -" 

"We failed," Merriwyn intoned, eyes closed, lying like a corpse. He folded his fingers together over his chest.  "You see the sky, Lars. That's what we left them. Brian's bright, he's good-hearted." Merriwyn shook his head slowly, smiling. "You raised him good, Lars, you raised the best boy I ever saw. Even without me telling him what needed to be done, you think he wouldn't figure it out on his own? You think he wouldn't dream of something better?" Merriwyn opened his eyes, and looked up at Lars, grey. "No matter what you do to me here, you think you'll be able to keep him forever?" 

"You-" said Lars, and dropped to his knees beside Merriwyn, and grabbed the man's collar in one fist. Merriwyn made no resistance. "You bastard," whispered Lars. "You utter bastard," he said, and drove his fist into the ground and clutched at the dirt. A tear darkened the soil. "He's only a child," Lars said. 

"I know," Merriwyn whispered back.

Above them, from the ash grey sky, the soot swirled and spun and the first fat flakes began to fall. 

[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5eyztv/wp_the_bad_guys_won_and_the_world_was_conquered/dagc2t6/)