It all started in the turn of the 20th century. With technology advancing so rapidly and the human population being too much to bare, the Earth began to fall apart. By the year 2050, the human population had reached 15 billion people. With nowhere near enough resources to support this amount of people, the world's governments began to think of a solution.

With the rate of carbon emission creating a positively poisonous atmosphere that would soon end all life on Earth, the UN had no choice but to create a fake crisis to save and rebuild human society. It began with "Project: Fool's Head" in 2078, a secret operation established by the world's superpowers to send humanity away for long enough to reset the entire world.

It would take decades, maybe a hundred years, but they had to do it. Otherwise, humanity might face the same fate as the dinosaurs.

Forging massive ships using already established space travel technology, the UN created a series of false propeganda messages in order to trick the human race into believing that the world was about to end. They hired supermodels and celebrities to advertise that "our sun is going Supernova," as was the theme of the warning. Pop artists collaborated to write "Supernova" themed songs and albums, all preaching the same message--that the world was about to burn away.

Finally, in 2099, the rich, famous, and even the women and children, were allowed to board the Seraphim, huge ships built to hold millions of people for the coming 10 year journey to the nearest hospitable planet.

Over 75% of the human race was gone. Flown into space under the impression that their world was ending and they had to survive. Now, only 7 billion people remained, the poor and insane who couldn't join the others on board the Seraphim.

Now, our job began. We were knowm as the 300,000 people who would rescue Earth from its own disease: humanity and its ideas. The cleanup of Earth was a long process, taking several decades, but humanity was safe on the planet Jv-786. When they returned in 200 years, it will be as if no one had lived there at all.

All artificial structures and organisms we're destroyed. Hybrid plants, animals, automatons, factories, and all other man-made ideas and materials were destroyed, incinerated or bulldozed to make room for Earth's natural beauty.

The atmosphere took longer to purge. First, we had to come up with a chemical solution that could dissolve and condensate the high amounts of carbon and other dangerous chemicals in the air. It wasn't that hard, but after application the formula had to wipe the toxins from the air through acid rain. After about 5 years, the atmosphere was almost completely free of dangerous toxins.

Now, the final step. In order to reset Earth to a blank canvas, ready to recieve the humans returning in another 170 years, we had to make a choice--live out our days on a barren and natural planet with no memory, using basic tools and ideas to survive, or sacrifice ourselves to the greater good via extremely high radio frequencies sent to the brain.

I chose the latter. After all, my work was done. The world was clean and natural again, with the other 7 billion of the Earth's inhabitants dead due to natural causes or the acid rain that plagued the planet due to the atmospheric purge. 

Now, as I stand atop a large rocky outcropping over the Appalachian Trail, I smile as the wave of ecstasy washes over me, followed by a burning pain in my head. Crying as I watch the sunset, I step closer to the edge, not noticing the involuntary movements my body makes without my knowledge. My memories fade as I throw myself over the edge, embracing my destiny as the ground gets closer and closer to my ever-longing soul...

