278 seems a little low in retrospect, but I only remember about five times.

Once, when I was about 4, I was put in a drug-induced waking coma that almost stopped my heart, partially destroyed my central nervous system, and gave me full-spectrum autism symptoms that I had to gradually work my way out of over time, including a monotone and a tendency for short, non-descriptive sentences. Eye contact is also very uncomfortable.

My perspective while comatose was that there was a sort of dark border around what I could see, and I couldn't form thoughts or opinions about what was happening. But I responded to simple commands, felt simplistic emotions, and occasionally have scattered memories of things people said around me or things that I saw. Otherwise, it's just darkness. Apparently I slept-walked a lot, and did things like using the toilet while asleep.

One day I realized I could respond to what was happening to me, form sentences of more than one word, and remember what just happened. It was pretty exciting. My heart rate needed to be monitored to make sure it was stable, and I had to be reminded of every aspect of my life afterwards. My heart has been a steady 79-90 bpm ever since, regulated largely by stress and regardless of whether I exercise or not. I remember absolutely everything I take the time to pay attention to, though I do not necessarily remember things in 99% accurate, perfect detail. Fine details often get fuzzy, jumbled, confused. It's just too much effort to remember absolutely everything. Though, the headache I get when I try to has been getting less sharp lately.

The damage to my nervous system has resulted in a variety of side-effects. For example, I can't keep an accurate count of my brain chemistry exchanges, and my dopamine chain became permanently weakened. (It later fully broke after some mental trauma.) My immune system is...odd, and I catch every single strain of every virus that goes around in my area, often spending half the year with some sort of low-level sickness. Also, my fat distributes itself strangely and I bloat at the drop of a hat.

I have to use a series of alternating cycles to regulate everything from my sleep/wake cycles to my mood, and my maximum level of happiness is at the approximate level of meeting a new friend, the highest level achieved as the drugs took effect. That might seem pretty sad, because it was probably best described as "moderate excitement," but it means that "Maximum Happiness" is a surprisingly low-effort accomplishment for me. It becomes more about maintaining that (low, low) level for as long as possible, but emotional marathons often become exhausting. I do have a perfectly normal capacity for being depressed though. Or, relative to my rather low capacity for happiness, a very high capacity for depression.

Because of the alternating cycles necessary to compensate for the damage, and the emotional backlash from forcibly cycling happiness at a high level (as it automatically gets converted to unhappiness and then instantly re-reconverted to happiness,) it's inevitable that I need to cycle through a variety of emotions in different patterns in order to maintain a balanced mood. And, also, to avoid falling into a very deep pool of depression. I am working on new patterns of cycles all the time though, trying to find that perfect self-harmonizing balance.

Once I face-planted asphalt at high speed. I was playing in a bark box, a game where we had to run out of the box to avoid an imaginary explosion. When I got to the edge of the box I was thinking that I should jump, but I forgot to do it and tripped, swinging around the edge by my feet and landing squarely on my forehead. If my head had turned even a little bit to the right or left it might have hit a vital nerve cluster in my temple and killed me, but instead I went straight-on and just got a light concussion, a bone knob, and a stitch instead. Mostly I remember how much it hurt to laugh for a long time afterwards, and how to appreciate my own quiet amusement. And how to laugh through the pain. Thinking about the whole scenario gives me a headache though. I was five, I think.

Once with a fever. I was playing some games on a Friday night, and gradually lost control of my body. I stumbled to a couch and tried to wait it out. After fifteen minutes or so, I realized something was terribly wrong, but I couldn't get up anymore. I thought about crawling to the fridge, but there was no way I could get high enough to get the ice if I tried, let alone anything to wrap it in, and the effort seemed like it would only make things worse. I waited for about half an hour wondering if I was going to die. Eventually, my dad came back from an errand he was on, got ice, called 911, and gave me the drug cocktail they recommended. I fell asleep under a blanket, burning up and shivering at the same time.

While I was sleeping, I had a dream. There were two cartoonish, orange human cells. I imagined that one had an engineer's outfit, and the other was a businessman/scientist, but at the same time they weren't actually wearing anything. Just orange amoeba, floating and discussing some sort of project in the background.

On the amoeba level the background was an orange glow. On the imaginary level, the background was some sort of construction site.

The Amoeboids discussed a while and then "shook hands." They each turned to two other cells (businessmen,) had the same conversation, and shook. And so forth. There is an exponentially-growing sense of dread as this sequence plays out. At the crescendo, a businessman shook hands with a politician, each backed by and representing thousands and thousands of cells, and the background became a nuclear missile silo.

Then everything was replaced by a rolling, undulating mass of quivering orange shapes, rolling, turning, spinning, undulating in waves, and an endless roar that drowned out everything that came before it. An ocean of noise, which gradually faded to darkness over what felt like an endless moment.

After a good 10 hours of comfortable darkness, which was in sharp contrast to the eternal roar, I woke up and the fever was down to a very-relieving 99 degrees. 14 years old.

Maybe it was just those three times, and the others don't really matter. I don't know, they don't seem that important by comparison.

"Fell out of a raft and hit the back of my head on a rock. Woke up in the river, doing a perfect California Lounge Chair float." 12 years old.

"A canvas-top Jeep I was in almost flipped over, and time slowed down while I realized that there wasn't enough time left to do anything so all I could do was relax." 20 years.

"Bad case of food poisoning from a hardboiled egg at the grocery store, and a(n enforced) reliance on the school cafeteria for all food. Spent two days alternating between vomit and diarrhea every half hour. Spent another whole day motionless, staring at the ceiling inbetween drifting in and out of consciousness, certain I was going to die. Ate a handful of plain white rice that was the best food I have ever had in my life." Also 20 years.

"Somebody brought alcohol in the greyhound undercarriage, and something was going wrong enough for the driver to notice it. I hated being in the bus so much my only wish was, if it should explode, that I be flung out of the bus and be conscious while it happens. So that my final memories would be of being outside the bus." 22.

I didn't die, so they all just seem trivial. Forgettable. Unlikely by dint of not having happened.

So, again, 278 seems awfully low.