Have you ever been immortal? Of course not, it's what happens to superbuffed heroes in comics and cartoons. Usually, immortality comes with an ability to regenerate, or to manipulate their bodies. Well, I dreamt about this, and who didn't? Just imagine, I would correct my back, increase my height and weight, muscles (including the most important one, if you know what I mean), change a colour of my eyes and generally improve my health and immunity. What a great brand new life with a brand new body I would have! 
But daydreaming doesn't give you anything. Anything useful, at least. Especially, when you walk near the place of someone's Death. Why capital D? Because it was not only the death of a person. It was the Death himself. Well, if I had known this before, I wouldn't even stepped out of my house! 
Imagine me, walking in the rain, with a hood on, through my neighbourhood. Cold wind getting in your bones makes you walk faster. A group of people, leaning over something attracts your attention, but not enough to fully stop you. 
"Murdered" - a brief word slides through your head. Policemen haven't arrived yet. 
Oh, great. Already bad mood, worsened with the weather and this terrible murder, is getting even worse, when someone in front of you doesn't want to step aside, blocking your path to warm cozy home. A long black coat of a stranger looks like tentacles willing to catch you. And maybe, that was a piece of truth, because you accidentally step on them. 
"For fuck' sake, man! Are you retarded or what?" - anger bursts out on this strange man, who just happened to be on your way. 
"ME?" - a voice, cold as tomb, possibly capable to freeze lava in a second, hits you. 
"WHAT A DISRESPECT. YOU TORE MY COAT BY THE WAY. DON'T YOU FEEL THE URGE TO APOLOGIZE?" 
Honestly, the only thing I felt was to run away as I can. Noone is around, passers-by, cars, planes, even the place, where a dead man lies, everything is so far away. 
And I ran away. When I got to home, my legs were shaking, my lungs ached, and my heart was pounding like crazy. 
"BE SEEING YOU. OR NOT?" - said Death in a general direction where young man thrown himself. Well, well, a robe will repair itself in a couple of minutes, but such impoliteness shouldn't be left without a response. Death grinned with his usual smile of making up something funny, in his original way. 
To be continued 