“I AM HERE TO SLAY YOU, GOD OF THE FOREST!” The puny human shouts up to me, brandishing a ridiculously large sword decorated with jewels.

“How do you even swing that thing?” I ask, picking the remains of an elk out of my tooth with a particularly pointy tree I found.

“WITH JUSTICE!” He shouted, flicking his floppy blonde locks out of the way of his piercing green eyes. A typically attractive human.

“Good response.” I say with a smirk. “But seriously, it’s about as big as you are.”

“I... I don’t know.” He said, glancing down at it now questioning its effectiveness. “The king gave it to me. It’s called the god\-slayer.”

“I mean, at least the name makes sense.” I sigh. “What’s your name, puny one?”

“Arkus” he said, pausing dramatically before his next word. “The..”

“The chosen one?” I guess before he can finish.

“How did you know?” He asks in a disheartened tone.

“I get a lot of those stop by. Look, here’s my pile of them.” I gesture to the large pile of limbs and guts I like to keep as souvenirs. The human throws up.

“These were the bits I could salvage. There was one human, Eric The Chosen One...” I begin to chuckle. “He was told that I would ask him A RIDDLE!” I erupt into laughter. “This finger was the only thing left of him!” I say, wiping a tear from my eye as I wiggle the tiny limb.

The human, Arkus, was now sheet white. I’ve seen it many times before, sometimes humans would get stage fright or just start crying as they set their eyes upon me. Just a trait us Gods have. “Why have you been sent to kill me?” I ask the now terrified boy. He takes a moment to pull himself together, taking a few deep breaths.

“T\-the King told us that you were taking our food and was forced to raise taxes. S\-said only a brave warrior could stop you.” He managed to get out through trembling lips.

“Nah.” I say “He’s ripping you off. Why would I need to steal food? I’m a god.”

“Oh.” The boy says.

“Sorry about that.” I say, delicately picking up the tiny creature. “Now which limb is your favourite?”

Typed up on my phone, first attempt so be nice. 
Find Part 2 In the Replies.
Edit: people seemed interested so I [made a subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheDavz/) to continue the story (I will also carry on replying my next parts.