"Wait- he can't do that!!"

"What? Can't do what *now*?"

"His character only has a speed of 13 because of the heavy Amorite armor he has on, that requires 13.5 or better!"

"Dude, it's literally half a stat point off, and you aren't even DM. John is."

"If you can't play by the mechanics given, don't play the game!"

The Paladin of the group, whose name was Ben from what I could tell, was  arguing with the Warlock, Clarissa. Apparently, upon their trying to do  some dodge-roll move, Ben began freaking out because Thomas' character,  who was a brutish tank of a Barbarian, has, word for word, "insufficient  stat points, and that's not tolerable."

My character's name is simply "XIV". He's a standard Fighter class at level 6- however, I'm more than that. The DM, John, apparently, has hit me up for $50 for one simple reason- get rid of the annoying Paladin.

"It's fine, Ben. Remember, Rig," who I can only assume is Thomas' character, "has the bonus two speed and attack from the Orc's Relic he found back  at Graveyard Mines," announces John. "Fine, I assume," sighs Ben, who obviously wants to continue the argument, but knows he'll lose.

Thomas became uneasy and agitated. "...Can I dodge the giant rock now?" John sighed. "Yes, you can dodge the giant rock. Roll for chance." As the dice hit the table, a glimmering 20 came up. A nice roll giving a complete flawless dodge. Another sigh from across the table behind the tri-folded mat made itself known, and then it spoke, "Okay, Ben. Your turn now. What do you do?" Ben gets an evil glimmer in his eye, then proceeds to chuckle. "I decide to grab a stick and use Magic Weapon, then smite the Golem." As the party groans, the DM clicks his tongue and says the familiar phrase; "Roll for initiative." A high roll at level 5 means a +2 bonus attack, and Ben knew that well- and so, the Golem fell outright. One swift hit with a magic stick brought a beast to its knees.

Ben, who was ecstatic about his kill, immediately celebrates. "Ye-heah, that's what I'm talking about! Okay, time to loot! What's it got John?" John replies with a smirk to his face, turning to me. "It's got an... oo! A Generous Orb, some... some more Amorite bars, four hundred gold, and Zeroth's Lightning Wrath!"

This loot, obviously, was split purposefully. With four players, the four of us would each get one item- and Ben was playing right into our hands. "Wait, wait! What're the specs of 'Zeroth's Lightning Wrath'?" John opens his booklet he uses for his custom item planning, and reads its description aloud. "A powerful magic weapon usable by any Class. Has an increased crit roll chance at 3 or more on a 6-D for crit, and punishes for friendly fire. Lowers Speed and Defense by... 5, though." With those words, Ben knew he wanted this item. "Okay, so let's roll!"

After the dice rolls, and the laughing, and the groaning, it distributed as I expected and as John and I planned; I myself got the Generous Orb, Clarissa the Amorite (she needed the bars for armor, anyway), Thomas the majority of the Gold, and finally, the Ultimate Weapon.

A couple hours pass. At the next part of the dungeon, we're stopped by multiple waves of skeletons. In the scuttle, though, I make an "accident". "What do you do, Jeff?" (Don't judge my cliché name.) As I take the intentionally, specially crafted, loaded dice, I roll for a flurry of swings and cuts in my general direction, which would just so happen to hit Ben, if done correctly. "Aaand... crits for.... 100 damage! Nice hit! You hit Ben in the meantime, though. That deals 50 damage to you, and," he says, as Ben begins chuckling, "...deals the 100 back to Ben as an affect from the Generous Orb. Sorry Ben, your character was killed."

Immediately, Ben stopped laughing and got livid. "What the *fuck* do you mean I got killed?! I had Zeroth's Lightning Wrath-- *'punishes for friendly fire'*?! And I had fucking 20 defense on my character because of the Ancient Scroll, how did it do that much damage?!" John let out a subtle apologetic sigh, and explained the following; "The Generous Orb was the only item no one inspected. The description reads; 'Any damage given to the holder of this item is immediately returned back to the aggressor at double the initial, and any loot drops from an enemy are doubled as well.' You may not be an enemy, but you are still considered an 'aggressor' in this situation, and so the damage from Zeroth's Wrath carried back to you at double. Your character only has 45 from the last fight, so even with your Defense upgrades it would deal 75 which would still kill you.'

Ben didn't like this at all. Still livid and ranting out of control, he screamed at John. "*FUCK YOU CRITICAL FOR 100!* I HAD SOME OF THE BEST FUCKING LOOT IN THIS GOD DAMNED CAMPAIGN, AND YOU'RE TELLING ME THIS ROOKIE MOTHERFUCKER'S GOT THE UPPER HAND BECAUSE OF A FUCKING ORB THAT SELLS FOR 50 SILVER?!" John, who wasn't having any of this, simply replied in a sarcastic tone, "It appears so. Luck of the dice. Sorry, Ben."

Ben had gotten so angry he took his character sheet, his dice (which we had extras of anyway), and anything he brought for the DnD marathon, and left in an angry stomp. As for me? I stayed. After Clarissa and Thomas continued to question what had happened, for days on end, John broke and announced what really went down, but instead of being belittled, he was praised for it. No one liked Ben anymore. I had become best friends with the group, and had even finished multiple campaigns after that with them.

Thus, this particular job ends on a better note. I, Jeffery Zakowsi, better known as XIV, not only made 50 and made my notoriety among DnD players of all kinds more popular, but I made a couple new friends. They know my job, so they understand when I can't get to their game nights. I am XIV.