"Hi; a cheeseburger and large fries, please", I say.

Her 'fast food worker smile' wavers, and I prepare for the usual reaction.

"Pardon me?" she says. That's not the usual reaction, but I'm already speaking my usual reply and now trip over it.

"Er, I said .. a cheeseburger and large fries, please"

Her voice says "I'm sorry, I don't understand. I only speak English, and a little Spanish", but her face says "oh no, a crazy customer".

She can't understand? She can't understand *her native language*? Stammering a bit, I try to work out what to do. This ability has never failed before. Looking around, there's nobody else to witness, or to ask. 

But there is a statue of Ronald McDonald, and I have an idea. I hold one finger up and smile, then step over and as loudly and deliberately as possible, ask Ronald "Could you tell the lady that I'd like a cheeseburger and large fries, please?". Ronald would speak English. Surely.

I looked at her, she looked confused. Statues must not speak anything.

"What language is that?" she says, to me, but also to nobody in particular.

I shrug.

She blinks.

"You understand me, don't you?" she asks. I nod.

"Are you .. possessed?"

I shake my head vigorously, but as I do so, start to wonder how I can be so certain. It turns into a shrug, and then a "maybe" oscillating hand gesture.

"I always speak other people's languages", I say, in "her" language. A language which she doesn't understand.

And she doesn't understand. She starts to say something, then changes track, and hands me a menu. "Can you point to what you want?" she says.

I can, and I do.

"Thank you", I say.

But she wasn't paying close attention. "Thank you", she copies me, affecting a very strong accent. "shepherd. river. {nonsense}. money. Thanks.".

I stare at her. "Are you speaking *Baurye*??" she asked, but I didn't know.

"Nobody has *spoken* that language in thousands of years. My grandfather, when I was young he would read to me, to keep me quiet. Making up pronunciation as he went, he studied ancient texts. I would mimic what he was saying, but I never understood".

Is this what being possessed feels like?