"Kerplol", the sound buzzed until I hit the lever back to its original place. 

"Good ol' coffee", I let out a sigh as I walked towards the elevator to get back to my cubicle. I took a sip while waiting for the elevator to come back."Ding-dong", the doors of the lift opened. I strolled in the elevator, took another sip and tuned in to the in-built radio. I felt myself plunging, the elevator had started. "The next song is by Michael jac-", the melodious voice was cut by my abruptly kicked the door. "Michael! he still hasn't done the work I gave him!",I exasperated. Suddenly, the lights started to flicker and the elevator's speed increased exponentially as if it was an asteroid. The lights went out so I frantically grab the handle, praying I don't die! 

A sudden thud brought silence with it, seemed like the elevator had stopped. Stumbling, I tried to find the exit button but froze as a radiance of light slipped through the doors as the door opened swiftly. The silence rose to a crescendo. The door opened. Getting out of a near-death experience, "Thank god", I exclaimed. Suddenly, my feet went jelly and my heart skipped a beat. The world around me was totally different, alienated I tried to apprehend the situation. All the walls were replaced by glossy glass panels, the ground was tiled meticulously. Mouth ajar, I noticed everyone's clothing changed and they all held a thin piece of metal. My head showered with a billion, no, a trillion thoughts! Everyone kept looking at me disdainfully. I tried to rise my weighty feet to walk to the nearest reception if it still existed. "Mike?",a baffled, but a familiar voice came across the floor. "Mike! where have you been? ", it was my best friend Tyler. He had aged quite a lot. "Also what's up with the coffee all over your shirt?",the guy beside Tyler inquired."You have been missing for years !",Tyler said surprised yet somewhat happy. "What year is it?",I asked.

"Welcome to CERN awarded the best nuclear research organization of 2017", a robotic voice broadcasted the phrase.

\[my first time writing a story, criticism welcomed !\]