"Who... are you?" I asked the person in front of me, she was sitting on a rock looking at the flower garden that surrounded us, white, purple and red flowers, all of them dancing and singing thanks to the kind wind that caressed us. never in my life had I seen such a scenery. I spent my whole life on a farm, always surrounded by thick concrete walls along with other girls, waiting to be processed by the people of the village; to become a vessel of their Goddess.

Is this the Goddess they spoke of? she looked pitiful, she was covered in bandages and on her face was an iron mask with spikes on the side. If it wasn't for the rusty sword she had on her person I would have approached her. She looks at me, I couldn't see the eyes behind her mask.

"Please, get it over with," I said, hesitantly "t-they're waiting for you!"

She doesn't say anything but motions me to get closer. I start walking towards her, my legs trembling, stepping on the flowers and the wind making my hair flutter, I get on my knees and wait. I honestly don't know what else to do, this was the first time I ever did this after all and I don't think I can fight back. she puts her hand on my head making me jump.

*It's coming*

I close my eyes and clench my teeth waiting for the end. she starts caressing my hair for some reason, her hand felt hard and rough. I'm astonished, no one has ever done this before, not even the girls I lived with we always kept to ourselves, no point in being friends with someone who could disappear. although... deep inside that's something I really hated. that feeling of powerlessness...of not being able to do anything.

"What are you doing...?" she doesn't answer, can't she speak? "please stops that, just... take my body and be done with it!"

Tears were welling up in my eyes, I didn't like this, these feeling... she retrieves her hand and looks down at me, we were staring at each other now, me kneeling on the ground and her sitting on the rock. eventually, she nods as if she decided something, she gets up and stands in front of me, sword in hand

*Is she...?*

She pierces herself with the sword, I fall back blood was raining on me and the smell of iron was filling nose and mouth. she pulls the sword out making more blood pour, my surrounding were starting to get blurry but I don't think it was my eyes. the whole scenery was starting to slowly decay and the flowers were losing its color. She puts her hand into the injury and inserts it into her body.

"what...are you...doing!?"

She lets out a sound, it's the first time she has said anything at all. she takes her hand out retrieving her still-beating heart and then she pins me to the ground with her foot, much faster than I could react.

"...I'm So...Rr...Y," she says, from the holes in her eyes tears and blood were starting to fall down "...SaVe..tHeM..."

She makes a hole in my chest using her sword, I start screaming painfully; that is the only sound in the distance, the wind had stopped blowing since long ago....

***

"Ah... it is done" the main summoner closed his book with a bang the sound echoed inside the room "now, Claymore. Arise!"

In some faraway country, there stood a small village of an unknown name, is surrounded by mountain and clouds. on the east of it, stood a conspicuously large Villa where girls between the age of fifteen and eighteen were taken to, to see if they were suitable vessels. for Claymore the goddess of Iron

In the basement of that house, a ritual was successfully finished. I looked at my surroundings, a dark room with a few candles, robbed people and the dead bodies of the girls who had accompanied me for three years... always whimpering, trembling, wondering when we would die.

But that ends today. Claymore is no more.

I look at the person in front of me, he had approached me with a sword on his left hand and a robe on the other.

"Now is time you fulfill your duty" even though Claymore was named a Goddess she was treated more like a slave, she was tied to the lords of this Village and forced to obey "war is on the horizon and we need to fen-"

"You...are the one who chose this vessel?" he looks perplexed for a moment, but smiles, like he was proud of himself. He hands me the robe for my naked body and the sword "and all the others?"

"Why, yes indeed-!"

I cut him in half, his body falls down with a thud and the smile never left his face, like it hasn't yet realized it was just killed. the others let out a scream, some out of fear, some out of anger, some try to give me orders but they just go from one ear to the other. 

The blood of the man I just cut in half starts to float in the air and surrounds me. the blood starts to take the form of small spikes, all of them pointing at their respective targets. I don't know how I did it, every movement was instinct. The other summoners start to approach me, weapons in hand, but it was too late. 

"I will definitely..." I stab the sword on the ground "...fulfill our wish!"

The spikes are shot, they hit all of the summoners with enough force to make holes in their bodies as if they were bullets, ripping them apart, ricocheting on the walls and hitting them again, killing some of them instantly and some left to die slowly.

***
***

Any tips are welcome! go [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Onni21/) if you want to read some of my stories I could really use the feedback.