The smell of copper and my own waste was all I could think about. It was all I wanted to think about. Everything hurt and burned, and I could barely move on my own anymore. But that's how they wanted me, a ragdoll with a little life in it. They turned me into their plaything, but they were just careful enough, enough to keep their toy alive.

I missed my mama and papa, my whole family. Thinking about them just made it worse, and the thought of them seeing me like this made me want to vomit. I crawled to my little corner full of dirty, crimson rags and blankets and tried not to dry sob. My chest hurt to much to cry anymore.

"Please, let me die." I thought. A whisper, cold and distant, echoed behind me.
"No." 
I squeezed my eyes shut and tried to ignore the pain in my head, my eyes began to water.
"Why?!" I tried to ask the phantom voice, but my voice croaked and came out like a moan. It was hard to unanciate with missing teeth and only a half of a tongue. They took those shortly after I was brought here. 

I felt like someone, or something, was watching me. That was how I knew when it was around. That and the snap feeling of dread it seemed to cause. I'd began to like that feeling, like it meant I might be taken from this hell. For awhile I thought I was in hell, but everytime they came to take me out of my cell I was reminded, they're only human.

I felt something moving closer to me and instinctually flinched, curling up further. That cold voice seemed to lean down to me and stop just behind my head, and the hairs on my neck stood on end.
"Its not yet your time."
I started crying, despite the pain it caused.
"How much longer?!" I thought. "How much more pain before it all ends?" I couldn't end it myself. I'm sure I would have tried if I could.
The voice seemed to try to say something, but paused. Like daggers made of ice it simply said, "I can't."

I felt the hope leave my body again, and helplessness set in again.Everytime I begged it, it said no. Occasionally we would just talk, about my family, my old life, my friends. It might ask something and I would answer, but everytime I asked it a question it would stay silent. Where's my family, how are they, who are you, are you real, are there more like you, will you please kill me? The torture had gotten worse recently, or at least they visited me more frequently. Sometimes we wouldn't even leave the cell. There was so much pain, I could see it. 
With effort, I rolled over and stared at it. It was like a shadow, and it wasn't that light didn't pass through it, it was like the light wasn't hitting anything, it was there and not there. But What I could see was a hood and the lower parts of a skull. A human skull that mocked me and my hope. I stared at it for a moment. "You're letting this happen. You caused this. You want this!" I tried to yell, but it came out unintelligible. 

With even more pain than I thought I could feel I pulled myself to my knees, scabbed from kneeling on concrete so many times for so long. I brought my hands together, torn and tattered, and tried to hold them together, but it hurt too much. They fell to my sides in a wasted effort. Despite this I stayed on my knees and looked hard into its face, and I could just make out the voids of its eyes.

"Please." I tried to say.
"Kill me. Please." I was crying again. 
"Please kill me." They laughed when I asked them, but it always stayed silent.
"Please, please, please!" I grabbed my hands and fell forward, trying as hard as I could to beg.
"Kill me, kill me, PLEASE KILL ME!"

"PLEASE! KILL ME!" She begged. She wrapped her arms around herself, still prostrating, and went quiet, save for the sobbing.
We aren't cold. We aren't heartless. She won't let us take her. She says one thing, but wants another. She won't die.
She can die, but she won't. There is only so much we can do. Our powers have rules. Or rather, they have a nature. We are nature. We have done more for her than others, but... it is not enough. 
 We shouldn't do more, but... she has fought so hard, despite herself.
We have been told to wait for when she's ready, but... we will not be told to wait any longer.

I tried to control my crying, it just hurt so much with every heave. I felt it stir for a moment, and thought it was going to leave again. I looked up and saw two large empty voids staring back at me. A tinge of hope filled me. Maybe it would finally take me? Suddenly I felt something warm on my legs. I looked, expecting more blood, but instead I saw something else. Where my skin was thing, a dull red glow shown through. My cuts and gashes seemed to glow like embers, and where my bones where broken I could feel an energy, a fire, softly mending them together. I looked back up and where there had been uncaring voids I saw a dull light, like the light at the end of a tunnel. I heard voices, softer than its voice before. Everywhere that hurt felt warm, the pain subsided, my head began to clear, and I could smell acacia flowers. 

It seemed to stand, and a force brought me with it. No, I was standing, following it. It walked to the bars of my cell and the bars vanished in a flash of fire. Rust flew through the air and settled all around me, and I saw my hand raised in front of me where the bars had been. I walked between other cells, the bars disappearing as I passed them. Everything felt so surreal, hazy like a dream. It was doing more than I thought it could. I just wanted it to take me. I moved up a set of blood stained stairs and into a large antechamber. I saw them and hesitated. 

They had been torturing somebody else, a boy younger than me. I stepped back, ready to run. One jumped up and made to run and catch me, but the shadow moved and rushed the torturer. He tried to scream but turned to dust and ash in a dull flash. I realized I was standing where he had been. The others panicked and ran. The boy laid there. Motionless. Without thinking I tried to pick him up, and he started to move. 

He looked up at me, his eyes wide, and I nodded to him, motioning him to follow me. That's when I saw the others behind me, the ones from the cells. They were huddled together just behind me. I nodded to them all and looked around for the helpful shadow. I saw it, hovering by a hallway. We followed behind it toward what I remembered was the exit. The other little ones hurried to get out as quickly as they could, but I waited, making sure they all got out. I walked out of the entrance and saw the familiar mountain desert around us, the dry air a fresh welcome to the stale air of the cells. Warm rays of light shown across my skin. The little ones had been waiting for me, and I gathered them and motioned them to follow me. We were leaving, together, when they all looked back at the entrance .I looked back and saw them, the other torturers. They were waiting, staring at me. One held his hands up in surrender. For a moment I waited, waited for the shadow to do something. It only took me a  moment longer to realize.

"We are nature." It said.
"I am human." I replied, and waved our hand at the group of men, turning them to ash and dust.