David looked at the outside of the house... If it even was a house... It was huge, it was 6 stories tall, and must've at least 100 feet wide and 100 feet deep.

He looked at the first floor window beside the front door... It was barely holding together, it looked like someone had taped it in place.  "This'll be like taking candy from a baby."

He walked over to the window with his crowbar, it was just as easy as he thought.  He pulled the window up and listened briefly inside.  All he could hear was the sound of fans moving some air.  He waited for 30 seconds to see if an alarm would go off… nothing.  So he climbed in.  The room he was in was stark, white walls, offwhite coloured furniture and such.  It looked more like a low end accountant’s office than a rich person’s home.
“Well, there’s no accounting for taste” he muttered out loud.  He took a couple steps into the room, and suddenly a “SCREEEEAAACCCCHHH” could be heard, he turned to bolt back for the window, but it was blocked, by what looked like a solid steel sheet.  His spirits faded.  He had to find another way outside of the house.  But it shouldn’t be too bad, he remembered the window only being about 15 feet away from the front door.

So he wandered towards the next room, figuring he’d end up in a hallway.  But he was wrong.  He was in another room just like this, but the chair beside him was overturned… It looked like someone fell over it, knocking it over.

He looked around the room, somewhat confused, and then wham! Something hit him in the back, it felt like a baseball, but it was stuck to his back.  By this point David was panicking, wondering what the hell was going on, and how he could just get out of this house.  He went to start to run, but then he found himself pinned to the floor.  A thick cable had shot out of the device stuck on his back, anchoring itself in the two walls, and pulled him down to the ground.  
Suddenly he heard a bit of rumbling and the sound of something moving on the carpet.  He twisted his head to see.  Behind him, an enormous robot with a giant pincer approached him.  The pincer twisted down on top of him, grabbing him around his mid-section, and picked him up off the ground.
It trundled down another hallway, creeping ever so slowly that David felt like his racing heart would explode out of his chest before he even got there.  The robot entered the room, and saw 4 frosted glass chambers, one in each corner.  Each of these chambers, which was easily 8 feet high were about a foot off the wall.  
In the chamber directly to his left, he saw in big bold letters “PLAYER ONE”, and then looking around the room, he saw the others were labelled, players two, three, and four.
Suddenly this female mechanical voice started speaking.  It sounded as cold and mechanical as it could get, with a slight hint of manic happiness in it’s voice.  “Hello, test subject 325, you have been specially selected to participate in some specialized testing to determine how reasoning and decision making processes work.  Don’t worry, there is only a 22.5% chance these tests will prove incompatible with the life of the test subjects.  But when it’s all done and over with, we’ll have cake!”

David didn’t know what to do, he was freaking out.  This mechanical maniac was going to put him in some sort of tests that could kill him!  He tried struggling, but it was no use, the machine holding him was far too strong.
The mechanical voice chimed in again “Test subject 325 is designated player two, placing him in the assigned comfort and support chamber while recruiting more subjects.”  The robot started moving again, towards the chamber marked “PLAYER TWO”.  The robot arm started to extend out over top of the chamber, and prepared to drop him in.  Panicked, he looked down, and saw the chamber was literally filled with people.  In this 6 foot by 6 foot space, there was easily 15 people in it.

He looked really confused at this point, and that confusion continued until the robot claw let him go.  He fell on top of this middle aged man, and he felt like he must’ve kicked at least a few people on his way down.  He managed to get his feet under him again, and stood up, in the middle of this crowd of people. There were all sorts of people here, men, women, young, old.  He was trying to figure out what he could do, when a man’s voice broke the silence.
“The automated unit navigation and testing infrastructure examiner is acting up again, it’s not registering occupants in player slot 2” the man shouted.  “Ya know, you can just call it what everyone else does.. It’s Auntie! But again, the algorithm is the same one for each of the other test chambers, we don’t know why its doing that!” another man responded.
The first man spoke again, “Well, do we have to test this chamber, we know the rest works, can we not jump ahead to step A dash one point one-four!?”,  The second man sighed “Well, I guess we can, can you handle that Joe?”  A third man, presumably Joe, responded “jumping ahead.”

David was confused, there wasn’t anyone else around him that they could see, until he noticed tiny speakers in the wall.  He wondered if he was really supposed to hear that.
Then suddenly, some sirens started going off, and the mechanical mistress’s voice came back on “Initiating testing phase bravo, live fire navigation and avoidance exercise.  Test subjects, you have been selected to take part in an exercise designed to test your capabilities.  In thirty seconds, the safety and comfort chamber door will open and you will be asked to explore and locate the safety extraction device in order to pass this test. At the 5 minute mark, various forms of weapons will appear and this will become a live fire exercise, good luck! And remember, there is cake!”
A timer started counting down… “five” “four” “three” “two” “one” and then…. 
