I let out a hefty burp as the barman took away my last pint. My seventh pint. Now, now I was ready. I didn't so much as hop off my stool, as fall off my stool, but I regained my balance, nodded again at the bemused barman, and made my dragging tracks out of the pub.

3:06pm. I was already six minutes late. Fantastic! And it had only taken me just over an hour to down those six pints. Was it seven? I actually felt pretty good then, I'd have to push that pervasive feeling down into my belly before I got in.

I skipped merrily into the building, before reminding myself that I didn't want to show too much enthusiasm. I burped again, openly. The sound echoed around the dusty old corridor I was making my way through, hopefully just far enough to reach into the main stage area. And then I was in the actual theatre, that hadn't taken so long. Things were a little fuzzy.

"Hello!" I shouted, muting myself quickly. Too friendly. Way too friendly. "I'm here for the...the audition." I gulped out, swaying slightly. A young, quite attracti-no, get the goggles off-mousy little woman with a clipboard hushed me. I thought she was the noisy one. Both of her was.

"The director's already auditioning someone, you-"

She was cut off by the director, who's head had turned from the stage to me. I think he was wearing clothes. It's only conjecture at this point.

"Now THAT is the kind of bold entrance I'm looking for!" He turned back to the man auditioning. "Get the fuck off my stage, kindly, darling." Back to me. "Well? I recognise your headshot's, your agent was awfully keen that we see you. I didn't see it myself but now..." He was balding, actually quite attrac-NO-focus on fucking it up, fuck. Focus on something. 

I walked along the walls and the seats of the place it seemed as the revolving theatre steadily decided to pulse in time with my steps as I walked along the walls and the seats and the of place as I walked along-

"Have you learnt the audition piece?"

What? Hadn't bothered looking. When did I get on the stage? I didn't want to work yet, it was too soon. Fuck my agent. Maybe I should fuck my agent.

"Maybe I should fuck my agent?"

Was that my outside head voice? 

"You're a bit of a wildcard aren't you? Forget the piece, I like what I see. I want to workshop this with you."

No, no, no. That was a good start, I didn't DO good starts. I had to rectify this. By completely throwing it. No time for subtlety. But Janice, she wouldn't represent me anymore in the future if I made it obvious? Did I care? I had to care...I couldn't set myself back eleven years representation wise, but I needed more time off.

"I'm going to be honesht...excuse me...with you mate. I'm pissed."

Silence. That was good right? Why was he smiling wider?

"Oh yes!" He enthused, raising his hands up. How many fingers? "So. Am. I DARLING! That's why we're doing this isn't it? To show them how pissed off we are. We'll make them really *think* about it before they do it to they're own families in the future!"

What was this? He hadn't understood, the prick. I didn't want to think about families. Why did everyone want to talk about-

"No." I said, trying to strike a defiant pose. I nailed it. "I'm pissed."

More silence, yet. Yes?

"I'm fucked. I'm trollied. I'm smashed. Drunk. As the probervial...skunk." I smiled at my own...well that wasn't really a joke was it? No don't smile! "No, you need to stop smiling too!" Out of the head voice again. Didn't matter. I had to throw it now.

"Ooooh! Lynn, make a note of this man here! We've got ourselves a method actor! I love it! You know, it's this kind of bravery that I've been searching for these past two weeks. It's splendid. Show me angry!"

"OH FUCK OFF!" I roared, who was this-Wait! No! Wrong timing! I burped again and tripped over a rope that wasn't there. "I'm actually really nice."

The director jumped out of his seat and squealed. The man squealed. It was adorable really but I was not doing the best job at doing the worst job like I'd hoped.

"Oh I'm sure you are, but I can feel that power behind you, that burning intensity. I shouldn't be saying this but you're the best *fucking* fit for this part we've had on that stage yet. I just need to get a glimpse of your-"

"No...please no!" I wailed, dropping to my knee's in a manner I wished I could summon when I really wanted a part. "I can't do this. I'm just. Not. Ready. Yet."

"YES!!!" The director squealed, no screeched, no screamed. "Your sensitive side is *BRILLIANT*! You've got the part! Lynn, mark him down for the drunken, broken father role, I don't want to see anyone else, let's go for a coffee, I'm sick of this fucking space."

I blinked and he was gone. 

Did he say.

Drunken. Broken.

Father?