It's a shi..y world we live in, we're full of scars, some bigger, some smaller. Like it is possible to tell only truth, hah it is impossible. 

Do u even know what it means? Scars opening in middle of conversation, blood drops everywhere, wars on daily basis, destruction, marriages not existing, all cause of incapability to say a lie, hide emotions, black and white world.. can you only imagine!!! Can u? TRY! Take ur time and try it I said!! 

Did u, I can see you're still watching at me like I'm some kind of freak, heh I'm not, you just don't like to lie? 

Nevermind, I'll finish what I started, u just sit there and continue listening emptiness , you can say something if you wanna... Heh i know you will at some point, hahaha. 

So there was a guy I met few years back, he didn't look like much, some suit, black suit, red silk shirt, red tie, snickers and golden necklace, haha he looked like sh.t to be honest, something like you at the moment hahaha . But something attracted me to him in some crazy way, not sexually don't get me wrong hahaha. Told you about our world, scars and all that crazy sh.t, he whatsoever was perfect, no visible scars, owowow... Forgot to tell you... Hi hi hi... There is a lets say "natural" law about scares we get when we lie.. the greater the lie is the greater tattoo u get for life hahaha. No need to inspect me... I have some big scares, not that big as... 

I'm sorry I wondered somewhere... For sake of our conversation let's call him "Incredible" cause that's what he was in a way, quite a figure. 

After hours of conversation, drugs, drinks and some "cool" new scares on me we decided it is time to go.

Ridiculous thing is we stayed at same hotel, so we shared a cab, kinda awkward to call it cab, it's more like a...  hmm like a..  whatever... no need to talk about it... 

Can u say something? I guess not hihihi! What time is it? Sorry I'm in the hurry so let me get to important part, I'm part of something you can't process atm, something so big it is pointless to explain to you..  That guy I was talking about, Incredible, I saw him without shirt, still feeling itching every time I remember, he actually had a scar, scar so big I wondered how was he still alive. My curiosity didn't let me not knowing Wtf was that, it was fucking biggest scar ever, never seen one bigger than finger, but this... was enormous. So I asked him about it, he didn't wanna talk, I had to investigate on my own, I just had to know. 

Turns out he was the first, all of it started with one man's lie, sure they helped, those scars heal fast, but wasn't even close to helping us as a race, with that everything went wrong. I'm here to make sure they are never created at first place. 

Hahaha I can see by you're look u know who I am, what I'm here for, and hell yea we managed to create time machine baby hahaha!! 

So Incredible any last words except that ur nanobots are helping us rise as a race, their consciousness is exterminating us instead of helping hahaha, it was biggest lie ever, they should never exist, I'm here to make sure this time never gets to know suffering we had. I will make world a better place! 

Incredible : my work always meant to help us, but be sure in one thing, you're not making world a better place haha. I think ur wound will make a hell big scar hahaha 




