The bruises don't matter any more. The taste of blood barely registers. They have broken my bones, cracked my teeth, and ripped my flesh, every day for six months. At some point, rats chewed off the tips of three fingers in my left hand. My right eye no longer opens. I can feel something broken in my feet. They grind when I try to move them, or when the pig fuckers try to make me stand for my daily "shower". And every night, as I cry myself to sleep, Death, himself, comes to me. 

The first time he came was after a day of particularly brutal beatings. I thought it was my time to go, but he didn't take me. He just seemed to want to talk, but I begged him to release me. He just shook his skull, touched my arm gently, and disappeared.

He came back every night. Slowly I opened up to him and we got to know each other fairly well. I always assumed that Death was an eternal spirit, but it was more of a mantle worn by different people throughout time. Kind of like that Piers Anthony book. I learned that he once had a family, a job, a house, two cars and a dog. Pretty much everything I never had. I told him about my shitty childhood, my loner existance, my time in prison, and that I had never been in love. I could feel his sadness toward me and it was a new kind of torture, one that was new to me.

One night, Death came to me, fuming with rage. I could feel it, like an oppressive wind, before he arrived, and when he did appear, it was fierce and sudden. A crack like a gunshot rang out. The cool, damp air became dry and hot. Death stood before me with flames in his eye sockets and a crooked smile upon his face.

"Fate is a crippled bitch. Come on, let's go."

He took my hand and pulled hard. I could feel his inner flame burning in my arm, then my chest, my head, my abdomen, and finally my broken feet. It replaced my pain with something I can only explain as life-fire. I stood up with no effort, placed my free hand upon the boney shoulder of the Reaper, and looked into those flame filled sockets.

"Thank you, my friend."

Before I knew what was happening, we were outside, standing next to a massive horse made of bone, wrapped in dry leather. When it moved, the rattling of its bones sounded like a xylophone played through a distorted guitar amp. Death mounted his horse and extended a hand to me. I took it, he effortlessly pulled me up behind him. The great creature raised up on his hind legs, bellowed a fierce neigh, reminiscent of the tortured screams of a thousand dying humans, and bolted into the night.