The gleaming steel of the scythe’s blade scraped against the cold stone floor, parting the dust neatly as it was dragged by the wielder.

“Not today.”

“Come on, Ansel. Why not take the path of least resistance?”

“If the path of least resistance involves their immediate death, I don’t care.”

“Who said anything about immediate?”

Ansel’s footsteps echoed as he paced about the crypt. Behind him drifted a figure in a ragged cloak, lazily dragging his scythe with one hand, barely holding onto the handle. Death’s expressionless skull lolled from one side to the other as it shambled alongside the annoyed prince.

The king was declared dead two weeks ago. Due to a lack of air, he collapsed while on an expedition the highest peak of the land, his unconscious body soaring and rolling down the mountain as his minstrels stared at the almost comical scene. Due to a lack of heir, princes of surrounding kingdoms immediately pined for the empty throne. In the midst of their covetous war, they all called to their patron deities. Miraculously, every single one of them answered. Bearded warriors came down from the heavens. Unsightly monsters rose from the seas. Abhorrent abominations crawled from the depths of the earth, all willing to serve the princes who summoned them.

And Ansel made the mistake to not believe in any of them until it was too late. He performed no worship, had faith in no deity. He only believed in what I saw, and what he saw was death amassing by the thousands as their war slowly destroyed the very kingdom they fought to possess.

He took to the old crypts of his castle to consult his ancestors. Ansel thought they would guide him in these trying times. He had never asked help from them before, but he besought what spirits would listen. He spoke of the countless deaths. He spoke of the greed of man, and he wept for his weakness in the face of other kingdoms.

He shuddered through his tears and came to a revelation. He was not weak because he cannot grant death. He was weak because he is not strong enough to stop the tide of war. To win the kingdom, to win the war, he decided to peacefully dismantle every prince and their army.

But he did not know how.

That is when he heard ancient bones stir behind him, clicking along stone as rough fabric shuffled and shifted. Startled, Ansel turned around to find Death himself, incarnate within mortal bone, shrouded by a funeral cloak.

That was two hours ago. Exasperated conversation took place between Ansel and the skeleton, who spoke within the mind rather than through sound.

“Listen, I manage the souls of the dead, and collect them whenever I chose. I can cut the string on every prince, every deity, every soldier. You refusing the opportunity is baffling and frustrating. I can hear the souls, you know. Even the king, whose kingdom you are *currently fighting to claim*, thinks you’re being stupid.”

“I don’t want just another war. I want something I can keep. What’s the point of ruling a kingdom if they all cower before death? Kinda puts a damper on any motivation to maintain that kingdom if their fate can be cut short at any second.”

Death laughed within Ansel’s head, sending an acute shiver down his spine. “Please, Ansel. That’s every day. You can be enjoying breakfast and collapse on your scrambled eggs, lifeless without warning or a second thought. You can be hiking and suddenly lose your breath and ragdoll off a cliff. Death is always just around the corner, and the only reason you can’t accept it is because it’s staring you in the face.”

Ansel stopped in his tracks, deep in thought.

He turned to face Death. “You describe your job as cutting the strings of fate. Are you able to just... not do that?”

“What do you mean?” Death asked, “Just ignore a mortal coil and let it stretch too thin? That’s the exact reason why my job exists, Ansel! People are not meant to live longer than they do. Immortality is far worse than death. Believe me, every time I’ve forgotten or let somebody live their life more than they should, they always, *always* mess the world up bigtime.”

“And what if we used it as a bargaining chip? Promise immortality to those who relinquish the kingdom?” Ansel pondered.

Death picked his scythe up from the ground, holding the reaper properly and testing the weight of the blade in his pale hand. He was deep in consideration, although you couldn’t tell from his blank expression. Eventually, a sigh filled Ansel’s mind, and Death spoke one word.

“Okay.”

Ansel and his macabre sponsor roamed from castle to castle, to every military encampment, and alongside every traveling conqueror. With Death taking a backseat and leaving the strings of fate be, Ansel promised and demonstrated immortality to all those who desired it. He gained a following as countless relinquished their mortality. Within a hundred years, he held not just the coveted kingdom in his hands, but every kingdom in all the lands. Death was all but forgotten, and all placed their faith in Ansel. The old gods and deities were forgotten or slaughtered depending on their nature.

Millennia passed as humanity reached a point of stagnation. Overpopulation was no concern, for immortal mankind lost their desire to populate. In their long years, they lost desire as a whole. For so long they walked the earth, reveling in their victory over death, they diluted the value of life. And Death watched over the still and miserable land. Ansel sat upon his throne, sunken into the seat. Old and grey, with pale skin taut across aching bones. He stared blankly at his dusty throne room through eyes clouded by age. Not a word was spoken throughout the land, for no one felt a desire to speak.

Silent and regretful, Death placed his hand on Ansel’s equally skeletal shoulder. Not a word was spoken as the blade of Death’s scythe, carried on rotten wood and swung with ivory, cut the string of every husk that thought they could conquer death. Not a sound was heard, and when it was done, the distant stares of the dead were no different than the living.