"It looks like a goats hoof had sexy time with a jam jar... Look look!!!"  Gordon holding up.a black disc

"It's a little burned" Riccardo retorts

"A LiTtLe BurNed, my man EY.. hey..." 

Calming down a little and spoken gently
"These scallops look like a pair of hockey pucks and the sauce looks a small animal was sacrificed on it and to top it off the Potatoes LoOk LiKe SPUNK...GOD"

As Gordon Slams his hand on the plate there is a loud crash

"OHH what now."

The camera follows.an angry agitated Gordon to the dining room.

A small hexagonal craft had plowed through the counter.

"What the fuck is this" Gordon muttered

The craft opened and out popped a small grey being who panicking and trembling looks at Gordon.

"Hi I'm Gordon" outstretching his hand
The alien calibrates a small PDA which scrambles for a second 

Reaching out it's fin like arm it takes his hand and the PDA speaks 

"Gordon, I am Richard from a system you call Andromeda, apologies for my intrusion and the damage caused... Please allow me to offer you compensatory action via the means of sustinance."

Gordon without missing a beat and still holding the aliens fin glances at the camera "Now you're speaking my language"
An awkward pause happens as the alien doesn't know how to react.

The camera cuts to Gordon at a kitchen counter the Alien is walking him through how to prepare an alien delicacy clearly now it has grasped it is on film.

He takes a Carrot and skins it with an odd implement in a second and hands the implement to Gordon.

"Now you, like this"

He makes a motion over the carrot
Gordon moves his hand to copy and the skin falls off... his finger" "Fuck" Gordon recoils

The alien shrieks
"Ha... Ha... Haaa" says the little PDA

The alien takes out a glowing stick and heals his hand. 

"again" The carrot peels awkwardly and slowly

"Good" now watch closely

The alien goes though a meticulous process of feathering the carrot sleeves into a helix 

Gordon copies reasonably successfully allbeit slowly.

They prepare a small bird and each take turns trying each other dish.

Gordon - "it's delicious, looks appetizing hits the mark"

Alien - "Not bad for a pre-space species"

"Of fuck off" Gordon jibes the alien seems to react well.

"My turn" Gordon quickly whips up a souffle and the alien copies him to the letter and makes his souffle a little taller.

"All right smart arse time for the tasting".

The alien take a bite and says "it's delicious the milk is nice and that powder has some sour kick to it" Gordon nodding stops and tilts his head

"Sour... Cinnamon??? Gordon hesistates 

"Car, broach, garbage, running water, a ceiling fan swooshing... help" The PDA recites as the alien starts to froth at the gills,

"Oh MY GOD get an EpiPen or something" Gordon Exclaims they race for the cupboard the Alien grabs a small pack from his hip and throws it down it cocoons him

"Shit, shit, shit" Gordon exclaims running back to table and quickly tasting the aliens souffle "how old were those eggs!" he turns to Riccardo "taste it...
 TASTE IT... It's FUCKING RANCID! You've killed Richard! You stupid Idiot!"  

Gordon turns to find Richard standing there a little flustered but firm "it's ok Gordon it's not your fault"  Gordon pauses looking at the shell of the cocoon on the floor 

"It's yours, the alien points to Riccardo".

Coming up next we see. If Riccardo can make things right with with an extraterrestrial and Gordon finds something fishy in the freezer.

Cuts to Gordon pulling out a tray of mouldy fish of a defrosted freezer. In the back ground the PDA blurting out "What. the. fuck. is. THAT!"