"Huh? Who the hell is that?" I yelped, swinging my brand new (and rather expensive-looking) sword in a panicked swipe that sent my trusty mates ducking for cover and diving out of the way. My grip on the hilt tightened as the blade glimmered like an aurora, colours gliding across the bright metal as my eyes scanned for threats.   
"It's a ghost, innit?" grumbled Innes, brushing some mud from his elbows as he stood up from his dramatic dive. "Being that we can't see them."  
"Or, neeps for brains, maybe it's a fucking elf who has been watching us, ready to riddle us with arrows." snarled Davis, knuckles white as he clung to the dagger stowed on his belt.  
"No, definitely a ghost." said the disembodied voice. "I'm the spirit of the Blade of Kings, which Gilla Ó Treasaigh here has... claimed in an unusual manner. By right, you are now King of the Daoine."

I gave the blade a few experimental swings, exhilarating in the way it seemed to slide through the air: the perfect balance, the beautifully carved grip that seemed to match my hand exactly. It was too good to be true, almost.  
"King of the Daoine? Listen, you pointy bastard." I wasn't quite sure where to look to address the sword - holding it out in front of me like I was talking to my reflection seemed a bit foolish. "There's been no King of the Daoine for generations. En't anybody alive who'd remember one personally."  
"Oh, good. I do like a challenge. Who's in charge now?"  
"Of us?" chimed in Patraic. "No man alive could claim to be our master." He puffed out his chest, striking a pose with a hand on his sword-belt. "But the Lavian Empire patrols these lands."  
"Excellent. The last king died in combat against the Lavians. It'll be good to finally get revenge." purred the blade, the magic surrounding it crackling in delight.  
"I like the sound of that!" nodded Innes. "We can get payback for my great grandpa's homestead. And for the great fire of Kilbarra, and... well, I'm sure we all have our reasons. 'specially you, Gilla."

"That's *King* Gilla to you, peasant!" I swiped my sword through the air dramatically, trails of magic left behind in its wake, and we all shared a laugh. Close as we were, no talking sword could really ever change the dynamic of our friendship."  
"Yes, yes, wave your cock around while you can before it gets messy." scolded the blade. "Just do me one favour and don't tell anybody you dug the sword out with pickaxes, okay? It really lessens the whole mythos around it."

"Yeah, yeah, simmer down." smirked Patraic. "Seeing as we have the most holy relic of our people on side, perhaps we can take a few risks on tonight's caravan raid..."  
