**4th August**

Dear Diary,

We had another meeting today. "The Council of the Immortals". Always so pompous. I do love annoying them, though. It's one of the few pleasures that I have left to me.

They sent me a telegram. The meeting was in the New World this time around, in the United States of America. I've not been before. Well, no. I have been, but not since before the US existed, anyway. A couple of times in the far distant past, when the natives were running around. Fun lot, really. Loved the drugs. Shame the Europeans killed them all. I did try and warn that lot about it all, but they didn't seem to entirely appreciate that. Burnt me at the stake for my trouble. Dashed rude, really. Still, fun times in all.

I'm sorry. I'm rambling. I'm sure I've written about all this before, but I can't really carry all the old diaries around with me. I've got a few thousand now, even if you don't count the ones that I lost in Alexandria. But as you know, I tend to get a bit off track. Comes with having so many memories really.

You know, one day, I need to invent some kind of machine that would store them all remotely. A telegraph I can dial up entries from on demand, or something. Now, that's a fine idea!

Okay, note to self: at some point, pretend to be an industrialist, and go really crazy. Ohhh, I could try and get humans to live on the Moon. Or Mars! That would be terrible exciting. What should I be called? Hmm... Musk brainstorm names. Oh, damnit, spelling error. I wish someone would invent a way of erasing pen marks.

Anyway. Try and put men on the Moon, then... hmm. Die of typhoid? No, that's a bit passé. Assassination? No, no. I'm sure every country will ban guns in a few years - especially after my most recent escapade.

Oh! I got side-tracked again. Almost forgot!

So, yes. The Council of Immortals. They were not pleased at all.

"You've gone too far, this time." Cain, of course.

Always likes to think that he's the leader. He's let himself grow fat. Tells people it's a way to disguise himself, but I think he's just lazy. He's an accountant too. Apparently, his personality wasn't boring enough.

"Yes. Your antics are not just threatening exposure any more. They're threatening the world." Gula. She's called herself Molly now. She's fat too, although it actually rather suits her. Still with Malachi.

"Yes. Molly is right." That was Malachi. It's been a thousand years, and he's still hen-pecked. It was funny for a while, but now it's just sad.

"We don't understand why you can't just live a quiet, simple life. Why you can't just be *normal*, like the rest of us." Cain again.

"Normal is boring. And that might be alright for some of us..." I'd told him, staring quite meaningfully at him. "But some of us need a little more intellectual stimulation".

He hadn't liked that one bit. Have to say, I do enjoy when he gets frustrated. He sits and chews his lip, glares at me. Maybe I just like it when he's not talking.

Noah joined in. Hasn't changed his name in a while. We were meeting in his little tavern in New York. Pleasant enough place. Does a reasonable trade too, so he kept dropping out of the conversation. Shame really. He's the only one of the Council I can even stand.

"Look, I think we all understand that everyone is different. Everyone needs to get their fun in different ways." He'd looked around. Of the other seven Council Members, six nodded. Cain didn't, of course. Miserable git. Noah looked back at me. "But look. Even you have to acknowledge that this last prank is too much."

"I don't know what you mean." I grinned at him. Noah didn't smile back. Not even a smirk. I guess that's when I knew I was in trouble. "What do you mean?"

"You've not been reading the newspapers lately, have you?" Noah asked. I shook my head.

"Been on the boat a while. Plus, I don't read newspapers. They get boring when you know half of the people in them."

"Well, that's your own damned fault," Cain snapped. "No-one *asked* you to pretend to be a Prince."

"Archduke." He didn't seem happy with the correction.

Noah cut in. "I'm sure it must've seemed jolly fun at the time, but getting yourself shot has had some consequences."

"Like what?"

"Well, half of Europe just declared war on the other half. The entire world is literally at war."

Gotta admit, Diary. I didn't see that one coming. Cain was his usual smug self. "Good job, Franz."

I hate to agree with him, but alright. I *may* have cocked things up a little on this one. So, I'll be staying in the US for a while, I think. Laying low. I might get into movies. Sounds like it could be fun. Need a name though.

Hmm... Alfred something perhaps?

-----

*Thank you for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out my subreddit, /r/PuzzledRobot.*