Have you ever sat across from someone and known immediately, instinctually, and with absolutely no evidence that they were up to something? I've done it a few times, it's practically my business model, so I knew immediately and instinctually that when she came into my office that she was on a mission and an unscrupulous one at that.

She put her bag on the floor and sat down in the chair across the desk from me as if this office was hers and I the prospective client imposing on her time. The white suit she wore at first struck me as something cut for a man but fit her so perfectly, flattered her so well, it would have been a crime for anyone else to wear it. She was beautiful in a severe way, like a glacier floating through an icey sea. People like her rarely found themselves in this part of the city, let alone in my office.

She pulled a black and gold business card from the inside pocket of her jacket and handed it to me with a flick of her wrist.

"I was referred." 

I took the card, examining it as if I didn't already know what it was. "Goldfarb and Black, huh?" I turned it over and found my name and address written in tight, neat hand. Suppressing an eye roll at the white ink on black paper Isidore Black was so obnoxiously fond of.

"They came very highly recommended," *and you did not*, the silent implication I let hang in the air between us for a moment before I leaned back in my chair and gave her my smarmiest smile.

"And they sent you to me. I must be moving up in the world."

"Mr Black said you would be better equipped to fulfill my request."

"Well, why don't you tell me what that is," I said, tossing the card on the desk, "and we'll find out if that's true."

"I want to live forever."

I threw up my hands, "Who doesn't?"

Irritation tightened the muscles of her face. She was not the sort of person who often had to ask for anything. This was a woman used to being the most powerful person in a room and did not appreciate the reversal. She took a breath and continued.

"I encountered a being which promises it could give me immortality in exchange for a soul."

"Encountered a being," I repeated. I was always fascinated by the verbal gymnastics people went through to avoid saying they wanted to make a deal with the devil. She simply stared back at me, so I pressed on. "So, you want to sell your soul to a demon for immortality. Sounds pretty standard. Why were you referred to me? Isidore getting out of the soul business?" The hint of a smile colored the corners of her mouth.

"You misunderstand. I want to sell a soul but I have no intention of selling my own." She picked her handbag up from the floor, pulled out a small stone box, and set it on the desk. It was made of black stone and sealed with red wax. It gave off the faint smell of ozone. The remnants of some carving or inscription, nearly worn away with age, were just visible around the sides. I felt some feeling bubbling up from my stomach. I couldn't tell if it was fear or excitement.

"Looks old," I said, "Is it an antique?"

"The box, yes. The soul is fresh. Now," she began, in a tone I suspected I was only the most recent subordinate to be on the receiving end of, "I want this deal to be airtight. I don't want to find myself turned into a tree or a statue. I don't want to continue aging or be enslaved to some monster. I want to be as I am now, vital and alive, in perpetuity. Mr Black assured me you could make that happen. Can you? Or have I wasted my time?"

I opened the drawer of my desk and pulled out a thick sheaf of paper.

"It will take time. It won't be cheap. But I think," I said, sliding the copy of my retainer across the desk to her, "that we can do business."