Wiscar was always considered one of the more average brothers, something very hard when you considered that there were 27 of them. It seemed he was given this connotation was mostly because it seemed that all of his flaws were either balanced or countered by positive. 

He wasn't strong. While the not the weakest of his brothers, he was definitely in the bottom run. What countered this seemed to be his intelligence. Wiscar wasn't the brightest either, that title was held by the third eldest brother; Cardish, but Wiscar was definitely close.

Wiscar seemed to have the weakest constitution, always catching whatever cold was going around. How the world thought to give him a counter to this was his deft hands and dexterity.

However one looked at it, Wiscar was the average brother. Not the baseline brother, but the average brother. 

It was why he was already being treated as one of the loser of the upcoming battle. No definite disadvantages or disadvantages meant that there wasn't anything one could do against one who had some sort of advantage. 

It seemed that the king's crazy thought of having 27 children wasn't the craziest idea he could come up with. No, it seems as though that was a planned maneuver to get all of them here. Many of them nobles of the Kingdom thought this was insane and brought up their disagreement with him directly. Yet after the King executed one of the mothers of his 27 children, dissenters quickly grew silent. 

The rules of the 'Prince Royal' had been explained a week before the date had been set which meant that all 27 of the princes were running around doing anything and everything to prepare for the battle ahead. Many of them had already gotten a their Diefic Sponsor. Some of them had been obvious; Dorthem, the strongest and most violent of the princes, had received Ares as a sponsor, Cardish, the smartest, had received Thoth as a Sponsor. Yet others had been very bizarre; Ferris, the most musically talented of the princes, had received Ra as sponsor. 

Wiscar had yet to receive a sponsor and he think he understood why he hasn't yet. His conviction, or lack-there-of. It wasn't that he didn't want a sponsor; he had made many sacrifices, both great and small, to many different gods in the hopes to gain one's favor but, like any mortal, no god wanted to back a failing horse. Wsicar didn't mind fighting his brothers, they had sparred with each other enough times for that to not be a qualm for any of them to have. What Wiscar didn't want to do was kill them all. They were his brothers; people who had grown up with, fought with, smiled and laughed with. None of them would say it, but Wiscar knew that they all thought this would be hard. Killing one brother would be hard enough, but killing a whole 26 wouldn't be agony. Add to the fact that these weren't mercy killings meant that they all knew that they would try to manipulate each other in some way. Yet at the same times was that he wasn't brave enough to die, ending this turmoil without any major conflict. 

So Wiscar complained about the whole ordeal while made it a point to still talk to his brothers, something that they all seemed abjectly against doing. A smart choice when you thought about it; attempting to remove humanity in your opponent in order to kill them would be hard if you had to see them everyday. It was only two days until the battle and Wiscar was spending it watching and commenting on his favorite half-brother, Yrgod, training.

"Why do you use it try cutting with it?" He asked as he watched Yrgod practice stabbing with the golden weapon. "It seems to have the blade for it." 

"It's a spear, Wis. You can't *cut* with a spear," Yrgod complained. He was having trouble not over-extending himself with each thrust, something that would be understandable as his weapon was larger than most. "And with the size of this spear, I don't think I should try." 

"I think you should try it anyway. The blade seems about the right size for it," Wiscar argued. 

"I'll try it later," Yrgod answered as he leaned on the spear. He was silent for a bit, starring at Wiscar intently. The older half-brother saw this, "Something up?" 

"No. Just..." He seemed to fumble with how to say it, "Could you leave?" 

"Am I bothering you?" Wiscar had seen this coming. When his brother would push him away. It had happened to all his brothers, some sooner than later. While they all still talked to him, they made sure to keep him away from of them and at a distance.

"No, it's just... I want practice will all of my boons. The Nameless King didn't only give me this spear and I want to practice with everything he gave me..." Yrgod explained as he hefted the spear up. "I hope you understand Wis, it's not bec-"

"No, I get Yrgod. Don't worry. I probably should get back to practicing too," He answered, brushing himself off as he got up from the small bench. "Got to get my knees ready for all the kneeling." 

"Still haven't gotten a Sponsor yet?" 

"Not yet. Today might be my lucky day though," 

"Really? How can you tell?" Yrgod asked, sounding both hopeful and worried. 

"I didn't wake up with a cough," Wiscar answered with laughed. Yrgod laughed along side him but it was harder on him. Wiscar could tell by how quickly it died. He nodded to his half brother as left, ellecting to wonder the halls. Wiscar still didn't want to go through this and this trepidation continued as he took his time to wonder through the halls of the castle. His mood and thoughts were interrupted when he accidentally bumped into a maid. 

"Apologize my lord! I wasn't paying attention!" She said hastily, bowing her head furiously. 

"It's quite alright. I was distracted myself," He waved as he began to walk around the spot the maid was cleaning.  

"Is it about the 'Princes Royal'?" she asked. Wiscar's shoulders slumped at the mention of the fight before answering, "Yes. It was distracting me a bit," 

"If I may inquire, my lord, what is it that makes you so adamant about the fight?" 

"It's not the fight really," Wiscar sighed as he recommenced his walk through the castle, "It's just knowing that all but one of us has to die. If it was just a battle to see a victor I would have no qualms but knowing that we all have to die is something I am against." 

"But you would all die one day, correct? I don't want to impose on you but aren't you stressing to much on something the others have already accepted?" 

"No. They haven't accept it. At least most of them haven't. They are just trying to focus on winning instead of what it's going to cost." 

"So you don't want any of them to die?" 