Strength and belief are closely tied.
Never let anyone tell you otherwise.
My strength has waned over the years since my last worshipper died, since I was finally forgotten.
Never enough that I feared my own demise, mind; Gods are not so easily killed.

Time has passed.
Empires have risen and fallen.
I live among the people now, keeping my lawn and watching the world go by.
I thought this was it, that my existence would carry on forever as some sort of suburban monotony.
I thought that I had been forgotten completely.
But the God of Memory and Storytelling remains.

It happened on an arbitrary Tuesday in a recent autumn: I got that sensation all gods know, the sensation of prayer.
Someone was beseeching my aid, looking for help with a memory problem.
I reached out, tried to discover the source.
It was coming from one of the offices downtown.
I reached farther; the prayer was coming from a cubicle in the middle of the office.

A young woman was staring at a screen, clear frustration written on her face.
Occasionally, she would type something on the board in front of her, and the words on the screen would change.
Then she would click a button, and watch as the machine performed the tasks she laid out, frown set on her face.
Eventually, the machine would fail to progress, and she would read its final words, looking for an answer.

I was unfamiliar with this form of fiction, and how it related to my domain.
But her actions were as recognizable as they were alien, and she looked desperate.
This was going to take time.

The creation of the computer was something that slipped my notice for quite some time; I did just fine with analogue methods of computation.
Its usefulness was something that was eventually laid bare for me, however, and I have since kept up to the degree expected of the random consumer.
The machine was essentially magic, and that was good enough for me.

This woman, however, clearly needed the help of someone with more expertise.
So I began learning everything I could about the inner workings of a computer.
I learned about how instructions are read and executed, and I all the metaphors used to help explain it.
I learned about programming languages and runtimes and how these help people like my latest worshipper make better software faster.
All this I learned in fractions of a second.
My power had not waned completely, remember.

As I learned, I began to understand the problem this woman was having.
With computers, as with people, there is a limit to what can be known at one time.
This necessitates forgetting some things, but a decision remains: what should be forgotten?
What information will be needed later, and what should be lost to the passage of time to make way for new and more useful things?
I recognize that similar questions might be asked in reference to myself.
There will be time to contemplate that later.

In all this, there are times where the runtime decides what is needed and what can be forgotten.
This woman did not have such a system available to her; she needed to work it out herself.
Her problem, it turned out, was that the machine was trying to remember too much.
She knew this - I had yet to be helpful.

I began to look into the text again.
Not just what was on screen, but the entirety of her program.
With all that in mind, I could see all the interactions - even ones that would not happen.
Looking through it all, I found a value that was never forgotten, despite it being of only temporary use.
I even found a point in the test where it could be forgotten - before its last reference disappeared, but after its usefulness had ended.

I sent the woman this information as divine inspiration.
The last thing I knew of her was her smile as the program ran without crashing.
Then I was back in my suburban home, back to my regular schedule.
She would likely never think of me again, but I would never forget her or her problem.
How could I?
I am the God of Memory, after all.