"Wolves?"

"*Were*wolves, sir. Fuckin' everywhere, the buggers."

Commander Keen sat at the comms desk, letting out a big sigh. This was going to be a long day. 

"I'm not sure if I follow you, admiral. You're saying a moon in Jupiter has actual, fully-fleshed Werewolves running amok?"

"No, sir."

"Fantastic, because that would be bloody-"

"I'm saying *all* of Jupiter's moons have them, commander. Already took a bite out of a bunch of our scientists, they have. Bloodbath down there, to be perfectly honest."

Keen rubbed his temples. Admiral Jenkins had always been a pain in the neck, but this was simply unprecedented. Was this some kind of practical joke? Was it April 1st back on Earth?

"And what do you propose we do, Jenkins? Silver bullets, I suspect?"

Jenkins nodded vigorously. "Precisely, sir! Although we're somewhat lacking in that regard, owning to no prior intel of the werewolf moons, o'course."

Keen looked at him severely. "Of course, of course. So I guess we just wait until it's not full moon and then we get rid of the bastards?"

Jenkins waggled his finger. "Fine thinking sir, but the thing is, there's always some bloody full moon around, on the account of there being 64 of 'em, you'see." 

"Ah yes, yes. I'm not sure if that's scientifically sound, but sure. Why didn't I think of that?"

"Quite fine, sir - you do the flyin', I do the fightin'."

Keen sighed, walking to the window. They were nearing their first moon. "So I'll see a bunch of werewolves all running amok, once the telescopic lens is in place?" 

"Absolutely. Might I also recommend that you refrain from doing that, if I were you."

Keen had had quite enough. "And why is that, admiral? *Because this silly little joke of yours will be ruined?*"

Jenkins looked hurt. "No sir, not at all. It's on account of the fact that we sent our entire scientific fleet down there. It's not exactly somethin' I'd recommend-"

But Keen had already peered through the lens. His knee buckled, and he threw himself away from the telescope. 

"*Good God, man! Devastation! Bodies everywhere!*"

"Aye sir, plenty blood about, no doubt. Also, I don't suppose we have any garlic laying around? Possibly some wooden stakes?"

Keen looked at Jenkins wildly. His world was falling apart.

"Whatever for, Jenkins?"

"We-*ell* sir, turns out it's not just the werewolves we've got to worry about..."