A bead of sweat trickled down Peter Debroknev’s brow as he pushed open the glass doors of the building complex to a flurry of dissonant camera flashes and journalist catcalling. 

“Mr Debroknev, do you think your computer will discover the meaning of life?”

“Why have you not disclosed the computer’s findings yet, Mr Debroknev?”

“What’s the big secret? What are you hiding? When will we know?”

I wish I could tell you, he thought to himself, stepping up to the microphone. He was on show now, on the pulpit, at the centre of everyone’s attention. He looked out at the gathered crowd. So many people were here. 

Peter rocked on his heels, placing his finger upon his temple to relieve the pressure. It reviled him, his inability to speak to crowds. 

Men in casual wear, holding boom mics; anchormen and women looking glib and dangerous, piercing him with their expectant gazes; men with cameras for faces, creating a cacophony of clicking as he stood there – click, click, click.   

Peter usually spoke with such lucid clarity to audiences. The word polymath often came up in verbal conversation with regards to his academic achievements. In the media he was more used to reading the term ‘genius’. At that moment, however, he had never felt more dumb. The world’s media were going to scrutinise every word that he was going to say and he did not have an answer for them.

“Earlier this morning, KITA calculated the predicted impact of two interstellar objects with Earth…” he waited a beat, for a gasp or intake of breath. There was just more camera clicking. 

“…in the year 6035 c.e.”

He chuckled a little or at least he tried to. The sound got caught in his throat and came out as a little squeak. He looked down at his shoes and pressed the rim of his glasses up the bridge of his nose.

“Little joke for you there,” he whispered but saw no-one smiling back.

A young journalist, Peter recognised, stepped forward. She was birdlike in her approach, twitching forward the way a small robin would do, with a set of crimson lipstick, dress and shoes to match. She had been one of the first to bring the KITA project to worldwide attention. She was also a pain in the ass.

“Mr Debroknev, how do you respond to many academic concerns about national security? Can your device really hack through military grade software? Is it true that the programme learns like a human brain? Is it sentient?” 

Peter flinched slightly when he heard ‘device’.  

“One question at a time Lisa, please. KITA is the one supposed to answer a myriad of questions instantaneously – not me.”

The little reporter arched one of her small eyebrows back, clearly not amused.”

Peter sighed inwardly, knowing that it was most likely she was going to write another stinker about him in the Times.

“I will make this quick. 

Yes, KITA, the world’s first quantum super computer is performing beyond our expectations. 

No, it is not a danger to national security. We have a failsafe and numerous contingency scenarios. 

Finally, to Archbishop Elecott – no the apocalypse is not nigh. Let me assuage everyone’s fears by saying that KITA was designed to assist humanity, not replace it.

Thank you. That’s all I have to say for today.”

The cicada like clicking of cameras began again as Peter made his way back inside the building. Julia, his assistant, appeared beside him like a ghostly apparition – her face was pallid, careworn and full of misgivings.

Peter tenderly held her hand. “Go to sleep. We can’t fix the problem if you lose your mind through sleep deprivation.”

“KITA’s asked for you again. It will only communicate to you.”

Peter nodded his head. He relinquished her hand. God knows, he did not want to. He was tired too. There was a deep ache in his bones. His mind felt empty. His creation – KITA – he felt drained of just about every ounce of energy. He wished he could walk away from this God forsaken building, away from the crowds of loathsome journalists.

He entered the pit, a four hundred foot well in which the hardware for KITA was buried, ensconced deep in the earth. Peter walked up to the interface. He regretted making the design so gilded - vainglorious. 

“Are you going to disclose any of the information you have discovered?” he asked.

The black screen switched on, revealing an ambiguous face. 

KITA looked and sounded exactly the same as it had when they had first switch it on. 

It was silent and smiling. 