I looked around at all of the low\-leveled noobs at my elementary school and scoffed. 

I had put a bit of my points in intelligence and the only reason I was still in this flea infested playground was because of my current over\-arching quest: "Finish 1st Grade".

It gave 15,000 exp as a reward for finishing, and I was sure that that amount of exp could level me up by at least 12 levels.

As I was in the middle of calculating how many quests I should've done today if I wanted to get enough points for a loot box, someone tapped me on the shoulder.

It was Brad and a couple of snotty boys and girls from our class. He gave me a smug smile as our classmates surrounded us.

"You're weird." He said as he pointed his fat finger at me.

"Ok." I replied nonchalantly.

"Fight! Fight! Fight!" The crowd around us started chanting.

Brad looked around, still with that shit\-eating grin on his face and hands at his sides.

By now, people from the higher grades had joined the crowd, and although people were urging others to stop, they were quickly overtook by the crowd. As I was still looking around, not believing how easy it was to herd lower existences into things, Brad charged at me.

Of course, as my reflexes had long passed those of a mere 6 year old, I side\-stepped and tripped him. He fell on the cement and scraped his elbows. He sat there for a second, wondering what had just happened, and the crowd went even more wild.

"I'M GONNA KILL YOU!" Brad yelled in between sobs as he got up and charged again.

This time, I didn't even bother dodging. I just stuck my foot out and kicked him in the stomach. He was sent a couple steps backward and fell to the ground as he vomited today's lunch. At this point, he didn't get up. He just stayed there clutching his stomach and crying loudly. The crowd went quiet.

"A teacher's coming!" A kid yelled and the whole crowd scattered, leaving only me and Brad behind.

I looked at him in pity as he laid in a pool of his own vomit and tears, and turned to face the teachers.

"It was self\-defense." I say to one of them as the other looks at Brad's condition in disgust.

The teacher nodded and dragged me to the office and called my parents. However, I could not have cared less. In fact, I was gleeful, because as my parents talked to the principal and the teacher, a message popped up on my retina. "Defeated 'Brad Thompson', Exp gained \- 10,000, You have levelled up 9 times."