"Do you realize what you have don Abalam?!" my owner screamed, his human skin curling under the fire of his true form.

I clenched my fists, for I knew the punishment that was to come. But I did not repent.

"She asked for our services-"

"She's UNDERAGE! we never do deals with those who cannot understand the weight of this decision!!"

"I was NOT going to leave her there!"

And I know neither would you. Yes, she's was way too young. Eight years old is too young for many things, including summoning demons. I was taken aback too, being summoned between angels and virgins, the fragrant stench of flowers and incense making me revolt as I stared into her wide, scared eyes.

I dared not step out of the scrawly pentagram he made on the white tile, for I knew that I would burn if I layed a hoof on divine soil. My eyes glared at the child, her unruly brown hair, the neck of her neat blouse pulled awkwardly around her neck. Her eyes, full of tears and fright. But not scared of me... I open my mouth...

"What... have... you... done... "

...that's my thought, but it is not me who spoke it. Standing in the doorframe, a balding man stares in shock and horror at her, then at me. His robes are soaked and humid- the stench of alcohol is unbearable. The first buttons of his robe are undone, but the white immaculate neck is still on. From his hand dangles a leather belt with a silver buckle.

"WHAT HAVE YOU DONE REBECCA?!" he bellows, trying to hide the slurriness of his voice. She cringes and stares at me, tears running down her eyes in a non-stopping stream. Her sweet lips open and she mouthes one word to me... "please"

I clench my fist. I can't! I must not! it is out of my jurisdiction!

And yet... I do...

...

"You have begun a war Abalam" said Satan, sinking into the molden lava of his crimson throne... "you do realize this?"

"I do, your majesty" I say, bowing deeply at him, yet not letting go of her little body. She fell asleep in my arms. I don't know if it was the trauma, the pain, the fright or the relief of knowing she won't ever have to go back to her father again... I stare at her sweet smile, then back at my master's anger-stricken stare.

"Will you make me take her back?" I ask. He stands from the throne, pushing his cloak back as he strides across the room.

"Of course not. She accepted her fate. But God's army will not listen to our reasoning. For them, we have crossed the line. What will come to us is a raging war like the ones seen at the beginning of time. She is safe for now. You took the decision and you will stick with it. Won't you?"

She curls against my chest, her little hand caressing my burnt body.

"Of course"

&#x200B;

Satan smiles. "Then let them come"