"I dunno man... this deal seems sketch. This guy's offering to pay off ALL our debt? Just for 'a few year's honest work' as he puts it...?" John scratched the back of his head as he read over the flyer posted on the University Student center bulletin board.

"C'mon man don't be such a pussy! We gotta at least check it out right? See? Look. The meeting place is at Marco's Pizzeria. Public place so no worries about getting kidnapped or whatever." Mick clapped John on the back and grinned. He wasn't too smart but always had a way with words. Which, in all honesty was all that mattered in the real world where soft skills (social) outweigh technical or academic ability.

The two were unlikely friends. John was bookish, introverted, the epitome of geek. He was a computer science major and loved nothing more than to while away the day tinkering with his computer, crunching numbers, and building software. Mick, on the other hand, was loud, extroverted, and controlled the room wherever he went. Naturally, he was studying business and looking to get into sales or management at some big Fortune 500 company.

Both of them were drowning in debt however and unfortunately they were having some trouble finding work after having recently graduated. John didn't interview well and had the social skills of an ape and Mick.... well, though he is social his GPA isn't too hot and no company has given him a chance to build up his resume yet. Long story short, the two were desperate to pay off this debt.

"Well, alright... I guess it couldn't hurt to at least come see what they're all about. But the moment things get dicey, we're outta there alright?"

"Cool! Knew you wouldn't chicken out on me! Let's go bro."

They piled into Mick's junker 2002 Camry and set off from the university towards Marco's Pizzeria.

"A bit strange that they're interviewing at some pizza joint though isn't it?"

Mick shrugged in response.

They arrived at the pizzeria. It's a standard mom and pop establishment, though it looks a bit dirty. They walked into the place and saw that it was deserted. There was nobody manning the register nor were there any waiters.

"Uh... Mick? I don't like the look of this."

"Bruh this place closed or something? Hey look a bell!"

Before John could say anything Mick had already trotted up to the bell and began ringing it repeatedly.

"Hellooooo!? Anyone home?"

A few minutes of annoying bell chimes later, a man in a black suit walks out from a room in the back of the restaurant. He had dark bags under his eyes, like he hasn't slept for weeks. A large cigar was tucked firmly between his right index finger and thumb and a fedora obscures his waxy black hair.

He walks out and gives the two boys a slow look up and down. Finally, he says gruffly, "You need somethin'?"

"Yeah man we're here for the student loans payment thing!" Mick says cheerfully as if there was absolutely nothing off about the whole thing. John, for his part, had already broken out into a cold sweat and was thumbing his phone, ready to call for help if needed.

The man's eyes seem to relax somewhat. "Is that so? Tell your twitchy friend there to calm down a little and you boys can come and follow me." The man turns around and gestures his hand for the two to follow him into the kitchen.

Mick starts following him but John grasps him by the shoulder. "Hold up man. Something's not right here. This is *definitely* sketch. We should back out and get outta here while we still can."

"MAN why are you such a fucking PUSSY all the time!? Just come on! Let's just hear him out okay? Nothing's gonna happen man don't worry." Mick shakes off John's hand and continues walking.

John reluctantly follows, not wanting to leave his best friend alone.

They follow the man into the kitchen (which, disconcertingly to John, was also deserted) and arrive at an ornate door seeming to lead into a backroom. 

The man stops beside the door and gestures inward. "Here you are. Just step inside and you and the boss can talk."

Mick opens the door and the two enter the room. A portly middle aged man sat behind a large, ornate mahogany wooden desk. A fat cigar fastened at the corner of his lips let off a small whisp of gray smoke. He wore a black suit as well, though his looked much higher quality than the two men standing beside him. To the left was a large bookcase, stuffed with leatherbound books. To the right of the room, a large fireplace with a caribou head trophy mounted above it.

The man breaks into a huge smile and spreads his hands outward. "Have a seat boys. How can I help ya?"

Mick plops himself into the plush armchair. John sits in the one adjacent. "We're here for the student debt deal Mister." Mick replies earnestly.

"Oh are you now? Well, there's something you gotta do for me first. You know, give and take. Nothing in life is ever really free. Am I right fellas?" He looks to his left and right and the two men on either side of him laugh heartily (though John could sense that it seemed a bit forced). 

"Yea boss, nothing's free." "Yep yep no free lunch!" The two men echoed.

"Now then. Have you ever heard of the Marino Family?"

"No, are they a nice family?" Mick asks.

"Yeah.. you could say that. They're nice to their own, so to speak. Think of it like a company. You two are going to be joining this Family. One thing though. After you join, you will always be Family. You got that?"

"Like, as in support network and stuff right? Yeah man, it's totally like the alumni association!" Mick smiles.

The man behind the desk grins. "Yeah... sure. Anyway, nobody can say I'm a doublecrosser or nothin' I just let you know right now that once you're Family, you're Family for life. Now, knowing this, do you boys still feel like joining? And having your debts taken care of, of course. You, the quiet one looking like he needs to take a shit. Speak up." The man gestures towards John.

"U-uh. W-well. What exactly are the requirements of working with the 'Family'?"

"We'll get to that after you've joined. You're either in or not. I can tell you're about to shit yourself. If you walk out now, then it's fine but I never wanna see your mug again. Now, what do you say?"

"Sign me up boss!" Mick eagerly nods.

The man nods. "Good attitude! But please, call me Don. Don Marino. And you?"

"I'll have to think about it."

"Yeah? Well how about now? This help your thinkin'?" Don Marino takes out a huge black briefcase and drops it onto the desk with a heavy thud. He opens it and reveals that it is indeed packed to the brim with stacks of 100 dollar bills.

"All that, yours after you join. You'll get your fair cuts. What now?"

John's eyes lit up. This could really help him out here. In fact, he'd be set for life! Blinded by greed, his rationality/ reason temporarily gives way.

"A-alright. I'll do it."

The man grins wider than ever. "Good. Good! Now then. Let's talk details. I've got a lot of young ones like you looking to get in on this deal. So, I need a show of loyalty before you boys are in. Think of it as a test."

Mick interrupts. "John! You're good with tests right?"

The Don's face momentarily twitches and contorts into a furious grimace before immediately returning to his jovial grin. It was brief but John saw it. "No, not that kinda test. You see, I need something taken care of. A certain man owes me money. Lots of money. I want that money back. By any means necessary. By now, I suppose you've already guessed what kinda organization we are. And at this point, you've seen too much, heard too much. Now it's an offer, and a job, you can't refuse. Here. Go get it done."

Don Marino hands Mick several pieces of paper. One of them had an address for an apartment block downtown. Another had a picture of a mean looking man, with a scar running up the side of his face.

"Get the money back, and teach Joe Romano never to fuck with me again."

The two boys are ushered out of the backroom by the Don's underlings.

"Uh... Mick? I think it's safe to say that we are fucked. Is the money really worth it?"

"Nah bro, it's all good. Let's go ask this guy to pay him back and then we'll be set man."

John sighs and follows his buddy. *Guess we're in the mafia now,* he thinks to himself.