Then said Garland: "Who owns that horse Sleipnir, or what is to be said of him?" 

Air answered: "Thou hast no knowledge of Sleipnir's points, and thou knowest not the circumstances of his begetting; but it will seem to thee worth the telling. It was early in the first days of the kingdom here, when the council had established the Midgard and made Valhall; there came at that time a certain necromancer and offered to bring back to life the king's daughter in three seasons, so well that she should never again be ill, and so safe against the Hill-winds and the Rime-lands as they come to Midgard. But he demanded as wages that he should have possession of the queen, and would be given as wedding gowns crafted by the finest dwarves the sun and the moon.

"Then the kingdom held parley and took counsel together. A decision was made and a bargain struck with the necromancer, that he should have that which he demands, if he should succeed in reviving the princess in one winter. On the first day of summer, if  no breath were drawn by the princess, he should lose his reward; and he was to receive help from no man in the work. When they told him these conditions, he asked that they would give him leave to have the help of his stallion, which was called Svadilfari; and Loki advised it, so that the necromancer's petition was granted. He set to work the first day of winter to revive the princess, and by night he hauled clays from around the world with the stallion's aid; and it seemed very marvellous to the kingdom what great speed that horse carted, for the horse did more rough work by half than did the necromancer. But there were strong witnesses to their bargain, and many oaths, since it seemed unsafe to the necromancer to be among the kingdom without truce, if the king should surface before summer. As the king has locked himself in the coffers to mourn for three cycles of the moon.

"Now when the winter drew nigh unto its end, the body of the princess was pumped with clays and wafted with herbs and regaining much color; and she was so tan and strong that she could not be taken ill. When it lacked three days of summer, the revival had almost reached the breath of life. Then the council sat down in their judgment seats, and sought means of evasion, and asked one another who had advised giving the queen to a necromancer or so destroying the air and the heaven as to take thence the sun and the moon and give them to the scorned. The council agreed that he must have counselled this who is wont to give evil advice, Loki Laufeyarson, and they declared him deserving of the princess' ill death, if he could not hit upon a way of losing the necromancer his wages; and they threatened Loki with the room of many diseased insects. But when he became frightened, then he swore oaths, that he would so contrive that the necromancer should lose his wages, cost him what it might.

"That same evening, when the necromancer drove out after salt with the stallion Svadilfari, a mare bounded forth from a certain wood and whinnied to him. The stallion, perceiving what manner of horse this was, straightway became frantic, and snapped the traces asunder, and leaped over to the mare, and she away to the wood, and the necromancer after, striving to seize the stallion. These horses ran all night, and the necromancer tries to carry the boulder of salt himself but then stops for the night; and afterward, at day, the work was not done as it had been before. When the necromancer saw that the work could not be brought to an end, he fell into scorned fury. Now that the council saw surely that the necromancer advances with an army of the dead, they did not regard their oaths reverently, but called on the king, who came as quickly. And straightway the hammer Mjöllnir was raised aloft; he paid the necromancer's wage, and not with the sun and the moon. Nay, he even denied him dwelling in the kingdom, and struck but one blow, so that the necromancer's skull was burst into small crumbs, and sent down below under Niflhel where the army pursues him to this day. Crying before his daugghter, the king kisses her on the lips and mourns on last tear. To this, her eyes flutter and she stands to much rejoicing. But Loki had such dealings with Svadilfari, that somewhat later he gave birth to a foal, which was gray and had eight feet; and this horse is the best among gods and men.

þdapted from chapter 42 of [Gylfaginning](
http://www.sacred-texts.com/neu/pre/pre04.htm)