I was 90 years old when my wife died. It affected me greatly, even though at such an age I was familiar with death so frequent it even seemed mundane. Many of the people I knew had passed away in their sleep, and few died in accidents or other unforeseen events. It had all made me morose and depressed at times, and the few relatives I had soon stopped visiting me. The lack of companionship didn't rattle me much, because I always had my cat and a maid who had looked after me and my wife for a while now. 

Many took it for granted that I had come to terms with the hard fact that my life would end in a few days. Maybe weeks at best. They had diagnosed me with Cancer, and although it was one of the better diseases to end us old pitiable folk, I had yet to come to terms with it. I was always afraid of death, from as far long as when I learned the alphabets, or when I fell in love for the first time. My own mortality had haunted me, and I had come to terms with it. It didn't last long. My aging body, and now, my dead wife both brought back the paranoia and fear that I had come to resent all these years. 

In my last days, I did a lot of research on cancer and spent a lot of money to try and extend my life. The search was futile. Every man on his deathbed had probably tried before, and fortune only favours the brave. And so I died, on the 14th of september, 2001. 

Only if I trusted in religion, or had a little hope for an afterlife, would I have lived my life better. I do not have any regrets, but up here I don't really have any space for worries or regrets. 

Heaven was everything I expected it to be. A shining land of men and women, all at the prime of their age. Anything and everything that one requested would be given, except sinning and all those dark fantasies the kids nowadays have. I met quite a lot of people I knew, both in my life and the ones in my history books, and I truly was in bliss. But I was of course, yearning to know of my children and my legacy. I was yearning to see how far humanity had prospered and evolved in my absence. And thus, I stepped on our earth again.

And thus I was born again. I didn't recall my past life, or even the paradise I had spent a couple hundred years in, but it came back to me forcibly I grew. That wasn't supposed to happen. I was to be reborn a new person, cleansed of my memories and sins of my past life. But I soon realized the cause of this contradiction. The reason I remembered so much, and yet so little. 

[****************](/s "Cthulhu had risen.")

