"Sir! Sir!" The young private said as he chased his sergeant down the corridors of the extraterrestrial research facility. "Private! Don't you know there is important research going on? Keep it quiet!" "Sir yes sir!" The private said in a whispered voice, but still quite loud (you know what I mean) "But I have very urgent news I think everyone should hear!"


As everyone gathered around, the private shuffled his way into the front of the very large conference room. "Ok, well I have, some uh, new- some really, like REALLY important news that I ,uh, that I think everyone should hear.... I just got report that, um, and this is from a, um, just a local news repor-" "SPIT IT OUT!" Interrupted a voice from the back of the room. "Uh yes, sorry Mr. President. Apparently the, um, 'situation' has gotten much much worse. I have reason to believe that it should now be downgra- er, upgraded? To a level 1 situation at this point." Struggled the private to spit out.
   There was a hush throughout the room. Scientists to soldiers to politicians alike, all completely silent. The private continued "The alien, I mean, extraterrestrial threats have gotten much more violent. They've now learned small words in English and are saying things I think you gentlemen would find offensive, I picked them up on my scanners." The private pressed a button on a small rectangular device and held it to the micro-phone. It began to make sounds "Hello, people of Earth world. Us beings wish to have your land. We will take it the hard way if you do not give it to us the easy way." "That's what she said!" A voice boomed from the back. "Michael, just get back to writing this down" was whispered to a scientist in the back. "The aliens have always been friendly to this point but now, not so much. This should automatically skip levels 2 and 1 and go straight to level 0." Said General Grey in a stern, yet worried voice. "Level 0?" Asked the Secretary of Defense as the generals in the room were silently praying, hoping to get out of this mess. 
          Nothing was said for a solid hour and a half, when suddenly what seemed to be a company of soldiers, when it was really probably around 50, came marching in with a man in a thick metal suit with protection all around, walked up to POTUS and handed him a brown paper bag with the top rolled down. And as the president opened the bag the soldiers crowded around him as to protect what was in the bag, not him. The POTUS then pulled out a sticky note from the bag. Red sticky note with blue writing and a small coffee stain in the bottom left corner. The president then grabbed the landline that just so conveniently was mounted directly beneath him on the floor. He began to dial the number as the room seemed to get more and more quiet by the minute. "Hello?" "So you need me that bad?" "Um, well, we have fears that extraterrestrial beings-" "Say no more fam, I gotchu I just have one request..."

    And as the fireworks went off over the crashed alien spaceships, the POTUS was nowhere to be found, instead, somewhere in [REDACTED LOCATION] he was fulfilling the mans only request... "ya I'll take number 4, no onions"