  

I’d given myself a year. On the twentieth day of August I determined that I would kill myself if I didn’t become successful. One more year and a birthday was all that I needed to make that decision. 3 days left until the anniversary and I’m already prepared for the party. The night was cold like every other night except for the smoke from the forest fires. The radio broadcast said that the air quality has reached a hazardous index level of 174. That the main pollutant is PM 2.5 and the current air quality with long term exposure is equivalent to smoking 7 cigarettes a day. The moon is a crimson red probably due to the smoke and refraction of light from dust particles. The entire scene is surreal and for a moment I feel as if I am in another world, a world apart from misery, futility and failure. I feel that this is the perfect time, I think to myself that I want it to be the time as I stare at the door of the closet that holds the tool to my destruction. But what’s another 3 days. 

I walk outside and immediately I inhale smoke and I can feel the debris irritating my lungs and eyes . I can barely see through the smoke the orange glows from the fires consuming the woodlands in the distance. Sirens can be seen flickering in the smog as firefighters combat the flames around the clock. This time I can hear a helicopter, but I can’t see it. I looked up into blood moon and tried to imprint the image into my mind, I thought it to be profoundly beautiful and then decided to go to sleep.

I awake to a sharp pain in my chest and the sound of a large thud. Did I do it? Am I dead? I feel my chest and determine there is no hole. I proceed to feel around my temples and determine that I must have been dreaming. Feeling miserable and disappointed I laid back to fall asleep. Again, I was awakened by a large crash but this time it sounded like it smashed into my house in the living room area. I panicked for a moment thinking it might be a burglar and thought of the gun in my living room closet but I as I caught a glimpse of the clock that glowed a red 4:00am I realized that I had about two days left and if this was my last day, at least it wasn’t me who did it.

“Hello” I shouted. “Is Someone there?”  Maybe the fires close by, maybe it was a tree that fell on my house. At the thought of burning alive I ran for the living room. Multiple scenarios were running through my head all of which were varying levels of bad.

“Hello!” again I heard no reply. I turned on the lights to the living room and saw nothing damaged, nothing out of the ordinary. I look outside and saw behind the smoke flickering lights from the fire trucks. Nothing was out of the ordinary. 

I walk to the closet and opened the door. I look for the dusty shoe box that I placed my peacemaker inside of beneath Christmas lights that I never used. My hands touched the bottom of the box and it was empty. My heart jumped, and I began to panic. I don’t know why because everything in my life is about to end anyway, but I was scared. My mind was swimming in thoughts as I tried to figure out where I placed my 45 caliber. The lights shut off and the doors violently flung open. Gun shots and sirens could be heard. Smoke entered the room and the heat around me was rising as I began suffocating. I saw a feint blue light in the smoke, I desperately fought with everything I had, I fought with every passion to live, desire that I never felt before leading me to the increasing intensity of a blue light. I don’t know why I felt compelled to run to the light and as I stumbled closer I could hear a humming pulsating like sound waves that grew in strength the closer I got. The closer to the light, the easier it was the breath, the lighter my weight and the cooler the temperature was. 

The vibrations were resonating throughout my body and I could hear what sounded to be many different voices chatting at the same time as if I was in crowded in a city I began to believe that I was near the exit. I reached out for the blue light and at that moment it had disappeared, and I was suddenly facing a wall and surrounded by smoke. I could feel flames blistering my skin. All I could think about was “How I didn’t want to die” and “How crazy I am.” I heard a voice scream “HELP ME” and it sounded like it had come from within me, but the pain of the voice was so unusual I couldn’t be sure. At that moment the blue light returned, and I could feel it to be as cold as ice. I reached for the light in desperation and I could see bones protruding out of skin as I grabbed what felt to be a frozen metallic block of ice. “Please Help me!!” I shouted with primal desire to live. Not a second later the fire and smoke disappeared.   Part 1