"Ok, let's try this one. A man buys twenty four watermelons and thirty six apples from the market. If he and his seven family members eat half of a watermelon and two apples each, how many watermelons and apples do they have left over?"

After a few moments, a girl shot her hand up.

"Yes, Lucy?"

"He would have twenty watermelons and twenty apples left over."

"No, anyone else?"

The class murmured a bit and a boy a few seats to the right of Lucy raised his hand.

"Johnny?"

"Um... I got the same answer as Lucy."

"Ok, does anyone have a different answer?"

"I do!" a boy with an audibly stuffed nose yelled.

"Ok, Tim, how many watermelons and apples does the man have left?"

"He has twenty watermelons and nineteen apples because he decided to eat a third apple without telling anyone!" Tim exclaimed.

"That is correct!" the teacher proudly announced.

"That's not fair, you didn't tell us he snuck another apple!" a girl in the front complained.

"Yes I did," the teacher replied. "I said that 'a man buys twenty four watermelons and thirty six apples from the market. He eats an apple on the way home, he and his seven family members eat half a watermelom and two apples each, and the man throws one watermelon at his mother. How many watermelons and apples do they have left?'"

Some of the children laughed while Lucy went pale with embarrassment.

Johnny looked around confused. "But... but you didn't-"

"Good job, Tim, let's try another," the teacher interrupted, not noticing Johnny's voice. "A man walks into his house. He watches television for ten minutes, beats his head on a wall for four, and plays Russian Roulette for two. How many brain cells has he just lost?"

"What's Russian Roulette?" a girl asked while raising her hand.

"That's a good question!" the teacher exclaimed. "This question has variables that we don't know yet. We could probably roughly estimate how many brain cells he lost while watching television and beating his head, but the answer would be very different depending on whether he won or lost at the Roulette. You'll run into a lot of questions like this throughout your life. With these types of questions, you'll need to know how to research correctly."

The teacher then noticed the amount of noise the children were making. "Settle down, settle down! Research isn't that hard! For example, a man wants to know how to send a message, what does he do?"

"He presses the send button?" Tim asked, nervously.

"No!" the teacher yelled. The kids stared, wide eyed, at her as she continued, "He goes to a search engine and looks it up, making sure to find multiple sources that say the same thing. Now, what if the sources say that he should kill himself? Should he do it?"

A boy in the back slowly raised his hand. "Yes, Billy, should he kill himself?" the teacher asked, excitedly.

"No..." Billy squeaked out.

"Yes, yes, that's right!" the teacher exclaimed as she ran up to the boy and embraced him. "He shouldn't kill himself because he should use his better judgment! And that's the case with all research." She straightened up, brushed her clothes, and walked back to the front of the class.

"Not all sources are trustworthy, and you'll have to use your better judgment to determine which you can trust and which you should tell an adult about," she said, sitting down. "You should always tell an adult about articles suggesting suicide, especially when you find them on the family computer." She began to rock back and forth.