Date 3rd Month, 31st Day, Year of Yerg 23  
Dear diary~  It has been exactly eleven years today, since I started my silent but steadfast ascend to get close to Emperor Jikut... Eleven god cursing years of pure fucking torment to reach this point of exacting my revenge on Jikut. You, my beloved diary, has been with me through it all and I thank you. You will be praised as much as I will be if not more when future generations come to read my harrowing tale of how a lowly gardener took down an entire empire to exact revenge for when the nasty abusive king stepped foot in his garden and killed his prize winning rose bush that was going to finally beat that snobby asshat called Rerbia Faque and her "jewel of the east" Glane Flower once and for all and maybe also for destoying the kingdom, raping the land, and enslaving the majority of the human race to mine his ore mines but the my rose bush is first to come to their minds! Oh joyous days will come after tomorrow! When the king takes the sip of his favorite wine that was brewed by his right hand man for his naming day, he will fall over dead along with his generals with all the night shade I will put in it.  It has taken me years to even get a single seed of it but it has been all worth it all thanks to my man servant, Gerald who found the seed. I had to grow it under my bed for this exact moment. I tremble at just the thought of all of their deaths! I must go to sleep now to ensure I have plenty of sleep so when the bodies hit the floor, I will be in best state of mind to enjoy it all. I love you diary, sweet dreams!
Love <3 ~Penlton Guin

Date 4 Months, 1st, Year of Yerg 23


As Penlton Guin awakes, he yawns and gets up from his bed with a jump and hums a simple tune as he slowly take in this morning as he walks over to his wardrobe. "Decisions, decisions, decisions.." he thought to himself, "What am I going to wear for the emperors killing day?". He moves his clothes around to find the perfect colors, and looks for today will go down in history and he didn't want the portraits of this day with him in it wearing something less than heroic. He chooses a simple crimson red with black sash robe, as it was the offical outfit for the emperors right hand man and also Penlton felt sexy in it cause it showed the ladies some ankle. Penlton looks at himself in the mirror, he is standing at 5'9, the robe made him look a bit fuller but in all truth he was skinnier than a pole hopper, his midnight black hair that was graying in a few spots was peeking out from under the hood of his robe, his skin looking whiter than a ghouls back side but was atleast less pocked marked than a ghouls ass, and his were dull gray like ones of the older girls in the brothels but Penlton didn't know what a brothel was so he took those insults in stride. Penlton giving himself a once over one more time then leaves his chambers to go the dining hall to prepare the wine, and to make sure that everything was going to be to his liking. 

~Later that day~
 Oh how dining hall had filled up with matters of minutes when the first wave of people were allowed in. This sight from dead center of the high table filled Penlton with hope and a new sense of pleasure in the lower reason of his body that thought was long dead ever since being kicked there by a goblin in a game of "Roshambo" gone bad. But never the less it was happening and Penlton enjoyed it for a minute before the Emperor himself came into the dining hall with a thunderous applause from all of his generals, friends, and those who pockets were lined with gold because of him but not so much the common people who were there for show. The Emperor walks up to his sit and with a swift moment of his hand the crowd instantly goes silent, he over looks the crowd and smiles. "Thank you all for coming more so to my loyal subjects for they have come here in what they define as their best for they know I am a generous ruler who sees them as the scum they are but I am able to see past that know that they do what they can for they love me.. Now I prepared an entire speech but I have decided to put away and get this party rolling. My dearest Penlton has brewed and pour, all of those deserving, a cup his famous wine. Now gentlemen and their "companions" drink deeply and enjoy tonight!". With that they all drinked deeply, Penlton smiles widely about to burst at the seems to claim the emperors defeat but all of a sudden Gerald pushes Penlton aside and with a loud and clear voice "Jikut, I have
poisoned you, and all your generals with this wine. Your own ignorance has made your reign end here in this hall." Jikut and all of his generals clutch their throats and fall over beginning to seize and cough up blood. The remaining folks cheer Gerald's name before ascending onto Penlton with blood lust in their eyes, Penlton pleads with the mob, telling them that Gerald lied and the poisoned wine was his idea.  Penlton words fall on deaf ears as they begin to call him a traitor, a thief, deserter. They forced Penlton his own wine, his thoughts begin to swirl and he thinks "why? Why did he lie? I thought we were friends, I always treated him right.." Penlton falls to the ground and starts to seize, Gerald scoops Penlton up and whispers in his ear "Sssshhhhh, it will be all over soon.. just try to be still and don't waste your energy... I didn't betray you, you did it yourself when you didn't allow me to go my mother's funeral.. Rerbia Faque funeral.." Penlton didn't know his only friend in life was the son of his arch rival. Penlton death didnt come quickly as the Jikut, it was painful and he lingered for a day before being buried alive in a  spot marked with a Glane Flower. His final thoughts were filled of sorrow, pain, betrayal, and self hatred for how pity he was. Gerald was proclaimed as the savoir and the new King for the land. He ruled with such kindness but also was a vengeful king of those who did wrong and or crossed him. When he died in his sleep he was survived by three boys, two girls, 25 grandchilden, and 143 great grandchildren. His final thoughts was happiness as he reliving the day he planted his mothers Glane Flower on top of Penlton's grave.