I took a deep breath as Tom finished his report. Not to relax myself, but in a vain attempt to keep myself awake. I hadn't slept in ... 37 hours and counting. That's what you expect of firefighters in California, or the national guard in Louisiana, not a 5th term sheriff in rural Colorado. And yet, there I was, sitting in my office next to the town historian, an amateur genealogist, and one of my two dispatchers; together, we represented all the town could field against the horde.

To be fair, it wasn't a particularly large horde. Colorado isn't exactly known for its population, and even less so centuries ago. Thankfully, that's all this current "episode" seemed to be limited to, the past 200 years. Imagine, living in Europe only to find the population quintupling overnight? Sounds like an ordeal, but then compare that to the total number of dead bodies beneath Paris, in the various winding catacombs that haven't seen the light of day in 500, 600 years, and you realize they got off pretty easy.

I took another bite of donut and tried to keep my eyes focused on the diagram Tom was explaining, displayed in glorious 480p on our outdated projector that barely outshined the afternoon sun trying to stream in through the dirty windows and slats in the plastic blinds. Tom was older, mid-50s, and looked exactly like the small-town officer you're picturing: balding, but with a healthy amount of gray hair remaining to cup the sides of his head, slightly overweight but in good enough shape to keep up his winter skiing, and tall enough to be imposing, at least to the local drunks. That's what we were used to. Who would have thought we'd have upwards of 20 escaped convicts to deal with in a town with a 2 cell jail?

Tom seemed to be looking at me expectantly. "Well, under the circumstances, I can't think of a better idea," I said, trying to cover for my wandering attention. There wasn't much new information he could have said. The dead have come back to life, and the first thing the government cared about was continuation of due process -- medical miracles could wait, there were life sentences that needed serving. We got the call and went to work. The first fourteen were drop-dead (pun intended) easy, what with the mostly modern records and the element of surprise on our side. The last few were harder, especially as no one was certain how many a "few" was. Not many records exist of life sentences back when Colorado wasn't even a territory, and Congress was still fighting about what to do about capital punishment. Has a reincarnated hanged man served his sentence? Not my job to argue about, that's for sure.

I looked at the slide more closely. Three men, all born before the before the start of the Civil War, somehow traced back through journals and historical diaries as being the Calhoun brothers, featured prominently on the slide. The subjects were in motion in the picture, and even fully zoomed in were a relatively small part of the picture, but they appeared short, grungy, gaunt and naked... perfectly describing 90% of the recently un-decreased.

"Sorry, I just want to clarify one more time: how do we know this picture is them? And how does this help us find them?" I felt more than saw the eye roll from Tom, but he didn't give me any grief. He knew how much effort I had put into the last day and a half, covering for him while he went to get some shut-eye so at least one of us could be well-rested and mentally present.

"The picture was taken just a few hours after the rising, near a spot Betty identified as the likely cemetary during the time period. Mostly, they're all dead ringers for each other, especially since they all died around the same age. Since everyone arose the same age as they died, they're closer to triplets than brothers in terms of age. They're tight-knit but scared, have no notion of modern technology, and speak some garbled, uneducated version of English. Hopefully, they'll be the first pack of three we come across. It's been 4 hours since the confirmed sighting, so they could be anywhere in this region." Tom draw a depressingly large circle in red on a map in the center of the conference room. "We at least know they haven't gone through town since there are enough busy-bodies who would have seen three re-lifed fellows wondering around and reported them to welfare. We had someone stationed on the bridge over Arrow River, and we're going to assume they didn't ford it somewhere else. It'll be hours in the Jeep, but it's hard to hide in the few trees around there. We'll get 'em."

I pulled myself to my feet. "Betty, John, thanks for the help tracking this information for us. You've both been invaluable." I stuffed the rest of the donut in my mouth and tossed my keys to Tom. "Alright," I sighed, "I'll nap when I'm dead. Let's go." And we did. 