"What the hell is with all the bouncing, donkey? Are you getting yourself killed again? Take me out so I can see what you're doing, imbecile!".

I was a famous wizard once. Feared throughout every land and every waking nightmare. Eventually all good things, or shall I say all evil things, come to an end. And now here we are. Drinking back sweat off the most idiotic hero that had the most infamous luck to pick up my skull. MY skull. Even the most powerful wizards have "accidents". I said "yickva" when I should have said "jirga" and  brought an evil lair down on every one of the most powerful villans in the country. Good thing I'm immortal though. Bad luck that being trapped under tonnes of stone and filth encourages rot. Bloody mess. It was a fantastic party though. Too bad everyone died.

"You keep quiet skull. There's monsters everywhere.". 

The sound of rope slipping past itself. Fresh air. I can still see. Glad to know my powers aren't completely diminished. Ahhhhaa an old dungeon. I recognize this place. I can still smell the ogre dung and body odour as if it were yesterday. As if I still had a nose. I miss having a nose. 

The quaint little hero ties another quick knot and dangles me from his cracked leather belt. Mr genius takes a step down another corridor.

"Where are you going donkey? Taking me for a ride? Giddy up!" A crisp cackle escaped my hollow skull.

"There's a wizard to kill and you're my lucky charm." He bugled proudly. I'm having the best of luck today.

"You mean In'gvar? The horrible? The ghastly? The scourge of heroes? Wait till he see's this guy. Ooh no, it's the dunce from nobody gives a shit where. Sooooo heroic". Another cackle. 

In'gvar the wizard had a furious inferiority complex.  Wouldn't come to any of my supreme evil meetings. This is fantastic luck. In'gvar will destroy this fool and maybe he can help me restore my body!

Who am I kidding in'gvar hates my guts. But at least being in the presence of a great.. hahaha I mean mediocre wizard is far better than being attached to this loser.

"No, the other left idiot bag. Seriously, how have you survived this long?"

You'd think a hallway full of scorching pyres, angry ogres and steaming piles of refuse were big enough red flags to NOT wander directly into an early grave but every minute with this loser "hero"  is giving me a new appreciation of stupid. Ordinarily I could give a rat ravens shit but I better make sure my ride doesn't get eaten, maimed, or even worse, get me back to his shit hole town where I'll get locked in a trunk for the rest of eternity. I'd probably even end up with a hand up my neck as some ridiculous ventriloquist tries to make me his new moon festival party trick. Amateurs.

At least he's going the right way now. Left, right. Down the horrible scary dungeon stairs. Another left. Oh god how can you not see the layers upon layers of traps down this hallway??

I'm screwed.

"Are you even paying attention? Look at the wall there. Yes, there. The small rock jutting out? No not that one. Use your brain moron. There. Yes. What do you mean press it? No donkey, piss on it, what do you think?"

"I could just leave you here. Right there on the ground. No one would know you're Xa'nixvar. Xa'nixvar the door stop."

"Oh good plan jackass. Leave the all powerful wizard charm behind while you go fight an "all powerful wizard". In fact I dare you to. I would love to hear your screams as you fry up like a toasted rat raven."

"Well keep talking and I'll shove some ogre dung into that sack with yah." He shook his meaty little finger at me.

"Ogre shit? Please. Leave it to you to put your hands deep in ogre shit. Loser."

"Fine." Click. Several mechanisms snap and crackle as the tension holding them taught releases with much protest. We hurry down the granite covered floor and open two extremely over the top gold crested doors. Emeralds and rubies adorn large wooden dragons breathing fire in different directions. 

What did I say? Inferiority complex. I snorted.

"What now wizard?" 

"Oh nothing just remembering a joke."

"What joke?"

"Well you of course." I cackled loudly. The echo reverberated throughout the chamber and suddenly the doors cracked open billowing dust from its enormous cavity. Mr hero coughed. Another snicker vibrated my skull.

Mr Hero sneaked between the new crack in the door opening. The chamber opened up into a huge chasm of ornate marble, gold inlay, and jewelry adorning every facet, ledge and precipice. It was overly impressive, with a long red carpet edged in black lace rolled up to a large throne. A throne of skulls. You've got to be kidding me. This is a mistake. I'm going to be an arm rest. Fantastic.

"Come in quaint hero! I've been anxiously awaiting your arrival.". A pompous ass speaks. I forgot how annoying In'gvar was. His voice was always ripe with condescending tones.

"Shall we have a tea first before I vaporize your bones? I should much like to get to know who wishes to take from the magnificent In'gvar. Who has the courage to face the might of my sorcery then? I must have your name." He is so sincerely full of himself it makes me sick. It's going to take every ounce of restraint to ask from him a favor.

"It's Calvin sir. And I would love some tea."

"Really now? You're seriously going to sit and have conversation with this narcissistic donkeys ass?"

"What?!? Who's this then that insults me! None shall survive the power of my rage!" A tiny creature probably no taller than two feet emerges from behind the throne. I started cackling. I couldn't help myself. Even my steed let loose a chortle.

"What are you laughing at??? Don't you know I am the all powerful In'gvar?? Master of realms, slayer of dreams! Depriver of hopes! Slayer of dragons!"

"You forgot down to earth." I belted out.

"Shut up you're going to get me killed." 

I snorted. "You're doing that well enough on your own!"

"That's it!!! I've had it! Face the wrath of the all powerful, all knowing, all magnificent In'gvar!!" 

He raised his tiny arms forward, robes draping to the floor in a puddle of cloth. Tiny words escaped his murmmering lips and then he lurched forward... 

We both expected something. 

Nothing.

Zero. Zilch. Then the tiniest little fart gasped it's last breath echoing throughout the empty chamber. 

I nearly died laughing. Even Calvin couldn't contain himself. In'gvar turned several bright shades of anger and yelled another incantation.

Nothing. 

I forgot about this neat little trick that I discovered. After mellenia of studying magic a strange powerful field had taken home about my person that completely negated the magical powers of anyone within range of casting spells on me. It was the most useful trick which more or less secured my dominance over everything. Except myself. My own magic was strong enough to penetrate the barrier. Imagine my surprise when ten years after collapsing an evil lair on myself I'm looking at my own bones wondering what the hell happened. Live and learn I guess!

"Well I'm not going to waste any time then.". Calvin walked up to the stammering terrified wizard and punted him across the room. A small golden goblet sat on a table to the left of the over the top skull throne filled to the brim with red wine. Calvin promptly emptied it, and began untying me from his belt.

"You're just going to stuff me back in that sack? After all the things I did for you?"

"We're done here. And I'm tired of hearing you talk." He reached down and pulled off a disgusting sweaty sock and stuffed it in my jaw. Bloody unappreciative if you ask me. Lights out and I'm bouncing in a sack on some sweaty imbeciles back. The luck. Even if In'gvar had killed him his magic would have been useless. To that matter, every wizards magic would be useless. The horror of realization crept over me.

I will always be a skeleton. The same magic that gave me dominance has also secured my ever lasting misery. There will never be a wizard who can restore me. And as I thumped into the bottom of what felt like a hard wooden floor all the magic in the world couldn't prepare me for the horrific ventriloquist act of Calvin junior, the magnificent market peasants son.
