Jhon looked over the valley, the view from the very top of mount Everest was mesmerising. The sun had just burst over the horizon and filled the world with the bright light of a new dawn. He took a sip from the warm tea in his hand, it tasted marvellous, no human could ever make such good Tea. Just as he as about to take a second sip form his cup time slowed down and the liquid stopped moving. Jhon growled and looked up   
 “Couldn’t you at least wait until I finished my last tea?”  
 Behind him appeared Roth, slender looking with papyrus coloured skin. Two horns stood strong toward the sky, and a small fire lighted the end of his tail.   
 

“You know that’s not how we roll, everything has its time. This is yours.” His booming voice shattered some of the snow planks and a view avalanches broke free.   
 

“For the past twenty years I helped you now it is time. You are going to help me!”  
 Jhon nodded “The last decades really have been a lot of fun, I’ll never forget the face of the pope, or the one time we let those hundreds of chickens loose in the oval office“   
 

Another growl interrupted his thought train, sending more snowbanks down the steep mountain.

“Alright alright, a deal is a deal. But are you sure you want to do that old friend? We could spend your twenty years anywhere, another planet, Hawaii, right here. There is no need for you to go home” The man said, he gazed into the demon’s eyes searching.

It took some time and for a second it almost seemed as if the demon had changed his mind. When he rose his voice again it didn’t vibrate in Jhons bones, it was fainter almost a whisper, almost shy “No, I shall head home, and you will be accompanying me.”

“Well then, let me get my stuff” Jhon said, a grin appearing on his face. Pointing at his tea he added “Oh and do you mind?”   
 Roth snorted back to his old composure, snapped his finger and the frozen steam of the tea began to move again. He clicked his fingers again the long claws scratching his scales sending sparks through the air. A large chest appeared floating right next to the horned devil. 

“So, you are prepared already” Jhon laughed “If you are that determined I won’t make you wait any longer. Do you have my sword?”

Nodding the demon pulled out a large blade, signed with hundreds of small runes, then he threw it to his friend. Even in that second the silver grip had burned into his hand.   
 A large green portal opened. “Move it hunter”

Jhon laughed, took the last sip from his tea and stepped towards the portal. “Let’s see what happens when one of us enters hell” And with that Jhon Winchester jumped through the portal.

The demon grinned, he flicked his tongue sending out another avalanche. His teeth showed as his smile grew wider. The world was about to change “They will all pay ….” And with that he jumped through the green shimmering rift, followed by the chest full of Jhons weapons.