The president simply looks away.

The citizens cower in fear.

The police murder left and right.

Have the citizens ever thought, that even the people who enforces this "purge," is suffering?

Every life I took haunts me for years.

The kid who accidentally drops his ice cream.

The mom who tried to fight back.

The stranger who froze and looked in horror, not crossing that last step as the mini-man turned red.

If I don't kill any of them, I too, am breaking the law. I too, will be killed.

What of my kids? My wife?

My wife, a doctor. Married to a man who steals countless lifes in the span of a day, every year. 

My kids, who locks themselves away with nothing but a second hand book--just in case their papa comes home, pull a gun, and shoot them dead for playing those pirated movies.

Everyday, we tried to act as if this one day didn't exist. This "purge." This madness.

But today--today, I can't be normal.

I can't act normal.

Because I stumbled upon one of my kids, reading on a page of photocopied textbook.

The end of the grade was near. So when she lost her math textbook, she borrowed her friend's and photocopied the last 15 page.

It broke the copyright law.

And my heart.

"Please," Sarah, the love of my life, my precious wife, the mother of my kids, begs. "Please, Anthony. You don't have to do this. We're all indoors. It's 2 hour to the end of the 'purge.' We can do this, you just need to act, please."

She was on the verge of tears. Katy, my youngest, was cowering together with her older sister, Terra. Terra was staring up with frightened eyes, her 15-page photocopied textbook crumpled on her lap. She knew what was going on. She knew what her papa was about to do. 

She knew.

"I'm sorry," Terra whimpered. Sobbing softly, she repeated, "I'm sorry papa. I swear I didn't mean to. I was careless."

A lump was stuck on my throat. 

What my wife and my family doesn't know, is that every police officer, detectives, everyone who enforced the "purge" has a hidden camera. We are told to wear it in our eyes as contact lenses. To ensure we are not bias towards our family.

To ensure that Terra dies today.

And Sarah, sweet Sarah, who just tried to stop me from enforcing the law.

I knew the consequences of letting this slide. I knew that there are twisted people even inside the law enforcement, who would gleefully watch every. single. camera. recording. just for these kind of situation.

And if I allow Terra to live. Allow Sarah to live. The one who faces death in a later date are not only us. But our extended family. 

I cease thinking. There is just one simple solution for this. 

I pull out my gun, 

"Honey, please--"

"Papa I'm so--"

I pulled the safety off.

"please no no--"

"sorry papa--"

Little Katy only cried. She knew what I was about to do.

Sarah was first, then it was Terra, then it was Katy.

All, neatly, with a bullet through their brain.

And maybe, just maybe, a thought flitted through my head.

Maybe I could find another solution to this.

But I'm tired. 

I think we all are.

Another bullet pierces through the air and throught my skull it went.
