"Shhh, keep your voice down!" I whispered, as the girl beside me shot us a dirty look while she slapped her forearm, trying to locate a vein. My buddy leaned his head in closer. 

"What? My brother and his friends were doing it the other night and they let me try a little. Man, it was so invigorating!"

"That shit's for low lifes, man. We're better than that. Just shut up and pass me that spoon!" I was getting pretty aggravated. Math was pretty much unheard of in our small town high school. No one ever touched the stuff. But I guess Jason had been hanging out with his older brother and his friends a little too often. They were bad news - they watch Dr. Who, listen to Mozart and I guess now they're into math. When they were our age, they used to be the cool kids. They stuck to meth and they were great at it. But I guess everyone chooses their own paths. These guys just happened to choose math over meth. 

The next day, after meth class, Jason caught up to me in the hall. I had kind of been ignoring him after his math proposition the day before. 
"Hey man, just hear me out. My brother is picking me up after school and we're going to go to the library -"

"The library?!" I yelled, but quickly gathered my composure and brought my voice down to a whisper. "Jason, you know that's where all the math-heads hang out."

"Man, don't call them that. We're just gonna go there for a bit, maybe do a *little* bit of adding and subtracting. Okay, maybe a little multiplication. But nothing crazy. I promise you man, the rush you feel when you do math the right way... Shit, it's like nothing else. You just feel like you're on top of the world! Like you can solve any problem." Colour was rushing to Jason's cheeks and I could tell he was really passionate about this. Maybe there was more to math than meets the eye.

"Sure, but that's the math talking, bro. Alright, I'll come with you."

The car ride to the library was a little awkward. I kept having internal arguments with myself. My mom and dad had told me that math can only lead to bad shit. You know, if you do math once then before you know it you're spending all of your free time with your pencil to a paper and a calculator in your hand, leaving your best needles to rust away, untouched. But I figured I was not the type to spiral after trying something just once. Once we got to the library, there was a bunch of guys in the back corner who I soon recognized were Jason's brother's friends. I sat down, admittedly a little nervous. 

"Hey kid, this your first time?" 

"Yeah, I mean. I'm really not so sure about this."

"Here," one of the older guys said as he scribbled something on a paper, "just take this pencil. We'll walk ya through it."

On the paper there were the numbers "29" over top of "+12" with a line across the bottom. It was so intimidating, but alluring nonetheless. "Alright, kid. So you add those together. 9+2, there ya go. And then you're gonna carry that one. And now you add 1, 2, and another 1." 

I put the pencil down and looked at the paper. I had written the number "41" underneath the line. I looked up at the guys around me and I knew that I was wrong before. 

I couldn't just try this once - I was hooked. 