Steve hates his father. He left him with absolute immunity to all deaths that don't involve the complete destruction of his body.  And it was the reason he was being experimented on. Although, not for the reason you'd guess at first.

He was kidnapped one day by a group of, to put it bluntly, mad scientists who were looking to threaten the world into making them the rulers of every nation. But, they needed something to threaten the world leaders with. So, they decided to make a virus that would... Do something that would scare everyone enough to make them into kings and queens.

Unluckily, they took them as their guinea pig. They kept him and just kept injecting him with their serum every day, hoping that the poison would work. Too bad for them, his immune system is pretty powerful, since his body destroys any foreign entities that enter it immediately. On the bad side, that means that if he needed medical attention for injuries, his body vaporizes the painkillers.

So, he was basically stuck in an endless loop of seeing these people try again and again to make their serum work, but it never did. They apparently thought the base of the formula was similar to an ancient disease, and humanity's white blood cells were evolved to specifically eradicate them.

And now, they've given up that idea, and decided to just leave him in the basement. No food, no water, no execution. They said if he somehow survived, they'd let me go as soon as they became rulers. That was 50 years ago. And, funnily enough, his body doesn't need food to survive. Only to function. 

So, he's trapped indefinitely in their basement, his body on the verge of death constantly, and with no one to talk to.

So, it was no surprise that he went insane and began to bite the first person of that group that went down there to check out the building. They thought the old serums had worked combined to do this, and threatened the entire world with it. They didn't believe them, so the virus was transported airborne to India, and everyone died in an instant. Then, they realized that he was just partially immortal, and they tortured him enough  to fix his mind and make him apart of them as their scapegoat. Who wouldn't follow the group that has the world's only known immortal as their symbol.

All the true immortals who fought against them in an everlasting war, since their opponents couldn't die, and humanity is known for breeding worse than rabbits.

So, basically, Steve, the accidental scapegoat of the end of humanity, was destroyed by an army led by his father. So, sucks to be Steve.