“We’re sorry. It's just the policy. The gates close fifteen minutes before the flight.”

“Fuck. And that time is it now?”

“Fourteen minutes and fifteen seconds before the flight.”

I don’t know what to say. All of a sudden, a great tiredness washes over my body, and all that running through the terminals, all that scrambling…it feels as if it was a great waste. Lately, that’s all there life has been for me. Chasing figures in the fading light that turn out to be shadows only when I get there, and only the darkness all around.

“It’s okay,” I say. “Shouldn’t have trusted the snooze button.”

“You can never. Also, it was a priority for us to get this flight on its way. The normal flight to New York was cancelled, so a lot of passengers got moved over to this one. They need to make their connecting, in Denver…”

*Then, it happens. A hot flash, not exactly a vision, more like a vision, a smell, a warmth…a fireplace, a smile, a blue sky, the light pressure of another body next to mine. Comfort, laughter…but just a whisper, like trying to imagine a delicious meal long after it’s been eaten. Or before…*

“I’m sorry,” the representative says. “Do I recognize you from somewhere?”

In that moment, it all clicks for me. The flash, the tiredness, the man's face…

“How often do you make this flight?”

“Not that often. I’m just going back to see my parents.”

“I must have mistaken you for someone else. A lot of regulars on this flight."

"How often is this flight?"

"Same time, every month. Now, let's see about rescheduling..."

Outside, the flight takes off at sunset. The sky is dotted with orange-pink clouds and its colors are rapidly fading and darkening, like a phoenix’s final cry before it enters the void. I smile, waiting for rebirth.

\-

I crane my neck, looking down at the airport. My heart is beating so fast I almost can’t control it. He was there. He is there...and I'm taking off.

I want to feel pain, feel cheated again. But all I can do is smile, and somehow, even though I’m not looking through his eyes or hearing his voice anymore, I know he is too. And that it can’t be too long before I know for sure.

Before we rise above the clouds, I take one look back. The plane is full, but I can’t help but wave, with more than a sneaking suspicion that he is doing the same…