And then it happened. I opened my eyes and saw the number. 7212. Panic. I shivered. Thinking of eternity, of the trap that i must have gotten myself into. 7212. Almost always the number is 0. And for smart people it is always 0, I thought. Always 0. Always. What had happened? This was the first time or rather 7212nd first time I would have made this decision and chosen the time-relapse. In the lucid state when the decision is made, I had always been proud of being with the ones who want a real life. "Once". Those who want to lead a life, like it used to be when love and death and people were real, when there was no reminder of the temple. I always wondered, would people start doing this when the end was near, when they felt life was coming to an end? Even though there was no end any more and for all he knew there was no beginning either. Or would there come a day, so precious that he would feel to hold it so tight and relive it. Forever. The number was either 0 or forever he thought. As whatever lead to him taking the path of no return would lead him there again. In the myriads of universes created and inhabited by the relivers there was only emptiness, he was certain. He had to believe in the gospel. He had to believe that, when one chose the Relapse one would chose to leave the world, chose death. If not, there would not be the one real life lead and lived but only a specter of a life, an image, an idol. There would be no point. He had joined the Oncers the first day he could when, with his 15th birthday he was initiated, when the Firstquestion was for him to be celebrated. It was the most exciting day of his life - ironically so exciting that it would have been almost the day he would have chosen to relive - when, at the bottom of the pyriamid, behind the Mountains of Moggath and the valley Lyr, and after finishing the teachings of the ancient ways of technology and religion as the two pillars of the cave once were known and how their joining together were symbolized in the rite of the Eternal. When he stepped from the path of origin onto the path of destiny, the unending, never crossing lines of life. And was introduced to the teachings of the Relapse. He was with Once. That he knew. So what? What had made him change his mind. What could there have possibly been, that made him relive this day. This day of all? And how awful it felt. The vast emptiness of having lost all and everyone. Of knowing that those he would meet today, the things he would do today were not real. Or was he wrong. Did he not understand. Could there be salvation. A way out? He opened his eyes and stared into the bright sun and saw his final day. He saw the eagles circling over the desert and the lion by his side. He got up and thought, "once more".