“Come to mattress mart for the National Exam weekend sale extravaganza!” the advertisement flashed across my eyes and rang in my ears. Irritably I blinked it away. As if exam day wasn’t bad enough already, now I have to deal with mattress advertisements. After the exam I’ll have to tweak my adblocker. I need to concentrate. I was close, so very close last time. I can still remember looking up at the selection screen four years ago. The uneasy anticipation and nervous sweat filling the small exam room in in my tiny town, while everyone watched the names of those selected scroll across the screen. I have to concentrate, I was only one tenth of a point away last year. I sat down with only a few moments to go before the exam started. The desk screen lit up showing a small counter 43 seconds before it started. I might have been a bit too early this year. Last time I sat down with 39 seconds. With 5 seconds to go I flexed and cracked my knuckles. Here we go. The first question came up. “What is your name?” the screen read. “Same as last time ok.” I thought. I typed in “Mate Smit”. The screen flashed red indicating a wrong answer. “Ok good one down.” I thought. What is “1+0?” I cursed to myself “Shit.” Okay calm down think how do I answer this? A “question”, no that technically correct. If I give a number I might be closer than everyone else. Oh hell I’m running out of time. The timer in the top right corner was flashing 5 seconds remain. Fuck it ill just type as many number as I can until the timer stops. “Times up 9898978796549368569385965094508965498609458 accepted.” The screen flashed. The screen then flashed red indicating a wrong answer. Sweat began to bead on my forehead. I hope that was enough. The screen changed and indicating it was calculating. Shortly after the national anthem played and last years president appeared on the screen. “People of America, I hope your exams went well! We have calculated the scores and will be selecting your new government!” the president said. For the first time in her career she looked pleased to be giving a speech. She certainly had aged over the past four years, though honestly, I’m not surprised. Being selected for government was by far the worst thing that could happen to a citizen. Overnight you were now responsible for everyone’s lives, practically the only citizen on the planet who had to work. Some idiot 100 years earlier decided government was the only job we couldn’t let robots do, and now every 4 years 200 people are selected to run the country. The screen flashed and began to scroll a list of names. The honorable mentions came up first. With a shock I saw the scores. 0.001% correct. This national exam certainly was difficult, but I didn’t expect the honorable mentions to start of with 0.001% correct. Last time we started at 0.0000001%. The names scrolled, with a sigh of relief I didn’t see my name. “Oh thank god.” I thought to myself. Last time I thought I would be clever and write my name backward, what a foolish idea. The names kept scrolling, and I watched feeling pity for all those who got selected. The last name came up. For President and highest score: Matt Smith with a score of 0.1%. My heart sank. No this can’t be……what did I get right?