It was around 8:00 as the doorbell rang. Jason hopped up from his computer and ran down the stairs, heading off his mom in the hallway. "Don't worry!" He explained, "It's just Trevor and David. They're going to hang out here for awhile, maybe spend the night. I'm not too sure yet."

Jason reached the front door and opened it up for his two friends on the doorstep. "Come on in guys, adventure awaits." He said jokingly, while making an extravagant gesture with his free arm to invite them in the house.

David grinned at Jason excitedly as he and Trevor stepped into the hallway, "What sort of mythic shenanigans await us tonight?"

"Well I was looking through that book Mr. Evers found after I got home from school and there's so much in there." With a tone of seriousness, he looks at his two fiends and says in a hushed tone, "This book is either the most elaborate prank ever, or it's the real deal."

David's eyes lit up in excitement, but once again, Trevor just scoffed in disbelief and said, "I'm tired of this kid shit Jason, aren't you too old to be believing in magic? Look, I just came here because David really wanted to, but I think we should toss that book into the closet and go to Sarah's party tonight."
    
Jason smirked at his friend's cynical attitude, relishing in the moment to get under his skin a bit. With a slight grin, he nudged Trevor in the ribs and said, "Hoping you're gonna get lucky and Tom won't be there? You know she's got the hots for him."

Trevor went bright red, both in embarrassment and anger, and socked Jason in the arm as hard as he could. "Shut up man! You know it's not like that."

Jason just laughed and said, "Come on, let's go upstairs." as he rubbed his arm and turned around towards the stairs. He loved getting under Trevor's skin. They've been friends longer than he could remember and only Jason could annoy him like that and get away with it.

As they reached the top of the stairs and headed toward his room, Jason turned around to Trevor and said, "You know, I found an interesting spell in the Necronomicon. We could summon up some demon to take care of Tom if you want." He finished the sentence with a large laugh and a wink, knowing it would just annoy Trevor more to hear about Tom.

Jason laid the book on the floor as they all sat down indian style and flipped through it until he came to the page he saw earlier. "Here it is. The summoning of the Possessor... Sounds legit. So according to the book, we need some candles, fresh meat, a lock of someone's hair, water, and salt."

David looked up at Jason, "Where are we going to get fresh meat?"

Trevor laughed derisively, "Why don't you just use some burger out of the fridge?"

Jason got up to his feet, shrugging and saying with a laugh, "I guess we'll have to do that because we aren't slaughtering the cat."

Hurrying downstairs to the kitchen, he grabbed a few candlesticks from their emergency kit in the closet, a few water bottles, the salt shaker, and a package of burger meat from a drawer in the fridge. Turning around, with his arms full, his mom walks back into the kitchen and stares at him. "And just what are you doing with burger meat?"

"Uhhh we were going to try and summon a demon from the nether lands and need some fresh meat for it."

His mother, stunned and staring at him, breaks into laughter. "You guys are the craziest kids I know. Well whatever you're doing, don't ruin that meat, OK? And if you do ruin it, I want to be paid back for it because that was going to be dinner tomorrow."

Laughing with his mother, Jason starts out of the kitchen and says "Don't worry, I promise I won't ruin the precious burger meat."

Heading back up to his room and closing the door behind him, Jason lays the items down on the floor. David is sitting cross-legged still with the book propped open on his knees. "So I was looking through this a bit and it actually seems sorta simple. Grab that water bottle and I'll walk you through it. We need to space out around the room."

Following David's instructions and looking at the picture in the book, Jason slowly traces the pentagram along the floor in a thin stream of water. David continues his reading as Jason finishes, describing where the various items go in the pentagram. Jason carefully places candles throughout, places the salt from the shaker in two areas and the meat at the top of the image.

"Who's donating the hair?" David asks, still staring down at the book. 

"Well, Trevor is the one who hates Tom so maybe he should do it." Jason says with a laugh, looking over at his friend.

Trevor shrugs his shoulders. "Screw it." He says. "Just don't take a lot off, only a few pieces."

Jason gets a firm grip on a small amount of Trevor's hair and yanks it out. He walks over and places a few pieces of hair in the remaining two circles. "Alright," he says, "what now?"

"There's some incantation at the bottom." David explains. "Do you want to read it, Jason?"

"Nah, I think we should make Trevor read it." Jason and David both laugh at this and Trevor stands up quickly, obviously annoyed. "Shut it, both of you. I'm tired of this. Give me the dang book so we can be done with this. I just want to get heading over to Sarah's. People will be showing up soon."

Obliging, David stands up and hands the book to Trevor, and sits down where Trevor had been by the desk. He begins slowly speaking the incantation, still in the ancient language. As he begins speaking more lines, the lights in the room begin to dim and a feeling of oppressive weight bears down on them all. Jason and David glance nervously at each other as Trevor seems entranced in the incantation. His words grow more powerful with each spoken line and the room resonates with his voice, until it seems like it's booming off the walls.

"Thremos parama nostra hashana. Eih gala jus corum. HEINOS YAGA KALA!" With the last sentence, Trevor's voice echoes throughout the room, and the furniture begins shaking as the pentagram glows fire red. The three yelp in surprise and retreat to a corner by the door as Trevor throws the book across the room.

The boys stare entranced as the pentagram grows brighter and brighter, and begins to spin in circles until it's just a blur. The salt, meat, and hair rise into the air and spin along with it, slowly being dragged together towards the center. The items converge into a swirling, dark red ball which begins to grow in intensity. After several seconds of spinning, the items contract into a tiny sphere and then explode outwards, splattering meat across the room and the boys. They scream in shock from the explosion as the pentagram slows it's spinning and comes to a rest, throbbing bright red.

The center fades into a circle of abyssal blackness, and out of the blackness, a taloned hand, covered in black ooze, reaches to grasp the hardwood floor. Then another. Then a skeletal thin leg and foot swings up and digs its razor sharp claws into the floor. The boys stare, eyes wide in pure terror as they clutch each other's arms, as the demon pulls itself completely out of the pit, staring at them with eyes as red as hell itself.

It was a disgusting and terrifying thing all at once. Looking slightly humanoid, but only skin and bones. It had pale, grey skin sagging off of it's malnourished and wiry body. Its arms and legs looked far too long for its body, with long, sharp claws at the end of its hands and feet. The face was thin and gaunt, with extremely shallow cheekbones.

There were several seconds of tense silence as the boys and demon stared at each other. Then, it opened its mouth, displaying 3 or 4 rows of vicious teeth, and let loose a loud and horrifying wail, like a banshee's scream.

A weird guttural sound began croaking from the back of the demon's throat, like an old man trying to cough up something. "Gra.....Gra....Grakka." It looked at them intently.

Jason, shaking from head to toe, whispers to the demon, "Excuse me?"

Cocking its head in confusion, and croaking again, the demon responds, "Excuse...me?"

Trevor, finally gaining the will to speak, leans close to Jason and whispers, "Dude, what the hell do we do?" The demon stares intently at Trevor after he speaks, slowly walking towards him.

Trevor, shaking so bad his teeth are chattering, scrunches up as far as he can into the corner, as the demon reaches out a taloned finger and touches Trevor where his heart is.

Staring at him, fixed in this position for a few moments, the demon opens its mouth like it wishes to speak. Trevor looks like he's almost on the verge of tears, he's so scared, and can't find any words to say. He just sits there with his mouth open. A strange glow radiates around the two of them, and the demon opens its mouth again, "Tom."

With that one word, the demon whips around and bolts around toward the window at inhuman speed, crashing through it and down into the yard below. The boys rush to the window and stare down into the front lawn as the being streaks off into the night.

The three turn away from the window, staring at each other and the now trashed room. Jason opens his mouth slowly as he tries to absorb the situation. "Dude, my mom is going to be soooo pissed." 