I don't know what came over me. Actually, that's not quite right. What came over me was the usual teenage rebellion. 

"You can't have pink hair, darling. It'll ruin your reputation," one of my teachers, Ms. Diamond, told me. Screw that. I was sixteen, and I thought I knew what I wanted.  Little did I know that she was right.

Flash forward a few centuries, and here I was, sword in hand, standing over what remained of Ms. Diamond. I killed her. Nobody would believe me, but I did. I shattered her hopes and dreams. It was hard, but I did what I had to, for the sake of the world.

Ms. Diamond's assistant silently scowled at me, while the rest of her confidantes scattered back to whatever holes they had come out of. One girl kept her eye on me as she ran away, seemingly in a fiery rage over Ms. Diamond's demise.

I returned with my allies to our little rebel camp and celebrated a rare hard-fought victory. The authority had been crippled, one of its heads taken out of commission. 

My closest aide wrapped her arms around my neck, giggling with happiness. So many like her would be free because of what I did. Being a rebel wasn't easy, but it was satisfying in the end.

I looked around at the people around me, huddled around the fire for warmth. They were all so unique, and yet came together under a common banner. In that, they were so unlike anything I'd seen before. What would it be like to bring one into the world someday?

A few more millennia passed, and I was about to do just that. I met a nice boy on the beach one night - he called himself a "rock star," and from what I can tell, he certainly looked the part. I found him intriguing enough to eventually fall in love with, and now I was only a few months away from giving this world his child.

I knew I'd have to go once he was born. It just wasn't possible for me to stay. To hear that broke my aide's hearts, the few of them that were still with me, that was. A last-ditch attack from the authority had wiped most of them out, and others I had sealed away for their own good.

I looked into the camera the father of my child was holding, and took a breath. What would I want my child to know that the others couldn't tell them?

I thought my words over carefully, but not too carefully, and then spoke to the child I'd never get to see.

"Isn't it remarkable, Steven? This world is full of so many possibilities. Each living thing has an entirely unique experience..."

My name was Rose Quartz, and dying my hair pink was the best thing that had ever happened to me.