A young man sat beneath a massive oak tree. Its gnarled roots cradling him. Its massive canopy shielding him from the oppressive midday sun. A half drank beer; a relic from better days, rests beside him, sweating in the heat.

He’s thumbing through a Buddhist manual, “Reincarnation and You”. A solid 50 pages of bullshit reading. More like a guide for the uninitiated. A small caliber rifle lay across his lap. Its barrel covered in scrapes, the stock scared from years of use, a family heirloom. A barely recognizable crest emblazoned on the stock. It may have been a lion years ago, but who could really tell anymore.

“Hey fucker!”

The park was crowed for a Tuesday afternoon, even with the unseasonably hot weather. Although not completely forgotten, hardly anyone swore anymore. 

“Mother fucker, I’m talking to you!”

The young man peers up from the manual, eyes straining against the sun, his shaggy earth colored hair falling into his eyes

“I paid you to do a job!” an older well-dressed man, in a charcoal suit and tie barked at him.

“And I’m doing it.” The young man replied in a blasé way reserved only for petulant teens, passively brushing the hair from his dirt covered face.

The older man started towards him, ready to bear down on the boy with the full weight of his influence, such as it was. Debt collectors thought they were kings anymore. Unbeknownst to this man, the boys right hand had slipped from the beer at his side, and onto the trigger of the rifle on his lap.

“If I shoot you now, you’ll never get your mark” the boy warned. 

The older man stopped in his tracks, noticing all too well the seriousness of the atmosphere. Though this boy was young, he had a reputation already. There was blood in his voice

“I’m not paying you to read, or to drink. I’m paying you to get this damn suicide back to me so I can collect his debts!” The old man pressed.

“Old man. How long have you known about reincarnation?”

“Since I can remember.”

“And you still stupid enough to think karma looks kindly on suicides? Especially those who think that’s the easy way out of a debt? You’re even more foolish then that guy. There’s your man” The words slid from the boy’s tongue, wet with sarcasm as he gestured towards a large oafish squirrel resting on a large limb 10 yards off. The spitting image of that suicide, back when he was a human.

“So why haven’t you taken care of him yet?!” said the old man, quietly, but forcefully

“So, you want him dead?” 

“No! Fuck! Just get it done”

“Amateur” said the boy under his breath as he reached for a jar of peanut butter…
