The truly strange thing was, I didn’t react when he spoke. I hadn’t heard a real voice in such a long time, which made the sudden statement jarring enough. But on top of that, I knew that he didn’t exist – that he wasn’t real.


I mean, of course he wasn’t: I was alone. I had been alone for as long as I could remember. I wasn’t sure where all of the other people had gone – Lord knows they had left enough evidence of their existence– but I had lost all doubt of my total and complete isolation several years prior. The man in the suit was a figment of my imagination: a desperate attempt by some part of my brain (my cerebellum, perhaps?) to retain at least some semblance of sanity. I had long since accepted him as a part of my everyday life; so much so that I was totally unable to pinpoint the first moment I’d noticed him following me, endlessly alternating between furious scrawling in his comically-oversized yellow legal pad, and intently staring at me with the heat of a thousand supernovae. I worried he’d eventually bore two holes through my skull.


But as he was a part of my subconscious, I never took the odd behavior as a slight. At some point I do recall attempting to converse with him; which, of course, had resulted in a string of unanswered questions, followed by frustrated silence, eventually giving way to further monologue. But after noticing several impossible things about his behavior and carryings-on, I resolved to ignore him completely, rather than surrender my lucidity to the ether.  He never spoke, drank, ate, or slept (yes, even in the middle of the night, there he was – standing at the foot of my bed, as a child might have once stood at the glass wall of the tiger enclosure at a zoo: a fascinated observation, total focus with a certain eerie intensity.) He was totally unhindered by walls, doors, cars, or any other sort of physical object, wisping through them like Swayze phasing through Whoopie Goldberg in *Ghost*. (I had wondered at some point if a Faraday cage might repel him, but electricity had long since been lost, so I figured it was a moot point.)


It had seemed like a perfectly average day – I’d cleared the traps first thing in the morning (for a grand total of three rabbits, one of which had enough meat on its’ bones to make a decent meal) and had spent the rest of the day in the field, pulling cabbages and potatoes until my thoroughly callused hands were unbearably bursting with lactic acid. I contemplated my imminent rabbit-cabbage-potato soup when I noticed a strange sound. After a moment I realized it was the sound of my own footsteps, but for once, the sound was totally unobstructed by the penetrating sound of pen-scribbling-on-legal-pad. As I turned, I realized that the man in the suit had stopped a ways back.


Which was a good thing, right? I hadn’t wanted to be followed, or observed so carefully without even an introduction. Maybe it was that piece of my brain that still clung to reality. Maybe I just didn’t fancy the idea of true silence, as if it would validate my hopelessness. But something in me told me that, when the man in the suit walked away, he was gone for good. And I couldn’t live with that.


So I walked towards him. I had closed about half the distance when he noticed my approach, called a quick but seemingly sincere “Thank you!”, turned on his heels and began to walk away from me.


But I would not relent. I followed him, and followed him, for what felt like days, until eventually time seemed to fall away and I forgot about it entirely. In the beginning my legs struggled with his relatively brisk pace, but after some time the pain faded and I was step-for-step behind him. At some point I realized I was starting to fall behind, when he would pass through the physical impediments in our way and I’d take the longer route around them. And so I began to pass through the objects as well. It was much easier this way; I felt foolish for not trying it before. 


After a long while of walking relatively unidirectional, he made a sudden sharp right turn down a cross-street. As he passed out of my line of sight I was jolted back to my senses, sprinting desperately to catch up. I rounding the corner tightly, with the intensity of a Formula One driver, only to find that he had vanished. Up and down the street I ran, poking my head into storefronts and parked cars, checking alleyways and buildings but finding no sign of him. Returning to the spot where I’d lost him, I noticed for the first time the oversized legal pad and pen, set casually on the blacktop. I remember it struck me that it was relatively untouched: I’d expected the pages to be completely filled, but it looked close to brand-new. I walked slowly to it, lifted it and stared at the only text present, two lines in tight cursive across the top. It read:


“PEER EVALUATION FORM:


Please evaluate, in **thorough detail**, your assigned objective. Your evaluation will affect their chances at eternal paradise, so take it seriously!”


I raised my eyes from the pad, directing my gaze up the street I had traveled. There, standing in the cross-street where the man in the suit had turned, was a woman. A beautiful, young woman. I glanced down at the pad and then back up at the woman, verifying that she wouldn’t vanish too. The sense of surprise didn't last long; after a few moments she began to slowly meander away, looking deeply forlorn. Taking a deep breath, I raised the pen to the page and ran to catch up to her. 
