As the bullet came from his gun, time seemed to slow down to an impossible degree. I could see the churning bit of metal as it slowly made its way to my head. I took those few minutes to think over my life... it wasn't pretty. I was the last living member of a broken family, not that I had any children or spouse to speak of. I laid in the corner of some crack house, victim to another boss in the middle of a broken neighborhood. The worn down wood that held the people around me seemed to strain under the weight I felt of my life. When the bullet hit, I could hardly feel it, as I already knew there would be worse to come when I paid for my sins down below. In the final moments of my consciousness, everything around me seemed to grow dim save for a bright light. Cascading down from some unknown parallel was an angel - odd, seeing that I was surely not worthy of such a greeting, but welcome nonetheless. My last experience of my mortal life was the feeling of warmth and joy as the being lifted me from the ground.

I woke up - or should I say appeared - suddenly in a plane of pure white. No heat,  and no feeling, even, reached me in my condition. I looked around to see scores of beings like the angel that had lifted me from the world, and I wondered why I was here. I turned to the nearest angel. "What's going on?" I tore at my own body to discover that there was none, save a holographic appearance of who I used to me. "Where am I? What's the meaning of this?"

The angel smiled and turned to me, almost with restraint in his face, seemingly overjoyed at my appearance. He chuckled, and said to me, "Why, this is heaven, of course! You've lived through hell, might as well catch a break!" He walked on to the attention of a few other angels, who moved to me from their seemingly nonexistent activities to greet me. Each gave their own introduction, and I stood, bewildered. "Hell? No... that can't be," I choked, on the verge of tears. "I had possessions, love.."

The closest of the deceased approached me with a comforting gesture, and embraced me, saying "It's okay... Hell is meant to be torture, and I'm sure it was, for all of us, including you.." He turned to the empty space, and made a sweeping hand motion, giving life to the blankness. "Nothing can touch you here. You're free... to be free."