“You ready?” The doctor said. 

“More than ever,” I replied with anticipation. 

I was born blind. I had no idea what sight was. I had been waiting for this day my whole life, and finally, finally they had found a way to treat me. 

The doctor started to unwrap the bandage. It felt like eternity. But it started to get brighter and brighter. I blinked. Blurry figures started to appear. I blinked a few more times to get a clearer sight. 

“Ellie, can you see me?” The man in front of me asked. I fixated my eyes on him, taking in his appearance. His electric blue eyes, high cheek bones, plump lips- he had let me feel his face before and what I had pictured in my mind was definitely not what was before my eyes. He was way more beautiful in sight. 

Tears pooled at the corner of my eyes as I choked out, “Y-yes, I can see you.” I couldn’t believe it worked. I could finally see. 

Suddenly, something on top of his head caught my eye. It was a number. I reached for it but my hand went right through it. 

“What are you doing?” The doctor asked, amusement dancing in his eyes. 

“What’s that?” I pointed to the number. 

He looked up, and frowned confusedly. “What’s what?” 

“The number on the top of your head. It says 64,” 

“You’re not making any sense...”

I reached up to the number again, and when I made contact with it, I gasped. A vision flashed through my head. 

It was the doctor. He was coughing in pain as he grasp his chest tightly. His face was red and he looked like he couldn’t breathe. Then he wasn’t breathing anymore and was lying on the ground with his eyes wide open. 

“Y-you died,” I stuttered in horror. 

“So it’s true,” he mused. I looked at him in confusion, prompting him to elaborate. 

“Come with me,” he continued, taking my hand and leading me out of the room. Outside, there were patients and doctors and nurses, all busy with their work. Each of them had a different number on top of their head. 

“Carson! Come ‘ere,” he shouted across the hallway. A young boy came running towards us, he looked no more than 25 years old, probably an intern. His number was large, 23917. 

The doctor lead the both of us into an empty room and shut the door. Before any of us could react, he fished out a knife and stabbed Carson in the neck. I watched in horror as Carson gagged, blood squirting in all directions, before he fell to the ground. I stared at his limp and bloodied body with trepidation, my breathe caught in my throat. 

I tried to scream but nothing was coming out. Fear engulfed me as I backed away from the doctor. 

“Ah, don’t you dare run,” he threatened, “You’ll never get out of here alive if you do,” he grinned menacingly. 

I froze, helpless. 

“Tell me, what’s my number now?” 

I glanced up, shivering in fear. 

“T-two three nine eight one,” I choked out. 

“Good,” he grinned in satisfaction. “I guess your job is done.”

Before I could comprehend his words, I heard the click of a gun. 






