Mary shut the driver's side door with an irascible thud.  The sudden silence overwhelmed her.  Alone in her grey SUV, parked in front of the little blue house on Aimsley Street, Mary crossed her hands over the steering wheel, dropped her head in utter defeat, and wept.

"You're a miserable cunt, and I've hated you for years."

Jame's voice kept playing in Mary's head over and over again.  Her and James had never spoken to each other that way before.  The exchange scared her.

"You're a miserable cunt, and I've hated you for years.  Why are we even still together?"

"Because you're afraid no one else could want you --- and you're right.  Who would?"

"Well at least I didn't gain thirty pounds sitting on the couch all day eating Dorito's and feeling sorry for myself.  I don't have enough time to enjoy that kind of luxury."

"Why should that matter?  You don't even look at me that way anymore.  You're fucking pathetic."

The ease with which the hatred flowed from each others tongues terrified both Mary and James, each insult like a greased bullet shot directly at the the other's sternum.  What appalled Mary and James even more, was that every impugnment  they traded was true, as if God himself uttered the words.  They couldn't help themselves.  It was all or nothing now.  Neither of them could hold back if they wanted to.

Mary caved first.

"You know what.  Fuck you.  You're making dinner.  I have to pick up Sarah from daycare."

"I suppose you're going to tell me what I should make.  You seem to like telling me what to do."

"I don't care if you boil month old hot dogs.  I'm leaving."

"Fine. Whatever."

Mary had just ten minutes, to pull herself together, to wipe away her tears, fix her eye-shadow, and to try to hide from Linda the fact that she had been straight out bawling since she got into the car.  Ten minutes.  Mary drew in the deepest breath she could muster, held it until her toes tingled, and released it.  She started the car and drove away.

...

Mary feigned a smile as she thanked Linda again for watching Sarah.  Linda saw right through Mary's smile, and Mary knew it --- Linda feigned the same smile, to hide the same tears, and Mary saw it too.

...

Sarah could see the tears in Mary's eyes as they glanced at each other in the rear-view mirror.

"What's wrong Mommy?  Why are you crying?"

"Because I'm sad honey."

"Why are you sad Mommy?"

"Because Daddy and I were fighting today."

"Are you okay Mommy?"

"I don't know honey," Mary sighed.  "I don't know."

"Is Daddy okay?"

"I don't know either honey."

"Linda was sad today too, Mommy."

"Was she?"

"Yeah."

"What was she sad about honey?"

"I don't know."

In the rear-view mirror, Mary could see Sarah scrunching up her runny nose as she tried to figure something out.

"Mommy."

"Yes baby."

"What's wrong with everybody?"

"What do you mean honey?"

"Everyone was saying mean things today."

"Who was saying mean things today?"

"Everyone."

"Everyone?"

"Everyone."

"Why were they saying mean things honey?"

"I don't know."

"Did someone say mean things to you?"

"Joey."

"Oh yeah?  I'm sorry Joey said mean things to you," Mary consoled. "What did Joey say to you that was mean?"

"He said he hates me because I don't let him play with his favourite toy."

"I'm sorry he said that to you honey.  Are you okay?"

"Yeah."

"Are you sure?"

"Yeah ---"  Sarah paused for a moment to consider the epiphany her four-year-old mind had just reconciled. "It's okay Mommy. Joey told me the truth."

"What do you mean baby?"

"I take Joey's toy when he wants it."

"You do?"

"Yeah."

"Why do you take Joey's toy when he wants it?"

"Because I like Joey.  He's my friend."

"Oh."  

Mary's mood brightened a bit.  Sarah's conundrum was precisely the distraction Mary needed to escape knowledge of the cluster-fuck which was her marriage that awaited her at the end of the car ride.

"But if Joey's your friend, then why do you keep his toy from him?"

"So that he will talk to me," Sarah said plainly.  "He's funny.  I like it when Joey talks to me."

Mary's hands went cold.  Her heart raced.  Mary could feel beads of sweat begin to form around her eyebrows as she listened to Sarah deconstruct her trouble with Joey with a psychologist's clarity.

"Why don't you just tell Joey that you think he's funny?"

"Because I'm scared that he'll laugh at me.  I don't want to be scared.  But I am.  I should tell him that tomorrow."

Right then Mary knew everything between her and James would be okay.  Mary didn't know how, but it would be alright.  If Sarah could run through her problem with the momentum of a freight train, then why in the hell couldn't she do it with James?  Mary knew James cared for her deeply --- he loved Mary.  She knew this because Mary loved James to.

Mary stopped at the park on the way home so that Sarah could go on the swing, and so Mary could think. The gentle rain tapped lightly on the big yellow leaves in the maple trees which lined the park.  The fresh fall air smelled of wood smoke and old wet dirt.

...

The steamy rich aroma of meat sauce and freshly boiled spaghetti noodles wafted into the mud-room as Mary and Sarah stepped through the front door of the little blue house on Aimsly Street.  
...

"Take your shoes off honey.  Go watch some TV in the living room.  Dinner is almost ready."

"Okay Mommy."

Mary waited for Sarah to find the remote, turn on the TV, and select her favourite Paw Patrol episode.  As soon as Sarah was settled into the big brown couch, Mary crept toward the kitchen where James was bent over the stove inspecting his sauce with quiet pride.  He dipped a small spoon into the steaming saucepan, then held his hand underneath it as he passed the spoon towards Mary.

"It's nearly ready."

"I can tell. It smells great."

"I'm sorry Mary."

"You're an asshole James.  I'm sorry too.  I love you."

"Wanna talk about it?"

"Yeah." 

Mary took the spoon from James.

"Mmmm. The sauce is delicious."

 