"Are you feeling okay? Can you speak?"

"I- what happened? Why am I here?"

"You were in an accident, do you remember?"

"Yeah, of course, but that was years- oh, *shit*."

"You've been comatose for a long time - around six months now"

*Six months? That can't be right.* "But the accident was nearly eight years ago! Before I moved, before I met Alice, before I won-" I stopped suddenly, a sinking feeling in my stomach.

The nurse was looking more uncomfortable by the moment, but she prompted me anyway. "Won... what?

"Before I won the $20 million."

The nurse smiled sadly at me, "Sometimes comatose patients can have dreams, very *vivid* dreams, while they're out." She patted my shoulder sympathetically and moved to walk away, "I need to get the doctor, I'll be back." She left me alone with my thoughts.

\* * *

Two months. That's how long it took for them to let me out. It took longer for me to walk unaided. Eventually, my life regained a sense of normalcy. Or, as normal as it could be, given the circumstances.

I did end up moving, just like I did in the dream. I even got the right address. I went to that pub every night, but there was never an Alice there. One of the waitresses remembered an old co-worker called Alice, but she'd moved halfway across the world with her new husband. *Can't be her*. The date we should have met came and went without incident. *It's okay*, I told myself, *maybe things just happen a little out of order*.

The big one was coming up. Alice and I hadn't been together more than three months before I won the lottery. She always said I brought her good luck. I bought the ticket on the right day, at the right time, and with the right numbers - the date Alice and I had our first kiss. Nauseating, I know, but she thought it was sweet. I hadn't expected to actually *win*.

This time, though, I had to. I *needed* to. I needed to win the money, meet Alice, buy our house, buy the car, go on that holiday, adopt the dog, and the cat, get married, help Barry, watch the final, go to Nicole's wedding, talk to Alice about having kids, *put my life back the way it's supposed to be*.

The numbers were wrong. I won nothing except the taste of ashes in my mouth as I threw the ticket in the bin and walked back to my apartment. There was no winning ticket. There was no money, no house, no car, no holiday, no dog, no cat, no children. No Alice.

Sometimes, dreams don't come true.