  

There’s no moon tonight. Perfect for my ride, I don’t like when he become involved with my missions, we did grow up on the same street. “We’re right above the compound now, low wind tonight” Sean’s voice crackles over the headset. Sean is the best pilot I’ve ever known, thanks to his gift. He’s never fallen down, or at least if he does, he lands right-side up and unhurt. I open the door and turn on my microphone, saying goodbye to my childhood friend, “I guess I’ll see you at home Sean.”  I pull off my headset and toss it into one of the seats, waving at Sean and his copilot. I lean out of the helicopter door and look for my target, it’s easy to mark with all the lights they have on. I let go and begin my freefall towards the enemy base, guiding myself through my decent by tilting my body one way or another until I can pull my parachute.

I feel calm as I float towards the roofs of the buildings, taking in the beautiful night even though I’m dropping into hostile territory. I shift my focus to the rooftops that are gradually growing closer and manage to turn so I can land on one of the taller buildings. Suddenly my parachute catches an unexpected breeze and I’m tipped sideways till I’m parallel with the ground. I brace for impact, yet still manage to trip and get tangled in the chords and material of the parachute, rolling loudly across the roof until I hit a wall that knocks the wind out of me. I weakly mutter at Sean’s words while trying to untangle myself, “No wind my foot, I’m going to kill you when I get back.”

As I free myself from my material prison, I hear a door opening nearby. A deep voice, with an accent I don’t recognize calls out, “I know you’re up here, so don’t bother trying to hide.” I know I can’t fight them, and I’m at a disadvantage since I’m still recovering from my less than graceful landing. I raise my arms above my head and cough out a measly surrender, “Yeah, I guess I should be quieter when I land.”

I’m quickly led off the rooftop and to another building where a prisoner is being interrogated. He looks like he’s been pushed down a steep hill, one with lots of rocks. The room only has a few other people inside, all of them besides the prisoner turn to the door when they hear us approach. The man who I assume is in charge is clearly disgusted with my presence, “Why is she here?” he commands from the man who found me. The grip he has on my arm tightens, he visibly tenses up before responding, “Found her on the roof of the supply building.” At this point I just zone out, I’ve been through this so many times it’s gotten boring. I’m pulled back to the moment when my captor begins to push me into a chair, so I can be tied down. I guess I should pay attention, oops.

The enemy soldiers leave the room. Apparently, they need to go make sure I didn’t have anyone with me. I turn to the other prisoner, who seems to be close to giving up. I inhale and begin figuring out a plan, “Hey,” I start, “are you the only one left?” The soldier looks up and I see his face for the first time, with all the discoloration, swelling, and blood I can’t tell his face from the list of those who were captured. He seems to slump a little more, “Yeah, they’re all…. They’re gone,” he whispers dejectedly. I wish I could’ve gotten here sooner, but there’s nothing I can do for them now.

I stare the battered man in the eyes, “There’ll be time to morn them later, for now I need you to focus so I can get you out of here. What’s your gift?” I ask trying to keep him focused on hope rather than despair. He straightens up a bit and responds stiffly, “I don’t ever miss my target, doesn’t matter what it is, I will get it.” I pull a blade, shorter than my smallest finger from a hidden strap under my sleeve and begin to cut myself free. This guy can make this go so much better if I can just get him a weapon, “I landed on the supply building and I saw where they keep their weaponry and ammo. We’ll go for that and then I’m going to get you out of here.” I’ve finally cut through the rope on my hands, and as soon as I can move them, I start to free my legs as well. I get up and begin to untie the man, unfortunately I cut my fingers a few times with the blade whilst freeing myself, so my hands are trembling.

Once we are both unbound, I slink up against the wall and peer out the door cautiously. There’s nobody in sight. I motion for the man to follow me and start my way back to where I landed, keeping to the shadows. We finally make it to the building I landed on and head up the stairs to steal ourselves some supplies. I run back up to my parachute and take only the backpack, so I can shove whatever I find into it to take with us. The man seems to have his composure back and is strapping weapons and ammo to himself like he’s getting dressed for a picnic. I wave at him to follow me back out and before we make it back to the stairs, he holds out a pistol for me to take. I wince a little, “I actually don’t like guns, you can keep it. Besides, I won’t need it.” I get a confused look from him but nothing else, he simply tucks it into his pocket or wherever and gets ready to follow me again.

We quickly sneak our way through the buildings until we reach the spot I was told an old entrance is hidden. I get on my hands and knees, sweeping the dirt and leaves around until I find a place where there’s wood instead of earth. I pull on the handle, but it’s stuck. I turn to the man, who’s keeping an eye out, and whisper, “Hey, come open this.” He shoves his rifle into my arms and reaches out for the handle. He struggles for a moment, but it soon flies open throwing water droplets in the air. It’s flooded.

I take off my pack, and put my jacket inside, along with some stuff from the man’s pockets, and zip it back up. “I hope you can hold your breath for a bit, it’s longer than you’d think, but it’s a straight shot,” I say over my shoulder. I slide into the frigid water and continue, “see you on the other side.” I take a deep breath and submerge myself, kicking off the wall towards the other side. I swim for what feels like forever, using my arms to help push myself using the narrow walls. I reach the other end but can’t find the door. I begin to panic, searching with my hands, but they’re too cold to feel the difference between anything I’m touching. Suddenly I’m shoved against the ceiling and feel a hand holding me in place, I’ve lost some air from being crushed into the top of the tunnel. I scrape at the hand on my stomach and thrash around desperately. My lungs ache, and I feel like my throat is going to collapse. I’m starting to see white spots despite my eyes being closed, I can’t hardly think. I hear a loud pounding, but it fades out and I lose consciousness.

I choke on a mixture of air and water as I feel the oxygen return to my body and my senses come back. The man is kneeling above me, soaked and breathless. He grabs my arm and pulls me along until we’re hidden in thick woods. “What happened?” I ask still recovering from my dazed state. He chuckles, “The other door was stuck too, you must have passed out underwater.” He peers out of the bushes we’re hiding in, “I don’t know what kind of gift you have that they’d let you go out to rescue someone alone, but you sure are lucky.” I give him a light smirk, “It was hard enough getting into the program, but once they saw what I could do I was put on lots of high-risk rescue missions. The only thing I’ve ever been good at is getting home in one piece.” Footsteps and shouting were coming from our left now. “Well, I better get us to the pickup location before sunrise, so I really hope you don’t miss.” I say pushing myself off the ground. The man pulls his rifle back up to his hands and loads a magazine, “Trust me, I never do.”