**Please be gentle. It's my first time posting.**

Edited to say the above. Anyway, here goes...




Jennifer.

Dr. Jennifer Mangolini. It was her that started this whole mess, you know. 
She ruined it all. The first and last stair of the spiral case stretching from the heavens to deep down below. She played Alpha and Omega without so much thought to her actions now as to any other time in her life. I'd like to damn her soul, but I'm quite sure she hasn't had one for many, many years. I doubt she ever did.

Maybe claiming her as the start isn't entirely accurate. But she was very much the beginning of the end.

We begin with Joe. Joe was, by most of the measures I have come to use, nearly perfect. Joe was your average, everyday, healthy, suburban, white-bread, golf-outting, sale-at-Home-depot-how-about-this-weather-we're-having total lump of a person. Granted, Joe may have been low hanging fruit. But what fruit tastes sweeter? The man was ripe for the picking. So pick I did.

Joe lived what most would call a good life. An honest life. A clean life. But despite all he did, Joe was like any other living being. 

Some like to think they have control over the body through purity of thought, or through physical discipline. But this is a flimsy fantasy. And deep down, every man knows it. The ebb and flow of lifetimes is not for man to choose. 

That is my domain.

When my spark first awoke in Joe I was a small unit in a larger mass. Most of those around me were pitiful, being defeated by some of the smallest particles of Joe that he would ever make. Some broke free from the group, only to fare no better on their own. I chose to wait. I spent my time away from the horde, satisfied in the knowledge that my time would come. I chose a place in Joe that was nondescript. Not to high, not too low. Not towards the front, or towards the back, or towards the tender places that were easily touched by people like Jennifer... Jennifer.

It was in that place that I built my army. And an army it was! Great, swirling masses of us. I packed the men in. Formations where as precise as ridges on a seashell, hard as stone and born from the belly of Nature herself. 

We were ready.



PART 2 BELOW


