(I do this in my spare time, so it makes me happy to see this on here!)

“Bo-tša, bo-tša...” I mumbled to myself, trying to find the hat buried in my dance locker. The bell would ring any second, and I didn’t want to go out into the freezing wind without it. Open campus can suck sometimes.

Just as I managed to grab it, the all-too-familiar screaming of the bell pierced my ears.  I shoved my head into the hat as fast as I could to muffle the sound. The floodgates opened, with everyone in the building trying to escape at the same time. That’s another fun thing about open campus, sometimes you’ve got to run, quite literally, to make it to class on time. I felt sorry for the kids who had Biology next. Their classrooms were all the way over by the parking lot, nowhere near the dance building. Luckily, I only had to walk a short distance to get to English.

Keeping my head straight and my face neutral, I started my usual speedwalk. Down the sidewalk, around a corner, and—

“Ow!”

Straight into another girl. There was no flutter of papers, or dramatic book-tossing, just two very sore highschoolers left on their butts. The crowd flowed around us, although some looked at us curiously as they passed.

“Tšiya.” As soon as the word left my mouth, I wanted to melt into a puddle. Where was my brain? How could I not apologize like a normal person? WHY? Hoping to provide some context to the word, I got to my feet and offered her a hand.

“M-mana.” Shakily, she took it and let me pull her up.

Wait.

“What was that?”

“Oh, did I say that out loud? I’m sorry! It’s just—I’m learning some made up language for fun, and I thought you said—“

“No, no! It’s ok! Uh...uh...” I tried to remember the right words. “Vya dantsu?”

“Hold on, wait, I know this one! Dantsu! I’m ok!” Her face broke out into a huge smile. “You speak Anšyami?”

“Īde, Anšyami hasode!” My smile was just as wide. We stood there for a minute, just staring at each other with stupid grins on our faces.

And then the tardy bell rung.

“Di, danska.” I waved at her, and she returned the gesture.

“Danska. Wait, what’s your lunch period?”

“Fifth.”

“Mine too! Can we talk more later, then?”

“Yeah, totally!”

And that’s the story of how I found someone just as strange as me.

(That was fun to write!)