"There's just one catch," the Secretary concluded. "We have to do this without firing a single bullet."

The generals collectively gasped, then erupted into laughter. The Secretary didn't laugh, and in seconds the room was deadly silent. 

"Let me get this straight." General Seneca was the one to speak. "You're asking us to topple a regime, without guns?" Anger flared up inside of him, followed by a mixed patriotic excitement as he remembered the damage his people had inflicted on American pioneers centuries before using nothing but spears and arrows. "You didn't spare any bullets on my people."

But the plan was set in motion, and Seneca found himself placed in charge of the whole operation on the basis of his knowledge of primitive war fighting techniques. He did, after all, teach the class in archery at the Academy. 

The secretary laid out the rules of engagement. Kim Jong Un had issued a very specific threat: that he would retaliate with nuclear force at the firing of the first American bullet. To be safe, our forces would rule out shells and missiles as well. Combat would have to be accomplished without firearms of any kind. But there would be no restrictions on defensive and logistical technology. 

"Well, this is going to be fun," harrumphed another general. And he was right. 

Seneca found himself tasked with training and leading the Army's first airborne crossbow archer division. He was impressed by the haste with which Barnett fulfilled their first-ever military contract. Each paratrooper was issued an 18" crossbow and a backpack full of nearly 200 bolts. Marines would follow, bearing broadswords and bayonets. Thankfully, no restrictions were imposed on body armor, so Seneca saw to it that each soldier and marine was equipped with head to toe Kevlar, a flak jacket, and a helmet with a visor.  Close combat would require a slight upgrade from the standard field armor kit, just to be on the safe side.  After all, most of the troops would be unable to retaliate over any distance.  

When the assault finally began, losses were heavy from the start.  The airborne was first, dropping directly over Pyongyang.  Seneca could only imagine the frustration of the pilots watching helplessly as their comrades were gunned down, unable to drop ordinance or even fire upon the obvious ground installations.  It had to be in and out as quickly as possible.  First were the soldiers themselves.  And what a sight that must have been for the enemy.  Most soldiers had their crossbows engaged against the enemy before they even hit the ground, but dozens were shot out of the air.  It was pure carnage.  The heavy equipment fared somewhat better.  Hundreds of Humvees and APCs were airdropped into the streets of Pyongyang, and the soldiers inside fared significantly better.  DARPA had done quite a job converting a batch of Abrams tanks from artillery to mechanical ballistas, but it was the crews’ own improvisations that really impressed.  If you’ve never seen a turret with a sword mounted to the end of an idle gun, it’s worth seeing.  Kim’s ground troops were simply no match for our vehicles even without guns.  

Our archers took heavy losses, but inflicted as much as they took.  In an hour, they were inside of bunkers taking out enemy soldiers one at a time.  Tear gas was surprisingly useful when bullets weren’t available, and the disoriented enemy was helpless against our bolts and knives as they floundered for breath.  

As the battalion approached the Kim’s palace in Pyongyang, a piercing shriek was heard overhead, and the building abruptly collapsed in a pile of rubble. Seneca was outraged and radioed in to central command. "What the hell was that? I thought we said no bullets?" The Secretary laughed. "Apparently the Admirals didn't realize the railguns were off limits. It's basically a modern day ballista, I suppose. I don't know - do you think a 1000 pound aluminum slug should count as a bullet?"