Twenty years of anger, sadness, crippling emotional loss and pain and suddenly...there is a tiny nugget of happiness in the box.

It's small but amid all the black thoughts it burns like a supernova.

I raise my head in shock and confusion.

Who did this?
Why?
Where are they?
How can I thank them?

The street isn't that crowded so it doesn't take me long to see her walking away from me in a hurry.

I get up and run after her.

"Miss!" 

It takes me a couple of second to catch up.  I slow down a bit and try to get her attention.

She's young, probably no older than twenty five.  She's wearing a high end coat and has what I can assume is a very expensive purse slung over her shoulder.  I catch a glimpse of her features and she's gorgeous, like a model out of a fashion magazine.

Then I see the tear streaks and I can tell there's something wrong.

"Excuse me miss?  Do you know what you put in that box back there?"

She keeps walking at the same breakneck pace and doesn't bother looking at me as she speaks.

"Yeah, you're the weirdo who collects emotions."

I've been told I'm somewhat famous around town but I never gave it much thought.  I don't get out much.

"Yes I am.  I just...wanted to say...thank you."

I'm struggling to keep up.

"Listen, I can tell there's something going on.  Do you want to talk about it?"

I reach out for her shoulder and try to slow her down.  She just jerks herself forward and keeps going.

"No I don't want to talk about it," her voice starts to crack a bit, "just leave me alone."

She starts to run and I have to jog to keep up.  I'm guessing this woman is on her way to do something drastic.

It would be awful if I let the first person who did something kind  for me hurt herself.  I have to do something.

"Please, let me help you."

She gives an exasperated sigh and takes her purse from her shoulder.

"God, just stop alright?  Do you need money or something?  Just take it and leave me alone!"

She throws her purse behind her and starts sprinting down the street.

I stop.  I don't know what to do.  

"It's never as bad as you think it is!"

It's a desperate gamble but it pays off.  She stops.

I stoop to pick up her purse and start slowing walking towards her.

"I don't know what's going on, but I can promise you that it can be okay.  I can help and I..."

She whirls around and glares at me.  She is furious and I for the first time I see the running mascara and streaks of eyeliner.  She isn't just depressed, she's suicidal.

"What the HELL do you think you are?!" she screams, "You know NOTHING about me and my pain.  I never asked for your help, I don't need your help, so just...leave...me...ALONE!"

I know that she has nothing left but to be upset.  After all, she gave me every bit of happiness she had.  But still, I'm speechless.  

This poor woman is at the end of her rope and thinks that there is nothing left for her.  I don't know what's going on in her life or why she's like this.  All I know is that she was kind to me and I have to do something.

"Miss, I'm sorry to say this but...you're wrong."

I hate myself for saying that but it's the best I can think up on short notice.

"It's true that I don't know what's going on or why you feel upset, but I know all about the pain you're going through."

I gesture back towards my box.

"I know that you know how the box works but please understand, you are the first and only person who gave me even the tiniest bit of happiness."

She stands in the middle of the street and her head tilts in confusion.  I think I might be getting to her so I keep going.

"For the past twenty years people have put nothing but bad thoughts and emotions in that box and I've had to live with them."

"People treat that box like a damn Goodwill donation and throw all their unwanted hate, anger, and bile at me because they think they're doing a good deed when all they're doing is selfishly passing their pain off to someone else."

My hands are shaking and my voice starts to crack.

"I don't have any friends or family anymore because they don't like being around me.  I'm all alone, I've thought about ending it all on an almost daily basis, but I STILL put up with that damn box because at least that way I get to feel something!"

I choke out those last words.  I'm almost as angry as she is but I have to control myself before I start yelling.

The woman is silent.  I can tell my speech got through to her because she's thinking and trying to process what I'm saying.

I manage to compose myself and slowly start walking towards her with the purse.

"Look, you're right, I don't know your pain or what you're going through.  All I know is that you were willing to be kind to me even when you were upset and angry."

"Take it from me, that is something that is incredibly rare and the world needs that type of kindness more than you may ever know."

I'm just a couple of feet away from her.  Her breathing is ragged but steady.

I tentatively hold out her purse.

"Can I at least buy you a cup of coffee as a thank you?"

I hold my breath as I wait for her answer.

She looks at the purse, then back at me.  I see the anger and rage start to disappear and replaced with a mixture of pity, remorse, and the barest hint of curiosity.

"You mean to tell me that you've never felt happy for your entire life?", she ask while raising her eyebrow.

"No miss, I have not."

She sighs and takes her purse.

"Okay, one cup of coffee then."

I smile as we head down the street together.
 