*I managed to get to be the 4000th upvote (I'm not sure how accurate that is) but either way I'm taking it as a sign, so I am going to bust out this throwaway/alt account (because paranoia/anxiety) and try to actually do this one!!*

Drag had a problem. A big problem. A huge problem in fact. He had finally managed to nab the cutest boy in his life, and now the boy would be living with him! What could be better than having your own prince charming?

The problem wasn't with the boy. I mean, going from being waited on hand and foot to now waiting on a dragon claw and tail while in  a maid outfit, well let's just say the 20 something hunk of man meat wasn't exactly excited about the experience. This was pretty normal for Drag though, I mean, every rom com Drag had ever seen told him this is how relationships were *supposed* to start.

No the problem was *why* the boy had to wear a maid outfit in particular, Drag still lived with his parents.

Embarrasing, I know, Drag's Dad wasn't really around much and his mom was always out with friends so I guess they always felt a little bad for neglecting their child. Like somehow now that they were retired they could push him more outside the nest more even though it had been 160 years since then and Drag was clearly not going anywhere.

Drag hoped that if the boy would just keep quite long enough, Drag might be able to make his parents think he was a girl, then once the boy inevitable fell in love with him, as Drag had been told since birth was *supposed* to happen, Drag could just move in at his place at his palace. Even if Drag's parents did find out, sure his parents were old fashioned, but surely they would care more that he was moving out, right?

Why this ended up being such a huge problem though was Drag underestimated a few things. First, how for as girly as the prince was, Drag underestimated how unwilling he would be in participating in Drag's plan. Second, when Drag panicked and his parents came home early from their trip over seas, how perceptive his parents would be at finding out he was hiding a boy in his closet (he panicked what was he *suppose to do?* Killing him would be leave blood everywhere!) Third, how mad they would be when he said that he found boys attractive.

He tried explaining that it wasn't like he was gay! He just found some boys attractive! And beside who cares? He was moving out soon!

The fourth thing Drag underestimated however, was that after his prince managed to escape him, how hard it was to find a place to sleep at night.

Drag wasn't sure what to do after he was kicked out, he eventually found a cave near a village, but then the prince ended up sending a bunch people to kill him. He tried going back home, but his parents didn't seem to want him either. I guess that was his own fault, no one could love a dragon like him anyhow.


*(Sorry if this got weirdly personal toward the end lol)*