"Hello, beautiful."

Joy. Completely overwhelming joy causes the space where a human heart would lay to hum a melody. And yet, as always, it is cut through with the most bitter undercurrent of sadness, because he has tried it again.

"My love, you must stop this." I say, fearing yet again that he won't take my advice, but desperately wanting him not to. It is selfish, plain and simple. 

"You keep telling me that," his chuckle is so painfully sweet, "But mama always told me I was more stubborn than a mule."

"Do I even want to know?" I didn't, but I couldn't deny the morbid curiosity that nipped at my mind.

"Probably not," he says, "but I'll tell you anyway."

He closes the distance between us, a hand touches my arm, soft and sweet, and he traces down to lace his fingers with mine. They are warm, though I imagine not as warm as a living person's would be. We walk, the tall, ghostly pale grass parting beneath our feet. There is light glinting off the blades, but no moon shines it's light here.

"Last time it was an accident."

"Bullshit."

He laughs loudly, and it is so good to hear his happiness. 

"Alright, it was /almost/ an accident. I could have opened my reserve chute, but then some unlucky bastard would have had to come pull me out of a tree and I wouldn't want to be an inconvenience to them, would I?" 

"So instead you let yourself die?" An accusation, though not spoken in anger.

"Well, how else am I supposed to come see you? You never visit me."

"You know I wish I could. Do you think I like imagining you coming up with more and more inventive ways to kill yourself?" 

His smile fades a bit at that, and he looks at me with what I hope is wistfulness and not pity. 

"I know you don't, but I can't just stay away, not when I know what I'm missing."

We slow to halt. Silence, for a beat, and then he brings my hand up between us to trace the life lines etched in the palm. Ironically named, for someone who has never lived.

"Monoxide."

"You gassed yourself?!" Despite knowing he couldn't die, that all attempts would end in futility, I am angry. It isn't always this way. More often than not, his visits illicit a calm sadness. But this was not one of those times.

"It was painless, like falling asleep." 

"That does not make it better!" I cry, anguished at the thought of him curled around himself, slowly suffocating  and knowing it was I who caused him to do it.

"I had to see you again. Every second I spend alive is one more second I do not have with you."

How cruel the gods could be, that the only person to not look upon her in terror, would be the only immortal man.

"My love," I whisper, my hand leaving his to cup his cheek. "Please." I don't know what I'm asking him for, but he somehow understands.

"You are the one thing I can never have, and that just makes me want you all the more." He places his hand over mine, pressing my hand to his face. 

"I love you, Wade."

"I love you too, Death."