I lay quietly in my bedroom, my laptop on my lap, browsing reddit. The sun was streaming in through the open window, a soft breeze making the curtains move. The cute video of the dog zooming around it's house made me smile, but something to the left of me caught my eye. One of the Lego minifigures on the side moved. I looked at it curiously, he was one of my most recent purchases, Radagast the Brown. I'd picked him up from Comic Con at the weekend. I looked at him curiously when he blinked at me. I fell away from him and grabbed a stick from the side to use as a weapon, that's when I noticed more coming to life. This time my stomach sank, the Xenomorph from Aliens and the clown from IT were starting to come to life. My heard pounded in my chest as I ripped open the wooden chest I kept my makeup in and started to grab any villain characters I owned. Michael Myers, Freddy Kruger, Demontors, Voldermort, Vader, Stripe from Gremlins, Cybermen... Why did I own so many bad guys. Holy crap, Thanos and that Raptor on the roof of the Brick Bank was coming to life. I grabbed them and dumped them into the box as well. Until I knew they weren't going to be like their real life counterparts this was the safest thing to do... But what about the massive box of minifigures I have next to me. Around 800 or so in there alone, the rest were packed away with their sets. Oh god! I had to rescue them all out of those baggies... I also needed to disarm everyone. No wands, no guns, all the mutants and superheroes needed to have their own place away from everyone else. What a mess!

I jumped suddenly. Something had suddenly licked my hand when I put it down to my side for a second. There was my old stuffed toy polar bear, Noah, looking at me with those big black eyes. I looked behind me. The Ikea husky was now lying on the bed, belly up, enjoying how comfy it was. The teddy bear, Teddy, my boyfriend had given me waved at me meekly as if he didn't want to scare me. I watched him, stunned as Noah climbed onto my lap and curled up on me. I wasn't scared of him. 

As more stuff started coming to life, I went into an old box and pulled out my Blue Quantum Morpher. I wonder if this works now? I pulled it onto my wrist. I had created the backstory for this character, so if it were real... "DNA verified, awaiting voice recognition."

"Holy crap!" I breathed. I felt a lot of eyes on me. I suddenly felt a lot braver dealing with the craziness going on. "Ok, everyone. I need your attention. I need everyone to co operate while I sort everything out. I need you all to refrain from any sort of fighting. If you set fire to this house we'll all die at this point."

I saw professor X roll forwards, "you have our word, we'll try not to burn the house down."

"Ok, I need to go rescue everyone I've packed away for safe keeping.  It's going to take a while."

"That's quite alright. We all know you mean well. You've taken care of some of us for so long."

I got to work, very grateful that I'd sold the majority of my Power Ranger collection a few months back. I still had a lot of it, but it was mostly just the Rangers, a few villains, megazords which can't be pioleted without a Ranger. Those living Zords were already awake and looking down at me. I would have to rescue all of them as well. This was going to take a while. 

I heard screaming next door all of a sudden. I paused, half way through pulling out a very confused medieval soldier from his baggy. It was my neighbour who had a little girl. 

"Oh no!"

All the minifigures were looking at me. 

"I need your help, can you guys continue to free all the none villain minifigures if I leave the box open and make a path to get to them?"

"Yes, go, help them."

I quickly propped open the box lid and made a path for the minifigures on the shelf to walk down to help them out.

"Thank you," I shot downstairs, only realising a moment later that Husky was following me all excited. "Please stay in here, I don't want you to get hurt."

It shook it's head at me and stood firm, looking at the front door. 

"Ok, well stay back, only jump in if I need help, ok?"

It tilted it's head at me before nodding and stepping back to let me through the door. Wow, these toys were not just like their living counterparts, they were smart and seemingly very loyal to the person who owned them. This was crazy. I wonder if the bad guys I'd locked in the box were actually bad at this point? I jumped the little wall and was knocking on my neighbours door. She pulled it open. Her granddaughter in her arms. She fled the house. 

"The toys,"

"I know," I glanced at husky, "Let me go see, ok?"

She nodded and I walked into the house. A soft toy bear was hiding in the corner, terrified. 

"Hey, it's ok," I spoke softly. It looked at me, it's eyes filled with tears. It dived at me and hugged me with it's soft body. I gently picked it up and carried it to the door. 

"Get that thing away from us!" the grandmother screamed. 

"Look, you're scaring it. I don't know what's happening, but the toys are coming alive, but they're also wanting to be with their human as well. Husky here wouldn't let me leave the house without him just in case. The others wouldn't let me leave without a protector as I'm their human. This is your protector," I told the little girl, "now you have to be kind to it and all your other toys because they're probably all alive as well." The little girl screamed and hid in fear. This was a lot to take in, she was so small and her grandmother was terrified. I looked at the bear, "can you go tell the others to come downstairs and outside, I'll let you stay in my place until they're ready to have you guys back."

The bear nodded and allowed me to set it down. It vanished inside the house. Five minutes later a bunch of toys were at my feet, all peering around curiously. I lead them around the wall and into my house. They all watched their little human as she watched them, wide eyed, clinging to her grandmother. 

"That's it for them. I'll keep them safe until you're ready for them to come home."

I left them, standing on the pavement outside their house. I had my own stuff to do. 

"Stay in here you guys, play nicely and don't make a mess please,"

I raced back upstairs to my room. There were more minifigure outside of their baggies now. I started helping again. Each one was so grateful to be released. 

"We need more homes," one told me suddenly.

"And things to do!" another called out. 

"And more space!" called out another. 

"Ok, one problem at a time, right now we are on a rescue mission. Once that is done I'll start sorting out homes for you guys."

"We need Lego homes!"

I smiled a little, "I'll see what I can do but Lego is insanely expensive but I'll try."

"Right now the toy stores will be mostly abandoned out of fear, now would be the time to go acquire more bricks." That was professor X again. 

"They're more then likely cordoned off," I smiled a little, a thought struck me, "do you have your powers and would they work on a human?"

"I believe so,"

"Ok, I can get you guys your homes, things to do etc, but I'm going to need some help."

~*~

Two hours later I was unloading a ton of boxes of Lego from a Megazord that had grown to full size to help me out. Thanks to professor X we now had cleared out a massive store of Lego. I'd taken their minifigures so they wouldn't be homeless, but I'd left a lot of villains behind. I did not need them cluttering up my house causing trouble. I honestly didn't know how much Lego I would need at this point, but after a crazy day, the only thing I could do right now was try and sleep. The minifigures weren't happy about camping out tonight, but I'd given them sheets of toilet roll to sleep under and with a promise that I was going to give them as many homes as possible, they all settled down for the night. Noah, husky and Teddy were all snuggled next to me on the bed. I was ok with that. Tomorrow I had more work to do rescuing all the other toys I had packed away and making sure no one was going to cause any trouble. 

~*~

The next day I was greeted by professor X who had somehow gotten himself onto my pillow in the night. 

"I was thinking about what to do with all those bad guys and I had an idea."

"Huh?" 

"You see, minifigures who aren't assembled aren't coming to life, so I wondered if disassembling them would put them back to sleep."

"It's that kind of cruel?" 

"Last night we were all haunted by dreams of a man with claws trying to kill us. I'd much rather they are asleep, for everyones sake."

"Ok, but I'm going to need everyones help to deal with them."

~*~

I hated what I did next, but after hearing that Freddy was up to his old tricks I had no choice. They all went to sleep one after another. I hated hurting them but I had no other choice. The dementors were horrible. Luckily the Harry's and the Dumbledore's worked with me to fix that issue. 

Very slowly, I kitted out the spare room for my now growing city. I'd finally rescued everyone. All the minifigures who could be free, where now free. All the Power Rangers were roaming the house, now unmorphed and driving me a little crazy as they seemed to end up everywhere. As the government were doing a round up of toys, I was keeping mine hidden and somehow more minifigures kept showing up. I suspect professor X was telling them it was a safe haven, which it was. Luckily they didn't need to eat, but they always wanted more things to do. I'd actually caught some of the diver minifigures swimming around in my tropical fish tank one morning. They weren't hurting anything, but having them in my tank was spooking the animals. Samewas too skittish and aggressive to be having random things swimming at him. 

"Really guys?" I'd said to them once they'd all climbed out and were drying themselves off. 

Eventually I'd given them all access to Netflix. I'd left my smart TV in their room. It actually worked. It made them so much happier. 