An unrelenting rush of wind is billowing around The Scout. His mind is quiet as his body is thrashed about. Soon, flashes of consciousness are brought to full form by a disturbing feeling of weightlessness. He wrenches his eyes open to find himself miles above an expanse of blue. Quickly coming to his senses, he reaches behind his back and pulls off his bag. An unforgiving ocean looms ever closer. The Scout fights desperately against the wind as he searches his bag. Finally, he pulls out a parachute. He holds onto his bag as he dons the parachute. As soon as he can, he pulls the cord. It seems his motto of preparedness has saved him from yet another watery grave. 

While drifting above the water, he spots an island. The Scout steers his parachute towards the uninhabited land. He soon lands safely on the soft sand of a pristine beach. After packing up the parachute, The Scout rummages in his bag once again and pulls out a satellite phone. He notes his coordinates and makes a call. The Navy is soon notified and will send a crew to rescue him. They won't arrive for several days, but that's okay \- he's prepared to stay awhile.

Three days later, a Navy ship arrives at the island. Sailors find The Scout in an impressive shelter, complete with electricity and running water. He invites them into an air\-conditioned room to have coffee and brunch before they sail off. The sailors remark at the quality of his food \- it's much better than the mess hall on their ship. Once they're finished, The Scout packs everything back into his bag. 

They're soon in the safety of the Navy ship. The Scout is immediately taken to The Captain's quarters and told to wait. When the door opens again, he is surprised to find his old flame in charge of the ship. She tells him how happy she is to see him, and that it's no coincidence that her ship picked him up. In fact \- she requested to go on the mission to rescue him. Before The Scout can respond, The Captain tackles him onto her bed and they begin passionately kissing. Still straddling his body, The Captain sits up and asks The Scout if he is prepared for *everything*.

"Ma'am," says The Scout as he pulls a condom from his bag, "a scout is always prepared."