I can't believe it! Years of training my body and mind has finally lead to this fateful day. The day that fate will guide me through the hall of heroes so I could be judged worthy by the weapons themselves and be chosen as their new weilder. 

I look around, as I stood at the mystic doorway, and I saw a straight narrow hallway that seems to stretch out to forever. Lining the hallway were weapons of renown. I immediately see the sword in the stone. I tried pulling the blade out, while imagining myself as king of England, but it looks like the blade judged me unworthy.

I carefully walked past different legendary weapons, from the sword of Beowulf,the twin katanas of Musashi, Hammer of thor, and a lot more...Still no sign from anyone of them.

I've been walking past different weapons from history for quite a while now and I have noticed something. The floor of the hallway is smoother compared to where I started. Does that mean less heroes have reached this far into the hall of heroes. The weapons here have also a more primitive look to them. Excalibur and the other weapons at the beginning have a definite flair to them. While the weapons here are definitely cruder. Made out of hammered bronze and iron. They weren't as spectacular looking but I still see some notable ones such as the sword of king Leonidas and other ancient heroes. Unfortunately none of the weapons have picked me as their wielder.

I have been walking this god forsaken hallway for a day now. The enchanted steel and hammered bronze artifacts are gone. All I see here are shaped wood and cut obsidian. I dont even know who these weapons belonged to. And frankly, i don't care since not one of them are calling out to...

"Closer, just a little more. And we will finally meet."

Did I just hear what I thought i heard?

A renewed vigor has hit me as I hastened my step. Then I saw it the end of the hallway. And at the end was a floor of marble as smooth as glass. Nobody has been here before. And at the end of the hall of heroes is a simple rudimentary wooden spear. A spear with a straight piece of branche that has a sharpened stone crudely lashed on at the tip. I held out my hand and I grabbed the spear. A jolt of power came rushing through my body. It erased every iota of fatigue in my body. 

"I have chosen you, great hero to be my new master. You alone, above all others who have entered this hall , I have judged worthy to carry me and utilize my powers."

But, who are you? I asked the weapon.

"I am the progenitor of all the weapons you see here.I am the original weapon used by the ancestors of humankind. I am the product of the intelligent thought of the time that seperated your ancestors from the greater apes. I am the prime weapon. Through me, I will grant you the entire wisdom of humanity and abilities of all the artifacts that were made after me. I will make you a hero unlike any other.you would become more than legend."

And until now we see the weapons name being called out to aid us in this trying times. We usually see it in the comment sections of youtube. Where in people battle each other to claim FIRST. 