**THREE-FINGER HOBB**

*Meat never turns on the wall*, thought Hobb as he stirred the stewpot. A decent meal this would be, most certainly. Almost no shoe leather this time. *Well, dead meat keeps from turning, because of the cold. But the live meat still turns tail sometimes.* He chuckled, pleased with his humor.

A young steward, new to the black, looked at him nervously from the corner of his eye. Hobb pretended to ignore the boy. He'd spent far too long building up a sense of mystery with the men to resort to explaining himself to someone so unused to the ice as to still be practically a puddle.

Today was the third day of voting on the new Lord Commander, after the treachery of the late Lord Snow was met with treachery in kind, more specifically, the kind of dagger held by Ser Thorne.

Snow's body had been stored in the Wall itself, in the hollowed-out area used for foodstuffs, hung on a hook next to the venison and other meats the Men had been gathering for Winter. Hobb had looked at it a few times as he passed through. The body's eyes still stared out with the shock of the last moments before death. They felt like they followed him as he plodded through, the eyes of the dead man coldly burning into the back of his head.

Ser Thorne had declared himself "A prisoner of the Night's Watch, and yet loyal to the Watch until my last breath" and been put under lock and guard in the Lord Commander's quarters. Didn't feel much like a prison, though, what with his own men guarding him. *Feels more like keeping others out than keeping him in*. He was waiting until he gathered the votes to be Lord Commander, as every man there knew, and then he'd surely pardon himself for his crime. It didn't sit right with Hobb, try as he might to be mindful of nothing but his duties. The man kept delivering orders to Hobb for his meals, like he already held the Watch. Roast pheasant on a bed of sliced apples and dried grapes, that's what it was to be tonight. *Too much giving orders and not enough following them, that's the problem around here*.

Most of the Lord Commander's supporters, King Stannis' men, or really the red lady's, had moved from the castle upon Jon's death. But not the red lady. She was still in her tower, and Lord Snow's pet wolf was now hers, apparently. It was too bad, that wolf would have made good meat for the men.

He could hear her outside, now, come to think on it. Shrieking about her fancy lord of light. *Nothing special about one god or another, though. Never seen a god put food on the table*. Hobb did, though. Every day.

Hobb continued stirring. He almost missed how the men of the Watch were building up to a commotion of some sort. You got to where you could spot these things as they brewed. Just like cooking, things start to congeal into a mass. *Who could know what it was about, really. Some new thing or some old thing, but it's all just things*, Hobb mused. 

The walls shook and plates on the tables rattled. *So, it's a new thing then.*

Crows rushed out from the room. Hobb continued stirring. They'd be back. Or they'd starve.

In the quiet, as the wooden ladle scraped against the cast iron pot, and the door left open squeaked in the wind, Hobb heard an unfamiliar voice in an unfamiliar accent. "Where is John Conner?"

*Not in my pot*, thought Hobb. Leave the answering of questions to other men. His place was here.