"Rockin' balls, whoa!"

Had I been here days? Weeks? It was impossible to tell without windows. These corridors were not laid out by a human mind. Not even a warm blooded mind. From what I could see these things didn't even have blood.

"Totally bitchin'! Fuck ya!"

While I thought about these surfaces as chrome, there was no way; the stone on my wedding ring slid off it like a knitting needle on cast iron when I tried a scratch test; jr. high science paying off.

"That'ssofuckinbadass!"

Tired of running around, dodging out of the way when I hear the telltale snap and crackle of the living energy aliens, I began to climb. That's when I found Jack.

"I dunno how you do it, dude. Your a chick and shit, aren't you supposed to have, like, less upper-body strength than strapping hunks of thunder love like me?" 

He had that puckered smile on as he said it, and I just couldn't smack him.

I pulled myself up onto the next protrusion large enough to sit on. I exhaled, sweat drying instantly in the hot, dry air. The ambient thrumming drone seemed louder the further up I climbed. 

"What cha' thinkin', Lisa? This whole place reminds me of that time we ate peyote and rocked out in the dessert, huh?" 

I'd always liked Jack Black, even back in his early HBO days, especially then, when he was just a talented schlub. 
"Uh uh. A hard rockin', face meltin' guitar god!"
I just hoped once I ate and got some water that wasn't tainted with whatever the hell they put in it the Jack-Black-Come-Tyler-Durden thing would stop. I continued my assent while Jack went nuts on an air guitar solo, filling in the 'face melting licks' with "biddly-dee-dee-dwow" sounds.
"If your going to persist, you could do something useful."
Jack looked genuinely hurt.
" I thought I was."
I blew my bangs out of my eyes as I reached up higher, the asynchronous hum now definitely louder. Jack's guitar solo crescendoed as I reached the top. 

Looking out from an elevated cat walk I beheld a massive glowing orb of white light, the yellow and orange living lightning that had taken me milled around below, tending to featureless , smooth consoles which lit up to their touch.

"Whoa dude. Gnarly shit."

I couldn't argue. Neither could I shake Jack's earlier comments. Tyler had helped (after a fashion) the narrator in Fight Club. Jack was the product of my unconscious. Surely...he HAD to be here to help. 

I reflected on everything he'd said since appearing.

Suddenly I had it; in an instant I had a eureka moment. Now if only I had a-

"Gibson SG standard electric guitar."

I looked over at where he stood next to me, a brand new shining electric guitar in his hands. 

"Normally I jam an acoustic but when I wanna rock some fuckin' socks off..." as I took the red enameled body in my arms Jack  began to disappear. I noticed the cord trailed off the body and into the wall behind me.

'Well, if pure energy, I guess your thoughts might be able to manifest solid objects this close to their power core.' I glanced over my shoulder and saw Kyle Gass stage whispering to Jack as they faded away altogether.

"Whatever." I said as I ripped into Tenacious D's Explosivo, the sound shredding through their carefully harmonized energy like a baseball bat through tissue paper. 

For an instant the air was filled with the discordant cries of dozens of alien voices as their ethereal bodies were hit with a wall of sound. 

Then I was falling. 

Falling through streamers of once solid metallic matter now thrown out of state by a sudden loss of energy.

I sped toward the ground, blacking out as I hurled toward the earth, distantly I heard Jack again.

"Better think of something soft, QUICK."

The last thing I remember before passing out is the image of a stuntman's air bag, the kind used to leap safely off rooftops. 

[first edit: syntax and grammar 

Second edit: changed To Explosivo from Hendrix Star Spangled Banner because Duh

3: bangs not forelock (she's a modern gal not an elf]