It was green. Not the dauby patchwork of lighter and darker khaki one would expect from a tank, but bright green. Like those neon signs in Trafalgar Square advertising whores and such before it became unfashionable to do so. He wondered briefly if it had become unfashionable to drive tanks to work and then grinned. Did it matter? It was a fucking tank after all. Better than the Racecar which would break down every second Turn and MUCH better than the Wheelbarrow which was a nightmare to get around the Board. 

Looking over at his neighbor’s yard he saw that Thompson had a Top Hat parked in his driveway. Huge and improbable, it sat glistening in the midmorning sunlight like some sort of obscene disco-ball. On the other side Gabriel had already departed. Derrek could see him further down the street. Wide legged, he sat astride a massive  Scottish Terrier as it  bounded down the road, Gabriel frantically seeking purchase with his hands in its scraggy fur. 

Grinning at the sight, Derek stepped off the porch and into the sunlight. 

Up close, he inspected the tank. Not as big as the Scotty, and not as shiny as the top hat, it was nevertheless impressive. If he had to guess he’d have said it could accommodate a crew of four, but of course, today it was just him. He clambered to the top, reveling in the feeling of his muscles working. It had been a long time since he’d been able to move about freely, having been stuck in Jail since the last Play. He found the hatch at the top of the turret, clanged it open. 

As he was about to crawl inside, Thompson came out.

“Derek!” he called, and when their eyes met, he smiled, waved. “You’re out!”

“Hey Thompson. Yeah. New Game, I guess.”  

“I know,” then conspiratorially, “I was there two Games ago.” His face suddenly looked drawn, pale. “I pray for a Card this time. I can’t go back there. Not yet.”  

Derek felt uncomfortable. Jail had not been that bad for him.   

“Well..” he paused, unsure of how to continue. “Well good luck Thompson.”  

“Yeah.”  The other man stared, then tried on a smile. “Love the tank! Is it new?”  

“Thanks, and I think so yes,” Derek said before ducking down and slamming the hatch. It was a relief to be rid of Thompson. The man had been getting more and more weird each Play since he’d lost the Hotels on Park. Derek thought he might have over-reached there, and then came the mortgages. It hadn’t looked good for Thompson since, and Derek had heard from Gabriel that the man had borrowed money to undergo surgery in hopes of drawing the Pageant Card. That hadn’t happened though, instead he got Jail. Now he was barely hanging on, and some nights Derek would her him shouting at his wife, threatening her.

His musing was interrupted then as the Die clattered into The Middle and he glanced at his watch. Late.

He started the tank, grinding it into gear as it belched smoke into the morning air. The Go staging are was not far from his house and he was pretty sure he’d make it with time to spare, but best not be tardy. 

Not when he was sure to have First Turn.   
