I sit quietly, staring at the floor, what a sour lie I think to myself. 

She pats my shoulder and gets up, trying to comfort me, but she doesn't know yet, I have so much to tell her, but how?

"You still okay?" She whispers, since I'm at her house, and her ex-boyfriend was there at the time we had to be quiet so he couldn't find me, he doesn't like other men in the house. 

I nodded and took a deep breath, and went over everything I had, no, I needed to tell her.

"Penny, I'm not human, I'm not sure what I am, and, and.." I whispered, then I choked up, now I can't say it, nice! I thought.

She turned to me and smiled, almost like she understood, 
"I know, my dreams told me."
I was shocked, I wanted to tell her that I've always loved her, I just, get choked up when I try to say it, and, she hasn't said a lie, other than the, 'You're only human' does that mean.. she's also not human? Getting side tracked in my thoughts she taps my shoulder.

"My Ex is upstairs, we can get to your place as long as we are quiet." She whispered in my ear.

I nodded, we were also stuck in the basement of her house, yikes, anyway, we got out and started silently walking to the front door.

We managed to get out of the house, I warned her about him, I told her, when he said 'I love you' to her the first time, he was lying, he lied to her about everything, that didn't matter, we made it to the car and she hopped in the passenger seat. 

"Lets go before he sees I'm gone!" She had a hint of panic in her voice, that was a lie, he wouldn't care if she was gone or not, we made it to my house, quickly walking inside and locking the door after we entered.

I sighed, I'm normally a quiet guy due to the fact I taste lies, that's why I don't watch tv or go out with friends.

She smiled at me, that's the first time I've seen her smile in a long time, 
"Thanks, it's nice to know we are safe now!" She was beaming with happiness to be away from her ex, I don't blame her.

"It's fine," I calmly said "I'm happy you're here."

She went into the kitchen and came out with, chocolate cake, she smiled and whispered 
"I'm glad you stopped me from marrying that hobo."

She started eating the cake, and that statement she made, it wasn't a lie, she was actually glad, I choked up a little and bushed it off like it didn't matter. 

"I still have to tell you something," I nervously told her "I..I love you Penny." For once I didn't choke up when I said it. 

That look, she was making a weird face, then she kissed my cheek, and whispered 
"I love you too Dominic."

Yeah, no lies in that statement either, I got a weird feeling, like, someone was watching us, and from earlier, about her dreams, and I didn't tell her not to marry her ex, so many questions.

"My dreams tell the future, that's why I made those decisions." Her voice was slightly muffled due to the whole cake she was eating. 

It made sense, then I asked her "Are you human?"

"Yeah." She replied.

A foul taste flooded my mouth, I almost vomited, she lied, she lied, she actually just lied, does she know?

She saw me almost vomit and smiled, "It looks like we both know the truth."

I admit, I was scared for a second, I just told, another non human, that I loved them, am I going to die? 

"You're a seeker of truths, I'm a seeker of futures, my dreams lead me to the one I shall love for all eternity, you." She said with so much confidence.

"Then why are we here?" I asked, I, I had no memory of anytime before my parents. 

"You and I were dropped here to make Earth better, we have no memories before our parents because we were newly created." She wasn't lying.

"S-so, we were dropped here, to find each other?" I started choking on my words again, my face was hot.

"Yes, and make the world better," she says as she takes my hands "we will make the world better, trust me."

I was stunned, so much information at one time, but I knew my answer.

"I do trust you." I hugged her as tight as I could and, we never let go of each other, it's currently the year 4599 we were sent here 2481 years ago, and we are happily married, there are no lies, and the future is still unknown, but at least we are happy here together, knowing we accomplished our purpose, now it's time to accomplish more.