"Claire if you go in the wasteland with that skill set you're dead" She yelled to her daughter.

"Its to late now, and come on dad already taught me how to shoot i'll be fine" Claire responded packing drawstring backpack.

"Is there any way i can change your mind please Claire" Her mother said softly.

"We both know the answer to that" Claire said "love you"

"Yeah, love you too" her mother whispered as her daughter hopped out the door.


It had been five days since I set out with Max to take down the leather fist gang. Once humans finally recovered from the war some couldn't cope. They formed groups and took out their frustrations on those who attempted to rebuild civilized society. The Leather fists where a bunch of drug fueled psychopaths with a leather fetish. They took
Cash from the cities and if a town didn't pay, it meant war. Max and i had been waiting years to readjust our skills so we can hit those kinky fucks where it hurts. Max maxed out accuracy and i of course put all my points in luck. Theoretically i can take nearly all of them and win and if not Max has got a rifle that can can most definitely pierce leather. 

"Camps over the hill, let me scope it out first" Max said pulling out dusty binoculars. 

"Ok, ill prepare" i said smiling. 

"Uh Claire?" Max said cautiously.

"What" i said loading my SMGs.

"Someone beat us to it" he said looking back down at the camp.

"Bullshit let me see" i exclaimed.

I took the heavy binoculars in my hand and placed them over my glasses. Charred corpses littered the inner camp. Two heavily armored mercs where torching the entire camp with flamethrowers. A obsidian black truck with military grade plate armor was parked in front of the destroyed area. It was holding up a massive machine gun probably able to tear apart any beast it put its sights on. A sharply dressed man stood in front of the car casting his shadow on a leather clad survivor kneeling in front of him. The man walked around the surviving leather fist speaking through a long monologue we could not hear. He shot his gun upwards making the mercs jump. They got in the truck and started the engine. The man in the suit kneeled down to the survivor who was now just several feet away from the blaze behind him. He seemed to feed the survivor something that looked like a blur. The sharply dressed man waved goodbye and stepped in the truck as it slowly drove towards the hill we watched from. 

"So i think they're kinda good guys" i said watching over the kneeling survivor.

He tilted his head upwards holding the blur in his mouth. Then finally he was gone in a flash and a bang. All that remained was a puddle of blood and torn leather. 

"Scratch that" i said putting down the binoculars.

"Claire there gonna pass right by us we need to hide now" Max yelled pointing at the oncoming truck.

We ran into a dark mutated bush with black twisted branches shooting out. The truck slowly rolled past our hiding spot as we held our breathe in fear. 

"Kill him" I whispered to Max.

"What!?!" He shushed "do you have a fucking deathwish?"  

"Maybe, all i know is that the creep in the suit isn't gonna show no mercy towards our town" i whispered back.

"No I'm not gon-" Max was cut off.

"Damn, i messed up yet another first impression. What a shame. I understand disliking another but insulting those you dislike is childish dont you agree?" A souther sophisticated voice shouted.

I froze, i knew the monster of a gun had its barrel ready to turn me into ground beef. Max slowly took aim from the bush. 

"Dont try that young man, you will regret it" he said putting his palm out.

"Who are you" i asked.

"Well thats much more polite miss...?" He asked.

"Claire" i yelled out.

"Beautiful name young lady, now why dont we just come out of those bushes now and talk like actual people" he said opening his arms. 

I slowly got out of the bush brushing off brown leaves that stuck to my cargo pants. I held both SMGs to
My side ready to take the southern devil back down to hell with me.

"You to lad" he said taking a step forward.

I aimed my guns at his torso. They aimed the beast at mine. 

"Hold your horses, i do not wish to kill you" he said holding both arms out wider. 

Max stood up aiming his rifle at the man in control of the LMG. This was shaping up into a Mexican standoff very quickly. The third heavily armored merc stepped out of the car aiming a flame thrower. I aimed my second gun at him. 

"Now can we talk?" He asked still unarmed.

"Sure" i said "who are you" 

"Your leader" he said smiling.

"Name" i said louder "or else" 

His face turned serious. He slowly reached into his jacket. 

"Stop or i shoot" i yelled.

"Your accuracy if off, along with your strength so recoil will destroy your chances of hitting me" he stated flatly grabbing whatever was within his black suit. 

"You wanna play a game of chances huh?" I said laughing.

"Luck will only get you so far" he yelled.

"Far enough" i yelled pulling the triggers. 

The guns kicked back hard in my hands making my arms flail. Max shot his rifle and i watched as the bullet pierced the LMGs shield causing the merc to fall back. The flame thrower illuminated the desert terrain. Max was still in the bush as it lit up like a match making him the torch. I fired blindly hearing metal hit metal fast. I felt my arm be torn apart then a firing pain In my stomach. I opened my eyes to see the damage i had unleashed on the sophisticated sociopath only to disappointment. He stood grinning holding a smoking snub nosed revolver. His suit was unwrinkled and perfect as when he stepped out of the truck. The merc on the LMG was recovering from his wound quickly. I began to fall backwards with the weigh of the world like an anchor in my back. I remembered dad telling me to keep my guns steady, remember me asking my parents why the strange men took some of our money, telling my mom i would be fine as i left the house. I had failed, and cursed my town to suffer the wrath of the sharp southern devil.