Shane's knees felt stiff. He sighed as he went through the motions of getting dressed: sliding on his shoes, buckling his belt, pulling on his coat. Even the simplest of motions felt like a test of physical strength; "I'm getting too old for this shit, Riggs," echoed in his head. But Shane shook it off. He had a good 12 hours on his feet ahead of him at one of NYC's busiest clubs. He opened his front door and flicked off the last light of his empty, quiet apartment. He was turned to leave, but paused as the hallway lamps illuminated the glass of the framed photo sitting on the stand by the front door. He picked it up, letting just one look at his daughter give him the motivation he needed to get through this doorway. He sighed again, placed the photo back, and shut the door behind him.

The air tonight was unseasonably warm, though October had proved itself to be a crapshoot, weather-wise, for the past few years now. Shane stood at the top of the stairs of the clubs entrance, leaning against the frame of the double doors. It gave him a surprisingly casual demeanor for the head bouncer. He used the stance to play up the mysterious, silent role he enacted while on the job, but in truth, it was to give his tired feet some reprieve. Regardless of what was behind it, the other door guys questioned nothing. Shane had been in the business for, seemingly, ever; his M.O. was known, understood, and respected by all bouncers. It was simple, really: Shane would give a slight nod to some customers waiting in line, not even glancing at their ID's, while others he would give one shake of the head. Sure, this certainly aided with the image any club wants to create, the "exclusive" bullshit. But that was just a lucky coincidence; Shane was, well, uniquely gifted for this job. He always had to laugh, thinking to himself, "What kind of stupid-ass superhero power bullshit is this?" But however useless it might be, it was his: Shane could see the age of every single person. No, not a rough estimate or educated guess by looking at sun damage or liver spots. An actual number, above their heads. It could become dizzying and exhausting when amongst crowds, which is why Shane had a tendency to avoid working music festivals or going anywhere with too many people. But to work the door, focus on a single line, was manageable. And nothing ever surprised him, given the club scene. The numbers were always the same small window of low to upper twenties, with the occasional sprinkling of desperate thirties, and the pitifully fooling-no-one-fourties.

But then tonight, with that odd warm breeze wafting around the bubbling excitement of the Saturday night crowd, he saw something that actually threw him. There was a girl, not unlike any other of the fresh-faced, glowing and smiling young girls in line. Long straight blonde hair, leather skirt, black platform heels, white shirt. He blinked, frowned, furrowed his brow. He watched her, giggling and chatting with her group of friends. Shook his head as if that would change what he was seeing. How? He had seen a young-looking girl or two in their thirties before, sure, but this? He wanted to smack his head, but that instinct would be futile; he wasn't a machine or program to reboot. This was just something he had the power to see. And it was really there: a four digit number. He stared at her, at that number - 7129 - all sound seeming to melt from his ears until a, "Shane? Shane!" snapped him back to earth. He saw Brian, one of the other bouncers, looking at him and waiting for either the nod or the no. Shane, completely shaken, gave a loose confirmation that the girls could go in. As they passed him, The Girl looked right into his eyes, and mouthed, "I know what you can see." His mouth dropped and his gaze followed her as she waved goodbye to him and walked inside.

