To quote our leader: “I don’t care about being an evil bastard as long as I’m an efficient bastard”

I consider it a fair point. For his iron fist rewards far more than it punishes.

Crime is unthinkable, for you are simply exiled from the one country where a good life is almost guaranteed.

We don’t have wars, since the last one was a most ruthless victory, or as more accurately phrased, our new mining colony. 
Which is staffed entirely by remotely operated robots. It’s easier to maintain without needing food and water.

The only time any human goes out to one of the colonies is when all of the maintenance robots go down simultaneously, as such, never.

For us humans however, life is still good. All of the most dangerous and undesirable jobs have been automated. Be it mining, sewage, cleaning and so on. Of course this put a lot of people out of work, but with universal basic income, and large enough to fund an education with the state, finding work is surprisingly easy. Indeed I have two doctorates both from Capital University, and that secured a well paying job in bio-engineering. 

Time isn’t an issue either, a good enough life extension technique has been developed such that a more permanent solution will be developed within our lifetimes. 

Nothing else is likely to kill us in the meantime either, healthcare is the best in the world, there is virtually no crime, accidents have been mitigated. We live with no risk, and as such can persue our dreams in total certainty.

As for those with Talent, their gifts are put to efficient use, better than the wasteful crime stoppers of the past. Maybe if, like me, you have small Talent, it might be mostly ignored, though I find it highly useful.

If you have greater Talent, like the “heros” of the past, you will likely find yourself in direct service to our leader, such that your skills are best developed and used. With the luxury and rewards the come with such a position.

There are still problems with society, taxes are still inevitable, and still just as annoying. The law, and its associated bureaucracy is still as slow and inefficient as ever. But there is no way to deny what good the “bad guy” did.
