I stepped out of my hand-built house, smiling as I took in the fresh morning air. I've come to appreciate how beautiful everything can be in these past several years, considering what we had before. 

I look to my right, and wave at my neighbor, Terrance. 

"Hey, Terrance, how's the family doing today?" I inquire. 

Terrance beams with excitement, replying "We're great, Howard! The kids are just getting up. The wife and I got to spend some quality time together this morning. I can't believe I didn't spend much time with them before all of this!"

Chuckling to myself, I think back to what was before all of this, before the end of the world. Terrance was a callous businessman, underpaying his workers, ignoring his family by working 70 hour weeks to make as much money as possible. I'd seen the effect it had on his wife, Stephanie, and his two children, Joseph and Kristina.

"Hey, isn't Kristina's birthday coming up?", I ask. 

"Yeah, she'll be turning 8 in a week. Joseph's birthday was last month... remember the party we threw? It was amazing! I can't thank you enough for getting a committee together to make his 13th birthday so special!" 

"Heh, not a problem," I responded, "Thank Fred for neighbors, right? I'm sure you would have done the same!"

"Exactly! Well, I have to go tend to the garden. It's my shift today, and you know how important it is. Bob be with you!" Terrance chirped. 

"And with you as well. May Steve guide you in case the animals are in the garden again." I chuckled. 

See, we had formed a bit of an unofficial pantheon since the apocalypse. The Saints, we call them. The Horsemen of Benediction. They came in and saved us during the eleventh hour. 

You see, the original world, one of business, trade, and general misery was what we knew before. Shady dealings all around. The President of the United States had stripped all regulations regarding pollution and environmental protection, and every major country followed suit in the coming years. 

That's when the Apocalypse began. 

Swarms of locusts, super storms that devastated the coastline, unbelievably high temperature swings, and aggressive wildlife. Animals broke out of zoos in a rage never seen before, strengthened by some supernatural force.

Then The War started. 

It was Russia, of course, that started it all. They decided it was time to invade Europe. Putin conscripted every male to fight, some protecting the borders, but the bulk going into a full scale invasion force. 

This spring the States into action, followed by everyone in NATO. Skirmishes were fought on Poland's border, with thousands of lives being lost each day. The War seemed like it would go on for forever. Everyone knew that death from above was coming, as each country prepared their nuclear arsenal for launching. 

From all accounts, the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse appeared at some point during The War. Most never saw them until the Saints arrived.

War was found riding his gigantic horse with a fiery red mane, cutting down all who were in his path. Everywhere War went, chaos ensued. Children were killing their parents, senior citizens were clawing each other's eyes out, the works. Blood ran in rivers in each city War rode through. 

Famine struck next. Appearing in the States first, the skeletal rider laid waste to all of the crops we were sustaining ourselves with. He rode through the Midwest first. At first, reports of an emaciated human wearing rags while riding impossibly fast on a sickly spotted steed which was naught but skin and bones were doubted. Then the rider was caught on cell phone footage. That's how we knew The War was actually the Apocalypse. 

Upon a pale horse, clad in a black cloak that billowed even when the winds were still, Death rode. Death appeared in too many places at once, it seemed, reaping those who were ill, healthy, young, and old. Death was never known to discriminate. 

By the time the final Horseman appeared, the world was in ruins. Bombardments leveled most cities, while famine razed the rest. War's bloodlust and the fighting he started salted the earth, causing all plant life to die, along with almost all of the livestock. The Earth was unsalvageable, it seemed, and all of humanity wept in despair. 


Then, one day, a year into The War, the fighting ground to a halt as a tall figure clad in fine vestments rose in on a indescribably huge white horse with an air of absolute power and command. This event ended up being broadcast worldwide, as news coverage of the battlefield was absolute and unprecedented.

"I am Conquest. Bow before me and accept your death, humanity." the regal figure bellowed. He waved his fingers through the air, and Putin appeared by his side. 

War rode in on flames, screeching to a halt by Conquest's side. Famine appeared in a burst of sickening fumes. 

"You are all doomed," Famine cackled dryly, his voice cracking, "and we are here to see the end of you parasites."

A cloud of mist settled over the battlefield, and a soft clopping sound filled the air. A pale horse sauntered into view, stopping being Vladimir Putin. A skeletal hand reached from within the folds of the ever billowing cloak, taking hold of the leader's neck. 

Lifting the President of Russia into the air, a breathless, echoing voice filled the air.

"Look upon the last leader alive in your world, humans, " Death rasped, "and despair, for all hope is gone. Within a month, I shall claim you all into my domain, and the Earth will be cleansed of your scum."

With supernatural strength, the skeletal hand closed around Putin's neck, and a loud crack was heard. Releasing his grip, Death allowed the limp, lifeless body of the leader crumple to the ground. 

"You see, this past week we have executed your world leaders," War mocked, his voice crackling like the fires of Hell, "and that was the last one. We wanted to put on a show before we sweep up the trash."

Famine chimed in: "Your soil is now tainted. Your food supply is almost gone. Your leaders dead, your cities in shambles. Give up now or -"

Famine's speech was cut short by the trees surrounding the battlefield springing to light. Four figures stood, cloaked in light, emerging from the legions of soldiers. 

"Tsk tsk," a gentle voice cooed, "you four are a naughty bunch, aren't you? It's okay to be angry."

"Indeed it is," a second voice mused, "but remember, everyone deserve a chance."

"Everyone makes mistakes, you see," a third voice effused with a softness that rivaled silk, "but mistakes can be turned into happy accidents with a little bit of imagination."

"Y'know, with just a little respect for one another, and perseverance, anything can happen!" a fourth figure called out excitedly in a accented voice. 
