"It's just a little _much_, don't you think?"  
Shielding my eyes from the UV floodlights with my hands, I could barely make out the shape I was even speaking to.  
"I am here willingly, after all."

The figure stepped up to the edge of my plexiglass enclosure, his silhoutte now broken by the light reflecting from the enormous silver crucifix on his chest. "You have _come_ willingly," he corrected in a thick Italian accent, "but if you _stay_, is not for you to decide. After all, it is common for your kind to operate on deception. You put yourself in the trap, but really is a trap for us. So we must be careful. You understand?"

"_My_ kind?" I objected. "Like I told Father Domingo back at the chapel, and like I've been _trying_ to tell these fine gentlemen here" -- I gestured to the four chain-and-platemail-clad, shield-bearing, longsword-weilding, literal actual knights that had been staring me down ever since I entered -- "I'm not a demon. I just sort of... ended up in one."  
Granted, it was a tough sell to Father Domingo, too. When you look like a towering, spiny abomination, it's hard to get humans to trust you.

The silhoutte started pacing slowly around the outside of my cell. "I wonder how you are not, how do you say, in very much pain, right now. A demon in this position -- hallowed ground, UV lights -- usually has very hard time. But you are okay. It does not hurt you?"

"Well, the lights are too bright and your friends are making me pretty uncomfortable, but otherwise, _I_ feel fine," I explained. "This thing in here with me, on the other hand..."  
I hesitated to take a peek at it. It was like opening a well-used compost bin: no matter how slightly you lift the lid, the sensation that hits you is overpowering.  
"Well, it's pretty much been screaming in agony ever since I arrived here. I can feel that it's in a lot of pain, but it's not _my_ pain, so I can just sort of ignore it. It's hard to explain."  
Indeed, to the demon, the very air in this cathedral burned, walking through its doorways felt to it like walking through a waterfall of lava, and I could feel its revulsion of crucifixes. But these were all felt by the _host_ of the body, so I was able to simply ignore them. As much as the demon's screaming in the back of my mind would allow, at least.

"Interesting." He paced around some more. "When this Father Domingo call for help, it came first to the Church exorcists. But because the vessel is not human, they do not know what to do. They think, well, it is body of a demon, so they come to the knights. But the knights hear that you walk into cathedral with no pain, holy water does not burn, and so on, they do not know what to do. So they come to me."  
He stopped pacing and considered me carefully.  
"Removing human from demon vessel does not really happen, so nobody cares to study it. Human possessing demon is more like, ah, intellectual exercise -- maybe fun to think about, but not useful. This is why it is so interesting to me -- this is something I never see before, and this has not happen for a very long time."

"So, what, you want to study me?"  

"Yes. To put simply, the other option is we try to find some way to kill you. And if known methods are not working, this can take some time."  

I nodded my agreement solemnly.

"Good choice. Then, first, we need to move you to better location. These old cathedrals, all they are good for is prisons. I'll have my men prepare the transportation."  
He turned to the knights and barked some orders at them in Italian. They sheathed their swords. Two of them left the room. The other two walked over to the UV floodlight controls and, to the demon's immense relief, turned them off and began to pack them in boxes.

As my eyes adjusted preternaturally quickly to the room lights, I could see the man's face clearly.  
"Now, my friend, that we will work together, we should introduce ourselves. I am Luchino." He gave a slight bow.  
And from deep within, the demon excitedly confirmed what we were hoping for: _«THAT'S HIM»_

The other two knights returned wheeling an enormous steel storage container padded with bags of rock salt. Then, the five of them approached my cell. One held an oddly colored bundle of rope. Whatever it was, the demon was thoroughly nauseated by it, even through the walls of the cell.  
"Okay, here is what we will do," Luchino explained. "This rope is very good for holding demons, makes them feel very sick. But if what you say is true, for you is just a rope, yes?" I nodded. "My men come in and tie you, you get into box, then we go for a long drive. Easy."  
"Okay, sounds good to me," I replied.  
_«IF THEY GET US INTO THAT BOX, IT'S OVER»_, the demon cautioned. I was already well aware.

The knights filed in cautiously, but they eased up as I remained harmless and actively helped them tie me up. Partway through the process, I spotted the opportunity I was looking for: while reorienting myself to give one of the knights a better angle, two quick steps and a shove put me past the knight guarding the cell entrance, slamming the door in the faces of 4 confused knights, and leering down at a very surprised Luchino.

I tried to relinquish control to the demon, but it refused.  
_«CROSS»_, it commanded.  
As if on cue, Luchino brandished his crucifix. I felt the demon recoil in a panic, but it meant nothing to me; I snatched it out of his hands and threw it to a distant corner.

Once more, I tried to give the demon control, but it refused again.  
_«RIP OFF HIS COAT»_  
The moment I grabbed Luchino, I understood why -- something lining his coat burned into the demon's hands on contact, _soaked_ into them, the pain growing rapidly to an unbearable level. The demon was incapacitated by the pain, howling in agony in the back of my mind. I understood then why the demon needed my help. To the demon, Luchino was invincible; it would have lost this fight before it started. But to me, Luchino was an old man in a wet coat. Pinning him down and removing his coat was no more difficult than handling an unruly toddler.

_«ME ME ME ME ME»_  
Though its pain had not yet subsided, the demon wanted to take over from here, and I let it.

I watched through its eyes, felt its own emotions, as it shouted mockingly into Luchino's face in Italian. I didn't know what any of it meant, but it wasn't any of my business. It felt personal. Luchino only glared back with a cold defiance.  
But in its arrogance, the demon asked for his final words, and Luchino obliged. They weren't in Italian, or any language I could even identify. Whatever they were, they were devastating. They brought to the demon's mind a distant memory, a memory it had _worked_ to bury, that evoked in it a tremendous loss that swelled into a consuming sense of futility and worthlessness. His words were vicious. They tore into the demon better than any holy weapon could hope to. Truly, a cruel parting shot.  
Without another word, the demon tore out Luchino's heart, and then sat for a while staring at his face, his final rebuke still resonating in its mind.

_«OKAY, GET US OUT OF HERE»_  
I seized control from the demon and strolled through the consecrated doors and halls of the cathedral that it would have been unable to compel itself to cross on its own. Even through the explosions of pain that came with each doorway we crossed, it remained fixated on Luchino's last words. It felt my sympathy, and it resented it.  
As soon as we left hallowed ground, I let it bring us back to the hospital in a puff of sulfur, and we were both relieved when I was finally returned to my own body.

---

The hospital room was so still and dim, so peaceful, that it was surreal to be sitting there after everything we had just gone through, without a sound except for Cody's heart monitor.  
The demon sat staring at the floor, lost in thought. It was startled when I eventually cleared my throat to get its attention.

My curiosity got the better of me. "What did he say to you?"  
It considered carefully how it wanted to respond. _«SOMETHING I DID NOT KNOW WAS KNOWN TO HUMANS.»_  
What was I hoping for? Details? I remained silent.  
_«AN ANGEL MUST HAVE TOLD HIM,»_ it concluded. _«BUT I WAS AMONG THE LAST OF THOSE, CENTURIES AGO.»_  
It was lost in thought again.

"So... we had a deal, right?" I interjected.  
It stared back at me blankly for a few moments, looked over at Cody, and sighed. _«YES.»_  
It was strange to see it move with such calm. When it first appeared to me, its manner was so aggressive: hunched as if ready to pounce, moving in unpredictable, violent, threatening bursts, its eyes practically glowing with a manic malevolence. But now its posture was upright, and it moved slowly, patiently, even gracefully. It seemed like a more natural fit, somehow, as if its previous overtly hostile demeanor was all an act.  
Gently, it put its hand over Cody's head. Within moments, Cody took a deep breath and stirred.  
Numb and exhausted as I was, I was overcome with relief. I took Cody in my arms and gently urged him to wake up.  
The demon was transfixed. It stood over us and looked on longingly, with the subtlest traces of sympathy and contentment. It was happy for us.

Cody was waking up. "Dad?"  
"I'm here. I'm here."

_«YOU KNOW THESE DEALS ARE NEVER FAIR»_  
"I don't care. I got what I wanted."  
_«I GOT MORE OUT OF THIS THAN YOU»_  
"Then you can make it up to me, if you like," I joked.  
The demon smirked, then turned to leave.

"Who are you talking to, dad?" Cody was still barely conscious. He was only just starting to open his eyes.  
"To your guardian angel, buddy," I reassured.  
The demon stopped dead in its tracks at the doorway, so suddenly that it had to brace itself against the wall with its arm. It stared forward, its mind racing.  
It turned to look at me over its shoulder, and smiled.  
_«DEAL»_