**S.S. CHILLI SEALUMP
Sunday, June 11, 2018 5:48am  
LAT: 34.728655 LON: -43.131191**

*Departed: Channel-Port aux Basques*

*Destination: Ponta Delgada*

"Si, si. Go outside and smoke." the Captain gestured with his hand as he spoke, pointing towards the door in the rear of the cabin. Mateo nodded, pulling the yellow slicker over his head as he nudged the door open with his shoulder. Outside a light rain and morning light veining through a canopy of amber cirrostratus. His hands quickly found his lighter and pack of smokes, but when the dangling cigarette was seconds away from being lit Mateo suddenly froze. The morning silence broken by the ding of a lighter hitting the metal grating beneath his feet.

"Oh my..." he said in astonishment. "Oh my... God."

**Washington, D.C
The White House
Sunday, June 11, 2018 6:35am**

*Presidential Debriefing: West Wing*

"Mr. President" the Secretary of Defense said, now leaning forward and speaking with an even more urgent tone than before. "The oceans are entirely tomato sauce."

"What?"

"The oceans, Mr. President, they are entirely tomato sauce."

"What?"

"The oceans have completely turned into tomato sauce, sir."

"Why?"

"We believe it has to do with the emergence of the flying spaghetti monster, sir."

"The what?"

"It's a pair of giant meat balls, sir, and it appears to be floating mid air with some kind of advanced, unknown propulsion device. It's also using Barilla noodles for arms, and it's size we've estimated to be roughly the same as Tasmania"

"Is that big?"

"Yes."

"O.K" the President said. "What do we feed it?"

"Sir..."

"Do *we* eat it? Is that what this is?"

**Washington, D.C
The Pentagon
Sunday, June 11, 2018 1:55pm**

*Debriefing: Undisclosed*

"It's multiplying. We've received new reports from NYC, Los Angeles, London, Shanghai, Cairo and every other major metropolis. It's hovering above each city, but hasn't made any demands. However we've come up with a plan, something so ingenious and non-combative it may even allow us to communicate directly with one of the meatballs. All we need to do is..."

"Have you tried to feed it?" the President cut in. 

The Secretary of Defense now shifting uncomfortably in his seat, and quick laughter could be heard under breath around the table.

"With all due respect Mr. President..." a loud buzz cut off the FBI director for a second time.
"What's this?" another loud buzz penetrated the room.

"It's begun..."

**Indonesia
Jakarta City Center
Wednesday June 14, 2018 7:21pm**

*Flying Spaghetti Monster: The Attack*

Steaming skeletons litter the streets, buildings collapsed, in the distance an off tone siren attempts to chirp to life and everywhere you look you hear screams, and see ruin. The sauce is unrelenting, lava like in appearance, and ocean like in scope and power. Whomever comes into contact with the sauce is almost instantly vaporized, it's temperature speculated to be above 800c. Hot enough to melt the flesh off the bones, and what bits didn't melt were found collecting in the gutters, viscera and entrails, water run offs red with sauce and blood. Another wave of boiling sauce crashes into city, the Cemindo Tower in a fury of steel, smoke and noodled arms begins to tilt over like an old man reaching to pick up a coin. An exhale of dark smoke bellows out, and the city is now lost to a boiling aroma of rosemary vapor.

**Denver, Colorado
Little Circle Alpaca Farm
Thursday June 15, 2018 9:03am**

*Departure: The Colorado Alpacas*

Roger woke up to the sounds of singing outside his window. It was coming from the pasture opposite the barn, and a strange light was pulsing throughout the house that synchronized it's intensity and brightness as the singing raised in pitch.

"Christ in a crucifix shop what's this!" Roger said as he burst out of bed in his white one piece night gown, grabbing the shillelagh aside the door frame as he ran outside. There in the middle of the pasture were all twelve of his Alpacas arranged in a circle, and in the middle of them a basketball sized flying meatball was singing a siren-like song that kept them in place, captivated, eyes widened and Alpaca mouths agape. Rogers hands were gripping the pastures wooden fence, now leaning in disbelief. The flying meatball turned to face him, nodded, and then flew upwards with each of the Alpacas slowly ascending in pursuit. His favorite of which was named Newton, and it was Newton who spoke to him before the ascension was complete.

"Fear not Roger farmer. You've treated us well, but, our time here is done. The earth will be lost to sauce by tomorrow morning, and you along with it. But your legacy, your legend Roger. It *will* live on. We the twelve disciples of the FSM have completed our mission on earth, and now must return home. Fear not Roger farmer, fear not. You were a part of a demonstration that will echo through eternity, the validation of our savior sauce. Fear not."

And it was over just as quickly as it begun, and the earth forever lost to boiling sauce.

EDIT: Format and spelling stuff!