The light was still blinking when James woke up. At first, he thought he left the light on in his bedroom overnight, but as the rest of his vision came in, and his senses woke from their long slumber, he realised that this was far from the case. As the world spun into view he felt his stomach lurch and the frozen remains of his last meal pulse inside him as his stomach acids finally kicked off.

His head began to throb, and he let out a low groan as the pain crescendoed in his head. Then, all of a sudden it was gone. His stomach eased it’s swirling, the pounding in his head relented and his vision came in fully.

The glass of the pod hissed as it opened and the soft downy platform he had laid on for however long, rose to an upright position.

‘I’d be careful standing if I were you. The nanobots take a bit of time to get the muscles warmed up.’

When James looked up, he thought for a moment that his vision was wrong again. Standing before him was a clearly feminine humanoid, but certainly not a human. The most striking thing, or at least the thing that caught him off guard were the tendrils that cascaded down her slender back. Each tendril seemed to move independently, sniffing the air around her or else pulsing disturbingly against the back of her neck. Once James took the several moments to realise what he was looking at, his mind finally noticed the figure’s skin colour of a deep purple almost the same colour of a fig. Her face and eyes all looked near enough humanoid however and she gave James a soft smile which, seemingly acting against her original intentions, only made James fall onto the floor.

‘There there, up we get.  There we go.’ Her skin was soft and warm against James’ naked skin as she grabbed his arm and, with strength that surprised him, lifted his body into a standing position.

‘Don’t worry, that happens far more often than you think.’

‘Whe…’

‘Here, drink this, it’ll help your throat.’ 

She handed him a cup of green liquid. His initial thought was to chuck it to the side but his thirst overwhelmed his sense of reason and he downed it in one. It was the coolest drink he had ever had. Not so cool as to cause discomfort, but cool enough that his vocal chords felt alive for the first time in years. 

‘Where am I?’

The woman smiled. 

‘Where do you think silly? You’re on Solitude.’ 

Solitude. The last place for mankind. The ten thousand souls who had boarded the Hemmingway, looking for the new world. They had said the journey would take just shy of five hundred years. James had boarded voluntarily. He had nothing on earth. No friends or family, no prospects. This seemed ideal, a new start.

‘People are just waking up now… though I should warn you… Solitude… I…’

The woman paused, her eyes flickering from James, to the wall on the right. With a deep breath she stepped over to a console on the far side, pressed a button and stepped back.

‘Perhaps it’s just better if I show you.’

Slowly, the wall segment began to rise and a blinding light filled the room. The silence of their place was gone, filled with the rumblings of the outside world.

A city. A city greater than anything he had ever seen before. Towering spires, each with a network of webs connecting them. In the distance, a jungle with trees taller than the largest of buildings in old New York City. In the air, ship after ship flying in all directions without a cause. Chaos.

‘They’ve been here for hundreds of years. Almost as long as you’ve been asleep. Two years after you left, mankind created the warp shift and were able to travel distances, hitherto thought of as impossible, in a matter of days.

The city was like a jewel. A jewel that had been caught in a spiders web. Here, on this apparently unimportant planet humanity had evolved. They were technically advanced, stronger, and no doubt smarter than the humanity of James’ time.

‘And… you?’ James turned to the woman who had come to stand beside him.

‘This is my planet. My people lived her underground. It was drilling by your kind that woke us to the outside world. We learnt your language, most of your customs and integrated ourselves within your society. My name is Pk’a.’

The sun looked to be beginning to set. The hazy dusk glowed with a putrid green as the sun fell behind the horizon, only for a second to son to begin to rise not long after.

‘Your ship actually arrived twenty years ago, though there was a debate as to whether or not you should be awoken. Quite a serious debate actually… I regret to say wars were fought over this ship.’

‘Why? Why wouldn’t they want us back? This was our goal… this was going to be our home. Everyone on earth was dead to us, dead to themselves. We had a new chance here.’

‘You ruined your old world. You ruined it with greed, and pollution and disregard for living things. It’s different here, many people don’t think brining you, with all your ideals would be a beneficial thing…’

‘And what do you think?’

James stared at Pk’a. In her eyes he saw the torment. The denial that was fighting its way out. She looked from James to the city then flipped a switch on the wall and a holographic image of the old amazon rainforest, trees falling and animals fleeing. With what looked like tears building in her eyes she turned her head back to James.

‘I think they were right.’

---

This is my first post to /r/witingprompts I haven't really edited anything here aside from a few spelling errors and a couple of small things. Hope you all enjoy!