"Finally," Eric said under his breath. He looked at the clock. 4 a.m. His soon-to-be fiance is not yet awake. This is the day he had been preparing for all this time. He was going to propose to her at breakfast, their favorite time of the day. "Time to get ready," he said with both excitement and fear.

He went to the kitchen, prepared waffles (her favorite meal), brewed some tea (her favorite drink), and waited 'til the alarm rang. *Bzzzzzzzzt*. He hears her girlfriend of five years getting up from bed. He sprung into action, grabbed the boombox, and hit play as she opened the door.

Eighties-inspired "Aquaman" by Walk the Moon played. It's their theme song. He stands in front of her girl with the boombox held high, just like in a John Hughes film.

Eliza chuckled. "What's all these?" Eliza asked, cheeks warmly blushing. Eric lead her to their dining area. *This is it*, Eric thought. *This is finally it.*

"My Elisium, Eliza, being with you has been the best five years of my life. I stand before you, with these waffles, this tea, and this boombox to ask you these five words:"

"Oh my God. Oh my God..." Eliza giggly said, clearly saccharine and excited.

"Eliza--"

--
Meryl and John are at the altar. They had this dawn wedding planned to a T. Well, it was her soon-to-be mother-in-law's idea, plan, and budget. The priest was about to finish his wedding sermon. John was teary-eyed, having sobbed a bit after seeing her wife-to-be walking down the altar.

Meryl, on the other hand, felt like her world's ending. She's getting cold feet. She wants to get this over with, and at the same time she wants to get out of it. *I don't know what to do. Am I really doing the right thing?* Meryl said in her thoughts.

"If anyone is opposed to this marriage, you may speak now before it's too late," the priest said.

*Here goes nothing*, Meryl thought. "Father, I--"

"Will you marry me?" Eric, in a wifebeater and Batman underpants, said with glee.

Penny in the air. Like the Spanish Inquisition, no one expected a man to suddenly appear in his most vulnerable asking a bride to marry him. Penny drops, and everyone is in uproar, all caught by the wedding videographer.

"This is so gonna get viral!" said the cameraman.

"Yes," said Meryl without ado, to the horror of John, Eric and the whole church. She grabbed her high school beau of 3 weeks away and ran away from the church. Dazed and confused, John just fainted at the altar.

"YOU SLIMY CU--" John's mother roared amongst the panicking crowd.