It was the moment I knew I was fucked. He'd been ambling behind me for miles now, shortly after my footpath joined a Roman road from the north, possibly a passage through the Alps. Always just far off enough that I couldn't make out his face, wearing typical pilgrim's garb like so many others on this God-forsaken road towards the East.

The East. Education. Medicine. Fucking hygiene. The reek of every village, every roadside, every person had gotten to me. Somewhere back in High School I'd remembered that the Arabs were way ahead back then, I mean, now. So East it was, and easy enough to pass as a pilgrim. The occasional free meal, no questions, no expectation that you speak the language.

That was tough at first--people are scared shitless of strangers around here, I mean, around now. Disease, thievery, a foreign spy. If there's one thing I've learned about this time, it's that people didn't think much of "human nature". Maybe hundreds of years of feudalism did it to them, i.e. take what you can and piss on everyone below you and call it the will of God. It wasn't until I saw a pilgrim knock on the first door in town and mumble the words "Kyrie, eleison" that I figured out how I would survive. "Lord have mercy"; words I would learn to recite like a magic spell, one that transformed me from a beggar, thief, vagabond, to a man on a journey to the Holy Land.

I checked the knife under my robes again. It was easy enough to lift it from the butcher's, two towns ago. What had they called it? Vicenza? Well, they make crappy knives, whatever the case. Rusty as shit, but at least the handle is comfortable. Was my shadow catching up? I stopped briefly, pretending to adjust my leggings and pull a rock out of my foot to get a look.

He had gotten closer. I could almost make out his face--scraggly beard, dirty face, and that soul-worn, shoeless gait of a pilgrim. His pace didn't slow as he made his way up the road towards me, carefully picking his steps to avoid the sharper rocks scattered across the stonework now covered in fourteen hundred years of soil and debris. I decided to wait. I was tired of being hunted, haunted, outcast, soaked, freezing, hungry. If this was the moment, well, fuck it. I knelt in a way that would shield my right hand from his view and pretended not to notice him get closer.

"Peregrinatur?" It was Latin; safest bet when traveling across hundreds of miles of tiny, shit-hole kingdoms. I looked up slowly, met his gaze.

"Ego sum". I am. I am a pilgrim. What else could I be called? But no one could possibly imagine my "pilgrimage". Perhaps it was my tone, or the expression on my face, because something in his body language shifted from one of wariness to, what, curiosity? The next words hit me like a brick.

"Do... do you speak... English?"