"Bitches, bitches, bitches. I love me some bitches."

"That's pretty cool, what's your wish?" the genie responds

"Well. Give me control over all the bitches of course."

"Okay your wish is my command. You now have control over all the women in the world. Anything you say they will do."

"I don't feel any different."

"Don't worry it worked."

"That's good that's good. I still have two more wishes right."

"Yes two more."

"And I can't ask for infinite wishes."

"No that was disallowed in recent years."

"Cool. Well I've got another wish. This is a good one." I said with a grin.

"What is it?" The genie said in a concerned tone.

"Get me the 10 prettiest girls in all of the world and bring them right here."

"Okay your wish is my command." And what do you know the 10 most prettiest girls I had ever seen in my life were standing in front of me. These exotic beasts not one spoke English, which made them all the more luscious.  "Wow. You've done me good this time, Genie."

"Thank you. I try." says the Genie

"Okay time to try out my new powers." I walk over to one of the women and say "Hello, I would like you to kiss me." She doesn't do anything. "I think this one is broken." I say to the Genie.

The Genie responds "No, none of these girls speak English, so they have no idea what you're saying. They can't do what you say if they don't know what you're saying."

"Makes sense. Makes sense. Good thing I have one more wish. My last wish Mr. Genie is that I can speak and understand every langauge."

"Very well. Your wish is my command."

And then poof the Genie was gone. So yeah that was the story of me talking to the Genie.  I actually don't call women bitches. I think that's vulgar and an awful way to treat women. I just thought it would make the story more entertaining and make me seem cool. I'm really quite a nerd. I lost my virginity at the age of 27. But anyway that last wish changed me. Not only did I learn every language, but I also learned about how the universe worked. That was a weird side affect. And when I learned this it completely changed everything.

No longer was I even interested in these beautiful sexy ladies across from me, and there was a completely valid reason why. These girls were evil. All girls were. Actually all girls weren't evil. That was a lie. No girls were evil. No girls even existed. No one existed. That was the problem. No one existed. We were all just part of a game. But we weren't even the fun characters in the game. We were all the NPCs. The only playable character was Jesus, and we had killed him so long ago and we were just waiting for him to return. You see a year here is the same as a minute in the real universe. Our God who was playing this game had left his computer and left this game of ours on for a day in his world and that was 2000 years in our world, and now everybody was just waiting for Jesus to return.

So I guess the Christian's were right. Congratulations Christians. I'm proud of you. But you're still asking about the girls. Why am I not sleeping with the girls. Well that's a good question. I guess the reason is since the Christian's are right and I have figured it out, I guess I better follow Christian values and not sleep around. Because if God comes back to his computer and sees me sleeping with all the girls he may not like it. Maybe I'll be a monk. Who knows? That's all I have to say. Thanks for listening.

&#x200B;