Greg and Maryanne Colheart give their lifelong friend and colleague Professor Dyron Barnes one last hug before initiating the experiment.  Nothing aside from the scale has changed from the experiment with the mice that sent them back seven and a half months, or approximately 225 days.  Now, Dyron is preparing for his own journey back several months.

He looks them in the eyes as they initiate the sequence.  The Flux Capacitor begins to whirl, arcing around the containment field generator.  In a flash, he's gone.  No traces are left.  The two are visibly worried.  It's not hard to imagine they're thinking the same thing.

Mary  "We should now remember having sent him back, just like with the mice.  Nothing's changed, what happened?"

Greg  "Look!  It's a coin!"

Mary  "Where did it come from, why wasn't it sent back with everything else in the field?"

Greg  grasps the coin and runs it through the array of spectrographic tests.

Greg "It did.  It went back just the same as him and the mice."

Mary  "Well that doesn't make any sense at all."

Greg  "It does.  The coin was separated from the main body, and a vacuum formed between the two of them.  The coin went back in time approximately 225 seconds, according to this.  The mice went back 225 days."

Mary  "So then, Dyron...."

Dyron  ***"Went back two hundred and twenty five thousand days."***

The two researchers jumped in fright as the strange suited man in a beard had approached without a sound.

Greg  "Who the bloody hell are you?!"

Dyron takes off his glasses and winks at the two of them:  "It's me, Dyron!"

Greg  "but but but...   yoyour accent is different and..."

Dyron "and so much more, my friend.  I've really missed you guys.  I have formulated some plans to keep us friends despite so many drastic changes."

Mary  "Two hundred and tweny five thousand days...  that's six hundred years, that can't be accurate."

Dyron  "Well, it is, unfortunate.  The flux capacitor containment field kind of wraps around the subject until the machine stops running.  Which is today.  Meaning I've technically not been a normal part of space time for six hundred years.  You've probably read about me, Dyron the Gealic God of Law and Litteracy.  Turns out I wasn't named after the God but he was in fact me.  In my original timeline my name is very uncommon.  Welp, give me your hands."

Mary  "What?!  Why?"

Greg  "Come on, Mary, it's still Dyron."

Dyron  "Exactly, I'm still me."

Dyron proceeds to stab a strange device under the skin into the metacarpals of Mary's left hand.  She yells in discomfort, but it leaves no mark.  He then repeats the process on the dumbstruck Greg.

After the round of chipping, he heads over to his work station and pulls out a fireman's axe.

Greg  "What the hell is that doing in there?!"

Dyron  "I kept it for emergencies, and this is one."

Dyron begins to smash the device in the center of the room, and then moves on to the chords and monitors.

Dyron  "You see, during my long time away-- Hyaaah-- I've come to a new state of mind as to the nature of our ---rraah-- work here in this lab."  Dyron is now panting as he goes along. "but I ----unnngh-- think that our work needed to happen.  So, I've--Hrraaagh-- taken it upon myself to introduce our work to the upper eschelons of the scientific community --hrrooogh-- and created some new sanctions for the United Nations to officially announce today.  We could probably tune into the news right now and watch it."

Dyron now stands in the middle of a sparking dark room holding an axe with moderate ease, pure technique rather than any amount of body attunement to holding it.  His smile is warm and inviting despite his outlandish behavior.

Mary  "And the chips in our wrist?"

Dyron  "Let me put it this way.  Ever make another Takyon Disrupting Field and you will be destroyed from orbit.  This is not my decision, it's the resolution of several world powers.  Its the best deal I could get you."

Greg  "I think I can live with that.  So, are we rich, now?"

Dyron laughs at the notion, as he too was once influenced by the potential of large gains to material wealth.  "We're all extremely rich, now, yes.  Let's go out to eat and afterward we can swing by the bank to talk about our estates.  Meanwhile, let me tell you the story of the Gealic Defence against the Proto-Germanic led by Caius Servilius Betto, he was from a family line of romans, on the Dyron River.  I have no idea what it was called originally, but its more or less my river, now.  Anyways....