Jack looked at the card in disbelief, the idea that a man would plan for his death with a joke. 
*A bad joke.* It was absurd and insane and impressive all at once, and perhaps.. Perhaps he'd have contemplated it further, seeing that it was unlikely a prankster had prepared so perfectly that he couldn't help but be killed by a man named Jack. Perhaps, but in fact he did not do any of that. He was in the middle of the road, half asleep and covered in the viscera of a man he'd flippantly decided to call, "Jack Shit".

He scouted around. He saw empty storefronts and streets for as far back as the night would allow. Over the horizon he saw the neon blur of a gas station sign.

There, he thought. I'll get to the gas station and phone the police. If I wash the blood off, I'll look less like a murderer. 

He got back in his car and carefully maneuvered around the mangled corpse of Jack Shit, then he set off towards the gas station. Fully aware that he was going 5 miles under the speed limit, but not entirely sure of why. The low speed left him exposed to passersby, they'd see his blood spattered radiator grill, move on to noticing the dented hood and immediately think he was looking for his next victim.  Jack couldn't bring himself to speed though, he felt as though he was being watched. 

When he entered the gas station, he asked the clerk for the key to the restroom. The clerk sighed. The Clerk sat behind the safety glass with his face practically pressed into a magazine.

"Dude, it's unlocked," said the Clerk. 

Jack left $5 on the counter and grabbed a bottle of club soda. 

It should be said that he absolutely tried his best to not rush into the bathroom; it should also be noted that Jack failed miserably. He washed his face, flipped his black shirt inside out, scrubbed his pants and began to comb his hair. 

"So you're finally in the game, huh?"

He came to an abrupt stop when he heard the toilet flush three times in quick succession.

A young man wearing wayfarers emerged from the stall. Jack turned to the man, hands still soapy.

"Let's not shake hands," said the young man. "You don't want what I've got and I don't-"

"Who the fuck are you?"

The young man began to wash his hands very slowly, meticulously going over each finger. 

"Obviously, I'm in the game too. Ok, so every time a local Jack dies in the game, we get an all Jack bulletin. Lets us know what you look like and gives a general location."

Jack have the young Jack a look. Young Jack nodded and said," I don't wanna fight you. Seems like an unfair fight." 

Jack had never actually been in a fight, not exactly. He'd been punched out several times, but was only ever aware that he'd been in a fight until well after the fight was over. He needed to go with Young Jack's assumption, feeling a creeping, nameless dread.

They exited the gas station and walked around to the side of the building. Jack felt an ease wash over him, then it began to push down his anxiety. Young Jack pulled out a vape and began puffing laconically. He seemed to stare right past Jack.

"So why be the Jack of all-"

"Because you'd have a fucking Monopoly. A Monopoly on knowledge," said Young Jack. "Well, you won't. You'll be dead in a few minutes."

Jack realized that his pants were still stained, he did an awful job at washing. 

"You see, I'm the Alpha and Omega of onanism. Jack Hoff. I've circled the globe jerking off wise men in search of enlightenment. Beating off other Jacks when I could. I've gotten to the point that I can kill a man within three orgasms before he knows he's been manhandled."

Jack held up his left hand revealing a sticky index finger, "You're on nut number two. I got you in the restroom and just now. Soon, your heart will race and you'll have an aneurysm. You should never trust a silent pooper."

The welder in him told Jack to run, take a cold shower and to live to be molested another day. 
The plumber in Jack thought about how hard it was to clean jism out of a gas station toilet. In a rage, Jack pushed Mr. Hoff onto the ground and stuffed the vape down his throat. He watched as smoke rose from behind Mr. Hoff's glasses and his legs convulsed until finally, he died. 

Memories flooded into Jack's mind. Learning to squeeze eclair in Paris, training with Shaolin monks in the art of the Five Finger Knuckle Shuffle of Death. Jack realized that despite frequent practice, he'd been doing it all wrong. 

He might have rectified that, but he heard someone clapping a very sarcastic clap. Jack turned to see the Clerk standing behind him, he held an ornate scarf wrapped around his knuckles. A nametag on his shirt read "Jacket".

Jack tried hard to not roll his eyes. 

"Contrived, I know," said Jacket. 
Jacket punched Jack in the face and unleashed a barrage of expert jabs. Jack felt his nose crunch and his jaw nearly dislocate. He fell back and rolled into the mud. Jacket jumped on his back and started to throttle him with the scarf. 

"How's," said Jack. "...a jacket a... Boxer?"

"Oh. No, I'm a seamster," said Jacket. " I *killed* Jaw Jack, he was a boxer. Y'know, 'trade' is actually a pretty broad term..."

Jack jammed his comb into Jacket's throat. A desperate move, but it caused him to gag and loosen his grip. Jack scrambled to his feet. 

He might've formulated a plan, but a man in a Dickie's jumpsuit ran behind Jacket and bashed in his skull with a tire iron. 

The jumpsuited man rubbed his temple. "Finally can fix my goddamn socks. Hydraulic Jack, pleased to beat ya... Oh and here."

Hydraulic Jack threw Jack a pipe wrench. He gestured at it and Jack picked it up. 

"I don't fight an unarmed man... twice in the same night."

They fought across the parking lot, through the car wash and ultimately they approached a small hill. Jack felt his shoulders turn to rubber and his knees buckled. He tumbled towards the ground and felt his wrench lazily connect with Hydraulic Jack's knee. H. Jack lost balance and rolled down the hill, the crown of his head made a sickening crack against the cold ground. 


Jack napped in the dirt, not caring who else could find him dog tired and defenseless. He had the knowledge of how to fix his car so no Jack could see him coming until it was too late. He could box better than the champ, he could stitch up his own wounds and pad his clothes for combat. He could put a man at ease with Le Petit Mort while setting him up for the big death.

He had the high ground, he was the big Jack cheese, King of the Hill.  
