Night descended on the mountain in a rush, revealing an immaculate display of starlight. The forest was quiet, save for the sporadic cackling of a dying fire. The flames danced melodically, the sole companion of the trapper Garrix Madhorn. The roasted grouse sat well in his stomach, and he relaxed, thinking of home. 

Five days had passed since Garrix left the small town of Zhona for the slopes of Mt. Bakartia in search of the unicorn. Five days away from the soft, green eyes of his wife. Five days away from the fiery blue eyes of his daughter, who was reaching the age of womanhood. There was nothing he wouldn’t do for her, even if it meant leaving the safety of the village for the unknown wilds.

In the days of his youth they called him the Skinner of Sahar, guardian of the northern realms. 
Those days had long passed him. He fell in love, and left his mantle behind, instead choosing a quiet trapper’s life. Just this once—he returned to the dark forest, watching the stoic pines sway in rhythm with the wind. 

There was something unfamiliar above the treetops. A faint orange light waxed for a moment then flickered into darkness. Unconcerned, Garrix drifted into a lazy, mellow slumber, and dreamed he was standing in an ancient, empty city:

*Vines and jungle growth covered the white marble walls of the high, temple platform. Garrix walked to its edge. It overlooked the city, which lay desolate. He turned back towards the temple, and a figure emerged from its entrance. Smoke billowed from the eyeless and empty form of a man, and it crept closer. An orange glow appeared from the figure’s eyes. The creature gave a shout: deep, piercing, primal. The orange light flashed from the creature. Wind whipped around it, causing Garrix to stumble back. He tripped off the edge of the platform, and tried to catch himself—*

He awoke with a start; the hairs on his neck stood on end. His heart pounded. A soft, orange glow from an indiscernible source filtered through the forest. The wind whipped around him, and a low, deep rumble echoed through the woods—the same primal noise from his dream. Every iota of his being screamed at him to run, and so he ran—away from the light. 

The glow of the light behind him disappeared. The wind howled once more, carrying the familiar, metallic scent of blood. Garrix saw a small creature ahead of him, hunched against the base of a pine. He drew his dagger. 

With a cry, he buried the dagger deep into the back of the creature—*Goblins!* He stopped, his heart pounding. Goblins always traveled in small groups; where were the others? 

Shaking with adrenaline, Garrix removed his dagger from the goblin and bent down to inspect it. What he saw sent shivers down his spine. The goblin died shortly before he arrived. Its hands were burnt, chest crushed, and its eyes and tongue were gouged out. 

He had heard of this only once before. The beast stalked the deep mountains of the world, the ultimate hunter, and it was hunting him. 

The orange glow appeared behind him, closer, and brighter. 

Garrix abandoned the goblin and tore down the mountainside, brushing past tree after tree. His sense of direction long gone, he had one thought: escape. The orange light vanished, and the unknown wail deepened. His foot slipped beneath him, and he tumbled, landing hard on the rocky ground. He stood weakly, wincing as his ankle smarted in pain. 

A cold vein of fear iced through him. In the starlight, he discerned a narrow fissure running across the large rock that caused his fall. He dragged himself to the crevice. Beyond lay a small, dark cave, with an almost indiscernible red glow from deeper within. 

Garrix crawled to the back of the cave. Reaching out, he felt carvings along the faintly glowing wall. He brushed away at the dirt, and a crimson light blazed bright from ancient runes. With pained eyes he set his back against them, facing the cavern entrance. Grasping his dagger tightly, he prayed to his five gods that he would survive the night, and return to his daughter. 


***
This was the first fantasy piece I ever wrote, the source of my fantasy series [The Ar'halym Chronicles](https://www.reddit.com/r/BLT_WITH_RANCH/comments/9vdyhr/arhalym_chronicles/).

Edits to better fit the prompt and fix cringeworthy writing. 

r/BLT_WITH_RANCH