The thing about Cornelius Winslow was he always had the worst timing. 

Case in point: It was my retirement party, celebrating the end of a decorated 32-year career in a poorly-decorated meeting room. Say what you will about policemen; what they lack in decoration skills, they made up for with taste in dessert. 

I was midway through a decadent lemon cake when the deputy ran in through the door, his pale face the shade of vanilla frosting. “They’re alive,” he uttered, the words mangled as they slid out through his teeth. 

“Keep up those keen powers of observation, and you’ll be sheriff in no time,” Michael snorted, finishing his third drink of the day. This was turning out to be a slow day for him. 

“All the murderers, rapists, psychopaths we put away… they’re all back. All that evil we got rid of, it’s back out there.” The deputy locked eyes with me. “All of it.”

And with that, I realized my retirement party was officially over.

~

Cornelius was many things-- deceptive, cunning, a vile murderer-- but at least he wasn't a cliché. Many of the undead had opted to congregate in the graveyard, their grey, peeling flesh swaying with their slow, synchronised movements, but he wasn't among them. Their eyes clouded with the haze of reality, as if this world was the nightmare. I oddly wondered if this is what my funeral would be like, just skeletons with flesh barely staying on their bones, waiting around until it was their turn in the coffin. I had lost a lot of my friends and family after Cornelius' case- months of isolation and a temperamental tongue will do that to you. My family was at the station now, jaded men as old as me who barely scraped by on their jagged edges. Maybe that was my fault, but hatred for Cornelius was easier to confront than my own face in the mirror. 

It was either that or using the harsh burn of alcohol for comfort, I thought as I watched Michael reflexively reach for his flask, pulling his fingers back at the last second. 

“The only time I've ever seen someone leave a party that fast is my little sis' baby shower, and that’s when her boyfriend found out he wasn’t the father,” Michael commented, looking anywhere but the oozing mass of bodies in the center of the graveyard. 

“I can’t leave Cornelius alone. No one else should be around him,” I snapped.  

“Yeah, but you could have at least finished the cake, mate,” Michael attempted to joke. After a long, halted paused and no response from me, he continued. "Here's my logic, Markus. What are the two things that a man would miss the most after rotting in a hole for that long? You check the local restaraunts, I'll check the strip clubs." 

"As much as I value your personal sacrifice, I somehow think we'll have better luck setting a search radius and going from there," I said with a smile. 

Michael sighed, playing with the edge of his jacket zipper. "You know where he is, mate." 

"I do? I didn't realise I was such a proficient zombie whisperer."
 
He smiled, but the humour had drained out of his face long ago. “Where else would he go except for the place you’ve been running away from?” 

I wanted to snap at him for insinuating that I would run away from anything, especially after what I had seen in my 32 years, but Michael always had good instincts. Somehow, he was always right.  

"Now can we get out of here? I never really liked zombies after I Am Legend," he shuddered. 

"Yeah, the scene with the dog-" 

"Fuck you, Markus. I thought we agreed not to talk about that anymore." 

~

I parked the car alongside the building that used to be home. It had the same sloped roof with derelict shingles, windows that were wide enough to make any cop anxious, and the same for sale sign that had never left the yard. I guess no one wanted to move the nuclear family into a house where the white picket fencing in the backyard was stained with blood. 

“Are you sure you want to go in alone?” Michael asked, eyeing me warily. “The guy killed your wife, mate.” 

“Shit, I would have forgotten if you didn’t remind me.” I rolled my eyes. “Just let me do this, please. Made it this far, didn’t I?” 

I could see his instincts fighting for control, but his loyalty won out. Good ol’ Mike. “Holler if you need anything.” 

I exited the car, walking around the perimeter of the house. I peered in through the windows, each square inch of the house inside reminding me of Kara. The empty living room that Kara filled with music and laughter. The girl didn’t know how to dance, but damn if she didn’t try. I didn’t dance either, until she came into my life. 

She was wearing a red dress when she died. We were starting up the grill in our backyard. Kara came from wealth, a family of millionaires, but her favourite was always a simple corn on the cob. Cornelius was our next door neighbour. He slipped in through a break in our fences, something that he had done many times whenever we had neighbourhood potlucks. I didn’t know this time would be different. Five minutes later, she was dead. It was our anniversary. As always, the worst timing from Cornelius. 

I made my way to the shed in the backyard, and even though I was expecting it, I involuntarily flinched when I saw the shell of human being standing there. Cornelius’ humanity hung off him in fragments, his skin melting and only tufts of his orange hair left on his head. 

"You're staring, neighbour,” he rasped as he acknowledged me. “Didn’t anyone tell you that it’s rude to stare? Of course, it’s also rude to arrest a man for murder.” 

I opened my mouth to retort, but nothing came out. I remained frozen, staring. Cornelius glared back with only one eye, his lazy eye missing. 

“Admiring the eye? Y'know, they did that to me in prison. One guy thought I was trying to stare into his soul, so he cut my eye out. All these cuts and broken bones and bruises… they’re all a gift from the prison system. Funny how death can be kinder than life sometimes.” Cornelius took one step toward me, and I automatically lifted my gun. “Of course, what would you know about kindness?” 

“Goodbye, Cornelius,” I said evenly, refusing to indulge him in conversation as I placed my finger on the trigger.
 
“Markus?” A scratchy, broken voice filled the air, but I would have recognized that voice anywhere. 

Kara’s walking corpse dragged itself into the backyard, a few meters away from Cornelius. The red dress she had died in was ragged and had lost its splendor, but Kara’s presence had not. “Markus, is that you?” 

My mouth settled into a grim line. “Yes, honey, it’s me.” 

Her falling-apart face contorted into rage, an emotion that I had once thought looked a little bit beautiful on her face. “Markus, you son of bitch. How dare you do that to me? All for what, a couple million?” Kara screeched like a banshee as she charged at me. “I’m gonna make you pay, you scheming, devious, murderous, basta-“

With one squeeze of the trigger, I shot her in the head, like I had done six months ago. I watched the life drain from her eyes a second time until her body lay still. It was less bloody this time, I thought. Cleaner.  

“You goddamn monster,” Cornelius shook his head, taking a step back. “Why me? Why did you choose to pin it on me?” I could nearly smell the fear oozing out of his pores. “I thought we were friends.”

“Nothing personal, Cornelius,” I said, as I aimed the gun at his mangled head. “You just always had the worst timing.”

A final shot echoed through the stagnant silence. 

