I stared at the smoking crater, as some movement at the bottom caught my eye. 

It was a familiar shape. I've had a Roomba for years, being an early adopter and all.

Trendy.

What I wasn't expecting was the Benchmade Balisong knife taped to it, and the articulated arm that flipped it around like a Phillipine blade master.

I stepped back, considering my options.

My Gerber Mark II was strapped to my shin, as always. A dependable, strong blade, it had never failed me.

It's steel tongue had tasted the blood of many fools. (And, one or two of my drunk friends when we did that silly 'blood brother' thing.)

Eying the circular harbinger of doom, I idly fingered the Kimber .45 in it's Bianchi holster. Each one of the Hydrashock bullets could easily hole it, like they did when I shot my disobedient daughter's laptop that one time.

I reflected that the angle might cause a ricochet, and would likely hit the neighbor's house.

An errant bullethole provided evidence of that having previously occurred, but nobody had witnessed the accident, and a smart man never reveals his cards.

Suddenly, a stranger's voice rumbled in my ears.

"Excuse me, sir, but have you seen a ... Oh! There it is! Jamie! Over here!" said a man wearing a felt hat, looking like a poor man's Indiana Jones.

A human walrus approached us, wearing a beret. His demeanor and look showed him to be a man with whom no one should trifle.

We nodded, as men, to each other, ignoring the scampering man-child, who was eagerly trying to retrieve the Roomba without losing any appendages.

"Ouch! Dammit, Jamie! Turn it off!" he grumbled, sucking a wounded thumb.

The walrus-man rolled his eyes, and grinned.

"Nice blade. You should try Benchmade," he gestured.

"Another Area 51 experiment gone off the reservation, I suppose," I said, indicating the Roomba.

Walrus-man sighed.

"It's for a Discovery Channel special. Going to be on Netflix next December," he replied.

"Adam, pack it up! We're bothering this man," he shrugged.

It was almost a question.

He looked around.

"Nice place you have here, sir," he said.

I shrugged.

"Did you get that fox?" he asked, pointing to the ricochet hole.

I smiled.

He returned it.

Then, they left.

I walked back inside my home, the Barrett M102 sitting just inside the doorway, unused. 

I could tell it was disappointed.