''Let’s get out of here'' she said and I nodded back.

A moments later I remember where we are going. There is a place full of old buildings... All the other people likes shiny and noisy places we are tend to go where we can listen different things.

She looks more happy some reason. ''It’s been a long time since we visited this place.'' I said.

She didn’t say anything...

Only different thing I can notice was the blinking light coming from far away. It would take hours to walk there and we just arrived this place.

''You don’t have to look there.'' She said.

''Where?'' I asked.

She came closer ''Do you know what day is this?'' 

I was distracted. Not because of that blinking light also one of her shoe was missing. How she didn’t notice that before? How I didn’t notice that before...

''You are falling.'' She said.

Yes, I had a feeling like I was falling but it wasn’t the bad feeling. It was interesting kind of a feeling.

I grabbed a stone from the ground and I threw towards a metal junk that was stading right beside the broken wall. Noise that stone and metal junk made didn’t sound right. 

''Oh, here is your missing shoe.'' I find her shoe right next to stone that threw just now. As soon as I picked it up, I noticed there was some sort of liquid inside of a shoe. I turned it sideways and and blood spilled to ground and made a sound that like someone is crying.

I turned my back and she was gone. She didn’t say anything. 

SHE DIDN’T SAY ANYHING!!!

-----

It was dark. I felt awake but couldn’t see anything. I tried to reach something and I touched a some sort of button. Then some alarm went off, it was very loud, disturbing. I couldn’t scream, I couldn’t talk, I couldn’t move. When I was able to see I saw my father. She was looking behind a glass. Trying to tell me something.  I turned my head to other side and I saw the VR that my parents gave me... Oh no. CAN’T BE! 

I was hearing mixed voice in my head. It was my sister’s voice calling for my help...

-------------------------------------

*Please don't mind any writing or grammar mistakes, I'm not a native speaker*