Lucas Benson sat on the edge of his futon.  He smeared his palm over his face and yawned.  He walked over to the window to see that outside, the winter trees had lost its leaves and beneath them was grass that should have been better maintained.  He sighed.  He'd been in the mental institution for several weeks now.  Outside the white padded walls, he remembered the anxieties that came with not knowing who was real and who wasn't.  Inside the walls, he had never felt happier.  The staff and other patients had been most accepting of him.

"Mr. Benson. . ." said a voice from behind him.

Lucas turned to find Doctor Moran standing in his room waiting, wearing his typical white coat over a collared shirt and tie.

"Did you just come in?" Lucas asked.

"No, I've been here the entire time," Doctor Benson said.  "Are you ready for your weekly evaluation?"

Lucas tilted his head.  He didn't remember seeing Doctor Benson, and he found that it would be weird if Doctor Benson watched him as he slept.  Maybe he could have been watching him sleep to study whether or not he had nightmares.  Either way, Lucas took a seat at the small round table in his room and Doctor Moran sat across from him.

"How are you feeling?" Doctor Moran asked.

"A lot better actually," Lucas said, "To be honest, I haven't felt this good in a while.  The other patients are great.  Everyone's been really welcoming.  For some reason, Susan keeps playing Whitney Houston."

"The song where she wants to dance with somebody?"  

"Yeah, that one!" Lucas said, slightly chuckling.

"Yeah, everybody loves that song," Doctor Moran replied, smiling politely.

"Yeah, it's a good song.  It just feels like it's on repeat on the radio for some reason."

"Yeah, they do that with popular songs," Doctor Moran said, lifting the frame of his glasses up the bridge of his nose.  "How's the anxiety?"

"A lot better.  It's doing a lot better," Lucas said, swallowing slightly and feverishly nodding.  "You know after the election, I was under a lot of stress.  I just couldn't handle it.  I think that's why I started seeing people who weren't really there.  I guess I just couldn't handle reality anymore.  I needed to make up my own."

"You said you started seeing ghosts.  There's a difference between seeing the dead and coping with your issues by creating a different reality."

"Yeah, yeah, I know," Lucas said, swallowing quietly.

Doctor Moran listened to Lucas attentively.  He examined Lucas's behaviors and nodded.  He then crossed his legs and in his notepad wrote down several lines of cursive.  

"When do you think things were the worst for you?" Doctor Moran asked.

"Just recently, like a couple months ago, when the news kept talking about Russia.  Every day, it was just Russia, Russia, Russia."

"Oh, I understand," Doctor Moran replied, "It seems like every day people are talking about the arms race and the possibility of nuclear war.  You're not alone.  There are plenty of people with the same anxieties.  What's best is that we remember to disconnect in a healthy way.  Count the good in our lives.  You don't want to go through your life worrying about what might happen."

Lucas exhaled heavily.  He remembered the days when politics hadn't taken over his thoughts.  He remembered when people used to go outside and talk about movies.  He remembered falling mercilessly in love with every woman that walked passed him and how he could never find the courage to talk to them.  He then remembered when he began to notice those same women walking through walls and disappearing as if they never really existed.

Lucas brought his thoughts back to where he was, back to his small room in the institution, the white walls, the tight breeze of winter air that crept into his room from the thin slit which was the extent of how much he could open the windows.

"Yeah, it's just sometimes our presidents says things that I don't think are funny," Lucas said.

"Yeah. . ." Doctor Moran said, slightly chuckling as if he personally found common ground with Lucas.  "Reagan does have his jokes."

Immediately, Lucas tilted his head.  His eyebrows shifted crinkling the skin above his nose.

"Reagan?" he said.

"Yeah. . ." Doctor Moran said, nodding casually, "Yeah, President Reagan."

"Reagan?  You mean Trump, right?"

Doctor Moran stared at Lucas, baffled.

"Who's Trump?"

______________________________
Jonathan Manor