The hardest question in the universe had a simple answer as it turned out.

We were here to create. 

The problem was, the creators were mortal, and in their wishes to remain immortal they had created people like myself. An immortal. 

I was a comic character come to life. Suprising isn't it? That people like me actually exist in the universe. Yeah, ain't that a bitch? I exist because infinite means anything anyone could ever possibly think of as a character, must exist. 

What's infinite and what's ironic aren't very far apart in my eyes these days. 

Anyway, the first thousand years were entertaining. I was a hero, someone who saved the day in ways that ranged from touching to improbable. The kind of experiences that make a person grow and accept who they are meant to be in this whole experience we call the universe. 

The next millennia was significantly more boring. The stories ran out. The author, or authors, I can't really tell at this point. My backstory has been retconned so many times I barely remember what's real, and what happened in another multiverse. 

I'm immortal. That's how my author wrote me. Something he thought he might have wanted at one point in his life. Hell, that's probably why he created me in the first place. Some kind of primal instinct to shout against the void that at some point that person was there. He mattered. He was a part of the universe and he had left his mark on it. 

I'm a legacy of that. 

And it's incredibly lonely. 

You see, when you're immortal - truly immortal - eons become blinks of an eye. Nothing matters. Have you ever heard of the hedonistic treadmill? That's my life, only it's a never ending Sisyphean tale that brings me nothing but pain and misery. Because all the people I love have died and I can never join them. 

It's my intent to search the universe for more like me. If it's truly infinite, as my life has proven, then there must be others out there like me. 

I can't tell you when I'll find them. But I will. 

Because that's how I shout against the void. That's how I make my mark. I prove I'm not alone in this unfeeling universe. That someone else out there understands. 

And I will find them.