Cool thing about it that it always ends up being something I can do. I guess that also plays a part on how it works and where I get to go to.

Less cool thing is that when the helping part is that I get taken back to where I was before. Which can be weird when people are looking for you wondering how you vanished. And then you just appear! 

I remember the first time it happened. Looking back it's pretty funny if not a bit awkward.
A frat girl was cooking dinner and struggling with opening a jar of...something I can't recall.
And a complete stranger just shows up in her kitchen! We were both scared and confused. We talked for a bit trying to figure things out. She ended up mentioning what she was doing before I showed up. 

"I could try opening it..."

She handed me the jar, which I tried to open but failed. The lid was so slippery! I had to used mother's trick.

"Can I get a spoon real quick?"

Spoon in hand I remembered mother's words - "...grab the spoon like this, and stick the handle between the lid and the jar. Now give it a little nudge as if it were a lever, twist a little bit maybe..." - I don't remember ever doing this before, but it was so simple and easy to remember. As soon as I nudged it a soft *pop* was heard I could open the jar easily... and then I was back in my couch. Where I am now.

I have decided I will help one person per day, two if I'm feeling brave. But always at least one person. I won't drain myself out that way and the world still becomes a little bit better. And since it's always something so trivial, or "easy" for me to do, I don't feel like I have any big responsibility. It's just a small gift for me, that I share with others.

And so I tap my finger four times on the couch - "Let's see where I'll be going today."

At first sight I can already tell I don't like this place. It's night time, but I make out my surroundings. I really don't like this place. There's rubble around me and broken buildings. Burned cars. There's a gross smell in the air, it made me not want to breathe. And then I hear a faint cry in the distance... "How am I going to help this one?"