Afternoon, thanks so much for taking the time to speak with me about this little matter. We'll just get started in a moment. Gosh, The internet is a magical thing, isn't it? I don't think this job would even be possible without it, you know?

Patterns. All about the patterns. 7 Billion people on the planet, you expect me to watch all of them in person? Come on. Maybe some would be stupid enough to go back to the same city. You never know how the reset is going to go. Maybe you just end up in a dumber life. I mean, that would have to be a *really* dumb life to go back to the same spot, though.

Where was I? Ahh, right. Patterns. Yep, you know those same patterns that tell Wal-Mart that your girlfriend is pregnant before she tells her parents? Those patterns can tell me that somebody's not living a new life. 

Well, you see, there's a difference between people who reset intentionally, and people who just die. The ones who have lived their lives, they don't bring anything with them. They don't need to. I'm not telling you anything you don't know here, right? I mean, sure, something comes up on occasion. Traumatic event, crazy weekend in Vegas; I don't know why some things stay and others don't for most (well, good enough time in Vegas I can see). The two of you were neighbors as kids in your last if I remember correctly? Beautiful story, hell of a thing to put in the family Bible, right? You know, come to think of it, I do believe I've heard of couples who measure their time together in lifetimes. It happens, believe me.

Here we go off on a tangent again. Where *was* I? Oh, right, the ones who reset. The things they carry with them... I don't know if it's the chicken or the egg. Do they just do bad things because they know they can reset, or is it that people who can reset have something wrong with them to where they *need* to. I don't care. No hard feelings on my end, believe me. Hey, I'm kinda glad they can reset, keeps me employed, right?

You see, though, the thing about it is that most bounties require two bodies, the live one and the dead one. You have to end the current life, wait a little while, and then capture the new one. We call it "incubating". Luckily the contracts pay out in milestones. Usually 20% for dead 80% for alive. Sometimes. Sometimes, though, I get really lucky. 

It's quite fascinating, actually. Neural development works the same for resetters as it does for all of us. Takes time for the proper brain structures to form. Studies show most people aren't even fully conscious until they hit the age of 2 or 3, just a bit after the first memories can form, or return. You reset them before those structures form, they lose it. All of it. 

I know what you're thinking, how do I know? Well, you're in for a treat. This isn't the well known part. There are ways to get hints as to who it is. You see, there's no limbo. You die, you get the first possible life. If you have the right equipment, you can time it *just* right. Birth records are detailed enough, most death records, at least the ones you don't take care of yourself, those aren't. I mean with 7 billion people you need at least microsecond accuracy on the death time to be eligible for the bonus. *Microseconds*. I know! They did the math; just crazy.

Like I said, though, you need the right equipment. The look on your face! Don't worry, the part with the babies? I don't do that part. I'm not a monster. 

That's the government's job. They pay the bonus, not the folks who hired me. Its not all bad, I mean, even if they get birth-wiped, they can still reset of course. That's innate, but they can't carry anything else through. It's like an extra fresh start. 

I don't know what they become after that, maybe politicians.

Golly, thinking about it, seems like the world would be a much different place to people who can reset. I don't know. Like I said, as long as the bad ones keep coming back, I still get paid. A bonus comes in every once in a while? That's okay by me. I've been doing this long enough to know that the bad ones; they stay bad. 

That's my world. 

Well. It was a pleasure talking to you both. Truth be told, you've taken this better than most, usually the conversation is much less one-sided, and then much more. As you can see, though, I have the death certificate and the hospital was kind enough to supply the birth certificate for your young daughter. Just sit tight. 

Don't get up. The FBI is on it's way, and I plan on getting my bonus.