Day 6200. 

Most of my inmates that have known me for quite some time are either dead or otherwise... or have left the prision on good behavior. 

I was given a death sentence and, for some reason the electric chair failed and I was given a "faulty needle" to kill me with, so they just sentenced me with life in prison. 

My reputation had spread around the prison as unreasonably lucky, being able to survive almost anything by some sort of strange coincidence. For instance, Jerry attempted to stab my back in my sleep, and some how stabbed himself 37 times in an attempt to stab me. The guards attempted to prove it was me but never found any traces of me on the makeshift knife he used. 

Then finally one got the courage to ask me "S..Sir...Wh..Why are you here?"

I simply chuckled, it had been quite a while since anybody bothered to ask. They thought I was just some hardened motherfucker who killed my own family..they're..half right. 

"Vehicular manslaughter of four..my wife and kids..I was drunk that night," I responded, a bit of stone coldness to my voice as I looked blankly. 

My new friend had looked with a bright eyed curiosity...something tells me he was holding weed and was an innocent guy, tiny would fuck him up in the showers no doubt. 

He then continued..."How long have you been here? this is my first day...I'm Randy."

"Roughly 17 years-" And then he cut me off. "HOLY DICKS 17 YEARS IN HERE?!? YOU LOOK LIKE YOU'RE 20!"

"...That's a long story in of itself......but..yes..."

"What could you have done to do this?!"

"well...you know how some people tend to make a deal with the Devil?"

I then pulled him into my cell, making sure we were in secret as he nodded, rather scared.

"I sort of made one with god... I wanted to prove to him that I was worth time in heaven at least some what..and he decided if I can prove myself to be worthy, I will stay alive on earth until he thinks I am ready"

"That's..one way to do it."

"I would have been done by now..I wanted to finish everything my family..couldn't..and I hear their voices screaming in my head every single day. I want to drink more but I know it will just lead to suffering instead"


