Peaceful was not a word used to describe the Princess. Neither was grace, but that was what her parents had given her as a name. In terms of blood she was 13th in line. Being she was a woman, in the laws of inheritance she was farther down. She had never concerned herself with becoming queen nor being sold in marriage to a foreign kingdom. She had always kept her focus on combat. When she began she was relegated to archery and horseback riding, the dignified roles of combat. She grew tired of those quickly, learning swordplay and then brawling. It was the close-quarters art of war that she relished, that she excelled at.

So it was that when her father waged war, she went to war with his armies. She did not stand on hills looking out, nor watch from horseback. She was always in the melees. She would return to the royal tent covered in mud and blood and baring countless new scars. She was beloved among the rank and file, known by every general. Grace, The Warrior Princess, peerless on the battlefield. 

When her father died, her brothers feuded over who would rule the great empire he had built. They all made their claims, from the eldest to the youngest bastards. There were 'kings' beyond counting. They vied for holy assistance. Demetrios was reported to have the goddess Artemis on his side. His archers and rangers winning him early victories in the civil war. Leon held much of the coastlines and was public about how Poseidon had favored him. Her eldest brother, Maksim had taken the favor of Mars, god of war. It was Maksim who had come to her first, asking her to fight for him and his cause. He had promised to make her a general, a great leader of armies. He did not understand her nor what she wanted. He had offered her the clean spot on the hill. She turned him down, hoping for better offers. 

She waited on the frontier, seeing messengers from her brothers, drinking and brawling while biding her time. Sometimes even priests would appear and beseech her on behalf of their gods. So much of this bored her. She wanted the melee, the grit beneath her nails, the recoil of a sword striking armor. 

The priest came to her hours after nightfall, his robes black and unrefined. He wore a pendant with the sigil of a skull. When he approached her table she thought about telling him "No" outright, having seen a half dozen envoys already that day. This priest however, was different. His face was scarred, his eyes sunk. He had none of the plump nor fat that Grace had seen on the other priests. He didn't speak with honeyed words. He went straight to the point, "I have an offer, not from your kin nor their gods. Fight for yourself, and be blessed by my master."

"And who is that?" She asked, eyeing his skull pendant.

"Death."

"Will I have to get skull tattoos?" she replied.

"You will only have to fight and kill. So long as you do, the fight will never end. I can promise that it will satisfy."

She took a moment to drink from her mug. She tried to hide her interest. "So I just take up the role of marauder, kill and pillage?"

"Isn't that what you've longed for this whole time? To drop the pretense and the finery?" Death smiled for he knew that this was the offer the Princess had been waiting for. He took his hands out from under his robes. They were bone, skeletal white. He reached across the table to offer her a handshake, "So? Whaddaya say?"