Just like that, the blackness disappeared from his eyes - a momentary lapse.  Major Kean's words echoed in my head briefly "Keep calm, remember your training, don't give anything away." And at that point, I knew I had him.  It always hurts a little when they play to your emotions like that.  Leading your "child" to its demise is always a tough one until the effects of the mind-screw wear off.  You don't ever really get used to it. 

You see, no one knows that this very battle has played out maybe 200 times in the last half century or so - It the kind of the thing that no one would believe and so...they don't. I was recruited for the corps after about 12 years of being a spoon on the gunnery range, serving food to grunts and Majors alike.  Apparently my superiors noticed that I was an exceptional liar, and its true - I am quite good.  I once got caught with a civilian girl in the walk-in refrigerator at a OpSec level 2 facility, half naked and about to do what people do but somehow managed to convince a full-bird Colonel that according to regs a "state inspector" had the authority enter a federal site to make sure our walk-ins were keeping the mayo at a safe temperature.  First sergeant made me clean the fryers for a month for that one - but also gave me a 24 hr pass to go make it up the lass - She was terrified after the little "scared straight" routine the MP's gave her.  

Anyway these particular aliens are always sniffing around trying to ferret out where we keep our defense systems.  They are the stuff legend, completely impenetrable, unbelievably powerful, have repelled global onslaught from no less three Class IV civilizations and are the basis for security in this sector.  The Earth has managed to declare itself a cosmic Switzerland - neutral ground for heads of state, banking conglomerates and business concerns from here to the fourth tertiary arm of the galaxy.  And all of it is based on one simple fact that can never be known:  Its all a complete goddamn lie.  And its my job to tell it. 

"Ha!, son, don't you worry about the defense systems, they are working just fine.  What are you worried about?"  

"But dad - what IS it?"  

"Son, I'll be honest with you even I'm not 100% sure.  When we found those machines they'd been buried for about 60,000 years - it took our best men almost another 15 years just to find the damn "on" switch.  But eventually we did figure it out - and not a moment too soon -They've been saving our bacon time and again.  Now - what did you say about candy?  C'mon, let's go to the park and meet your mom there after work, huh?"

"But dad I really want to know.."

"I know son, I know.  One day, maybe you'll get to see them.  But for now, lets go see your mom."

"Ok - do you think she knows?"

"Yeah buddy, I'm sure she does.  I'm sure of it."

"Ok, Daddy.  Love you"

"Love you too son.  C'mon.  Let's get this over with"

Some days I hate this job.

edit - typos