Their strides shook the earth. I knew it was over - how could it not? I was cowering in a small trench. On my side two of my comrades. One of them was bleeding, Peter. A Rock Throw had shattered the boulder behind them, the splinters had pierced his right shoulder. He was bleeding badly.

Still, somehow we had managed to stay alive until now. Somehow. But now the enemies' Aggrons are closing in. We're past the point of helplessness, even past the point of resignation. Our bullets are not more than tickling grains of sand to them, we don't have any Pokemon capable of fighting them either.We were from a small town called Buggrove. The name was fitting - bugs were all we had. Catterpies, Weedles and a few Whirlipede's (though nobody really knew were those Venipedes were hiding). None of them was a match for stone or steel types. What bitter irony, to be born in the wrong city - and die because of it.

A loud cracking noise breaks my thoughts. A whimpering cry of surprise, a jarring scream of realization, a prefiguring the ineluctable death, followed by a damp gurgling... then - silence.

We had one trump card, Peter's little sister Annie had gifted him an Onix, it was a memento from her trip to the Safari-Zone. It had been her birthday present, the whole town had chipped in. Barely anybody could afford to leave the town, but everybody loved Annie, so we made it work. I looked at Peter, he had passed out, possibly forever. Poor Annie, she had always been looking up to him. His Onix had died earlier today to an enemy Earthquake, but not before it had managed to tunnel the whole area. Luck had been on our side - heavy rain had filled them, they had become horrific deathtraps for the enemies' heavy Aggrons. None of us could afford Pokeballs, but neither could they. Once in the water their Aggrons' destinies were sealed. No saving beam of light to extract them, just water filling their cold metallic lungs. There's an end to luck, though. I looked back down to the crumbled and dirty piece of paper in my hand, what should I say? What would anybody say with his last breath?   
I'm slowly running out of ink. Not that it matters, they're getting closer and closer. The end was the hardest part, in any interpretation of the sentence. I finally picked up my half shattered pen and took a deep breath:

...I have to stop now, or Nimmy might not be able to deliver this letter to you. She's such a good Butterfree, please take good care of her. Using her Sleep Powder has crossed my mind, maybe it's my one shot to get to safety, but deep inside I know that it's futile. Don't be mad at her, she shouldn't die for me, there's just too many of them. Please take good care of Annie as well, now that Peter is gone. I know you can, you are a strong girl. I'm proud of you. I love you with all my heart Millie, you'll always be my little baby sister. Please tell mom and dad that I'm sorry.

Yours,

John