So apparently the universe is full of unconscious souls usually divided by planet. There is a god to each dimension. Or at least there should be.

Because of the infinite dimensions that exist some gods have self terminated out or boredom or moved to another dimension. Apparently my dimension had a god that did one of those. I wasnt really told. The Lobby chooses a random soul after a god is missing a whole cycle aka big bang, expansion, entropy, nothingness and repeat. I was the lucky soul. When I asked for a manual or something to get me familiar with what I have to do someone just gave me a book thick as my head with just the words "go nuts" written in it over and over.

I don't know if my soul came from a planet with sentient life forms or not, all that was erased so that the newbies could do anything without prejudice. I don't even have a name. Noone here does. Not even the veterans. All we have are nicknames given by our peers. As a young god I don' have one yet. 

Brief explanation on the Lobby first before we get to the real problem. It exists out of space and time so you can see groups of the same god playing cards all from different points of their respectable timelines. It's a pretty cool place but sadly a lot of the vets have gone insane or have terminated themselves. I would call it Paradox city, where the grass is insanity and the girls are their own grandmothers.

I'm rambling again here. So I was chosen to start pretty early into the life cycle of the universe. I had some fun, got some ideas from other vets who had a similar universe to mine that hadn't gone crazy yet. They showed me how to paint with galaxies, which is putting multipke galaxies on a collision course with eachother and waiting bilions of years to see what new comes from it. I did some dotwork with stars as well. I even found out how to make space sing but that was too eerie for me.

So a bit of time later i got to this planet that was just a huge landmass. Why not but lets give them a push so they start moving. I bet they start to look beautiful in millions of years. I am truly an artistic soul I feel. Maybe that will be my nickname? I wouldn't know as noone will tell me about my future self nor my predacessor. Weird.

I am not usually one to just create. I let the universe create for me. I just gently blow at the brush on its canvas to give it a general direction. All it took was some space debris, underwater minerals and hot areas. Life was beginning. I couldn't wait to see what this planet makes. I have done this before.on many different planets with differing qualities and traits. 

To waste time I put the speed up on the universe and played some chess with a god whose dimension has no logical thinking. I will admit I just like feeling smart sometimes. I go back after a few gamea and what the fuck do I see. Those little tiny things turned into the best mounts ever. I even had a BBQ with some friends. One of them grew horns. That is way too awesome. 

So i fast forward a bit more and after a few more games of chess I return hoping to find the lizards bigger than before. Maybe even talking. Now imagine my surprise when instead i found some little pink monkeys instead. All they do is fornicate and ecerything they do is to fornicate more. I get that sure. Moat organic life doea that just to reproduce. But no. They made whole societies and fights for land just to fornicate with more people. 

I get why noone tells me about the god before me or about my future self. They spared me the embarrasement. So here I am leaving you humans a message: "What is your fucking problem?"


First post on here, wrote on my phone at a bar
