My 7 year old cousin Mari looked at me and then exclaimed “DEAL!“ What an amateur, I thought. Boardwalk to complete my monopoly for a monopoly on utilities. At this point I knew I had won.

I grew up in a huge family with the cousins that always won and I always lost. One day I said, “No More”. I researched investing, the most sought after land, strategies, and general business.


My skills laid dormant until I hit the age of 27 when my little cousins and brother begged me to play. I agreed under 2 conditions

My 12 year old cousin Mitch made what he thought was a good deal, and to most that would be correct. He traded me two meaningless properties to him for 2 railroads to complete his only Monopoly he’d obtain his entire life. Usually owning all railroads makes you a lot of money and is one of the most coveted monopolies. As he just couldn't stay away from my clubs on Boardwalk though. Then when his bill came due he yells at me. My 13 year old brother AJ was furious, “This is why you're no fun!” he yells. I smirked as he walked off. 

From that point on, none of my older cousins wanted to do business with me. Honestly, they were no longer worthy adversaries as winning against them became too easy. People tend to lose focus rather easily.

I now owned everything worth owning from Park Place to Virginia Ave.

My dice were heavy, my utilities weak, I was hotel ready. Fun Fact I learned at a young age: If you own all the developers, then no one else can build. If no one else can build houses, they cannot construct hotels. Spoiler Alert, I had a few hotels, but I bought most houses available. My cousins dubbed that section of the city “The Jungle with no way out” so naturally every time when they would approach “The Jungle” with some new get rich quick scheme I would play welcome to the jungle by guns and roses for them. But if they wanted to do business still I only had 2 rules for them. 



1. We play until the very end.

2. No cheating

As I watched the 10 year old bank teller mint me a $10,000.00 bill so the bank could have enough $500's to function I knew I made it. I had bailed out the Monopoly bank. I was like the American government, unstoppable.