When I was a child, I was a master of hide-and-seek. 

"S-sir, we've got a cold one for you today."

Just as I settle down into my faux leather chair, coffee in hand, Patrick comes barging into my office. I sigh wearily, feeling my aging nerves act up. 

"Can't you give an old man a break?" I grumbled at the bumbling lad, who whimpered behind my exquisite mahogany desk. Thirty long years of infallible guesswork and a peerless case-record afforded me quite the clout to bark commands and essentially piss all over the greenies and of course, the nice mahogany desk and faux leather chair. 

"S-sorry sir, but the boss has been pushing for a major crackdown on the 'Cold Cases' and well, we've just hit a wall with this one," Patrick motions to a tattered folder sitting on the corner of my desk. "'It was with general consensus that this particular case be delegated to our very best, good luck Mark,' Is what Frank said." 

I sighed again as I glanced at the folder. A fine film of dust had settled so deeply into the cream-yellow folder that it had become a discolored brown. Clearly, the folder had seen better days. Perhaps it was even older than I, I mused. I set down my mug of coffee before gently retrieving the folder. I brush my hands slowly over the frayed edges before retrieving the contents within. 

I held in my trembling hands, a single photo. 

"Well, there you have it sir," Patrick said. "It's a tough one. No name, no contacts, no nothing. We don't even know how old the photo is. For all we know, the kid in the photo could already be dead."

"N-no," I stammered, partially in shock and confusion. 

"What? The kid's alive? How do you even know?" 

It was unmistakable. I may have been old, and seeing a slowly wrinkling face every morning may not have helped but still, I was certain. The child in the photo was *me.* A three-year old me with wispy blond hair, and baby-blue eyes, partially obscured by a bush and starring mischievously at the camera.

I set the photo down, and breathed, calming my nerves. "It's me." 

"R-really Sir? Then the case is-" 

I gestured to the door, dismissing the lad who obliged quickly. 

But that was impossible. 

I wasn't lost. Or was I? 

Then I remembered. Oh how could I forget? It was so long ago. 

I had engaged in a glorious game of hide-and-seek with the neighborhood kids.

Before long, I found myself travelling across the country, and finally returning to my hometown. I made my way into the forest, a place that reminded me of home, and though the forest had changed with the passage of time, I still found my way unerringly to my 'bush'. And as I brushed the wayward branches aside, stomping over the twigs, I realized that it takes an expert at being lost to find what is 'lost'. And for all my life, I've been lost. 

And lo and behold, there I was, found at last.  

---------
-------

/r/em_pathy




