"I will always love you..."

And then, the jolt I had dreaded my entire life.

"Youth is wasted on the young" had been my philosophy since the age of 19. I had always felt the sands of time passing, even when I had no right to. Through my 20s, I had always struggled with the idea of aging, the ticking by of every year. 

Perhaps it was a result of my belief that I was special, different, not like the others - I wasn't going to buy my Lamborghini in my 40s or 50s, like any other success story. No, with my Mensa IQ (a result of a psychological analysis for ADHD, not a Buzzfeed quiz), I was brilliant. I was destined for greatness, I was told - by parents, teachers, peers.

 "I can't wait to see how you change the world. I know that one day, I'll read about you in the papers", a quote from my 10th grade biology teacher. I set lofty goals for myself - "I'll have my Lamborghini by 21", I said proudly, and publicly - defining how I wanted to be to the world, using the "Law of Attraction" to manifest my destiny.

I failed. Miserably. By my late 20s, not only did I not have a Lamborghini to my name, but I didn't even have a positive net worth. Each year past 21, that weighed on me more and more heavily. "Youth is wasted on the young", I still believed.  

Perhaps it was a result of the hair loss which started in my teens, which robbed me of the youthful feeling of running my hand through my hair. Photos only included hats, selfies became forehead down, and mirrors became enemies. The people online always said, "Shave it man, no worries". But the voices in my head said, "You can do better". That thought cost a small fortune, and restored my youth for a few more years. But alas, you can never outrun the sands of time, and everything went back to the way it was before. Mirrors were enemies, selfies and photos weren't as often. "Youth is wasted on the young", I sighed.

Or maybe it was an underlying feeling of helplessness, witnessing the elderly in old age, unable to care for themselves - being at the mercy of those who they (or their children) choose to care for them. The circle of life never stops with the increase of technology - it only expands. Life expectancy went from 40 to 50 to 80 - and more to come, I'm sure. But we'll never really be able to out run the circle of life - you'll shit yourself when you're freshly born, and you'll shit yourself when you're nearly dead. "Youth is wasted on the young". 

And that brings me to a few moments ago. As I lay, with all who loved me around me, I thought to myself - "Wouldn't it be great if Benjamin Button was real? If you went from old and frail to stronger and younger every day? Imagine how much more you could do with more energy as time went on. The places I could go, the people I could meet, the things I could discover, the good I could do...it would be all I could ever dream of" As this thought progressed, I began to tear up, sad at the missed opportunities, the lost possibilities, all the failures and sad moments began flooding back, all of it...and I knew, in that moment, it was time to go. I looked around the room, and I said "I will always love you..."

And then that jolt I had always dreaded. 

And then I awoke.

