I can feel the sweat on my hands and the pounding of my heart in my chest.  My legs and my hands are shaking and I'm making a concious effort not to soil myself.  I've never felt this way before.  Certainly not because of a crying girl, one who doesn't know I'm here.  Cowering behind a tree.

It's my first experience with fear.  I dont like it.  Not at all.

My life has always been easy.  Every decision preordained to make it so.  I just have to read the words.

They hang there, in my vision, always.  Guiding me.  Options and consequences, probabilities and certainties.  If I'm ever uncertain or doubtful of the choices given I just have to look, to pay attention, and everything I need to know is there.  Even a few more complicated, risky options.  But the correct choice, the one that's best for me is always spelled out.  Always.  I just have to read the script. Act the part.  Why look deeper when the first choice is always the better one?

How could I be so stupid?

Her name is Annabelle, Anna to everyone but her grandmother.  She's my neighbor, we go to the same school, and we were best friends as children.  We grew apart after puberty.  After I started seeing the words and started trusting them.

Because that was the 'best' decision.

She's staring into the woods behind our houses while sitting on the bench under the old tree in her back yard.  I'm cowering just on the other side of the tree.  I don't have much time left to fix this.  To change the script.

Or to live, if anything goes wrong.

It's all my fault.

I step from behind the tree.

"Anna, don't.  Talk to me, let me help."

She looks at me, surprise in her big brown eyes.  Her tear streaked face pales when she recognizes me, then crumples.  It takes only a moment, that shift of expression, but it feels it like hours.  I burn it into my mind.

Black hair catching the breeze, a few strands sticking to the drying tears on her left cheek.  Full lips slowly twisting into a grimace.  The little red spot next to her dripping nose. In that one brief moment I tried to memorize every perfect curve and line of her face, every flaw.  Trying to make up for lost time.

The moment ends much too soon as she speaks.

"I'm sorry."

I move the moment she opens her mouth to talk, reaching towards her hand.  Towards her grandma's .44 magnum.  I grab the barrel and try to point it away from us, even though the words, the script, tell me to let go.  To let go, let her keep the gun and talk her down.

Even though she wouldn't tell me why.
Even though she'd just try again tonight, with no one to stop her.
Even though she'd succeed.  

Because if I go for the gun, I'm going to get shot.

The barrel burns my hand as it goes off and I feel the hollowpoint rip into my left side. The expression of shock on Anna's face would be funny if this didn't hurt so much. Anna screams my name as I hit the ground. 

Left side.  That was the right outcome.  The one I wanted.  Maybe the correct choice is to do whats best for myself, to try to do the right thing, but without taking a risk.  Sure.  Thats technically the correct choice, but it wasnt the right one.

Not if it meant losing Anna.  Not when I still haven't told her how I feel about her.  Not yet.  Because it was never in the script.