Jason shuffled on his seat, the murmur of dozens of alarmed conversations in foreign languages made him uneasy and the elderly Korean woman next to him had been whispering hurried prayers to herself for a while now making him even more nervous. Out the window, the clouds were so dense he couldn't even see the wing of the plane anymore. He took out his phone, it still had no signal and the in-flight Wi-Fi wasn't working. His hands were shaking. It was almost midday, they should have landed three hours ago.

He was flying from Beijing to Seoul as part of his two week trip through Asia. A gift from his parents after graduating from college. The next stop was Japan and then back to the United States, to adult life and student debt. That was if he survived this nightmare of a flight.

The last announcement the pilot had made was about a delay on the landing due to bad weather. Jason assumed there was probably a storm going on due to the dense cloud cover and constant turbulence. But as the hours passed he and the other passengers on the small plane grew restless.

A burly Chinese man in a suit got up from his seat, ignoring the 'fasten your seat belt' sign that had been on for over an hour, and walked towards the drawn aisle curtains behind which the flight attendants had retreated, turbulence rocked the plane and he fell on his knees grunting loudly. The turbulences were becoming stronger and more frequent. A stewardess walked out from the front and spoke to the man signaling him to go back to his seat, the man responded angrily.

Jason didn't understand anything they said, he had practiced some basic chinese and korean for the trip, but they were speaking too fast for him to catch up. He could grasp the context anyway, the man wanted to know what was going on and the stewardess was failing to provide answers that satisfied him.

The exchange kept going and escalated, a young Japanese woman had gotten up and joined the discussion. Other people were now shouting from their seats as well. Jason heard an english-speaking man demand to talk to the pilot. Two more men got up from their seats and started walking towards the cockpit. Another stewardess came out from the front and tried to calm people down to no effect. The shouts mounted to a collective roar. Jason started to panic and covered his ears, his heart was pounding on his chest, clashing with his sped up breathing, the noise made him feel claustrophobic and dread built up inside him. He suffered from anxiety attacks and the situation was becoming unbearable. His hands fumbled with his seat belt until it released him, he jumped out of his seat and sprinted towards the bathroom. He heard one of the flight attendants yell, but he couldn't know if it had been at him or any of the other people.

Another turbulence hit the plane, this time so strong it effectively lifted him, the staff and the other standing passengers into the air before slamming them back down to the floor. Jason let out a shriek of pain. Hysteria flooded the cabin amongst the screaming and crying as the oxygen masks were released from the ceiling. The man in the suit had hit his head and was bleeding profusely. One of the stewardesses seemed to be unconscious.

The speakers came on and the pilot's voice could barely be heard over the resounding bellows. Jason didn't understand what the man was saying and didn't wait until he repeated it in english, he got up and kept running towards the bathroom where he locked himself up.

He collapsed on the bathroom floor, trying to steady his breathing. He held his chest tightly and shut his eyes. His jaw was clenched hard, it had been years since he had had a panic attack. He lost track of time as he slowly calmed down. The bathroom door was knocked several times but he ignored it. After a while he noticed the noise outside had mostly settled, and even the turbulences had stopped. He wasn't sure how long it had been. He did what he could to collect himself and walked out.

The atmosphere in the cabin had shifted drastically, everyone was back on their seats, no one was yelling anymore. Most people were quietly weeping, faces were pale with looks of shock.

Jason approached a western looking woman, she was maniacally biting her fingernails.

"What happened?" He asked her, confused.

She looked at him, the fear in her eyes telling him something terrible was going on.

"I was in the bathroom, please tell me what happened, what did the pilot say?"

"The captain..." She struggled to mutter, "He said... We... We're..." The woman buried her face in her hands and broke down crying.

A chill went down Jason's spine. He looked around, everyone seemed to have had their spirit broken.

At the end of aisle, in the alcove before the cockpit, was the whole plane crew, including the pilots. Jason walked, distraught, towards them.

The unconscious stewardess was buckled up on a seat, the rest of the crew was having a hushed conversation.

"What's going on?" he interrupted them.

"Please sir, go back to your seat." A male flight attendant grabbed him by the arm.

"No! Tell me what's going on!" Jason struggled.

The pilot was a stern looking Korean man, but he was trying his best to keep a calm and kind face on. He signaled the flight attendant to release him.

"What's your name?" he asked with almost no accent.

"I'm Jason, what's going on? Why haven't we landed? Why are you out here?"

"Jason, my name is Hyun-Soo, I'm the captain, I'll be honest to you, as I have been with the rest of the passengers," he paused, pondering on how to explain things, "We don't know what's going on."

"What? What do you mean?" Jason was dumbfounded.

"We lost contact with the control tower hours ago, we have been hailing emergency signals for the past three hours to no avail," he stopped allowing Jason to take in what he was saying.

"Why don't you land? Just go to another airport! " Jason was confused.

"Jason, let's sit down," the pilot gestured toward the crew's seats.

Jason surrendered the weight of his body to the seat, the pilot sat next to him.

"We started reducing altitude when we lost contact, we were trying to get back in range." The man spoke slowly, trying to hide the fear in his voice. "We weren't able to pick up any signals. But we noticed that no matter how low we went we couldn't get out of the dense clouds that are surrounding the plane. Clouds are not supposed to form beneath a certain altitude."

"So they're not clouds?"

"We're not sure what it is, but it's also in every direction, we tried plotting different courses but never got out of it."

Jason felt a sense of despair expanding through his body. "But..." He didn't know what to say, "You have to do something, you're the captain!"

"Jason..." The captain's tone turned somber, "The plane ran out of fuel half an hour ago."

The words hit Jason in the stomach, leaving him breathless.

"We don't understand how we're still flying, if that's even what we're doing right now, there is nothing any of us can do."

The words sounded distant. Jason couldn't process what they meant. He stood, in a trance, and walked back to his seat. The elderly woman was still praying.

He looked at his hands. They weren't shaking anymore.