Sorry. 

I know you may hear it a lot from me, or others from where I live, but you don't know the truth. The truth that haunts us to this day. No, it isn't because of our politically correct ideology. It isn't from our Prime minister. It isn't from the queen. It isn't because we are polite. It is something much darker. 

Ever wonder why no one ever thinks about Canada?  Why nothing significant happens in Canada? This isn't by chance. This isn't because we are boring. It is quite the opposite. Something no one knows but us. But I will enlighten you. I only have a short amount of time before they kill me for letting out this secret. So here it goes. 

Let's start with you America. Where do I begin? George Washington. The first president of your country. He didn't just die from an illness. This was a poison. It mimicked symptoms of illness, as this was the design. With the war causing your new country to be weak we had to just try to take you down. We couldn't just invade. Your civilians were far too armed to be successful. We thought the loss of your first leader would be enough to destroy your little country but we were wrong. We never gave up our attempts though. The civil war was brought upon you by our agents. We almost succeeded with our plans until we realized that Lincoln was stronger than we anticipated. We had an assassin go take care of him under the cover of being from the south. 

We were also responsible for the Kennedy assassination. This wasn't just some lunatic. He was becoming far too powerful. He had to be dealt with. Taking care of him helped us to divide the United states, which has been successful as we can see today. And we are sorry about that. 

We have also lead many coups around the world and many tyrannies, but I must say we are responsible for the worst event in history. The holocaust. 

Whether you believe me or not doesn't matter. I know it may seem sat fetched, but we planted Adolph Hitler in Germany there as a deep cover agent. He overthrew the government by pinning the blame on the Jews. He then lead the charge to kill 6 million of them until he "committed suicide" this divided Germany, along with pegging anyone who is a Patriot to their country, or a nationalist as its synonym, as a crazy genocidal maniac with blood on their hands. This actually helped in our plans to destabilize countries around the world as those who loved their country were shunned. As nationalism was such an evil thing. 

What would be the end goal of this? Simple. Canada. As other countries fell apart only Canada would remain, and thus the world would be Canada. But we have now seen how evil our plans are. So for that, I say sorry. 