Hercules was a pussy.  

I mean, he had to be, what with his carrying on about his twelve labors and all that. Bitch never had to actually climb Olympus. *Nooo, that’s too difficult*, so wait until you die and then Daddy will whisk you up here on a fucking cloud. I swear if I get another blister on my knees from climbing these fucking rocks I’m going to summon Hades and just say fuck it. Plus, I stink. I can’t even remember the last time I could take a bath, but it’s been a least a week. Also, my tunic is all messed up, there’s a huge tear running down the side and it is throwing my whole outfit out of whack. So now my sword is totally un-accentuated and I look like  god-damn peasant. Don’t even get me started on my sandals.  

Troy hadn’t been as hard as this. It was mostly sitting around and chatting up Vestal Virgins and pillaging temples. That was until the end there when that prick Odysseus thought up that trick with the horse.  That had been funny, and I thought for sure he’d be laughed out of the tent when he came up with it, but Menelaus totally fell for that nonsense. Idiot. So then we had to build the thing and my god, the splinters! Took a month for my hands to get back to something resembling an actual human hand. Coarse as the sands of the Sahara I thought. Then we had to sit in the thing waiting for the Trojans to pull it inside the walls. Great Apollo! You have no idea, I mean *no idea* how much a bunch of Greeks sitting inside the asshole of a wooden horse can stink after three days. Like a warm bucket of Cerberus’s shit after he took a swim in the river Styx before rolling around in Minotaur’s armpit.  

It had been awful, but none of that came close to the day I got home to find my wife sporting an amphora in her belly. Now, I’m not stupid, Archimedes himself taught me my geometry, and shore leave three months ago does not add up to the size of the sphere she had. She was at least four months along. As soon as I saw her I knew someone else had sneaked his Trojan in there while I was gone. The fact that she was a whore wasn’t much of a surprise to me. I mean, on our first date she told the Chaperone to piss off, and that old hag had barely turned the corner before Diana was elbows deep in my toga. So yeah, she couldn't see Vestal Virgin in the rearview mirror of the chariot if she had a field glass. Thing is, she’s loaded, her dad has some sort of thing going on with that skank Hera and from what I am picking up she’s greasing more than the axles of commerce if you know what I mean. Crux of the matter, I don’t care who Diana screws as long as we stay married.  
 
Regardless, and in spite of my reasoned discourse that would have put Pluto to shame with the flawlessness of it's logic, she just denied denied denied. In some way I had to admire her resolve and ingenuity, sticking to that ridiculous tale about how Zeus had been the one to knock her up.     

“He came in the night, in the form of an old man begging for alms”, she’d said.  

Yeah, I bet he came in the night.  

Anyway, I had an image to uphold, so that was the story we spread through the village and fuck me if those idiots didn’t believe it. It had been okay for a while, but then the elders had summoned me to a meeting. Seems it was unacceptable for me to do nothing about the fact that a god had put a bun in my wife’s oven. Honor and all that malarkey. No, there was nothing to do but confront Mr. Lightning Bolt and demand an apology, smite him or alternatively extract a year’s supply of grain and other assorted goods from him. Don’t think for a moment I didn’t know it was that asshole Telemachus that was behind it all. I bet it’s his spawn navigating the labyrinth of her womb, since he’s been giving Diana the oculus ever since that orgy where Narcissus literally fucked himself. Telemachus was *wayyy* too into that little performance if you ask me. Way I hear it, he swings both ways, loves going Greek if you catch my drift. And there was that time when Oedipus told me – if you take anything *that* motherfucker says seriously – that he thought he saw Telemachus in the Forum with the headman, giving head. 

Hah, that’s funny, headman getting head…

Long story short, I was basically forced into this little adventure.  Either this, or the village would stone her to death to make sure Zeus’s wife didn’t get her loincloth in a twist and come after them with plagues and shit. As if they didn’t know that Hera was already all up in Diana’s father’s business. Fine by me to be honest, I’ve been talking to Helen ever since that piss-ant Paris started drinking himself into oblivion because he’d started feeling guilty about shooting Achilles in the heel. Seems he thought himself unworthy of whacking the dude that whacked his brother or some such shit. Wake up asshole! If you want to feel guilty about something, how about that time you started a war because you couldn’t accept that the domicile-coming queen liked her men old and dirty instead of young and innocent like you. Whatever though, she’s taken a definite shine to me since I came back from the war. Problem is I think it has a lot to do with my money. Which is really Diana’s money. Which in turn means I have to do this thing so that Diana and I can stay married, while Helen and I have a little something-something on the side.

I still have no idea what I am supposed to do when I get up there, and it is starting to become a problem. There’s only this little rise left and then I am at the top. So much for Olympus being off limits to mortals, bitch, I climbed this fucker like I was Sisyphus. Thing is, what happens when I get up there? All I’ve been able to come up with so far is to bitch slap the guy and then high-tail it out of there, and then see what’s what. Not like I can call on Alexander for a plan here, that bastard’s off in Egypt or some such godforsaken place, instead of here, helping me like I helped him that time he wanted to stab his father. 

Asshole.

Well, I guess there’s nothing left but to do it now. Just a few more feet and I’ll be at the top. Poor Zeus, even though I know you probably had nothing to do with this, I’m still going to have smite the shit out of you. 

Here I go, let the smiting commence.
