"9/11 never happened!"

I said that out loud in my class, and things went so silent I could hear a pin drop. I'm a virtuoso, a perfectionist. I'm a master at my craft. I wield my mind like a master swordsman, my historic knowledge knowing no limit. Lately, it has been cause for distress. I've sat up late for many nights on end, reassessing things. Why was I never wrong? Ever? I was never wrong, and it hurt me. So I became obsessed, with the prospect of being wrong, being incorrect for the first time in thirty years. Culminating in this little outburst.

I dismissed class early that day, and called in sick so I could avoid whatever repercussions for my actions. I sounded like one of those deniers, those tinfoil wearing conspiracy theorists. It was weird, it was like a daze. I didn't know whether what I said was even real. Perhaps I was going senile, or crazy, or maybe both.

I went to bed that night, mulling over the jumbled thoughts in my brain. Why wasn't I wrong, why wasn't I wrong, why wasn't I wrong, why, why, why, why, why

I woke up the next day, went to the computer, and typed in the following:

"September 11, 2001 World Trade Center Attacks."

Nothing. I was a denier a denier a denier a denier what has happened to me what what what what I'm breaking it up.

Nothing, no, no. 

World War II never happened! World War I never happened! 

I frantically search through my archives the records oh what war what conflict? Um. No, none of this happens, I can change history I can undo it all, I am the omnipotent master of all your history that's my purpose my place my place my place what place

I went back to bed in a delirium. This knowledge in my head was fit to make it burst. I needed help, fast. 

.......am I insane? Who am I? What am I?

Oh, what a weird fever dream.

Dream, dreams dreams dreams why do I know so damn much

Do you know who killed

Do you know or maybe you know or maybe you know or maybe you know or maybe you

————————————————————

r/bluelizardK

Good night everybody. Thank you for taking the time to read my work, regardless of its obvious inferiority to the above works. It means a lot to me. The more I look at my writing, the worse I feel about it. I suppose that’s just the way it goes :)