20 meters away another air drop was crashing down. A large crate about the size of a truck.

You could feel everyone trying to process what was happening. It was too much. Surviving a plane crash was enough trauma for anyone. Now... Whatever this was.

"Wait" one of the other survivors said. "Let's take a few minutes to talk about this. It's clear something very strange is going on, and we've all been through a lot. While we still don't know what's in that crate, let's spend some time learning what we can about our situation and each other".

Everyone seemed to agree. Nodding, mumbling yeses. 

We gathered wood and built a fire. Some gathered fruits. Not a lot more was said for a long while.

We settled by the fire in a circle. The man who originally spoke was again the first to break the silence.

"My name is Ellis. I lost my wife in that crash." Quiet tears fell from his eyes. "I'm scared but trying to hold myself together as we figure this out".

"My name is Reina" said a woman across from me. She was the most beat up of all of us and her voice cracked. "I don't know what's going on but I'm scared out of my mind and just want this to be over".

The man next to her offered embrace which she took and sobbed into his chest.

We talked into the night. Comforting each other, learning about each other's families, origins. Normal people. None of us special or connected in any way we could figure out. We talked until we were exhausted, we cried until no tears were left. We fell asleep huddled together under some short palms.

Weeks go by. We had learned to fish and were subsisting off coconut water, fruit and crabs mostly.

The crate was untouched. We had formed a pact that no one would open it, figuring nothing good would come if it. Each 7 days a plane would fly above and drop another message. We didn't open them either. Someone knew we were here, they weren't helping us escape, and we weren't going to give them the satisfaction of playing their game. 

We discussed various ways to save ourselves but all of them seemed reckless and hopeless. So we continued on. 

A couple of months went by with no more messages. We were getting weary of this new life but we found ways to counsel each other and give each other hope. 

One morning, we woke up to a man sitting near our camp, facing us. It was unnerving but he didn't seem to have ill intention that we could tell. We gathered and asked him who he was.

"You've ignored my messages." He said.

So clearly this man is somehow responsible for... All this? But how?

"I've watched you over the last couple of months from hidden cameras. I had hoped to enjoy a fight for survival between all of you and film it".

This was crazy and sounded like lunacy.

"Instead what you've done is found a way to help each other, support each other..." His voice now had a bit of anger in it, but it died down. "It has been inspiring to watch". He took some deep breaths and we waited.

"You see many years ago I used to host a show where we would strand people on an island for 39 days and make them complete obstacle courses and vote each other off". Some of us knew the show, Survivor. Was this man... Jeff Probst? He looked so old, weathered. 

"After the show got cancelled, I went into a great depression and retreated to one of the islands I had come across where a tribe took me in and after some time taught me their shamanic rituals. I've meditated for years. I learned I could slightly control outcomes of fate and brought all of you here".

This was all just madness. We were too stunned to talk. I wanted nothing more than to murder this man, but he was also our only way off the island. We waited.

"My anger and desire for blood grew in my meditations. I tried to control it but it eats at me. I've brought you here because I never got to see a real fight to the death on the show, just the incessant arguing and pettiness of those contestants. It drove me half crazy. But you've shown me that humans can be amazing to each other. I've learned from you. I've cried so much over the last few months. I just want this to end and for you to be free."

With that he handed me a map and said it would lead us to a boat waiting for us.

He wandered into the forest.

We followed the map eagerly, half expecting another surprise. The boat was waiting, no one else on board but loaded with delicious food. We started the boat. A GPS lit up with coordinates loaded to the nearest safe port.

//////////////

Edit: I wish I had time to make this more 'complete' feeling, but I'm new at this and I have to get to work now. Hope you enjoy!

Edit 2: Aww, Reddit silver!! Thanks kind stranger!! Made my day! 

Edit 3: And gold?! Teeheehee! Thx!


