
	Herman Aaron died at age 96 of terminal lung cancer with his family by his side. He was a fighter all the way through, refusing hospice care and opting for chemotherapy and radiation to try and beat the tumor. Unfortunately, his body was simply too old and eventually gave out. He said his good byes and he let go. 

	Which is why he now finds himself ascending through an ethereal plain, a constant white fog that was warm on his skin. Herman had been ascending for close to 3 hours now and was quickly growing impatient.

	Was this Purgatory? Would he be stuck floating through an endless abyss for the rest of eternity? Or had there simply been no one there to greet him? Where were the pearly gates he had heard so much about? Where was St. Peter and his ledger, deciding if he would enter heaven or descend down into hell?

	Herman closed his eyes, and let out a deep breath. He was definitely dead and mostly like in purgatory, so he had plenty of time to worry but for now, he just wanted to the feeling of fresh air in his lungs and no chemo in his blood. 

	He breathed back in deeply and promptly fell in a heap. His eyes had still been closed when he fell but he stumbled to his feet and saw that the white fog had been replaced with dark grey smoke. He had found the pearly gates. 

	They were in pieces on the soft white ground. Shattered into oblivion. There were bodies every, corpses dressed in robes as pure as the sky. One man lay propped up against the ivory pillars that had once supported the gates. Around him lay thousands of parchment pages, countless of them soaked red with blood. 

	Herman panicked, and stumbled past the bodies. Was he in hell? Was this the devil’s trick? To convince him he had ascended into eternal paradise to only then rip him away and throw him into the depths of hell? He was scared now but he kept moving forward. Soft white ground had become smooth, white roads. They looked to be stone, impossibly smooth and neatly arranged. The buildings that lined the streets were just as immaculate, adorned with Greek columns and stunning stained glass windows, scenes from the bible done in all white. Or so they were once. The windows were smashed, the neatly organized bricks in the road torn up and thrown through them. The snow-white walls and roads were pasted with blood, black and red. 

	His footsteps were the only noise. Echoing off the stone and shattering the surrounding quiet. Herman kept moving slowly down the roads. Taking a left here, and a right there, always choosing the road that was the largest, hoping it would take him to the center of town, or at the very least somewhere where someone else might be. He walked, quicker now, down a thoroughfare line with huge buildings on either side of him. 

He turned a corner onto an even larger street and stopped, frozen stiff in his tracks. The bodies were endless. Countless souls scattered the ground, some with wings, most without, a few that had them ripped away and flung away. In the center of the massive opening was a fountain, quietly trickling in the silent air. It was the first sound he had heard that wasn’t his own ragged breath or frantic footsteps.

Now that ragged breath had gone, the feet frozen. But it wasn’t the bodies, it was two men, the first standing in the fountain, the water up to his calves. He was holding the second man in giant red hands. The second was garbed in white, his face submerged under the water, only the front of his robes and bits of his chest broke the surface, held up by long red fingers. 

The standing man, dropped the drowned man, dismissing him back into the water. He turned and his dark yellow eyes met Herman’s own. They danced with malice and fire and Herman felt fear he never knew possible. The large man’s red lips split into a smile, revealing two rows of thick, needled teeth. 

“Herman, my son, oh my good man, I’ve been waiting for you!”

The red man stepped out of the fountain, what little water still clung to his legs boiled off in a mist. He wore only a pair of snug black pants. His chest was massive, easily two or three times as wide as Herman’s own, and his arms served to complete the set. 

The giant sauntered over to him, horrifyingly graceful despite it’s size. He dropped to a knee in front of Herman and the grin spread across his face again. 

“W-what is this? Is this a joke? No, no, I’m not in hell, no!”

“Of course not, sir, of course not. You think I would have this much white in my house? And after Labor Day? Haaa!” The laugh was a coarse roar that sent shivers down Herman’s spine. 

“No, sir, no this is Heaven. You made it! This is no joke, and certainly no trick. Though it was fun.” The giant glanced back over his shoulder at the body floating in fountain. 

“But you see, there was a mistake. Apparently, something about you repenting your sins at the last minute? No, no, that can’t be! I was quite looking forward to spending time with you Herman Aaron! Your life set you up for such a promising death in Hell!” 

“I did, I did! I repented my sins! I am a good man who belongs here, not with you!”

“Now, now, sir, you forget yourself,” the grin had disappeared, the glee and excitement in the horned beast’s voice had gone with it. “I know you, son. I know your soul. God may have forgiven your sins, but I do not forget what is truly inside you. I know the power it gives me. The old man had not wanted me to have it, and well, you can see how that turned out. It was past time I took care of him anyway.”
“No, Herman I know you to your very center. I know what you’ve done. You fooled the police, you fooled that empty-headed wife of yours, but not me Herman. Wasn’t I perched on your shoulder the whole time, encouraging you on?”

Herman still couldn’t move, but he could remember. 

The faces, all of their faces. 

The first had been only 9, only a year younger than him when it had happened. Oh, how that little shit had idolized him. Herman couldn’t even go for a walk without that petulant child cowering in his shadow. He had drowned the boy in the lake next to his favorite hiking path. It took his family 3 weeks to fish out the body. 

The second had been a woman. She was smitten with him and the fool had agreed to go camping with him just *so soon* after meeting. She had almost made it too easy to enjoy. Again he had done it out in the woods, it had always been his so much better with not but trees as company. No interruptions, no city smog to disrupt his senses. Her blood had smelled so fresh in the mountain air. Her they never found. 

There had been others, so many others but no one had ever known, not truly. He looked up and met the golden, gleaming eyes.

“You are mine, a disciple of all that I preach. As a mortal, you played God, judging who lived and who died. How did that work out for Him?” he said with a jerk over his shoulder. 

Herman dropped to a knee, “Yes… I am yours… master.” 
The devil stood tall, drowning the dead man in his shadow, “Good, my son, we have work to do.”

	