(Cool prompt.. I'm just going to leave my interpretation of it (as well as my short story) here.. Thanks)

I awoke to the new day with an inkling stirring in my minds eye... I wondered upon what was so different between me and those with black hair.. I wanted to understand what was so highly regarded upon them, why they were better than myself.. 

I was born with dark blond hair and being an artist made it lighter by each passing second.. I never hated it as I feel like the years of improvement was worth the ultimate trade off but I always pondered upon what it was like in the others' shoes; and if I would be better or worse in the other side.. Seldom the grass looks greener from the other side..

I went to the hair salon across the way, (there is no store across the land that sells black hair dye).. looking to purchase a wig of black hair, hair so black that it was if I plucked the wings of a raven. I got it despite how hard it was to secure it as i did get a lot of glares among other things..

Giggling uncontrollably on my way to there; holding my paper brown bag.. I got a few mildly confused looks but as soon as they saw me, their confusion faded...

I got home.. And I was deciding what I should do.. I can't wear this at college because people will wonder how my hair altered too fast and I can't wear this to work because everyone knows my hair color there as well.. it's too obvious.. I guess I can walk around town or go to the library...

I didn't like how I looked with black hair but that was probably due to how accustomed I am to blond... I wondered if my pale white skin and blue/green eyes make it obvious that it's fake... 

I walked among the streets, I decided to pretend that I'm not from around this region of the city.. The result was that I got more respect and understanding for my bumbling questions or errs.. Usually if I have a stupid question, it would be a cause for laughter.. I... I... Think this is interesting..

I then went to the book store.. I asked a question, which is very peculiar about a certain book, I didn't get any stares.. I didn't get any laughter.. I was treated seriously..

It's so.. odd.. I can swear my voice squeaked quite a few times but no one paid attention to it.. I went into the bathroom and gazed into the mirror.. In the glass, I saw the other me looking back at me.. What I could of been.. What I could be.. Am I a failure? Why is it the other me is taken more seriously?? There is no difference between the two of us.. 

I saw her smile, looking at me.. Taunting me... Her laughter is now my own..  I run my fingers on my neck, it's not the same.. Not the same.. I want what I shouldn't have yet there's no one to object this except for her.. I want to be like her but she is me so how can this continue to be..

The fingers caressing my throat, in a flash punched the mirror to the point that all was left of shards.. I am frustrated.. I want to be like what I have seen but in my frustration, I broke it so.. I only see her reflection from the broken pieces.. Looking so sad and lonely.. what can I do to make what she has mine if she is me.. we are the same but only one small difference, she has black hair and I have blond.. 

I want it so bad that my lips are quivering, my throats is parched and eyes are starting to tear up.. My mind is shaking, everything is starting to blur as I scream inwardly that I will do whatever it takes to have it.. Everything became nothing and nothing became everything.. 

 Experiment failed.. 

In the end, I realized there must be a way to dye my hair the same as this wig or hot glue it on.. One day or another I will succeed in having my hair permanently black... Hair dye and how to do it.. the next mission of experiment that hopefully can be succeed and I can withhold the fruits of my success to myself, forever.. Just like the guy who found the fountain of youth, despite it never to be admitted to be found.. Same with ancient treasures of gods... But nothing is unsure in this future as long as we have the determination, we can set our minds to great heights and soar like eagles or plummet to the ground.. 