The boss was yelling at them. Again. Apparently they fucked up somehow and caused him to lost another case.

I'm just the IT guy, so I usually get off scot-free as long as the internet is still working. Of course, then it stopped working right as I was thinking it, such a fucking jinx.

Boss decides to now redirect his attention at me. I get up and start going through the usual troubleshooting motions, just as the pizza guy arrives.

"15 large pizzas for the law firm on floor 43?"

"Yes, that's us" Says the intern. He pays the guy with the money collected beforehand and brings in the pizzas, each one of the 5 of us grabs a slice.

Before anyone asks, yes, 15 large pizzas for 5 guys, that's just how we roll.

Right at that point, I'm slowly starting to realize that the internet connection might be off for the whole building. I try checking my phone and realize it has no signal whatsoever.

I motion to the boss that I'm gonna check with the building management to see what's going on, right as the intern turns the TV on:

"STAY INDOORS AND DO NOT LOOK OUTSIDE. CLOSE AND BLIND YOUR WINDOWS. THIS IS NOT A DRILL."

This makes me stop with my hand on the doorknob. Then the radio TV we keep on the reception area comes on:

"EVACUATE IMMEDIATELY, GET TO HIGH GROUND. THIS IS NOT A TEST. GET TO HIGH GROUND IMMEDIATELY." is all we hear from it.

At this point, one of the two lawyers, bolts out the door.

"I have to go see my wife and daughter!" He says.

"You don't need to bother coming back tomorrow." The boss coldly replies.

"Hey, more pizza for us!", The other lawyer chides in, getting the first laugh out of the boss in pretty much ever.

"Shit, you win this one, next pizzas are on me."

 We had made a bet where I said the boss never smiled in his life.

"What do we do now?", The intern asks, starting to feel a little fearful.

"Well, we're on high ground already, so we're covered on both fronts, I'd assume."

"Anyone got playing cards?"

"I've got some on my desk drawer."

"I have a box of poker chips."

"We have a plan, then! Might wanna ration those pizzas, just in case."
