I laughed.    
The wound in my oesophagus was gushing blood and fear was decorating my thoughts but I couldn't help releasing a wet chuckle. Of course this would happen to me, on the day I finally succeeded in something.   
My certificate of achievement was covered in red and silt, legible no longer. The blue sky above me mocked the severity of my injury but I closed my eyes and held onto the feeling of the hot sun a moment longer. There was nothing I could do, I am dead so why fight it?   
A deep, bright light consumed me from inside and when I opened my eyes I knew I was no longer in the physical realm. Just as birds migrate in the winter, I intrinsically knew that I was in a world between lives. Purgatory, limbo. Nameless plain.    
Standing in a white doorway that appeared to lead no where was the only thing familiar in a place of confusion: Mania. A creature, a goddess, a man and woman all at once. Her shape never changed but she was never anything definite. She was everything and woman, but never truly whole.    
She was a goddess of lost civilization and a shadow of modern belief. She represent all opinions of death. In life, I would be afraid but I looked upon her now with a fullness in my spirit - in myself, that I'd never felt before.   
I hadn't realized I was walking to her or perhaps the plain shifted us closer, but I was now at the doorway in which she stood.    
"Welcome home." Her words were not sarcastic, she spoke with the wisdom of eternity. I nodded to her and desired to wrap my arms around her naked body. All she held was a marbled scythe, carved in a detail that did not exist on Earth.    
"Together," she continued softly "we will make our way to your final place of rest. Mother wishes to see you, she has missed you as she misses all her children." Mania's hand held my chin and concern was in her eyes. "The path to the Aeons is not an easy one, and for that I apologize. The realm between heaven and earth has been overrun with evil spirits that did not exist a millennia ago. Earth, for all the beauty it gives to humanity, has been made toxic with a darkness I never knew possible. The underworld and my sisters have not been able to keep down the evil that should lurk only in the darkness. Lemures, is what the leaked souls are called. They are vengeful that they have not been allowed into heaven and wish to destroy it. That would be truly impossible, but they persist. They will attack us as we ascend and try to steal your place. You will die all over if they reach you, except you will be dead in a way I cannot explain. You will not have existed, but it's more than that. Not even I, a deity from the sands of nothing, can comprehend this horror. I will protect you. Like my sister Hine-nui-te-pō who guarded this gate before me, I would give my existence to protect you. With this weapon we will make it home together."   
I understood her words clearly. If I still housed a heart, I knew it would be beating with fear. I was nothing but a spirit now but it was possible I could disappear into nothing - less than nothing. Mania took my hand and spoke, firmly. "You will not die again."     
Hand in hand, we stepped into the doorway and into the cosmos.    
Stars of new colours met my gaze, they shone so bright I could not see the blackness they sat in. We floated, strolling, above and below the stars but never grew closer. It reminded me of diving in the night, and for the first time since I came to this place I missed being alive.    
A peculiar sound broke my thoughts. I looked all around and finally my eyes caught glimpse of a hoard of tiny hands. The hands were holding each other and making a long chain, a rope in which they could ensnare us.    
"Do not let them touch you. Stay close to me." Mania wielded her blade in a style so beautiful I forgot momentarily to be afraid.    
Every swing she took, the hands separated and she missed. They were persistent and relentless.   
She swung again wildly, and cut the chain in half. The hands let go and made fists, but some of them dropped into eternity and disappeared. There were more still and they attacked Mania, pulling her hair and scratching her flesh wherever they could.


(**might continue here, might continue over time privately**)