"Counterparts in four of the NWS are ready to participate in the strike if need be, sir. Plus India. We're still trying to raise France."

A grin split the Director's craggy face, incongruous amidst the blaring klaxons. "Tell me, Private. Do you really think France will make a difference?"

"Every bit counts, sir?"

The grin got wider. The Private's heart beat even faster. Was his superior cracking up? True, it was understandable given the circumstances, but the man was supposed to be the facility's rock. The two of them alone were still; all around them in the bunker officers flat-out ran to destinations unknown, expressions from panic to resignation etched on their faces. 

Given his uncertainty about the Director's mental state, he decided the safest path was just to recount what he knew. "We are at level 1, sir. A nuclear response has been deemed appropriate. Given the, uh, the severity of the threat, the largest muster of warheads available is considered optimal, which is why we... sir, I hope you don't consider it indecorous, but may I ask why you're laughing, sir?"

"Have you looked outside, Private?"

"I've been briefed..."

"There is a different sky above us. You can see purple stars. Three miles from here there's a hole in the Earth that goes straight down into the goddamn mantle. The gatespur has devoured the Nevada national guard. In a bunker beneath our feet the flameminds have started *singing*, and we haven't seen the Leviathan since last Tuesday. And it just warms the cockles of my cold little heart to see a private so green he's worried about *France*, of all things, in the middle of this."

The Private didn't know whether he wanted to scream or start crying. "We are at a level 1 emergency, sir. It is my job to worry about France," he said, voice wavering.

"This stopped being a Level 1 the instant the gatespur inverted."

"I'm... I'm sorry, sir? Are you saying it reverted to Level 2? That we'll be pursuing a nonnuclear resolution? If so I fail to see..."

"I'm saying," the Director hissed, "that it has been upgraded to Level 0."

Some detached part of the Private's brain conducted a quick search of the Groom Lake briefing books he'd absorbed so studiously not six months prior, and came up empty. "I'm afraid I have not been briefed on Level 0 emergencies, sir."

"It's the level where you stop caring about fucking France."

"I recall a prank played on me by some of the Privates First Class when I first arrived, sir," the Private said cautiously, "wherein they convinced me of the existence of an emergency level 0 before revealing, with great pomp and circumstance, that it consisted solely of calling the number on a Post-it Note."

The Director stared down at him as automated warning e-mails continued to pile up in the corner of his computer screen.

"Privates First Class are not supposed to know about that sticky note," he finally intoned.

The Private goggled. "They were *serious*?"

"We keep resources off-site!"

"A Post-it Note?"

"Sticky note. It's not name brand."

"Whatever! I mean, uh, whatever, sir." The Private paused, rewinding the conversation. "What resources?"

"A temperamental man. Got irradiated with... damned if I can remember what. Back in '84. Or maybe '85? Techie working on the Lateral Fourth, I'm almost certain. Perhaps the Axial Ninth. Since then he's been our secret weapon. Moves around a lot. Currently in Bora Bora, that much I know."

"Technically France," the Private muttered, almost involuntarily.

The Director's smile returned, wider than ever, glinting red in the intermittent darkness. "Do you recall the location of said sticky note, Private?"

"It was on Private Irving's monitor, I believe," the Private said, tentatively pointing.

The Director craned his neck and spotted the pink square of paper, attached to the side of a computer screen showing a grainy livestream of F-35s hovering over the desert, spinning like tops in place as spirals of smoke drizzled from their flanks and splattered upwards into the void.

"Very good. You have a strong memory, Private. That may make things unpleasant for you, shortly." Before the Private could ask, the Director was darting across the room to retrieve the sticky note. He returned to the relative calm in the wake of the Private's desk and removed a red smartphone from a nonstandard pocket of his fatigues.

"Don't you have it memorized, sir?" the Private asked as the Director entered the number into the touchpad.

"Best not to. Best not to memorize much about this man. Liable to get corrupted."

"What do you mea..." the Private quietened when his superior held up a finger for silence, not that his question would have added much to the general panicked din and the blaring of warning bells.

"Lenny, I..." the Director beamed into the phone, before apparently getting cut off. "That bad, huh?" he winced.

"I know we've already given you all the money you could ever want. All the secrets. All the... yes. Yes, Len. I know. So here's what I want to know. What else can we give you?" The Private strained to hear the other end of the line.

"I want you to know," the tinny voice said. "That's all I want. I want you to know how much it hurts me and how many times it's happened this week alone. So that maybe, maybe, this'll be the last one."

"You know it hurts all of us," the Director responded.

"But you don't remember. Try to remember. And remember this number: thirty-nine." At this the Director cringed visibly.

"Thirty-nine? Really?" he said incredulously - almost, the Private thought, shamefacedly.

"This week. Get. It. Lidded." Lenny said. "Or I might just call it quits at forty. I've lived a good life."

"I'll do my best, Len."

"You've done your best thirty-nine times. Do better."

"Yes, Len."

"I'm starting it."

"Thank you, Len."

"Thirty-Nine."

"Hope not to talk to you soon."

"No - enh. No more than I am," the phone voice grunted, pained. The Director ended the call and looked down at the Private, his face unreadable.

"The Lateral Fourth - that was the timeship, sir. Right?"

"One of it, Private. One side of it."

"And thirty-nine?"

"Big ears on you, Private."

"Sorry sir, I couldn't hel- ouch!" the Private slapped a hand to his cheek as a sharp, needling pain ran through it. He flinched as a similar pain struck his left foot, his kidney, his eye.

"He's right, we don't remember this part," the Director grimaced. The Private looked up at him and nearly screamed. The man's face was a patchwork of flesh, blurred and pixellated like a digital television getting bad reception. The left side of his mouth seemed to run in reverse, making grotesque flapping noises. Then the pain struck the Private's left eardrum, and the noises resolved into a sound like speech played in reverse, and then the prickles happened deep inside his head, brain freeze with a thousand tiny claws, and the backward speech was forwards and his thoughts turned around and the klaxons retreated in great gushing waves of silence and the lights flickered on and off and a great buzzing sound filled his head, driving away all thought and all memory and all notions except the overwhelming drumbeat bedrock of *Tuesday, Tuesday, TUESDAY* and then...

it was Tuesday.

"Readings on the Leviathan are slightly outside normal ranges. Should we check it out?" Irving asked.

"Thirty-nine," the Private blurted.

His fellow private turned to look at him. "What's that?"

"That's fine, I meant to say. We should look into it. Could mean something. That is, that's my opinion, sir," the Private said, suddenly noticing the presence of the Director looming behind him. He turned to face his superior and saw the man mouth the words *thirty-nine.*

The Director shook his head slightly, as if clearing it, and fixed his dark eyes on Irving. "Yes, Private, check it out. Report back to me if you find anything the least bit out of order."

"I'll requisition a sub straightaway, sir," Irving saluted, rising from his desk.

"Oh, and Private? Remove that sticky note from your monitor. Something tells me it won't be useful anymore."
