Selfish bastards. Have you any idea the anger that will manifest when you are left to stew on how someone royally *fucked* you so many God damned years ago, without ever being able to do a thing about it?! Not even a single living person to even *complain* to? I'm sat here for the countless-th fucking time scribbling on a God damned piece of scrap paper, just for the slightest bit of release!

I didn't choose for this to happen. I wasn't anything fucking special and I'd never set myself up for *anything*. I was just an ordinary fucking person. I dropped out of school early for fuck's sake! Why me?! Why was *I* the one that those cowards chose to do the impossible? *It's an entire. Fucking. Planet!* What did they expect me to do?!

I have tried. And tried. I can't even say for how long. When time no longer *exists*, it's a bit difficult to keep track of it. I've gone through it all in my head. Maybe there were some clues that I should have followed. Maybe I knew *something* that others didn't. Maybe I have some sort of contact with God and I just have to find the *God damned* telephone line to his office! 

I've gone through entire fucking libraries of texts. I've prayed in every single God damned church, chapel or registry office I've come across! I even learned a bit of Arabic and tried to deciefer versions of the Qu'ran, and that turned out about as useful as the Torah. I'm at my witt's end. And it just can't end. 

And every single day, I'm teased by that big, black circle in the sky. It has sat in that exact same position beside the Sun, in between the same damned clouds, for what must have been decades. I just want it to turn to night and I just want to be let to die with everyone else. But I can't. Something out there, some selfish, cowardly mind out there, decided that *I* was to be the one stuck in this limbo, while everyone else just stood suspended in time. None the wiser. I'd take the fear that they were frozen with over this, no questions asked.

I have to find it some day. I really don't know how. But there really would have been no reason to even try and keep me here without there being *some* solution. The sun is finally getting lower in the sky as I travel southward to escape it. Maybe then, once I've reached the night, I can at least get some sleep.