As the sun slowly rises in the sleepy town of Springfield, young homo sapiens begin to congregate together in large flocks. But this time, their purpose is not to feed. The young home sapiens have gathered here today for one reason alone -  to mate.

The typical male home sapiens usually does not at first seek a partner. Instead, the male home sapiens learns to first self-pleasure, at first curiously, then more vigorously. The average young male sapiens can self-pleasure itself up to five times in one day. In instances where the male home sapien's bodily appendages are not fully grown or are both broken, the mother can often be found self-pleasuring the male homo sapiens until the male home sapiens appendages are fully healed. 

Here we observe a young male homo sapiens who appears to be ready to graduate from self-pleasuring to finding a mate. The male gazes around hopefully for a prospective mate. While homo sapiens will mate with another home sapiens of either gender, this young male appears to be looking for a female partner.

The typical male-female courtship is a lengthy and exhausting affair. As soon as the male pursues a female, the female loses all interest in the male and will wander off. Only once the male approaches another female will the first female engage the male. As may be expected, this will often lead to vicious skirmishes as the females jostle and wrestle with one another to attract the male's attention. Once the female has hooked the male's attention, the male must move quickly and copulate with female while the female is receptive. As soon as the female notices that the other females are no longer pursuing her mate, the male will no longer be allowed to copulate with the female. From that juncture and on, the male home sapiens is then reduced to building a nest for the female and removing any waste that accumulates in the female's nest.

Here we see the young male home sapiens sidle slowly up to a female. It tries to communicate with the female but is shy and timid, and the female walks away in disgust. But all is not lost for the male. Another female home sapiens from across the corridor has noticed the male's interest, and slowly begins stalking the male. Success! The male has found a mate. All too quickly the young male homo sapiens will copulate and thus begin the tedious inevitable march towards adulthood and disappointment. But for today, his job is done.