My mom forced me to adopt a pet. I know that doesn't sound that bad, especially since most kids my age want a dog, or a cat or whatever. But I never cared for it, and now, my mother is forcing me to adopt a pet to have someone to "bond" with.

I decided to choose a small kitten, assuming it would be the easiest to pick up after. I named her Zelda, after the Legend of Zelda. I didn't care much about her to be honest, I kept her fed, and only kicked her off my bed two.. maybe three times.  

One night though, it was exceptionally strange. See, I woke up to see claw marks in my bare chest, and the little furball sitting on top of me. I figured she was just trying to get attention, at four in the morning...

Logically, I threw her across the room and draped the covers over myself. She came barreling back, leaping onto the bed a scratching at my face. Thrashing out, I grabbed her with an angry hand, holding her by the body in the air. I had gotten fed up with this cat, but waking me up with blood dripping out of scratch marks in my chest was the last straw.

"Sorry your highness" The cat somehow croaked out, causing me to drop her in shock. "I had to wake you up somehow. There's no time to explain, follow me!" It left off my bed and scrambled out the door. I don't know if it was curiosity or stupidity that made me do it, but I stumbled out of my bedroom door.

I was barefoot and shirtless, with blood dripping from my chest. Zelda's claws cut deeper then I presume was intended. She led me down the stairs and across the living room. I was lucky that I was home alone that night, or I would've been grounded for life from all of the noise I was making.

I bumped into the wall several times, my half-asleep form struggling to keep up with the black cat in the complete darkness. I turned on the porch lights, and Zelda was sat in front of the door, waiting for me to slip my shoes on.

"Where the hell are we going?" I grumbled sleepily. I was so tired that I was just mindlessly going along with it, throwing my jacket over my bare torso and slipping on my sneakers.

"Away from here, sir" the cat meowed. It seemed to have been waiting for me to open the door. I reached over to turn the doorknob, until something pressed itself against the glass and I stumbled back.

"LET..US...IIIIINNNN" Cried the monstrosity on the other side of the door. It was like a zombie, if a zombie's body was held together by vines and cement. It's legs looked like they had been cut off and glued back with concrete, while the arms were simply attached back to the body with vines. Somehow, the creature was still able to move it's limbs normally as it pounded against the glass.

"This way, your majesty!" Cried my cat, as I scrambled to follow it towards the back door. I threw the door open as I heard glass break, more then likely coming from the front door. Which meant that.. THING, was in the house.

Never the less, me and Zelda bolted across the backyard. As another creature wandered around the side of the house, I unlocked the shed door and slipped inside. My cat practically jumping on my feet to join me.

"What.. ARE those things?" I whisper-yell at my cat, who just shushes me. I hear pounding on the shed door, followed by grumbling, muttering, and then silence.

Stealthily, I grab an old wooden bat from the back of the shed. Unfortunately for me, that bat was holding up several slabs of wood, that fell with a bang as I removed the bat acting as a support.

I hear my cat swear as the banging resumes, louder and harder. I know that it is only a matter of time before they break the door, or simply bust the rusted lock. I swear and curse as I look at the only other exit, the small window at the back of my shed.

The window didn't open, so I busted it with my newly equiped bat. In one heroic moment, I picked up Zelda and tossed her out the window. Painfully sliding myself against the broken glass and rusted metal to get out through the small passage.

I nearly land on my head, but manage to catch myself in an awkward handstand, and tumble forward. Landing on Zelda with a painful yelp. She scatters out from under me as the creature that was banging on the shed loops around, and I scatter to my feet, clutching my bat unsurely. 

I swing at the thing's head, making my arm vibrate as I hit something as hard as stone. Some of the bloodied flesh from the creature's face just.. falls off.

I wack and wack again, until the creature's face is nothing but a stone mold of a head, and my arm is numb and unfeeling. The creature then takes the chance to swing at ME. I painfully duck, opening a wound in my side where a piece of broken glass punctured from my "daring" escape through the shed's window.

I scramble to follow Zelda as she bolts into the woods sorrounding my house, the creature close on our tails. I know the woods better then I know the back of my hand,  so I have no trouble identifying where the roots that stick out of the ground are, even in the dark.

Zelda however, is not having the same luck. It was the first time she had been in the woods, to my knowledge, and her small frame was tripping and slipping over every rock and root that she came into contact with.

I scooped her up and bolted, ditching my bat as I toss it towards the creature close behind me. I see the bat knock the creature's arm out of the socket, falling from the body almost entirely. Secured only by the vines, that somehow pull the arm back and reattach it to the body..

'That's it!' I think to myself, as I make a sudden turn. Nearly slipping as I see the creature smash headfirst into the tree. It's stone head crumbling dust and debris as it shakes off and resumes tailing us.

Two more creatures appear out of knowhere, joining the first monster's side. I recognize one of them as the bloodied face that appeared at my front door.

"Explain, now kitty" I cough out, my sides burning due to the cuts from the glass. My chest burned from the claw marks as I forced my body to keep running, fueled by a lack of sleep and fear.

"Monsters, they're monsters!" Zelda screeched, as if that alone would explain everything. "I'm your guardian, I'm here to protect yo- WAAAAH!" Zelda flies out of my arms as I'm tackled to the ground my one of the creatures.

The creature that chased me from the shed pins me down, my hands helplessly held to the ground as the other two creatures race to catch up from behind. I take this as my advantage and wait, as the creature on top of me rolls it's arm back for a punch.

As the two other creatures get near, I stretch out my leg, tripping one of the creatures as it attempts to slow down near us. It knocks down the creature on top of me and I shake them both off, dazed. 

The third creature goes for right hook, until it's attacked by Zelda! Who flies onto the creature's chest with so much force that it knocks the things backwards into a tree.

I scoop her up and continue running. Zelda asks me where I'm going, and I stay silent, saving my breath for running. Eventually, we appear at a mall. Most of the shops are closed, and I find no security as I run down a hallway filled with closed stores.

"Hey! Stop right there!" I hear a security guard say from behind me. But he's too far to hear me. I listen as one of the creatures tears the poor man apart, advancing after me.

At the end of the hallway, I kick the lock of a door until it busts. I skip through and run into a hardware store attached to the mall. I run down the lanes, searching for a weapon, anything. 

The door I came through busts open, it's as if the creatures can track me. I hide behind several stacks of wood, crouching down with Zelda in my arms. 

"I...Smeelll... YOUR BLOOD" One of the creatures roar as it pulls away the wood, revealing my hiding spot. I scream in terror as I roll out of the way, almost getting a fist to the jaw.

I run down another lane, this time being cornered with two of the golems on one side, and one on the other. I look around. The shelves tower above me, holding bikes and lawn equipment. No doubt, they'd be able to hold me.

I throw Zelda up to one of the highest shelves, way out of the reach of the golems. Jumping, I scale the shelves as well, making it to the top along with Zelda.

The large shelf begins to shake as the three golems begin to climb it. It's then that I have an idea. I push the heavy equipment, law mowers, bikes, even ATVs, to the side, and begin jumping.

Between the combined weight of my jumps, the equipment, and the golems scaling the shelves. It falls. I grab Zelda and jump to the shelf across, narrowly missing the golems as they try to grab me. I jump to the next stack of shelves as the first one comes crashing down, creating a domino effect throughout the store.

As I come to the far wall, the golems long since buried in rubble, I jump to the last shelf, it being unaffected by the falling shelves, being attached to the wall itself.

I scale down the shelves as red and blue lights flash from the front of the hardware store. I look to Zelda, who finally jumps out of my arms and comes into contact with the floor.

I realize now that I'm bleeding from my chest, waist and even my leg, from scraping against a piece of sharp metal that protruded from one of the shelves as I scaled it. I look down to my cat companion. "What do we do now, Zelda?"

She looks up at me, then to the cops circling the building, then back to me. "This seems like a you problem" she says, as she slinks away, disappearing into the shadows as the cops enter the building, and I put my hands in the air.

I should've gotten a dog. 