I'm going to die. Wait no, sorry.

I'm going to die, *horribly*.

Raucous cheering filled the darkness as the wall in front of me shifted with a loud crunch. The floor beneath trembled as the gap widened, light filtering onto my feet. My heart raced. I couldn't breath. "This is not the time to have a panic attack!" I hissed, slapping myself in the face. The sting was comforting, but I was still terrified. I'd always wondered what people meant when they said their legs were like jelly, but now I knew exactly. It was as if someone had liquidised every structural component in my body from the waist down. I lent my shoulder on the wall for support, my fingers clenching the weapon in my hands. The light was up to my chest now. My knuckles were pulled tight, the white of bone translucent through my skin.

"Twenty seconds until we release our brave fighters!" The crowd cheered wildly again. The lump in my throat became persistent. I swallowed until my mouth was arid.

"Ten seconds!" The light shone onto my chin. My fingers burned where I'd been clutching the musket. Resigned, I hoisted the butt to my shoulder, cracking my neck.

"Five!" My palms began to sweat.

"Four!" I could see into the arena now, but an invisible force kept me from stepping forward.

"Three!" It was your typical coliseum. A large pit of sand, surrounded by rows and rows of fat wealthy cats, cheering on whoever they'd put their money on.

"Two!" Disgusted, I pulled up the barrel, cocking the gun.

"One!" Adrenaline shot through me like lightning. I was scared. I felt sick. I was fuming.

"Let the battle commence!" Lightning broke the sky as my enemies poured into the arena. They were all... *huge.* My stomach dropped. Somewhere across the arena, a man who looked half-human, half-titan, summoned a colossal ball of fire, sending it careening towards another. I heard his screams as he burnt alive. Distracted, I felt something heavy swing by my ear. I jumped backwards from it, aiming my gun at my assailant. Pain tore through my head and I gasped, biting down on my tongue to keep my concentration."Another addition to my collection." The barbarian had a wicked smile as she bent down to retrieve- wait, was that... I almost threw up on the spot. Smugness exuded from her as she hooked my ear onto the chain around her neck, surrounded by a couple of dozen others. "You know, you should have really been paying more attention if you wanted any hope of winning." Her laugh was abrasive. I gritted my teeth, taking aim. Finger on the trigger, I twitched.

&#x200B;

*pew*

&#x200B;

My mouth dropped open in exasperation. Instead of a bullet, a tiny white flag popped out the barrel of the musket. The barbarian raised an eyebrow, focus flicking between me and the fabric, flapping in the wind. She snorted. Then roared. Within a matter of seconds it became a full belly laugh, the warrior collapsed onto the floor. I couldn't move. Out of shock, pain or confusion, I wasn't sure, but my body wasn't obeying me. I could merely watch as she cackled away to herself. "I... I can't-" She spluttered between giggles, face turning blue. But it didn't sound right. The barbarians hands scrabbled at her neck, her attempts at sucking in air dashed by the constant laughter. "Help." She went limp, her last guffaw rattling. Blood oozed from a large gash in her side, staining the animal fur she'd worn around her waist. I blinked, shaking my head. And again. The flag had retracted back into the gun. I wondered if I'd just imagined this whole scenario as she'd meticulously dismembered my body. Commotion dragged my attention back to the rest of the arena.

"Amazing! Zelkah's conjuring another spirit beast; place your bets on what this one will be guys! My money's on a Void Goat!" The announcer boomed over the speakers. The giant human from earlier was now surrounded by an entourage of disembodied creatures, varying from weasels to rhinos. The lump in my throat came back. I tried to swallow but my mouth was still barren. The barrel of the musket glinted in the light of the four suns as I aimed it at him.

&#x200B;

\* \* \*

"*Literally* splitting people's sides with laughter? *Really?"* My god grinned at me, displayed rows of perfect teeth.

"You had no faith in me kiddo." He jabbed a finger into my chest, eyes soft like honey. "But I had faith in you. Shame about the ear." A plain silver pendant, materialised in front me me, bobbing softly in midair. "Congratulations." My fingers wound around the item, beaming at the deity.

"Thanks, Loki."