Richard looked at Julia. Then around the room. And back at Julia again.

Not only were they most likely the first couple to match on Tinder in Antarctica, they may have been the first couple to accidentally stumble upon extraterrestrial life on the Earth's coldest continent as well.

"Uhh," Richard stammered. "Uh, yea. Yea, it's 2014 and the Ice Age has been over for about 10,000 years."

One of the humanoid creatures, presumably the ringleader, looked curiously at Richard. 

"10,000 years. Really? Is that how old you are?" the machine translated.

"I'm 32," Richard replied. 

"I see," the humanoid said. "And how old are you?" the machine asked, as the ringleader beckoned towards Julia.

"I - I'm 29." She looked at Richard with a look of terror in her eyes and quietly mouthed, "Richard, where \*are\* we?"

But before he could respond the machine interrupted. "How did you find us?"

Richard turned and looked at the group of humanoids, who looked more curious than menacing. "Well, actually, your hatch was exposed."

"Exposed?" The technology piece translated their question. "But how? That's impossible. We were buried under ice and snow - at least 10 feet thick."

"Well, a lot has changed in the past 10,000 years," Richard replied. "In fact, the ice caps have been melting at an alarming rate. I believe your hatch was exposed because the rising temperatures of the planet have exposed your location.

"Wait, what?" Julia chimed in. "I would hardly say 'alarming'. If anything, the Earth's temperatures have been rising slightly over the past 20 to 30 years, but nothing to be alarmed about." 

"Julia, are you being serious right now? There is surmounting evidence that humans have been the main contributor to the heating up of the planet."

"Oh, really? Then why, in the 1970's, was there a worldwide panic about global cooling? You're telling me that in 50 years we went from cooling the planet to cooking it?" 

"Oh my God. Are you seriously a climate change denier?" Richard clamored.

"Denier? Hardly. I'm literally down here on a science expedition. And unlike you, I don't believe that the 'science is settled' and that humans have far bigger problems to be worrying about than the temperature of the planet."

"Oh really? Like what? Because I'm pretty sure if the earth gets any warmer, we're not going to have a planet to live on."

"Richard, that's ridiculous. The planet has been much warmer in the past than it is today, and people survived just fine. I am just not going to believe that a man who made a faulty hockey stick chart, lives in a mansion and burns more electricity than the average American ever will, and who has been profiteering off of questionable scientific methods should be trusted. And science is never settled. That's not how science works. Besides - "

"ENOUGH!" the machine shouted. "Do you 2 always fight like this?"

"We've known each other for 11 hours," Richard muttered, glaring at Julia.

"We're not here to solve your relational conflicts. We have far more pressing issues if the hatch has been exposed."

"Right, like the planet melting," said Richard.

"No," the machine said. "No, something much worse than that. You humans aren't very bright, are you? Haven't you been studying the stars or the sun? Has any of the ancient knowledge been passed down to you? You're worried about the weather?"

"Well, to be fair," started Julia, "The record keeping over the past 10,000 years has been spotty at best. Lots of rising and falling of empires, entire civilizations destroyed, natural disasters, plagues... we're discovering buried cities all of the time."

"Let us tell you about the impending fate of this planet," the machine said. "But first, something to drink."

Two of the humanoids got up to presumably fetch beverages. Richard and Julia looked around nervously, and the ringleader beckoned them to take a seat in the circle. They hesitantly took off their jackets and joined the humanoids on one of the plush gold love seats. 

They sat in an awkward silence for what seemed like an eternity. Finally, the humanoids returned with what looked like 2 mugs of tea. Richard smiled at Julia nervously. He lifted up his drink toward here. "Cheers?" He questioned. She lifted her mug in return. "Cheers," she smiled. Whatever the drink was, it smelled and tasted delicious.

"We're going to show you a video of our history, how we got into this hatch, and the danger that we're in." 

A screen began to lower out of the ceiling and a video of the humanoid civilization began to play.  Julia's eyes started to get heavy. Richard felt himself nodding off. 

\---

Julia awoke to the muffled sound of Richard's screams coming from the room next door. She tried to get up, but realized that she was strapped down to a cold, metal table.

"Goddamit," Julia thought to herself. "I knew I should've swiped left."