“Oh god, no! Not today, any other fucking day!”

I ran to my fridge and violently swung the door open. 
I shook the 3 empty bottles of insulin in my butter draw, praying to see a bit of liquid slosh back and forth. 

“Shit, shit, shit!” 

My wife strolled into the kitchen yawning, unfazed by my hysteria. I was the dramatic type so she was used to seeing me freak out over the smallest things. 

“What is it this time?” she asked. 

“Look at your phone. Look at your goddamn phone! Didn’t you get the notification?”

She picked her phone off the counter and her sleepy eyes blinked trying to make sense of the alert. 

“Oh shit, The Purge Day lotto hit. We get off work. Let’s just stay inside and watch Netflix all day!”

She lived such a carefree life. I wish I could live a day in her shoes. 

“I can’t stay inside!” I yelled at her. 

“Sorry, I didn’t mean that. I’m just on edge. I have no insulin left and have to pick up my prescription from the CVS on 3rd Ave.” 

I had been a Type 1 Diabetic my whole life. I knew I could go a few hours without insulin, but no way I could make it a whole day. Going 24 hours without it and best case scenario, I’d be in a coma. 

All my wife could do was make a face that let me know she had no idea how to get me out of this predicament. 

The standard protocol for most people on Purge Day was to hunker down and not leave your property for any reason. The streets were empty and all you could hear outside were the sirens. The damn police sirens. 

I knew I had to compose myself and get the goddamn vial. The CVS was only 2 miles away. Normally I’d drive and be there in 2 minutes. But not today. Traffic violations were the easiest way to get nabbed. A taillight going out could be the end of you. So today I decided I would walk. All I had to do was avoid jaywalking and littering. 

“I can do it, I’ll be fine.” 

I calmed myself as I put my jacket on. I checked the pockets to make sure there were no stray strands of paper that could slip out and get me booked for littering. 

My wife was trying to settle me down before going out. She knew how my anxiety could cripple me when at its worst. 

“Just be extra safe at the the intersections. I had to go out once on Purge Day. It wasn’t that bad. You’ll be fine, honey” 

As I opened the door, she yelled my name and tossed me my earbuds. 

“Here, bring these so you don’t hear any of the sirens.” 

I put the headphones in my pocket and wandered out. It was go-time. 

On my block alone, there were 2 police cars slowly driving down the street. I didn’t look at them or make eye contact with either of the officers. I slowly walked down my sidewalk and made it to the first intersection. I stood about 10 ft. away from the curb to ensure I wouldn’t accidentally step into it before the walk signal popped up. The light blinked green, I waited an extra second and then crossed the street.

“Woo, step 1 down,” I thought to myself. 

The next step was a mile and a half walk down a busy road. I spotted a dozen police and just six civilian cars on the often traffic-ridden road. 

I finally got to the front doors of the CVS. I double checked to make sure the store was open before walking in. There wasn’t a soul in the store. No employees, nothing. Special drop-boxes had been left on the pharmacy counter with names for people who had to pick up prescriptions. I activated mine using my id, swiped my credit card to pay and left. For the first time all day I smiled. All I had to do was get back the way I came and I was good to snuggle next to my wife and catch up on season 13 of Black Mirror. 

As I walked out of the CVS, I could feel commotion in air. The police probably came across a drug user or a homeless person. I didn’t want to think about it or listen to the terrifying sirens so I took the earbuds out of my pocket and synced them to my phone. I opened my music app and scrolled through a few playlists. 

90s rock...nope
Lil’ Wayne Greatest Hits...nah
College Summer jams...bingo

Party in the USA began to play. 

The music was supposed to calm me but a wave of panic swept over me. I instantly began to sweat and shake. The song brought back memories of college. Memories of me downloading music for parties...via torrents. 


NOTE: My first post here. Would love any criticism. Hope to do more in the future. 



 