Most of the habitable planets in the eastern spiral arm of the milky way were small, and many would spin in a corkscrew like orbit. This meant that some days the sun rose in the magnetic north, other days the west. Many others were orbitally locked so that one side of the planet always faced away from the sun and was frozen over year round, while the other (depending on distance from the sun) could be anything from a barren desert to a tropical forest, as long as there was enough wobble from nearby moons to cause tidal winds. 

These planets, known as monohabitats, allowed for focused evolution. The worst a species evolving on a monohabitat would have to deal with was the occasional volcanic activity or meteor impact. So as many of these species evolved intelligence and eventually interstellar travel, they found themselves in peaceful relationships with their newly discovered neighbors, as many would be incompatible with their home planets. This lead to a massive interstellar trading network along with many other mutually beneficial developments for the species involved.

One day a strange signal came across from the other side of the milky way. It was too distorted by the distortion from the black hole at the center of the milky way to be decoded, so a fleet of warp capable ships were assembled to go investigate what many were hopeful would be a new addition to the alliance. Even with warp it would take them many years to span the distance, but if the first contact went well they could build a wormhole gateway to improve trade, as they had done many times before.

Upon finding the source of the signal, they were immediately terrified. A strange little planet spun like a top around an unremarkable star which scans showed to only have about two billion years of fission left before it would supernova. This meant the native eartheans would need to find a new habitable world before very long at all, and it looked like they could survive anywhere. Their odd little planet showed signs of their civilizations popping up in dense ice caps, arid deserts, watery forests, even under the surface of the water and in the space immediately surrounding their planet. Evolution had run amok on this planet and bred a species which, if they chose to seek war, cold wage it anywhere.

Much debate was raised over whether or not to make contact. Without contact and help advancing their technology, they would probably not have time to advance enough to escape their own sun, but helping them wouldn't guarantee their cooperation and the thought of how quickly this species could propagate throughout the galaxy was virus-like. In the end, the fleet turned around and headed home, resolved to report that the source of the signal had gone extinct long ago. 