With the Simiid delegate wavering into view, the Council could adjourn this long fated meeting.  Normal matters of diplomacy, crime reports, agricultural levels and other mundane topics had no place in this discussion.  Ghestu hesitated, and this was no time for hesitancy, but she couldn’t help herself himself.  The old beings were to be wakened, the first beings; yet, she wished it didn’t have to be this way.  Not for the last time had she wished this; why did she think it wouldn’t be the last either.  77 years ago, the First had been put to slumber.  MWH40’s visage wavered ominously, as she cast a glance over at the android.  The First were as gods to the androids, though most in this council knew better.  How could such intelligent beings…no, things, how could these things revere them in such a manner?  Because they created the androids?  Bahhh, foolish sentiment was all that was, and strange to see unfeeling, logical beings.  After all, it was The First who had so harmed the planet.  Some might even replace the word harmed with ravaged, and while that might have been a slight exaggeration, it wasn’t far from the truth, as far as the Council leader was concerned.  No more stalling, it was time to get on with this.  

“Honored Council members, now that we are all present, let us discuss this matter one last time.”

MWH40’s monotone, artificial voice chimed in at that, at a simple opening statement.  “There is nothing to discuss, The First are to be awakened this day.  Long have we waited for this day, for our masters to come back online.  It is this day and no other, it can be no other day:  therefore, there is nothing left to discuss.”

“Mr. 40 is right, unfortunately, “ this from the Simiid delegate Ora’ish’tu, orange brown-furred arms folding across his simian chest, “however, you are wrong on one point my dear mechanical man.  The manner in which we bring them into the Council.  What is there place now?  Now that the Earth has returned to a state of normalcy, can we really be allowed to let The First run unchecked?  To undo the work that we four powers had labored so intensely for?”

MWH40 looked over to the image of ‘tu, “They are The First, they must be a part of this planet’s future once again.  They create…,” but it seemed like Lasavius, the Raviid delegate would have none of this.

“The First does not make them the best, MWH40.  It only made them the first to stumble, the first to err, the first to let their arrogance and hunger for power cripple our world:  almost destroying it, if I’m to be frank.  Besides, the world is just not how it was for them when they were put into their slumber.  When the select among their kind wake up to find that not only has technology vastly improved, but that the ancient power has awoken again.”

“And how long before the ancient power, “ Ora’ish’tu added, “leaves again, with the misuse, at best, and abuse—at worst and most likely—that they will surely show towards it?”

Ghestu’s tentacles wavered purposefully, trying to get the Council in order.  “MWH40, I fear for the preservation of the ancient power, once the awakening of the First happens.  How can we keep this power in check, and…,” the android’s cold, unfeeling voice cut through the Octiid’s question. 

“Your questions are useless, if you really com…contemplate them for just a moment.  While we feel they should be fully in charge, it has been decided that they will be as equals to the four powers of Earth.  There will simply be a new power, and they will fall into line.  They will have a place at the table, to use a colloquial, humanoid term.  Just as within your three societies, there will be laws in place for those who break them.  There will be fines levied, at first.  Then there will be imprisonment, should lawbreakers further push our system of law.  Should they further rebel against our rules, then there will be systematic executions, as we have had in place for these long years without them.  What is left to argue?  Enter your keys, put in the codes, and begin the Awakening.”

As the Council leader, Ghestu knew that MWH40 was right, hesitant as she was to admit it.  What would the world be like, even tomorrow, now that the humans would come back into it.  Sleep, it was funny to call it that, but in a sense that’s what it really was, to be placed in suspended animation.  What a strange dream world it would seem to them, to find things so changed.  Each and every man, women, and child would have memories of their past and up to the day they had been placed within their suspension.  So then, to skip these nearly eight decades, and wake today into this world?  Ghestu, as she waved one of her tentacles to motion for the others to insert the keys, hoped against hope that some of them would reject this reality to think it a nightmare, and begin to wreak havoc on this world once more.  
