(Year 2504)

"We all have our summoned weapons for the attack, where's yours boy? and why the hell does your face look like that" demanded the Necromancer squad leader.

"Um, Yea, so what had happened was..I had prepared weeks for the ritual. Found all the herbs and various bodily fluids needed for the summons; by the way, ew dude.  As well as researching the right encantation to summon him. I thought i found the one who could change all of our fates in this damned UnderCity.......Keanu Reeves....."

"You didn't! No way, that could collapse the space and time itself" the comander exclaimed

"He's not some monster like the history books say! its all a bunch of lies written by the victors to make themselves look better. Not many have heard the old legends but they tell of a man who transcended into truth and became one with a universe all while basically being invincible. Its said that it was even recorded and that many people knew of his deeds. I thought i would use him to bring the corporate overlords to ruins so that we may begin anew. I dont know if the legend it true or not but im so glad i botched it because of thats out there now sir.

I dont know what i did wrong...or right.. i dunno. But i'll start from when it did. I got to the phrase "et exugret" in the spell and BAM, i was knocked on my ass by a bush and then birds started attacking my face. Then i notice some dude waving a paint brush like a wand strolling out of my circle, pins me down as says to me  'Looks like you have some sadness in your life, LOOK! its a bird now.'
I shit you not sir, he painted the little bird on my forehead and i swear that i feel no sadness anymore. About anything really.
Thats not even the crazy part sir: he waved his brush once at that wall and--"

"You mean this one of the beautiful mountain sunset painted on it?"

"yes sir, that one. well, he kinda walked directly into it and said 'It was a pleasure to meet you fella, my name is Bob Ross now im gonna go clean out all of this corporate greed for ya.'

Honestly sir his voice was was almost creepy, like a soft spring breeze whispering a coup. But i cant say im unhappy about my summons. I mean c'mon, dude literally whooped my ass with a bush and disappeared into the sunset...in a wall"