Blood as dried along the side of his face, matting the hair of his signature beard. It clung together like straw. Fresh blood had flooded out of his nose and fell onto his shirt. With each breath, his head would rock forward, then sideways, and he rambled. "It's... it's her. Her. HER". I stepped forward cautiously. We knew the supreme leader was not above torture, not above murder. Jack knew it and there he was, tied to the chair.

"He's... not...", he gasped. My eyes shuffled around the room. I had been so fixated on Jack that I had failed to notice the figure with his arms behind his back, facing the roaring open fire that cast dancing shadows around him. He hadn't turned around once. I looked at Jack, whose gaze had now levelled on me. He was shaking his head, tears wetting the blood encrusted on the side of his cheek. "It's... not... him...". He closed his eyes and exhaled. It took a moment for him to slip out of consciousness, but his head fell forward, his shoulders limp and he would have rocked off of the chair entirely, had his wrists not been awkwardly bound to its wooden frame. The figure at the end of the room turned around.

"He is quite correct", he whispered. His voice was high, higher than one would expect from such broad shoulders. He had thick, heavily greased black hair. It fell slick backwards and touched against his shoulders, glued in place. His uniform, the standard gray of the Legion, was pristine, all for the exception of the smattering of red around his white shirt cuffs. His black leather gloves shined against the roseate fire, revealing the blood that had dried against them. "You haven't worked it out yet, have you?", he grinned. He asked again when I did not reply. "What do you want?", I croaked. Fear had robbed my usual booming voice of its natural volume. "My my... quite the slow learner", he hissed, turning back toward the fire. "Secure her".

I didn't feel the club on the back of my head. Nor the calloused hands wrapping around my wrists, wrenching my arms up against my back. When I was flung, bound, gagged and slapped into alertness, at the hands of the brute who had collected me from the street outside of my flat. In my brief moments of solitude, bound up in my own subconscious, I had dreamt of a box that could not be opened. Of a key that could not be found. Of Jack's voice, echoing. "It's not him".

When the slap struck against my cheek, I let out a whimper, I did not have the breath for a scream. My eyes wrenched open and the sharp unnatural light glowed overhead. The figure was closer now and I could see more of him. His eyes were green, a pleasing sort of green and his mouth was soft. He did not have the harshness of a Legion official, or the impish features of the Spy core. I opened my mouth but he spoke first.

"It's... not... him", he muttered. I was once again reminded of how soft his voice was. "It's... her". He asked me what I thought it meant. I didn't reply and another slap came sailing in from behind me. I was aware of it, I knew the moment his eyes lifted to the shadow just out of view, it was coming, but the ringing in my ear and the sudden fire that had broken out beneath my skin was in no way alleviated by my preparation. I took a breath and reminded myself, I was going to die. I knew I was going to die when I stepped out of my flat and saw the van, when I saw Jack tied to the chair. That fact dulled the ringing in my ear, quelled the flames under my flesh and filled me with something more powerful than hope - I was angry. I clenched my teeth and through enamel walls, I hissed out my last words.

"You're not the great leader, you're a lacky".
"Quite astute. But why did your friend care so much to tell you? Is it not your survival that should consume your concern?"

I smiled. Not a warm smile, the smile I gave to my neighbour every morning while she watered the few flowers left on her balcony. Not the smile I gave my mother when, in her moments of strength, would lift me up and hug me close, leaving a patch of tears against my shoulder, in my hair. Not even the smile I gave to my boyfriend when he told me he wanted to marry me and I knew I had to turn him down. This was a new smile, born out of the rage that had driven me every day for years now. When my mother was taken, when my boyfriend was shot for disseminating materials of subversive nature, when my neighbour was executed for using her water rations for the flowers. This smile was sinister, chilling and I saw the green of his eyes turn, darken. I shifted my wrist and, in that moment, before I pushed my thumb to my palm and detonated the bomb implanted in my chest four weeks ago, I knew that he knew. That I no longer cared about killing the leader, I only wanted to see the green of his eyes before they were burned out of his skull. This is for you, Jack.