So, I rarely am on reddit.  I use a throwaway pseud that I don't use anywhere else. Yet today I was browsing through /r/random/ and there, for all to see, is /r/badcorvidisboring/.  

I'm like "WTF?", so of course I click on it.

Holy shit, batman!  Yes, I know I'm boring, but you don't have to stalk me with grainy drone/telephoto/spycam pictures to prove it. I mean seriously, pictures of me sleeping with my light on with my cat laying on top of me - which got more upvotes than other recent shots probably due to the cat!

What I can't figure out is who and how they got shots of me reading Twitter in the can at three am.  The reactions were... interesting.  Who knew that people were that obsessed with dull people.  I must admit that my expressions when reading some of that stuff were... um... interesting (if you like seeing people frown or scowl with rage, that is.)

At least the most popular posts were the ones where I was with my cats. I think they are actually the stars of that subreddit.  Still, pretty creepy if you ask me.  

I know that my roomies aren't on reddit... or are they?  Shit, now I have to set up a sniffer on the main house router, and hope they aren't using independent mobile hotspots.

Anyone got an EMP bug zapper for sale?

Hmmm, hit refresh...

Oh, hell, they've noticed that I am walking around flipping off the world, and that my cats are looking at me like I'm more nuts than usual.  Time to hug the cat and look cute for upvotes.

Creepy as hell, it like there's always something taking pictures if I'm in my room or my office and the light is on.... hmmm. Time to look at all the pics and triangulate on camera angles to find the damned things.

OK, my mind is going 90 miles a minute. As I look through a few years worth of pictures, a slowly increasing number of angles apparently, I get this cold chill feeling of being watch, stalked, and on display, like I was in a fishbowl.  I'm mentally tallying possible camera locations, and wondering why this thing is so popular that it has 2000+ viewer online with even more subscribed.  It's got to be the cats.  Maybe I'm just an incidental, and the viewers really just want a cat cam.  

Hit refresh...

Oh, great. I think they've figured out that I've figured out that they are stalking me...  (Whew!  Convoluted thought process, messy reality.)

Some clown is asking me to strip.  Downvote that ass.  

WTF? Whoever is doing this has now started a livestream, focused on my face.  The upvotes are now climbing through the roof, even though I'm not good looking.  This is bizarre.  Maybe it's the same kind of thing as the pet rock - so dippy it's kinda cute.

Geeze. I'm too far into WTF-land. Time to turn out the light, go get dinner, get sleep and deal with this shit in the morning.  Oh, BTW, if it's my roomie, his ass will be homeless very shortly. FML.

On second thought, I'll go to dinner and leave the light on so people can watch the sleeping/loafing cats.  

I have been afraid to read many of the comments.  I don't think my self esteem can take the hit.

Shit, I'm hungry and scared.  Food, then thinking.

I'll wave as I leave the room.  Keep 'em guessing.