My eyes snapped open and a worm of excitement wriggles in my belly, making my heart jump into my throat. I glanced over at my clock and noticed the glaring neon numbers on my abysmally old alarm. Four fifteen, the numbers read proudly as I closed my eyes and tried to fall back to sleep. My parents would have my head if I went storming down the steps at four in the morning. Well...maybe a peek wouldn't hurt. 

I threw the covers off my legs and hissed as the cold air brushed against my bare feet. Tiptoeing towards the door, it slowly creaked open as I pushed against the wood. I could see the glow of the Christmas lights from downstairs illuminating the top of the staircase as the gentle rustle of wrapping paper could be heard. I furrowed my brow. Were my parents up already? I slowly crept across the landing and down the stairs, keeping my footfalls to a minimum. Someone was hunched over the large pile of gifts at the base of the tree. Since his back was to the light, I couldn't make out a color of his clothing, but his frame was extremely slender and almost gaunt looking. The other thing that hit me was the smell. I blanched when the sweet stench of rotten meat and decay hit my nose. 

The man at the base of the tree seemed to be loading up presents in his bony arms and as my eyes adjusted to the lighting, I could see a crown askew on his head. It was obvious this man was not Santa.  

"H-hello?" I squeaked, my voice high and wavering. The man turned around and I nearly shit myself on the spot. The man's face was mottled with green and grey and his skin was practically falling off the bone. His lips had shrunk back up against his teeth and maggots wriggled in his flesh. His pale blue eyes stared back at me as I stifled a scream. His arms were laden with gifts that had my name on them. He also wore a bloodstained robe and had holes in the middle of his hands. 

"It's my birthday, not yours!" The zombie Jesus hissed as he scuttled towards the ajar front door and across the freshly fallen snow in the yard, never to be seen again. 