It's strange. I am standing upright, and yet right in front of me lay my lifeless corpse. No matter how much I look at it, I can't bring myself to believe that I am dead. My feet are planted on the ground. I can feel it there. Thoughts race through my mind, processing the situation.

As I survey the scene around me, I get a clearer picture of what is going on. A heavy rain pours from the cloud-covered sky. Someone, a woman, is kneeling over my body as she desperately phones for help. Her panicked figure is lit on and off by the flashing hazard lights of a car standing nearby.

I see now. She lost control of her car while driving in the rain and rammed into me. I don't want to believe it, but after seeing it with my own eyes I have no choice. I am dead.

"Indeed, you are." An unfamiliar voice calls out. I look up to see the source of it only to see a figure I had never imagined meeting. A black robed figure stands before me with a scythe in its bony hand. The hood partially conceals the figure's face, though the teeth and bottom jaw are clearly visible underneath it. A skull. No skin, no muscle, nothing. The image of death itself stood before me.

"Y-y-you're..." Fear quickly overtakes my mind as I stammer hopelessly in front of the Grim Reaper.

"Yes, I am a Grim Reaper. Here to collect your soul and guide you to your next destination." He comes closer as he extends his hand towards me.

"A-aren't you going to harvest my soul with your scythe?" Despite the overwhelming sense of dread within me as he approaches, I manage to ask the question.

"Oh, that?" He chuckles. "There is no need. At the moment of death, your soul is no longer tethered to your physical body." The Reaper holds his scythe in front of him as he explains. "Besides, that is not what the scythe is for." The fear in my mind is quickly changed into confusion.

"What? If your scythe isn't for harvesting, then what is it for?"

"Protecting." He bluntly answered as he suddenly put his finger to his mouth and shushed me. His eyeless sockets seem to be looking around for something. I quickly look around to try and see if there was anything worth looking at. The next image that met my gaze was a truly horrifying one.

An amorphous, black mass began to gather not too far from where we stood. Slowly, it took a more human-looking form. Two glowing red beads flashed on its once featureless face. A smile took shape underneath its eyes, like the gaping maw of a jack o'lantern. Then another one formed nearby. And another. And yet another. They lurch towards us as we stand there, the sound of their laughter interrupting the pitter-patter of the pouring rain.

My panicked breathing quickly turns into manic screaming as the creatures suddenly rush towards me, mouths open and ready to bite down on me. I tried to back away from them, tripping and falling on my ass instead. My hands and legs desperately flailed in a pathetic attempt to get away. In a silent instant, the hooded figure of Death jumped in front of me. I never saw him swing his scythe as several of those black creatures split apart and vanished.

"W-w-w-wh-what the hell are those things!?" My stammering gets worse and worse as fear and panic overwhelm me.

"Those things are referred to as Soul Ravagers. Shadows of human souls we were unable to save from the corruption." His answer did nothing to quell my panic as he pulled me to my feet.

"Wha-wait, what? Corruption? We? Who's we?" There are so many questions I want to ask, so many answers I want to know. "Just what the hell is going on here!?"

"You will get the answer to your questions once I take you to see my master." Yet more questions to ask.

"Master? Aren't you Death?" He takes me by the wrist as he pulls me along hurriedly.

"No, that is a common misconception." Confusion yet again filled my mind. "As I said before, I am *A* Grim Reaper. I am not *The* Grim Reaper. Though my Master is aware of every death that occurs in the world and when it happens, they cannot be everywhere at once to collect or protect them. That is why we Grim Reapers exist: To usher newly dead souls to the next world where the Master can recruit them or grant them peace everlasting."

"What?" That was the only word I could muster before we stood in front of an ornate black gateway decorated with silver and bone.

"Enough chatter. Let us meet with the Master at once so that you can ask your questions without disturbance." With a forceful tug, I am pulled into the gateway.