It was finally over. The long exodus through space, which lasted for centuries, was coming to an end. 

Mae´k stood in front of the crowd that assembled near him. They were the citizens of his ship, the people who boarded this civilian freighter in hope of surviving the horrible fate so many have been so unfortunate to bear. The ship was named Khuhha Ma, which meant something like Nuts Six in their language. The connection to the original purpose of the vessel was never discussed. The flotilla was cruising through interstellar space, slowly turning it´s course towards a system known to them as H´u 48+223. He only heard rumors, but from what he pasted together, it seemed that the scout ships flying a couple of astronomical units before the main group found some kind of a metal object. He didn´t know what it was, only that immediately after rumors started to spread, orders came from the admiralty to turn towards this system. Now almost everyone of the 549 Chra´k on this ship wanted answers, with the obvious choice for a source being him. He coudn´t say anything unofficial, so he decided to stick to the official narrative. 

"Please, I can´t tell you why we are heading for this system, but I will be informing you in time, when I have more information. This is a very stressful time for all of us, but understand that we are doing everything in our capabilities to save all of you and find us a new home, or at least a temporary one where we can finally replenish our supplies. We still have food for two years, there is still plenty of time to find another planet with nitrogen rich atmosphere, and maybe we will get lucky and find one which is capable of supporting life. But please, try to remain calm and diligent, your work is important to our survival and the admiralty will reward all of you when we finally find our new home. Thank you." 
As was lately getting usual, he wasn´t faced with great cheering or applause, but with angry shouts "You are always saying the same!" "We want to know the truth!" "We are sick of you!" "Booo!" and so on. This time, there even was a thrown shoe. 
"I will not stand for this! IF YOU CAN´T RESPECT YOUR COMMANDING OFFICERS THEN YOU SHALL BE SUBJECTED TO THE TRIBUNAL. IMMEDIATELY STOP YOUR BICKERING AND GET BACK TO WORK!" 
The threat of facing the tribunal discouraged the majority from continuing this charade, only 17 continued and were quickly overwhelmed by the Commissariat troops that have been assigned to the ship the last year. He took pity in them, nobody really knew what were they doing on the Tribunal ship, but there seemed to be none who came back. 

As he steeped through the bridge door, which closed with the usual screeching of the worn bearings. He sat in his captain chair and looked forward to the vast black field with trillions of small glittering dots scattered across the horizon. Some were shining red, some blue, there was the occasional white, but the one right in front of him shined a warm yellow color. It would be only a couple of days till he arrives there, but the scouts are faster and the admiralty said, that they will tell the whole story only after the scouts reach the system. He slowly sank into his chair, contemplating the many questions and fell asleep. 

"CAPTAIN! WAKE UP! INCOMING TRANSMISSION ON THE QUANTUMGRAPH!" Mae´k almost fell of his chair. It was the voice of the radio technician and he was shouting at him, even though he stood right next to him. 
"Technician Kiesa´t , why are you screaming at me WHEN I AM STANDING RIGHT NEXT TO YOU?!" 
"I´m sorry sir, there is a call for you from the admiralty through the quantumgraph, it sounded serious." 
"Roger that, put them through" 
"No, sir, they requested a private call." 
"Ugh, what do they want..." Mae´k stood up, cracked his neck, stretched and turned towards the elevator to his private quarters. Just before he left the bridge, he threw a quick glimpse towards this yellow star, it was still looking the same. 
"CAPTAIN SECOND CLASS MAE´K REPORTING FOR DUTY!" He shouted as he entered the quantumgraph room. 
"At ease captain, we need to talk." 
"Thank you, madam. What is the concern?" 
"The Tribunal received 24 people of your crew this evening. Would you care to explain why is your ship already the most rebellious one, even though you have one of the best life standards? " 
"I... uhm... the people are...uhm" 
"STOP this nonsense! I can only shield you for so long... If the situation doesn´t improve soon, you will face reprisals." 
"I understand" 
"Good. Now there is something else we need to discuss." 
"It´s the yellow right?" 
"Yes. You need to listen to me very closely now. We found a metal object which was on a trajectory from this system. It was primitive compared to our designs, but it was definitely a spaceship. Small, primitive, strictly scientific and not manned. But it did have a large dish, which could only be a radio signal transmitter." Mae´k stood in awe. So they existed. Sentient life is indeed possible on other planets, which means that there is still hope of finding a new home... 
"Captain, you need to pay close attention! Almost all our contact protocols have dealt with advanced super-empires capable of annihilating us. But this is something completely different. It seems like we discovered a primitive civilization, and peaceful nonetheless." 
"I´m sorry to interrupt, madam, but how can we be so sure?" 
"There was a time capsule on the object. You can read through the reports later, you are hereby activated to military service. You know what that means. Your orders are to first review all new unclassified data and then report for duty, this applies to the whole ship, Admiral Sundela´t out." Mae´k saluted and then rushed to the bridge. What should he tell them? Well, no use in pondering about, he is in the military now, so no games. 

"Attention all crew-members. We have been activated to military service and as per protocol, the ship is now a class 8 special transport vessel transporting the 24th Marine special recon battalion. All civilian personnel will be evacuated to the capital ships. All military personnel must read their dossiers and report for duty once ready. Captain Mae´k out!" The faces on the bridge turned pale. There was a moment of hesitation but then everyone flipped and started running around like a hive of ants. 

After 4 days, the Khuhha Ma, along with its 3 other sister-ships, which formed the 8th Marine special assault unit, was approaching the biggest planet in this system. The flotilla was divided into individual units. The hastily organised mobilization was a total mess, but the scouts and the crack units of the first wave were already fully operational. The scouts were already flying around the planet which was deemed to be the origin of these probes. It didn´t go without an incident though, it seemed like the original probe actually warned the aliens about the incoming onslaught and the scouts arrived to a space littered with thousands of probes and being watched by almost all of them. Some overzealous captains destroyed some of them and one even managed to find a space station of some kind with living aliens inhabiting it. They were welcoming the scout ship and obviously trying to communicate, but the idiot scout captain opened fire. The effect of surprise has been lost. Now the marines will land on a planet that knows that they are hostile, which is not great for life expectancy. 
The dossiers he lately received weren´t as positive as the first ones. It was true that the aliens didn´t yet master effective space travel, but they were very close. The scientists also managed to decode the communication means, with which the aliens communicated and found a rich and developed culture, species which showed clear traits of aggression and initiative. This operation won´t be easy. As the members of the 1st Marine Division, his battalion was considered to be one of the very best, almost half of his subordinates were veterans from the Old world wars. He had confidence in them. They used the latest armors and weapons and were skilled in modern combat. But how would they fare against an enemy that is totally different from anything they´ve known before? Mae´k gripped tightly the arms of his chair. The fight for survival has started.
