The dark clouds drifted slowly across the blue sky, my fixed eyes staring up up them. There's little more that I can do, my body broken lying broken among the corpses unable to move. I tried closing my eyes, but there's no solace to be gained. I can now hear faintly the thunderous rolling of galloping hooves. A single tear of sorrow trickles down my porcelain cheek. The Kingdom's Knights will be here soon to dispense justice, as they call it. The irony cuts deep, there hasn't been a king for centuries, and the lie of the "Kingdom" is reflected by these Knights being nothing more than murderers of the innocent. I tried to cut the cancerous corruption from the land I once loved, but it was no good.

I think back to when I first met .. **him**. Elden. The Archmage. My naivety had no chance against such a powerful charisma. Waiting among the other initiates of the order as he strode into the room, his presence alone caused me to hold my breath. As he trained us, any glance in my direction made my heart skip a beat. Confident, Handsome, Powerful. The other girls were all giddy over him, but I was so smitten I couldn't even bring myself to mention his name. I'm not sure if he noticed that, or something else inside me, but after a year of blushed cheeks and stolen glances I was suddenly in an audience with him, alone. I barely remember the meeting besides the thumping of my heart and the blood rushing through my ears. Somehow something about myself impressed him, as a month later I was being personally tutored. The first weeks were horrific, I could barely speak, but his calm demeanour and pleasant voice put me at ease, eventually. He said I had a spark inside me unlike any other, and that he would see that spark nurtured and grown into a great force for good. My knowledge and skill grew with Elden as my teacher, quickly surpassing any other student.

Our relationship grew rapidly, but always bound by propriety. He was the Archmage after all, and I was just a student. One accidental fateful evening changed all that however. A late night tutoring session on the history of the Kingdom left us exhausted, and he was kind enough to give me his bed while he slept in his chair. I awoke with a start around midnight surrounded by darkness and hearing unknown words in a dark strange language. It was the first sign that Elden's had a dark side, well hidden from public view. I rose and hesitantly approached him. The words were unknown to me, but their dark origins made my spine tingle. I reached out my arm to wake him against my strongest instincts telling me to flee. I touched his shoulder to wake him when I shouldn't have. A dark force exploded from Elden and flung me across the room, smashing my body against the wall. I could feel each bone shatter and my flesh tear apart from the force of the blow. The moment felt like an eternity before my mind succumbed to the shock and pain. I finally awoke, cradled in my mentor's arms. He was crying over me, and I could faintly hear him saying "Please no." over and over. My body was in searing agony as something unnatural knitted my bones back together and rearranged my chaotic flesh back into order. My nerves were on fire, and I could feel my heart barely beating. I suddenly remember to breathe and gasped in a lungful of air, along with several more. As I catch my breath Elden pulls me further into his embrace, whispering, "I though I lost you." into my ear. 

Our relationship blossomed from there. I forgave him his accident, but only after he let me into his secret. His mother was the fearsome Necromancer, the Lady Mortana. She taught him much of the forbidden magic, but he naturally turned towards the light. He did the best he could for the Kingdom from within, and his unique blend of light and dark magic gave him formidable talent in all areas of magic. He's the first Archmage of the Order, managing to master ALL of the schools of magic, a feat no other magic user had ever done. I realised that the dark magic of necromancy, long banned from the Kingdom was the reason. After much badgering he finally succumbed to teaching me, but by this time we were lovers rather then student and teacher. He cautioned me that this magic should only be used for good and never on humans. I fully promised, believing it myself, with nothing but good intentions in my heart. So I learnt necromancy, when I shouldn't have.

Now all magic users know that magic is about moving energy from one place to another, taking what already exists and using it more efficiently. But Necromancy could actually destroy energy as if it never existed. It could force magic to where it didn't belong and bind it to things in ways that shouldn't be. It was a perversion of everything natural in the world. And I loved it.

As strong as I was with life magic, the darkness of Necromancy called to me. At first Elden was pleased with my rapid progress, but then he got concerned. I wish I hadn't, but I went behind his back to find more knowledge. The great library of the castle had various forbidden tomes, which my close relationship to the Archmage afforded me access to. Elden got worried as I was practising spells he never taught me. In a fit of anger I accused him of holding me back and mentioned the tomes. He admitted he had read them all carefully as the knowledge in there wasn't for those that lacked the strength of heart to stick to the light. I was furious that he would dare suggest that my conscience was less than his. He acquiesced, but made me promise to follow his guidance with the tomes. I lied and promised I would. Our relationship became strained. Our love for each other was deep, but that made it worse. He wanted to protect me from myself, but I just wanted to be free to be me. Young, I would lie and make promises to get out of fights, and when the truth was revealed he would be hurt. Trust eroded, and soon we weren't talking. Then I found his Mother's Diary, hidden in his chambers. Her darkest secrets, the strongest spells she invented, and the true history of the Kingdom were condensed into a single book. I knew he would notice it gone immediately, but I had to know. I took the book and fled.

I read about the true nature of Necromancy, that it's the balance of the universe. Energy when drained out of the world gets recycled back into it through natural means. Mana springs and birth are the most common ways. Necromancy is both a way to speed up the process and also part of the natural cycle of life. Understanding death meant I could understand life. The darkest secret was not how to destroy magic, but how to reach into the well of the universe and create it. An elementalist is limited in ferocity by what fire magic he can pull from around him, but if he could pull straight from the source of magic there would be no limit to his strength.

I thought I had surpassed both Elden and Mortana in ability, being able to produce tremendous feats of magic unsurpassed by any other. I vowed to uphold the greater good and excise the corruption from the kingdom. I could raise an army or raze a city equally with my skill.

&#x200B;