"If everyone is ready, then, let us proceed," Master Noriko's soothingly stern voice rang in the room. I could hear the anticapatory shifting of the other masters and my husband's clothes rustle quietly beside me. I gave an affirmative nod. Six months of mental preparation and physical alignment led to this moment. 

When the MDs at Stanford explained to my husband that they had few solutions beyond incredibly experimental surgeries which had little guarantee to even slightly repair the chemical damage my eyes sustained, we had all but given up hope. Only a few weeks after that we recieved a letter from a man claiming an organization he represented had been looking for individuals with seemingly unconquerable conditions to attempt a noninvasive procedure which they believed would fully restore vision to a state even before the eyes finished maturing, providing us full living accomodation during the process - without any interest in recieving payment. The letter explained a colleague tipped them off to my status. "Horseshit," my husband had grumbled as he finished reading me the letter, full of scepticism. He stood from our dining table and paced across the room. I heard a glass tap on the countertop and his habitual hiss after sipping a bourbon. "Even if this wasn't some new age woo woo crap, no expectation to be compensated? What a load." I could hear the tension in his sigh, he felt a glimmer of hope for me but refused to accept it because of what western medicine told us. A few moments passed before I asked him what we had to lose from at least meeting with the man. The hardwood creaked under him shifting his weight. "Okay, you're right. We can at least hear out this.. Amadeus." 

Less than four days later in early April we met with Amadeus Deke at a public park. As my husband guided me along the path to the man sitting comfortably alone on a bench, a cane laid on his lap, he described some of his features to satisfy my curiosity. He was a slender but fit man in a brown and gray tweed suit, silvery hair neatly combed back and a clean, chevron mustache decorated his lip. The middle aged man recognized us approaching and stood to greet us. "Mrs. and Mr. Gallant, pleased to finally meet you," He spoke with the lilt and accent of a BBC radio host. I felt him shake my husbands free hand and gently touch my elbow. "The pleasure is ours, Mr. Deke," I replied. "Please, sit. Lets get to it, shall we?" My husband moved me to the bench and sat close to my right. I felt Mr. Deke sit beside me, keeping a cordial gap. He reiterated details from his letter and patiently answered our questions in between. He represented a practice in northern Tibet concerned with the healing of people in western nations with ancient and empirically effective arts. "Why westerners in particular?" I inquired. "It wasn't always our focus, but our masters believe we are arriving at a critical turning point. Western medicine is misguided in virtue at best and a method for control at worst. This is a sad truth but one we try to be grateful for in that it gives us an opportunity for reformation from within." My husband shifted, "Is this a cult?" Mr. Deke let go a hearty laugh, "No no, I promise. There are other patients and students, but we teach no dogma and there are no empty rituals. More of a school or temple in our spiritual nature, but our masters consider themselves physicians foremost." Mr. Deke explained the treatment was expected to take a little less than a year in total and a strict daily regiment that would require my full commitment and participation. I would be under nearly constant guidance and nearly every facet of my day would be detailed. My husband would be allowed to participate in much of the treatment alongside me, 'aligning' and likely rejuvenating both of us for additional support. No stage or technique would be engaged in without our consent, though he recommended we follow the masters' guidance as our health was their primary concern. 

After several hours of talking to Mr. Deke, he insisted we take some time to consider the option. He told us he'd be in touch later in the week, gave us his card, and bid us farewell. That night as my husband and I laid in bed, we didn't say much. I listened to heartbeat against my cheek, steady and somber. "I think we should try it," he finally said. I lifted my head and imagined looking in his eyes. I could almost see the crisp hazel hue before me. It had been so long, I wondered if I remembered the shades the same, "Really?" He ever-so-lightly swept a lock of hair away from the scarred bridge of my nose. I felt his minty breath caress my throat. "Really really. I couldn't believe the letter at first but.. what Deke said in person,  his presence.. I don't know, I still can't put my finger on it." He tapped the tip of my nose and I laid my head back down. "He seemed genuine," I offered. I felt him nod in affirmation against the pillow sheet. "More than that. Salesmen can seem genuine. Mr. Deke was transparent and.. illuminating." I nodded with him as he spoke, tugging my hair between my head and his chest. I readjusted myself to spoon him and he wrapped his arms around me, his breath now brushing my neck, his heart lined up to mine. "Okay. Lets do it."

We called Mr. Deke and told him we wanted to go through with treatment. "Oh, most excellent! I assure you, Gallants, you've made a great choice. I'll be sending you plane tickets at once. You won't need to bring anything in the way of clothing or toiletries, those will be provided. The masters have no issue with bringing technology, though they will restrict their use for set times. I wouldn't worry about bringing much money, if any. There will be some time after treatment when you may want to visit the surrounding local and take in the foreign culture." About two and half weeks later, around midnight, we arrived at Xigaze Peace Airport, greeted by Mr. Deke himself and a private driver. He gave us a warm greeting and introduced us to a Mr. Ghatane before helping us into the sedan. He sat in the passenger seat and briefed us on what to expect when we arrived. We were on our way to the Sober Monastery where we would meet with the head practitioner Master Noriko and our daily guide, Master Gyurmey.

Four hours later we arrived at a stone village my husband described as a fortress. We were let out at the doors of a temple and Mr. Deke led us inside. We were greeted by two monks, a man and woman, dressed in flowing red robes. The woman I had come to know as Master Noriko, the chief physician of the temple took a step forward and bowed. "Welcome," she enunciated in a crystal clarity, "This is Master Gyurmey," she gestured to the man standing beside her. We returned the bow following Mr. Deke's example. Master Noriko shared some words with Mr. Deke in Tibetan, and he turned to us and explained he needed to attend to some other business, officially passing our care to the monks before us, and wished us "all the blessing I may offer you both" before striding off down a corridor nearby. Master Noriko turned and started off down an opposite corridor as Master Gyurmey asked us to follow him. Master Noriko's powerful voice echoed off the walls, "I cannot thank you enough for your willingness to participate in this treatment. I hope you are as excited as I am. We'll give you a day to rest from your flight and Master Gyurmey will show you the most immediately relevant facilities. We'll have a meeting tomorrow and you will embark on your treatment." She navigated us through the halls, which sometimes opened to outdoor garden pathways. She stopped at the third of a row of doors and turned to face us. "I hope, for your sake, that during your time here, you choose to take these treatments seriously. In many ways, your perception will define the success of this healing. You will get frustrated, you will be challenged, but should you persevere, you will achieve wellbeing." Her intonation betrayed nothing and I knew she meant every word as they resonated between my ribs. 

Months of waking at dawn for yoga and long periods of time just thinking about the moment I was in, eating only at certain times and only certain foods which the monks prepared and sometimes had us help with preparing, long talks with Master Noriko about things I wasn't sure I had even spoken to my husband about, tai chi and meditation in the lavender hours, acupuncture and mineral baths, essential oil massages and chanting mantras to discipline focus. Six months of retraining my mind and body, side by side my frustrated but dedicated husband. And yet it flew by.