I traveled to Vienna, 1906 and set about making myself a mild amount of fame amongst the artistic community as a Yodelmeister, known for my drunken debauchery and taste in fine lederhosen. When 1908 came about I was considered a mild enough curiosity to draw crowds of up to 300. It was a fall day when I saw him. Slight of frame, dark of hair and with a look about him nothing like I imagined. This was a much softer Hitler, one with hope still for his future. We locked eyes for a just a moment too long during my final song. As I moved my gaze away I felt a longing from him.

I invited him to my dressing room, we talked about art and his recent rejection from the Vienna Academy of Fine Arts. His work was deemed unsatisfactory. I had to agree with the professors, I told him that his architectural work was wonderful but he needed some more thorough practice on... Anatomy. I offered him a cannibis cigarette, we drank my homemade Bärenfang and suddenly I knew what it was I saw during the show. It was love. We gave into each other, and we wept.

I pulled some strings with some friends who do work over at the Academy. I watched as my beautiful Adolf grew to be a sensitive man. His paintings were good enough to make us whatever money we needed and we traveled the world together. I was his muse and the world was our oyster. It became hard to remember why I even came to the past, wrapped in my happiness as I was. Hitler had to die but I couldn't do it. How could I kill this man who has given me so much, who has lived for me and only me for the past 5 years?

I left Adolf in Russia. I couldn't do it in person, I left a letter and my condolences and ran as far as I could. I slept my way through opium dens for months until stumbling into Paris, where I had met with some old associates of mine from Vienna. They told me they were so sorry, wondered if I had spoken to Adolf's father about what had happened... a curious thing as he never did approve of us anyway. When probed further I realized that I was missing something.

"Oh so you didn't hear. I am so sorry... Adolf has shot himself in a hotel in Moscow... he's dead"

I knew then that I had won, that the game was over. Hitler was dead. But why do I feel no sense of victory? I returned to the future, lauded for my years of television drama making, and for this last year I have lived comfortably I suppose. But I miss my Adolf dearly and daily wonder if I would have been better remaining in the past.