I recently had a brush with death. More of a terrifying, eye-opening experience than smooth glide into the unknown. 

As my hands went numb and my heart irregularly pounded out of my chest, I began sweating profusely as my face and hands paled from blood starvation. I was having a heart attack. 

This could not be happening. I was too young, too fit, too active. Sure, I had my vices but I wasn't a smoker. This was not fair. My central nervous system was working overtime to try to save itself and me, so I was pumped full of adrenaline and every thought  this was a situation took place far faster than normal. Time dilated. 

Critical path management. First, no time to be a hero and try to "tough it out," I called out to a nearby coworker and told her I needed to go to the ER *right now*. Second, control my breathing and try to reduce the panic even as I notice the onset of dizziness and visual abnormalities. This is bad. 

We're in her car and the hospital is thankfully only a few blocks away. I'm thinking about my wife and my affairs. Is she set up correctly? Is everything in her name if I pass on? Are the kids college funds set up correctly, oh God the kids. I decide to hold off on calling her. It's selfish. 

I can't tell her this without knowing what's going on, and if I pass it's not harder if we never shared final words. I'll be dead and she'll be a widow no matter what. Best to let her carry on her day immune from this. 

The indignity of checking into an ER and filling out paperwork as you might be dying cannot be understated. Nobody asks "what is wrong?" they ask "what are your symptoms?" Even in this state I resent how impersonal and distant and industrialized the medical industry has become. 

I am walked back to a triage room where I am laid on a table and my eyesight darkens. My dizziness becomes extreme and I begin to lose feeling and perception of my limbs. This is it, isn't it? I'm going to die in some random ER, an ignoble end to a life I hadn't completed. 

I can perceive a nurse placing electrode contacts on me and a doctor asking questions but they both are now speaking through water in a pool of sensory shutdown around me. 

And then a figure pulls back the curtain. Not human, but also not inhuman. Filled and framed with proportions which are just not quite right. 

"Greetings," the figure says in a voice both booming and meek, "Welcome to the between." 

I don't speak, can't speak, but somehow this figure understands my thoughts. 

"Yes, I am your grim reaper. Shinigami, Mot, Thanatos, Mictecacihuatl...  I wear a thousand names from a thousand civilizations. And to answer your question, no, you are not going to die today." 

"Thank God" I think. Death swipes his Astral hands through the now-ghostly figures of the growing medical staff, who appear to be working furiously to revive me. 

"Then why am I here?" I think

"Death is a gentle thing if you welcome it, like a soft breeze or a bashful kiss. "

"Then what's the scythe for" I think. 

"The people who resist what I am attempting to teach them."

"These people are restoring you to the living world. That is in your plan. I am here to tell you that soon you will face a moment that cannot be chosen for you." 

Death slumped into the only open chair in the room, wearing all the weight of defeat in its posture. "I have been summoned to offer this message because there are no other options for our world. Hatred and fear has become ubiquitous poison. Your type are facing annihilation on this path. Soon you, personally, will make a choice on how to answer a call. I am here to implore you to choose your better angels and set humanity on a path of redemption. I can not force your hand, but I can implore your caution and careful consideration." 

And I snap back to reality. I have been pumped full of drugs, restarted with a defibrillator and I see a ring of medical staff looking down over me. 

My choice not to call my wife was a wrong one. My fear is still very real, but I now have to contend with the idea of whether or not that experience was a blood starved brain having a panicked dream, or a real warning. 

I'm just glad to be alive. 