*2018, in the former site of Battery Smith-Guthrie, north of San Francisco*

-----------

\*ZzzzzzAP!\* ***BOOM***

The soldering iron flew from my hand, and I flew across the garage. I looked back. The coils were intact, must have been a capacitor discharge. I took my discharge tool and connected it while probing with my meter.

    0.00V

"Good. Now I *won't* die!" I said, to no one. There was no one around. I couldn't risk it. Discovering this, the ultimate secret, the holy grail of sci-fi-turned-reality, could not be risked. That's why I secluded myself, here, in this old former military battery.

I walked back, clicked the breaker on, and kept soldering. Only 20 more components to go.

Once I'd finished the tedium of that, I walked to the door. Opening the massive steel bunker door took some effort but it was near impenetrable. I walked out and the cold winter air hit me. I could smell the Pacific Ocean in it. I went to the 3rd door down, reached for the key marked "M" on my chain.

I unlocked the large steel-cased padlock and opened the blastproof door. Inside, I flicked a switch. The flourescent lights flickered, and caught. The room was almost bare, save for 3 large gun safes near the end. I walked to the middle safe, and unlocked it.

Inside I ignored the 3 shotguns and went for the top compartment, unlocking yet another safe. There was a small hard-sided case, marked with "PROPERTY U.S. DEPT. OF ENERGY". I took it and relocked the safes.

Walking out I flicked the switches, closed the room up, and went back to the initial bunker/garage.

Opening the case revealed 5 slugs of metal, shaped to a fine point, each nestled in a cut foam pocket, with "Ir" stamped above it. I removed 3 and set them inside 3 coils of copper wire, held in place with some plastic mounts. The coils were arranged in a circle, with the spikes pointed at a platform about 5 feet in front of it.

I walked to my control panel, modified from an old industrial panel, and pressed the large buttons, like the little kid in me always wanted to do. The flyback transformers whined as they charged the capacitor banks to 980 kV and held. As the meter climbed, so did my anxiety. I watched, until the needle marked "CAP CHARGE %" settled at 100. I looked at my LCD display, beneath it a metal plaque reading "SYSTEM VOLTAGE".

    980 kV

Good. Ready to rock. I walked to my stereo, and pressed "Play" on my cassette deck. The room was filled with the sounds of Ronnie James Dio. I walked back to the control panel and flicked a safety switch labeled "Arm"

A button labeled "Fire" lit up. I whispered a small prayer to a god I didn't believe in, pressed the button, and watched as 3 small iridium spikes blasted a portal onto a platform.

I didn't fucking believe it at first. I looked, and dropped an apple in. The apple appeared a second later. I did it. I'd even nailed the calibration my first shot. My cassette reversed. Side B started playing. I walked to the panel on the side of the platform and turned a key, then pressed a button. The portal disappeared, leaving wisps of smoke and a glowing red base. I walked back to my stereo. Paused the tape. Walked outside, smelling the ocean air. I had done it! I was the best physicist the world had known! I walked to my bike, an '86 Ninja 1000, and hopped on. I raced down to 101 and crossed the Golden Gate to San Francisco. I went to my usual watering hole, fresh with the scent of ozone and victory.

"The usual for you?" asked James, the local barman and the closest thing I had to a friend.

"Nah, I'll take a nuclear blast, thank you."

"Someone's happy" he replied, somewhat amused.

"Well, that's expected, after realizing you aren't crazy."

He mixed the drink wordlessly, adding the alcohols and mixing. It tasted like victory. After a while, and some wings, I got up to leave. Someone stopped me. He was wearing an SFPD uniform.

"Step outside please" he said, as I noticed his badge.

"Sir, please step outside with me" he repeated, as I noticed his badge didn't have a number.

I walked, and noticed his pistol was an original 1911, but the PD only carried Sigs, in .40.... something didn't add up. I slipped from his hand around my shoulder, and ran around the corner. I fired my bike up, but didn't shift in time. He knocked me off my bike. I reached for the Makarov on the side of my bike. He stepped on my hand as he handed me an envelope.

"Mechanicville, New York. 2070. Be at the hydro plant at 2:30 PM sharp. Deliver this to a man wearing a Nirvana t-shirt. Welcome to time travel."