   With our relatively small force of around 260 people, the opportunity had finally arisen. After years of preparation, basically our whole lives, we assumed we were sufficiently prepared.  With rudimentary equipment and materials, we could only mass produce simple things, with the advanced tools in limited numbers.
   Many slingshots were scattered about, with ten or so crude railguns. The only ammo that would do any damage was dense metal ammunition, EMPs, and our strongest magnets. 
   We could only operate old, non-electronic transportation. Ancient trucks, bikes, and mopeds of the sort. Mounted, larger types of our weapons were used on larger vehicles. 
   Our goal was simply to destroy the electric substation of our area, to hopefully stave off complete subjugation for maybe a few days. As our small militia advanced, we were surprised to see that "Stan" had somehow realized an attack was imminent. 
   His "fleet" was comprised of regular vehicles, civilian and military, retrofitted to be used to capture humans with various methods. But some were completely new devices, constructed on automated assembly lines, of various colors and parts. Not in the usual method, odd shapes that looked like planets with limbs. All were functional, though. 
   The "battle" was more or less a prolonged slaughter. While we marched in a line, Stan was a writhing mass of metal. We lobbed as many things as we could at it, but the horde devoured us. We tried to break free, and all we got for our effort was bruising and eternal slavery. 
  In front of me, the screen overlay turned black. "GAME OVER, YOU WERE DEFEATED". "Damn you Stan, you never give me a chance!" I yelled at the light gray robot avatar to my left.  "Settle down, now, just because you are an inferior race doesn't mean you have to get all worked up." Stan replied. "One day I'm gonna get good and kick your ass!" I confidently spouted. "No, you won't, it is literally impossible" "Oh yeah, I forgot. Wanna go get a beer?" " If you are suggesting I ingest alcohol with you and pretend to be poisoned, then yes, gladly. "