Cameron stared at the musket dangling on a string of gold. It was almost entirely wood, save for a few strips of shiny silver. Two cartoony, golden, almost plastic angel wings were attached near the barrel, like something from a children's toy. 

She - her name, confusingly - pranced over to the gun, her hazy silhouette bobbing up and down. She, her face manifested as a minimalistic outline, gave Cameron a smile. "Thoughts?" 

"It, um, what is it?" 

"Your weapon!" She declared, smile forced wider. 

"A musket?" Cameron glanced between She and her weapon. "Brandon was bragging about superspeed. Airi can make force fields-" 

"Well we're on a budget." She grabbed the musket and thrust it into Cameron's arms. 

"How am I supposed to-" 

"Hold on, almost forgot the string," She said, snapping her fingers. The golden string unwound from the wooden beam above. A moment later, it whirled around the musket's wings, outlining the feathers. "Looks much better now, eh?" 

Cameron bit his lower lip. "Yep, way better." 

"Fantastic, I'm so glad you like it," She said. "Do you know how to shoot a musket?" 

"I'm a carpenter." 

"Yeah, yeah, but you could've had, like, a sharpshooting hobby, right?" 

"No." 

"Excellent." She paused. "Okay, Cameron, I'm gonna need you to trust me." 

"Sure." As if he had a choice. 

"Okay, so, I don't have a gun you can practice with." 

"Right," Cameron said. 

"And you can't practice with the musket." 

"Can't practice with-" Cameron fiddled with his words. "I don't know how to shoot a gun. Aren't-" He paused. "Aren't muskets even more difficult to use than normal?" 

"Yeah, yeah, yeah, definitely. But, um, well you should be fine," She said. "That string is lucky, understand? It'll help you out. Definitely. I spent all my Divinity on it, so it ought to be high quality." 

Cameron gripped the musket. 

"Don't worry, it's not like you'll *die*," She said, waving her hand. "Just pull the trigger once and BAM, you'll win in a jiffy." 

\#

Brandon ran circles around the arena, only visible through brief flashes of light. Much to his sponsor's annoyance, he had decided taunting his enemies was more productive than ending the fight in a moment. 

"Come on, shoot me! Try it!" Brandon said, laughing. His silhouette flashed around as Cameron tried to take aim. 

"Just fire!" She called from the side. 

"Oh, forget it," Cameron muttered. He pulled the trigger, aiming where he last saw Brandon's flash. 

There was no thunder, bang, or fizz. The wings merely fluttered for a moment before falling off. 

Brandon stopped to laugh. Cameron glanced at his opponent's sponsor, Orthun. He looked dead serious. 

"YES!" She cried. Cameron looked to her, finding that she was jumping and waving her arms around, or at least as well as a humanoid haze could. "YES, YES, YES!!"

There was a fizz and a pop. A cool breeze brushed against Cameron's right cheek. The wings floated up, then dissolved into black dust. The lights around the arena dimmed. Dirt and dust slowly swirled around Cameron in organized streams, weaving into a cloth-like substance. 

Frail hands grasped Cameron's shoulders. They were warm, almost comforting. However, Cameron found himself frozen, staring at the wretched, curved blade stuck in the ground in front of him. Its blade was polished, almost reflective as a mirror. 

Brandon stepped back, afraid. Orthun sighed and shook his head. 

"HIGH QUALITY!" She shouted, almost taunting, toward Orthun. 

"Mm, a succession contest?" a terribly bored voice sounded out. "I was called out for this? Oh, how annoying." 

A frail hand left Cameron's shoulders and snapped its fingers. 

Brandon turned pale and collapsed. 

The world blurred for a moment, And Cameron felt dizzy as the Being behind him returned to dirt. 

Orthun strolled over, slowly clapping. 

A woman blinked into existence next to Cameron, petite and terribly pale. Her face was freckled and round, and her dress rippled off her into streams of ethereal mist. 

"See, see, I told you to trust me!" the woman said. 

Cameron raised an eyebrow. "She?" 

"No, no," the woman said, waving her hand. "I'm Sheriliaa!" She threw her arm around his shoulders. "I've got a name now because of you! And a body! Oooh, it was worth saving up all those centuries. My candidate finally won!" 

"Oh, um, oh..." Cameron fell to his knees, head spinning. 

"I'll be your advisor! Aren't you excited? I can't wait!" 

"Oh good..." Cameron murmured, fading into unconsciousness. 

\#

Wrote right before bed, sorry for lack of detail. 