Monster are monsters, no ifs ands or buts. They scare, they intimidate, but mostly they prepare. Monsters in this classical sense aren't innately cruel or evil, in fact most are kind and reasonable fellows. They serve as a preparatory being for the young charges they watch over, a sort of faux truth of what horrifying things lie beyond they're house and home.

They don't traumatize.

They don't kill.

And most importantly, they don't take.

And the ones who do? Those are the true monsters, no ifs ands or buts.

* * *

When The Smoking Man entered young Charlie's closet from The Place Where Monsters Reside, he could already tell something was wrong. A steady sob emanated from the back wall of the closet- Charlie's adopted mothers' room -and a sudden desperation filled the mass of smoke. He slammed the door that led to The Place Where Monsters Reside closed- a silent act no matter the force applied -and ripped open the door again, this time leading into young Charlie's room.

The Smoking Man couldn't believe it.

The broken in window, the torn away covers, the crying- Sweet Baby Tiamat, Smoking Old Man would be torn apart that this would happen to his sweet little Louise.

The look on his father's (Lack of) face when he learned that Louise married that girl was a look the smoking man would never forget.

It was in that moment that The Smoking Man knew, he must save young Charlie.

The Smoking Man let his eyes- beady red dots in a sea of black -lose focus, and train his sight in a lower dimension. He saw the trail a familiar concoction of magic that made up the spaces that Charlie once occupier, as well as two other completely foreign ones, left. Enter and existing the room through the shattered window.

A path he could follow.

With a puff of his cigar and the removal of the wide brimmed hat that crowned him, The Smoking Man dissipated and flowed out the window.

***

It didn't take long for The Smoking Man to catch up to the van meandering along the back woods road. It took less time to convince the two drivers that they had suddenly driven into some rather heavy fog, and even less to confirm that, yes, young Charlie had his seat belt on.

The Smoking Man walked onto the road, stopping right in the path of the van. Naturally, this caused the van to screech to a halt. The driver stepped out, and asked what The Smoking Man was doing.

All he got where two beady red eyes in a sea of black.

Replacing his hat upon his head, The Smoking Man walked towards the Kidnapper.

"That child was not yours to take," The Smoking Man spoke in a raspy voice.

Monsters traumatize other Monsters.

Monsters kill other Monsters.

But Monsters never take.

The Smoking Man would never forget the look on Louise's and her wife's face when the opened the door and found young Charlie, asleep and unharmed, on their doorstep.