The General stood stalwart, firm in his decision as his men around all gazed upon him in a dreadful silence at this order. The war room was dark, lit only with the lumiscent sea green glow of analog monitors, their light made more unearthly by the thick haze of ciggarettes smoked in this dire time; perhaps the last days of man, if Cthulhu would only head the pathetic and mortal mans call. 

"Initiating order, Infinite Void..." the General nodded solemnly at this wavering voice. The Lieutenant initiating the order reached into his breast pocket with a quivering hand and pulled out a simple steel key, not unlike a locker key, small and unassuming in its appearance. He inserted the key into a black steel box mounted to the left of his glowing green monitor,  the box clicked at the turn of the key. The Lieutenant lifted the lid of the box, revealing a black phone. He held the phone to his ear, pausing, sweat rolling down his neck in profuse beads, collecting on his neatly starched collar. "NOW LIEUTENANT." The General barked. 

The Lieutenant licked his lips, closed his eyes and with a dreadful, quivering tone in his throat said into the black reciever; "In his house at R'lyeh, dead Cthulhu waits dreaming." 

As the last syllable of the dreadfull verse escaped the lips of the lieutenant, a loud sound of metal on metal resounded from the back of the war room. The back of the war room, where the only door in or out, a 3 foot thick blast door which always stood open, was closed; the General nowhere to be seen in the midst of the grim group of military men. 

The Lieutenant stood up from his post, squarely, stiffly, mechanically. His head suddenly lurched backward on his shoulders, so much so that the back of his head rested firmly between his shoulder blades. The dozen or so remaining men in the war room all stood suddenly seeing this, disgusted and simultaneously frightened into frozen silence. The Lieutenants body began to shudder violently, his eyes began to bleed and bulge, his mouth agape and tongue thrashing wildly about in the cavity of his mouth. His arms began to raise in a summoning, worshipfull manner. When his arms reached the apex of their arc, his bleeding bulging eyes burst forth from their sockets, from within his empty sockets a black gore began to pour out. From within his writhing mouth the same black gore, falling out in chunks like a spoiled milk. 

The men of the war room watched this horror, knowing full well what was occuring, knowing full well of their own mortal damnedhood. Resigned to death, the men of the war room watched as the Lieutenants body transformed from a fleshly man, to that of a black, oozing, quivering mass. Under his stained uniform writhed what appeared to be a mass of oily, thick eels; and complete darkness consumed the war room, and the lives of its occupants snuffed out in its inifinite void. Cthulhu has come.

 The General hovered over a small black and white monitor, observing the events of the sealed war room until the image went black, then to static; "Lord have mercy..." He stood up from the monitor and exited out a large, green steel door, the light of the outside sun flooding the room momentarily, shining its light into that secret compound for the last time. The heat of sun, the dry desert, the smell of sage and sand permeated the Generals senses as strode purposefully towards a small convoy of olive drab jeeps parked on a black topped runway. He entered in the middlemost jeep, driven by a man dressed innapropriatley for hot desert climate in a full, black suit and tie, black rimmed glasses, and a black fedora atop his greased hair. 

"I assume it has been completed General." The man in black stated, more than questioned. The General glared angrily at the man in black momentarily"Just give me a fucking update and get this convoy moving." The jeep lurched forward, and the convoy began down a dusty road toward a range of rocky hills several miles away. The man in black spoke; "The alien mothership landed, as you know, at 1700 hrs in Washington DC. Immediately upon set down, the