Even before the final slides from the intelligence update flashed on the screen in the War Room, the mood had already turned frosty. The precious few remaining embers of hope in Kim Jong Un’s heart all but gave up the ghost as the intelligence officer finished his report, and in the lengthening silence which followed, despair consumed Kim.

That despondence soon flared into a furnace of anger, and specks of spittle flew from his lips as he raged. “Incompetent! All of you, utterly incompetent! I was promised that the Americans were finally taking us seriously!”

“We had reason to believe their armadas were really taking up position to attack us, Supreme Leader,” the intelligence officer stuttered, “they even said so in the press. But it seems that at the last moment, they changed their minds… it was just another feint-” 

“Out! Get out!” In a flash, Kim seized the projector on the table, turned and hurled the device at the wall. The projector’s exposed innards, spilled across the floor, sparked briefly for the last time. “Not you, General Dho! The rest of you get out!”

The entire Cabinet shuffled out obediently, leaving the two men adrift in the sudden vastness of the War Room. Kim still heaved from his exertions, and the worry lines on his rapidly aging face furrowed deeper. If there were anyone else there to observe, they may have mistaken General Dho for being a statue, the way the collected calmness radiated from him.

“How much time left, Dho?” said Kim, after an eternity. His whitened fists, curled tightly, pressed into the table.

“Persevere, Supreme Leader. This is a temporary setback. Stay the course, and you wil-”

“I asked, how much time left!”

Kim heard the desperation seeping through in his own voice, subtly changing his command into a plea. But he didn’t care – this wasn’t his Cabinet, who were versed only in the language of power. This was his mentor, his closest advisor, his only friend… the only person he trusted on this long, winding road which his feet were bound to.

“At least a year. My spies tell me that she’s in stable condition, and she’s been receiving the best care which money can afford. She’s of the old blood, Supreme Leader, they will have to drag her kicking and screaming into the heavens.”

“Has she written again? I want to see for myself, see that she’s fine!”

General Dho started reaching into the left inner pocket within his uniform, then thought better of it. Instead, he leaned forward, meeting Kim eye to eye. “Tell me, Supreme Leader, what do you hope to read in your grandaunt’s letter? What words do you possibly expect to find within?”

Kim exhaled in a burdened sigh, slowly uncurling his fists, revealing the reddened pits where his nails had sunk into his palms. In truth, there was little surprise remaining to be had. Her letters were always similar to each other, but it was from that very consistency that he found solace.

She would usually begin by recounting some long-forgotten incident from his youth, then she would veer into a rambling update of recent events, before returning to reminding Kim to look after himself, take care of himself. Her letters would never win any literary prize, but as Kim had long acknowledged, those letters were the only things keeping him sane through the years.

“I have to see her again before she dies, Dho. She’s the only family I have left, and I will never forgive myself if I am too late.”

“You were raised to be stronger than this!” said General Dho, an edge of rebuke creeping into his tone. “Just continue as we planned! Eventually, the world will realise that our nation is not just a thorn in their sides, we are a shard which has opened a festering lesion! They will invade, they will crush us, and then you can surrender, a political prisoner of the South! There, opportunities will abound for you to be reunited with your grandaunt!”

“It’s just… it’s much more difficult than I thought, Dho, so much more difficult…” said Kim, leaning back in his chair, eyes closed in painful recollection. “The Cabinet is beyond redemption! You’d think they would appreciate my efforts to modernize the country, bring peace to it… but no! Every step forward is seen as caving in to demonic western ideals! I can’t even leave them alone for five minutes, they would just fight and kill each other!”

“As I warned you, long ago, they will only listen to a strong hand, an undeniable power. Show any weakness at all, and they will consume you, whole.”

Kim laughed, a sad, half-hearted chuckle. “I’m not sure how much longer I can take this, Dho. I’m one day away from cracking. We can try the nuclear missile tests again, but I know they are going to fail, and the world will have yet another reason not to invade us. I… I just want it all to end, you understand?”

General Dho sighed, then laid a reassuring hand on the Supreme Leader’s shoulder. “In that case, I’ve got one last plan to try, if you will still believe in me. I can’t tell you the details, only that you will know when the time comes. And when it does, you must move forward with conviction, no looking back, understand?”

“Yes, I understand,” said Kim, quietly. “No victory without sacrifice, as you always counsel me.”

General Dho fished out a plain, white envelope, laying it on the table before Kim, then stood up slowly. “That’s the most recent letter my spies brought to me from your grandaunt. I trust that it gives you the strength and courage to see the plan through, Supreme Leader. Till we meet again.”

A straightening of the back, a smart salute, then General Dho was gone.

---

“Supreme Leader! Please, an emergency! You have to wake up, now!”

Kim rubbed the sleep from his eyes, squinting against the harsh lights which had been thrown on in his chambers. He recognised the eager faces before him as ranking members of his Cabinet, fawning sycophants who bayed for blood at every turn. Then, in that moment, the adrenaline surged through his veins, breathing life back into the smouldering remains of hope he harboured.

“Is it an attack? Are the Americans or the Chinese invading?”

“No, no, it’s worse!” said the bespectacled one, closest to Kim. 

Someone pressed a smuggled tablet into his hands, and a live-streaming news conference started playing. Kim recognised General Dho immediately, though the twenty or so civilian men, women and children behind him stirred no memory. 

It appeared that General Dho, standing proudly behind a lectern, was addressing the camera directly, fist pumping animatedly in the air. Kim couldn't remember the last time he had seen General Dho so animated.

“General Dho is defecting! He called for a press conference, and the traitorous dogs in his camp have broadcast his video out to the whole world! It’s live, even as we speak! He’s promising to give the world all the secrets to our government, and he’s condemning everything that Supreme Leader has built with his bare hands!”

“Is… is this a joke?” said Kim, the colour drained from his face. “General Dho is our most loyal comrade! He’s a pillar of the Cabinet!”

“He’s a dog, that’s what he is!” spat the thin, reedy one at the side. “We’ve obtained proof! We searched his quarters, and we’ve found letters he has written to you, blaming you for everything wrong in the country! See for yourself!” he said, offering up a sheaf of papers, ripped from plain, white envelopes.

“Supreme Leader, fear not, we’ve found out where they are! They thought they were hidden, but we’ve traced them! At your command, we will storm their building, execute them on live camera for the world to see!” howled the stout, grizzled one. “That is the show of force we need, to prove to the world that our glorious motherland is not to be trifled with!”

“Just give us the command!” yelled the loyal Cabinet members, in unison.

Kim looked down at the letters, and indeed, the neat, determined script he had come to recognise on sight, they carried not the empathetic words of support, of encouragement he was used to over the months and the years. Instead, they spelled out unmistakable calls for rebellion, and at the end of every page, repeated three times at the conclusion for added effect, were General Dho’s condemnation of Kim's rule, a rallying call to the insurgents.

No victory without sacrifice.

---

/r/rarelyfunny