The rusted springs of the bed cry out as I leave them for the night. Their whine reminds me of the abandoned people who once worshipped me – such a brief sound, nothing but a ripple in time. But it's heart-wrenching nonetheless. That’s the only thing I envy mortals – their ability to feel so much in such a short time.

My steps take me out of the bedroom and into the garden. Sometimes I just stand there, feeling the grass grow under my feet, smelling the sweetness of the daffodils swirling through the air. 

Down by the lake, in the shadow of an olive tree, rests a girl. The black tresses of her hair swell over her pale shoulders in a waterfall of molten obsidian. Bright-eyed and freckled, she smiles up at me. She never speaks, just watches me in adoration.

My toes dip into the water, rippling the reflection of the ice blue sky. Water is the source of all life – that’s what they say – but I don’t remember the last time I had something to drink, and I’ve been around for a very long time.

Slowly, I stir the water with my foot.  “Do you think the world matters?”

The girl usually just sits there, smiling, her beauty and grace forever captured in that state, but today she stands up. The smell of salt and fire fill my senses as she runs her fingers through my hair. 

“Do you?”

Her voice is barely a whisper. Still, I flinch and pull my foot out of the water. She never speaks. Her soft breath in my ear makes me shiver. It’s been so very long. 

“I… I don’t know.”

“I think you do know,” she says and sits down next to me.

I think just like her name, I had forgotten what an annoyance she was. Still, my heart starts aching. It’s a combination of sorrow and nostalgia ripping through it now. 

“It mattered to me once…”

But I left it behind – I had to. The world isn’t a place for someone like me. It never was. Whenever I look at mortals I just see their skin drying and crumbling, their hair graying, and their skulls staring empty-eyed at me.

“Do you see it?” she says, pointing at the now polished surface of the lake.

More interested in her bony finger than my reflection, I try to grab it and pull her into an embrace. As always, she slips through my grasp and returns to her place under the tree.

Reluctantly, my eyes meet the soot-black ones of my twin. Seeing the chiseled jaw and cheekbones of my face never brought much joy or surprise. Nothing ever changes… except, this time it has. A single white strand of hair curls down my forehead. 

For a moment, the man in the lake tightens his lips, and his eyebrows rise just a smidge of an inch. Change. It shouldn’t be there, but it is. Blinking doesn’t help.

“Maybe it’s time?” says the girl.

The thought of ever returning to the world had never struck me until now, but maybe it was inevitable. 

“What year is it?”

“Does it matter?”

“Nothing matters.” That’s what I’ve always said, but now the resoluteness in my voice seems to be wavering. “Right?”

“Are you sure?” She tilts her head to the side, letting the pink tip of her tongue sweep over her thin lips. “Maybe it always mattered?”

My hand balls into a fist. Maybe there’s hope still left for the world. 

“Will you come with me if I return?”

“What do you think?”

“I don’t know.”

“Does it matter if I do?”

“I suppose it doesn’t.” I’ve always been so sure of my ways, but for some reason, things are changing.  “Nothing really matters.”

Except… maybe it does, and perhaps I’ve been wrong all along. With a sigh, I stretch my back.

“What is your name again?” I say over my shoulder as I make my way out of the garden.

“What is yours?” she replies with a smile.

What is my name? Maybe it no longer matters. I’m sure the mortals have forgotten it. Perhaps it’s best if I make a new one for myself this time around.

***
Subscribe to r/Lilwa_Dexel for more.