The Short, impossibly broad Alien stared up toward Eminem, his snub face portraying what humans would detect as arrogance, "well, humanoid? Are you going to explain your short, uneventful history to us or not? You've got five minutes to sway us Farriquark to not blow up your planet with the Plasma Reducer Canon. So, begin."

Eminem looked on, dejected, pissed off. The Aliens were a morally perfect being, destroying us because the greed and evil that mankind possesses was "dangerous to the universe" according to the Farriquark. 

Shady looked down, his brow scrunched in deep thought, Mic groped firmly in his white-knuckled fist.

A twinkle in his eye glowed, he raised the Mic to his lips...

*Yo, people, listen up. I Guess it's happenin,

The Freaks across the Galactic neighbourhood been snoopin round some,

Well, merry christmas, you found us, living alone, mindin' our business,

Tryin'a correct our planet's sickness from the pollution of oily slickness,

You see, billions of years ago we formed an atmosphere with plants,

Then evolution happened, till you have Shady's ass in pants, 

You had Cleopatra, Stonehenge, Jiroft then China

Oh, by the way, Cleo's kid, Caesarion, didn't come out her vagina

Cuniform gave writing, Egyptian papyrus citin' all the fightin' our species had from simply slightin',

Philosophy, science, reading and math,

The pillars of reasoning tryin'a save our greedy ass,

But despite all our knowledge, like, hello!? We know what's right, 

there's a little light, flashing bright, every night in every fuckin' bum's plight,

And so we destroy and fight, givin' rise to hate and spite, 

Wreckin' everything in sight, until we get our little green notes kept tight, 

Stackin' em up till we die hollow alright, human beings ain't done nothin' right

I guess, what I'm saying is, we are a pile of shit,

Despite knowin' how to fly to outer space in our cockpit,

We've killed animals, destroyed our home, killed each other for the hell-of-it.

We are a bunch of immoral bums,

Fuck! I somehow hate the one I'm meant to call mum

But no matter how bad we might seem to be, 

Through wars and death and life's atrocities

We still come together, one humanity, 

Risin', fighting' for a chance to be like you, and succeed*

Stan drops the Mic and walks out, the Aliens pulverised and reduced to liquid waste by his rap for humanity. 

He had saved the world with his medium of anger-induced rhyme. 

WTF.


