  

Tobias stretched her legs out in front of her and grimaced. They had been particularly brutal today, crushing her legs under piles and piles of bricks while she had refused… refused to tell them the truth. Oh, that she was the current leader of the rebellion, that she had been the originator of the tweet storm leading up to that fateful rally that had landed her *here*; those things she had given up immediately. But that she was attracted to men – and that she was a woman *despite* her genitalia… 

She knew that if she cracked, they would have her on the news stations immediately, addressing the crowds. Support for the movement, her movement, would end overnight. Mother Russia was not a liberal country.  Then she would be executed, and the rest of her followers would quietly slip away.

They could not kill her unless she admitted her “perversions” on the air, of course. The rebellion needed a martyr.

Tobias groaned as she adjusted her legs once again, knowing that soon the secondary torture would begin. She hated showing weakness in front of him – the dark, brooding guard who conversed with her overnight. He would hiss and vow vengeance on those who had touched her, say all the right things, anything he needed to do. If she started trusting him… she knew she was fragile, she had trained her followers over and over the tricks to avoid being brainwashed.

They had chosen well. He was handsome, despite the black bags under his eyes and the almost skeletal slenderness. His black buttoned shirt accentuated his waist, Tobias’ favourite feature on a man, whilst his light grey suit trousers were always neatly pressed.

She knew she shouldn’t trust him but there was an almost animal urge in her to tell him everything.

He would tell her what was going on in the world, who from her rebellion was leading which activities. Tobias never let her face give away her thoughts when he mentioned Eileen or Sveta. She knew they were testing her, trying to get her to slip up. To see if Eileen or Sveta were actually even involved.

She would not.

He was late. She could tell by the way the sun was slipping down beyond the window. The shadows were long now, stretching the bars across the bare concrete floor. 

Perhaps they had given up, these unregistered soldiers. They had finally accepted that she would not tell them the truth and would kill her. Anyone could share a gif of Ru Paul accidentally, after all. It didn’t mean that one wished they had the freedom to wear dresses, wigs and makeup. To *pass*.

Her thoughts were interrupted by his arrival. He didn’t seem to have keys – Tobias had checked multiple times during their one-sided chats, fantasising about grabbing them and making a run for it.  But he must, if he got into her cell. They certainly didn’t leave the door unlocked, she had checked. Every night she could move, she checked.

“Bia.” Smerti whispered, falling to his knees by her side. He never seemed to notice the dirt or the smell. Another reason she suspected he wasn’t a real guard. “Bia, come on.  Look at me.”

Tobias could feel herself breaking. He had started calling her Bia recently, only a few weeks. They *knew*, they must know.

“Smerti?” She responded, her voice scratching against a sore throat. She had screamed and screamed until her voice broke earlier and been strong then. What was it about the way he cupped her chin that made her want to give up on everything and just let it all go? It never seemed important when she was staring into his eyes.

It was one of the reasons she rarely allowed herself the pleasure.

“Bia.” He pressed a gentle kiss against her forehead and Tobias felt herself respond physically. She tried to adjust her legs so that he wouldn’t be able to tell, but the muscles burnt like fire. Oh gods it hurt. Smerti didn’t seem to notice. “They are going to kill you tomorrow.” 

Tobias’ heart stopped, and for a second she forgot to breath. Finally, she would be free of this pain every day.

She tilted her head down, mostly out of habit – before they had shaved her, handfuls of brown curls would have folded in front of her eyes to hide her expression.

“I can’t leave you here.” Smerti said, his tone bleak. “I should. It’s my job to look the other way, but I just can’t. Fuck destiny.  Please, let me help you.”

Tobias hesitated, and then nodded. Perhaps she could trust him? More likely, this was another ruse. Another way to force her to slip up, tell them what they needed to know.

Smerti lifted her into his arms, the shackles that had previously held her arms against the wall falling free almost as though they had never been locked. As though Tobias had never pulled against that wall with all her might as they did terrible, terrible things to her.

She frowned at the shackles, scraping against the wall as they swayed, and then twisted gingerly to look up into Smerti’s eyes.

Smerti smiled, the corners of his eyes crinkling attractively.  He crossed the cell as though she weighed nothing – which she might well do after more than six months of living on scraps of bread and burnt meat.

“Why are you doing this?” She whispered. Why were they still torturing her? Why couldn’t they just accept that she was not going to break, believe that she really was a man.

Black eyes flecked with gold smiled down at her as they slipped through the door. His voice was honey and darkness and desire. “Your rebellion needs its queen.”