I open the door. "Welcome! How are - " I stammer as I see who Matilda brought over tonight. It's Gordon. How am I supposed to cook for HIM? I am woefully unprepared. All I had ready to cook was a package of frozen pre-cooked steaks from the grocery store. No way will this sort of company be pleased by that.

As we enter my apartment, I announce that I will be serving steaks tonight, "...coming straight from the *organic* section at Safeway."

Christ. I know that's a load of bullshit, but how else am I supposed to make this meal seem tolerable for him? I wasn't expecting to serve someone like this. I was thinking Matilda would bring over some quaint cockney bloke, maybe with wooden teeth? And I would never ask a Brit named "Ramsay" if she was bringing Gordon to dinner. That's just not how you get laid in college.

He looks at his plate. His tongue is drooling. His ears are flared. He looks at me.

"Are you mad?"

"Sir?"

"I asked, are you mad?"

"I - I...." How do you even respond to that question? Maybe he's right, maybe I have gone mad.

"DONKEY!" Uh, oh. Here it comes. "There's paprika. PAPRIKA. On my frozen steak. Your choice to serve it with melted peanut butter, first of all, is abhorrent, but then to call it authentic Thai?  The rolls... Well they aren't bad actually. If you're trying to give diabetes to a horse! I just don't understand why you would ever dip perfect yeasty rolls in maple syrup. The broccoli looks like it came out of a bag. Tastes worse, like a jock strap dipped in salt and left to sun-dry. I need a doctor, I think I'm about to have a stroke..."

"Sir? You're - " In his fuming state, I can't get his attention. 

"ENOUGH! I've had it. Running a kitchen? I wouldn't trust you to run a bath!"

"SIR!" I shouted. Now he's listening. "In my time I have heard many criticisms. I've been told my nose is too big. I've been told I look like Joan Rivers mixed with Shrek. But this takes the cake. Never have I had my cooking skills mocked by a talking Golden Retriever!"

Oh, did I not mention that? Matilda brought over her dog for dinner tonight. She thought it would be funny to name him Gordon Ramsay. Now he's talking to me. I knew I shouldn't have dropped 3 tabs of LSD before dinner. Looks like I've been barking up the wrong tree.

"Uuuum, I think it's time for me to go." Figures that Matilda is not amused by my conversation with her doggo. She never takes my side on anything. That dog is clearly in the wrong here. What a bimbo. Good riddance.