Fate is a curious thing. 

If you had told me a month ago that I'd be standing in the center of a brewing war, I'd have called you crazy. Hell, I still feel a bit crazy. 

It was just over a month ago when it all started. I was minding my own business, shopping at the grocery store. A young man walked down the aisle wearing a bright green getup. I thought it was odd—but hey, we lived in the city. Odd people are pretty much the rule here, not the exception.

Anyway, the young man was struggling to reach the top shelf—he was maybe 5'5"—so I did the neighborly thing and helped him out. I'll be darned if he didn't get so indignant at me for trying to help that he had a heart attack! I always tell people, if you get so worked up over the little things you're bound to have a heart attack! People never stop to stay calm; it's like they just see red and have no control over themselves. Anyway, I called an ambulance and tried to do CPR, but it was too late. 

I felt bad for the young man, but apparently he was a bit of a bad man. He'd been responsible for a mass killing a few weeks back. I always say that you get what's coming to you. 

The very next week I was at the bank looking to make a small deposit—my daughter had sent me a bit of money in the mail, God bless her. I was next in line when a group of men wearing clown costumes thundered their way into the bank! They were robbing it! I was scandalized, let me tell you. Anyway, they yelled for everyone to get on the ground and shut up—such rude language. Now, as for me, I'm not as young as I once was. I really couldn't get to the ground without hurting my hip—I recently had it replaced and being that it's winter, it just hurts like the dickens. I tried to tell those young men that I'd just need some help laying down. They didn't like that one bit. As one man they pointed their guns at me. The next thing I knew, they were firing at me! They were going to shoot me down in cold blood. I honestly don't know how, but they all missed! Somehow the bullets all found their way back to the young men in the clown masks. Each and every one of them had shot out their own eye. I hate to say I told you so, but I've been warning people about that for years. Young people never listen. 

Next thing I knew, I was being questioned by the FBI. They seemed to think I had super powers. I just laughed and told them about my rather ordinary life—outside of this last week, it was downright dull! Eventually they let me leave with a lot of knowing winks and patronizing nods. I think they thought they were privy to some secret. Foolish kids. 

Now I know the story would be stranger than fiction if I just let it end there, but the story isn't over! Just two weeks back I had decided to drop by an art gallery to see my grand-daughter's exhibit there. It was all the way downtown and a hell of a trip to make on a bad hip like mine. I wanted to see my Annie's art work all displayed on the walls though. Honestly, I get a bit choked up thinking about the next bit...

I was sitting down, admiring a canvas with about three hundred shades of grey—part of this so called modern art I've been hearing about—when a burly gentleman kicked open the door holding a sword. He pointed the thing at me, saying something about "The guild wanting revenge." Strangest thing I'd heard, though I guess I understand now...

Anyway, the man came running at me like a linebacker, waving his sword about like a crazed kid with a toy. He tripped and fell a foot in front of me. I tell you, that grey painting had a lot more color after he was done spraying blood all over the place. 

You know, I always told people not to run with knives or scissors. He proved my point.

After that mess, I was hailed as the greatest hero of our time. Apparently that man had been responsible for the deaths of a dozen heroes in the last three years. Me? I don't know about that. But they call me "The Grandad," and I think I like that. 

I think I may play along with this for the next couple years. Everyone needs some good grandfatherly advice now and again. Especially these heroes and villains. 

__________________________
/r/SirLemoncakes