The coin landed on the table with a loud clank. An angel stared up at Death, her serene smile seeming to taunt the lady reaper. "You have won the game," said she to the man before her, her voice as disinterested as ever. "I shall see you at the end of your next lifetime."

The man smiled and shook her hand as he began to fade into light. How cordial, she thought to herself. He was one of the few to show her pleasantries. Most others devoured their prize in an instant, as if they were all squealing, gluttonous swine.

It hadn't been very long since Death had begun her job. Although, she wasn't certain how much time had truly passed, seeing as Time himself only liked to govern the world of the living. Her guess was about a few hundred years.

There was a vast amount of variation in the people that she met with daily. Some murders, some elderly, some children. The one thing they had in common was the chance to begin life anew. And, she had to admit, there was quite the handful of lucky people to live a few lifetimes. However, fate was still fate, and they always came back to her in the end. Some willingly, some begrudgingly.

Death was snapped out of her thoughts by the opening of her door. "Another visitor," she mumbled to herself as she fumbled around for the coin. She found it just as her new guest took a seat before her.

This time it was a young girl. Her body showed no traces of brutal beatings, a deadly disease, or the scent of poison. There was simply a clean cut on her neck about where the jugular was located.

Death paid it no herd. "Come child," she said, motioning to the coin in front of her, "let us play a game."

The girl remained silent; however, there was a slight twitch of her brow as she cast her eyes downward.

The lack of words was nothing new, and Death continued to speak. "A coin will be tossed to determine if you die here or live another lifetime. Would you---"

"Stop this! Just take me now," the girl said forcefully.

Death was taken aback. Usually, one this young wasn't welcoming of their demise. Besides, there were rules to abide by. "I'm sorry, child," said Death to the girl, "but you must play the game. Shall I flip for you?" The girl said nothing. Death sighed. "I'll take that as a yes."

Into the air the coin soared. It span seven times before landing angel side up. Death looked at the girl and smiled. "Congratulations, you've won yourself another life."

At Death's remark, the girl trembled and shook violently. Tears ran down her cheeks as her body faded away into a soft white light. The last thing Death remembered was the sound she made, one of an animal in pain. The twisted noise haunted her mind for a few days.

Just as Death had erased the scene from her memory, the girl was back at her door step. There was another clean cut on her neck, this time slightly deeper than the first. Death paid it no mind and flipped the coin once more, again landing angel side up. Again, the girl faded into a bright light.

An hour later, the girl was back again, a messy gash going across the front of her neck. Death sat there, annoyed at the situation. "I have many others to attend to," she said to the girl. Once more, the coin was thrown and the angel smiled again. "Accept your fate, girl, and begone!" 

A day later, the girl was at her doorstep once more. Her neck and wrists were slit, and her hands were covered in blood. Her face was sullen. Her eyes looked as though they had burrowed deeper into her skull. 

Before Death could lash out, she was hit with a sudden realization. There was a heavy feeling in Death's chest as she finally understood what was going on. She let out a deep sigh. It wasn't a new occurrence. Many a man had committed such a deed after failure in life. But to see such a young girl acting this way saddened Death. It was odd for her to feel such pity for a person.

"Little girl," began Death, "tell me why it is you keep coming back."

But the girl said nothing.

Death asked her again, "Why do you keep coming back?"

Again there was no reply.

Death knew this wasn't a part of her job. This wasn't something that would be accepted. But she needed to change the girl's mind. Death picked up the coin, turned it over, and slammed it atop the table. 

The girl's eyes widened in horror as she realized what Death had done. She grasped the sides of her face, a bloodcurdling scream escaping her lips. "How could you do this!? Why are you forcing me back into this torture!?"

"You need to learn the merits of life," she replied in a calm voice. "There is so much out there for you."

"You lie!" she screamed. Most of her body had faded to white. All that was left was her face. "There is nothing for me! You don't know anything about---"

And then she was gone.

Death stood there for a moment to regain her composure. "Time is going to be angry with me," she muttered. Death hoped that the girl understood her intentions.

It wasn't until a few months later that Death was met with the girl once more.  The girl's body was bruised and bloody. Her face was turned towards the floor as she shuffled towards Death.

Death greeted her, "Hello again." 

No reply. 

A knot was starting to form in Death's throat. "How was it? Did you find something up there that made you happy?"

Again, the girl didn't answer.

Death's stomach was turning as she looked once more at the poor girl's disheveled figure. She noticed her jaw was broken from the way it dangled loosely off her skull. The scars on her neck was healed, but the skin was a sickly purple. There was blood around her legs.

Death looked away. This was her fault.

She knew what had to be done. She picked up the coin once more and tossed it high into the air. It hovered over the table for a few moments before a loud clang echoed through the hallway. The girl lifted her head slightly, gazing at the coin's outcome.

A snarling demon greeted her.

Suddenly, she flung herself into Death's arms, sobs escaping her throat. Death held her trembling body. The girl's breathing began to slow. She gradually slid out of Death's arms. As she took her last breath, she mouthed the words, "Thank you."

This was a daily occurrence for Death. She had lain to rest many a tired soul. She felt nothing as she laid the girl's soul into the lake of eternal slumber. However, it wasn't until many years later that Death smiled again. Even Time, as jovial as he was, could not make Death lips even twitch.

From that day onward, Death never again took the outcome of the coin toss into her own hands. She left it up to fate.