“Boosh! Kapow! WAAAAAAH”

The little gray bar moved, filling a little.

“Daddy! It moved! I hit the soldier and it moved!”

Daddy peeked over his newspaper, mumbled “that’s great, buddy. Way to go.”  He flicked the newspaper and ducked back behind it.

“I’m going to hit some more!”

Toby hadn’t seen it move before, what a treat! He lined up some more of his green soldiers like bowling pins, took aim, and sailed his red Hot Wheels car straight through. “YAAAAAARAAAAAAH!” Toby screamed for his little soldiers, and his gray bar moved again, a lot. That scream got daddy’s attention.

“Listen, Wilhelm, I know you’re having fun, but maybe you could take it outside? Daddy’s trying to read his sports.”

Toby started trying to explain something he didn’t have the words for. “But Daddy, I hit the men and my magic bar moved! And my name isn’t Wilhelm!”

The newspaper dropped enough for Daddy’s mustache to peek over. It bristled when he spoke. “Wilhelm is just a scream they use in...you know what, it’s okay, you’re Toby. Why don’t you go play with your power wheels and see if hitting Ms. Bluebelly’s lawn gnomes moves your gray bar?” And up went the newspaper. 

Toby yelled “Great idea, Daddy!” He ran right past the dog and out the front door. The newspaper went back up.

Toby sailed down the front stairs and dragged his car with the red flames out from under the porch. He slammed the key into the ignition and peeled out, black streaks of smoking plastic left on the driveway as he drove to the sidewalk.

Toby did a quick scan of her yard through her rose bushes before brazenly entering her property, looking for a gnome. They could be hard to see in all that underbrush, and there weren’t many left...most of them now lived under Toby’s back porch. After a few minutes of looking, he saw a pointy red hat sticking out of some long grass.

“Cha-ching! Here I come, gnome!”

Toby aimed for the gnome and floored it, smashing through the long grass and barreling right into it. It was perfect! The gnome took flight toward the house, sailing right through the front window. 

“Whaaaaaaaaaaaa!” A scream came from the window, followed by ten cats and then a wrinkled old prune. “Toby! This is the last straw, I’m going to tell your father!”

Toby wasn’t listening, though. He was watching the gray bar fill more, nearly to the end. “I’ll be back to fix it later Mrs. Bluebutt. Hah!” He tried backing his car up, but it was trapped by the wet, long grass, and the wheels just spun.

Toby saw the front door open, and then a broom came out, followed by the prune it was attached to. Toby hauled ass toward a hole in the hedges separating their property, diving back through to his own yard. It’d take some time for the hag to get over to his yard, and he already had a plan...

Daddy heard all the screaming and ran out to see what happened, newspaper in hand. “Toby, what did you do?!?” 

He hadn’t seen Toby yet, sneaking around to the back door. Mrs. Bluebelly was almost to their driveway, Toby would have to be quick. He found the screen door locked, but figured out a way in. He reached under the back porch for a pilfered lawn gnome and ran straight into the screen door with it, tearing right through.

Toby could hear more screaming and yelling, and, through the living room window, saw Mrs. Bluebelly pointing to the house while Daddy tried to hide behind his newspaper. Toby ran over to the front door and snatched Daddy’s car keys from a small table. He ran straight to the garage door, threw it open, and hopped in the car.

He’s seen Daddy do this a hundred times. Put the key in, turn it, the car goes vroom. Toby slammed the car door shut and pulled on the gearshift, slotting it firmly into the R position. The car started moving backwards, slowly, but stopped at the door. 

“Hmm...what else does Daddy do?” Toby scratched his head and then remembered there was something to push with his feet. He dropped down into the footwell and saw two pedals. He pushed one with his feet and the engine roared to life, plowing right through the door and down the driveway. He heard two thumps, and the gray bar filled all the way. It flashed, and Toby smiled. He now knew what it meant. He was meant to be a driver.