As Jack looked through the peephole he muttered to himself, "Again?". Jack had been visited by two men in suits every Sunday for the past month and he had no idea why. They would ask him a few strange questions and would promptly leave. He knew he had no choice but to open the door so he did just that. The two men towered above him, at least a foot taller than him. They looked nearly identical. Black suit, black tie, black sunglasses, black earpiece. The only distinguishing characteristic was their hair color with John having black hair and Nicholas having brown hair. 

"Good morning, sir" they greeted him in unison.
"Morning, John. Morning, Nick" Jack replied, clearly annoyed by their presence.
"We would like to ask you some questions" John explained.
"I know, we've been through this. Can you cut to the chase? My favorite show in coming on soon"
"Yes, sir", they said in unison. Nicholas began, "Sir, what do you think about homework? Many students are protesting to get rid of it but many parents are saying that it is an essential part of the learning process."
"Homework is pretty stupid, those kids are right"
"Okay, sir. So to clarify you're saying we should eliminate homework?"
"Yeah, and we should get rid of tests too. They're a waste of everybody's time."
The two men were speechless and tried hard to mask their concern. "Yes sir" they said before John moved on to the next question. "Moving on, what do you think we should do about our world's divide on basic issues like guns? How should we get everyone to agree?"
"It's quite simple, we should host a worldwide mandatory popular vote for every topic and that will decide everything. Every year the same votes will be done to see if anything should be changed."
"At what age is someone allowed to vote?"
"Let's say... 10. Sure, why not?" Jack said nonchalantly.
"Yes sir. That will be all, you can go back to watching your show. Thank you for your time sir." they said as they left. Jack had no idea what his actions would lead to until a few days later when he got a letter for him to submit his votes. 