I turn off the monitor, nothing.

Set, I did it.  I saw Ra swallow the planet whole just as you promised.

I've seen it now many times, many planets, my own was no different - but I figured, maybe this would change things somehow?  I don't know what I expected, at this point - anything, just something else aside from this... existence.

It never changes, no matter where I go - the universe is just as cruel and unfair as any place on earth, if you have - then you are set.  Have not... ...*it's just better to have.*

Is this what he really wanted me to see?  That I was so foolish, to think we deserved as much?  To think that everyone should be treasured?

If that's what he's after, he can fuck right off.  That's the one thing human I'll hold forever... But with how humanity ended, I guess I can't really call it 'human' afterall.

I guess, it's the one thing of ME then.  Even here in this low-rent place I can see the others judging, looking down on everyone - especially some soft-skin like me.  But hey, they take Republic Denoms so they'll tolerate someone spending as much as I am on this shit attempt at a whiskey.

"Humanity's one contribution to the universe" they say, no one even knows what a Human looks like, we're the cautionary tale - the boogeymen.  I wonder what these people would say if they knew this little soft-skinned creature was a Human, They don't even know they only have Whiskey because I spent thousands of years making it, passing down the tradition.  It made me rich beyond my dreams, I tried spreading all the wealth I could, help everyone I could.... but even that grew old.

Nothing held its interest anymore... maybe I could go back and teach those idiots how to brew Whiskey again...

Who knows, maybe I'm the one out of touch anymore, in fact there's no maybe about it.

I feel disconnected from everything.  What even is there to do anymore?

"Well, if you can't give up on it, change it."

I look around quickly, searching the room... nothing but the eyes that have been resting on me normally.  That sounded like him though... Set.

"What do you mean?"  I question the air, but of course no response.

The looks have become weirder, time to move on.  I get up and pay my bill, tipping well - both the bartender and the bouncer, don't want any trouble following me out.

Is that what you want Set?  To be proven wrong?  Or are you still trying to prove me wrong?  Well, whatever it is - I think I may just change it then.  The whole damned republic for a start.