We creatures in the night were meant to scare children. *Children.* We're not supposed to go on these rescue missions. We get handed to a kid to scare the daylights out of, they grow up, we move on. Adults can have horrible repercussions if we attempt to scare them.


...Sigh.


What else? We'd be out of work, both of us, till either the kid would die or somehow become fearless of us. The serpent that curled under his bed would have to resort to hunting for food since he could no longer eat the kid's good dreams. And I, the morphing hound, wouldn't be able to haunt his nightmares, consuming his fear. We did make a good team, after all; the snake opened up the path for me to walk into his dreams. 


So our boy has been taken. His parents were gone for the night and left a babysitter. Mind you this is a rather rich family so they are often targeted for such attacks. After they knocked out the sitter, they grabbed the boy before we could do much against it- for they had guns. We were still monsters, after all, of flesh and blood. Silver blood, in my case. We stood no chance against that. 


The men were even more horrible than we. They physically abused him, nearly broke his arm as they dragged him out of the kitchen getting cheeze-its for a snack. We can only hope that he was okay now, for we were far away from the house. My partner had wrapped his body around mine, and we've since been on the road for hours. My keen nose could track the truck that carried him, no matter the age or speed. If he was there, I knew. And it'd take two days, and I could feel my fellow was growing hungry. Thankfully we were in the woods, and I was able to feed on the fear of the animals that I'd pause to chase. 


Five days. The poor boy. I've been on this trail so long. We found a house in the middle of the woods and the monster that lived inside the house graciously let my partner eat. He'd need the food for a few hours later we finally found the shack he was being kept in. It was unguarded, no less, so I could easily trot up to the door. However I recoiled before the serpent heard any, the noise was... disturbing. To say the least. I'm not going to repeat it here, it's something that no child should ever go through. This place was far too remote for the screams to carry. 


My partner released his coils, and I took a deep breath. "Go in there and see if you can't open the door." I spied a hole in the glass window, it was very old and worn. He slithered through with ease, and after a minute the door clicked and I could shoulder in. The sound assaulted my ears even more. "Draw them out here. They'll think you're a snake, so just act like one." And off he went, a slow crawl along the floor. And just to plan, a shrill cry came from one man as the other groaned. And so the noise stopped, and I heard footsteps enter the room- both failing to check behind them. 


By the time that my partner disappeared, I'd already taken up residence in the doorway between them and our boy. At first I just stood as the other swore up and down about leaving the door open and letting a mutt in to the other. But before they could draw their gun, I changed. My fur became dark and heavy; a bristle made several spikes. Teeth turned into fangs capable of ripping anything I wanted to shreds. And from the size of a lab I turned into something the size of a bear, barely fitting in the doorway. And before they could scream, I was already upon them. And as one fell to my teeth and claws, left a shell as I fed on his fears; the other would be suffocated, any good memories while he died would be devoured, leaving neither man nothing but their ill deeds as the life drained from their eyes. 


When both were dead and gone I turned back to my usual shape of a chocolate lab, and faced the child. He wasn't cowering, which was strange, even as the serpent quickly went into the room and untied the ropes that held him on a table while I found his clothing. He pulled them on without a fuss. I wondered what got into the kid, usually he would be screaming at this point. Even as I came up and licked one of his wounds softly. Then, for once, I was surprised. 


He *hugged* me. And a moment later I realized he had pulled the snake into it too. No more than five years old, and he was hugging the hound and serpent that just effortlessly killed two men. The same pair that have been giving him nightmares for *years*. But... What the hell? Why not. We did just spare him a horrible fate, until the police would have gotten here. 


So from a Lab I changed into the larger Great Pyrenees, a suitable dog to carry the weight and handle the distance. He was 'buckled' in by the snake wrapping around his torso then wrapping around me so he would fall off. These mountain dogs were boundless energy, and I could make the return trip home in three days. Oh, the child was hungry, but he needed to get home. Humans were resilient, he was able to make it. 


And for once, the adults didn't seem scared of us, even with the snake holding him onto my back. They held still as we approached, then I knelt as the snake unraveled to let the boy go. The news was very fast to cover this, and we'd find pictures of ourselves all over human media for weeks until it finally let off. And the boy was no longer fearful of us, so we needed to be reassigned. 


Good thing the next kid in line lived two doors down. 