Mory, Mallin, Bella and Fames, the four young girls who were settled with me after the war. There wasn't much left of the cities, and I was just glad it didn't go nuclear. Today, looking at the TV, my illusion of humanity finally learning its lesson was shattered. China was gearing up to finish what North Korea started. Claimed our crop failures were staged, that we were just trying to get payback for what they essentially forced us into letting North Korea do. Personally, I think they should have gone the MAD route, rather than this limited exchange bullshit. Thinking about my life with my newfound daughters, I thought about how they came to me.

Fames was always thin, but strangely healthy and strong looking. She'd actually put on some weight under my care, perhaps my cooking was that good? Either way, she seems to be looking positively radiant these days, probably her new boyfriend. She was always chronically underweight, but these days it seemed like she was finally approaching something healthy. I couldn't say the same for Malin.

Malin was assigned to me next. There were a lot of kids needing help and I was one of the few people qualified to take care of her needs. She's always been sickly, from a host of genetic conditions to being a bit, I'll call it portly. Acne was terrible for the poor girl, but with a lot of effort on both our parts, we managed to get that under some level of control as well. She was trying to calm Bella down now. 

Mory was with me, looking at the TV, not the least bit surprised. Her arrival on my doorstep was a bit more of a shock. Apparently, she made it here, on foot, from Chicago. Damn long hike, but she seemed to have taken it in stride. She was also the oldest of them. She didn't have Malin's health problems, or Fames' weight issues. What she did have, however, is one of the most cold and calculating minds I'd ever encountered. We often joked with eachother just who was the colder person. Looking at the TV, neither of us was joking today. 

Bella was the most recent addition to our family. She was usually the one who told jokes. She was also very active, always into sports, especially combat sports. She could beat up just about any boy in her class, and if she couldn't beat them up she could definitely out run or out shoot them. Believe it or not, her frame wasn't one of nearly body builder proportions, which is impressive seeing as she can bench press almost as much as I weigh. Along with her sense of humor, she could be quite the hothead. Especially when someone stole her boyfriend, which is exactly what Fames did.

"Maybe you should talk to her dad. Mally's probably not going to get through to her, and she only comes to me *after* she's done something she regrets." Mory is right, and I know it. I've also been wondering exactly how convince Bella that beating Fames to a nearly dead pulp wasn't the answer. I got up, still thinking about how my daughters and I had met, and how the world had developed around them. I'd hoped they'd get to see adulthood. Then the realization struck me.

Fames always looked better, despite having less weight, whenever there was a massive crop failure. Despite her apparent sicklines, Malin was at her strongest when I was deathly ill. Mory was happiest when the others got along, and Bella usually cheered up when global tensions were at their highest.

Fames was Famine, Malin was Pestilence, Mory was Death.

Bella was War. 

There were a lot of things I knew about, but the one that I didn't like to talk about was war. More specifically, how to get ready for one and how to survive once hostilities got started. I'd also had some time to ponder the different methods of war one could use. Being drafted, then given field commission, does that to you. I come to Bella's room, and I can hear her yelling at Malin.

"THAT'S NOT THE POINT MAL! SHE STOLE MY BOYFRIEND! THAT BITCH STOLE MY FUCKING BOYFRIEND. YOU DON'T JUST LET THAT GO. YOU WOULDN'T EVEN KNOW YOUR TOO DAMN UGLY TO GET ONE!" Now that wasn't something I was going to just sit and let Malin take. I knock on the door. Hard. 

"You don't call your sister those names, Apologize." Of all my daughters, the hardest to intimidate was Bella. You'd think it was Mory, but I'll share this with you: Shots, Blood, Doctors, Peace Rallies, she got nervous around those. Bella actively sought out Blood and Peace Rallies. 

Looking at me, then down, then at Malin, she says, still angry, "Sorry Malin. I'm mad at her, not you." I look at Malin. She's still deeply hurt. I offer a hug, which she takes. I then stare back at Bella.

"Give us a minute, you and I need to talk." 

"Oh, so you can tell me how it's all going to be OK? How I'm just supposed to take this sitting down? Maybe you're too much of a pussy to go get some but..." The look in my eyes says it all. There's killing, then there's torture. I'm being pushed closer to the second with every word.

I hold Malin for a few moments. "I know you're hurt. She shouldn't have said that. I think you and I both know she's just mad and yelling at everybody right now. Yes?" She nods, then lets go, walks to her room, and closes the door.

"Your mad because she took your boyfriend. Your angry because she got the football captain, mister popular, the one everyone else wanted, yes?"

"What could you know, you didn't even meet anyone until after highschool." She has a point. Fitting that she has such a sharp tongue.

"I can give you one of two things. Platitudes about how there's better people out there, or a plan of action that will get you what you really want. For the second thing, you'll need to deal with some of the first."

"What advice could you have on winning someone back?"

"I can tell you what I did with traitors." I pull her chair from her desk, and take a seat. "It wasn't try to turn them to the light, it was keep them from hurting us ever again. I ask you, why go back to him, he's made his bed, he can lie in it."

"THATS THE WHOLE DAMN POINT! WHY DOES SHE GET AWAY WITH EVERYTHING I'M GOING TO KILL THAT..." She starts getting up to deliver what is probably going to be a lethal beating. What I say next manages to stop her cold.

"There's more than one way to destroy something." My tone conveys the wisdom I'm hoping I'm about to share. It also conveys a reverence that shows I know who, and what, I'm talking to.

"Go on." I've piqued her interest.

"There's physical force, yes, but there's also economics. Did you ever stop to consider that she's got quite a few enemies besides yourself. Not just that, but really, I think you and I both know she's going to have a hard time getting into a high end college with her grades. You on the other hand, I honestly think your brain matches your brawn, you just choose to let that sit idle." She's still looking at me, waiting for some sort of punch line. I deliver the first part.

"Tsun Tzu once said that crushing your enemy in battle wasn't the acme of skill, that subduing your opponent without fighting is. She took your boyfriend, OK, why not take her future? Why not, say, get yourself into those good colleges, land someone who has the looks and energy to exceed, what's his name?" 

I didn't like this guy much, and with him, as far as I was concerned cheating on one of my daughters, I was going to have a bit of a word with him. A conversation if you will, but I'd be talking a lot more with my hands than my mouth.

"Chad," answered Bella. 

"Right, punching bag," I think knowing what I was going to do to this kid made her feel a little better. "Why not find yourself someone who will be stronger, smarter, and richer than Chad is ever going to be. You've proven your loyalty, after all, he broke off with you. You've also shown restraint, seeing as you haven't pummeled him yourself. My point is, the best revenge here will be living well overall, letting this high school thing go. I did, and I've had nothing but success and happiness for it. That way, a few years down the road, when Fames inevitably falls on hard times, you'll be there to say, 'Remember Chad. Yeah, me too.'" I could tell my words had the desired effect. 

"Samiel, uh, I mean, dad?" She asks. 
"Yes Bell," I answer.
"Are you, uh, I mean, do, uh..." I know what she's going to ask. I simply shrug my shoulders. And maybe my wings a little too.