I walked kind of frantically towards the door at the end of the hall. It was super eerie and quiet all around me, I felt like at any moment someone, or something, was going to pop out of one of the doors surrounding me and do only God knows what. I quickened my pace towards the sound of the blues being blasted out of a harmonica.

It sounded more and more like something out of an old western prison scene as I grew nearer. The passion and anguish tugged at my heart with every note. I almost forgot how goddamn hot it was down here.

As I neared the entrance to the door the music stopped suddenly and a whiny voice called out to me, "Fuck off then, mate. Get the fuck out of here with the rest of them." 

I opened the door and almost had a heart attack. Before me sat a massive creature, he looked as though he was 10 feet tall and sat slouched on a throne of skulls. "What the fuck yer doin' 'ere then? I told ya fuck off."

"Satan....y-you're Satan?" I stammered.

"No ya bloody idiot, I'm Santa Clause." 

"Why are you talking in an Englis...no, Australian accent?"

"Well, obviously, because I'm from down under, now leave before I kill you."

"But-"

"I said FUCK OFF!" the devil interrupted me. "Leave with the rest of them, Hell isn't cool anymore. Once God, that cunt....once He decided to take all the 'cool kids' back Hell is the worst place in the universe."

"But isn't...nevermind, why would He want to take all of them back into heaven? Isn't the point to punish them for eternity?"

"Well, that's what the bastard is doing, you humans got it all wrong. You see you always had a choice of where to go...it's just based on your character as a default. No one is being punished, but there's just two different choices, one for the losers, Heaven, and one for the cool kids, Hell. Down here, man could we fuckin party mate! And the girls, oh, the girls...Anyways, this fuckin loser's son Jesus started telling everyone drugs and alcohol were bad and would ruin eternity for them and now the dipsticks are all scared of me because of what they learned on Earth, and Jesus's fuckin lies!"

"So let me get this straight, you, the Devil, Lucifer, the ultimate corrupter, are sitting here sulking all because Jesus stole your bitches?"

Satan sulked and slumped further in his chair. "They have everyone whose ever lived up there now. We'll never reopen now."

"No, we're going to fix this. Now sit up and listen to me you fuckin pussy!"

Satan sat up and looked at me inquisitively. 

"All we gotta do is remind everyone that you can't die down here, yanno because we're already dead..."

Satan sat up a little straighter and urged me on with his eyes. The loneliness seemed to give way to something...something that resembled hope.

"So..."

"So? So what?!!?!" His voice rumbled through the chamber.

"So, we just need to bring the party back to hell! Don't you have a drug dealer or something? And booze, we need booze and girls. Grey goose and some Patrón-"

"Did someone say El Patrón? You know what they say, speak of the..."

"Don Pablo!!!" The devil screamed like a preteen girl at the sight of Justin Bieber. I was utterly speechless, who knew killing yourself could turn into such a fuckin hassle.

"Mijo, listen to me, I know how to bring everyone back down to our fiesta." I stood there looking like a slack-jawwed idiot as I watched the devil get up from the throne he sat upon and make way for THE Pablo Escobar. Pablo sauntered up to the steps and slowly ascended to the throne.

"Wait, hold on a minute, you're the one in charge down here? That's-" the Devil slapped me so hard I flew back 20 feet into a wall. 

"Do not speak ill of Don Pablo."

"Now listen to me, Diablo, mijo, we have a shipment coming in from Hades soon, when that comes in mis asociados will begin to push it to the low lives on the streets of Heaven. Your little friend here can get naked and head into the packaging room and we can discuss bringing Zeus and Ares over to discuss...business."

"Wait, wait! Hold on, let me help you guys I stuck around when no one else did don't make me your bitch please Don Pablo." I begged for mercy for the first time in my existence that day, not from God or from the Devil himself, but none other than Pablo Fucking Escobar. The Columbian cocaine emperor. Literally the most powerful man to ever exist.

"Mm. Okay pinche puta, you can help us. When the shipment arrives you can transport it to Heaven for us, and soon we will restore our Home to its former glorious state of debauchery."

And so began my eternal service to the real Devil himself. We flooded the streets of Heaven with sweet Peruvian booger sugar and brought some of the toughest party animals of all time back down to the dark side. Genghis Kahn, Joseph Stalin, Ben Franklin, Thomas Edison, and Chris Farley were among the first to return. For the next 1000 years we let the party rage, stealing the bitches back from Jesus and God and never sleeping thanks to Don Pablo's multiple plugs. I think at one point I banged Lindsay Lohan for like 3 months, but that was a rough patch and may have just been her career. It was the sickest rager in the history of eternity, and nothing changed until the turn of the next millenia, humans on Earth had finally done away with cigarettes entirely...and Keith Richards showed up.

