It is so quiet.  Too quiet.  

Everything is this blur of warmth and relaxation.  It's like a Christmas morning and you are still all the way under the blanket, toasty and full of promise.  Details linger into focus and the bright lights of the distant towers.  I realize I'm standing as I stumble when it all comes crashing into shape.  My eyes feel strange, and it is incredibly bright.

A doorway lies before me, appears torn open... jagged metal on one side and knock flat on the other.  The walls stretch from the strange fog at my feet up to what seems like miles.  In the distance, I can see this wall curve off miles away to the very edge of the horizon.  Every dozen miles is a tower lit brightly by fires.  A hear a pop as a distant tower collapses and it's light begins to fade.

"Hello..."  I half mutter, afraid what might answer.

How did I get here?  I thought I was driving...  where is the place and what happened.

"Anybody?"  Now said in a whisper, as I step over the flattened door and into whatever lies beyond. 

My own footsteps are the only thing I hear as the entrance fades behind me and the darkness envelopes me.  I can see the tiniest flicker of light far ahead of me and it drives me forward.

What seems like hours pass and the light grows only slightly larger.  I plod on, fighting some questions and whispering the rest as if these halls might answer.

"Which place is this... none of this feels real but somehow..."

"...I know."

"I am not asleep."

"I'm... fuck"

I trip and nearly fall face first into the smooth stone sidewall.  As I catch myself, leaning on the wall and turn, a hand grabs at my ankle.  Before I can scream another obscenity and pull away, the hand slides free relaxed of its grip.

I breathe.  Loudly.  Almost as a statement.  Even in this twilight, I can make out the shadow of a young girl now lying perfectly still with her left arm outstretched towards my foot.  On her back are a pair of enormous feathered wings, light enough to show in this dim light and easily six foot each.  Her diminutive frame looked so very fragile in comparison.

I sat down next to her dead body and held her lifeless hand for a second.  The skin was parchment pale and divine like silk.  I stood up quickly upon realizing the blood on the floor.  The light off in the distance suddenly jerked forward.

"You bastard!" I screamed, jerking into a full blown run into the darkness.  

I wasn't sure what was ahead.  I ran faster, it didn't seem like I was getting tired even. I ran as fast as I ever have, panting loudly and painfully but with strange boundless energy.  I pushed hard with every step, driven like a madman.  The walls of the place begin to show their true colors - a light amber color with fine gold and silver patterns etched into it.  Every hundred yards, another winged body... but I kept the pace.   Bloody hand prints on fine tapestries.  Keep.  Running.

It took minutes for the light to grow into the flame of a torch.  It moved about much more and I could hear some noise ahead.

I bounded towards it screaming...

"Hold on already!"

Then I saw it.  Not the thing with the torch.  The thing holding the thing with the torch.   The shadow of what looked like a giant man, hunched over another "angel" holding a torch that she then dropped.  As the man turned to me, I could hear the bones of the poor thing it held cracking with a horrible sound of gurgling blood and cracking twigs.  

It's eyes...

Suddenly, my life flashes before my eyes.  The good parts.  My first big kid bicycle ride, what a perfect summer day.  The really good parts.  My first time making love and actually getting it right.  So, technically the fourth time.  And the stuff no ones knows I thought or did... her face.  Oh my god, no...

"Do you believe you are worthy?" The walls themselves seem to speak in a deep angry bass.

It all flashes by so much faster than I can take.  The bullying.  The lies.  Skipping church... it just stopped.

"What?" The voice cracked a bit. "Is that all there is?"

"Yes" A different yet identical voice answered.

"Lies.  That's a start... what lie?"

Confused, I spoke to my defense. "I lied about getting my report card."

"Ah ha."  The voice seemed pleased.

I continued... "My sister got an F and I was covering for her."

A deafening roar.  The walls and floor shook and eerie cracks appeared in them both.

The voice boomed, "Next.  What else!  And don't you fucking start about skipping Church.  The bullying.  Give me something good."

The identical, yet somehow unique voice responded.  "Umm."

"Umm, what?"

I remembered this one and chuckled a bit.  "I threatened to spit gum in my sister's hair every week she skipped Church after she made me and we got caught."

The only sound you could hear for the next few seconds was the dying torch crackling ever so gently.  I breathed again, this time realizing I have only been doing it for effect.  In this desperate quiet, the giant man just looks at me with his mouth agape.  A giant, naked, bloody old man with long white hair and beard.

Oh great, I just figured out my heart isn't beating either.

Yeah, I'm definitely dead.

Suddenly the angry voice thundered, "Nothing else, no other sins.  What did you even do with your life?  How can any man with all that money, all that fame not turn evil?"

I straightened my shoulders and responded, "I am ... was an actor. I just tried to be a good person along the way."

The voice hammered me even harder, I could feel my very core shaking with each syllable. 

"I know exactly who you are, Keanu."
