Twenty-nine.  As much as societal culture esposes views of hope, freedom, and the potential for anything when you’re coming up on thirty, I remind myself that is only half my culture.  I might live in Georgia but I ain’t the definition of free.

Women in America have a decent position in society.  80 cents on the dollar for work is definitely unfair, but I’d never really see myself living anywhere else.  Women in my specific position, however, are torn between so many different cultures telling you what is and is not acceptable.

My Ammi was born in Pakistan, but grew up in America.  I’ve never found anyone else in the world that is as perpetually happy as she is.  Lordy, I sure as hell ain’t a fountain of smiles and rainbows.  My sister can grin and bear it better than I can, but she too is not the Goddess of ‘’making do” that our mother is.  Ammi too had an arranged marrige, just as she was finishing her undergrad, and has had a loving marriage with my father all my life.  I wish I was that flexible.

Abu, as much as he will point to his many-failed political campaigns to deny it, represents a lot of stereotypes about Indian men.  Not quite like those sex-crazed creeps you might see on facebook, but still has a very Desi demeanor.  He grew up in Hyderabad, India, and emigrated to America for his graduate degree and marrying my mother, whose parents had been family friends before they went to Pakistan.  He bounced around a couple fields while my mother was finishing Med School, but landed on the sale of medical supplies internationally, although he always had a passion (without talent) for politics.  Neither great conversation starters, but my parents together more than paid the bills, bought some land and rented some houses, and I think their marriage was happy.

Until my stubbornness, that is.  My father, as much as I love him, is not a man I would want to marry.  His desi demeanor shows most often in his control over our family, and I’ve been feeling the yoke for awhile now.  I commuted to Georgia Tech for a degree in Environmental Engineering, but really was more interested in my minor of Health and Society.  But there weren’t really any other options of college-living away from home would have been heavily frowned upon.  “Kya kehenge?” -“What will they say?”- was my father’s go-to answer, after I got my hopes up at a variety of scholarships that would have allowed me to go to Northwestern.  He always liked to shirk off the weight of his decisions and opinions; our family, the neighbors, and the other Ahmadis were frequent scapegoats of his definition of “they.”

So I lived at home, following directly in my sisters’ footsteps.  Commuted to school in a decent car, informed my parents of my every movement, and was never alone with a boy, due to my own internalized fears of “Kya kehenge?”  I had some stifled crushes, and more than once I knew there were some crushes on me.  All left to rot, as I knew my destiny meant staying within my small community.  Even though Muslim men can marry outside the faith, that same freedom is not permissible due to Nikah.  

I watched my sister marry a foreign Indian from Dubai who she didn’t actively dislike when she was 25.  As far as arranged marriages in America go, she’s made it work well enough.  Granted, the guy continues to appear to have no personality or desires at all, and it is a testament to my Fehmida’s strength that allows her to almost single handedly raise her daughter and work as a state senator.  

After our father’s many failiures, we were almost groomed to be ideal candidates to represent our community in politics.  “Nayaab, don’t get your nose pierced!  It’s unprofessional.”  “Are you sure you want to wear Hijab, Fehmida?  You shouldn’t embrace things just because your mother does.”  Comments like this were omnipresent in our household, picking and choosing the parts of Desi Ahmadi culture do display to the world-and more importantly to appeal to voters.  Unlike my sister, I had failed badly in several runs, and unlike Abu, knew the time to call it quits.  

Since about 2012, I’ve been working around Atlanta, more of for self-respect and personal fulfillment than a six-figure salary.  I haven’t gone to grad school mainly due to my constriction to Georgia, and I haven’t run for office since 2015.  But since graduation, I’ve been recurringly introduced to man after man, all Ahmadi.  Some from America, a couple from Europe, decent number from the Gulf, but mostly from Pakistan and India.  I asked Abu why we didn’t have any marriage introductions to African Ahmadi, and my father begrudgingly found a couple token Nigerians and Tanzanians.  To his credit, they weren’t any better than the subcontinental Ahmadis.   Some guys have been okay, especially those who grew up in the west, but I am not someone who just can settle.  I want someone with ethics, religion, and, most of all, someone I can have fun with, and be myself.

On my birthday a year ago, my parents staged a mini-intervention, as I was past 27-the end of arranged marriage age desirability-and I had rejected exactly 46 proposals thus far.  Hundreds more if you include the people I didn’t meet in person.  I was accused of being too picky, and not understanding what a burden it was to them.  I laid my aforementioned wants out, using some examples from my friends and past crushes of what I look for in a husband.  I offered to look myself for an Ahmadi husband, knowing full well I probably wouldn’t get anywhere as I was not dying to be married right now nor had access to their networks among Ahmadis to find suitors.  My parents reluctantly agreed, and that was the last I heard of my marriage for a year.

That hiatus ended this evening.  True to my prediction, I did next to nothing on my husband search, and my parents believed I had not held up my side of the bargain.  While I sat around doing nothing, they had searched themselves for someone they thought I would love-who fit my personality, who would be a good husband, who was religious but wouldn’t stifle me, and, most of all, who was fun.  I was informed of this 4 hours ago, of my husband-to-be that I will marry tomorrow morning.

Their pictures of him were not unattractive.  Arshad was my height, who was born in Canada and spoke Urdu, English, and French.  He dressed fashionably, had good hair, and an impeccably kept goatee.  He even was a lawyer at a top firm in Dallas.  I was told this decision was final after suffering through a 2 hour powerpoint presentation about how he was perfect for me, and retired to my room with much to think about.