"Please... not again... just, give me the rest of the day off, I need a break..." I begged, knowing that there would be no reprieve. I'd already used all my vacation time, and there's no such thing as sick leave in this line of work. Being injured or ill wouldn't make a difference unless it was so bad that my adrenal system stopped working, and at that point I'd probably be past the point of caring.

My manager didn't say anything. She simply reached out with one of her tentacles, and flipped a switch.

Suddenly I was plummeting through the air, the ground far below me and rapidly growing closer. Beneath me, jagged rocks grew more defined as the distance closed, until I could make out the very peak where I would likely impact and break my spine, if I were ever to land...

...But I didn't land. The simulation ended, and I was back in my chair, strapped in place as the tube connected to the base of my spine drained what little yield that latest scare had produced. The manager gurgled in a tone that indicated disappointment. The "falling to your death" simulation was the most extreme stimulus they could give me without causing physiological damage, and even that was producing diminishing returns. My run as an adrenaline farm might be coming to an end. I shuddered at the thought that I might be out of a job soon.

She undid my straps and handed me a plastic pouch of water and a protein bar. Those bars are a lot better than the ones we have on Earth. They even sprung for the ones with Rigellian sunberries at my request. I devoured it almost as soon as it was in my hand. This work takes a lot out of a person.

"Would you mind turning on the news?" I asked. We had to wait an hour before trying again. My body needed time to recover, to restore the materials that it would use for its goldmine. I liked to keep abreast of current events. I've never been super political or anything, but staying informed was important to me.

My manager flicked another switch and settled into her own chair beside me as I sipped my water. Ahead of us, the same technology that had sent me hurtling to my doom just moments before brought us into a news room, a panel of experts from several species gathered for some sort of conference. It took a moment to catch on to the subject matter.

"-the victims of these crimes doesn't help anything. A more aggressive law enforcement presence can *only* work alongside comprehensive protections for the humans being taken advantage of!"

"With all due respect, the Settled Party loves to throw around this 'humans are victims' narrative, but that's simply untrue. They've been part of this community for decades now. They know our laws. If they choose to pursue these careers, then they are responsible for the consequences of their actions."

"What you Opaque Partiers never seem to understand is the extreme lack of opportunities most humans find off of their home planet. Who hires humans? Who's willing to accommodate their unique physical needs? Small businesses don't have the resources to retrofit for them, big corporations have lobbying-"

"I'll have to interrupt you there; we've just received this bulletin. The Galactic Federation has just announced a new policy regarding the use of humans to produce the illicit drug adrenaline. Beginning immediately, any individual suspected to be involved with the production of this drug for recreational or medicinal use is subject to arrest and imprisonment. There is to be no immunity for human participants in these operations. Raids are expected to begin shortly, targeting the biggest manufacturers first. I'll turn this over to the panel. Your thoughts?"

"I'm extremely concerned about how this will affect the Kopul system, where adrenaline has been quasi-legal for some time now. Humans there have enjoyed a certain degree of protection, with local regulations allowing for the production of adrenaline as long as certain guidelines for the subjects are followed. Legalization advocates have long pointed to Kopul as an example of-"

"Are you kidding? The humans in those adrenaline factories are treated *horribly*. They have few benefits, low pay, and no job security. They use methods that lose their effectiveness over time and when a human can't produce anymore they're tossed out into the asteroid field. If-"

My manager flicked the switch again. The room went back to its sterile, empty appearance. The two of us shared a look.

We could be arrested at any moment for what we were doing. Local authorities always looked the other way for our benefit, but they couldn't protect us. And at this point, neither one of us had other options. Once you get into this gig, you're pretty much stuck.

If I ran out of adrenaline before I got arrested, I'd consider my career a success. At that point, I expected either one to happen any day.

When I first started, getting adrenaline out of me was easy. They just had to show me a spider. The creepy things always scared me to death. It didn't even have to be a simulation back then, it could just be a photo. Of course, to get a result they had to get bigger, and more intense, over time. Eventually they had me facing down simulations of spiders bigger than I was, wrapping me up in their webs.

But eventually that didn't work anymore. It's not that I got over my fear of spiders. I'm more scared of them now than ever. But my body just doesn't react to them the way it used to. So they moved onto something different.

I hate that feeling. Being terrified is the worst.

Well, not the worst.

Starving is the worst.

Getting arrested is the worst.

Doing something so horrible I beg in vain not to do it every time? That's just work.