What do you get the man who has everything.

Sometimes he actually felt absurd waiting in a que for an "artisan brewed coffee." He scoffed every time he saw the sign that probably enticed those who hadnt had a cup that wasn't poured into a plastic cup by a college student. Thousand euro meals in the finest places with the finest company; 1945 vintage chateau margoux on the Swiss Rivera, more Michelin stars than he could count in the sky. Yet here he was, at this small coffee shop in Brooklyn had done little to hide their B rating by the food inspector (at one point they actually had the nerve it to substitute the faded "B" in "Best coffee in town" sign.) But, like the others in line he couldn't have cared about the rating as long as they plated the coffee cake the same way day in and day out. Of course he had already seen the recipe in the safe in the small dingy office in the back. In the blink of an eye he  instantly saw the floor plan which led him to explore each room in his mind where he found the safe and looked straight through and at the recipe. It might seem ridiculous that someone who could have this coffee cake appear whenever he wanted come to a coffee shop and wait in line to have it, but his interest was the people in the location rather than the likely contaminated delicacies they served. 

There she was.  He held back his power from reviewing the contexts of her phone, bank statements, memories and thoughts; it was more fun to break her down with the powers of observation not required by the powers he obtained. The woman with her hair in a hurried bun, finger nails chewed, concealed only to hide the stress induced pimples and the kicker in this hand that royal flush hand of a person waiting to snap, a student ID badge. Now that could be meaningless to the less astute antagonist however at this time of the year exams, essays and projects no doubt dangled over her like the mobile over a crib of impending academic devastation. Not to mention the harsh reality of unemployment by the look of those sociology text books.  He struggled to contain a smirk and the thrill of his own Sherlockian assessment (he had been alive long enough to meet the man had he not been a fictional character.) This part only heightened the process of this modern, urban hunt. He knew exactly how to proceed.

He stepped out of the back of the line and walked just about to where she was standing while pulling out his cell phone and placing it to his ear. He took a few seconds to look at the menu and squinted as if his vision couldn't count the pours on the mans face through the way six buildings away. The woman noticed him out of the corner of her vision just as he backed  into her with his bag and stepping right in front of her in line. His heart skipped a beat and he could hardly breath as he awaited in anticipation of her reaction. 

How did it get this point? It wasn't long ago (relative to his lifetime) that he was first honing his skills and responsible for small suspected serial killings that went unsolved in the 1700s. His affinity for corruption grew as did his power and the larger the larger and more auditious the undertaking the more he stretched and grew his powers. Some traits learned and honed such as manipulation and suggestion, others hones and awakened at varied times of his life such as teleportation, manipulation of electronic devices, physical impersonation of others almost nothing was out of his reach. He had been responsible for natural disasters with mass devastation financially which had been genocides of his own doing, unbeknownst to lay people. Two of the largest economy collapses in the 20th century had been a matter of sport. The Great Depression was as simple as manipulating and forging documents. That was too easy however, too simple without any skill in his assessment. The second however was the American housing market crash which lead to the recession in 2008 which required him to befriend financial officers at Lehman Sachs and American banking financial institutes and influence from within which is more cunning and cerebral compared to using his powers. It had actually begun to feel like cheating. How could he have gone from flexing his power, enjoying uncountable riches, instantaneous gratification of any measure (in this world and others, to which he had been.) There was never anything at stake. He could gamble with anyone's life take it, hurt it, seduce a mans wife, double someone's savings in the blink of an eye with a thought but he never lost. The man who had everything but he never felt the consequences. Always under the veil of anonymity for self preservation, or in worst cases wipe someone's memory in a second. It had begun to be a prison; a palace for a coward.

What felt like an hour only seconds had passed but nothing. Not so much as a sigh or a muttering under her breath. He had noticed using his extra vision that she had hardly noticed him. His thrill had suddenly been interrupted by a feeling that had been a stranger to him for decades. Surprise. 

"EXCUSE ME!"
He almost didn't even hear the woman at the back of the line in awe of his indecency. She unsuspectingly chose to bear the mantle that the mouse of a woman behind him dropped before she knew she was wearing it. A second chance. 

"What the fuck do you think you're doing? You were just standing in front of me and you think you can cut all these decent people cause you're times more important, huh? 
She was a woman indeed but resembled something from the pug breed (at least he thought) with a shrill voice that was used to commanding children and a husband who had given up years ago. She turned to the girl behind him, "Honey, maybe you don't care enough to stand up for yourself but it's the fuckin' 21st century and it's time for you to grow up and assert yourself." 

He leaned in towards the woman and said "Why don't you waddle back to the back of the line where you came from and belong." He saw it coming a mile away but let it happen her open hand raised swinging with all of the circular motion she could muster towards his face. He closed his eyes. Then pure unadulterated ecstasy. For a second he actually felt alive, like one of them, a thought that would have disgusted him years ago.

The audacity for her to strike him of all people. He who could have ended her life painfully, instantly, slowly or with a look. He knew any many ways to to ruin her life instead and actually considered them. Whether it be cancel state funding for her disabled son, have her husbands lovers phone send her pictures of their intimate times, give her an incurable disease all of which would have been suitable for this deed.

When he opened his eyes he was met with surprise a second time. The woman, frozen, in full swing follow through. He looked around and saw everything was perfectly stopped and time was standing still. This was a power he had only triggered one other time in a moment of extreme emotion and only scratched the surface of harnessing. While it only lasted for a few seconds the silence and tension in the room after the power vanished were almost indiscernible. Still in the height of his enjoyable sensation he walked out of the room in a daze which I'm sure the woman and people of the coffee shop was a retreat of shame rather than one of pleasure.  

When he stepped outside he took a breath for what felt like 10 minutes and regained his composure. He looked back into the room as the woman was taking her place in the line. The room had resumed its level of activity as if he had never been there. As soon as she reached the back of the line she reached into her bag and saw her phone. He knew what she was reading as he had already set course to the events while time stood still. She burst into tears as she read the text from her husband as he found a multimillion dollar lottery ticket at work. The young girl in line remained in her same spot, as if nothing had happened moments prior. The dean of her college was currently writing an email stating that she had been let go from her university for plagiarizing a recent essay submission, which she most certainly did not do...without his assistance of course.