It was impossible. Surely there was no way such a thing could be real. The news was abuzz with pundits claiming that such a technology was impossible; the more religious of the world claimed that it was nothing short of demonic. The company Hadst Bee had created a device that allowed people to hear the captured in clay, whether they be in clay or otherwise. Of course, the first instinct was clay pots; it was tested in an average pottery class at the local High School. The kid had been talking about drugs or something and ended up getting suspended. It was innocuous... at first. 

While it had been supposedly tested in secret, it had yet to be released into the public. Thus, many doubted the authenticity of the claims made in said school. You had conspiracy theorists everywhere say that it was a new way for the government to spy on us by hearing conversations we had in the past, while others dismissed the entire thing as a "hoax by the globalists." 

The Cheryl Kristel Smolders (CKS) device was built by a mysterious man known as T.H. within the confines of his private company, Hadst Bee. no one could figure out who he was or even where the company headquarters were. This made it all the more suspect and only fuelled such crazy theories. The issues arose when the greater implications were unearthed. If it could be used to extract the secrets hidden so carefully within ancient, clay pottery, what was to say it couldn't do the same for other clay products? Bricks, ovens, and more were all produced by using clay in some way. Now more than ever, people were worried about what the government could do should they decide to use this technology against their citizens.

But all of those fears were dismissed upon release. My family had pre-ordered the device - hoping to also gain the pre-order bonuses that came along with it such as the canvas bag. When it came in, we immediately opened it. Aside from the bag very clearly being nylon and not canvas, we were excited. We had some pottery during a visit to the Grand Canyon and were waiting with baited breath as we placed the device inside. What would we hear? Would we discover what the creators of the artwork were discussing when making the pot? Maybe we were hear something scandalous about how the pots weren't even authentic. 

But no. It was worse.

Much worse. 

We flipped on the device and heard an odd noise that sounded like a horse walking along, pulling a carriage of sorts behind it. After several moments, a voice spoke clear as day:

"Hey, you. You're finally awake. You were trying to cross the border, right? Walked right into that Imperial ambush, same as us, and that thief over there."

Dammit, T.H. Not again.