When it first began, shortly after Ada's fifth birthday, she had been ecstatic. She knew statistically that not everyone had a soulmate, but her fears of being one of them were swayed when in an instant she was looking out of someone else's eyes. She saw someone running, shrieking and playing before coming to a sudden stop as they must have realized what had happened. They both looked down, as was common, and she was surprised to see a bright blue dress covering skinned knees and dark skin. The surprise passed quickly, replaced once more with excitement.

She felt herself look around, making sure her head moved in all directions to take in the park around her for her soulmate to see, before her soulmate does the same. She sees a forest, filled with plants that seem to burst with color, unlike anything she had seen in the dreary city. She drank in the scenery, commiting it to memory as best a child could, before blinking and finding herself back in the park, noticing how dull the grass was in comparison to the woods of her soulmate. With visions of forests and bright blue dresses filling her mind, she ran back to find her parents and tell them what had happened. 

Over the next several years she and her soulmate would continue the traditional steps when the switch hit them, carrying mirrors with them on their when they were eight so they could see each other's faces, exchanging names at twelve. It turned out her soulmates name was Enna, and she had long brown hair that fell in wild curls, with bright eyes that always seemed to sparkle. They would share information by carrying scraps of paper for the other to read, finding out just how much one could read in just a minute. They shared stories and jokes, Enna showing her the cottage in the forest where she and her family lived, while she showed Enna the tiny house she lived in with her parents at the edge of downtown. As they grew older, Ada realized just how easy it would be to fall in love with the girl from the forest, and she counted down the days until their seventeenth birthdays, after which they could finally tell each other where they lived. 

Her mother was just as excited for her, greeting each new piece of information with happy smiles and warm embraces. Her father seemed less happy about it, though she guessed it had more to do with the fact that her soulmate was a girl than anything else. Still, he made sure she knew he supported her no matter what. Her parents both worked long hours, losing themselves in the bustle of downtown from morning till dusk. Her father was especially pressed, often leaving before the sun had risen and not returning until it had long since sunk beneath the horizon. It just made her value the time she had with him, and she made sure her soulmate saw both him and her mother as often as she could. 

It had been just after she had turned sixteen when everything changed. She had felt the beginning of the  switch and reached for the paper in her pocket, thinking of all the things she wanted to tell Enna. Her vision when dark, and for a moment she thought Enna was asleep, but then the shadows around her sharpened and Enna sat up, eyes darting around in panic. She was in a small room, almost pitch black but for the small amount of light that seeped in from the ceiling. Enna looked up and she could see that the light was coming from the seams of a door, small and square. 

Ada could only stare, horror filling her lungs, as Enna brought her hands close to her face, revealing that they were tightly bound in some sort of rope or cord. She stood, revealing how cramped the space truly was, her shoulders hunched to avoid knocking her head against the ceiling as she placed the length of the room. It took her only five steps to reach the furthest wall, three to go from one side to the other. She pushed as much information about where she was as possible, nearly blinding herself as she placed her eye to one of the seams of the door, showing tiny glimpses of trees and sky. 

The minute ended and she was left in her own room, paper crumpled tightly in clenched fists as she tried to comprehend what she had just seen. Her legs nearly buckled beneath her when she tried to stand, stomach churning dangerously, but she pushed herself up and stumbled downstairs, collapsing into her mother's arms. Her words were barely comprehensible through her sobs, but eventually she was able to say what happened. They called the police, but with only a name and a location that could essentially be anywhere, there was only so much they could do.

 When her father arrived home that evening, he had held her tightly while she explained what she had seen, murmuring soft words of comfort. She fell asleep in her parents bed, unable to feel safe in the shadows of her own room. She dreamt of darkness that tore at her clothing and trees that cackled as they held their branches just above her grasping hands as she was dragged into the shadows. She had woken up to her own screams, as her parents held her closely, her eyes still seeing ropes holding fragile wrists bound tightly. 

For over a year Ada could only watch, her sole comfort being that her own eyes offered a brief escape from the shadows that surrounded Enna. She watched as bruises bloomed on the dark skin, barely visible in the beams of light from the ceiling. After a few months it seemed she was able to widen the seams a bit, if nothing else letting her see more of her surroundings. When three months had passed a rock had found its way into the underground prison, and with faint scratches against the floor that could still be rubbed away, Enna spelled out what had happened to her, carefully writing with trembling fingers. 

She had been walking home from school, on the edge of the road as it winded into the trees, when a man in a truck stopped next to her and offered her a ride. When she refused, he had gotten out of the car, grabbing her and forcing her into the back. She fought him, leading him to hit her hard enough to knock her out until she had woken up in the room underground. She hadn't seen his features, a hat and sunglasses covering his hair and eyes and a thick beard shielding the rest of his face, wild and bushy with brown hair. He came to see her periodically, about once every few days, bringing with him food and violent outbursts. He slowly grew worse over time, leaving bruises then cuts, and eventually leading to now, with shooting pains that spoke of broken ribs with every move she made, a dull ache reaching across the bond and throbbing in Ada's chest. 

Ada shared what happened in the world around her, offering words of love and trying to comfort her as much as she could, straying to calming areas when she thought the switch was happening. She constantly spoke with the police, offering them the address that Enna had given her. They discovered she lived outside the city, an impossibly tiny distance considering how most soulmates had at least a country between them if not an ocean. They spoke to her parents, but they had nothing that could lead them to where their daughter was, though they did reach out to Ada. They accepted her immediately as their daughter's soulmate, and together they tried to stay strong for the girl they all loved. 

Now, more than a year since Enna had been taken, Ada sits in the woods outside of her soulmate home, resting among the very trees she had seen the first time the switch had hit them. Her own parents were at work, so she spent the day at Enna's place, helping her parents in any way she could. She can't help but love her soulmates family, loves the soft smile of Enna's mother that is so like her daughter's, the same dark hair seen in her father though his is streaked with grey. They had grown close in the past few months, and if nothing else she was happy that she could let them have a link to her daughter, let them speak to her however indirectly. She could feel the joy it brought Enna, faint though it was through the bond, and she tried to be around them as much as she could just in case the switch hit them. 

She's staring up at the trees, seeing how they contrast the dreary autumn sky when she blinks, finding herself again in the tiny room. This time is different however, as unlike every other instance the room is filled with light, the trapdoor open to reveal the sky above. For a moment Ada reflects on how improbably long it's taken for the switch to occur when Enna's captor is there, but these thoughts are swept away with the realisation that this could be the secret to gaining Enna's freedom. She focuses solely on her vision, ignoring any sounds or feelings from her side, and she greedily drinks in any detail she can see in the room, no longer hidden in shadow. Enna is clearly helping her, though her movements are careful, as though trying to avoid detection.

She's in the middle of noticing that the door is at the base of a large tree, when Enna's quickly pulled around, face meeting a fist that crushes her nose, the cartilage crumpling under the force. She's pushed to the ground, and as she lays there, clearly dazed, her eyes fall on the person who had hit her. Ada's mind freezes, thoughts stopping as she sees her soulmates captor. She distantly feels the hands on her arms, knows she should turn towards them, offer Enna a sight of her parents to help distract from the pain but she is frozen, only able to stare at the man who had caused all of this. She hears a distant scream, and it takes her a second to realize that it's coming from her. 

Finally the switch ends, and she is left with tears streaming down her cheeks and a faint taste of blood in her mouth, the image of her father's face twisted with rage as blood spatters across his knuckles. She collapses into the arms of Enna's mother, her ears barely registering her panicked questions, and then she knew only darkness. 