 “Fresh bread!” a man walking down the middle of 5th avenue in Manhattan hollers into the air. “Get yer fresh bread! Straight from the oven…”. He knocks on a car window and the passenger inside shoos him away. “It doesn’t get any fresher than this folks, I’ve got the freshest of the fresh here. The secret to life eternal--not the body of Christ, not the almighty dollar” lowering his voice he continues,” It’s all in the yeast in fact.” He waves a single baguette in the air. 

Cars honk and swerve around him. Finally a traffic cop comes walking toward him. He is in no rush. You start to get a sense just by the casual demeanor of the officer that this is a routine occurrence. As he approaches the bread salesman he waves toward the man. 

“Hey! Eddie, man. You gotta get outta the road buddy. These people aint got no time for this. They ain’t got time for your bread.” 

“On the contrary” says Eddie “Once they have a bite of this leavened perfection time is all they will have in the world.” He’s escorted out of the middle of the street. 

“Ok, but let’s do it from the sidewalk where you can’t get yourself killed. Or anyone else for that matter”

“Ah, death. Sweet unrequited death”

Eddie walks over to the side of the road. He pretends to sword fight the officer with his baguette. 

“Sheesh man it’s 8am...” He gives him an inquisitive look. This wouldn’t be the first time Eddie has been drunk or high at 8AM. Usually it’s leftover from the night before.

“I know what you are thinking, but I’m clean as a whistle this morning. Some kind lady bought me a coffee. Starbucks! Wow! It’s been awhile since I had a latte” The officer loosens up a little. He looks around and all has returned to normal. The daily grind and the herds of pedestrians carry onward. 

“Yea it’ll do that to ya. That should be their slogan actually. Coffee so good it’ll make you run down the middle of fifth avenue.”

The officer is Morton Howard he had been assigned this beat for the last 2 years. He gets free coffee too, and occasionally a complimentary hot n sour soup from Rai’s Thai over on 3rd if it’s extra cold out. He likes being out in the street this early. This section of Manhattan is their world. Not the high rises or the fancy cars. Not the fancy restaurants or the expensive shops. Just the streets.  

“Hey so uh where do you get that bread from? I’ve been meaning to take a nice baguette home to the wife and she is making her spaghetti sauce tonight.” 

“Take this one! On me this time.” Eddie holds out the bread with a smile. 

The cop looks down at the bread and follows it down to where Eddie’s grimy bony fingers are wrapped around it. He is certain that if he were to take it there would be a big black stain on the bread where his hand currently is. 

“Well I’m not gonna need it until later yea? I mean they must bake some later on right? I want it nice and warm and fresh when I take it home.”

Eddie smiles wryly. “Of course, they put out the fresh from the afternoon at 3:23pm on the dot. They go quick so I would get there a few minutes earlier.” He hands the officer a card. On the card is a really terribly drawn map that sort of shows where it might be. Looks like an alley way a few blocks north east. “

Later that day the officer comes around the corner toward the alley he thinks is shown on the card. He has been walking around for a while looking for the place and his frustration is beginning to show on his face. He looks down the alley titled Dearmad Way. There aren’t any signs of a bakery. There is what appears to be a small encampment though and since he doesn’t see anyone else around he decides to approach it. 

The encampment consists of two makeshift a-frame tents tied together by a piece of rope and an old tarp draped over the top. A young woman probably in her early 20’s sits on a flipped over bucket and Eddie sits beside her in a broken lawn chair. She is smoking a cigarette. They are laughing about something and almost don’t even notice the officer approach. 

“Hey… Eddie how’s it going?”

Eddie nods to him. A total mood switch from how he was acting this morning. He seems sedated or disinterested, it’s not clear which. Howard looks Eddie over and catches a very deep and far away look in his eyes. Where his eyes were blue this morning now they are dark and cloudy, and grey. It really frightens Howard. He’d never seen him, or anyone else for that matter, look like this. 

“This the guy, Eddie?” The officer is clearly uncomfortable and rests his forearm across the butt of his sidearm in a failed attempt to appear nonchalant.

“Hey you know what? I think maybe I misunderstood. I just wanted some bread, but uh I guess I’ll see ya around”

“We got your bread right here, Officer” The girl stands up abruptly and this causes the officer to take a few steps back. “Woa what’s the matter you afraid or somethin’?” 

“I’m a police officer ma’am. I don’t get afraid. Your friend here told me earlier there was a bakery around here. I was just looking for some fresh bread. I don’t want any trouble from anyone and I won’t cause no trouble for you. Clearly there was a misunderstanding.”

Finally Eddie speaks up “No Misunderstanding. He wants the good stuff.” Eddie looks toward the girl, his eyes even more cloudy now. She looks down at her watch and then reaches into a satchel that she has at her feet. 

“I’d be real careful what you take out of that purse ma’am. I am an officer of the law and if there is anything illegal in there I’ll be forced to confiscate it and apprehend you.”

She starts laughing. Eddie attempts a smirk but fails. “Ooohh are you going to read me my rights though big guy? You know I haven’t been handcuffed in at least a couple weeks. I think I might enjoy this.” She takes her hand out of her bag she has something small clenched in her fist. She waves it around at the officer. He looks at her growing more and more upset. Eddie tries another smile and this time successfully grins as wide as can be. 

“You know that’s it. This is weird. Do I need to call for backup? If you don’t put whatever that is away I’m going to have to ask that you hand it over to me.” She just stares at him. “Alright Hand it over! Now!”

(Continued below..)