The envelope seemed to be glitching out, disappearing and reappearing as if possessed by makeshift binary demons with one distinct function: scare the living shit out of humans.  Especially crazy humans.  Like me.
Tunnelvision began to take over as the door frame became enlightened by the envelope's presence below it.  What used to be my living room rapidly blurred as I began to question what to do with this envelope.  The lights started to flicker and...

"Open it, you fool!"

Interrupted.  How convenient.  I slowly began to reach into my pocket...

"Open it, and keep your god damn meds away."

I was always a fool to the voices.  They always seemed convincing despite being awful trolls, but they were always right.  Their superior logic to continue our philosophical pursuits and descents into madness are second to none when compared to the meaningless landscape a voiceless life provides.  I pity those who have no internal voice overlords.  The pills remained dormant in my pocket for now.

Obliged, I stepped forward and grabbed the envelope, which was already open.  While lifting it, a small plastic item fell out and tumbled.  It was a flash drive.

"See Jack, I'm always going to be here.  That's a fact.  Every now and then, we should probably take up something fun, no?  Here's a flash drive, a FUN flash drive.  Fun often leads to millions and millions of funny things, do you see where I'm going here?"

I took the flash drive and turned to my laptop.  Upon booting, the drive appeared with the label "Goldmine" within my device list.  I opened the folder and was greeted with an image thumbnail showcasing a crypto wallet.  I quickly converted it to USD and found it to be worth over $6 million dollars.

Sweat began to accumulate on my forehead in rapid fashion.

Two other files, a "README.txt" document and "null" file without an extension shared space with the thumbnail image.  I opened the README and quickly discovered a blank screen.  I closed and re-opened the file to confirm the nothingness.

"Why would you need a README if you've got me, Jack?  This is so much fun!"

[tbc]