It took me a while to figure out just how my "powers" worked. I'm not sure how, when, or even WHY these powers manifested, but the day I first discovered them was quite a shock.

The first time it happened I had just finished cooking myself dinner while having a conversation over the phone with my best friend. When I told him I was about to hang up so I could eat, he playfully complained that he was hungry too, and that I should send him some. I laughed at him and told him he was welcome to have some if he could make it over. We hung up, and I went about the business of preparing to eat. I don't recall tapping anything, but the next thing I knew I was standing in his kitchen with my pot of food. Stunned and shaking, I quickly put the pot down on the counter before I dropped it on the floor, making a loud "CLANG" noise against his stone counters.

My friend came rushing through the door and was just as shocked as I was that I was there. Luckily he thought I'd planned it all along and was grateful for the food and company... but confused when I asked him for a ride home later that night.

It was a few days before I figured out that tapping four times was the trigger, and that someone on the other side would always need something, and after a few more trips, I discovered that the help needed would always be something I had the means to assist with. If I had food on me, the person would be hungry. Water, thirsty. If I had rope, they'd need help out of a hole. If I was driving, they'd need a ride somewhere, though I REALLY prefer not to teleport while driving as it's absolutely terrifying to just "pop" onto another road while moving.

So far, I've never been put into danger while teleporting. The biggest issue I've had was being able to get home afterward. Sometimes it takes me weeks to get home. Teleporting repeatedly until I've finally popped up a reasonable distance from my home, or from an airport.

Nowadays though, I don't have any issues getting home. I got a dog. Any time I'm out and about, I'm guaranteed to return home with four taps, as my little buddy always needs me!