I lived in this tomb for millions of years, sealed by magic, and ironically of my own creation. My cataclysm weapon cycles every few thousands of years, scorching the earth, destroying all life before flooding it with regenerative energy. Few of us would survive. Others like me, immortal, deathless. 

I was once a god, trying to create the perfect world in my own image. I had friends, allies, a kingdom, and we thrived. I designed great weapons and technology. Equipment that would allow us to reach to the stars and take on anything the universe threw our way. 

Unfortunately, not all my allies were as fond as my being in control. They wanted my great power, my kingdom, my legacy! So they took it from me, ambushed me in my own forge as I was working. Used my own weapons to nullify my powers, strip me of my tools, leaving only my armour as clothing, and cast me into my own tomb. 

These so called allies, would go on for the next hundreds of centuries, using my weapons to rule with an iron fist, destroying any potential allies of mine, or people curious enough to seek me out. It wouldn’t matter however, because no one could unlock this tomb. The magic required immortal blood to be sacrificed, and now the only immortals that lived were the ones who turned against me. 

The mortals became slaves, helpless. Their courage and tenacity had to be commended. They would try and fight back. Some would find my hidden forges, armouries, laboratories, and attempt to use the weapons and technology I had left behind. 

Some of these weapons had been designed to kill the immortals by corrupting their very soul and destroying it, preventing them from rebirthing. But I was not a part of any of this. I sat in my tomb, locked away as the world went on, always wondering how long it would be before something new happens. 

Then one day it did. My cataclysm weapon began its cycle, scorching the Earth above me. But this time, a crack formed in my tomb’s ceiling. The magical lights which I had developed made it easier to see, but it was certainly there. A crack. Hope. 

By this point, I was but a rumour. A name long forgotten to everyone but the oldest of the immortals. This was the chance I was waiting for. Even if the deathless had assigned guards to my tomb, there was nothing they could do to repair it even if the damage continued to form. I just had to wait, and if being trapped for millions of years gave me something it was patience. 

73,592 years passed. Over 70 cycles of cataclysm passed, and the seal was almost broken. The tomb entrance was cracked, pieces missing, and real sunlight was actually visible. I lay, in the middle of the tomb, staring up at the roof a few meters above my head, waiting. Once this scorch ends, even something as small as a thunderstorm should surely free me. 

A few hundred years later, once the ecosystem had replenished, I watched as the storm festered above my tomb. A large smile formed on my face, and I knew that this was the moment. I waited another day, and I felt the first drop of water land on my face. It was refreshing. I slid my helmet back on, and inserted my arm into the centre of the pad on the floor to create a small protective dome, waiting as the rain began collapsing the pieces of the rock, each landing around my body. 

A few weeks later, and the entire roof was now finally gone. I grinned as I watched the magical barrier of the seal fade, leaving not even the small glow of energy. My platform began rising up the tomb until at last I was finally free. 

I gazed at the new Earth, knowing that one day, I would regain my legacy.

(Taking inspiration from Infinity Blade where this prompt is almost the focus of the second game).