"Dad, it's time to turn in your license." I was shot twice back in the war. I lost my oldest son in another. No pain in life cuts deeper than those who love you trying to rip your hobby, your passion, your freedom away. No bullet could tear deeper in than those words, "Seriously. You're going to get someone killed! Or worse, yourself!"

Just *one more drive.* That's all I needed. "Then I'll give it up... I'll suffer the withdrawals if I don't." Pushing back wouldn't have helped a bit. Suzannah is a tough girl, she's got grit under her nails and she'll fend for herself better than I, just how we raised her. I couldn't be more proud of her, my three sons, or my grandkids for that matter, than I was that Christmas. Like always, I couldn't stop tears from welling up and spilling over as they all piled into their cars to head back out west where they'd built their futures.

Old fluorescent lights struggled to stay lit in the cold shop though the cold never stopped me from spending time working on something out there. Darrell, my oldest son, had tears in his eyes as he set his wrench back down on the cart. "Carb's hooked back up, let's prime those float bowls." He struggled over the lump in his throat. "You always loved this old 'Vette, Dad..."

"I always loved spending time out here with you! You're the brains, I'm just the wrench monkey."

"They're making you give up your license, you know? Austin and Suzie can't be shook off this one."

"I know what your siblings think, but what do you think?"

"So this is it I guess... Our last day in the shop?"

Hell, I felt a few tears myself. "Yeah, can't think of much else to do with 'em if I can't drive, yeah. Think I've gotta hop behind the wheel just one last time, ya know"

"Gotta check the parts, right?"

"Suppose I just miss the canyons."

"Be safe Dad, I love you!

Hugging your son is the best thing a father can feel. Darrell's favorite song cackled over the shop radio as he wrapped his arms around me, no longer caring about getting grease all over the back of my leather jacket. "On a dark desert highway, cool wind in my hair..."

It may have been cold but that never bothered the ol' red Vette. Eight cylinders, three hundred-eighty-three cubic inches, four hundred ponies at my beck and call. I always knew I'd either die on my feet or die behind the wheel, none of that hospital bed crap. All day I spent on the road, until the sun began to set, when I knew my time was up. Time to hit the gas, time to feel my heart hit the back of the rib cage one last time. First gear, second, third, fourth gear - cool wind pushed what was left of my gray, fine hair as the perfect harmony of GM's finest rockets me into the triple digits. My eyes close, my life fulfilled, my beautiful red Corvette taking flight off of a canyon ledge. No coward's death for me.

Or so I thought. The sun rose that morning on a charred heap of steel about 400 feet below the road. I awoke to a voice, "You can check out any time, but you can't ever leave. Welcome to the Hotel California"