The three brave heroes walked over cobblestone paths, the rain beating down heavily upon the armor they carried on their backs. Vael knew these streets-years ago, he had been stationed here by the Order of the Shining Star, back when he was but a squire. His master, Sir Evantus, had sent him away when he realized the darkness descending upon the country would not be stopped by their brothers in the order. Vael had wanted nothing more than to stay, to help his master fight against the Corpse King, but he was a good knight-he followed his orders. He retreated, knowing that Sir Evantus had a great deal of power backing him, and a will to never surrender to evil. If any could stop the Corpse King Darellus, it would be Evantus. Alas, it had been but a month after his departure that Vael learned the city of Petarr had fallen; that Evantus had likely fallen with it.

Their welcome into Petarr had been an alarming one. Undead ghouls plagued the fields, with not a living soul in sight. The town's graveyard, along the outskirts of town, had been entirely excavated, to serve the cruel whims of the Corpse King. Vael remembered children playing in the streets and fields, even when it rained-there were none now. No children's laughter greeted his ears, welcoming him home-now, it was only the steady beating of the rain, and the occasional groan of the dead.

Once past the village gates (they too guarded by unliving sentries) signs of corruption were just as abundant. The dead roamed freely, serving as a macabre security in some places, enforcing the will of their master. In other places, they served no will but that of destruction itself, ripping buildings apart brick by brick, plank by plank. Storefronts that just a few short years ago had been bustling were now boarded up, their goods hidden from the bands of roaming undead.

"Vael, we have to do something." It was Amara who spoke; to Vael, Amara's flawless elven features seemed the only beacon of light in this city of darkness. She was one of the greatest warriors her people had, more skilled in archery and stealth than Vael had ever known. She insisted that the ones who were truly skilled in stealth would, by default, have been unknown to him-but it was naught but humility, surely. That humility was but one of many aspects to make her beauty shine all the brighter. Her beauty, however, stark as it was in comparison, did nothing to abate the endless tide of shadow around it.

"Chins up," spoke the third member of the band. Diminutive in stature and great in bulk, Argos outwardly seemed like any may expect from a Dwarf; he had, however, eschewed his peoples ways, favoring the book rather than the axe. He wore armor so thick Vael could not fathom lifting it, but somehow managed to still perform the intricate dance ones hands must perform to pluck the strings of magic into place. As sorcerers went, Argos was mighty-and Vael would have none other at his side. "We'll put it right. Don't you worry about that."

Vael nodded and looked up again. His feet had taken him, by memory alone, to the tavern. Memories of joyous songs filled his mind, taking him back to a happier time. From a time before he swore away relations outside the bonds of marriage, he could recount several dalliances with more than one of the local tavern wenches; he wistfully accepted that, even if they were still alive, they surely would not be the same. Vael pushed the tavern door open.

The tavern was full to bursting; not a single chair was free, and even making it to the bar was an exercise in care, so as to not step on the feet of those around. The place reeked of ale-to be this full, at this hour, the people must surely have been drinking their pains away in full, Vael thought.

Vael reached the bar after some great deal of effort, and smiled widely when he did-the tavern's keeper, Veken had survived! Veken's old face creaked into a wide, toothless grin when he rested his eyes on Vael's face.

"Old friend! It's good to see some things haven't changed." Veken didn't answer-he didn't talk much-not since losing most of his teeth in a barfight ten years prior-but he nodded and began pouring three ales for Vael and his companions. 

Vael closed his eyes and nodded. Seeing his old friend renewed his resolve-he would save this city. He had to.