When you take a DNA test, you expect to learn about your ancestry, maybe that you got some crappy genes and could get Alzheimer's or glaucoma. You don't expect to learn you're a work of fiction. But that's what happened to me.

There it was, after the line that said Fact or Fiction: Fiction. That was bad enough. The next line was even worse, where it said my fiction type was side character. I mean, being the protagonist or the main love interest, that's not so bad. You're central to the story. But side character? You could get edited out at any time. Going about your day and then boom, you're gone. Happened to a friend in college named Frank. Nice guy, good to get beers with, but always did seem a little two dimensional. One day he was just gone, backspaced right off the face of the earth between a second and a third draft. Me and the guys talked with his family about holding a funeral for him, but everyone agreed that'd be awkward, so we decided to not mention him anymore.

And then I found out I was just another damn Frank.

Question was, whose life was I a side character in? Maybe it was my ego, but I couldn't see myself as some bit part, someone who the main character interacts with briefly in one scene, who doesn't even get a name, and then is never heard from again. No. I couldn't be that insignificant; I had more personality than that.

After spending half of my damn week thinking about it, I realized the protagonist had to be my old high school buddy, Joe. I was a groomsman at his wedding to Sarah, but not the best man, who would be a more central character. I always popped in and out of his life after something big happened to him, and seemed to be just comic relief, like the time he lost his job and I met him and his wife out at an Italian restaurant. When I got up to go to the bathroom I tripped, accidentally pulled on the tablecloth as I fell, and had a plate of spaghetti land right in my face. If it had been a sitcom, the laugh track would've kicked in right then.

I couldn't stay a side character, not with knowing what happened to Frank. But what to do? Last time I'd seen Joe and Sarah, Sarah had made eyes at me like maybe she was getting bored in their marriage and wanted to try out someone new. I could start an affair with her. If that didn't work, well, fire could solve a lot of problems. I could burn down their house. That'd make for one hell of a big plot point.

I wasn't the protagonist. I couldn't be the love interest. But I could become the villain.