The light that had previously bathed me as I stood by the golden gates slowly dimmed away and I felt myself fall into a small room with a single chair. Connected to the tiny chamber were three cells barred by thick iron and barely big enough to fit a human. I immediately recognized it. 

Not even a second after I sat down the room filled with noises. Strident cries of the abandoned emanated from the left, furious slamming of flesh against the prison echoed from the right, but the cell in front of me remained silent and I only saw a slumped figure within.

"We didn't meant to, please whatever we did, please forgive us, don't keep us in here, please" the sobbing and blubbering from the left was irritating me and I began to look around nervously before I realized no one could possibly hear us. 

"LET ME OUT! YOU BITCH IT'S BEEN YEARS SINCE THAT INCIDENT!" The voice from the right continued to throw itself against the iron bars, but I paid no heed. "WHAT. DO. YOU. THINK. YOU'RE. GAINING. FROM. KEEPING. US. HERE." More of a statement than a question, each word was emphasized by the cell's shuddering. Quickly grabbing the chair and pushing it against the bars as some crude reinforcement, I decide to start talking. 

"Hello gentlemen," it became apparent that all the figures in the room looked identical except for condition. "You know... for people with dissociative identity disorder it's not uncommon for the original personality to suppress the inferior beings in his head." I rock around in my chair, "none of you are real, I'm the only one here that belongs. I'm the only one needed to survive so none of you are needed. We're not the same. You're not me."

"Yes we are..." came a sorrowful cry, "no matter where you go, no matter what you do, we are you and you are us..." On the left, the captive's briefly ceased crying before bursting back into tears, "stop being scared of us, you know that we need each other to do anything, let us help!"

"We get it, you're hurt- we all were," the rattling on the right stopped and the human within was growling, "if one of us suffers, we all suffer. You don't have to take all the pain. Become complete again. Please let us help you."

I stare off straight ahead of me at the slumped figure, "The nicknames we gave each other really fit don't they? Anger, both you and Sadness already know my answer. I survived solely because I relied on one instinct. Neither of you were necessary back when I was alive and none of you will be necessary now when I'm dead." I approach the slumped figure and crouch down to get a better view; the figure lay there, his chest barely moving to indicate he was alive. "Isn't that the case, Happy?"

"Be careful," the emaciated doppelganger wheezed out, "be careful Fear... You've hurt us and in turn you've hurt yourself. You have failed to protect us. You have failed to protect yourself."
