"Everyone has a power" my Mother always said. "Yours is going to be so special!" Is what I grew up listening to. "You're special, just like everyone else". Well if I'm just like everyone else, how am I special? Sometimes she never made any sense. The only thing I understood was that I was different. I always asked where I was born, but never got an answer. I always dreamed it was somewhere cool, like on a mountain, or a even a hill, but I knew it wasn't anything like that. "It just takes longer to bloom, that means it's even more special than we thought!" That was the worst lie. It's as if I was the only one who gave up hope, and honestly, it would have felt better if others would have just shared my shame instead of try and making me forget it. 

School was worse than home. Everyone's powers bloomed before middle school. Everyone but me. "Just wait! It'll happen!" Is all that anyone could say. So optimistic, but how can you be optimistic for something that won't happen? My powers never bloomed during the time frame that experts say they should. And come to think of it, my Mother was right. I was special. I was unlike everyone else because I didn't have powers. Everywhere I went I was reminded how "special" I was. Billboards and advertising always revolved around people's powers. "Blue is the new you!" With an Ocean born wearing guady blue make-up. Or "Hiring: Forest only!". Jobs were always so particular on what landscape you were from, except for menial labor, they didn't care to ask because, well, it didn't matter. If I ever wanted a job I knew I'd be stuck working with convicts or drug addicts; the refuse of this town. My life was horrible until the second day of 8th grade. That day something strange happened.

I was on the bus going home from school. As I sat by the window watching the scenery pass by, I noticed a few plains-born gliding through the wind, enjoying their powers. That didn't help my mood. I think I fell asleep after that, because the next thing I remembered was waking up to the bus driver shaking my shoulder. We were at my stop, and the bus was empty. The bus driver must have skipped my stop and dropped me off last, probably almost forgot about me. I got off the bus and, well, you know that feeling you get when you eat a lot of beans at lunch? Yeah, it was fajita day at school, and the people who sat by me never ate their beans, so I got all of their beans. First mistake. I kind of scurry into the house, and I'm instantly blasted with an "Oh my God honey, where were you? Where have you been?", ugh, the overbearing atmosphere alone could have squashed me like a bug. I ran past her, dodging an incoming hug, "The bus had a flat!" I lied, as I v-lined for the bathroom. As I opened the door I heard a "Wait, honey!-" before slamming the door. I flicked on the light switch, nothing, still dark. "The lightbulb's out" I heard my Mother say through the door as I fumbled to drop my pants and find the toilet. After a few 'miscalculations', I landed safely, and without hesitation let out a huge rip. I blinked. Then I blinked again. The lights were back on? No.. the shadows are all wrong. It seems like the light was.. "It's coming through the toilet?" I thought to myself. "No, that's absurd" I tried to tell myself, but I looked down and.. well. Yeah. There was light coming from within the toilet bowl. I jumped up immediately, and turned around, shadows. There was no light in the toilet, it was behind me. I turned again, nothing, still behind me. I looked behind me once more, but this time only turning my neck. Yes, it was still there, it was on my back? No, it was down a bit more. It, it seemed like it was coming from my butt? Yes, wait.. "Why is there light shining from my ass?!" I screamed in my head. That's when I heard my Mother through the door, "Do you have a flashlight in there, sweety?". I was in shock, confused, and the only thing running through my mind at that moment was "How do I turn this off?" I tried everything, and I mean everything: I'm not proud to admit it, but it's the truth. After a few minutes it wore off (I think), and I was able to walk out of the bathroom to a confused Mother. I guess you could say that up until that point my life was horrible, but now? Now that I found my power, it's safe to call it miserable.

 Once word got out, well, you can imagine the names. "Lightning-bug", "Butt-light", "Shiny-Cheeks", but the one that stuck with me throughout my middle school and high school years was "Full Moon". Yeah, eventually I could control which part of my body I could light up, but for the longest time it was always my butt that lit up, and at the strangest times, too. Like everyone else my powers grew as I did. I started to learn how to make other things light up, and I also learned how to take away light from other spots, kind of creating darkness. I wish that's how my power bloomed, me accidentally making a ball of darkness. Then my nickname would be something cool, like Shadow or Shade, or maybe even Darkstar. That would have been cool, "Darkstar". But here I am now, "Full Moon", your local electrician coming to save the day! In other words, I change lightbulbs now; a job for a Space-born. 