My shift was about to end in 45 minutes when the bomb flew through the window. 

I was confused at first. In the back of the Home Depot we were lifting some plastic boxes on to the loading pallet. I heard glass shatter behind me and the whirr of tires, and I whirled around, and noticed something like a wide straw that was…smoking?

A pipe bomb. 

I just stared at it like an idiot, my mind struggling to comprehend what had just happened, when Eduardo, my co-worker, screamed “fucking hell!” and literally grabbed and pulled me behind the mahogany table 5 feet away just as the explosion went off.

I was unimpressed. Like, explosions are supposed to be big, bright and *powerful,* you know? But behind the table, I felt absolutely nothing, no concussion wave no bright flash. Just a hiss.

I turned towards Ed to ask him something but put a finger to his lips when I turned to look at him, and pulled out a freaking pistol from his jeans. 

What the hell?

Ed seemed like a normal enough guy, his skin was an olive color, he was average height, dark eyes, short hair…that’s it. Not the kind of guy you would expect to carry a gun. 

That’s when I heard the door of the front entrance opening, and soft, muffled footsteps. I moved to peek over at who was coming but Eduardo yanked me back, and I gave a little yelp. Immediately, a serious of thuds wnt through my head that was leaning against the table.

Someone had just tried to shoot me.

Eduardo immediately got up and shot towards the door. Where the person who had fired at us made no noise, Eduardo’s gun was *loud,* very loud. He shot 4 times, pausing momentarily after each shot as I lay behind the table covering my ears. 
Eduardo quickly tapped my shoulder and motioned for me to get up. He checked his gun and put some more bullets in it. “And Oliver thought this was paranoia…” he muttered. Then turning to me he commanded, “Hurry up, more might be on the way.” 

Too shocked to question him, I took his hand and we ran towards the front door. But what I saw made me stop dead in my tracks in spite it all. The box I had dropped had spilled other boxes. Kind of like nesting dolls, but what was strange was that between the boxes were glass rocks…diamonds.

The boxes that were supposed to be going to Venezuela. 

Oh crap. 

“I’ve been *smuggling diamonds to Argentina?!*” I asked Ed incredulously. 

Ed ignored me and continued pulling me towards the door, where a body was lying. Ed bent over and took the weapon from the corpse which I tried not to look at too hard. “Silenced,” Ed muttered almost to himself, “idiots.”  

In spite my terror I managed, “Idiots? Why?” 

Ed gave me an annoyed glance as we continued out of the Home Depot, and off handedly said, “sub sonic bullets, that’s why they didn’t go through the wood and kill us because of your idiocy.”

Taken aback at how close I’d come to death. I fell quiet until Ed took me to his car. I heard sirens in the background, and Ed cursed. 

“What?” I asked, “aren’t we alive?” 

“Yeah we’ll make it, but they’ll find the diamonds and the corpse, they’ll connect the dots. The paper train ain’t hard to follow.”

“But I didn’t do anything,” I protested weakly, “I’m just a normal guy.” 

Eduardo grinned then, a wolf’s smile. “No longer buddy, no longer. You just became the prime suspect in an international conflict diamond scandal. Now, you want to become your government’s scapegoat or take your chances?”

Shaking, I got in the car. 
***
(minor edits)

If you enjoyed, check out my new subreddit [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/)
