“Herwo Miztr Cardmr...” 

I was...hearing something? Yeah, yeah, hearing, that was it. I was hearing, I thought. Everything was very fuzzy, my breaths felt broken and liquid all at once, some sort of vertigo made me think I was tasting colors- but no, I thought I was hearing. I think.

“Mishtr Carder...” 

I remember a guy, the glint of a knife and then pain, a slice across my face, something sharp in my abdomen, then...the ground? I remember seeing the skies for a moment, a few stars. Why couldn’t I see? I felt myself rack with coughs as I struggled to breathe, a chill came over me, and still everything felt like I was being dipped into solidifying molasses. 

“Mister Carter, please calm down!” 

The voice came through clear and I shook out a few more coughs before I stilled. I still couldn’t see- where was my vision? Had the knife gone into my eyes? 

“For the love of God, open your eyes, Mister Carter.” 

Oh. 

I tried to do so manually, and lo and behold, my sight came pouring in. Things were fuzzy and too-bright at first, but I could see. Thank God I could see. 

“You have questions, I’m sure. We usually hold consultations for the welcoming of the after-life, and you’ll get yours I assure you. But, you get a special surprise as well.” It was, oddly enough, a rather thick Russian accent. 

The voice was coming from a woman, sitting behind a desk. She was wearing a dark grey suit, hands properly steepled atop her dark oaken desk. She had a sharp look to her, dark blonde hair and blue eyes, a pointy noise and high cheek bones. She looked...put upon.

“Wha-“ I tried to speak but my voice was so dry it hurt to attempt. Her thin hands pushed a cup of water towards me and I took it and gulped it down before trying again. “What?” 

“The high council came up with this, new initiative,” she said as she rolled her eyes, waving her hand dismissively. “You, Mister Carter, are the 100,000,000,000th person to die on this Earth. Congratulations.” 

I looked at her, eyes open. She visibly sighed.

“Yes Mr. Carter, you are dead. You died at,” she raised her arm to look at her watch. “April 17, 2067. 2:49 AM very early Tuesday Morning. Drug deal gone wrong.”

“Wai-“ 

“Mister Carter,” she said, leaning back. “I normally am very amenable to this process, but we have a limited time before your Eternity Hearing, and you must receive after-life counseling before it or risk becoming a wraith that our ground team will have to deal with, so I will answer all your questions right now. The only thing you must do is sit back, shut up, and listen.” 

She had leaned forward in her chair and lowered her brows in a way that said she meant serious business. So, considering how confused I was, I sat back, shut up, and listened. 

I learned a lot. In summary: I was dead. I was not in heaven, or hell, but not purgatory, which she divulged didn’t exist. I was in the administration complex connected to heaven, as the Big Guy liked to oversee the Recently Deceased. Vanya was her name, and she was not a woman, but an angel who’s physical form would terrify me so much that I would die immediately (it had happened in the past), and that would make weird complications and paperwork, so it was given a randomly generated human form each day. My hell/heaven decision would be happening soon, and she wouldn’t budge on what my chances looked like. Heaven was actual, literal paradise that was mostly great, but people could be stuck up and eventually you got tired of all the Italian Cream Cake they serve, even though it’s literally the most delicious thing you’d ever eat. Hell was, yes, a den of eternal torture and damnation, but if you appealed to your assigned demon torturer they could slack up on the torture schedule a little. 

And I, Wesley Carter, was the 100,000,000,000th person to die. And as such, I was awarded the chance to change any decision. ANY decision. Ever. In the history of existence. She said, in the grand scheme, it was more of a social experiment than to have any real impact on the world, but the Big Guy thought it’d be interesting to see. 

I freaked out for a while at the pure immensity of everything going on, but she talked me through it. Even though she was rather sharp, she seemed to care. Soon, I was still in freak out mode, but managing better. After all of that, she gave me time to think, and left the room. 

My entire life had been selfish. I was a bad kid, raised by a Mom that tried her best and a father that cared about his whiskey cabinet more than his family. He beat her, and I took my anger out on others. Went to juvie for a while for possession and assault. I tried to get cleaned up in my mid twenties. Counseling, cold turkey, found a nice catholic girl, never went to school but got an okay job doing construction management, had a kid a few years later. Dad died, I didn’t care much, didn’t even shed a tear. Then mom got sick with cervical cancer. Before she died she told me she loved me and to take care of myself, she had always worried I wouldn’t. In my Thirties I hit hard times and got laid off. Took to the whiskey. Bourbon. Led to coke. Family struggling, kid walking around with fifth-hand clothes. Moved to small apartment with dog shit on the ground. Heroine came in the picture. Couldn’t stay sober enough to love them like I should, spent check money on drugs. Just like my father, and his father, and his, allegedly. 

I could kill Hitler. Stop Christopher Columbus from sailing the ocean blue. Any war I could stop. Bet I could find a way to end AIDS. Maybe save those astronauts that blew up on their ship. 

But then I thought about my little girl, small and too thin, hiding from me when I walked in the door. She was scared of her own father. 

“I’m ready.” I said aloud. I heard the woman walk back in. She sat at the desk, steepled her fingers and looked at me. 

“What have you decided?” 

———————-

I heard the sorry fuck in his little house-thing just outside of their little town. I had been transported to their farm, just a few feet away from their home. The sun was too bright and it smelled like shit everywhere. England 1532 was...interesting. There weren’t many people around. Saw some horses, heard some chickens. I gripped the gun in my hands and walked towards the house Vanya had told me about. 

“Yes Father, I think she’ll be just the girl for me. She’s pretty- not overly so, but just right. Her father has some fine horses...” a young voice was speaking inside. An older. Deeper voice replied but I couldn’t make it out.  

“She’s not too bright either, just smart enough to tutor the children but not enough to talk back. She’ll do just fine.” 

“Good, son...” I heard the older man reply as I crept closer to the door. I huffed, I guess we really were all shitbags. I didn’t care about others seeing me- Vanya would pull me out once it was done. So I walked brazenly to the open door and saw the two of them sitting at a table. The father turned to me first, then the young man. 

In front of me stood my two distant, distant relatives, James and Earl Carter. They looked...very English, but Earl, the older man, did look a bit like my Uncle Derrick. 

“Can we help you? You’re on our property.” The older man said. I smiled and shook my head. See, getting rid of myself wasn’t enough. My father would still have existed and hurt my mom. But even he wasn’t enough. My grandfather was a bad man too. The whole line of men in my family were assholes, and the few who weren’t couldn’t be spared. So what better to do than to just make sure none of us ever existed in the first place? We couldn’t hurt anyone that way. I figured this was far back enough. Earl had one son, the rest daughters. I thought I would be more sad at the propsect of ending the Carter line, but we han’t contributed much anyway. 

Earl started to advance toward me. “You either talk or leave right no-“ 

I raised the gun and shot. The bullet hit its target, right in the head. He grunted and fell down on his face. James screamed and shuffled back. I huffed. Cowards, the both of us. 

“What the hel-“ he was cut off by the bullet to his head too. He slumped back and slid to the floor, blood seeping from the wound. 

——————-

I was back in the office. 

“Congratulations Mister Carter on your success.” Vanya said, smiling. 

“My wife? My mom? How are they?” 

Vanya’s smile fell and she pursed her lips before focusing. Her eyes went white for a moment before she came back. “They are both alive. Lucky, playing with lineages can be tricky. You never know who’s connected to who. Your mother is fine, settled down with an Artist in San Francisco. Two little girls. Your wife is in India on a mission trip.” 

I nodded. My mom had always liked art- and now my, ex-wife I suppose, was doing something more meaningful than watching over my disastrous life. 

“Are we all done here?” 

I took a deep breath and looked at Vanya, nodded. She was pretty now that I looked at her, maybe if-

“Those thoughts are not appropriate Mister Carter. I am a celestial being without sexual desires and am wholly unattached to anything that is connected to human function or thought. Now, follow me, your Counselor is waiting. His name is Gabriel.” 

She stood and walked out of the room, opening the door with ease. I took a deep breath and stood as well, following her into the grey hallway. 

I started considering the best way to negotiate with demons.