The pubescent human male spends most of his days seeking out easily scavenged food. Vending machines and McDonald's are two popular spots for these growing mammals, who tend to travel in packs but seek out long periods of solitude to sleep or engage in self-play. This behavior results in isolation from the female members of the species, who often travel in packs and are not as driven by their physical or sexual appetites as their male counterparts.

In the North American school, pubescent humans are placed together to encourage socialization. However, their instincts are not so easily manipulated, and these teenagers learn to mimic adult mating rituals through a trial and error process. 

At the vending machine in this high school, located in the higher altitudes of Pennsylvania's pocono mountains, a male teenager sulks alone at the vending machine. He hasn't learned the skills yet to earn his own money, and since his parents are teaching him how to survive on his own, he arrived at school quite penniless.

What's this? A female teenager seems to take interest in the boy from across the room. She stands apart from her group, sizing up the male. Slowly she approaches. The male, distracted by his hunger and angst, does not notice until she is right behind him.

The female knows the male is easily startled, so she voices a preemptive warning call.

"Don't I know you from English class," she yells flatly, perhaps a bit too loud for this male's liking, for he jumps back. He assumes an alpha stance, placing his hands in his pockets and puffing out his chest.

"I don't think so." The male is now engaging in feigned ignorance, a common mating ritual among young males.

The female turns red, a sign of either submission or embarrassment. Although the male attempts to recover, it seems that the female has assumed defeat. Signaling to her friends with wide dilated eyes, the pack of young females comes to intervene. This display asserts the female's social dominance, despite her rejection.

The male turns back to the vending machine, exerting moisture through his armpits. He is stressed and he is still hungry. He will learn, eventually, that that gaggle of girls are of a particular species, the Girl Scout, and have foraged high calorie sweets called Thin Mints that they keep year round in their cubbies. The male must now return home and receive small portions of a less preferred sweets from his parents, who will feed him by chewing the food up and spitting the mixture into his mouth. Wait, no, sorry. Wrong animal. 