When i awoke, there was only me. I didnt understand what was around me. It was only when i saw another move that i understood my own presence.  He taught me what things were: trees, deer, lakes, and, as he named every thing around us, i learned that these were the other moving things and we tell the difference by calling them different names. I think I knew my name. It was precious to me. It was the only thing besides myself i had when i awoke before i met the man. 

One day the man brought a woman. I laughed and learned more than ever during this time. I felt more alive with each day. Until, they asked me my name. It was precious to me. I could not give it away. They asked me where i was before i met the man and woman. I didnt have this to give away. They too had no memories before they arrived here. 

That night i felt more lonely than ever. There was only one me like me. The man and the woman were the same. They danced and weaved in fields of flowers. Unluckily, they didnt know of a time before. I didnt either, not really. I had one memory; my name. Which meant, there must have been a me before i was here. I was sad. I shoved my face into the dirt, and wept. I wept for my lost life, for the man and woman's ignorance, and for the future we pursued without knowledge. I lifted my head from the dirt with tears still pouring, "Who am I?" I screamed into the still night air, "Who was Lucifer?" 

The moon reflected from my tears that had made a puddle on the ground, and, instantly, a tree sprouted from the ground. I had given it up. I could feel my only memories left were of a man named Adam and Woman named Eve. I knew there i had lost something important, but i could not know what. Upon eating the tree's fruit, it was Eve who remembered the world as it was. She had watched me the night i cast the "spell" as she called it. Adam was there before the garden too. He and eve had given all their remaining memories to form a protective barrier around the garden. Eve was with a child, and i remember seeking the refuge of their barrier during the great war. I had made a powerful enemy, yet my friends were his children. I dont know where the future will go from here. 

My name is Lucifer, the morning star, the former hand of the king. There was a time that there were many of me. The snapcasters pervaded magic by taking memories from humans instead of sacrificing their own. They upset the balance. I will bring that balance back, and, as for my rebellion, it will resume. 

