VR pun- an adventure in making dialogue sound normal:

Log 1: Uh it seems that my pod is kinda glitching at the moment so I guess I'll just keep these logs to send to the company (and to keep me company, heh) when the door gets unjammed. 

This is my first time using a pod so maybe I did something wrong? Whatever. Here's what's happening right now- the actual body rendering is pretty bugged for me. It's more like I'm just floating in the world, and my body is all hazy-looking. Also, the immersion is terrible! The people, well, they look real, but it's almost like I can see the code in everything, like I look at something and if I squint I can see all the functions being carried out. Pretty unrealistic, but like I said, maybe I did something wrong.

Log 2: So it's been a full 2 days, but I heard that some people live inside these puppies for weeks, so I'm not super worried. I found the exit button though. That's what's been worrying me lately. I try to access it, but it's not letting me out. I guess I'll have to wait til the food runs low and the pod ejects me. Really wishing I had told someone I was using this thing before I hopped in. I know I know, it says right on the box that you have to have someone spotting you to make sure nothing goes wrong, but it's like those terms of service things that they used to make us read. The whole "make sure you read in the entirety" thing was more of a suggestion, y'know? Please give me warranty on this.

Log 3: Day three of this, I'm trying to make some friends with the NPC's. Waiting for when I'm gonna be able to leave('s). The NPC's aren't really receptive to me right now, I guess because I'm a drifting mass of particles talking to myself? Good fear response though, really believable. Hey at least I'm not stuck in an elevator or something! That would really suck for 3 days, ha ha.

Log 4: Just trying to figure out how to play the game, waiting.

Log 5: So this is about the time when my food tanks would be running on low which is weird... Should be hungry I think. At least when the food supply runs out tomorrow, it'll get me out. Back to the bugs though, I noticed that I'm made of code as well when I looked at myself. That's a bit unnerving, you guys should really patch that... Also, I figured out the body thing! Yeah, if I concentrate on getting everything collected, all the particles go to the right place and I'm good to go. It's pretty hard right now though. I'm also kind of certain that you're not supposed to be able to do that sorta thing just by concentrating on it... Meh what do I know.