Achim.  Achim.  Achim.  Over and over this word replays in his mind.  He doesn't know what it means, in fact he can't even think about how weird it is that that's the only word he knows, it's just a feeling of a void; a void that encompasses his whole being, something that should be there but isn't.  Eventually a feeling of familiarity settles over him.  He is Achim, that's for sure.  With that knowledge he opens his eyes only to immediately close them as something blinding causes his body to react instinctively.  What is this feeling?  He has no way to describe it, no concept of color or descriptive language, language at all for that matter.  In the confusion which followed he discovered he was more than just mind and eyeballs.  He discovered he had hands, arms, legs, a torso and a head on top of that, none of which he named.  He used his new found appendages and covered his eyes as he slowly opened them.  Whatever caused him pain before was still there but his body didn't react as before and he was able to look around.  An overwhelming onselot of images rushed in, threatening to overpower him, his eyes instantly shut and his hands pushed outward.  He felt a rush leave his hands.  Curiously he opened his eyes once more, the world around him didn't come in as strongly, everything was dimmed to a level which didn't hurt his mind.  A vast forest surrounded him.  He smiled, even if it was dull, and a sound escaped him.  Jumping at his own laughter he pondered at it with wonder, laughing again and again at the own sounds coming out of his mouth.  Eventually the world around him returned to its normal radiance, colors trickled in and in the presence of such beauty tears welled in his eyes.  Oranges, reds, greens, the many colors of fall radoated within him and caused a warmth to flow from within him.  Suddenly he noticed a noise, voices in the distance, getting louder and louder.  It sounded similar to his laughter and he smiled as a feeling of anticipation welled inside him.  Turning in the direction of the sound he saw figures getting taller as they grew louder.  "Fulgur"!!!!  That word be louder than the rest startled him, but not as much as the blinding light which sprung forth from one of the figures, racing towards him at blinding speeds.  Instinctively Achim's hand swiped across his body and the bolt carrened off and slammed into a tree.  The figures stopped moving towards him.  Achim.  Achim.  Achim.  This thought raced through his mind, seeming to keep pace with his pounding heart, louder and louder with each thud.

"How the fuck did he do that"? It didn't make sense, he didn't say any spell, that lightning should have obliterated him.  Another memory gone for nothing, although Sam couldn't remember what it was (it was his first kiss).  "I don't know how he did that but we need to stop this guy, the guild wants him dead".  "Fuck this better pay well" you can always make new memory's in which you have told of cash.  

And with that Achim found himself at the center of a random array of magical attacks, lightning, fire, ice, rocks, and steel.  "Fulgur", "Ignis", "Glacies", "Ferrum Durum"!  These words meant nothing to Achim but the images caused unease within him.  Putting his hands up the projectiles stopped in mid-air, seemingly frozen in time they hovered and then disappeared when he closed his palms.  Red filled his vision, his eyes narrowed and one by one the infuriate figures disappeared as his gaze passed over them.  ACHIM.  ACHIM.  ACHIM.  ACHIM.  His heart pounded faster and faster and the name kept racing through his mind.  Sudden a noise startled him from behind and he whipped around, not sure what to expect.  A small fox stood before him, a mixed hue of fall foliage it's small frame brimmed with friendliness and it's eyes exuded trust.  Achim didn't know what this was but it caused the red to fade from his vision. He smiled and extended his hand, into which the fox happily placed it's head. Suddenly, the void seemed less deep. Achim....Achim....Achim....