I always wondered how I was gonna die. Even when I was a child, I’ve always been more fascinated then worried about how my exit from this Earth would play out. Maybe I’d die of old age, go to bed one day and my body would decided it no longer wants to function. Or perhaps something more horrific and random, like a car crash or a freak accident where a building collapses. Heart attack, cancer, brain aneurysm, most people don’t live their life knowing how they are gonna die, but we all gotta go one way or another. In my line of work, you see it all. From choking on a slice of gas station pizza to having a stranger on the subway cough onto a scrap your wife gave you on the back of your neck while trying to fix your collar, causing you to get meningitis, death is a unique and ultimately generic experience that we all eventually go through. I used to worry about how others would react. My coworkers, close friends, anybody who I’ve made any connection with throughout my life, how would they feel about me dying? Most would probably  give me a brief moment of thought, more out of empathy than genuine sorrow, and then carry on with their lives with no real effect or change. My mother wouldn’t of been able to handle it, but I don’t worry about that now since she’s passed. Maybe it’s better that way, to die without causing an impact, otherwise you leave grieving loved ones forced to carry your image and legacy on just because you can’t anymore. Your grandfather dies and you’re his only living relative. If you don’t talk about him, let his story live on through you, then who will? You want him to be forgotten by history because of your social laziness? Makes me wonder why I wanted to start dating. Maybe I want someone to care about me, even once I’m gone and I won’t even know. I think it’s selfish, but it’s the kind of selfish that's just a part of human nature, and we all accept it. 

I look across the table at my date. His name is Brian. He’s cute, funny, nice, but a little too eager. I get the feeling that he’s enjoying himself but he wants to hurry and get to the part where we have sex, though it could just be that he’s nervous. I’d like to say I don’t always give out on the first date but honestly I haven’t really been on enough dates to form that conclusion. He’s decent enough that I don’t see why not. Besides, if you’re using a dating app, you’re either a real creep or you’ve lowered your standards, and I could use a little intimacy. It won’t be anything overtly romantic, it’ll start off awkward. We’ll make small talk, gradually lean towards each other until our lips meet. He’ll unbuckle his pants, I’ll let my dress fall. We’ll make our way into his bed, maybe he’ll even carry me.Hopefully he lets me be on top. Regardless, I could use a nice night like this. Or maybe it’ll be horrible. The waiter will walk by, spill some hot soup all over him. His nice suit will be ruined, and so will the mood. He’ll apologize but insist we call it early. We’ll both go home our separate ways, change, masturbate, and go to bed thinking about our individual loneliness. Maybe we make it out the restaurant, start heading to his place. He’s obviously in a hurry, maybe he’ll try to speed past a yellow light a little too late, get crushed by a speeding semi. Maybe that’s how I’ll die.

Or maybe we make it to his house, and instead of getting intimate he decides to kill me. I’d be lying if I said that was the first time that had crossed my mind. It’d be an interesting turn of events. I wonder how he’d do it. I shame I wouldn’t be able to analysis the evidence myself, being what I’d humbly consider the best forensic investigator in the state, probably even the entire universe. It would have to be totally premeditated. We get to his house and everything is already set up, maybe plastic covering the house, could have a knife ready for the second I walk inside.

Whatever he has planned would have to be heavily pre-meditated. Something would have to happen in the car or in his house. He could have a chloroform rag under the driver’s seat, although realistically that be a poor choice of action since it would take about 5 minutes of me breathing that stuff in for anything to happen. Maybe he’s already drugged me, and that’s why he seemed to be rushing earlier. Or he’ll give me a drink once we’re at his place, roofied to kingdom come. Perhaps he’ll just attack me head on once I’m in bed with him. Gotta actually kill the person before you can start worrying about cleaning up. At the very least, he wouldn’t expect me to be suspicious as of right now, and victim survival depends solely on taking all opportunities when giving the chance. I haven’t told anybody about the date, so pretty much the only way anybody could know is if they found out through the app that set us up. First off, people need to know I was here. I’ll insist that I pay. He can refuse, but I’ll just buy something small and I’ll pay for that. I’ll use my card, and leave a nice enough tip for the waiter to remember me, maybe with a cutesy note saying something like *From Annie and Brian*. I could offer to give him a blowjob. It’d have to be here though. I could take him to a bathroom, or in the parking lot, somewhere private that doesn’t involve us leaving. I’d make sure to swallow, as the contents of my stomach will be examined once my body is found, if it’s found. I’ll make sure the GPS on my phone is on all night, maybe even make a phone call with him in the room, make sure that he knows that someone else knows where she is. In case he tries to just completely remove all evidence, including my body, I could always leave something that can be traced back to me: could cut myself in the car, leave some blood behind, scatter my hair around the house, etc. If he attacks me while I’m conscious, I could tell him about the evidence, try to scare him into backing out. Or maybe just try to fight him off. If he wins, he kills me and there is less of a chance of him finding and removing the evidence that I laid out. The only problem is that I can never truly know what he is thinking at any given moment, when he plans to strike, how far he has planned things out. Still though, he could just be a nice guy. Maybe it’s fine to let my guard down, just know that it’s always smart to have precautions set up.

I mean, at least that’s what I’d be thinking if I was her.