"Hey Pete, You still open?"

The weary-eyed man was clearly busy with other customers, but he gives me a pity chuckle nonetheless and waves me in, returning his attention to the guests at the counter. *I guess after a few hundred deliveries, even the best jokes find diminishing returns.* The lobby isn't *Ritz-Carlton* quality by any stretch of the imagination, but having some decent lounge chairs, free tv, and piping hot coffee goes a long way toward making it feel like home. Besides, when you've been on the night shift for 15 years, you take what you can get. I help Pete with the bookkeeping, he lets me loiter in the lobby. It's a good system we've got going here, and it sure-as-heck beats sitting at home alone.

I shuffle my way along the route to my table, letting the autopilot of endless routine take charge as I ponder a refresh of my opening line. '*Hey Pete, He hasn't fired you yet?'... Nahh. Too mean.* I fill up the same two stark-white coffee mugs we've always used, and finish my journey to the table. I sink in to my favorite chair as the chatter dies down in the lobby. A deep breath and a long sip of coffee later, the room is quiet once more. Pete has checked-in the last of tonight's guests, and he makes his way over to the table, bouncing down into his seat with an energy and excitement that should be reserved for puppies and candy stores.

"Joe! It's always great to see a familiar face around here! Are you finally going get a room, or is tonight another bookkeeping night?"

"Bookkeeping for me Pete. You know I don't need a room"

"Fair enough! I'm getting kinda used to having an assistant around here anyway. Don't know what I'll do if you ever decide to, you know, 'move on'."

&#x200B;

Pete's the only one I've ever told about our "situation". Sharing a house with your dead wife can be pretty depressing after a while, and Pete is pretty much the only real friend I've got left.

&#x200B;

"I don't plan on going away anytime soon, bud," I said with a smirk, "But, enough about me, How are you? How's Marilyn?"

"Oh I'm doing dandy, and she's good...  she's good... said to tell you 'Hi, Hope you're doin well', etc. etc.... OH. She wanted to ask if you'd make more of that tea you made last time around. She loved that stuff."

"Oh, really? Well that's good to hear man, glad you're hanging in there too. I don't know how you do it, dealing with these people all day. I'd be absolutely exhausted."

"Only by the grace of God," he said, finishing his cup and rising from the table, "better get back to it though. I'll bring the books over whenever you want to start"

&#x200B;

I spent the rest of the evening flipping through the ledgers, my mind starting to wander as the hours ticked by. As the sun rose, the lobby was once again filled with noise, as the chatter from hundreds of guests buzzed around the room. A young couple sit quietly on a bench near the entrance, whispering to one another, and lost to the world around them. A young child spots her grandparents across the room, and shouts of joy and excitement echo across the lobby. Another man takes a seat outside, sets a bouquet of flowers on his lap, and rocks back and forth in his chair, a contented smile on his face as he settles in to wait, for someone, I suppose. I see all of these people, and I can't help but wonder, "Are they Happy? Are they living their best life? Would they change it all, if given the chance, or are they at peace with where life has taken them?"

And I close my eyes, as the murmur of the crowd fades to white noise, and I fall asleep.

\------------------------------------------------

&#x200B;

"Hey Pete! You guy's open this early?"

His smile beams as another familiar voice cuts through the crowd. He turns to locate the sound, and with a grin and a bow he says, "Well good morning Mrs. Marilyn, How are you this fine day?" She practically skips to the counter, her red dress trailing behind her.

"Today is going to be the best day ever!" she proclaims, more to the room than to Peter himself, "You did tell Joe about the Tea, right?".

"Yes ma'am, I certainly did!"

"Then yes. Today is going to be a wonderful day"

&#x200B;

\------------------------------------------------

&#x200B;

I wake up, 9AM on the dot, as I always do. The weight and dread of yet another day still hangs in the air as I drag myself to my feet. I wish I could go back and undo it. If I only knew then what I know now. If only I could explain to her that living without her here is a fate worse than death, and the knowledge that she lives and breathes without me only cuts the wounds deeper.

*No. Joe, pull it together. She said this is what she wants, she said that knowing you're alive is enough, and you want her to be happy. You do want her to be happy, don't you? So do your job. Suck it up, for her, as long as it takes.*

I hate making the tea."Tea Day", sucks. I brush my teeth, splash some water on my face, and take a good hard look at the man staring back at me. *It's been 15 years man. How are you not used to this by now*? I manage to stumble my way out of my trailer, starting the slow hike back to our home. Memories of a life together, a future set in place, memories of blood, and of tears flooding back to me. The memory of a witch, a promise, a brew, and a prayer. I swat them away as fast as I can, and force my feet to trudge on. I have 1 job, and I won't let her down.

As I unlock the back door, the air is filled with dust, and everything is as it was 15 years ago. She couldn't bring herself to live here after the accident, and I don't blame her for it. But the silent, desolate emptiness that lives here in her stead is so much worse. We learned after-the-fact that the ritual has to be done here. We can drink the tea whenever and wherever, it seems, but it must be made right here. So, like a sick joke, I come back week after week, open the little gray box of ingredients and...

"Where's the box?"

"Where the FUCK IS THE BOX?!"

*You had 1 fucking job you dipshit. Where did you leave it? Why did you move it?! Where the fuck would I take it anyway? Wait. Seriously, I fucking hate this place, but it literally serves no purpose except for right here. I haven't moved the box in 15 years, why would I move it now?* Why would I...

On the kitchen table, I see a new box. Black and Gold, with a note attached. The note simply reads:

&#x200B;

*I'm Ready*

\- *M.*

&#x200B;

I rip open the box and find the three most beautiful things I could ever imagine. A polaroid, from our high school prom, where she looked so beautiful in her red dress; and two vials, one empty, one full, that simply read,

"The End"