Alistair laced up his Doc Martens and finished hair spraying his Mohawk into a fine pointed arc. He made sure his outfit was in check and finally adorned himself with his upside down cross. His phone buzzed with a text, “See you in 10?” It was from his roommate waiting in the living room. They were almost ready to attend their first meeting from the Satanic Temple. 

Since he was in his first year of high school, studying the aspects of religion or abstract philosophy was a subject that Alistair took great pride in. He wanted to go outside of the normal and wanted to pursuit various avenues that maybe considered taboo to some. It was all he had but he knew deep down, he wanted to discover who he truly was as a person. 

A year ago, his father had died from getting into a “hit and run” accident on the freeway coming home from his birthday. The experience as it being his 18th left him devastated. Alistair cut his hair, dyed it against his mother’s wishes, and used up a lot of his saved funds to buy a whole new wardrobe. He even changed his name from Joel to the ordained “Alistair” name once he began studying the tenets of satanism. It seemed to be the road that made sense and they welcomed him with open arms. 

Walking down the corridor to his room to grab his car keys, he suddenly stopped. Clenching his heart, a sharp crack of painful electricity was sent from his right arm back to his heart. It could have been a heart attack but within that moment, he lost consciousness. 

“Joel...Joel, you can wake up now.”

Like the curtain drawing from his eyes, Alistair felt he was being carried and opened them to see his roommate, Parker lifting him up. He sent him down on the couch and handed him a bottle of water. 

“Here you go. Are you okay, Alistair?”

“Yeah...yeah I’m okay. Did you call me Joel...you...?”

“I didn’t say anything when I saw you. I said fuck because I bumped into the coffee table and hurt my shin. If that’s what you mean...?”

Alistair looked at his phone. 

“We have to go! We’re going to be late!”

He grabbed Parker by the collar and the two of them quickly ran out the door. On the ride there, he asked Alistair if he was okay multiple times but he fell silent...He had been a relatively healthy boy and had never even been to a doctor outside a physical. Within his chest, he felt a bit of dread but he also noticed an intense warmth that seemed to radiate within his body. 

Upon entering the community center where the event was hosted, Alistair held the door knob and stopped while others entered beside the two.

“What’s wrong, are you okay?” Parker asked, putting his hand on his shoulder.

“I’m fine,” Alistair spoke. 

He was able to then push himself forward and they entered the building. 

“Thank you all so much for coming. This is our first meeting and the staff has been ever so welcoming on allowing us to have this seminar. Before I start going into the introduction and discuss the forward of Anton LaVey, would anyone like to come up as a new comer to Satanism to share any feelings? I want to make sure we keep this as an open dialogue to any potential fears or skepticisms you may have.” The speaker, a slid figure of a young man dressed in a pinstripe suit in faux leather boots stated to the crowd.

Parker turned to Alistair who stood up with his eyes closed. His body stood, a little haphazardly for a moment almost dangling like a puppet, for a moment then he took a deep breath. Suddenly, he stood proud and tall with a peaceful smile. His presence shocked Parker especially in his demeanor but Alistair cleared his throat.

“Thank you so much for quite an introduction. Would it be all right if I spoke?”

“Absolutely son! Come join me!”

He excused himself walking by the people to his right as he made his way to the aisle and smiled to everyone beside him. Parker watched his feet almost walk perfectly like a man on a wire. 

Upon getting to the front, the speaker featured him over to the microphone and Alistair smiled. 

“Just make sure to state your name for the record.”

Alistair nodded and examined the room before him. 

“Thank you all so much for coming. Not to steal the thunder from our lovely speaker here but I’d like you all if you have a pen and paper to please pull this out now or have it be supplied to you. Additionally at the end of this meeting, please make sure to empty all trash to the appropriate recycling and garbage containers. Without further declaration, my name is Raziel and this is part one of my lesson.”