Death is a funny thing. The living see it as some type of scary reality. But, once it happens it feels more like watching a movie. Not a very exciting movie mind you. It is more like one of those film festival movies. Slow moving and visually stunning with a sad melodramatic ending. Well I guess in my case it is more dramatic. Mere minutes ago I was driving down I-95. It had rained earlier so I decided to go a little slower than normal. My normal of course is 14 mph over the limit. A time tested rule that lets me go fast, but has never earned me a ticket. Going the exact speed limit of 55 mph I cruised down the highway on my way to work. On a particularly angled curve I noticed the blare of an approaching ambulance. Taking the cue to slow down and move into the other lane. My bald tires lost traction however, and I could feel them spinning on the surface of the road free. Hydroplaning I found myself drifting. Desperately trying to take control I turned against the direction of my car. But, the road was too curved.
My last living memory was a tree lined ditch. Now, I sit here. In front of me is... well...  is me. Someone has pulled me out of the wreckage onto the side of the road. Above me a cute EMT desperately tries to revive me. Her dark hair hangs over her face while she performs chest compressions. I wish I could wake up and thank her for her effort. Sweat is beading on her forehead from the effort alone. In the air, I don't hear any of the traffic around me or the sound of my burning car. All I can hear is her rhythmic counting. 
"15..16...17...18..." she panted in between breaths. Somewhat disappointingly she opts not to do any rescue breathing. Instead she checks my pulse and then continues with the compressions.  During the middle of a compression I can hear a loud crack ring out. 
"Ouch... there goes my ribs" I think to myself. I didn't feel any pain, but it was very unnerving to watch my own ribs being broken. 
As I sat there watching in morbid interest, I feel a hand placed on my shoulder. Glancing over I saw that it was indeed a hand. But, it was more fleshy than I suspected. Following it to its master I saw a dark hooded figure with a scythe. While the scythe was plain and unassuming, the robe was better kept  than I anticipated. 
"So, you must be Death?". I voiced, as I turned back to my body. 
"I guess my time has come, huh?"
"Well actually, you don't really have a time." he replied. His voice sounded more youthful than I thought it would. Curiously, I stare back at him to listen. 
"Excuse me?"
"Well..." he replied. He reached up too his hood and pulled it down. I was baffled to see that he wasn't a skeleton. Instead there was a young man, maybe 25 or 26, with smooth brown skin and green eyes. His hair was cut short and he had a scar covering his left cheek bone. 
"... you don't have a time. In fact you don't have a lot of things."
"What do you mean. Also you look more..."
"More not skeletonish?"
"Well yeah I guess."
Death chuckled at this and shook his head. Taking a seat on the ground next to me, we both turned to watch an ambulance arrive and ferry my body away.
"Honestly I didn't even know you would die today."
"I thought you knew when everyone died?"
"Well usually..." he reached into his robe and pulled out an ancient looking book. 
"... But you aren't even in the book." Looking me in the eye he then examines the rest of my body.
"Not only are you not in the book, you aren't even a a complete soul. The only reason I knew that you existed was because I was following that ambulance."
"What..." I look at my body intensely. I scan to see if there is some kind of hole in me. Searching quickly I can't find any thing. I look normal.
"Then what am I?"
"Well, you are like me I guess." he replies while standing.
 "The consciousness and a soul are created at the same time. Perfectly matched, they are joined at birth to make a human soul. That human soul is then listed in the registry. " flipping though the book in his hands he searches for a specific page.
"Every now and then a consciousness will be created, but the soul never delivered." sighing softly he closes the book and places it back into his robe.
"Wait, are you saying I'm not human!?"
"Well sort of. You only ever received a consciousness but never a soul. Without a soul I can't ferry you into the after life. You aren't fully human."
"How? How do I fix... me?" I whispered, still digesting the news of my humanity."
Death waves his hand and stands me up with some unknown force. Grabbing his scythe, he moves his hand over it and duplicates it. He looked at me and held the duplicate out.
"You can use this. You will need to retrieve it yourself."
Standing up, I grab the scythe and feel an explosion of light. Looking around me I am no longer at a accident scene on a highway. Around me I see a twilight sky and a dimly lit forest. My clothes have been replaced by a cloak matching Death's. In my head I still hear death talking to me.
"Your soul is out there somewhere. This is Limbo, the land of the lost souls. Heed my warning though. Human souls are not the only things roaming Limbo. Some of the inhabitants can be... aggressive. A human consciousness is a valuable thing. This scythe is the only means of keeping your own consciousness." 
And with that, he was gone. I look forward into the vast expanse of forest ahead of me. Calming my nerves I pull up my hood, take a deep breath, and step into the forest. 



 

