The creak of the hinges beckoned my eyes open.
    
*Another one*, I thought as I rolled onto my side and glanced at the glowing green clock. It was 2am - not a unique time from the other submissions. A popular time, in fact, for the angry and downtrodden people of the city to throw away their emotions.
    
To them, I was but a garbage bin - a place where they could all give up the emotions that destroy. In reality I asked for this since I had been born without feeling anything beyond “being”. “Existence”. 
    
I pushed myself up and flipped the small lamp on my bedside on, light flooding my small studio apartment. I closed my eyes, listening for the box. *Hesitation. Worry.* Those were the emotions flowing in. A slithering tendril. But that wasn’t all. It couldn’t be. There was something dark there, someone who needed saving.
    
I guess it didn’t really matter, though.
   
I fell back onto the bed, bored. I had used up the last emotions from yesterday right before bed. 
    
Yesterday, I had felt the rage of a man who had tired of his pre-teen son’s antics. His drugs, his drinks. His rage filled me to the brim, and I felt nothing more than the desire to strangle my - *his* - son. To watch the life drain from his eyes as he cried and dared me to do it at the same time. Because, let’s face it, that’s what Tyler would have done. He would have pushed me, and I would have done it. I would have killed that piece of shit and danced on his grave.
    
I mean - the man wanted to kill Tyler. But he couldn’t do that to the memory of his long-gone wife. Tyler had her eyes, and while he hated the way his irresponsibility shaped them. He had realized the only way he could see those eyes again were through his son. After the rage came the depression as I remembered her dull eyes on the hospital bed. The brilliant blue had turned a suffocating gray. I had cried. My wife - *his wife* - had died too young, thought the man. So he gave me his sadness.
    
Following that was the fear of his anger. The fear he was a monster. He threw that one out faster than the others. I’ve found that people didn’t linger on fear the most.
    
It was a rough night for me. I didn’t really understand why though.
    
I didn’t accept emotions from just anyone. There had to be something… *meaningful* attached. I needed my self-proclaimed purpose to mean something. It did yesterday for that man - he needed to rid himself of those emotions or... 
    
I shook my head, remembering I had not yet heard the box close. I bit my lip. *Is someone still there? Should I check again? I… I don’t want to… I feel like I would be pushing the patron through the forces of the universe… I want them to come back later if they can’t give it up now.* I sighed. Whoever it was, they were still dripping hesitation into the box. They hadn’t closed the little P.O. box down the street quite yet.
    
All of the sudden, a wave of intensity hit me and yanked me up as the box slammed shut. I jumped from the bed and grasped my chest as the tears fell and a strange tugging in my cheeks curled my lips. I threw my head back and laughed as the memories filled my mind.
    
A young baby with beautiful green eyes smiled as I cooed. A handsome man lounging across the beige couch with another baby bouncing on his chest. Our eyes met and we laughed together. 
    
Another scene, I was with my twin sister. She had that stupid perm I warned her against. She loved it, and I loved making fun of her for it. We were putting on our college graduation gowns, giggling as we cried.
    
Following that one, the scene of my dad grilling burgers for the 4th of July barbeque, and our mom jumping on the trampoline with my cousin.
    
Scene after scene, I witnessed the happiness of this life. This stranger’s life, her love, her everything. I basked in it, filling myself with everything this woman had. She didn’t want it, but I could take it. I could ration this happiness, these memories, these -
    
I dropped my hands and my smile followed as my heart found the tone of the worry and hesitation. 
    
*I don’t want to ever be happy again. I don’t want to remember. I can’t. I can’t. I can’t. I need to. But… No. No more. I’m tired. This life’s given me everything it could already. I can’t do this anymore.*
    
I sucked in a deep breath as the tears of joy turned into tears of grief. Grief had tangled in with the hesitation, just barely. She didn’t want to give that up though. 
    
I furrowed my brow. Something was wrong. But I might not be able to change anything. But could I?
    
Her voice echoed in my mind. *If I want to do it I can’t hesitate. I can’t think. Don’t think, just do.* The memory of her hands gripping the edges of the box shook. “Take them. Take them all,” she whispered. With a sudden flick of her wrist, she slammed the box closed. Her connection severed from me, her last thought echoing.
    
I ran out the door. *Don’t think, just do.*
