My parents were young when news of the Link started appearing. It took a while until people realized what joined the knowledge groups, and at first debate was rife. For example, it was thought that variants of the same name would link, but only if they were spelled the traditional, language-specific way; so Andrews, Andreys and Andrzejs would share knowledge, leaving An-Dré and Aendroo out. It may sound ridiculous, now that we've perfectly understood the practicalities (though not the origin and purpose) of the Link, but it was one of the more respected theories 25 years ago.Read more…

My dad was months away from his college graduation when it happened. His initial reaction was joy. Quite a few other Michaels had gone through med school and were accomplished surgeons and researchers; his final exams were suddenly a breeze. But his academic triumph was abruptly followed by trying to start a career during the labor crisis. The Link was the great equalizer. The knowledge he had so cheerfully relied on to get his degree was now available to just about anyone with a fairly common name. His intentions of becoming a pediatrician were crushed, as all positions were given to children, since competence was no longer an issue and patients preferred to be treated by someone their own age. He ended up working on a farm, trying desperately to turn off his overly educated thoughts.

My mum didn't feel the change quite as strongly. Out of (misplaced, it turned out - but how could they have known?) gratefulness to a great-aunt who had once helped them, my maternal grandparents named their daughter Ethel. The Link filled her head with a wealth of old-fashioned recipes and cleaning advice, but did little to either help or hinder her professional ambitions. She did, of course, have to jump through the annoying hoops of applications and interviews that a Mary or Laura would have waved off simply by introducing themselves, but ultimately had no serious issues making a name for herself as a ceramic artist. The arts had maintained their pre-Link "outsider" status, since it quickly became obvious that knowledge was no replacement for inspiration, creativity or skill; knowing all the facts and figures about Renaissance painters did nothing for one's ability to hold and use a brush.

The Factions were already in place by the time I was born. The major ones, organized around the main areas of human expertise, already had strict rules to weed out freeloaders and compensate for loss of knowledge. Most Johns and Marys, for example, were encouraged (if not full-on coerced) to study their field independently, with pre-Link methods, in order to become backup systems for the older members of the Faction. 85% of the world's population had one of the ten most popular names; the other 15% were mostly split between minor, more liberal factions.

Mostly, but not all. My dad's frustration and disillusionment with the Link and my mum's idealistic free spirit combined to convince them I should have a unique name and the freedom to make my own destiny. They told me the story with unabashed pride: how they spent weeks upon weeks drawing up lists, inventing spellings and researching the (back then still very much incomplete) Nameopedia to make sure there was no other living human bearing the same name. As far as they knew, I was the only Kayteigh on Earth. It's pronounced like Katie, but has none of the Link benefits.

I started first grade just around the time when schools were closing. The major Factions had enough members with at least a high-school education, allowing the more intelligent of the young ones to skip directly to higher studies. It was only the orphanamed who needed to learn things for themselves. (Yes, I'm well aware that it's an offensive term. It wasn't back then. It was annoying to be called that, but I never saw it as a slur.) It wasn't until middle school that I suspected the Link was affecting me as well.

There were 6 of us, it turned out. We got in touch online. Our skills and interests weren't varied enough to make much of a difference; Miller had a knack for algebra and Jones spoke fluent Spanish, making a few quizzes easier, but other than that we could have easily passed for pre-Link teenagers, toiling away at the core curriculum with only moderate success. None of us told our parents about the others; we had all been served versions of the same rebellion story, and felt it best to let them think they'd succeeded.

But the gig is up. I'm turning 21 next week, the legal name-changing age. And as charming as the idea of "making it on your own" might seem, I don't want to spend another 30, 40 years just catching up with what the Factions know from day one. I'm sorry, mum and dad, but I'm changing to the conventional spelling. I hope you'll forgive me.