Maxwell was alone on the staircase. He looked behind him and saw the crowds, waiting silent. He looked ahead and saw the small battery slot, capable of fitting a single AAA battery. He looked back at the crowd. He saw his manager, urging him to hurry up. Maxwell didn't see that pretentious cock up here on the staircase. This wasn't part of his job description, he was just supposed to clean the grounds. "Fuck it," thought Maxwell. "Maybe that cute chick in tourism will see this." Maxwell slid the battery into the slot. He also put it in backwards. There was a collective sigh from the audience as he tried to align the stupid little plus minus signs, flustered. Finally, he clicked the battery in. The crowd fell silent, all packed into the grounds of the Statue of Liberty. The only noises were the helicopters, all broadcasting live to the millions at home. Maxwell looked at the statue. The Statue stayed still. He looked over at his manager again. His manager rolled his eyes and sighed. Maxwell felt a burning hatred for the fat slob. Over the next few hours, the immensely disappointed crowd slowly started filing off the island, with ferries working overtime. Days past. Weeks. Months. Maxwell started dating that chick from tourism. Life was good. Everyone forgot about the time the Statue of Liberty had a battery pack. 

All except Max. 

Maxwell was alone that night, cleaning the grounds, when he felt a buzz. Brandishing his broom like a spear, he spun around, ready to defend his honor against the street toughs his mind had conjured up. Nothing was there, nothing but a little glowing switch at the base of the Statue of Liberty. Another vibration made the sidewalk he stood on quiver. Now that definitely wasn't fake. Maxwell squinted at the light. Jogging over, he dropped his broom and knelt by the switch. No writing indicated what this was for, just a little stone switch. He glanced around and seeing nobody, flicked it. A violent shaking threw Maxwell off of his feet. The Statue of Liberty shot out her arms and rotated them into a fighting position. A loud voice echoed through the night. 


"LIBERTY PRIME, ACTIVATED"






*please don't yell at me if there isn't a little island surrounding the Statue of Liberty, we don't have one here in Canada. 

Also this is my first time writing something longer than a sentence, so please go easy. 