[Admiral Markov to the bridge! I repeat, Admiral Markov to the bridge!]

Rising up out of his cot the young admiral fumbled for his duty uniform placed on the chair beside him. Pants perfectly folded with military precision and the jacket slung across the back of the chair, all to prevent unsightly creases despite the uniform being manufactured from a literally wrinkle free fabric. Admiral Markov was from the old school, back before the UNSC had fancy uniforms and anti-gravity technology. He had done his maiden voyage as an Ensign in the CMA, the Colonial Military Alliance. That was before the war that changed everything. And for Admiral Markov some old habits die hard. He had donned himself in his uniform before the Sergeant at Arms even got to his door to ensure he was awake. Opening the door to his quarters he practically startled the young Marine standing just outside.

*"Sir!"* The Marine saluted and the Admiral returned it with gusto. *"The XO requests your presence on..."* 

Admiral Markov cut him off. *"I know, Marine. Good work, carry on."* The Admiral began to make his way down the long hallway from the command quarters to the command deck. 

As the doorway opened and the Admiral walked onto the bridge a second Sergeant at arms called out *"Captain on deck!"* and he was greeted with another crisp salute from his executive officer, Commander Kinsmith, which he did in turn. The rest of the bridge crew remained seated at their consoles. Per the Admiral's standing order no one aboard his ship was to stop combat duties for mere formalities, and while the vessel may not be in combat the Admiral also said that aboard his command deck it was always a combat environment. 

The command deck of the light cruiser UNSC Fair Play was semi-circular and tapered similar to an amphitheater, with each of the command systems spread out along the far ends with redundant backups in the rear of the room. Originally the vessel was named Fair Game, but was renamed years ago after Admiral Markov cleverly faked a catastrophic failure by venting some unmanned decks into the vacuum of space during a fight with a Covenant Cruiser. The Admiral had the reactor power down to half yield and then cut power to most of the ship's main systems, leaving only the tactical and life support systems functioning. The move had tricked the Covenant Captain into sending boarding parties, which were not prepared for the UNSC Marines waiting in the hanger decks with all manner of weapons already situated for just such an occasion. The Covenant boarding crew had their communications jammed by the radiation inference of the two Shiva nuclear missiles stationed in the hanger bay which had been deliberately removed from their protective casings. When the aliens met heavy resistance there was no way to call for help before they were all dispatched. 

The Admiral had tasked one of his Pelican pilots with returning to the Covenant Cruiser carrying both the nukes. The pilot had been mortally wounded in the previous engagement with the Cruiser and although she remained conscious, she had maybe an hour to live before the bio-foam in her gut could no longer hold back the bleeding. She was tough and loyal, and willing to do anything to win. It had pained Markov to ask such a thing of her, but upon hearing his plan she stood and saluted with a mischievous grin. The pilot made it back to the Covenant Cruiser and inside its energy shields for docking, and then the alien vessel was replaced with a brilliant ball of light followed by trillions of red dots that faded into the night sky as the molten metal cooled. That clever subterfuge by Markov had won him a Bronze Star, and won the pilot the Medal of Honor. Before the war with the Covenant such a tactic would have been punishable under the maritime code of military law, but with the extinction of the human race looming around the corner it was deemed that all tactics were fair play against the Covenant. Hence the renaming of the proud vessel. 

*"Report"* Exclaimed the Admiral, and in order of rank the officers aboard the command deck began to give him the rundown. 

*"Sir, we exited slip space approximately two hours ago, and per your mission plan I sent down a recon unit to the planet's surface."* Explained Kindsmith. 

Then the survey officer chimed in. *"Upon exiting slip space and coming within range of the planet I performed the standard sweep of the surface and found some strangely familiar signals from this sector, sir."* A small strategic planetary map appeared on the captain's console as the young officer sent the information over. 

Kinsmith leaned over the back of the captain's chair and said *"I ordered the recon units to prioritize those locations before continuing on mission."*

Admiral Markov looked over the information and then looked up towards his executive officer standing beside his command chair. *"Have we gotten a report from the ground troops?"* 

Commander Kinsmith sighed and explained that the ground troop report is exactly why they requested his presence and broke the command rotation schedule on what would otherwise be a simple recon mission in uncharted space. Kinsmith touched a few keys on his data pad and sent information to the captains console. Another screen lit up and Admiral Markov enlarged it. 

The screen was from a helmet camera of one of the Marines on the ground just minutes ago. The Marines seemed to be making their way around a small hill of volcanic rock and upon reaching the other side the lead Marine began to cuss profanities and came up to the camera. He must have known which of his Marines' cameras was being watched by the XO because he literally grabbed the other Marine by the helmet and said very clearly *"It's another fucking LRRD!"* Then the camera feed began to move as the Marine carrying it got into position to see what his unit leader had seen. On the other side of the hill was a large metallic object similar in shape and size to an octopus, except with long sleek gray limbs and communication antennae reaching off what Markov assumed was its head. 

Markov canceled the feed. He stood from his captain's chair and in the authoritative tone of an angry father he called out *"Apothia!"* Just then a small pedestal beside the Captain's chair flickered with gold light and a one foot holographic figure appeared above it. The figure resembled a middle aged woman wearing the armor of a Roman Legionnaire and carrying a javelin. It was customary for smart AI programs to choose their own appearances, but Apothia broke trend by having two. Anywhere else on the vessel she manifests as the same female figure wearing simple Roman robes yet at least ten years younger and nearly nine months pregnant. Upon first being installed in the UNSC Fair Play the new AI had made the mistake of introducing herself to the Admiral upon his bridge in her more relaxed attire, to which he explained that when in combat situations he expected her to look ready for combat, and on Admiral Markov's bridge it was always combat. Markov had always theorized that Apothia's more rugged visage was symbolic of the same young woman having grown up after having kids, and now as the older and wiser mother she was determined to defend them to the death.

**CONTINUED...**