Benjamin Gates proceed to do reaserch on his daughter. Mainly social media stuff like facebook, instagram. After hours of stalking her like a pithin stalks his pray, he decides to make his move: create a tinder acount using a picture of a younger man. He then proceeds to swipe and like until he finally finds his target. He likes her picture, she likes his. Its a match! They proceed to chat. Ben, being the man that he his tries to impress her with his knowledge thinking that she would be interested in him. Little does he know that all she wants is an adress so she can come over and fuck, the real reason people use tinder. Eventually, she gets tired and simply asks to come over, Ben is surprised and think his cover is blown so he gives her a public spot to go to later that night.

As the girl is sneaking out, her father notices a strange noise only to realize his daughter is indeed sneaking out. He decides to follow her to see what is going on. As he follows her, flashbacks of Paris rampages through his simple yet complex mind. He is starting to get anxious and angry, thinking about how stupid his daughter is to go out alone at night in the streets of harlem. (Yes, while Ben is very knowledgeable regarding the past, he is clueless about the present and doesn't know that Harlem can be a bad place for a white man to go and hide in an alley behind a liquor store waiting for hus prey). The girl finally comes to a stop, gets out and lights herself a nice swisher full of weed. Why not right? She is on a tinder date in Harlem in the middle of the night, might as well enjoy. Her father is now shaking due to ptsd regarding her first abduction and all the crazy stuff he had to do to save his clueless young daughter.

Ben, still in that alley spots the girl. He sees her sparking something that is so big it looks like a log. From his reaserch made on her, he can not only assume that it is her due to her poor rolling skills and her ability to completely ruin a simple french inhale. He decides its now or never. Gets out and run towards her. Her father sees a guy running towards his daughter and flips. His instincts kick in and he gets out of his white beattle and pulls a gun on Ben, kills him, knocks his daughter unconscious with the gun and goes back to his car. Puts hus daughter in the backseat and disappear into tye need night.