I sighed as I put on my suit.  Not the kind of 'suit' you would expect for a superhero, but a three piece, designer suit you'd expect to see on a high priced lawyer.  I sighed again as I looked at the aviator sunglasses that completed my 'costume'.  I hated putting them on, which is kinda funny, since they'd made me famous.  I'd always wanted to be famous, but this... it felt... cheap.  But i put them on, and squared up my shoulders, and picked up my mug of coffee.  It was time to go on patrol.

As I walked out the front door of my house, I didn't bother to lock the door behind me.  Who would break into the house of the most powerful hero of them all?  I heard the cameras start to click from the paparazzi, heard some fans start cheering my name.  I took a sip of coffee to give them a moment to get their 'fill'.  They all stayed off my property, thankfully, but as I walked through the gate at the end of my walk I was surrounded by a several reporters, with cameras and microphones.

"Peacemaker!  How do you feel about the new laws they're considering for people with super powers?"  
"Peacemaker!  Violent crime has fallen by 76% since you came to the city!  Do you feel this is all your doing?"  
"Peacemaker! The trial for bank robber Tyler Dewey is supposed to take place in less than a week!  Will you be there?"

I waved them away casually, and said, "I'm sorry, I don't have time for your questions right now.  Just know that I'm doing what I can to try to Keep everyone in the city safe! Thank you!"

The same damn line I used every day, now.  I figured if i kept my actions routine that the reporters and the fans would go away, but after six months, they kept showing up.  I turned away from the microphones and started to walk, and the people parted before me like the Red Sea.  There was a brief scream of "I love you Peacemaker".  It was hard to tell if it was from a woman or a child, but I gave a wave and a smile as I kept walking.

And walking.  And walking.  I walked downtown, to my favourite restaurant.  They had a table for one ready for me, with my favourite meal laid out, just like every day.  They never accepted my money, so I ate quickly and went back to the walk.  From there, today, I felt like walking... North.  There was a baseball game that way today, and things were always calmer when I did a walk-by.  There was also a pizza place up there that I liked to stop in.  Quiet place.  Great pizza.  Sadly, they never took my money, either, but that was a part of life now.  The owner had a signed picture of us just inside the door, and he seemed happy with that.

I never even did anything when I was walking.  I just... walked.  This was my life, now.  The life of a superhero.

Peacemaker, on patrol.  Reporting in for duty.  Keeping the city quiet.  God my feet hurt.