I woke with a start, there was so much noise in the room I could barely comprehend what was going on. 

My wife was stood over me shaking me by the shoulder shouting at me to wake up. "Wha..." I felt groggy, it was 4 in the morning and she expected me to jump out of bed. "What's going on?" She looked at me with that 'I will kill you if you dont do as I say' look. "Ok ok im getting up just tell me what's going on" she ignored me as she pulled a suitcase out from under the bed and began packing it. "Julie!" I shouted but it only seemed to aggravate her more.

"Listen to the radio!" She shouted as she threw some fresh underpants at my face. I didn't pick up on it before in my half asleep state but now I could hear it. The radio was playing the same message over and over with a polite but booming voice 'EVACUATE IMMEDIATELY, GET TO HIGH GROUND' I squinted in confusion.

"What's going on?" I asked Julie.

"I don't know, the Internet is broken and that same message keeps repeating. I heard..." Julie looked at the window with remorse, the curtains were closed.

"Heard what Julie?" I looked at her with more confusion, what was she trying to say?

"I... I heard... I heard screams" she looked horrified.

"Screams? There are no screams what are you talking about?" She snapped a look at me, a look of despair.

"There used to be screams... now there are none" I looked at her with a dumbfounded look.

"Are you ok?" I asked her.

"Ill be fine" she said willing herself back to the real world.
I got out of bed and got dressed before helping Julie with the packing which didn't take long. I'm an ex-soldier after being assigned to several deployments into hostile war zones, which has given me the basic skills of survival. One of which is how to pack light and how to do it quickly. 

"What's outside?" I asked Julie while walking to draw the curtains, she had looked at the window earlier as if scared by something.

"No don't!" I stopped just before drawing them. *don't?*

"What? Why not?" I looked at her confused once more.

"The... the tv... it said to not look outside" she was being crazy again.

"The tv?" I turned the bedroom tv on and all that showed on every single channel was a message reading

'STAY INDOORS AND DO NOT LOOK OUTSIDE'

"What does that mean?" I asked myself while thinking what the hell was going on. The TV and radio said opposite things to each other.

"I don't know" Julie answered anyway "but don't look outside"

"Why not?" I asked her. The tv might say not to but what harm could there be in looking?

"There was knocking..." Julie stared off into space once more, how long had she been awake? "Knocking on the door, all the time just knocking, they wouldn't answer to me. They just knocked"

"Why didn't you answer?" I asked her.

"I saw the message on the tv that's when the knocking started, I was scared... scared to look what's out there"

"I'm going to look" Julie looked at me in the eyes with horror "it's fine, we're going to be going out there anyway if we need to get out here, even if the TV says not to. High ground seems the best place to be in most situations, trust me" Julie nodded at me knowing the experience I have with hostile war zones. I opened the curtain and looked in horror, I closed them and fell back onto the floor almost hitting my head on the bed frame. Julie ran over to me.

"Patrick! Are you ok? What was it? What did you see?" I looked at her with terror in my eyes.

____

[Part 2] (Https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5qf97d/wp_internet_goes_down_an_emergency_public/dcz89d9/)