Do you have any idea what it’s like, to raise a child like this? Their whole life; wasted – save for a few happy moments. I begged for the healers to help him. I prayed - gods, I prayed so hard for my boy. Pete was born without the use of his ears or eyes. The doctors called it a freak act of magic. They were surprised he lived past infancy. What we never expected, nor could have prepared for, was his learning disability.

My wife and I - we were strong for him, little Pete; we had to be strong. Growing up in this world can be so cruel. We moved to Brighton. The schools there were better; They had a program for children like Pete. The best part was the teachers worked with the parents too. My wife and I learned to sign into Pete’s hand. They always said his hands would become so sensitive, so methodical. It was the only way he could communicate.

We cherished the small moments – it was the only way for us to keep our family together. The first time Pete had ice cream, my wife signed the word into his hand. He tried a spoonful; his eyes immediately lit up. He flapped his hands playfully and signed the work “happy.” I teared up a little – was this all the world could offer him?

He made friends at the school. I couldn’t believe it; some children took a liking to Pete. His friend, Kenney, quickly discovered he was the wizard of bubblegum. Man, I had never seen a kid blow bubbles like that before – it was incredible. Pete and Kenney would sit together at lunch - Kenney helped Pete with the bubblegum; Pete laughed when he felt the bubbles burst around his face.

When Pete was ten years old, I got a call from his other friend, Roger.

“He um, Mr. Coffee Wizard sir, can you bring Pete down to the arcade on 8th street?”

“Hi, is this one of Pete’s friends?” I asked.

“Yeah, I’m Roger; you could call me the razor scooter wizard.” Roger said, I chuckled.

“Wow, razor scooter wizard! That’s impressive.” I knew it was roger, but everyone likes their flattery, especially kids.

“Thanks! so we were going for pizza around 5, then to the arcade after. Can Pete be there?”

“Sure, I’ll bring him. Thanks Roger.”

“Ok neat. And uh I was thinking – I know Pete has his wheelchair, but do you think we could get him a special scooter, so he can scoot with me and Kenny?”

“We’ll see,” I said, sobering.

I took Pete to the arcade. It was up near Soho, next to the bowling alley. My wife and I used to bowl here often, before Pete was born.

*Flashing lights?* Pete signed.

*Yes. Games.* I signed back.

Roger and Kenney both came over, chewing bubblegum. Roger and Kenney felt Pete’s hands. Pete could distinguish their individual touch, he had such a supple; delicate grasp.

*Bubblegum?* Pete signed, smiling.

*Yes,* Kenney signed, putting a piece close to Pete’s mouth. Pete chewed happily.

“Lets do space invades!” Kenney said.

Pete took his turn, and lost within the first 30 seconds. I let him play with the controls for another minute before pulling him away. Roger and Kenney moved to the two-person shooter games; I didn’t blame them.

I took Pete to the pinball machine. At least pinball had tactile feedback. Maybe this would be better for him?

Pete’s eyes lit up, not with excitement, but with magic. I stuttered, my hands began shaking. Nervously I fumbled with the quarter, I couldn’t steady my hands to put it in the slot.

“Hey mister, do you need help?” another boy said, noticing my nervous excitement.

"Please,” I said, pleading. I leaned against the wall, breathing heavily, while the other kid fed coins into the machine.

“Good luck. I’ve got the top score on all these machines!” he said proudly.

Pete fumbled with the bumpers, and I pulled the ball release back. It was amazing. Pete was miraculous. His eyes glowed blue, and he played for two hours, never faltering. The young boy, Roger, Kenney, and others gathered around to watch in amazement. Who *was* this kid?

Thomas knew, “It’s the pinball wizard.”

I sat on the bench sobbing. It was the happiest moment of my life.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Edit: link to my [sub](https://www.reddit.com/r/BLT_WITH_RANCH) for anyone interested in more. 