"Wha-what?" Is the only phrase I can stammer out before the gunfire starts. My walls explode with dust as the bullets tear through the thin plywood of my walls. My ears ring in pain as I crouch into fetal position holding my ears, I feel blood. The leader shouts "FALL BACK!" And the group moves in sync towards my back door. "Bowman, Edwards, clear the path through the exit!" The two rush out, guns drawn and fire in different directions. I look over at the splintered and destroyed remains of my front door. There's dozens of these... creatures... they resemble dogs in the body structure alone. The rest looks like a mr.potato head put on wrong. It's mouth spread all the way from its left ear to halfway through its face, armed with razor sharp teeth. It had 2 eyes on top and one on the right side of its face. From what I can tell it's nose is behind its top eyes. It had no snout, like it should have been a human but is all wrong. The thing was huge, with heavy muscular legs. Its feet though... they weren't feet, they were human hands. 4 of them, being used as if they are feet. It had no claws, just its hands. I looked on in horror at these abominations. One of the creatures saw me, and charged in my direction. The leader of the swat team shot the beast in base of the neck, killing the beast. "If you want to live I suggest you come along quick" I took that as my cue to leave. I pulled myself to my feet and sprinted to the group as they were making their way outside. "Markel get the door!" One of the members slammed his back to the door and pressed against it with everything he had, grabbing against the sides for support. "That's not gonna work" I thought to myself, then his shoulder turned into a cloud of crimson and his left arm was thrown from his body. A bloody hand now stood in the place of his shoulder, then slammed against his chest and pulled straight back, ripping a hand sized hole in his chest. I saw the mans face go from red from straining to hold the door, to pure white as the  blood that should have been in his head drained down through the new opening in his chest. I studied his now lifeless face, entranced by him. One of the members grabbed me by the shoulder and pulled me away, unlocking myself from that position. "Run!" One of them screamed, and we took off. "Where are we going?" I asked, desperately hoping for an answer. But they were too busy shooting and running to answer. He screamed "MANHOLE!" And one of the members drew a crowbar and lifted up the steel sewer cover. They piled down the hole, somewhere along the way I slipped and fell straight down to the bottom. Narrowly preventing my head from turning into mush. The one I think was called Edwards dropped the cover violently. The creatures pawed at the cover, and Edwards fired through the tiny hole in the cover. Eventually he killed enough that they covered the hole. We set up camp and started a fire using.... id rather not think about it... and heated up a little kettle with something in it. I asked the captain what the hell those things were. " I dunno, but the aint friendly" one of the others spoke up "I think it's us being punished for our sins. We are finally getting that reckoning we have deserved" he was met with the captain saying "shut up spencer! It's no damn second coming" another chimed in "they look like experiments. Something cooked up in a lab" "alright that's enough! We need some rest for tonight or we are dead tomorrow. We need to move towards D.C., that's our best bet. Johnson you're on first watch" I laid my head on the little makeshift pillow made from extra clothes and thought about my family and friends. What happened to James or Sam? In my heart I knew they were gone. I pushed it off, there will be time for mourning later. I turned my head to the side, switched off the little hand lantern light, and closed my eyes....