The delicate pot stood in its chamber, waiting for the voices of the ancient victims of the Pompeii blast to finally be heard. Most of it was already broken, but there were enough whole segments to tell their story. The researcher turned the valve and the chamber filled with a fluorescent liquid. He turned on the audiograph and leaned forward with... anticipation.

Slowly, the clay started to dissolve; immediately, screamed issued from its contents. The low guttural howl of a man from another time, in another language, as the ash entered his shop and consumed him. The researcher recorded the noise and smiled at himself, proud of his achievement.

The glass chamber rippled as the voices grew louder and others joined in. The liquid grew cloudy as more of the clay dissolved. The ash from the superheated pyroclastic flow mingled with the liquid as well, turning it a dark grey. The noise grew louder still, and small plumes of clay moved through the liquid faster and seemed to vibrate at its intensity. The researcher grew concerned reduced the volume of the audiograph.

There seemed to be no effect. His attempts to dampen the sound were met with even louder shouts from the chamber, in a foreign language he could not understand. The glass vibrated with greater intensity and, for a moment, the researcher watched in horror as the glass walls bulged outward in a flash, before shattering and blasting him.

The contents of the chamber remained still. He looked up from the ground at the floating suspension that continued to wail. Small plumes of ash started to pile out of the chamber. He attempted to scramble away before the ash took hold.

He felt the heat of the ash the way the Pompeians themselves did. The ash tumbled out faster and consumed him. The glowing red crevices of the slowly hardening ash started to animate. The researcher's breath was sucked out of his lungs as he shrieked in pain. In a single breath, he was silenced.

Horns grew from his upturned spine, and wings sprouted from his back as dark as the superheated ash that consumed the man. He stood and gazed out of hollowed eyes at the new world he inhabited.  The creature howled and the building was blown away as more ash tumbled out from where the chamber once was. Thousands of years later, and he was released once more. Vulcan was freed.