The school rule book was very clear about the use of black magic. I was starting to understand why. The old books were too interesting to be unread. I came early to class every day so that I could read them. I lost track of time reading the biology books as they seemed like so much more than magic. Reading them I learned not only how to cast silly spells, as the newer books does, but also how to manipulate the physical laws of the universe. What was in the past was now present, the unknown future was now known. Over the past week I read chapters about giving life back to the dead. I had never tried anything I learnt in these books I real life, but this I just had to see for myself. Surrounding the school is a large forrest filled with animals of all sorts, mostly birds however. During recess I went out to the forrest in hope of finding some poor dead animal. The forrest was empty and silent. All I could find was an innocent baby bird looking for his mom. With little time until next class and knowing I could revive the bird I decided too kill it with a spell. "Morietur" I shouted. My conscience hit me as the creature fell to the ground and I immediately casted the spell I learnt hours before "ex mortuis resurrexerit credent".

To my surprise I was back to the class room ten minutes before the next lecture was to begin. Amazed by what I had just witnessed I casted the spell once again, but this time directed towards myself. After what felt like a hard hit in the face, I saw nothing. Nothing had happened. To my disappointment I turned around towards my preferred chair. As I turned I was greeted by a skeleton inches from my face. I jumped back as did the skeleton. "Who are you?" I shouted. The skeleton just looked at me without saying a word. The door to the class room opened and in came mr. Grader, the biology teacher, followed by the other students. "I see you brought out the skeleton for me, thank you" said mr. Grader as he caught me in his sight. "That is very thoughtful of you. The back is getting better and I shall soon be able to carry things like normal again". I just nodded wondering what on earth he was talking about. Why was no-one reacting to the skeleton? Everyone was going on as usual. I sat down at my chair. "Let us begin" mr. Grader said. He started to talk about how the human body reacts to different spells. "I know you like to use the puft spell on your friends. It is fun, yes, but you shall be very careful. A master wizard like me can really make you fly if I was to cast it on one of you". Mr. Grader turned to the skeleton as he casted the spell. Next thing I know I went flying into the back wall of the class room.