" Ryder, you're seeing this right?" Gawain said, confused and bewildered.

"Uh... Yeah." Ryder said, with his mouthed agape and his eyes focused on this strange sight.

A group of pixies, about six of them, the same size as Gawain's group. They all have the same look of shock and embarrassment, like they spilled wine on a noble mans white shirt. Gawain looking at the group, turned his eyes to his own group to gauge the reactions. 

Trisha had stopped playing her lute mid strum, and looks confused by this predicament.

Marigold had accidentally dropped her ingredients for dinner from all the commotion, and has the face of a angry bear.

Thaymor has a stoic face, in fact, he has the same face for every situation, everyone is pretty sure he's emotionless.

Moradinn is in a haze from sleeping, and hasn't really taken in the sight.

"Okay, so, we can explain this. " A pixie that stood in front of the others said, "So, my names Thera, and uh... Well.." as she started to get nervous, one of the others speaks up, loudly and abruptly "We're your number one fans! We've been following you since you slew Thakmor The Wretched, writing stories about your-"

"Wait wait wait, wait. You've been following us for three years?!" Gawain said astounded, "That's crazy! I'm surprised we've never se-" he stops mid sentence as he looks closer at these pixies. " Are you wearing a miniature version of my armor?" He said, looking to the one at the far right.

"Gawain I'm your biggest fan! I love everything you've done so far, and all my stories about you will show the world the true hero you are!" this tiny woman said, posing like she has a sword pointed to the sky.

Gawain has never looked more perplexed in his life.

"Wait, so this is the second time you guys have mentioned writing stories about us." Ryder said as he steps in again, "You've been writing stories about us for three years, so, i guess the biggest question is; who do you pair Gawain with? I've been shipping him and Trish for a few years now.

"RYDER!" Trisha said, finally stepping into the conversation. "Are you serious??" she said exasperated.

"Eh, I always paired him with Marigold."

"I liked him with Lady Estella from Stone Lake,"

"Moradinn and Gawain forever."

"I mean I always wrote myself as his partner."

"The ancient female dragon was my personal choice."

"I write smut about you and Gawain sooo-"

"Why are you all writing  about me?" Gawain said looking around, wide eyed and confused.

"I mean, why not? " Ryder said, shrugging his shoulders.

Gawain screams on the inside, for he is confused.