I couldn’t speak. My eyes followed as he passed through the threshold of the door. His gaze drifted under me as he entered, hammering the toe of his work boots to the floor, allowing the flakes of snow to drift onto the mat. The weight of the door closed itself as he released his coat down his shoulders, and the same perfume of motor oil filled the living room as it had done every time he came home before. 

Then he turned. His face paled and his jaw dropped slightly. The jug of milk nearly fell from his fingertips, but he wrestled his composure to keep it in hand. 
“Hello?” He said, suspiciously. His brow was freckled in dirt, but nothing else had changed. Neither the clothes he had worn, the color of his hair, or the size of his muscles. Even his goatee stood neatly trimmed, just as Mom used to like it. 

“Can I help you?” He asked. 

I stared at him, wishing I could speak, but nothing would come out. He was the last person I had seen in years. I remember the day he left me, I was finally allowed to stay home by myself. I was so excited that I wasn’t sure what I would do for the 15 minutes he would be gone. I thought about watching TV, but that would have been too boring. I had to do something exciting! 

“Aaron!” Dad shouted as he leaned to the side, peering down the hallway before snapping back towards me. He stepped towards me, eagerly awaiting a response from the distance. 

The paralysis of my limbs left me motionless beneath the foot of his rocking chair. My legs and arms were sprawled across the floor like a young child making snow angels in the front yard, and a cold draft moved across my naked body. 

“Where is my son?” He mumbled as the silence echoed back to him. 

My eyes opened wide in attempt to communicate as I watched him draw closer to me. I blinked in rapid succession to tell him I was Aaron, but the look on his face was far from that of understanding. My eyes were all I had. They were the only part of me that were not subject to the growth. 

“Aaron!” He cried out again as he tossed his jacket over my body. “Don’t you fucking move!” He told me as he walked backwards down the hallway. 

I wanted to cry. My life had been stolen and my own father no longer knew me. The people of the sky had stolen me from him, but he will never understand. I sat in the heavens for 50 years wondering if I would ever see Earth again. Not just my family, but just the world I came from. I saw other creatures strapped all around me going through their own unique surgeries. All in complete silence. No one spoke or moved anything but their eyes, for years. 

I saw them begin to disappear one by one. Vanishing into tiny particles before being vacuumed away, allowing space for a new creature to be examined. At first I wondered where they went, but as time went on it no longer mattered to me. I just wanted to find the end. I waited for my time, and it came like a deep sleep without dreams, just a conscious emptiness. Not black or white, just empty. 

“Aaron!” I heard again as a door whistled shut. His footsteps beating the ground back towards the living room in haste. 

I felt a stiffness in my joints followed by an excruciating pain. The crackling of my bones rung in my ears, and my muscles became taut. My chin thrusted toward the ceiling in agony and the veins began to swell in my neck. I could feel the carpet tearing at the backs of my legs and arms. The jacket began to swallow me, and everything went dark. 

The footsteps began to get closer and I could barely hear him speaking over the groaning of my own body. 

“My son is missing and there is a naked...” He stopped. 

The darkness was lifted off of my face and he looked down at me once more. 

“Son?”




