It’s been seven years since Total Immediate Consequence was instituted. Seven years since I’ve been able to decide whether I hated myself more than everyone else hated me. Seven years since my life’s work and pride was perverted and twisted to do the opposite of its original goal, and enslaved me to its new bloody purpose. You see, I am an officer in the National Public Safety Defence, and had been for years before TIC, or Tick Tock as most people refer to it, came into being. “Tick tock,” people will tease if they see you do something wrong. “The Squad is coming for you.” For the rest of the year, it’s an idle threat, but for the next 24 brutal hours, it’s no joke.

11:42 PM.  I can’t tell whether it’s the frozen air that’s made me numb. I’d go for a smoke but I can’t bring myself to move voluntarily, and besides, there are no nerves to quiet. I’m closer to an automaton than a person now. I considered killing myself, even though suicide is banned. You’re dead so who cares, right? Wrong. Turns out as an added disincentive, failing to report indications of self harm is punishable and everyone you care about is going to have a futile time convincing the Security Threat Assessment Tribunal that there was no way they could have seen it coming. My husband and daughter have long since left me, but I’m not convinced that that places them beyond scrutiny. 

Ironically, being reported for self harm won’t get you killed like everything else would today.  And for a Defence officer, there is no charge that will get you killed, since any infraction is considered an attempt at “law assisted suicide” which is a perversion of the law. Instead what happens is you and all the self-harmers get carted off and experimented on. The thinking is that if you want to be harmed, it might as well be for the greater good. 

11:57 PM. Three minutes. Three minutes until flicking a cigarette butt into the street will get you arrested. Three minutes until being lost can be mistaken as loitering and your life is forfeit. Three minutes until the most hateful decide to phone in tips about their pot smoking neighbours.  It’s not common, but it does happen. Anyone who calls anything in today is on my radar for the rest of the year, but this petty vengeance has long since stopped bringing any solace. 

12:00 AM. The phone is ringing. Christ. I always show up for this shift early so that I can make sure that over-eager tipsters who call in before it’s officially March 15th are denied the satisfaction of getting their neighbours murdered.  The first couple years it happened, but not as much anymore. 

“TIC Squad. Your call is being recorded, analyzed and traced. How can we assist you?”

I don’t actually need to tell them that the call is being analyzed and traced, but the first year, an angry 14-year-old called to express her dissatisfaction, which itself is allowed, but she was a minor and audibly drunk. By tracing the call and applying voice recognition she was identified. She was in her father’s custody, so both were arrested, tried, convicted and executed, all in time to still make the morning paper. Asha and Esel Oben was the first executions of Total Immediate Consequence. “There are no small crimes,” the article read, “and this day serves to remind us of that. Though through the year we show leniency befitting a tolerant society, TIC reminds us all that any action that disrupts our social order is a grave act that warrants grave measures. Leniency is an act of mercy, not a right.” 

There is a moment of tense hesitation on the other end of the call, so I try to capitalize on the instinct.

“If you have called this number in error, you may still disconnect. In 4 seconds, this will be considered a disruption of Defence work and there will be consequen-”
*click*

I breathe, only now realizing I hadn’t been. Perhaps another father can watch his daughter turn 15. It’s my job to make the arrests and when we had arrived at the Oben house, she was still full of fight and anger. But nothing sobers and subdues a person faster than watching a loved one get arrested for something you’ve  done, especially on this day. The look of helpless desperation on Mr. Oben and abject horror and defeat on Asha haunt me still. I’ve done better at forgetting the others. Mostly.

12:04 AM. The phone rings again, and I answer with my usual disclaimer, but I’m not so lucky this time. It seems one Morten Toller is out for blood.

“Yes, I want to report a noise disturbance.”

I hate this man. I can’t even hear any noise in the background.

“Very disturbing. It’s very late and they are being very loud. Apartment 46, Harmony Meadows.”

My heart stops as I glance at the call trace details.

“Mr. Toller, our system tells us that this is *your* apartment. Is there someone else there?”

The awkward pause confirms my worst fear. I don’t let him respond.

“If there is no one else there, your report will be considered an attempt at self harm for which the consequence is not execution, but enrolment in the Willingly Endangered Citizens program of the Medical Research Institute. *Is someone else there?*” 

Silence. I don’t know what I’m hoping for; there is no right answer. If he says there isn’t, his death will not be short and painless, and if he says there is, we now have to investigate.  Perhaps I could lead him to answers that won’t result in his incriminating himself or searching for a scapegoat, but that  is a heavily armed minefield.

“It’s someone else,” he warbles, finally.  A small relief, but this is dangerous for us both and the shake in his voice doesn’t inspire confidence. Most people drown their emotions in alcohol tonight. I wish they wouldn’t. Mistakes are so easy to make. I order my questions carefully, praying hard that he has the sense to pick up on what I’m trying to say. 

“Did you get a look at them? Are you able to describe them?”

“Uh, no! No, I didn’t. They were banging on the door, but they’re gone now.” 

One knot in my stomach relaxes but is quickly replaced by another. I make a show of getting some more details about the incident and disconnect. What have I done? I can’t believe I’m such an idiot. I might have kept Morten Toller out of that diabolical program, but may just have added myself to it. Now I have to hope against hope that something remotely deserving of death happens so this isn’t a priority, but unsurprisingly, all the rapists, kidnappers and murderers tend to take today off.  What if the building has CCTV? What if none of his neighbours corroborate his fake noise complaint? If it were something benign like an animal, could this be construed as disruption of Defence work, but not an attempt at self harm? He could still die, and neither of us would need to be a Martyr for Scientific Progress. But no, he said banging. Animals don’t bang on doors. Damn it! Why the hell didn’t he just cause a *real* disturbance, if all he wanted was to die?