Mortal coils shuffled in the night at long last. The bells tolled in the north, from the Reach to the Rift and all lands between. Their champion had fallen not to the knife, not fire, not on field of battle, but to the cold, and to time. While Nirn and Tamriel laid restless in their absence, the Old Gods stirred, wrestled from their realms and their crypts and their often fiendish ambitions. While Skyrim mourned, the Daedric Lords descended upon the vessel; the soul of the Dragonborn drifts in the vast emptiness of Oblivion. 

Hermaeus Mora rose first, in greed and filth, wanting in waiting to wrench the knowledge of the black books back from the Dragonborn’s spirit; the arrival of fellow Lords spurning him from pressing forward. 

Each lord’s realm bled into the vast nothingness. The fires of Mehrunes Dagon, persistently familiar in the minds of many, surged forward as the Prince of Destruction took his steps into the mid-realm. He stood, stoic, uncharacteristically reserved. Not Mora, not Nocturnal, not anyone would threaten his claim. 

Nocturnal’s mist seeped through, the Twilight beaming through the open frame. Boethiah slithered into existence, to the dismay of Meridia. The others soon followed suit, and not before long, all sixteen Lords of Oblivion were gathered, for the first time in a millennia. Their presences differed vastly, their power unfathomable, crowded around in a wide circle while the Dragonborn, unbent, stood center. The Dragonborn, with their cunning trickery, soon became evident.

The Dragonborn, for all their wit and careful measure, must have had the forethought to deal with these Lords when the time came. The Dragonborn would never reach the sacred afterlife again. Oblivion was a set course. 

In what seemed like an age past, the Dragonborn engaged with the Thieves Guild of Riften, and by extension, the first of the sixteen lords the Dragonborn would come to deal with. The pact made as an agent of Nocturnal would seal their fate forever. 

The Dragonborn, for all their faults, has never once laid down to a fate undetermined to their own will. Indeed there would come a time when Nocturnal would come for their soul, but Nocturnal is not the only Lord of Oblivion. Their journey to save their soul began the moment they took step from the Sepulcher. 

Carrier of the Beacon of Meridia. Accused murderer of a Stendarr Vigilant. Champion to Azura. Friend of Sam. Bearer of the Vile Mask. The list would go on. Some of the Lords, the Dragonborn would enter into pact with, as with Nocturnal or Meridia. Others, the Dragonborn would bear the burden of committing heinous acts in order to gain the trust of these Lords. There are sacrifices to Vaermina, Boethiah, Molag Bal, even Peryite that line the fabric of this empty plain of Oblivion. In the hope of self preservation, the Dragonborn persisted. They never once claimed to be a saint.

Which brings us to the claiming of the soul.  

Nocturnal and Molag Bal, in vitriol unrivaled, argued their claim the stronger. Nocturnal, the first to enter into pact, made the first claim. Molag Bal, notorious collector of souls, sought to reclaim the champion Dragonborn, who spurned the soul-eater by discarding their mace. 

Mora’s claim came third, stronger than most. Their time together, however uncomfortable for the Dragonborn, was more consistent than with any other Lord, even Nocturnal. The events that occurred in Morrowind are scarred into the Dragonborn’s very soul. 

Azura and Sanguine staked their respective claim not out of spite or greed, but mercy. In the  times after the Dragon Crisis, the Dragonborn was a hesitant confidant to both Lords. Not inherently evil, they hoped to spare the Dragonborn of the strain Mora or Boethiah might inflict. 

Sheogorath rescinded his claim, the madness that carried him used as a tried and true method of determining the inhabitants of the Shivering Isles. If there was ever a place for the Dragonborn, it was elsewhere. 

Boethiah and Mephala staked their claim to the Dragonborn’s soul, yet secretly relished in the game they played, pitting the more volatile Lords against one another. The spirit of the game was admirable.

Hircine’s claim was weak, yet they persisted. Namira and Vaermina sought to subject the Dragonborn to horrors. Peryite and Vile abstained knowing their claims would not stack. Malacath looked upon the Dragonborn in despair, knowing too well the feeling of having no belonging. 

Dagon stood, solemn, and terrifying. This was the first time the Dragonborn had gazed upon the Lord of Destruction. Their correspondence ended when the last of the Dawn was put on display on that lonely mountain altar. The Dragonborn stood strong in death, not yet intimidated. He waited for Mehrunes Dagon to stake the final claim.

 And then, Dagon spoke. 

“You thought this all out long ago, didn’t you. A foolish goal, fitting for a lackluster Champion.” 

The flames of his plane of Oblivion spurred out beneath Dagon’s feet, threatening to engulf more of the mid-realm.

“Dragonborn, you championed Oblivion to save your soul in the end. Do you truly feel saved? Safe? *It does not matter, here.*”

The Dragonborn’s soul, old and waning, frowns. A shadow casts upon them, the fire of Dagon’s plane showering light as bright as Meridia’s. 

“These Lords will rend, and scrape, and claw at all parts of your spirit until nothing yet remains, and in your passing, you will wonder in agony as to why you held onto this meager hope. 

The gates of Oblivion, unbridled, will become your grave.”

A heavy breath escapes the Dragonborn’s lips. Silence follows for what might feel an eternity. 

The fires of Dagon, the tendrils of Mora, the open hands of Azura and the darkness of Nocturnal close in around them.

The Dragonborn draws their sword to their side, with thoughts of home. 