Disclaimer: This is my first attempt at a writing prompt so be easy please. I had this architetural approach, but the more I wrote, the more it became a garden so I apologize for any inconsistencies or logical fallacies. I've tried to patch up what I could. I hope you enjoy.

Nick woke up in a cold sweat---another dream with her in it. It was rare for Nick to remember a dream, let alone remember the same reoccuring dreams that he's been having for the past few weeks. And everytime, Nick woke with the same empty feeling. What did it mean? Nick hadn't even thought of Fiona for several years. Was his sub conscious trying to tell him something? Fiona hadn't been but a small fling. There were no lingering feelings. Why would thoughts of her resurface now? He wouldn't even remember her face if it wasn't manifesting in his dreams. But was it even her same face? The Fiona he had remembered was different then the one whom encountered him every night. What did it mean? And why were they so lucid?

These dreams would go on for several months. Sometimes Nick forgot about them as soon as he woke up, and other times, the dreams stuck with him throughout the day. Oft times, his mood would be affected. He started snapping at colleagues at the slightest bit of provocation. His peers certainly noticed a change in demeanor and Nick would hear them whisper about drug use. Of course, this would only make it harder for Nick as he tried to maintain his sanity throughout it all.

And then it happened. The most terrifying, graphic dream that Nick had ever experienced. He was walking down a road, in the middle of a corn field. The same scene that his dreams took him to every night. The light from the moon lit up the path in front of him. There was a cold breeze that cut right to the bone. Where was he going? Though Nick was mostly lucid, he still felt he was being drawn towards something. He marched forward for what seemed like hours, though Nick knew since he was dreaming, he had no idea how much time had actually passed. That's when he came across an enclosure in the middle of this field.

He carefully approached, only to be greeted by a familiar voice.  "So you've made it all the way here? We've been waiting quite some time." This took Nick aback. "We?" he asked.  Fiona stepped out of the shadows and the whole area suddenly became very bright. Nick counted 12 cloaked figures surrounding Fiona. What the hell was going on? Nick had had this same dream for months now, but this, this was new. And although his lucid mind could rationalize that it was just a dream, Nick had the most uneasy feeling. Wake up! Please, wake up, now! Nick feared that if he wouldn't wake up now, he never would. But, yet, he had never been this far in the dream. Something deep within him wanted to see this out to the end.

Fiona didn't say anything for several moments. She just stared, as if she was peering into Nick's soul. Finally, she softly replied. "You have been chosen. There is a darkness in your soul unlike any other. We wanted to harness the power of that darkness to make the world a better place."

Nick did not know how to respond. Darkness in my soul? As he stammered, "I, I, uh, uh," Fiona cut him off. "It will be easier if I just show you."

And she snapped her fingers. Another bright light engulfed the enclosure. And in that moment, Nick was overwhelmed with a variety of different, simultaneous emotions. Fear and courage, anger and joy, pride and humility, hate and love: Nick had never felt more conflicted in his life.

He snapped awake, again in a cold sweat. That was the weirdest one yet. Nick couldn't describe the feeling he had. But he knew these dreams were plaguing him far too much. It was time to seek some help.   In ancient times, Kings would have prophets interpret their dreams. Though Nick was a bit insecure seeking professional help, he was able to justify it. Maybe a professional could shed light on this. Maybe a suppressed memory was trying to manifest itself.

Nick was unsure but knew he needed to talk to someone. He immediately booked an appointment with a Dr. Monohan. The next day Nick went to see if maybe he could stop these dreams. "Dr. Monohan will see you now."

Nick stepped inside only to have his heart stop. It was her. Fiona. Though her name wasn't Monohan last he checked, he assumed she had married since then.

"Hello there Mr. Mortensen. Have a seat. My assistant tells me that you've been plagued with the same dreams for awhile now. Tell me about them." There was something disingenous about her tone, but Nick just shrugged it off as professional courtesy.

Nick was incredulous. Was he dreaming again? "It's my understanding that you are one of the best in psychodynamic psychotherapy?"

Fiona smiled, the same smile Nick had been seeing for several months now. "That is correct. I specialize in digging deep in your unconscious mind and discovering why your thoughts are manifesting as they are. Now tell me about these dreams."

Nick was skeptical. This was far too coincidental. Where would he even begin? How would Fiona take to the fact that all these dreams were revolving around her. "Don't you remember me?"

Fiona studied him carefully. "I'm sorry Mr. Mortensen, but I'm afraid not. Why do you ask?"

Nick couldn't help but feel she was lying. "I mean, I know it was very brief, but we had a legitimate connection freshman year at NU.

Fiona raised her eye brow. "NU? I'm afraid you have me mistaken for someone else Mr. Mortensen." Nick was getting flustered. He knew this was the same person he kept seeing in his dreams. He knew that this person was from his past. But he also remembered what he came here for so he dropped it.

"So you want to hear about the dreams? Well what would you say if these dreams were revolving around you?"

Fiona momentarily dropped her professional facade and Nick noticed the look of terror on her face. She immediately regained her composure and became stern.  "Sir this is not a joke. Several people suffer from PTSD and come to me for their dreams and I help them overcome trauma from their past. I do not know what sick game you're trying to play, but I do not appreciate it. I'm willing to let you walk out now and will not charge you for this session, just as long as you promise to respect my profession and not make light of it again."

This was not what Nick was expecting. Why did she get so defensive? Was there more to this then Nick had thought? That was crazy. That inception shit doesn't happen in real life. Nick sat there for a few moments, unsure how to respond. Finally, "I sincerely apologise Dr. I wasn't trying to make a joke out of this. I just want some answers. And I see your face in my dreams every night, amongst other things. Please hear me out."

Fiona became flustered. "Mr. Mortensen, I'm not going to ask again. Please get out of my office. NOW." Nick knew he was defeated. Maybe he would seek help elsewhere, though he felt he had more questions now then ever. As he was walking towards the door, something Fiona said made him stop. "I've encountered a variety of people, more then you could ever imagine. But there is a darkness in you unlike any I've seen."

Nick turned around. "What did you just say!?" Fiona looked shock. As if she couldn't believe she had just said that either. She fumbled for words to try and explain but nothing came.  Nick walked back towards her. "So, Fiona. I came here for answers. And I'm not leaving until I get some." He sat down.



Part 2 in the reply