Suddenly the zombie attacking me stops. It falls onto the ground - not as a living dead - but as a living… living.

To be more precise, a young woman about the twenties. Her long hair slowly fades from pale white to off-yellow, but her clothes remain tattered, and her body still covered in bruises and bite marks, including the fresh set of toothprints I just now accidentally caused on her forearm.

It takes her a while to realise what just happened. And when she does, she lets out a screech. I quickly tell her to quiet down.

"What happened?"

"The zombie apocalypse happened two years ago. You… were one of the victims."

"Were?"

"Well just now I bit you on the forearm and…"

Reminded of her most recent injury, she screams again, in pain.

"Ouch, that hurts a lot! What the hell?!"

"At least we know how to un-zombify the Walkers." I cheekily retort.

"Oh yeah, Walkers… what happened to the show?"

Surprised at how quickly she snaps out of her pain, I reply: "Uhh… Cancelled within the first month of the apocalypse. Production crew and half of the cast became actual zombie food."

"Damn it, now I don't know what happens to Nick…"

"We have more pressing matters though. This place we're in is infested with them, so we have to find a way to get out of here and back into the Green Zone…"

"Green Zone?" She asks curiously.

In the aftermath of the zombie apocalypse, many impoverished countries perished as they were lacking in medical technology. Larger, wealthier nations survived unscathed by going isolated. And stuck in the middle, countries like mine.

"Pretty much what's left of this country quarantined the infected areas and gathered in a massive bunker complex. If we get there, I can get the medical crew to treat your wounds."

"Yeah. And I really need a change of clothes… Say, why don't we lure and bite any zombie that happens to walk by?"

"We haven't the transport capabilities to carry this much people back. And the shelter is already bursting at the seams…"

Even in these times, the greedy continue to trample on the needy. So called "reservations" by the so called "elites" just so they could afford breathing space. The saving grace being not all of them are this selfish. A few of the more altruistic rich men have worked together and hired the more able-bodied dwellers to construct expansions of the bunkers, promising living space and remuneration. So far, they have kept to their word, but there's no telling if any one of them would back off and join the reservationists. And between both sides of the fractured society, more and more survivors have joined.

My train of thought is derailed by the sounds of footsteps. Another horde is coming. I ask the lady to stay low, not noticing she has taken a few steps ahead, limbs spread into a predatorial pose.

"TIME TO DE-WALKERISE THESE SONS OF BITCHES!"

Sigh.

