Karen's blind date showed up forty minutes late in all leather, smelling of sweat and exhaust. And he carried a motorcycle helmet, all of which she decided was just sexy enough to excuse the lateness.

"You must be Mark," she said, a little too exuberantly. She had felt too rude to order food while waiting, so instead she sipped two glasses of wine and nibbled on bread. She tried to hide her tipsiness.

He looked her over with faintly masked disdain. "Ah. You are Karen, then." He sniffed and sat at the table. "How delightful."

Karen bit her lip, not sure how to read his tone. She knew nothing about Mark. A co-worker she barely knew set them up. She tried not to think of this as a total disaster just yet. "What do you do for work?" she tried.

"Oh," the man said. "I shoot people."

She hesitated for a few seconds, certain she had misheard him. Then, "Oh, you shoot--*oh,* I get it." She laughed, belatedly, and mimed the motion of clicking her telescopic camera. "Me too."

Mark wrinkled his nose. "...right. Usually people aren't so blase when I admit that, Karen."

"Oh, it's not a big deal. It's a totally normal job. For me, getting the perfect shot really comes down to getting them lined up right, you know."

He whistled. "I rarely get them all in one shot."

"Oh, you do singles?" She blundered on, oblivious to his bemused look. "I mostly do weddings. I make a killing on weddings. Can't do anything all summer, but it's worth it. Have you ever shot at a wedding?"

"Uh." He scratched his head, thinking about it. "A couple."

"Personally, my favorite approach is shooting as many as possible, so I know I won't mess it up, you know? If you just hold the trigger down like a hundred times you'll get someone eventually, right?"

Mark looked at her, stunned. "Won't you hit a lot of civilians that way?"

"Oh, I usually don't shoot out around a lot of people. People are uncomfortable enough getting their picture taken."

"You're a *photographer*?" The man threw down his napkin and sighed, "I try to be open about my lifestyle, and I think I finally meet a woman who might be in the same culture as myself. But no." He stood up and slammed his chair back into place. "It turns out you're just a fucking idiot."

He stormed out, leaving Karen alone. She pulled aside the next waiter and asked for some alfredo and another bottle of wine.
***
/r/shoringupfragments