The swirling sands opened up slightly and out of them bustled Death. I really should have done more cardio, Death thought to himself. Forty thousand years and I never got in shape... he was right, I really am only suited for clerical work. 

His waistcoat flapping in the gale like the charcoal wings of some top-heavy bird, he blundered forward a few more yards, desperately out of breath, unable to see more than a foot in front of his face and unable to hear over the cacophony of the winds. Goddamn it, God, why is this my Job?! he thought to himself. As had been usual for the past few days, he got no response. Now, that *was* unusual. Hadn't happened in several thousand years, in fact, not since the floods. But God had been taking care of the humans then, and now he wasn't responding altogether, along with any of those feathery imbeciles. Which left Death to deal with this mess. 

He knew where he'd had to go, he'd just flubbed the entry a little bit. It had been several hundred years since he'd actually gone to Earth, and then only to Europe for a spell. He was utterly unaccustomed to the cloying weight of the sands and the soil of what used to be the American West, the pressing atmosphere of these gale-force winds. So, he'd landed about a mile from the target. Finally, after what seemed like eons of jogging, he saw a dark bundle a few feet ahead through the lenses of his half-moon glasses. 

Trotting forward, Death tucked in his shirt over his enormous girth. He wanted to strike an imposing figure when he met humanity again. While he was doing that, though, he noticed the half-moons of sweat ballooning from his armpits through his suit jacket and almost to his mustard-colored tie. Damn, he thought. Damn and double damn. Oh well. 

He finally arrived at the shivering bundle on the ground. Reaching down, he curtly pulled the coarse blanket up to reveal two slim figures clinging to each other. They looked upwards, squinting, to see what appeared to be... a receptionist. Small man. Balding hair. Several chins, clean shaven. Even loafers with a penny in one of them (the other must have gotten loose in the gale). Nothing would have been more alien in this place. 

Come on, you two, Death thought, pulling them to their feet, only to watch them fall clumsily to earth. They were horribly malnourished. Any other time Death would have been ready, scythe-shaped pen in hand, to cross them off of his list and thus mark their demises, but today, for some godforsaken reason, it was his job to save them. No amount of yelling would have permitted the small humans to hear him, so Death simply pulled them along, at times dragging them on the ground. It was his job to make sure that they made it out of the storm, not to make sure they were treated like royalty. 

After another eternity of walking, over which the winds slowly decreased in volume to that of a murmur and the sand filling the air became somewhat bearable, Death dropped his charges. He walked a few feet away and grumbled vehemently as he cleaned himself up. His glasses had lost a lens, his thinning grey hair was caked with sand, and the ivory buttons he had so painstakingly sewn onto his jacket were nowhere to be seen. To him, that was more the tragedy than the billions of humans worth of paperwork he still had left to file. 

Turning to the humans, he sighed. They were truly pitiful. The last remnants of the human race. Well, he said. The garden is a mile that way, over that hill. I'm not going to walk you, I'm sure you can do without an escort. Besides, I'm not even sure I'd be allowed in there, even now. 

The humans looked up at him, their eyes filled with a plea for death. They had suffered so much, Death knew, but they could not be allowed to die. He would not write it, and therefore it would not be done. They would make it to the garden, he would be sure of that. The snake would do its job. And Death's job would be safe for another forty thousand years. At least. 