After struggling for what seemed like hours, I pass out.

I wake up some time later.  I am in a room, painted a burnt orange.  There is a golden yellow light coming in a window, but the shadows are wrong.  They are on the ceiling, instead of on the floor.  The door opens, and in walks a man dressed in a three piece suit -- dark crimson tie, matching gold cufflinks, pocketwatch, and pocket square, accompanied by a rather large and imposing figure.  The figure is wearing next to nothing -- the only "clothing" is a threadbare cloth around its waist.  Its built strong, and is very intimidating.

"My apologies for the rough introduction, but time here is of the essence," the suited figure says in a deep voice.  "I am Lucifer, the owner of the place.  Luce, for short.  You would think here in eternity we would have all the time in the world, but not today.  I trust you aren't hurt?"

"No," I reply, hoping not to make a deal too good to be true.

"Excellent."  Turning aside, Luce mentions to his companion, "Fetch our guest some food and drink while I explain the situation."  His companion turns to leave.  "You see, when people die, normally they are allowed a small amount of time to finish their business, say their goodbyes, and such, before being whisked away to their eternal reward.  Last night, however, was special.  You were grabbed in great haste, and, I might add, quite by accident.  The guide who took you was supposed to take your elderly neighbor who did, in fact die last night.  You, however are very much alive."

"Any day now, I should win a bet.  Don't worry, this bet doesn't yet concern you.  Once the gamble is won, you will be able to return from whence you came."

He gets up to leave, just as his companion returned with a meal of the most tender and flavorful eggs, biscuits, and bacon, with a nice French roast coffee.  "Thank you, Screwtape," and turning to me, "He will be your butler for your stay," Luce says as he leaves.

After a week, a letter arrives at the front door in a gold-trimmed envelope.  In it, a simple card: "You win.  -- M".  Luce invites me to pack up my things, as tomorrow I will have the opportunity to depart.  I tell him I wish to return to my world.  "Take what you wish from here with my compliments.  You have been most helpful." Luce invites.  I choose to take the rather nice suit I am wearing, some of the other nice clothing (always a perfect fit!), and a very nice fountain pen.

I'm standing on the front porch when Michael the Archangel arrives.  "You win the bet, and I am here to honor my end of the bargain," he says upon arriving.  A portal back to my room opens.  Through it I can see myself being dragged from my bed by the demon I now recognize as Screwtape, and I step through.  "Maybe the underworld isn't so bad after all..." I think to myself, and decide to lead a more "liberated" life, especially after finding a burnt-orange business card with "I owe you one..." written in dark red ink in my pocket.  I flip it over and on the back are printed instructions to summon Screwtape for assistance with anything I may need.

Curious, I follow them.  Screwtape appears, and I asks what I require.  "A glass of icewater." I say.  He disappears in a plume of red haze.  He returns in a moment with a glass of ice cold water.  "This could be nice..." I think to myself.

Decades later after my death, I meet Lucifer again.  This time, I am being tortured along with all of the other condemned.  I have the opportunity to ask him what the bet I helped resolve was.  He replies, "Simple.  I bet Michael I could make someone consciously choose eternal punishment."  "But the card..." I reply.  "Yes.  I owed you one, not several." he replied.