Grozar the Conqueror lifted his mighty axe overhead, prepared to cleave the planet asunder. He stood tall as a star, a titan amongst titans, with the speckle of nebulae at his back and his axe poised to strike. Grozar cast his infinite gaze upon the planet, to once again take a measure of it's people.

He saw mothers feeding and embracing their children. Cute. Among Grozar's harem mothers flayed the flesh from their children's bones until nothing was left but servitude.

He saw sick and poor dying unseen in the streets. A right and fair way in Grozar's view, for such weakness held no advantage to better society. He also saw kindly ones giving food to the poor and donating medicine and care to the sick. A waste of precious resources that would be much better used on their soldiers, but... curious, as well.

He saw varying tribes of humans killing others based on the amount of sepia in their flesh colorings. Good. Cull the weak, let the strongest survive to feast upon their bones. But there were others fighting for peace between tribes, fighting with a passion and a fire that Grozar had only seen devoted to conquest.

They acted like children. Tiny weak pitiful children with no concept of the true nature of the universe. All that matters is strength and glory, and there was none to be had in this baffling obsession this planet seemed to have with suppressing and quelling their holy drive to kill, in the name of transient unsustainable peace.

Grozar's thoughts turned to Periplax, his childhood pet. He had been dead for many years now. Grozar had butchered and eaten his pet alive on the advent of his ascent to adulthood. It was the right and divine way, to destroy childhood things and devote one to the true way of the universe.

But as a child, Grozar and Periplax had... played. They had adventured through the great astral groves together. They had shared meals by the light of turning galaxies. They had wrestled with such might that stars themselves had detonated in their wake. But at the end of the day, Periplax had always lain his head in young Grozar's lap, softly whined a happy whine as he licked Grozars face, and Grozar had felt... brief, transient...

Peace.

Grozar lowered his axe, staring down upon the unnatural world and their blasphemous desire to strive for quiet serenity.

Not this day. Perhaps, one day, their doom would come. But not this day.