It is a small village. 

But she lives like a farmer, amongst the swaying wheat fields where the sun rises and sets every day, far away from the marketplace. She lives on a hut on top of a hill, and daily she walks to her baker’s stall alone, basket in hand. 

Once, when she had been younger, there had been the sweet neighbor’s boy who brought her the almonds he found. There had been her baker husband, who liked to help bring in the harvest when he could; even after that there had been the tradesman whose wagon she could hear rumbling whenever he came up on the horizon. 

She’d thought it’d been a mistake at first. She’d been playing with the neighbor’s boy near the river until he slipped and fell in; she’d stood by frozen on her leadened legs and watched him drown. Her husband came next: one afternoon a fire from another stall broke out, and while she escaped, the flames had swallowed him whole. 

By the time the tradesman fell off his wagon while on his way to her hut, she knew. 

Everyone else in the village knows; her and her deep misfortune, they whisper that she must have angered god somehow. She breathes life to the bread she bakes but every man she touches must die, they say. 

They clutch the memory of her beloved husband especially close to their hearts and sustain her in his name by buying her bread. They do not banish her out of the village but exile her to its furthest reaches; all well enough for her, because she knows she cannot love another. To do so would only invite ruin and heartbreak. 

It is a such small village, Nazareth. 

So she knows each and every face, but one day a man enters her stall. He does not come in the manner all other villagers do — words fall freely from his lips, and his smile is wide when he takes the bread from her hands and takes his first bite. *Thank you,* he says with more warmth and sincerity than she has received in the past year. 

He is a carpenter, she comes to understand. From a town where a king was born. Twice a day he would come to her deserted corner of the market, a smile on his lips just for her; every morning and afternoon he takes the first and last loaves of bread she bakes from her fingers and presses coins in her palm with a twinkle in his eyes. 

He likes to talk, she notices. Of the clouds, the coming harvest. Of how she is, and how her day has been. He is a masterful story teller — often he comes to her speaking about a thing, big or small, that he notices that day and weaves a story around it. 

She cannot help but listen whenever he does this. Even the villagers are similarly held by him — each day as the sky brightens with the dawn she sees him while on her way from her little hut, gathered with a group of farmers. Later he will be the first buy his breakfast, having followed her to the market. 

He turns thirty one day. 

Then he tells her he is leaving. 

That is the first time he ever calls her by her name, which she has never told him. It is such a sweet and painful thing, to hear it come from his lips in the same instance he says *I am leaving, and know not if I’ll return.* 

Perhaps it is for the better. She cannot deny her enthrallment, her captivation with him, any longer; she fears that already she has fallen in love with him. She has loved three times and been denied three times. The fourth time may just destroy her completely. 

He asks for one last loaf of bread. 

*God be with you,* she wants to say, *even if he has never been with me.*

And to her surprise he seems to discern it. He puts away the bread, opens his mouth to speak. In the disappearing light of dusk his amber eyes are molten gold, and she knows that whatever he asks of her now, she cannot refuse.

*Come, follow me,* he simply says instead. 

Others follow with her when she leaves behind all she knows and all she owns. 

Thrice, he predicts his death. Thrice, she thinks she will be the cause of it. 

But he dies only once, 

and she returns to her village with the pieces of her heart in her hands. 

Yet the sun still rises on the third day; that morning she steps out of her hut, and a figure is walking among the wheat fields. 

The Son of God steps up to her the same way he always has. His smile is wide and his calloused carpenter’s hands are warm in her own smaller but no less worn baker’s hands. 

*You came back,* she weeps into his chest as she clutches him to her. What goes unsaying is *you came back to me, even if I love you.* 

Again, as if discerning this, he simply chuckles and holds her tight to him. The sound is rich and infinite; it fills her heart, and it’s as if she was never cursed to begin with. 

[Note: I may have...*ahem,* taken a lot of historical and biblical(?) liberties for this silly little piece of fiction.] 