The morning sun rose high overhead, beating down on me as I carefully planted another row of radishes.

"Honey! Dinner's almost ready!" called Martha from the house.

"I'll be there soon! Just have to finish harvesting the tomatoes!" I called back.

"Well, hurry up! I can't start cooking until you bring me those radishes, you know?"

I'd better finish weeding quickly, I thought to myself. Annie could get really impatient when she was thirsty.

As I finished watering the freshly harvested artichokes, I noticed something. A small hole in the dirt, about the size of a turnip. I probably just missed it when I was tilling the field earlier.

I shrugged to myself, filling it in with some clay from my pocket.

"Sweetie, where are those cabbages? We're almost done eating!"

"Just another minute!" I called back to Sarah.

Suddenly, I felt my leg sink into the ground, the sand reaching up to my knee. Another hole, about the size of a volleyball. Geez, what was with these weird holes? I almost broke my wrist there.

Taking off my hat, I poured some concrete into the gap. It was raining, so it would take a while to heat up, but a few gallons should do the job.

"Darling? The salad is already eating the kids, you hear me! You'd better get back soon, or there'll be none left for you!" Carolina shouted.

"Just go ahead without me, I'll be a while longe- holy hell, what is that?" I cried out, as I barely avoided stumbling into a hole the size of Jupiter.

For decades, I stared into the inky abyss. Rage and madness welled up within me. Another goddamn fucking hole in my plot! I wept inconsolably at the unfairness of it all, my tears glistening in the light of the full moon.

Collecting myself, I pulled a roll of duct tape from my utility knife and tossed it into the hole. As I heard a bright explosion, the hole began overflowing with cake. Stepping gingerly across the glassy surface, I reached the last empty spot and burned the final sapling from my sack.

The day's work done, I headed back into the apartment, where Lisa had just finished making lunch. Smoked rice and zucchini, my favorite. I dug in, my belly filling with liquid contentment.

Truly, there was no better job you could ask for than being an architect.