It's not often that a dead person has the chance to grin. But here I stood, my pearly whites shining as I looked at the gathered Daedric Princes. Oh, there was a lone Jill as well, apparently tasked to serve a representative of Akatosh, but she was outnumbered by the many entities who thought they had claims on my soul.

"You at least should have seen this coming, Boethiah," I said. "You bid me take up the Ebony Blade, and here I am plunging the sword of betrayal into your chest." I paused. "Well, metaphorically speaking, anyway."

"You're a naughty little Nord," Sheogorath said. "Pledging yourself to us all, without telling any of us. Why, I ought to spank you with your own severed hand!"

"You were the ones who asked me to serve you," I replied. "You all offered me the power I needed to stop Alduin. Maybe you should have checked to see if someone else had beaten you to it." I chuckled. "Except you couldn't, could you? You couldn't tip your hand about your schemes to gain power over one another. You may be the embodiments of Padomay, but there are some things about yourself that you just can't change."

Sheogorath cleared his throat.

"I know," I said. "But the mantle doesn't change just because someone else is wearing it."

"You're just one of Akatosh's thugs," Molag Bal said. "What makes you so certain that you know us so well?"

"Archmage of the College of Winterhold, remember?" I asked. "I know it was ceremonial, but when you spend enough time around that many scholars you pick up a few things. Such as the degree to which you all hate each other. The instant one of you shows any weakness, the wolves will be at your door." I nodded towards Hircine. "Possibly literally."

"Get to the point, mortal," Malacath spat.

"Gladly," I said. "You can't all claim me, obviously. But none of you can renounce your claim on me without looking weak." I turned to face the Jill. "And you certainly can't let Akatosh take me away from you either, not with how much of a prize you clearly think of my soul as being. So, what option do you think that leaves you with?"

Azura was the first to realize, I think. Then again, she's always been associated with the liminal. And what could be more liminal than to dance back and forth across the boundary between life and death?

"You want us to resurrect you," she said.

I nodded. "Heal me," I said. "Cleanse my flesh of the poison of the assassin's blade. Give me the strength to fight back and win. Once you figure out who gets my soul, then we can meet again." I paused. "Unless you'd rather keep me here while you have that argument? I don't know how long it'll take, but I'm pretty sure you don't either."

There was grumbling, as I knew there would be. There were threats and recriminations and many gestures of hostility. But I had them dead to rights, and they knew it.

I was barely able to restrain the urge to deliver an insulting gesture before they shoved my soul back into my body.