My parents were baffled at my birth, not due to any sort of complications though. Two birthmarks imprinted on my skin. One on my chest, over my heart that clearly can be read as a name; Lydia. The other wasn't as clear on the palm of my hand. It was three letters and ended with an N; the second letter was either an a, e, or o; and the first was too covered with the pink pigment of my skin to identify clearly.

Growing older I met a few different Lydia's, but they cane and went with out as much as a peep. People with three letter names ending in N also wasn't as prevalent as I would have thought. Occasionally I would meet someone with the same name as I, Ben. Those encounters were usually just comparing similarities or interests. 

Eventually I sort of just stopped paying attention to the names, perhaps the whole thing was some elaborate joke and story my parents told me about my birth to mess with me. A friend asked me to help with a roleplay event for his guild on a game. Enjoying the prospects of RP, I agreed. During the event I met another player who piqued my interest and I, theirs.

Talking more and growing closer, although we never shared names, we decided to try and meet when I took a trip to visit family in another state. Upon meeting we seemed to just immediately click. After introducing as our character names we shared our real names, hers was Lydia. We began dating long distance, talking everyday and writing letters for added effect.

I encouraged her to try a new game with me and things were great. We found a guild on the new game to roleplay with for some extra fun. A member in that guild started to try and get closer with Lydia. This was the first serious relationship for both of us and I showed some jealous tendencies; however, I trusted her. A few months later, they are roleplaying and spending more time together and I even learned the fellows name, Ian. Couple more months pass and Lydia wants video chat, that, is normal for us so I think nothing of it. Once connected, I see she is a wreck and had obviously been fighting tears and conflict in her mind. She came to the decision to break up with me. It shattered my heart, but I tried to hold it together because she needed me to.

Later, she moved in with Ian and they began to date. I now sit at my desk with letters I received from her during our time together. Tears drip onto the paper as I move a hand away from the letter in my grasp. A crash is heard as my body falls to the floor, blood flowing from the hole I put in my head. Whether the hand said Ian, who stole my soulmate; or Ben, who held the gun; matters not anymore. It was correct either way.