I forced the crumpled note and presumably large sum of money into the pocket of my jeans. How could Mrs. Mueller do this to me? I mean, like literally, how could she afford to send me to Mexico on a teacher's salary, much less the entire class, one at a time, if this were actually "El examen final?"

The road seemed to stretch for miles, with nothing but dessert on either side, and a faint glimmer of light shining from the north. I was walking down the one way street, just a-looking for someone to meet, then I saw one woman, who was looking for a man. As she searched, I approached, and, mustering my best Mexican accent, slightly too loudly introduced myself. "Hola, mujer! Yo soy Juanito! Y tú? Bienvenidos! ¿Donde esta el biblioteca?" She looked at me, first with fear, then with confusion, and finally a slight sympathy. She nodded towards the light at the end of the road, muttering something to herself about "Los gringos y el espanol mal de ellos."

I kept on the road, until I finally saw a gilded library, just like the one I always imagined. I climbed the front steps, and entered the building. Inside, I saw a pleasant enough older woman, shoved the thousand pesos into her arms, and told her "Un tarjeta de biblioteca, por favor," and, after looking around and seeing a can of blue spray paint on the floor, added in "Y este." 

I took the newly acquired paint, and sprayed its pigment all over myself. The aerosolized sting of the blue paint made my eyes water, but I dared not stop. After I was covered head to toe in blue, I tossed the empty can in the correct container for disposal, and searched for a place to hide. An empty space in one of the many bookshelves seemed opportune. I crammed myself into the shelf, all the while whispering to myself "Yo soy un libro azul."

After hours had passed, I saw her. Mrs. Mueller. Her glasses reflected a beam of sunlight into my now blue eye, but I did not quiver. As she approached the shelf opposite myself, I readied myself. I sprung free of the confines of the bookshelf, and latched onto her shoulder. I clawed and gnawed at her like I was rabid, all the while screaming "Yo soy una libro azul!" As I removed myself from her body, and saw the life drain from her face, I leaned in close to hear her final words. "You passed, but you used 'una' instead of 'un,' please try and remember to use the correct gendered words for the nouns." I screamed a primal scream. I was free. No more Spanish. Spanish was finally over. The biblioteca was my home, and I, its libro azul.


The end.