At first he thought it was a joke.

People had said that to him before. It was one of the common ones, everyone had the same jokes and just kept passing them around. It was a game by now. Something to keep track if the back of his mind. 

But she didn't crack a smile and ask him how'd he managed to guess. She didn't even start with the overwrought bug eyed stare they all adopted. Her face was stone, watching him with an intensity he'd only ever seen from his father when he'd had to scare off a bobcat. 

In retrospect, he should have guessed there was something off with a name like Nuriel.

Before he could laugh it off or try to explain, she had him by the throat. They were deep in the store, where the freezers were, and she carried him one handed into one of the swinging employee-only doors. Slammed him against a wall in the back where the ceramic tiles turned to dark concrete and they stopped caring whether or not anyone felt relaxed. He certainly didn't.

"I am going to ask questions. You will answer them." Nuriel's eyes told him there would be no argument. They didn't fit her face. It looked like that of a thin twenty-something. Exactly what he thought she was when he asked for help finding the Windex. Now it stared him down with all the force of a hurricane and the expectations of a queen on the battlefield. Dramatic enough to start leaking into his train of thought.

Or perhaps it was her nails against his windpipe. He nodded quickly and she relaxed, letting him suck down lungfuls of air. 

"Good." The woman kept him pinned to the wall with one hand. Staring into her eyes as they slowly shifted to goals. That she could sense lies didn't need to be said, it was obvious. Or safer to assume so. "Your name. Since you already know mine."

"Victor. Victor Malkin." 

He could see her teeth move. Wondered if they could rip out his throat like he was so sure her nails could. 

"A common name. Mortal." She spoke the last word quickly, as though it would stain her tongue. "Yet you know mine so quickly. We were not introduced, we did not converse. We have never met before this, I have never heard of you before this. And yet, you speak my true name to me without prompting. How."

"If I knew, I'd tell you," he said, trying his hardest to be earnest. Her disappointed frown suggested she believed him. "It's just a trick I can do. Since I was a kid. Just...look at a person and it's like seeing it sewn onto their shirt. It's there and I know it."

Silence followed. A long, agonizing silence where the woman searched his face for lies, nails tapping meaningfully against his throat. Suddenly, she drew in a breath.

"You...can sense names," she said, softly. A whisper even, one that he barely made out. All at once, her demeanor changed, staring at him with fascination rather than suspicion. A bit of wonder. Hope, if he was being generous to himself.

Gently, she let him back down onto his feet. He rubbed the place where her hand had been, certain it would bruise. Nuriel stepped back and began to pace. Moving across the concrete with a grace more befitting of marble. There was little he could do but watch until she was done. He didn't think much of his chances to slip past her.

It was a good while before she froze, deep in thought. Worried thought. Long enough for him to wonder why none of the staff had come into this hallway. He'd buy she was doing something. Had to be.

"I need to test this," Nuriel said softly. Then the world went a bit fuzzy. Lighter. Like stepping out into the sunlight and into cool water all at once. His throat stopped hurting. Something danced between her fingers, small and bright. Didn't do anything, it was just there. Held out in front of her.

Then her arm snapped out and grabbed something lurking in the corner. A tiny, brown, squealing thing that was all wings and sharp teeth before she got it by the back of the neck and held it up to him.

"What is this creature's name," she asked. The little beast hissed at him, malice dripping from every line of its face. Scrunched like a pug and bat-like, eyes pure black and rolling in its sockets. Its arms were fused to the wings, little claws on the end tugging uselessly at Nuriel's arm, unable to even mark the fabric. A long, whip-tail covered in barbs almost caught him in the chest, the little thing screaming in impotence.

And yet, even buried so far behind a shrieking animal, he could see it.

"Razeth," he muttered, glancing at the woman. She smiled, a wide cruel thing as the creature stilled. Stared at him transfixed, as if he had just burst into a sweet lullaby.

It was all he could do not to scream curses when she let the thing go, but it merely drifted to the floor. Wobbled over and curled up at his feet. A strange, clicking noise came from its throat. Like a cat. From hell. As if cats needed to be any more demonic.

Oh.

"That's..."

"A demon, yes." Nuriel muttered, turning and staring at the door. The light disappeared and he could see a bit of something drifting around her legs. He didn't need to guess what. "Drawn here by a mote of creation, sent to investigate why it would appear. Tamed now..."

Oh. OH!

He'd heard of that. Seen it in videogames, books, an anime here and there. A series about a serpent with wings and a sad English boy. The power of true names. He'd never thought it was real. Never thought demons were real either. And if they were, then...

"You're an angel?"

The woman turned. She didn't change. Not one part of her changed. But suddenly, a mid-twenties girl in a dark hoodie seemed like the most powerful thing he had ever seen.

"I am Nuriel of the Hailstorm, Fire of the Lord. You, Victor Malkin, are welcomed to the eternal conflict."

---

https://old.reddit.com/r/FiresofFordregha/