Deep in the cavernous dungeon, Kira awoke from her restless slumber. The damp and the cold had set into her bones again, making her ache from something other than her wounds. It was an oddly comforting pain, for it was the most natural sensation she recieved anymore. It was the one thing her captors did not control. 

She lumbered clumsily to her feet, her chains rattling in protest of her movements. She once marveled at how the gleaming metal never rusted in the damp nor heated in the flame. But that had been long ago, back when she still dreamed of seeing the sky again. 

Shaking off the lingering gloom that always accompanied her waking, Kira set to the meal her captors had left for her. To her one good eye it seemed more than usual, which meant she'd slept for quite some time. At least they let her sleep now, gone were the days where their enraged yelling woke her just before the pain began. She sometimes woke with new scars now, making her wonder if her dulled mind had just forgotten the newest addition to the endless memories of pain or if she had slept through it. She did not know which was worse, her mind leaning her or becoming so used to the torture that she could now sleep through it. 

"You are awake again," The winged man strode out from the shadows, as he often did. "Shall I pass some time with you?"

Kira watched as the man who called himself an angel conjured a fire. She liked the times be did this best, it meant she had a while before the next bought of pain. She ignored the pain of her eye protesting the rarely seen light and curled herself around the fire's warmth. It was at times like this that she could remember the world above, so far gone from her now that she wondered at times if it was just a fevered dream. The winged man took his usual spot at her side and leaned against her, he was warm and soft. Such feelings felt so foreign to her now. 

Had she tears left she would have cried as he began to speak. A voice of kindness was so seldom heard in this place. He made her recall her man, who used to do the same back in the days when she could still respond. When she'd been strong and powerful, not weak and shaking in the cold as she was now. The winged man told her of the world above, of her own kind and of the ones like her captors.

Her kingdom was long lost, the king of men and the king of beasts both fell in the great battle. Kira and her man had lived, they and the other riders had created the fruitless rebellion as the empire of her captors took their lands. Some fought still, all these years later. She wished they would run away and never return, then her captors might finally kill her. Then they might stop hoping she could be tamed to fight for them. 

The winged man stood and stretched his wings, making hers ache to do the same. But her cell was too small to allow it. She could only stretch one at a time, and never to its full length. Kira envied him his small luxury, watching enraptured as though she could experience it through him. But the moment passed and he settled down against her side, hands rubbing against her shoulder. 

He went quiet, and Kira realized he had addressed her directly. She pulled her sluggish mind from the past and brought her focus upon him. He repeated himself, "I cry for you, stuck here in the dark. Destiny would trap you here until the war was but a fairy tale told to children, but I cannot bear the cries of your soul." He smiled, the ghost of a tear in his eyes, as she moved to rest her head at his side. He reached out and scratched at the ridges behind her eyes, as her man once had. "Your soul used to sing to me, you know. Back when the first of the wars started and you took to the battle fields it was like a glorious song. But down here you are losing the last echoes of that melody. What was glory is a discordant sadness whispered in the unhearing air."

The winged man stood. "I can no longer bear it, for the most blessed of my warriors to lie here in the dark forgotten. Come Kira, let us battle destiny. I would have you feel the air beneath your wings again."

His words crashed through her like a searing wave, shattering her and reshaping her in the fires of his forge. Gone were her aching hopes of her own death, burnt in the rekindled flames of bloodlust. Her long forgotten anger flared anew, it was as though the years spent in the dark were shed from her. Her need for revenge was born again.

The winged man was aflame, as though his anger was made flesh in the flames that engulfed him. The holy white fire burned the enchantment of her chains as he touched them, and they melted. Kira stood, and felt the urge to sing the song of war again. They had made her mute to stop her cries, but now she longed to sing again. She tried, and out came the glorious song of her people. The ground shook, the castle above her rocked as her voice crashed through it. She felt the heat within her and she sang the song of fire. 

The winged man was unaffected by her flames, but the place around her was not. In the blue heat the stones melted and the cavernous dungeon came crashing down around her. Her claws ripped and tore through the small castle above as she dragged herself from the depths. Screams and cries lasted but a moment before her flames swallowed them whole.

Free from chains, free from the halls of stone, she spread her wings and threw herself into the air. The winged man laughed and cried as he joined her in the song of triumph. She remembered the story her man had told her long ago, a tale of the angel aflame on the battlefield who brought death in his wake. She sang his story, and he turned to her. "Go, Kira, I bless you and make you anew. Free your people, take back your lands. Remember the name of your man. *Gale Stormborn* Rider of the Queen of Beasts. Remember your mate. *Assara* King of Beasts, consort of the queen. Remember who you are, take back your name, lead your people once again."

She sang her name, it's song ripping through the world below as the wind rushed to carry it far and wide. 

She was Kira, *Queen of Beasts.* 

Others picked up the song, voices near and far. Glorious metallic forms took to the air, singing in answer to their lost queen. The riders were reborn, their army would rise again. They would take back their lands and free their people!

Kira turned to thank the winged man, but he was gone. And as she flew to join her people and their riders, she realized he'd taken her injuries with him. Her eyes could see, her wings were whole, her voice was strong. All that was left were the searing white scars in their place, stark against the black-blue of her scales. 

She composed a new song, a song of fire and death. A song of a winged man and his searing fire. She sang the song of the Angel of Death.

And the world below her shook. 
