"Honey" 

I heard her yelling but I was still in bed. I took the day off to finish up a few things around the yard but I really wanted to sleep in to at least nine. But not now I guess...

"What?" I yelled the kind of "what" a sixteen year old yells from two rooms away.

"Come look at the car." 

That car had been both a miracle and curse since I bought the damn thing. 

"What's it this time?" I was still in yelling from bed mode, not quite ready to get up yet. The flannel sheets were warm.

"A tank."

A tank? See, this car changes according to worldly events. If it's summer it becomes a convertible, if the kid drives it it becomes a Volvo, if I have to drive the team to a travel soccer game it becomes a bus, you get the drift. But a tank?

"A what?" even though I'd heard her the first time I wanted to hear her say it again. 

"A tank. It's a tank. What do you think that means?"

War was too obvious an answer. Zombie apocalypse? Nah. Sleep was leaving my brain so I swung out of bed. I put on my slippers and robe and headed downstairs, still thinking. 

"Coffee" I said and held out my hand. She put a mug in it. She's good that way.

"Don't you want to see it?" She was opening the door. 

I wasn't quite ready to go to the driveway just yet. Dave was out there. Dave "Mr I'm A Freelancer And I Work From Home". Mr Smug. Mr I'll Tell You What This Means. Mr Fuckfacedouchebag. Too early for Dave.

I wander over to the sink to spit and peek through the curtains. Shit. That really is a tank. An M26 Pershing from the look of it. Call of Duty taught me somethin' damn straight. 46 tons of armored fun just waiting to pick the kids up from school. I wonder if I could figure out how to load some ammo and blow Dave up? Mr Blown Up Real Good I could call him.

As I'm imagining Dave and a mushroom cloud a red Prius pulls up. Red Prius. "Who the hell do I know with a red Prius?" I think when it hits me so hard I drop the coffee mug.

"Honey?" I hear the yell from outside. "Honey, look! My Mother's here! And she's staying a week".

EDIT - changed from an Abrams to a Pershing to make zycamzip smile.