I wake up to a pounding head-ache. I figure I must have been partying hard last night. I don't even remember coming home. After awhile, I remember. I declared yesterday a "New Sin Day", a day for my "followers" to get drunk and suggest new religious rules. Moat are so they can play the "it's against my religion" card. However, some are just ridiculous; I think last night someone suggested "thou shalt wear all clothing inside-out while in a holy place". I chuckle at the idea of everyone coming over to my house with their clothes inside out.

Then I hear some excited muttering. I open my eyes, and try to make them focus. All I can see right now are silhouetted blobs pointing at me, yelling very excitedly. I move to rub my eyes, and my hand bumps against a sheet of glass above. A frightened rush of adrenaline bring everything into focus. I'm in a box with a glass lid. Around me a a bunch of strangely dressed people. Their clothing is worn inside out.

Members of the pointing crowd suddenly look behind them, and move to the side. A man wearing a blue pool noodle on his head approaches. He takes one look at me and shouts "He has returned!". With this, he pulls out a key, inserts it just out of sight, and my chamber opens.

I sit up, terrified and ready to punch anyone who approaches me. Instead they all lay flat on their faces, terribly singing old TV theme songs. I look around, and my confusion is somehow increased. I'm in the middle of a large room. The room is made of marble, and decorated with gold and silver. A rail extends from under my bed, and leads out the door on the other end of the room.

The bed suddenly jerks forward, knocking my onto my back. The crowd of people stand up and follow, still singing their songs with all the elegance of a bullfrog in a blender. After the short transport, the bed stops, and I hear a familiar voice welcoming me. I sit up to see an old man standing up from his throne, two red pool noodles worn on his head. As he approaches me, I realize why he looks so familiar. He's my best friend, James, aged some 40-50 years.

I yell, bewildered, "What's going on‽".

He laughs, "Sorry, I forgot you wouldn't know what's going on."

He pauses, waiting for me to ask, but I just stare in shock, so he decides to continue on.

"You tried driving home drunk from the New Sin Day party, and ended up in an accident."

More shocked staring on my part.

"You weren't going to survive, but the church had enough funds to get you cryogenically frozen. We wanted to keep the religion going, so we voted for a new leader. I ended up getting elected, since I was your best friend."

I finally find the ability to speak. "Is.. Is that what this is? My church?"

He nods. "We started having all sorts of fun rules; it started drawing attention. People we didn't even know began to join. I started adding in a bunch of mythological 'doctrine'. For example, when we moved you to the new healing chamber, I gave a 'prophesy' that you would rise again."

"So.. I'm basically a Jesus figure now?"

A few members of the crowd gasp at the mention, but James waves at them to relax. "It's taboo to speak of other religions. We grew a lot over the years. We played our cards right to get rich and influential. We got a member into congress, and then another, and another. Before long, half the country were members."

"How‽"

"I'm not really sure. It started as an excuse to party a lot, but people began taking it seriously. People were convincing friends to join. I didn't stop them. I get all the membership fees."

John ignores my disappointed glare.

"People started taking issue with our religion. Calling it 'of the devil'. It ended up pulling the nation into a civil war."

I realize this much too ridiculous. It must be an elaborate prank. I'm about to call it out, but looking at the aged face of my friend, and my expensive surroundings, I can't figure out how they've done it. Instead I just give a suspicious nod.

"By some miracle, we won. With our victory, we turned the nation into a theocracy. I have ruled as king for many years, but now, you are awake."

I look around, still completely confused. The marble, the gold. The people laying on their faces, still singing TV theme songs.

My friend take off the ridiculous pool noodle hat. "You are the original founder, and as such, you out-rank me". The singing gets louder as he puts the hat on my head. "Welcome the new king of the Party States of America!"

-----

^(Okay, that was a mess, but I couldn't pass up this prompt)