Groggily, I came to hunched over on my knees, my face firmly planted in shag carpeting.  Immediately I felt the duct tape covering my mouth and handcuffs digging into my wrists behind my back.  Great.  I tried standing to no avail.  As I went to get up, I was jolted back and heard something rattling.  Looking back, I saw that the handcuffs were chained to the floor.  Classic.

Sitting back down, I attempted to make out my surroundings.  With blurred vision and a dull throbbing in my head, worsened by the dim, orange glow of an exposed bulb, it proved difficult.  It wasn't the most spacious of rooms and the decor did it no favors.  Sex swings, ropes and hooks dangling from the ceiling, a rack of chains and whips speckled with blood, and even a shoddy stockade cluttered the room.   Fun stuff.  I couldn't wait to find out what those were for.  Before I could take it all in, pounding footsteps started towards the door from outside the room.

There was a brief pause between the last footstep and the door swinging open.  The anticipation was killing me; I couldn't wait to see my captor.  When the door swung open, he did not disappoint.  A towering man resembling a construction worker entered the room with pride.  Of course a man that only wears flannel and grows out a Fu Manchu for fashion rather than irony had this in his house.

In a gruff but excited tone, he said, "Welcome to my playroom.  How's my new toy feelin' after his little nap?"  

My immediate reaction was one of hysterical laughter, but the tape over my mouth quickly turned it into a violent coughing fit.

All it took was one stride for us to be nose to nose.  As he ripped the tape from my face, he barked, "What's so funny?"  His hot, heavy breath was overwhelming.

Inhaling deeply and clearing my throat, I gathered myself.  "That's your line?" I asked.

His face, flushed from both anger and embarrassment, showed no signs of amusement.  He grabbed me at the collar and ripped me up off of the ground.  The handcuffs tore into my skin, I grimaced.  He smiled and winked at me.

"Now that's funny." He stated with a chuckle.  "Let's get to it."

He went around my back to unchain me.  Even the slightest movement of the cuffs as he fumbled around back there inflicted pain.  The chain rang as it was dropped to the floor.  Finished, he returned and we were face to face again.  I saw my opportunity and took it.

I cocked my head back and before he could process what was happening, I brought my forehead down upon the bridge of his nose.  The crunch I both felt and heard ensured it was broken.  Blood in his eyes and streaming down his face, he tumbled backwards.  Stumbling over his bulky work boots, he crashed into the wall.  Having bashed his head, he slid to the floor.

Swiftly, I bent at the waist and worked the handcuffs down the back of my legs.  Once at the floor, I stepped backwards over my restraints.  At my feet laid a key ring my would be attacker had dropped.  Calmly, I flipped through the keys to find the one I needed to free myself.  

Having removed the cuffs, I advanced toward the man that intended to treat me like one of his toys.  He was wobbly and struggling to get to his feet.  Blood loss and head trauma tend to make that difficult.  Dragging him by his mullet, I locked him in his stockade.

"Now listen," I began, staring into his eyes as they welled with fear, "there's been a change of plan.  I know you were really looking forward to "taking a load off" tonight," he began trembling, "but I had plans of my own that you took upon yourself to cancel.  We're just going to have to improvise now and be a little spontaneous.  I promise to take things slow, though, so that we can both enjoy our time together.  Where should we start?"

I could tell he was resisting every urge took look around the room, not wanting to indicate what he feared most.  Straining his eyes to keep them in place, they began to falter.  His eyes flashed to the left and before they darted back, I grabbed the toy he tried so hard to avoid glancing at.

His breath stuttered.

"Shall we?"