"Esu" Zeus thunders from his high throne.
A lanky figure dressed in animal tide bursts through the golden doors of the Zeus' inner chamber. They were all there. Every damned forsaken god donning their white and golden robes, which shone with the radiance of a million stars. Their legs thrown on top the golden table around which they are all seated.
He could sight Thor at the far corner twirling his hammer around his finger with a smug look on his face. Ares, Odin, Ogun. They were all in the room.
The scourge of the universe all gathered in one room. His nostrils could hardly bare the pungent scent of human blood; the booties of godly wars that filled the room.
Esu believes that these lightheaded war-mongering beings are meaningless to the world. The sight of Hades stroking his fiery beards as smoke goes out his ears in intermittent puffs only reiterated his belief.
The languidness in which they sat making meaningless conversations about earth irked Esu. This was supposed to be a meeting to end it all. The constant struggle for dominion. The many battles that had been fought to define loose boundaries of worship.
"Yes master" Esu says. His tone is placid and subservient and gives nothing of his seething anger away.
"I want you to treat these men with the finest women from my dominion. The finest I tell ya"
Zeus is treated to a rowdy mixture of laughter and applause.
"I like them tall, Zeus. Tell him. I want a tall one" the loose mouthed Apollo wags his tongue, laughing at the end of his own words.
"and that you will have" Zeus replies with a proud smile.
"Ah 'Em earthly women be the best. their frail skin makes this god wonder how they be manage to stay whole in a mundane world as theirs" Mars rests his chin on his clenched fist. His brows burrowed by inquisitiveness.
Zeus stands up and spread open his hands. His golden garment dazzling with the brilliance of a nebula. 
"My fellow gods. You shall get all you seek and all that you which to know but above all you shall find pleasure. One which I know too well. You are in the home of Zeus. This is Olympus so we shall put these war ponderings aside and enjoy the gift of our immortality for even in eternity the pleasures of the world most be sought"
Esu could not hold it any longer. He burst into loud laughter. The whole lot suddenly grew quiet and turn at him.
It is a condescending laughter with overtures of villainy. A greater evil than any of them could imagine.
Esu rises from his bow and runs his hair through his afro.
"I apologise for my outbursts esteemed gods but it seems you have all overestimated thyselves. Immortality is no gift to you. At least not one that I cannot take" Esu says as he walks around.
"What are you doi..." Zeus rises. Esu snaps his fingers and in an instant Zeus disintegrates into dust.
They are all suddenly struck with fear.
"You see I have grown tired of your incessant fights for dominion and I am retiring you all. Permanently. You cannot use your powers here this is Zeus dominion"
A look of horror has spread through all their faces. For the first time in their lives they are genuinely powerless.
"so it is goodbye then" Esu snaps again and just as Zeus had disintegrated into dust, the other gods slowly disintegrate into dust, away with their brilliance and their Insatiable longing for war.
Esu spares the sight no second look, he walks away whistling a tone. One that sounded all too familiar to those who held onto hope in the times of trouble. This was a new beginning for the world. A new era of gods. 