"So, this is it?"

"Yes. This is the end. For Mars, and if fate is kind, myself," I replied quietly.

"Mars?!" The shock in Rose's voice amused me. I had been here so long that the novelty had worn off, and so much time had passed since her last visit that I nearly forgot her ability took her some place safe, but not necessarily where she expected, only when. She continued, "It looks like humanity is long gone. How are you here?"

I took a moment longer to watch the setting sun, an angry red eye consuming much of the horizon. Sunset took so long now, as the dying star had begun growing.

I turned to my old friend as we met for the first time, clarifying, "As technology advanced, people left the system. Some came here as well, preferring to prolong their time at home before seeking immortality beyond the stars.

"I expect humanity still lives, in some form or another, out there, but I am all that remains here. Some billion years after your time, the sun will become too bright for Earth—boiling oceans and all that—but long before that happens, people come to Mars. The constant care needed for Mars lessened as the habitable zone of the brighter sun expanded. However, in the few billion years since, the sun has depleted the hydrogen in its core, and now expands as it dies. The final arks left many thousands of years ago, carrying the remnants out of this doomed system."

She mulled it over a second, twirling a small lock of her raven hair.

"But, how are *you* here? Are you able to travel time like me?"

I chuckled and said, "I travel time, sure, but only forward. You see, while all of time is yours if you want it, all of time is mine as well. Only, I have no choice in the matter. Time slips past me, but it does not touch me as it does others. I am unbreakable, impenetrable, and enduring. Food keeps me happy, but I do not need it. Air allows me to speak, but breathing is not necessary. I am thus far immortal. I have watched since Earth had only one continent, and I will watch until the sun engulfs Mars, or dies. Possibly even after."

Her blue eyes were rimmed with sympathy, threatening to drop to her cheek.

"That's so sad... Always making friends, only to lose them in what must be the blink of an eye to you."

"Yes, but I've become accustomed to my lot."

"Have you ever had a wife, or children?" She inquired.

"Yes, I've had many families over time," I responded. "Many wives and children. But only one woman truly had all of my heart, and I had hers, though I never could have her hand."

"I cannot imagine how lonely that must be." Rose shook her head, then swore, "Well, I promise to always come visit you, no matter when I go!"

Her smile brought back so many memories. I had lived millions of lifetimes, but only one, spread out among many, gave me solace through the long wait to oblivion.

"I know."