At frist I didn't recognize the man who came out of the bathroom he looked about twenty years older and had added a touch of gray to his beautiful dark chocolate hair. Not that it looked bad far from it actually but it looked different and it took awhile after that to see the man I loved a couple seconds ago was now a different man entirely.

I asked him who he was at frist and why he was in my bathroom. He looked up at me with loving hurt eyes and told me who he was. I tried to deny everything that was in front of me this forty something couldn't possibly be my husband, I just saw his go in the bathroom! He must be hiding, this is some kind of prank right? He saw what was going on through my annoying Expressive face; he put his hands on my face suddenly I felt calmer and my senses where filled up with the smell fireworks, pine trees. 

i felt the breeze of the seashore as it ripped through my coat. The moon was bright and illuminated the trail ahead, a small dirt path on the side of a cliff. For some reason I stopped and looked down at the rocks and the waves battling each other and wanted to look away as fast as possible but found I couldn't. I closed my eyes and refused to look how far down it was to the rocks. Then I felt a warm arm loop around mine and a head rest around my shoulder and say "I hate Heights but asking as your here and the moon is up it's not so bad."

It was me. I was holding my arm and speaking to me in a voice that I wouldn't claim as mine. Or have I always sounded like that? It was definitely me though. Milkshake Lavender dyed short hair and green eyes that only matched the night time forest be hind us wrapped in a salmon colored jacket.

I felt nervous and special at the same time when the second me opened my mouth. Also a deep love for the person I was now looking at. They were everything to me. I felt like crying because I knew where I was now and what was about to happen. 

I heard a new voice now coming from inside me. a little different from how I hear it but I now understand it was my soon to be husband. "You can stand to go on the wheel of fire but you can't stand on a beautiful cliff side?" God the jerk should know the difference between a ride and constantly impending death. 

"You butt. Com'on let's keep going" 2nd me insisted

"Alright but I have some where special in mind. So I'm leading the way" his heart jumped a bit 

"I-I captain!" 

"I can't hear you!"

"I-I captain!"

He lead me down a path I hadn't taken in a while. We stopped when we got this little Grove filled with white and blue flowers that looked ghostly in the moonlight. He told me to turn around as he assembled a picnic dinner. My favorite foods, wines, and of course fireworks. When I turned around I asked what the occasion was and he said he just wanted to make me feel special. That was enough for me to want to rip off our clothes and do it like they do on the discovery Chanel. Seeing my face light up with joy and after the fact deviation made him feel great. Loved. The man. And I loved that he felt that way. 

Just as the night was turning to daylight he told me on top him and pulled out a little box and asked me to marry him. And I said yes.

 Then the momory faded and i had my husbands hands on my face. And his eyes were the same eyes that asked me to marry him. I leaned in a kissed him with tears streaming down our faces. Whatever he had been through he was still the man who loved me and asked me to marry him.

