Sunlight and the heavy clank of mechanized footsteps.

Grant stared up at the ceiling in shock. Not the comforting dull white ceiling of his bedroom, the rickety fan going round and round, but instead metal and looming and impossibly high.

Grant shifted slightly and chanced a look at the source of the steps. He immediately closed his eyes again and lay on his back like a rigid board, his heart rate escalating. He became aware of the hard surface he was lying on, a metallic slab cool to the touch. His arms pressed down the length of his sides. He was wearing some sort of loosely fitting hospital gown. The room was cold, producing goosebumps on his exposed limbs.

A muffled sound emerged from close by, "What the fuck...."

Another voice. "Shut. Up."

"Where are we?"

"Just shut up."

The footsteps halted, turned and marched back with the same measured, methodical pace as before. Each step induced mental agony. Grant clamped his eyes shut and tried not to piss himself.

"Riley Stranston, come with me please."

Grant chanced another look. A giant machine, it had to be ten feet tall, was standing over the metallic slab to his left.

"Who, me? I was wasted in a night club last night. Did someone drug me? Where am I? Am I still high?"

"Riley Stranston, unit #000234535." The machine gently extended its arms and scooped Riley up. It released some sort of chemical as well, because Riley began mumbling pleasantries as he was carried away, no longer concerned with where he was or whether he was still high.

Grant sneaked another look and was shocked to see that the room extended further than he could see in all directions except for the nearby windows, where the sun was coming from. There were countless machines patrolling up and down the limitless rows of prostrate humans. Fighting a growing sense of nausea, Grant tried to focus his attention on the windows.

He stared. The light didn't have that warm, soft glow of a normal sunrise. It was something more artificial, flat and harsh. What the fuck was going on.

"Grant Woodsburn, unit #001345233. Come with me please."

He woke up in a brightly lit room. His eyes blinking rapidly as they adjusted to the sterile light. The room was tiny, with pure white walls and a low ceiling, that too clean white of just-brushed teeth in toothpaste commercials.  A figure stood over him.

"Grant, hmmm let's see here... Woodsburn." The voice was jovial and good natured, which seemed starkly at odds with the setting. Grant could just make out a long, oval face that might have been green. The face seemed featureless, the intense light forcing Grant to squint. "Last night we harvested your entire species."

"You wha-" Grant descended into a hacking and coughing fit, no longer able to suppress his shock. He was forced to double over. The coughing went on like that for a while, his stomach cramped and he coughed up coagulated black phlegm. He cursed his nicotine addition for the thousandth time.

The creature simply observed until the coughing fit subsided. Once Grant was as calm as he could be, lying meekly prostrate and half naked in the brightly lit room, the creature stepped up to the bed and passed a small white object over him. It emitted a flashing blue light.  After several passes the creature put the device away.

"You were developing tumors on your left lung. You had three, maybe four years left at the rate you were going," the creature carried on, pleasantly, "Anyway. You're cured. We'll give you a full assessment in a little bit, but I've got rid of most of the damage - from this habit and others."

Grant's mouth fell open. The creature began judiciously packing away items that had been placed on a nearby table. They were all small, white, and sleek looking. Once it was finished the creature pressed a button on the wall. It took a step to leave, and then almost as an afterthought looked back over its shoulder at Grant, who now had a singular piece of drool descending from the corner of his mouth.

"Welcome to the Universe."