This is a true story. I have never written anything for this sub as I'm not a writer, but saw the prompt on my front page, and started crying. I hope it's okay if I share this with you.

My mom turned 71 years old last November. The day before she was working out at the gym as she did five days a week. You wouldn't have known she was in her seventies; she had few wrinkles, and still worked full-time for the local school system as an administrative assistant. She was standing up after cycling 8 miles on the gym bike when she had a seizure. A fitness instructor called 911. The hospital called me, and I rushed to the emergency room.

My mom was already hooked up to monitors and an oxygen mask when I arrived. She was not awake. The ER doctor told me that she appeared to be in a coma and was exhibiting neurological symptoms. They wheeled her into the MRI bay and ran a scan of her brain. Cloudy disperse formations showed covering a third of her frontal lobes. A small mass shone bright under contrast in a portion of her inner brain. The neurologist explained that they needed to remove a sample of brain tissue to test for cancer.

My mom never woke up. She was diagnosed with glioblastoma stage IV, along with an unusual form of brain cancer that creeps between tissue, locking down brain and body function like a slow-moving night janitor. She was released to hospice care, and I spent the next three months sitting next to her silent body, 24 hours a day, reading her stories and bits from the news. Sometimes I sang to her, her favorite country songs though I can't carry a tune. She passed in the middle of the night a few weeks ago, and I didn't notice until I woke from a fitful sleep to find her cold and still.

The day after her obituary posted online, I started receiving calls and messages from literally hundreds of strangers. They wanted to know if they could attend the funeral mass, or if they could send flowers and make a donation in her name to foundations supporting brain cancer research. Who were these people? My mom had a few friends, but mostly hung out with me when she was outside of work. 

It ends up that my mom had a secret. She had a Twitter account, and had over 50,000 followers. She didn't post funny things or salacious things or political things - the stuff that usually goes viral. She just posted coffee talks each morning, and tens of thousands of men and women around the entire world joined her in wishing others a great day. She liked to post motivational pictures with sunsets and uplifting words. She liked photos of deer in the woods, kittens, the great expanse of desert that rolls beyond our city, the stars of the night sky. 

She never told me about her Twitter. I found out from these strangers who came to depend on her smile and spirit. I guess what I learned is that it doesn't take much to make someone else's life better.

Thanks for listening. I miss my mom so much right now.