He comes forward, all clanking and shining steel.  

In a defensive manner, he holds a shield before him, though I can see him tremble with each step he takes.

Sometimes they come in all charging and bloody zeal.

Other times they try some clever trap, or personal appeal to my own safety.

There's nowhere safer than here I say.  

Here, in this cave, there's glittering quartz and cool pools to drink from.

No knights with lances at full tilt, charging into a horde of disorganized peasant boys and cutting them to pieces, then cheering and trampling the corpses like they've won some great victory.

No cunning viziers or intricate byzantine plots that require you to measure every word heard in court more carefully than the last.  No whining sycophants or beggar kings, asking for more soldiers and wealth to expand already great demesne.

No great stone castle that seems to always be dark and dank and grim, with neither enough light nor enough warmth.  

In here, it's just me and my dragon.  

Here, it's just us ladies.

No grimy, sweaty men eyeing you with those detached leery grins.  No political matches or courtly intrigue or bickering courtesans trying to bed the Lord or Lady who happens to grant them the most advantageous position.

No pretentious princes or swaggering bards, all intent on bringing you to some quiet alcove and wooing you to prove they can conquer even royalty.

Is it too much to be asked, to simply be left alone?

The idiot came alone, though men like to do that when proving that their valor must equal their stupidity.  

I wonder how many callers today?

Cornflower rises from her resting position, her haunches heavily muscled.  They don't see her the way I do.  How mother had.  

I can still remember when I was much younger, during the time no one seemed to mind the scrapes and mud on a little girl's legs that we'd go flying.  Mother would point to the towns and castles we'd pass, giving names to things that resembled toys more than holdfasts.

A few dashes forward, and Cornflower extends her wings before flapping them a few times.

A warning gust.

If the boy knows what's good for him, he'll back away now.

But they never do.  Never seem to teach giving up in the castle yards.

Though the gusts knock the knight on his back, making him look for one moment almost like a turtle flipped to its side, he brings himself to his feet again.

Still he advances.

Do I tell him to go back?

I could try, but it never works.

Cornflower's body is covered not in scales, but long and luminous blue feathers.  Harder than steel, it's like a rippling of gems and light running all across her spine, and the mouth opens in a savage warning.

Smart girl, Cornflower.  Kind girl, Cornflower.  We understand one another.

Leave us alone, please.

We don't want to go home.

A sword, silver and brilliant, holds aloft.  Daring challenge, and wonderfully brave I'd say, if anyone else was here to see or care.

Instead it's simple foolishness.

Cornflower dashes forward, far faster than you'd expect a beast of her size to move.

With a great curved claw, she means to swipe him back, injure him.

Ward him away.

Instead the claw cleaves through plate and ringmail beneath.  A sudden squelch, moaning cry, and the hiss of hot blood on cold stone.

Another body to throw out the entrance, it would seem.

No other callers today, it'd seem.  When I take the body past the cavern and into the sunlight, there's no line.  No war tents or pavilions with banners waving in the sunlight.

"Good day, ma'am."

The voice comes from behind the trees, and a tall, slender gentleman with raven black hair and broad shoulders steps forward.

He's clad entirely in crimson leather, with a lovely sword at one side.

Full white teeth, wide, disarming smile.

"I've been told there's a princess and a dragon here.  Am I correct?"

"That you are.  Here to slay her?"

I can hear the venom in my voice, but I can't help it.  Better to ward them off, and half the time no doesn't seem to mean no to them. 

"Excellent," he says.  Coming forward, he makes his way up the steep path to the cavern entrance.

"Shall we enter?"

His voice is jovial, almost conversational.  

*Kind,* I think.  *He's got a kind face.  A joking man, the kind that tells the best stories at either brothels or taverns.*

*Not bad looking either, I'd say.*

Without so much as addressing me, he moves forward into the cavern, footsteps echoing into the dark.  

As you enter the main chamber, a dim blue light emanates from mushrooms growing haphazardly in the upper corners of the cavern, bathing everything in a somber light.

Cornflower rises again, though the jaw drops immediately in a threatening gesture.

Please don't roast both of us, girl.  I'm not in my usual vantage point.

He stops close to wear the knight died, and leans down, sliding a finger into the goop below.

Tutting his mouth, he tastes the blood, smacking his lips a few times.

"Man died here what, an hour ago?  Two?"

It's the casual tone of a professional, and I don't like it.

"If you're here for me," I say, "I'm not interested in going anywhere."

"Good."

The word is flat and blunt, uncaring and dismissive.  It's almost like I'm not here.

"I came here for her."

He walks forward, keeping a great distance between himself and Cornflower.  From a pack on his back, he withdraws a boxish item.  A long wooden handle extends.  Strings on it.  A lyre?  No.  Something else.

He plucks away at a soft melody, and watches Cornflower.  No song, no words.  Only soft music.

Cornflower sits, entranced.  Watching intently, listening with great curiosity.  Even her head seems to sway back and forth.  

When he finishes, he steps closer.  

"She's beautiful," he says.  His voice seems deeper.  Darker.  Heavier.

"But she's trapped in there.  Don't worry.  I can help.  I used to be like you."

Does he have a tail?

His back lurches in a horrifying manner, sending him on all fours. 

*He's growing, changing, becoming something huge and monstrous,* I think.  

But then I see the haunches.  The crimson feathers.  The rippling metallic glow and the great yellow eyes.

Another dragon, nearly twice Cornflower's size, approaches her slowly.  They sniff each other like dogs, hulking beasts that inspect each other without malice.  Curiosity, I'd say.

The crimson dragon begins to walk towards the entrance, his tail swishing back and forth.

Cornflower follows slowly at first, then looks to me.

*What do you want, pretty lady?  To follow the man?*

Her eyes are pleading, her jaw opening and closing nervously.

She wants to go.

She wants to follow.

*Very well.*

*He came for his princess, I would say.  Though it must not be me.*

"Be back by midnight, young lady," I say, imitating those authoritarian voices that boomed down on me as a girl.

They pad away, and with wings almost joined, they burst into the sky, circling each other in flight.

*I wonder where they're going?"*  I think to myself, before returning into the cavern.  A part of me knows, though.  That bonded pact of lifeblood, where wings and claws extend to flesh and blood.  There's a lost place, a soft place, far and away from here.

Cornflower's becoming difficult to see, masked by the blueness of the sky, though the Crimson beast circles by her.

Where are they going?

In an instant they shoot away, going to some ancient place that resides among moss and graveyards, the kind of place where people once lived and loved and fought but did so no more.

Perhaps there he'd teach her to be something else, less conspicuous, I'd say.

Maybe he'll convince her to stay with him.

Or perhaps they'll come for me.

The sun warms my face before I return to the cavern, prepared to wait.

*She'll come back for me,* I think to myself.  *She has to.*

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

r/storiesfromapotato