 "Clariel, do you have any idea what we're doing?" Marx was marching through the swamp with his partner Clariel and another fellow hunter Ayanoria. "Central didn't tell us the mission for a reason you know, but I'm guessing it's pretty serious. They did give us nine tier-seven, so I wouldn't undere-" 

 There was a faint whistling sound from the right.

 The left.

 And then whispering all around.

 The surrounding terrain turned a light pink color and Marx's eyes glazed over. His Chinese Dragons heat diminished, along with his Chameleon-Cyanide drake turning a deep blue. Even his Siren Song wyvern stood no chance against the whispers, which grew louder and thicker with every passing second.

 "Marx! Come back!" Ayanoria's voice echoed like he was all the way across a long tunnel filled with water. No matter, Ayanoria's words mean nothing. It's so much easier to follow the whispers, with the landscape changing like a kaleidoscope of color, from pink to magenta to baby blue to black to deep, deep blood re-

 A bright flash of light exploded in front of Marx, and a few seconds later, Clariel's Solarium Valkerie was floating above his head, protecting him from whatever had just happened. "What is with you man? You tryna scare us or something?" Ayanoria's Pitch Wurm's scales glowed feverishly, no doubt going to send a horrible nosebleed toward Marx. "Ima teach a lesson right here, right n-" 

 "Ayanoria" Clariel whispered, terror in her eyes. "Ayanoria, stop."

 "Whaddya mean Clary? This beginning brat needs to be tau-" A scream from Clariel stopped him in his tracks, and he looked back at Marx. He looked just in time to see Marx turning to stone, and him crumbling while looking in the eyes of a humongous serpentine Drakune, the highest level of Dragon. It had fangs the size of a small child, with sharply pointed ears and 6 tentacles coming from the nook of its ear. its body just kept going and going and going, curling around in a hypnotizing curling pattern. It had multiple wings along its body curving down and then suddenly up.

 Ayanoria's Pitch Wurm tried to shroud the group in dark mist, but it was immediately dissipated by a roar from the Drakune. His other two dragons, a small Crystal Drake and Caustic Drake shot shard of diamond and columns of fire at the Drakune, but it was no use. Clariel's Valkerie swooped around Ayanoria, trying to shield him from the strange absence of damage. Her other two Drakes stood by her and Ayanoria, waiting to heal any wound.

 The Drakune closed its eyes. And then opened them.

 At once, everything stopped. everything fell into a trance, the group, the drakes, the forest.

&#x200B;

 ***I am Basalisk, Guardian of Gaia. You, humans, have trespassed upon her body for far too long, and now you shall pay. My brethren will come soon, but you will not be their meal, you will be mine.*** 

 ***Come to Me.***

 And then, everything turned black.