The president is dead, the vice president is missing, and the armies of the dictatorship have stormed congress, killing every lawmaker they can find, regardless of party. America was definitely not perfect by any stretch of the imagination, but it was the last major bastion of freedom left in the world. There are still other powerful free nations, like England and Japan, but with most of the rest of the world firmly in the enemy's grasp, so a few formerly powerful, isolated countries can't really hope to last forever. America was the last major hope for true victory, and now the surviving US government rules in exile in Hawaii and enemy flags parade down Pennsylvania Ave.

The effects were immediate. Great monuments to America such as Mount Rushmore and the Liberty Bell were destroyed. Prisons were emptied of drug dealers with years left on their sentencing. In their place, former judges, police, and anyone with enough financial power to challenge the dictatorship were thrown in jail, regardless of their personal history. Their empty homes, and the millions of unsold empty homes across the country were repurposed into apartments for the homeless, just given away without the owners consent or compensation.

Landlords were shot in the streets. In their stead, the dictatorship maintained the building and the people owned their apartments directly. Factory owners and bosses were shot too. The dictatorship sent their people in every workplace. These agents sinisterly worked the job right along with the workers and organized meetings where the workers would decide the fate of the jobs, the type of work, and the amount of work they'd do. The lazy workers immediately invested in automation initiatives, as that meant less work for them instead of getting fired. Captains of industry no longer had the ability to maximize money making efficiency by driving down wages through worker competition, as with the new government, the dictators would step in and offer at least something to just any old schmuck looking for a job. 

Supermarkets that once held so much food theyd had to throw out half at the end of the day no longer existed. Instead, people would have to wait on long lines, where everyone from the most skilled doctor to the formerly homeless and formerly jobless were just given food. No longer were you allowed to earn your way to a college education either, as universities became tuition free and college presidents were chased out by angry students. The pharmaceutical industry crashed when the dictators outlawed medicine patents, and the price of medicine hit rock bottom. Instead of companies, the dictatorship controlled and funded the research directly and heavily, leading to things like a cancer vaccine and an end to mother-to-child aids transmission. 

Both political parties were suspended, and the US became ruled by a series of councils. The dictators organized town hall meetings in every section of the country where people would discuss ideas then nominate people to their council. Once nominated, the council members names, bios and platforms were taped to a wall, and people would vote yay or nay on them. If they did not recieve 51% yays then the process restarts. No one was allowed to use their hard earned dollars to campaign for themselves, so they had to rely entirely on their respect level in the community  and on those bios. To help manufacture the appearance of a working democracy, the dictators enacted sinister methods to increase voter turnout, such as an open air paper voting system, holding election days on weekends, and sending schoolchildren to the houses of the elderly and disabled to help them vote. There were also two national councils, one made of member from the local council voted upward, and one voted on directly using similar means.

No longer were people working on figuring out how to make a successful business model off of solar energy. Instead, the dictators just hired people to build solar panels and instal them in homes. No longer were people trying to figure out how to make space travel a commercially viable venture. Instead, the dictatorship just funded space exploration directly, and the US got a person into orbit in incredibly short amount of time despite the recent war. With the koch brothers dead and the various oil industries in the iron grasp of the dictatorship, no one was around to fund belief in creationism and global warming denial, and so both those ideas faded away, just like the oil industries themselves. No longer could you buy everything off of Amazon, you instead had to buy it off of a dictatorship run website. Instead of Jeff Bezos getting to reach his dream of a trillion dollars, all of those profits were used to fund more of the dictatorship initiatives. No longer could you watch a movie industry run entirely by Disney, instead you had to watch movies made by artists funded through generous dictatorship public grants. No longer was anyone allowed to funnel billions of dollars of personal wealth to fund hate speech masquerading as a news channel, and so racism, sexism, and homophobia slowly disappeared as well.

But worst of all was the brainwashing. With everyone having jobs, homes, food, medicine, education, and freedom from all the isms, anxiety, crime, and belief in pseudoscience dropped away considerably. With these sinister open air and campaign-less elections, voting participation skyrocket. And slowly, through these brainwashing efforts, the people started to believe that this dictatorship of the proletariat wasn't really the enemy after all.