Level 0 seemed like a joke. The kind of thing rookies spread around to weed out the easy, gullible types new to 51. 

I nearly shit myself when the brass said it was actually a thing. 

Our basic operating state swung between levels four and five, the latter being the "No known threats, no need to operate, have a nice day," a.k.a. Code White. Four was for covert investigations of possible, growing threats. Usually things died down after one of the alphabet agencies got wind and sent someone in, 007 style. If that didn't work, things went from that Code Green at 4 to Yellow at 3, a.k.a. "War Mode." Area 51 didn't do much even then, only beefing up or remaking some tech if things went on for too long. 

Level 2, Code Red, was only recorded to have happened 3 times in history. One was classified, and only upper levels were allowed details of that one. Both the other times were for the World Wars, and we got to work with our Allies' versions of 51. Now, though, we would probably just corroborate info with the UN. Level 1, which had yet to happen, was a Code Brown, and was basically a contingency plan for The End. At that point, all the stops would be pulled. Nukes flying, jets screaming, and our special contribution: the Horrors. 

You know all those weird, creepy, scary stories you heard as a kid? Well, at least a good third of them were true, and the only reason those nightmares aren't roaming around is because they're locked up nice and tight in the Cellar. As a few examples, we have Cthulhu, Ifrit, Irenicus, and, as a matter of fact, the Master. Yes, THAT Master. I know England still has Alucard somewhere, along with the Doctor, and Russia keeps the real Rasputin (the Lich King, not that witch doctor) somewhere. 

On a Level 1 emergency, A51 command in unilaterally authorized to unleash any of the Horrors they feel may be able to end the conflict. And, in all seriousness, if things are at that point, half the planet's probably dead anyways. 

Level 0 was said to be Code Black, the Last Resort, Final Solution, the God Option, or any suitably dramatic name for it. The process itself was simple: just call the number on the sticky note on the Briefing Room's whiteboard, and pray that the demands aren't too high. Literally everyone on the base has seen it or had it pointed out to them. All it had was the name "CHUCK" above the number 462-867-5309. There was a rumor going around a few months back about some noob pulling it off and getting reamed by a Sargent about it. The kid, afterward, swore that the back had "GL Winchesters!" in cramped writing. It all made it pretty hard to believe when you laid it all out. 

*I just hope to God it works...* 