Her name is Sarah. She was born in Pottumwa, Iowa. She moved to Santa Monica. She goes to UCLA studying film. Specifically, she is studying editing. She is three years into her masters.

Her favorite movie is A Nightmare on Elm Street. She listens to the Misfits. She has a horror movie she wrote, shot, and editted on her 4 terabyte external Samsung Harddrive, serial number 093451778. 

It is decent, for a 15 year old stealing her father's VHS recorder. It's called "The Clawed Horror". 

Her father is a welder at a machine shop with a penchant for B-movies. Her mother is a middle-manager at a small office firm in Salinas, California. She moved there when she was a sophomore in high school. 

She enjoys beer. She has never been to a trendy barber shop or clothing store. She thrifts. She cuts her own hair. She has taught herself all of these skills.

Her mind is brilliant. Her minor is language studies. She speaks, fluently, three different languages: German, Portugese, and Japanese. She is invested in video gaming. She has friends all over the world. Every now and then she even lets her international friends beat her at League of Legends, even though she mathematically can best them any time.

She keeps a journal saved in her cloud. She jots down anything that comes to her mind. Movie ideas; "Guy  opens portal to netherrealm. Bangs Satan's daughter. Satan insists on a shotgun wedding." 

Her name is Sarah.

She has a boyfriend. His name is Jason. He is cheating on her with two women, who are sleeping with other women and men, and so on and so forth. I see everything, Jason. So I know you only appreciate Sarah because she'll do anal every now and then. Because you think she's easy.

I've seen the pictures. A perfect body. The tattoo on her left breast. The birthmark on her left shoulder. The shots of you two making love.

I can't call it love, on your end Jason. After all, you are her college professor. It all started so innocent; "Excuse me, Professor Jensen? I'm struggling with this concept, borderline personality disorder, what separates it from depression, anxiety, or general psychopathy?"

And how blase your reply was. "Hi Sarah, consult me after class on Thursday. I have a few hours to kill before my next class, so I will explain to you the difference between those four disorders."

Oh, Sarah, my love...How foolish you were.

He was a strapping man; early 30's, graying temples. Fit, but not athletic. But you couldn't see the conditioning occuring. I could, after all out of your 26 classmates none of them bothered to secure their laptops. I know them all. Rachel, John, Mike, Alexandra, the rest...

So I see everything. Even the security cameras at the university.

I see him grooming you.

I see him conditioning you.

I see you thinking that you want him. I can tell by how your webcam shows you blushing when he addresses you in a joking manner in class. A small classroom. 20 desks. Used for physics and sociology on Mondays and Fridays. But your class uses it Thursday.

And every Thursday night, two weeks after your study session, I have seen you join him on the security cameras in the supply room. 

Sarah, your perfect body. Your hazel eyes, your brunette curls, your rapturous smile. 

I see him defile you in my dreams. I see him sodomize you. I see his wife; I see his children. I see everything.

I love you, Sarah. I love you. I love your parents:; Two friendly small-towners, completely unsure of themselves when they moved to California. But they succeeded. But don't fret. I will be with you soon, my love, and no matter what you say, I know you don't love your professor. I'll be sure you know who really loves you, dear. 

I've seen every video. Every picture. Your parents are tech savvy. They backed up everything. My dear, gyou are as right as the sun. You are the ebb and flow of a tide moving in, unsettling the sand, leaving only a pure untouched, undefiled state.

I'm coming Sarah. I know how much you truly need me. 