Burning debris littered the sky, as though a wall of hate against us, climbing higher and higher. The shadows grew into reaching arms, hiding the true enemy we tried to outrun: Man.


But to say that is facetious, I suppose. What enemies had we that we did not cultivate ourselves? The pot had boiled over and the world was full of steam and hate. They needed someone to batter, to release all the hell we put them through.


Sirens flared behind. The police cars were gaining. 


"Hurry Christ! Goddamn it hurry!"


"Oh Father, oh Father, oh Father..."


He could not drive. He was a short man. His hair was oily, thick and short. 


*Had you cared to come back, they would not have accepted you,* I thought.


I felt almost sorry for him.


"Can't take the heat?" said Lucifer.


Of all of us he was the one who enjoyed. They did not have to believe in him when they acted out his will freely.


"Why are you even here?" I asked him. "You cannot die."


"Why are you here?" he asked.


Gunshots rang like nearby thunder. The sky was red and dark.


"I... I..."


I did not know how to answer him. I was a man. I had no memories from before. I had awoken with them, us failures.


"A man amongst gods!" Lucifer screamed.


Buddha was firing. I wondered why he would do that. Was he not a pacifist? 


From the burning carcass of the explosion we had caused, there were ghostly things, shadows rising like clouds, giving chase above the cars.


"What is happening?" Jesus asked.


Back then I did not know. I won't lie and say I have all the answers now, but I think I know better. Those were growing pains that caused the earthquake. A build up of some kind had ripped the city open. The fires sprouted in vast columns. Many were dead. More were dying.


I think the world had given up waiting, or reached its seams. What gods shaped it, had never come. And then it was time to move on.


Jesus turned off the highway. A bullet pierced the back glass. I felt the heat of my blood pour in slow rivers everywhere. My head hurt.


*So I can die,* I thought.


"Why are they hunting us?" Buddha cried.


He fired his gun. Rubber squealed. A car ran off and hit the barricade.


"My children," cried Christ.


I admit I was angry then. Lucifer was laughing, feeding off my hate.


"You should not have abandoned them!" I screamed. "Why did you?"


"I would have come back!" screamed Jesus. "They needed patience."


"I never left them," said Buddha. "And who are you anyway to question the divine?"


I remained quiet. We were near the suburbs. Jesus slowed to a crash on a light pole. The sparks left tracers in the falling dark. Lucifer suffered whiplash and he would not move. He was a skinny man with bony features and thin hair.


"Leave him," said Jesus. "Let them take his scum."


"No, we cannot!" I said.


They were running without me. Buddha had lost his gun. They limped past the gathered few and their was a catching frenzy. Many of the people had lost their loved ones that morning. The news had blamed us already.


"There they are!"


A man pointed his gun at me.


"The other terrorists went that way," he said.


I backed away from Lucifer. He was hardly breathing. He would never truly die. Not in this world.


"You terrorist scum!" the man said.


He was shaking. Others surrounded me. Jesus and Buddha had gone. They had always been gone, I imagine.


"No," I said. "I'm not a terrorist. I'm..."


I had no name. 


"I'm Stephen," I said.


The name had just come. The man's gun trembled.


"Stephen? Stephen who?"


Others from the crowd began to call out other names, as though I had said them.


"Patrick?"


"Did he say Mike? Mikey?"


I looked at the old man with his gun. The police were coming, the wall of fire rising into smoke. The shadow monsters raced past overhead. They were a hunting black, hunting the fallen gods.


The old man was fighting tears. 


"What's your name?" he asked.


I could tell he would not ask again.


"Stephen Algiers," I said.


It just come, and then was gone like a fleeting warmth against confusion's cold.


The man dropped the gun.


"Stephen," he said. 


He ran to me and hugged me. The others had heard different names.


"Baby!"


They all embraced me, holding on to me as though they were the only ones to do so.


"What's going on?" I asked.


"I thought you died in the earthquake, son."


They all thought I was another. I was always someone who had died. I was the miracle, their catalyst for hope.


The police reacted the same. They brought ambulances for me, and continued the hunt for the gods. I could feel their presence within me. Lucifer suffered as they embraced me. They took him away. There was no shadow hunting him.


The others were caught, but not by men. As the fires dwindled and the sky became a stained black, I lost their feeling within. They were ghosts once more, Jesus and Buddha, a memory that had been taken by the shadows. I cannot explain it any other way.


They put me wherever I wanted to be. I had no home, and so I stayed at a shelter. Then I stayed at their homes. Each person saw in me something they had lost; someone they had longed for.


"Can't you see?" I asked, but they only saw what they wanted to.


The city rebuilt itself slowly. The churches dwindled. Prayer dissolved into smoke, until it became taboo, and then forgotten. I think about what happened, and yet no answer comes, a vague picture forms.


I think maybe the Earth had grown too long in one way. The gods had shaped it, but they had long gone. That shape was breaking, the Earth needing to grow in a new way. No longer did it receive the nurturing the gods had given. Too much time had passed.


And so it broke free. All that pent up hate and frustration had fueled the fires. The virus of the gods needed to be purged. And the Earth purged them. I was left alone.


Who am I, this amnesiac fool? There is no answer. I have no self. I think I am the seed that survives the destruction. The seed that can plant hope, and sprout new gods if I so please. For it is belief that makes them. Belief creates a tangible thing, the shaper of our world.


I can get them to believe again and start everything over. It is simple.


"How did you survive?" they always ask.


"God saved me," I can say.


But I don't. I have not. I am not sure I ever will. I let the questions linger and let their relief fill that aching void. They hold me for the time they have. Deep down they must know I am not who they truly miss, but the illusion helps. Hope heals, and that is the greatest miracle of all.


And so I live these days for others. I listen for the gods as the world moves on. I hear only an empty silence.


-


*Hi there! If you liked this story, you might want to subscribe to my subreddit r/PanMan. It has all my WP stories, including a couple un-prompted ones. Thank you for your support!*