Ok. So.

Trying out the creepy scroll that you've recently obtained from a dead relative is always some risky business. Risky enough that you'd probably want some time to properly understand the spell before incanting, maybe write out a little matrix, and all these other responsible things everyone learns in Wizard School.
But hey, what's life without a little risk? In this situation, the answer would be "non-existent" because being chased by the rogue-demon-golems of an incompetent colleague is not, on the whole, advantageous to the "staying alive" thing. 

It's only been ten minutes since some of Nathaniel's improperly stored work glooped together into those demon-golems, and I was quickly running out of hiding places and options. *Of course* Nathaniel was the only one stupid enough to leave his magical work unsecured,  and *of course* none of the emergency equipment in this workshop is even *remotely* related to stopping killer death golems. What use is a mild dampening charm when you need to be within decapitation range to use it?
So don't blame me for deciding to use the sketchy scroll. Blame Nathaniel. At least *my* magic was properly stored (a fact I silently cursed in my head as I fumbled with the seals, the sounds of the golems shuffling ever-closer to the broom closet I was in. )
My hands were shaking as I took off the last seal.
 Why did it have to be like this? This was my last night, dammit; Nathaniel couldn't wait *one* day to fuck up and kill the night shift. I always hated him.

I caught myself crying as I did a quick scan of the scroll to make sure it could be used offensively. Scrolls are single use, once you read it, their physical form transcends into the ether.
I didn't want to let go, but I wanted to die even less.

"...whoever invented cursive should be hanged, let's see here," I mutter as I try and scan the page as fast as I can. "Simple and easy... demon? Summoning and control?" It's puzzling.  There's no circle, no chanting, nothing typical of an average demon summoning, which makes me sceptical,  but grandma had a whole stack's worth of these?."

A heavy footstep falls much nearer than I would have  liked and my throat closes right up as fast as you please."*Please let this work*" I pray

It's a simple chant, with such a wide margin for error that I don't now if the spell really summons *anything*

"Broke, but better. Fixed and bought
Guess the deal that you've just got
Purple, yellow, green, or plain, 
Don't give it up or you're insane."

There's a bright painfull light that gets me to reflexively push myself out of the broom closet, and as I turned and met the face of one of my tormentors  I though. "Whelp, this is the end"

And then one of the shoddiest cars I've ever seen *flies* through the wall of the workshop, impaling the golem with a spiky hood ornamet that someone had thought was a good idea. 
I blink and stares for a second. It's the only thing you can do in that sort of situation,  right?

The other golem has heard the commontion and came trundlung over. The fear that shot theough me  at the sight it faded when the car immediately responded *to my thought* and smashed into the other golem with a slightly signifigant delay.
Huh. 

That's... probably worth a read in the archives.

Edit: spelling