"Ay Joseph you should stop drinking"

"I'm not drunk! This Polaroid just straight up show picture of whatever is in the objective like they were 10 years ago!"

"Yeah well it should be easy to prove such a claim"

"Yeah, seems like it's the only way. Come, follow me"

I don't know why this particular camera landed in my hands, fate? destiny? I don't care it was fun to experiment things. The best way to prove to Johnny that I was not lying was to take a picture of his old cat, as having a picture of my dog could be fabricated... I don't want to look like a liar in front of my best friend.

"Here we're at your place, now get me your cat"

I took a picture of his cat and it instantly came out just like I expected

"Now do you believe me?"

He looked at me dumbfounded, like I was possessed or something

"I don't like this Joseph, I have a bad feeling"

I expected that to happen but I wasn't in the mood to argue so I just left him and went back home.

Home sweet home, I've been living here for the past 5 years with sondy, my faithful dog. She was the first one I used this camera on him. I must admit at first I was surprised, but the more I used it, the more it grew on me. I loved this concept, exploring places like they were 10 years ago, lots of people would be really jealous of this camera. Well too bad for them, this camera is mine and mine alone.

I'm tired, I go to my room to sleep. Hey I should take a picture of my room, wouldn't be a bad idea. I take a picture of the room while focusing on the bed. The picture comes out kind of normal, a bit blurry and a bit zoomed in. I retry another one, same result... I must be really tired, well time to sleep.

As I sleep I start dreaming of a little girl playing in what seems to look like my room. She takes notice of me and then stops playing. Feeling uneasy I approach the girl trying to at least know who she is and what she's doing. 

"Go away Mister" she said in a deep echoing voices. She then faces me as and looks me in the eyes, that's when I notice empty sockets as I let out a scream that could wake up the whole neighborhood.

Suddenly I wake up, sweating, panting, my dog is barking. What the hell was that dream all about? I'm too scared to sleep again, so I decide to go out for a walk with the dog.

Next day, same dream. The day after, the same dream again. What the hell is all this about? it's been a week and I keep having the same freaking dream over and over again. I need to figure out what the heck is this all about. It all started when I took this picture with that camera, maybe it's all linked to some bizarre event that happened here 10 years ago. I decide to look for more information in journals and libraries, unfortunately I find nothing.

The same night same dream, but this time I'm too angry. Some pseudo ghost is "haunting" my room, not letting me get any sleep but I'll show her.

"Go away, Mister"

"Look here you brat, it's been a freaking week and I haven't slept since then. So you either to get the hell out of my head or explain to me which shaman to visit!"

Silence, complete silence, as if I had surprised her. Well maybe I'm onto something. 5, 10, 30 minutes? A year? I don't how much time passed (hey it's all inside my head isn't it), she finally mutters something, a name. A strange name indeed. 

The next day I go to check the registries at the city council looking for this name. And to my surprise I found it, apparently this person was the previous owner of my house. Well time to go pay someone a visit.

The next day I show up at the new address and ring the bell. As the door open, the silhouette of a man appears, he looked in his forties, very messy shape, like he hasn't sobered up for the last 10 years. 

"Mr Lodosk? I am Joseph, I come here concerning a particular issue concerning this"

As I showed him the camera he instantly broke down in tears. "Samantha, you're back! Samanthaaaaaaa". 

Moments later after calming up a bit he invited me inside his house. 

"I don't know how you found me out, but let me tell you the story. 10 years ago my daughter was raped and killed, the murderer gouged her eyes out just before he killed her. It was the most heartbreaking thing to see, I couldn't move because that guy had people who held me down. He forced me to watch my own daughter get raped, her eyes taken out and then killed... this whole affair was covered up because of some high officials connections. This camera is the only thing I had left from her, but it was stolen 2 years ago... thank you for bringing it back to me."

I left the house feeling mix of relief and horrified at the same time. But well, what's in the past is in the past, can't do anything except mourn a bit.

Finally home, maybe tonight I'll get to enjoy some much needed sleep. 

Woke up, without a single nightmare or anything, best feeling ever. I go out of the house for a walk around the lake. Such a magnificent view, I wouldn't trade this view for anything in the world. 

Suddenly I hear a huge bang in the distance then everything goes black. 

I open my eye and look around, it is a bit hazy around here. Then appears before me the Samantha girl. Thinking it was another dream I start screaming

"Oh come on I brought your camera back to your dad, what else do you want?"

She comes forward and this time I notice that she has her eyes

"Nothing mister, I just came here to thank you. Oh, and also welcome you to the realm of the dead".


PS: I wanted to turn this into a more gruesome horror story, dunno why but I changed halfway through. Hope you'll enjoy it







