Ah welcome back to "teens in the wild" with your host morrison gullover. Today were in gym class watching our specimens display there physicall strength. Today we are about to see a young teenidae approach a female for mating season, note how the male was tipped off by the combo of the females natural pheromones and manufactured pheromones both signalling shes in heat and ready to be mounted. 

The male, sprung up by his father pack approachs the female, at this point he's ready to take on the daunting task of asking her out, with success meaning higher social status, a chance to get a reliable mating partner and spreading his genes. Failure means his genes dont get passed on, hes put lower on the social hierarchy and mockery.Unfortunately for our male, a rival has arrived, this rival has been known to torment our male, with him taking any female in heat away from our male. He knows he can do this because our male is physically and emotionally weak, so he's easily pushed around. But not today. Sprung up with testosterone from preparing to confront the female he runs towards the rival

In confrontations human adolescents or "teenidae" have been know to fight only when necessary as fighting always leaves consequences whether it be injury,detention or mockery from losing. Our make starts by yelling, hoping to scare the rival, hes unfazed. The others from the gym colony surround the rival and male, one last curse at the rival to ensure a fight can be avoided, however the rival only laughs. The crowd is getting hyped, things could not be worse for our male, as if he loses, it will be heard all over the school, damaging his social image. 

Our male lunges over to the rival, swatting his face, the rival dodges, putting our male in a choke hold. However our male is clever and falls back to get the rival on the ground vulnerable. Success! He has the rival on defense with one punch after another the rival at this point needs help from his peers to get our male off. Before they can fight our male they're stopped by the crowd and our rivals pack slings off to heal their leaders wounds

Our male has won and now has a higher social status so much so that our female is red all over, signalling she wants to mate, now. The male takes notice however even though he won the fight he still has to earn her right by dancing. Our small male puffs his chest and surrounds our female while spinning, with each rotation getting closer to our female in heat. The female catches on and the male has won her over by getting her to dance with him! What a lucky break for our small teeny bopper! 

Our males story isnt dont yet however, our female wants sex now, so she leads him to a secluded area and instigates intercourse. Our small male, inexperienced with sex has to let her do all the work. She leads by letting him mount and the deed is done in 20 minutes, enough time for a successful mating and just in time for lunch, where our lucky male to spread word about his fight and new mate!

Join us next time for more "teens in the wild" im your host morrison gullover