Originally it started with a blood test that they perform on everyone. A standard test that they could put on your record. Blood type A+, hepatitis negative, HIV/AIDS negative, shingles negative, PONC(person of no contact)- Ashley Simons. It was always very easy to tell who your PONC was, it was a person born at the same time as you. As soon as your born, they check hospital records across the world and match you with your PONC. When I was 16 I thought it would be a good idea to talk to her and communicate 69 make sure we don't go near each other. So I looked her up on social media and sent her a message. "Hi, I'm Austin. I'm your ponc. I'm just messaging you to make sure we can communicate just in case you decide to come to where I live or vice versa" she said "ok sure, where do you live?" And then we started talking. Wasn't much at first, occasionally she would say "hey I'm going to (insert place here) is that ok?" And I'd be like "yeah go ahead" but sometimes she would ask me for recommendations on restaurants in places I've been, or what tv show to watch, id ask her what her opinion was on things, we would start a conversation. I know it's not normal couple stuff, but we were never supposed to meet, ever. If we did then the world would end. We all knew this to be true. Occasionally she would send a selfie of her at some tourist hotspot and I'd have to stop myself from gazing into her blue eyes or tracing her hair. I knew it was wrong, that the world would punish us if we ever got close enough to touch. I decided it was best that we didn't talk anymore, I knew we were getting too close and I didn't want my feelings to get the better of me. I stopped talking to her, cold turkey. She'd message and I wouldn't reply. But she never stopped messaging. She knew I saw each and every message, but she never brought it up. She just kept on talking like I was talking back. Fast forward, I was 20, just starting my junior year of college. She kept messaging me the entire time, like my phone was some kind of journal. I read them all though, it was comforting to know what she was up to. She talked to me through her several break ups, she told me about her lunch, she told me about her school, her dreams, sometimes just talked as if I would respond back. The past month I hadn't been reading though, I had gotten in with the wrong crowd a while back and I was busy trying to catch up with schoolwork. But as always the weekend came and I found myself at a party with my two best buddies. The layout of the house had decided that the bedroom was next to the living room, and in between had a closet with a door to both, why it was there is a mystery but regardless, there it was. On either side we were playing spin the bottle, the males on one side, the females on the other. Eventually I got picked and I walked in, automatically I knew something was unusual, the room with no lights, felt surprisingly comforting and despite the buzz I had from the several beers from earlier, I felt a moment of clarity, regardless, I went along with the game, knowing they wouldn't let me out until something had happened in that room. So I leaned in and gave the mystery woman a kiss, and felt every fiber in my body relax, It was like a burden had been lifted from my shoulders, one that I never knew even existed. I knew something was off, despite the calm that had come over me something inside me knew that something was wrong. I turned the light on and saw her face again, something I haven't seen in a long time. "Ashley?!" Her eyes widened and she immediately pressed a finger to my lips. "Shhhh, if they find out they will tell, and then they will kill us, they can't find out" a protest escaped my lips "but you know the stories, the world will end, chaos, destruction, death, any of that ring a bell?" "Well, the world hasn't ended yet." I thought for a moment... "well, if the world hasn't ended, then I guess I'll have to put this theory to the test, say, tomorrow night at dinner? I know a nice little place that I think you will like..." "I guess I'll see you then lover boy" and she leaned in for one last, long kiss. We exited our respective sides of the closet. That night I laid down in my bed, stars in my eyes, thinking about her beautiful face, her long hair, her lips... I turned on the news and saw massive earthquakes, leading to tsunamis, leading to looting and murder. But I didn't care, I had her. And that's all that mattered 