The dawn of a thousand tremors, The great migration, The search across the stars. 

These were the titles given to the greatest hurdles humanity had faced in the last eon. Our foolish ancestors who basked in the warm sunlight and bountiful lands paid no heed to the obviously limited resources on Earth because they never thought of the future. Those who tried to rouse public awareness were ignored, ridiculed, or even deemed nutjobs. However, their refusal to acknowledge a simple universal truth led them to a disastrous end. By the end of the 22nd century, the unstable climate and severe overpopulation had already done irreparable damage to the environment. Wars broke out over land meant both for living and agriculture. Foolish leaders elected by a foolish population pressed big red buttons across the world, leading to the dawn of a thousand tremors. 

Humanity didn't pick itself back up for nearly 400 years. The resulting EMPs wiped out global communications. The number of nuclear warheads used in one evening destroyed approximately 87% of all inhabitable land, leaving remote islands and desolate mountain ranges as the only place that survivors could settle. What tiny, fractured groups of humans left claimed these lands as their home. It's during this great migration that we evolved beyond petty grievances. Weak emotions such as jealousy were discarded of our own free will. We learned to support one another regardless of appearance. Our only culture was survival and moving forward to a better future. Rebuilding took time, but nowhere near as long as before. Without being so far split and without superstitions and old grudges, humanity rose like a phoenix from its ashes. Soon we began to reverse the damage done to our planet and increased our progress forward by a thousandfold as we ascended past anything our ancestors had even come close to. Once we had thoroughly recovered our lands, charted the depth of our seas, and rebuilt the devastated climate, we looked into space. The ruins of our former satellite system was our greatest challenge as we were forced to develop new gravity manipulating technology in order to even have a chance to escape the giant net of junk metal that surrounded our planet. 

By the time our first set of interplanetary shuttles had been deployed, seven centuries had already passed since the twilight of old humanity. The only thing left now was to search across the stars and trek into the unknown.

*part 2 will be out later, need to eat pizza now*