I finally saw them with my own eyes. My brother with his pale skin, brown hair and open eyes filled with terror. My mom with her black flowing hair and pink skin, her eyes were closed though, she looked peaceful and beautiful... Too bad i did't get to see them for long. I've been waiting for this my whole life, and i finally had the resolve to do it for myself. Seeing nana all those years, I just couldn't wait any longer, I just had to see everyone. I confirmed when i visited their rooms tonight, I **saw** them, sleeping likely dreaming too. I wonder if they were dreaming about me with eyes that can see them? Not that their dreams can compare to me actually seeing them tonight. All I needed was the unwavering resolve to stab them with this knife. I smirked with satisfaction

But where's dad? I couldn't see him in their room. I need to see my old man, that would be amazing! I know, he must be watching late again.

I was right, i could hear noises in the TV area. 18 years of living in this house makes it easier to navigate even if i am blind. I walked towards the TV place and there he was, sitting in the dark. There were no noises now though, He probably turned of the TV.

"Son, why are you awake? Is something wrong?" he asked nevously, as i carefully hide the knife behind my back

"Dad, can you come over here I have something to tell you."  "Ok, be right there" he answered, sounding uneasy still. Does he have an idea of what i'm going to do?

As he approached, I could see it. everything i ever thought he'd look like was nothing compared to what i'm seeing, my favorite person in the world finally more than a voice and a leading hand. I'm also glad to see him standing, the other 2 were lying for the whole time i saw them. At last, my set is complete I thought to myself.

I hugged him when he got to me."Dad... I love you" I whispered as I stabbed him through his stomach. "Son, what are you doing!!! Go and get help now!" he screamed in pain. And just as I was ready to stab him in the chest an earsplitting scream came from the couch. There was someone else there? That's when i realized, the noise wasn't from the TV, it was from someone else talking! I could hear footsteps run out as the door shut behind me. My dad was still on the floor struggling moaning in pain. "We couldn't leave you like that can't we dad?" stabbing his heart. "Thank you for everything"

As I stood up, I notice a man carrying a knife, mimicking me. "So this is how it ends?" I asked the man. "Just so you know, you are really handsome."