Chaplain's Log - 2768.07.08.15.32.12

As the ship approaches the Sepulcher of Creation, the crew has become more restless.  Anxious even.  They are looking forward to seeing the faith-in-flesh that the Voidian's spoke of.  A holiest of holies in space.  I am cautious.  This has been the focus of my devotional time since our mission began 3 years ago.  And, I don't know what to expect when we arrive.  The Voidian we rendezvoused with to correct our course through the Dark Expanse is actually leading us.  I didn't think they did that.  He said it was for the benefit of the common faith.  I am eager to spread the message of Good News with these strangers, and I am very cautious about talk of a single faith.  We tried that on Earth the the Bahai centuries ago.  It did't go so well.  I can see the Voidian our my view port.  He/She/It would be at home in any of our horror movies from centuries past, all tentacles and unreadable features.  But the feeling I get when we converse, as we have at length (see previous log's marked "Discusssions with the Voidian" for more specifics), is not that of an alien mentality.  It's like talking to a monk.  Stoic, reserved, at peace.  

I am very skeptical that this will be a unification of religions. We have seen too many false messiahs on more primitive worlds.  Con-men who twist holiness in to power.  We saw too much of it on earth before we walked in the heavens.  But this Voidian, he believes.  He asked if I had accepted the Son Of God as my savior. It was the first thing he asked me.  At one point I even started a score card to see how the finer points matched up.  It's far closer than it should be, when talking to some one who doesn't know where earth is, let alone our history.  

Chaplain's Log - 2768.07.29.04.57.23

We approach the Sepulcher of Creation.  I have never seen such a sight.  I was expecting a a barren asteroid in a vast ocean of black.  This IS the last moment of creation.  Still alive after the universe was, for lack of different word, created.  The light is spectacular, all around the ship, coming from the massive planet.  We can't tell exactly how big it is, the perspective has been very difficult since entering the Dark Expanse, but it's huge.  Easily larger than Sol, bright in a different way.  This is not a ball of fire in the sky, this is a world of life.  It radiates life!  The Voidian has changed as we grew close as well, gone is the stone grey coloring of a grotesque Gothic statue, it's skin is now a riot of every imaginable color, shifting and swirling and refracting and dancing as we draw near.  I've come to consider this strange alien my friend.  We converse at length, and I cannot consider our faiths to be separate things any more.  I have no doubt that the entity I consider to be Jesus Christ is the same being he refers to as his Savior.  When we pray together, I feel at home.  Like a small boy back in rural Canada, taking communion with the ancient priest of St. Luke's.  But he doesn't take communion, the Voidian.  He finds the idea repugnant.  For more information, see previous logs "Meditation's with a Voidian" parts 3, 6, and 12.  

It should not be long before we arrive.  I cannot wait to see the splendor of the sepulcher.  I have not felt this alive since I took my vows.  I've seen the ships physician, Jeremiah, about it, and I am not alone.  He's examined the rest of the crew, we are all healthier now than we were when we set out.  There is something about this place that is making us whole.  I giggle like a small child all the time, it's like Christmas eve.

Chaplain's Log - 2768.07.30.01.17.03

I am ashamed.

Chaplain's Log - 2768.08.04.23.49.37

I am at peace.  Today.  At last.  I have never wept so freely or so honestly.  I have spent my entire life believing that the purpose of Jesus was to die for our sins.  The sacrifice, that was the point, necessary for our redemption.  

If it was necessary, we are alone in the need.  Our race has the distinction of being the only people in the history of all creation to have murdered the Son of God.  We alone required his crucifixion for our salvation.  This is why my Voidian friend is appalled at my regular communion.  We alone eat the flesh, we alone drink the blood.  Symbols or otherwise.  We alone required the covenant to be renewed.  I am humbled.  I am ashamed.  We, humans, among all God's creation killed him.


Chaplain's Log - 2768.08.05.04.07.29

This space is undefinable.  We are not in the same kind of place we were when my Voidian friend met us for the final part of the journey.  The Sepulcher has a different quality to it, even from the inside of the ship.  I stand before the Congregation of the Universe, with no suit, no gear, and I breath the purest air I have ever had in my body.  But it isn't.  I know it cannot be, because the same air that I breath is also breathed by what must be a nation of beings we have known before.  Who's breath is poison, who breath in acid that our ships cannot contain.  But I walk among them, and breath.  None of us choke or cough. The Sepulcher is a place of all beings. For all who believe.

There is no governance here, not really.  There are leaders from the faiths of a trillion planets, and the converse, and preach, and teach, and are taught.  There are many Voidians.  There are a million kinds of beings. More than a million.  I have a difficult time processing it all.

I am humbled by it all.  I expected so much, so much more magnificence. I did not expect to be made so small.  I have wept every night, for my forgiveness.  For our forgiveness.

My Voidian friend reminds me every morning.  All have sinned, and fallen short of the glory of God.  All who come are welcome.  All are forgiven.

I am forgiven.  I have known this my whole life.  But only now do I know what it means.  I am forgiven.  We are all saved through the mercy of God.

Alleluia.

End Log. 