 "Did you find it? Was it there? Or even at the very end, did it still elude you?"

 A coy smile played on Death's pale face as he rested against the door, arms crossed patiently awaiting for an answer. On his front pocket, a small white clock ticked lazily. The small office echoed with each movement of the small metal hands. 

 "I wonder."

 Life stopped emptying his drawer for a moment as he looked at the familar face at his door. Behind him, he could see the empty hallway, now dimly lit, devoid of it's usual movement. A great number of open doors on both sides led to dark and silent rooms. 

 "Am I the last one?" Life asked in a jovial tone that still betrayed a great deal of built up fatigue. "Guess that explains the personal touch." 

 "I hope im not disturbing, old friend." 

 "Im almost done." Most of the contents of the room were already carefully packaged in an assortment of different boxes all over the room. Some larger than the door, some the size of a thumb. "I got say though, I did not expect to see you here. You always hated the place."

 "It was always so very noisy, but today I find it quite peaceful." Outside, a large shadow started to slowly creep over the sun, turning it's fading yellow into a dark orange and tinting the office in sunset colors. The only sound to disturb the scene was the relentless march of the small white clock. "You did not answer my question." 

 Life finished filling the last box. With a small sigh he closed his empty drawer and gave the old desk one last look. "Im not completely sure my answer will satisfy you. After all, it took me all this time to be satisfied with it." Taking a sit on the edge of the desk he faced Death, his face still showing the ember of determination, which in the past always burned so brightly. "You know we tried many different things during all our time here. Despite of what some of you said in the past, Im proud of all of them regardless."
 
 "So you don't regret giving them the spark? Even knowing that this day would come?"

 "Precisely because this day would come."

 "I guess you are not aware of the increase in work your whims awarded me, or your creations for that matter. I don't see how the chaos bred here served any purpose other than generating redudant suffering for the duration of their short ephemeral existences."   

 Life shook his head as he looked down."You see, this is the conclusion I reached. I am unfit to watch over them."

 "It's a little pointless to quit now."

 "Neither you or me will ever be able to truly understand them. We simply can't. They have long emancipated themselves. I guess it makes it easier to accept what's comming. What I found in the end was such a vast array of unexpected results, so many tortuous paths with no apparent destinations. Dead ends, full circles, convergences. It made no sense. So many contradictions. I was pressured to exerce more control over them. But there was an undeniable beauty to it. Within each one of them you could find entire universes, which clashed with others and created even prettier beings, as they carved their own purpose inside the darkness. The type of thing that me or you could never create." 

 Death stood still for some moments, merely looking at the Sun outside, now almost completely consumed. He looked at his watch and said. "You were right. It did not satisfy me. Time to close down. It is all mine now."

 "For now." Said Life.
 
