As our hero climbed the massive steps of enlightenment and knowledge he looked behind him as he ascended the very most top step at the world as it was. A shiny, pristine paradise filled with the most wondrous things and advanced peoples. It never sat right with him. Since his "awakening" he knew he had one job and one job only. As he muttered to himself "Not on my watch mother fuckers!" he blasted through the doors of the emery hall with his ancient yet somehow futuristic weapons. 

The citizens in their shiny plasmatic suits glanced up from the compendium of infinity. Each gazing at this wild man with a crazed look in his eye and a smirk on his face. As he charged obliterating every single last man,woman and child he shrieked the shriek of the just making his way down the great corrider. The wide windows allowing the natural light to dance off the highly polished walls and floors.

Finally, he stood before the 100 foot high century doors that had not been opened in 1000 years. Making rubble of the artifices he came face to face with the soft glowing eyes of "The one". She looked rather surprised but not at all bothered at this turn of events. In fact her lack of attention was rather off putting  to the man with the guns. 

The man who wore the skin of the world founders on his back. The man who just yesterday had used a humanitarian earth mover to "Move" an entire parade full of people celebrating "United galaxy day". He punched an old woman, stepped on a puppy that to his knowledge was a "Robotic kill-dog" and ruined a childs birthday party by throwing the child along with her presents into a pool. An empty pool. A 17 foot deep empty pool to be precise. 

The man approached the small female figure. Picking her up by her neck he snarled "This isn't my world, DISAPPOINTED!!!" before chucking the feline out the 330 story window down to the ground below. Just then a child who had apparently escaped the carnage appeared and asked one question. "Why?" 

The man turned toward him and simply said one thing. "I hate cats". 