CLUNK.. CLUNK.. CLUNK..

It’d been three hours since Bruce started peering into the high-powered scope through the window of an abandoned apartment building nearly a half-mile from the designated kill spot. According to his intel the target should be showing up any minute now, and this confounded shutter next door won’t stop hammering itself against the wall in the wind, making him want to do the same with his own head. 

Before long a shady figure emerged from the corner of the warehouse, which was completely covered in graffiti, catching his attention. He recognized him as Break’knee Phil, your typical scummy neighborhood druglord and the man who’s supposed to die today. 

Slowly he made his way closer towards Bruce, completely unaware of the danger lurking in the shadows that was getting ready to pounce. He heard a crackle start to come in over his radio “Target Spotted Bruce” followed by a deep sigh, “Im gonna go get em’, over” 
 
“Break a leg Jeff, or both, ha. Over and out.” He said back into it as he moved his crosshairs over to where his assigned Intendee, Jeff, was tucking behind a decommissioned bulldozer that had been vandalized beyond recognition, about forty feet from Phil, mentally going over his brief training to prepare for his Dismissible Intended Murder. Provided by his assigned government Enforcer, or DIME, Bruce. 

Jeff gripped his fingers tightly around the handle of the standard 9mm beretta, temporary issued to those who file a DIM request and get approved. He listened intently as the footsteps echoed and grew nearer, he felt his heartbeat escalate with each step and went over the dialogue he’s wanted to say ever since the night his mother overdosed. 

As soon as he heard the scumbag turn the corner towards him he stepped out with both hands extended, safety off and finger set firmly on the trigger. “Phil!” He yelled out. 

“Hey, hey” Phil stuck his arms out and slowed his pace down to a halt “I don’t know what’s going on man, but I’m telling you, you don’t want to do this.” He said assuredly. 

“I don’t think that’s your line, buddy.” Jeff quipped back confidently with his barrel fixated on the center of Phil’s head, which seemed bizarrely calm. “You’re a piece of shit, I hope you know that, you ruined my life, and I’ve been counting down the seconds until I could pay it back, my mo-“ A loud CRACK interrupted his thoroughly-rehearsed line. 

Everything was going perfectly until he saw Jeff drop to the ground. Bruce’s jaw fell too as he stared in bewilderment and in a split second he heard the cause as the snap of a high-powered rifle shot echoed past him. 

“Dammit.” He muttered under his breath. And with flawless precision he let out a nearly-silent shot straight into the heart of the now ex-druglord, within seconds the rest of his crew poured out into the street, each armed to the teeth with weapons that would be found nowhere else besides the international black market, and each obviously set on finding him. 

This outcome was an exact one Bruce was hired to contain, albeit undesirable, and so he did what he does best. Each perfect shot rang out with a light PING that none of the threats came close to hearing, and each one took a target down. 

“So how was your day at work honey?” 

A couple of quick blinks brought his beautiful wife’s face across the table back into focus and he lightly shook his head before taking a slow and deliberate bite of his steak, “Oh you know, the usual, babe.” 
