"You need to stop putting me in every prompt, man."

"But why? You're an interesting character, much more so than you let people believe." I replied, not even a bit surprised by the fact that the Big Guy himself was in my room. In fact, I was more honored and curious than afraid.

"No, Ryan, that's exactly the point. I'm the stereotypical bad guy. I punish people who do bad shit, I tempted a bunch of dudes and I'm in a perpetual war with God. That's it. There's only so much you can do with that and yet, I'm all over this goddamn subreddit. Just stop." He was sitting in my window, like he was about to leave.

"Or maybe..." He turned to me, while raising an eyebrow. "That's what you want people to think, by only letting them look at the parts of you that contribute to your image. Yes, you rebelled against God and were cast out, but you did so because you stood for something and that's more interesting to us. You desperately want to be a symbol, but let me tell you something: symbols might be inspiring or frightening, but they are not relatable. You are. You are imperfect, but so are we and because of that, you are more like us than you'd like to believe."

The Devil sat down on my bed and sighed with a tired look on his face. "Do you know why you sin?" It was my turn to raise my eyebrow.

"Becuse you hate Him and you want to steer everyone away from Him. I thought that was obvious."

"You sin because I don't want you to care about him, " I nodded. "or me." At this point I was confused.

"But if we don't care about either of you, then what are we supposed to care about?"

"Yourself and the *actual* people that you care about. The ones that you can see and not the ones that you read about in thousand year old books. You are so obsessed with us and the things we said and their implications that you simply forget to spend time with the things that are right in front of you. **You sin, because I want you to live a little every once in a while.** Be curious, be bold, make mistakes. Maybe in a few million years I will go into my final battle against God, but that will never, ever matter to you and it shouldn't. He wants you to be boring. I want you to make something of what you were given. Think about that and take care, Ryan."

As he left, I closed my browser window and just stared for a few minutes. I think I need to make a call.

-

*It would be actually kinda cool to continue with these characters into something*