"And I wouldn't be standing here, speaking to all of you today if I didn't change my mindset" said the world's hottest new motivational speaker. "I've had too many near death experiences to count, but it made me realize life is precious. Time is finite, and it can't be wasted with regrets or what-if questions. Follow that instinct that nudges you to your dreams, even if you think it's impossible. If something frightens you because you don't think you can do it... I challenge you to get an answer."

The audience roars with applause.

"Thank you, thank you! I'll be in Hall G in 15 minutes for the Q&A"

The motivational speaker steps down from the podium and heads into the back stage. He looks in a mirror in the hall on the way to his dressing room. "You fucking killed it" he says to himself.

"Yes... yes you did." an ominous voice declares from behind him.

"Ah, thanks man." The motivational speaker turns around to see who delivered the compliment... and it's Death himself shrouded in a black fog.

"Oh my god.... that's a sick halloween costume, bud."

"It's not a costume. I'm Death."

"Oh, you want one of the production assistants to get you some coffee?"

"No, I am literally Death; and your time is overdue."

&#x200B;

The motivational speaker's face droops with the realization that he's not joking.

&#x200B;

"But... see it's a funny story" Death says as he takes an hourglass out of his tote bag. He brushes the remaining dust off of it. "This guy right here has been hiding under my desk this entire time. You were actually supposed to die back in '91 that time your DD drank too much and lied to you about it. You were going to fly out of the windshield because you didn't have your seat belt on and I would'e scraped you off of the concrete. But my 'alarm' didn't go off about it." 

&#x200B;

The motivational speaker is on the verge of tears.

&#x200B;

"Paul... Paul lied to me? He was intoxicated?"

"Yeah. People suck. But since I didn't see the hourglass, you got to live another day up to now where you have this atrocious three piece suit on."

They both stand in an awkward silence.

"But... yeah, I gotta take you back to the processing office" as Death points up to the sky. "Great speech, though, seriously. Makes me wish I could be alive to feel something ha ha."

The motivational speaker doesn't find the humor in his statement.

Death clears his throat. "Sorry. But chop chop. Sorry to disappoint your fans."

Death touches the speaker, and he evaporates into dust, and a beam of light abducts his soul and shoots him up into the sky.

"Mental note: keep a dark matter Swiffer in the office at all times."