This is my first time posting, so sorry for any mistakes. Any feedback is welcome. And English isn't my mother language, so sorry for any spelling mistakes.

&#x200B;

It happened on accident in Mexico-City, about 6 months ago. The Jäger was terrorizing the city and I, well I just hit him with our tourbus. Might I say it was a total accident, because my brakes where broken and I was trying not to hit the people and well he just stepped on to the street. About a week or two later I hit another super villain called Michaël. Well I say I hit him but that isn’t technically true. The tourbus had broken down and I had gotten out to check the engine and then I just needed to take a quick toilet brake. When I got back from my toilet brake my tourbus was totally ravaged because Michaël had crashed into it while trying to get away from the feds.

Now you might start to think, is this all deliberate or do you just have real bad luck. Killing two of the biggest supper-villains on accident within 2 weeks. Well tbh I still do not know the answer to that question. What I do know is that the feds started looking into me, and they didn’t find much about me.

About two to three months after the last accident something weird happened. Both those super-villains where part of a group, and there leader went to investigate the one responsible for their death. And when he found me, he wanted to kill me and when I wanted to get away from him. I stumbled and took him with me when I fell. Well you might have guested it, but he didn’t survive the fall.

After the news of his death came out, the FBI thought I was one of the newer superhero’s who would be better and stronger that the current ones. Oh boi where they wrong, the superhero’s on the other hand where on the right track. I planned it all out. Like all of it. The broken brakes, well I cut them at the beginning of the street, the parked tourbus. I just happened to hear that he was coming this way and I parked the tourbus in a dangerous corner. And the final one, that did happen to be an accident, boy scout’s honor.

Well the superhero’s did find out about my plans but not before I could deal a devastating punch to both parties. You might ask yourself, why would he do that, the superhero’s have never done him harm. Well I did it because a few years back when both parties collided in a battle near Amsterdam, they killed my family and I wanted revenge. And ohw boy did I get it. But when you are reading this, you already know that it had happened but now you know why it happened….