Baskin Robins. The epitome of cold deliciousness. Every trip to this store is done so with the anticipation of the melting sugar awakening my taste buds. Too bad the line to this place could be a stunt double for the great wall of China. 

Glancing over the person nearest to me, I could see that were at least 50 more people in front of me. What's more is they all seemed to have orders the size of a Harry Potter novel. 

"Ugh, this will never do." I mumbled under my breath.

Placing both hands on my temple's I focused on my surroundings. Shorts arcs of electricity coiled around every person in front of me. Then they were gone. Standing before me was an empty parking lot. The sun beamed down on a nearby newspaper stand with a headline dated 1947.

"Time to get my ice cream." I marched forward my brilliant blue cloak trailing behind me like a wisp of smoke.

I slammed the front doors of the building open with great strength. Maybe it was a little too much strength as they went tumbling across the room with a loud metallic bang. 

"Oops." I said.

Noticing the building was full of stunned workers staring at me in horror, I spoke. "Yes fear me! I will spare your pathetic lives if you simply point me to the CEO's office." I sneered my most menacing sneer.

Seemingly in unison the employees pointed to a room upstairs with two large windows over looking the lobby. A scared looking man saw my gaze meet his and quickly pulled the blinds. A soft click follow as he locked the door. Wasting no time, I leaped to the top of the staircase and melted the door with my laser beam vision.

"No! please don't kill me!" The man was on  his knees pleading for his life.

Using my exceptional telekinetic powers, I levitated the man over to me.

"I'll spare your life under one condition." These words were amplified by my astounding voice powers.

'Y..yes. anything you want."

Grinning madly I whispered into his ear my terms. Moments later, I was standing in line at Baskin Robins once again.

"Pardon me." Someone said to me as I stepped to the front of the line.

I shot him a menacing glance and reached into my wallet. With great pleasure, I shoved the written permit of perpetual line cutting in his face. Signed by the owner of Baskin Robins himself.

"Oh, sorry, go ahead." The man replied.

This ice cream would surely be the greatest ice cream ever consumed. 