The day breaks and the night awakes - another dreaded day slept away. 

The words rang through my interior self providing relief from the reality which woud later crash down upon me as it had those 7,211 days before -though this was not to my knowledge there was a strong reminiscent feeling of Deja-Vu.

I felt a vague familiarity amongst my shaded soroundings but it wasn't until iOS booted up that those beating green digits showed in my periphreal. In this moment it hit me. Why I was doing what I have been. 

Lets start at day 0, the founding moment which led to this amalgam of repeating twenty four hours.

I puttered out my hole of a door into the soppy night listening keenly as each splashing sound passed by. Unaware and uncaring of the eminent future I paused and reached into my pocket searching for a different kind of fix; before the torch hit my bowl I was taken by a force so enticing it would grasp the next 20 years of my life. The question was in my head but the answer was lacking.

To this present day I understand the number - but what unfolds each time that number grows 1 digit larger is ukown and that keeps me coming back. 

What happens next is the void feeling as I refer to it - the moment at which everything is ripped from my perilous mind. A sense so derived of sensibility that there is truly no other definition than void. Time squeeled as it was being taken from the continuum of conciousness. The world blurred into faccading illuminated bricks of multi-dimensional illusions which drew into itsself and back out the other. It was then that instead of going outwards I went inwards. This time a victim to my own deception. My fate rampantly ticked on as I somehow managed to remind myself that this must be the end. Deprevity held on for so long but now I knew my time would end as would the rest of this ceasing frequency of human conciousness and integration. And so I lept in with each rush of emotion freazing as the moment peaked onwards. The pain from every bit of myself being flayed apart by the crossings of reality no longer stung but instead provided gratification as I knew that maybe this time I would understand my future crossings with this forceful entity. 

As if nothing happened I awoke again now on repeat number 1 with so much confusion of what I just experienced that finally a hint of devotion came into my understanding. 

As for the answer...there is not yet one  to where, what, or whom I am. What I can prove and dissprove means little when at the end of it all I can reset and live again as though nothing more than a sense of familiarity and a wicked number is there to guide me. 

And so I rose from my shady crumbling abode, once again ready to tackle the questions of my deceit.