“This is better and easier anyways,” having let a fourteenth patient die on the operating table, John, was fired from the intensive care unit. His work on gun shot victims and stab wounds was always unorthodox, seemed messy, he was always mumbling, and someone always died. They died. They came back. Usually it was goats blood that he sacrificed to Lucifer, sometimes the hawks eye taken for Osiris, then a grab bag of different African gods that were obscure to the layman. Honoring these ancient guardians of death usually saves who ever is dying. The dying didn't know that their soul was promised to the after life of that particular god, but hey, usually people wanted a few more Christmas' with their family. It didn't matter to John that when they died they wouldn't go to the Christian heaven to be with their family, but would instead be sent to a plane of existence with humans who have been dead for tens of thousands of years and don't speak English. But who cares, they get a few more Christmas hams.

“This is better anyways, no fucking with those damn lawyers,” John sat on top of an apartment building with a large vial of salt, a satchel of fresh olives, wine and the customary goats head. 'Always with the fucking goats these fucking gods' he thought in the back of his head'. Finally he had a small caliber hunting riffle equipped with a silencer.

John gazed through his scope looking for that scrawny old, leather skinned man who had spent his life running marathons. Due to a life of pushing his heart to the limit, itg was beginning to give out. He had a long run, but John felt he deserved a few more miles, for whatever reason.  

“Found him,” John watched. He felt odd, with this weapon of death that served only to kill. He had killed before but not with a tool of death such as this. At the clinic it was a nicked artery with a scalpel, or a strangled wind pipe that looked like he was compressing a wound, or his favorite, a capsule of rat poison during CPR. This cold weapon was different. Pure death.

He let the bullet fly and nearly came in his pants, a rush unlike he'd felt when 'accidentally' killing. This was pure. The old man would die. John had to be fast, it didn't take long for the spirit to leave its earthly cask. John had to get to the fifth floor and make a proper offering. 

He quickly, with practiced hands dismantled the gun. Oh how he had practiced, his hands were more steady than during any open heart surgery. The gun packed into his pack pack he burst down the emergency exit to which he cut the alarms.  

With god like exhilaration john smashed the door and exploded out onto the streets, he glanced back. Did he even turn the handle? No, it doesn't matter, the old man is all that matters. With a ski mask on John smashed through the lobby and burnt fire in his heart to sprint up all sets of stairs. He opened the door to the fifth floor.

He could hear each piece of rubber on his boots hit the ground as he walked. He could feel the mechanisms of the door popping as he twisted the handle. Looking at the bleeding man he could see each pore on his paling face. His senses were inhuman.

The olives were put into the old mans hand, and the bottle of wine into the other. John filled the mans mouth with salt and a slice of cheek meat off of the goat. He set the goat head into a sling which he wrapped around the man's neck.

“These will be your payments to Lelwani, the Turkish God of the underworld. Lelwani, this man comes with gifts for your banquet,” A large curvaceous woman in a brown leather dress emerged from a fountain of smoke on the couch. She sat lounging, hand on her hips and the other propping up her chin.

“What beautiful gifts for my banquet, ooooh a runner John! You do know how we like our runners in the Mediterranean! I'd love to keep him”

“He is offering these gifts in lieu of his absence at your banquet in the underworld”

“Oh John, the gifts are nice, but, they loose a certain sentiment after you offer them for a while”

“What are you talking about?”

“He will be mine,” she dragged her finger through the pool of blood welling across the floor, “Mmmmmmm delicious”

“That's not how the law works”

“The law works, How. We. Want. It. To. And I want his soul, John”

“Fuck you,” a certain surge returning to his body he felt when taking the mans life, the same surge when smashing through obstacles to get to his body, the same surge when he prepared and blessed all of the payments for Lelwani, “Fuck you, this one is mine!” John snatched an olive and popped the bottle of wine in an moment, he then took the goat meat and ate it.

“No! This is not how it works John! You are no God, You Are Man!”

“The law works how I want it,” mumbling words and prayers to himself John slit his wrist and poured his own blood into the mans mouth, the salt dissolved by the blood of John rolled down the mans throat. Flesh wove into it self, muscle repaired and regained strength. The mans body was shocked by impact as his soul slammed into him leaving a cloud of dust around John and the old man. Lelwani gone.

“Wha wha wha what happened??” the old man stammered confused looking at the wine and olives and throwing the goat head. 'I'm getting rid of the goat sacrifices from here on out, John pondered a Godly thought  himself'

“You were shot, I saved you, no fucking God was there for you but me. You serve me now”

“But what does this mean?!” Confused and pain stricken, smothered with blood.

“It means, I am your God now, you worship me”