Crimson. Crimson paints the surrounding floor. The light in his eyes begin to flicker as he struggles to regain his stance. With every breath, he shook. With every step, he trembled. 

She sneers, "Is this it? The grandiose Lionheart reduced to nothing in just a few hits! Hah!" 

She barrels towards the staggering knight, throwing her fist into his bare cheek. The knight collides with the wall behind him, slowly slumping as his legs give out. His sword clattering across the room, leaving the knight with nothing left.

"It's too easy! Can you believe I was worried you would be dangerous?!" She struts across the room and kneels down in front of the now barely conscious knight.

"How exactly did you defeat my protege, hmm? You know what? Let's ask him ourselves!"

She turns to me and grins. Her teeth seemed to shine as brilliantly as her gleaming confidence.

"Well, Xiao? How'd you lose to this mutt? How'd he put you in those chains if even I can't beat you? Shit, I'd say I should be the mentor! I mean, if it weren't for me, you'd probably be rotting in a cell already."

She looks back at Lionheart, furrows her brow and spits. 

"Seriously though, how the fuck did this little shit do it, Xiao, huh? It makes zero sense.... Well?"

I did nothing but stare at Lionheart, his chest slowly heaving. I felt something tugging at my insides as Lionheart's eyes met my own. The fire that once blazed brighter than the sun was nothing more than dying cinders. I lean my head back and close my eyes. I remember the fond memories I had shared with Lionheart, our encounters. How, with every clash, my heart had skipped a beat. Yet, as if fate had its own will, denied what I wanted to give to Lionheart: a finality, a last triumph.

"Whatever, I guess I'd be too embarrassed to talk about it either." 

Li walks over and brings her blade down, breaking my chains with ease. She twirls the weapon in her hand before extending it towards me, handle first. She oozes confidence as her smile widens.

"Don't be too spiteful when you stab him now!"

Li grabs my hand and places the blade, wrapping my hand with hers. "There! Let's do this like a real couple, honey!"

As Li moves towards Lionheart, I stood firm. She looses her grip on my hands, causing her to stumble. "Wha-, you there, ya damn air head? Did he really beat you stupid?" She raises a brow and looks at me inquisitively.

I look down at the blade in my hand, wondering if I could do it. Can I really kill Lionheart? After all the years of fighting we went through, after all the nights of passion filled clangs of our swords, could I do it?

"Seriously hun, we don't really have the time to be fucking around. The king's men are probably on their way and we need to hurry this the fuck up." 

Li begins to walk towards the door that leads outside the room, "Finish up, and let's go already."

I slowly raise my gaze, my eyes burning into Li's back.

"Yeah.... I'll end it."

I break into a sudden sprint and plunge the knife into her back. The momentum throws Li off her feet and slams her into the ground. I bring the knife back up and swing it down, over, and over, and over, and over. With every fresh wound, another gashed wide open. 

Crimson. That's all I see and all that covers me. I let the knife clatter to the ground and slowly raise myself, only to slip under the crimson stained floor.

I could hear yelling right outside the other door now, pounding fists that echoed the room. Drained, I start walking towards Lionheart. I stood over him. His chest had stopped moving. I brought myself down and placed his head on my lap, stroking his hair which covered his face.

Crimson. That's all I saw and all that covered him. My vision blurred as I continued to caress him, the blood smearing his face. 

The door gave out and men clad in armor came swarming in, only to stop with utter dread on their faces.

"Seems I'll be joining you soon, Lionheart."

A smile stretched across my face. I felt a sudden pain in my chest. I looked up to see a knight's spear had found its place. 

Crimson. Crimson was all that was left in that room.