I rose up slowy, seeing fient holes of light through the banages. it has been a hour after i woke up and i hear voices around my bed. 

Are you ready to see? a voice ask. I nodded yes, i want to know what shapes look like. To see the world around me instead of just feeling it. To know things from a distance, instead of guessing what i got in the suppermarket!

Alright then,
The Bandages come of layer by layer, each bringing  more clearity and light to my view. as the Bandages came off. 

The room was light. But it only it doesnt burn. i can can see my hands, it feels odd... They used to be my eyes. but now i can see everything without touching.
see further than my hands reach. I can see, I CAN SEE!

Good to see that the operation is at least partialy successful said the man on the right. Now i need to do some tests. 

He holds his finger in the air. 

keep track on my finger he says. Slowy moving it to in circles.
Very good. now can you see whats over there?

Looking at the object i try to describe it how it looks it felt in the past.
4 round pillairs? suporting a flat surace?
Is it a table i asked?
Very good the doctor replied. That is indeed a table.
Now i got to fill in some papiers i will be right back.

i lied down faceing a large paper with icons on the wall
The doctor walked to the other side of the room . As something fell out his pocket.

Wait! i said, You have lost something. as it hit the ground
But my voice softer and from another side. The doctor turned around. He a bit confused.

How did you see that? you wheren't looking. Wherent you?
Isnt it normal to see things behind you?
Not when you face is looking the other side that is. the doctor replied.

Wait dont move your face. How many fingers do you see.
2 i replied. 
 
The doctor looks at me flabbergasted. There is no eye on your back. Yet you see what happening. I need report this intresting development. He exit the exit the room and i start to wonder. Is this a blessing or a curse. In anyway time to see the would from a hole new angle.
