21 April 2070

They say 3rd time is the charm, does the same hold true for 3 lifetimes?

Every time I wake up I'm expecting to be another person. Death just has a way of sneaking up on you. It provokes anxiety, since remembering your own death can be too sobering in a way. It sucks, and I had to do it not just once but twice. I find it so strange that I'm the only human that is able to remember variations of myself.

As it holds true that my old enemy in the French legion seems to forget himself, he never appears the way I want or expect him to. Once he betrayed me and exiled me to that Godforsaken island. The second time I was so focused on watching my back I lost sight of what was in front of me. Both times I held the world at its' throat and both times it slipped through my fingers.

Not this time, this time the Cold Country will be mine. The White Jewel will be the pedestal from which I make my grand return. The first time I was too cocksure, the second too anxious. It seems history has a way of repeating itself, jumping the gun is my biggest failure. 

So I have learnt, good things come to those who wait supposedly. Twice now I've cycled a 129 year period, that's more than two and a half centuries. I think I've been patient enough.

They say 3rd time is the charm, does the same hold true for the annihilation of a country?

After careful analysis I realize that my biggest asset is not just my military mind but my ability to manipulate. So this time I started from the inside. Now here I am the CEO of the biggest Fusion Safety organization in the world. Standing on a mountain of promised global safety. I have shaken the foundations of the Geneva convention and redefined what weapons are. I have removed several countries as a threat through bureaucracy alone. I have proven what weapons of mass destruction are capable of. 

I have shown these people what war would look like if it got out of hand, what they just don't realize is I've been prophesizing their future to them. Every country that has surrendered their Fusion Weapons to me has made me stronger and today I'm finally ready to show these people what it means to be ruled. 

I believe the only reason why I can remember my destiny is because I'm the only one that can succeed in this. Some deity saw it fit to grant me another chance, I will not squander this one.

They say 3rd time is the charm, does the same hold true for 3 billion people?
They say 3rd time is the charm, today France will be the testament to that statement.

