Alex has just landed at a airport after finishing his business trip. Coming out of the terminal, he is confront by two officers. 

Officer: Are you Alex?
Alex: Yes I am.
Officer: Do you know someone name Adam?
Alex: I do. Wait what did he do? Because whatever that man said I don’t know him.
Officer: He’s in prison and he is allowed one visitor and he asked for you.
Alex: Shit…

Alex is taken to the visitor area of the prison and immediately he sees Adam behind the glass booth with telephones on either sides, in a orange jumpsuit with both his hands cuffed. Alex rushed over and proceeds to sit down while grabbing the telephone.

Alex: Sir! What happen! How did you get in here?
Adam: Alex calm down I’m fine. I just got had to exterminate a pest. 
Alex: What do you mean?
Adam: I got stung.
Alex: Wait what? Then how did you end up here? In prison? 
Adam: Oh because I charged up a punch for three days. 

Alex stands up in his chair

Alex: YOU WHAT!
Adam: Damn calm down Alex. You look like a crazy person.

Adam looks to the guards at the exit behind him.

Adam: Sorry about that. He doesn’t know how phones work.

Alex settles down and slides back into his chair

Alex: Why did you charged up a punch for 3 days? You know it's illegal to charge up for more than 10 seconds. 
Adam: Because I couldn’t find the bee that stung me.
Alex: Wait...Bee?
Adam: Yeah and when I was looking for it. All I found was this dead one on the floor. But don’t worry because I was determined-
Alex: Bees die after they sting something, Adam!
Adam: Wait really? Then what bee did I hit with my charged punched in the living room?
Alex: Hold on. Who’s living room did you punch the bee in?
Adam: My living room.

Alex stands up in anger again.

Alex: WE LIVE IN THE SAME APARTMENT!
Adam: Yeah that one.

Alex with a deadpan face, hangs up the phone and walks away from the booth.

Adam: Alex Wait! You gotta get me out of here! The bail is only 100,000 dollars!

Alex walks to the officers from earlier

Officer: If you’re going to bail that man out the bail bond is-
Alex: Sorry I don’t know that man. You got the wrong guy.

Adam with his hands press against the glass of the booth.

Adam: I’m too pretty to be in here!


*writers note* 
 I suck at writing so sorry for any bad grammar :P 