Little People

My father hid a lot from us, and after he passed, two of his secrets came looking for me.

Five days or so after his funeral, I dreamed about his train set - two of the figurines from his diorama to be more precise. My father had two things that I knew he loved: one was drinking, and the other was his basement train diorama. Those were also the reasons my mom claimed she’d left him, but I knew it was more complicated than that. I had been the third and real reason. My dad drank, sure. But he wasn’t a drunk. He was a calm drinker. Mostly. He’d drink and tinker away in the basement on his little world. I guess my mom was annoyed by the drinking, annoyed with his hobby, annoyed with his absence, and annoyed with him. Still, it could have gone on for years like that - it had gone on for years before I was born. But it came to a head when I was around four, and then it all got torn apart.

I had somehow gotten into the basement and started playing with the model city. It had looked like a toy to me - a toy world. I clamored up onto the table and towered over the town like a giant, laughing in amazement at the way the train sped around the track, and as it came close to me, I grabbed it and tried to make it go faster. It flew off of the track and into a row of the perfect little buildings, the railroad cars buckling and folding behind it. In my memory, the tiny toy people, all posed along the miniature Main Street, had scattered the moment before the train had flown off the track - as if they were alive and trying to get out of the way. I had laughed in surprise and wonder, and stepped back, and I felt something soft and slick pop and smear beneath my heal. I slipped, tottered, and toppled backwards onto a row of the perfectly crafted small buildings and a tiny water tower. I heard and felt things crunching beneath me and moisture explode against my back. I remember - though I must have imagined it - a high pitched chorus of tiny screams. But before I had totally processed what I had done, what was happening, I heard a roar, and then I was suddenly, agonizingly flying, yanked up into the air by my right arm.

My memory of the event is spotty. I remember things that couldn’t have happened. But this part happened. I have proof. I remember my dad being huge, terrifying, and of seeing a sudden jumble of images; the miniature town spread out beneath me, the profile of his furious face in my peripheral vision, the harshness of the overhead light, the heel of my shoe kicking the light fixture and leaving a smear of something red on it. The terrible feeling of being pulled apart, the blinding pain in my arm and shoulder, seeing spots of darkness multiplying - passing out.

My mom wouldn’t talk much about it, but my sister did. She had opinions. She said my dad found me playing with his train set and that he broke my arm to teach me a lesson. She said I was lucky I’d gotten away with just a broken arm. A few years earlier the family cat, her cat really, got into the basement, and must have made a mess. She heard our father screaming, and when she ran into the kitchen to see what was going on, she saw him come rushing up from the basement with the limp bloody body of her cat flopping from one white-knuckled hand, and something else cupped tenderly in the other.

“He buried the cat in the backyard,” she said.

She was sure he’d torn the cat into two pieces. Maybe tore off its head, because she saw the mound of dirt where the cat had been buried, and there had been another smaller mound of dirt beside it.

I didn’t totally believe my sister’s story. But I still remember it. The way she’d whispered it confidentially, her face so serious, her dark eyes wide. The way she kept glancing at my curled up arm, and looking away as though embarrassed. I hadn’t been torn in two like the cat. But I had been damaged. I had been broken. He’d been drinking, he claimed he hadn’t meant to grab me so firmly, to yank me away so hard. I had just been so small, so light, so easy to lift up. He hadn’t realized what he was breaking. He was sorry - so sorry. But it had happened. My shoulder had been dislocated, my arm, my dominant arm, had been wrenched from its socket and badly broken. Crippled it turned out. Social workers got involved, my parents separated, my mom got full custody, and everything else she asked for. He got the empty house he’d inherited from his father, and the train set in the basement. He got to keep the perfect little world he loved. The one I had broken.

I have another memory from that time too, of being in a cast - my whole right side hurting - looking down from the second floor landing through the railing, and watching my parents fight. Probably about me. It was the first time I can remember looking down on my dad. My mom had been packing. My dad was crying. He’d been sitting on the sofa with his face in his hands. From my elevated position on the stairwell, he’d looked small and helpless. He looked to me like one of the tiny toy people he’d been so protective of.

That’s really all I remember about that time, my injury, and the divorce.

After a few years I got to see him again. First it was with supervised visits and when I was a little older, it was one on one, or it was him, my sister and me. It was always complicated. It was rarely fun. My arm was damaged. It had been severely dislocated, as well as broken, and there was damage to the nerves and tendons, and I never regained full use of it. My father didn’t deal with the guilt of it well. It hurt him to see me, to see what he’d done in a moment of rage. To see me struggle to open a door, or try to get a lid off of a jar. I’d catch him looking at me with this stricken expression that I couldn’t stand. He’d look like he was about to cry, apologize too often, inevitably pour a drink, and then go into the basement and lock the door behind him. Then, on the few weekends we were supposed to be spending time with him, my sister and I would have to entertain ourselves.

I realize now he was struggling with guilt, maybe his drinking too, but as a kid, it felt like he didn’t like seeing me - like he didn’t love me. He also made me feel like I was handicapped, flawed - which I hated. None of those feelings are conducive to forming a relationship with a parent. We had no relationship really, and when I was 12 or so, and my sister went to college, I stopped seeing my dad entirely. It was easy. I didn’t return a few calls, he gave up, and then seven years flew by.

And then he was gone.

A week later I had the dream. In it, two plastic figures from the train set came to visit me. They stood on the coffee table trying to get my attention, and I - sleeping on the sofa - was at eye level with them. 

They had little paper horns that they had formed out of postage stamps and they were bellowing through them, saying - I think this was the gist of it - that my father’s miniature world was real, and it desperately needed my help. The train had stopped, the sun had been dark for a week, and now an unstoppable creature from the larger world was terrorizing the land. 

I remember staring at them blearily, and falling back asleep. When I awoke the next morning, the figurines from the dream were still there on the coffee table, both laying on their sides. One was a farmer in overalls and a flannel shirt, the other looked like a 1950s milkman; next to them were two stamps they’d been shouting through - both still curled at their edges. I blinked hard a few times, and I laughed nervously, not 100 percent sure I was awake, not really believing they were actually in front of me. 

I had been tangled in a blanket, and laying on my left side with my good arm pinned beneath me, so I clumsily reached for one of the figures with my withered arm and twisted hand. Then I’d felt shock jolt me fully awake, and I jerked my hand back as the tiny plastic milkman sprung suddenly to life. First, grabbing the curled postage stamp by his side, then scrambling to his feet. Standing, he delivered two swift kicks to the side of the plastic farmer still laying down. Then the small standing figure turned to face me, raising the funneled postage stamp to his tiny painted face.

(To be continued - maybe)