Slowly, my brain adjusted to what I was seeing. The portal behind me shrank to a sliver, like a cat's iris thinning against direct light. When it winked out of existence, my world was plunged into darkness.

The lab was dark. Not even the dull red of emergency lighting. I though maybe the portal had caused some kind of interference, but my mind forced itself to remember what I'd seen before the light had died. Bodies. 

No, not just bodies. 

Bones. 

I groped blindly, grasping at what I hoped was the control terminal that was closest to the portal. My hand brushed cold metal, sweeping aside a thin layer of dust. The air was musty and dry. I fumbled my way around the terminal, and using my memory I worked my way towards the exit. My hands brushed at the door, knowing the word "Sorry" was scrawled there, but no longer able to see it. My shoe brushed against something that clattered like a dry bone, but I forced myself to ignore it.

When I opened the door, I had hoped to find light, but it was just as dark as the portal chamber. I kept one hand on the wall to my left, and recited the layout of the lab. I had no illusions of calling out for help. There was no one here.

There hadn't been, for a long time.

I retraced steps that--to my perspective--I had made mere minutes before. I could hear, but not see, the empty corridor and my hand brushed over rooms I knew were full of equipment; power regulators and server hubs for supercomputers that had done the king's portion of the work needed to bridge the gap between one time period and the next. No lights glowed from within.

But my heart leaped when I felt an emergency box on the side of the wall. Something you get so used to ignoring, now so important. It wasn't locked, so I popped the latch and opened the case. Inside was a trio of items; a fire extinguisher, which was meaningless, a First-Aid kit, which might be handy, and--most important of all--a flashlight.

Swallowing a dry throat, I hefted the torch like a baseball bat, giving it a good smack against my palm, the way all humans seem to automatically do when they worry their handheld electronics don't have enough juice. I twisted the cap to tighten the leads against the battery, and the flashlight flickered to life.

I breathed a sigh of relief. The facility had been abandoned a long time, but for the moment it seemed only the electricity and the people had decayed to nothing.

Decayed. I shuddered. What had happened here? I was only supposed to go twelve hours into the future!

With the flashlight in one hand and the First-Aid kit in the other, I made more rapid progress towards the top of the lab. The elevators didn't work, but the doors to the emergency stairs were designed to unlock when the power went out. I didn't see any other bodies, or any sign of anything amiss. It was like... everyone just left. Or maybe they had died at their workstations, like the crew working the time portal, like Carl, and Winthrop, and Jenny-

*Stop*, my mind told itself. *Whatever happened happened and if you break down now, you might never be able to figure this out.*

Right. I tried to put this in the perspective of a time traveler, as well as a scientist. Something had gone wrong. I needed to find out why the facility was abandoned. Once I knew I wasn't in any immediate danger, I could decide what to do to get back *through* the portal. Maybe it was just a matter of flipping the generators back on. I could go back through the portal, back to everyone *alive*.

But... why was everyone dead? What had *happened* to make this future what it was?

I shook my head and continued up the stairs. One step at a time. One problem at a time.

When I reached the top floor I exited into a kitchen. A skeleton was slumped over food that was long rotted away to nothing, though it had left a moldy black stain across most of the table. Nearby, a woman's bones sat in a pile of rotten clothing, in front of an open fridge. Some of the contents inside were still in their plastic tubs, either turned to mold and rotten or desiccated to wrinkled, dry masses.

I didn't trust the taps, even if there was water in the reservoir. I moved on, beyond the kitchen, through dormitories of empty rooms and bones lying in beds, and people collapsed, dead on the floor where they'd been standing or walking.

I was half-way down the corridor when I heard the sound. It was distant, muted, muffled. But I heard a voice. Someone speaking. I couldn't make out the words being said, and even as I cranked my neck to hear, I couldn't determine what direction the sound came from.

"Hello?" I called, not too loudly. I reminded myself that there had been no signs of anyone living in the facility. Not even a rat. The chances that someone or something dangerous might hear me and come running were probably nil.

Probably.

The voice sounds continued for several seconds. I searched the air, calling out with more and more desperation in my voice, until I returned to the kitchen, and heard the sound *descending* back down the stairwell into the darkness.

I froze. Something about the disembodied, incorporeal nature of the sound now had me terrified to follow it. My mind thought of angler fish, drawing prey in with a pretty little light. As absurd as it was to think that the sounds were some kind of trap, the realization that I was very alone and that everything was very, very *wrong* told me that I was better of *not* pursuing every strange occurrence I encountered, especially if it interfered with my original goal: reaching the surface.

I returned to the corridor that I'd first heard the sound, and--with no other sounds making themselves known--found my way to the entrance foyer. I pushed aside barricades and walked through metal detectors without eliciting so much as a *ping* of alarm. Bones in army fatigues lay in silent watch over the main entrance, which I pushed open into an underground garage. 

My car was in the lot, but the battery refused to turn over. After several frustrating minutes, I tossed my keys aside and started up on foot. The parking garage led to a large airplane hangar, one wide enough to hold a 747 and have room for a few houses. 

Now I could see flickers of natural light, coming in through gaps in the walls. A low, ominous wind howled outside, and while part of me hoped it was just the sounds of the desert, the rest of me thought the wind sounded... wrong.

My pace--so quick to escape the facility--slowed to almost nothing. My palms were sweaty against the flashlight and First-Aid kit. 

I didn't want to go outside. Something--be it a primal animal fear or a well-read scientist's propensity for caution--told me that there were worse things than the weather outside that door.

But the part of me that needed to know, needed to *solve* this problem, pushed me onward. I turned off the flash-light, stuffed it in a pocket, and grasped the door handle under a sign marked *Exit.*

I emerged into Armageddon. 

I don't know if I was standing on Earth destroyed, or some twisted alien reflection of it. The base around me had been destroyed, the buildings either torn apart by some unknown force, or left to the entropy of time and weather. The desert around the base was bent and warped, forming hills that had never existed before, mountains that rose to impossible heights, or deep valleys filled with darkness. Dotting the desert were ruins of all kinds; stone monuments, houses, cars, a skyscraper jutting from the sand like the blade of a sword. Sandstorms and tornadoes blasted the ruins, turning the sky to a dirty, dark yellow color. I couldn't see where the sun was through it all, but I had the impression that it wasn't just in one place, but *several*. 

As I watched, the clouds flickered and rippled, and expelled a solid object--a building, sliced in half neatly. I heard only the faintest of screams on the wind as the building crashed into the side of the impossible mountain, dashing itself to pieces that were instantly swept into the hurricane winds. If anyone had been inside, there was no way they could have survived. A second later, and a chunk of the mountain just *vanished*, yanked out of space and time like it had never existed.

The voice sounds called to me again, even over the howl of the wind. I turned to see a warehouse in front of me shift. The color it gave off became more vibrant, as if a giant spotlight were shining down on it. The metal became pristine, the paint fresh and blue. I saw men inside, soldiers in uniform. I ran to them, screaming, but the moment they looked up at me, their faces went white, and the warehouse shifted again. The men vanished. The building returned to its dilapidated state. 

The First-Aid kit fell from my hands, all thought of it long lost. I turned on one foot, trying to take in every impossibility I was seeing, the reality of what had happened... what we'd done.

Maybe I hadn't been flung into some far future. 

Maybe I had been sent twelve hours into the future, just as we'd intended. 

I was the world's first time traveler.

But what did that matter, when we'd broken time to do it?