When people think unicorns, they think cute, cuddly ponies that fart rainbows and shit sparkles. They're stereotyped as majestic creatures that live for nothing more than happiness and well, rainbows. But I know the truth.

My name is Jorgen Wildstalker, fourth of his name, bulwark of the Einherjar, Jotunn-slayer, Valkyrie-friend, emissary of Odin. These days, though, I'm known as George of Cleveland.

Yeah, I'm retired. I think I deserve a little respite after a couple hundred years in service to my liege Odin. And what better place than quiet Cleveland, Ohio. The weather is alright, the rock and roll hall of fame's here, and a certain basketball team, though since Lebron left, it's been dark days.

Anyways, I digress. Jul is right around the corner and when I asked my daughter Alissa what she wanted, she exclaimed, "UNICORN!" My wife Debby, of course, rolled her eyes and laughed it off, but I remained stone-faced. I'll admit that I've spoiled my daughter rotten. But when I look into her sparkling blue eyes and bright, full smile, I can never help but say yes. 

"Georgie, you can't be serious," my beloved wife frowned.

I locked eyes with her and only nodded.

The way that she defiantly put her hands on her hips reminded me of why I married her.

"Georgie, the last time you went on a hunt, you were gone for a whole month! Christmas is in 18 days! No, you can't go."

"It'll only be a week. Trust me, Deb. I've trapped unicorns before, I can do it again," I reasoned as I unhooked my trusty crossbow *Jeanine* off the wall.

"Oh, Papa! You're going to bring *Jeanine* this time?!" Alissa squealed.

Debby stood up. "No, I need you. Who's going to shovel the snow? We're going to get at least 8 inches tomorrow!"

I knelt and stroked my wife's cheek with my thumb. "Don't worry. Just call the Petersons like you did last time. You know they only need the slightest excuse to break out their truck. They love it. And Debby, I told you I've trapped unicorns before. I won't be gone longer than a week, I promise."

"Mama, please let him go!" Alissa pleaded. She widened her eyes and puffed out her lower lip. "Pretty please? Unicorns are so cute!"

Debby frowned and crossed her arms. She looked at me then over to Alissa, then back to me. Sighing, she brought her palm to her forehead. "You two are unbelievable." Debby then pointed at me. "Especially you—filling Alissa's head full of stories of Asgard and Odin and the like. Their affairs are not ours to deal with. Especially not you—at least not any more."

"Thanks, hun!" I smiled as I kissed my lovely wife's forehead. "I'll take that as a yes."

Debby rolled her eyes.

"Listen," I whispered so that Alissa couldn't hear. "Every kid needs a little fantasy in their life to keep their minds bright; so that they aren't jaded when they grow up. You know that as well as I do."

I put my hands on her shoulders as she sighed.

"Like I said, I'll only be gone a week, and then I'll be back with a unicorn," I reiterated, loud enough for Alissa to hear.

Debby nodded. "Okay, fine. A week, hun. No more."

"Oh yay!" Alissa screamed as she ran over and pulled my pant leg. "Please take pictures too!"

"Don't worry, kiddo. I will," I responded, glancing at my wife to see her looking at me with resigned eyes.

I really did expect this trapping trip to only take a week. I wasn't lying when I said that I trapped unicorns before. But unfortunately, something changed since the last time I'd been in the game. This time, things wouldn't be all sparkles and rainbows.

&#x200B;