First exam. Calculus. Urgh.

I look at my watch, 8:54am, only 6 minutes until I can start the exam. Only 3 hours and 6 minutes until I can leave. 3 hours and 14 minutes until I'm on the bus. 4 hours and 2 minutes until I get home. 4 hours and 4 minutes until I'm in the game again.

I don't want to call it an addiction, but I need to play it. It's the only place that makes sense; the only place where I have friends, a life, fun; the only place where I'm not some nerdy outcast. One of my classmates gives me a thumbs up and a crooked smile, he's obviously mocking me. I look away from him, but here in the gymnasium there's only more of them surrounding me. I feel like I need to get out, so I focus on my exam instead. If I can just last these 2 weeks, I can get back into the game and spend my holidays there. Screw parties or vacations, the virtual world gives me more than real life ever could.

The bell rings.

"You have three hours to complete the exam. More paper will be provided if required. If you need to use the bathroom, please raise your hand and an assistant will escort you there and back. Anyone caught cheating will be expelled. You may now begin the exam."

Right, time to get this over with! MY pen flies across the paper, turning arcane mathematical symbols into answers. The knowledge from my head easily translates down on to the page. I might be an outcast nerd, but at least I'm smart. Thinking is hard work though, the sweat beads down my forehead. I realise I'm thirsty. I put my hand up and an assistant walks over.

"Honey, it's time to log off and go to bed," the slim young 20 year old says in my mother's voice.

What?

"I said, it's time to go to bed sweety. You've got an exam in the morning."

"User disconnect," I say quietly.

The goggles in front of my eyes go dark as I lift them from my head. *Disconnected* is the lone word displayed on my old monitor. I sit back in my chair, waiting to get used to my environment. My room surrounds me, fading posters of my favourite games hanging limply on the walls. My mum is standing in the open doorwar, smiling weakly at me. "I love you," she says. "Now get some sleep." I sigh, nod, and stand, making my way to my old, creaky bed. "I love you too, mom."

I was more tired than I thought, I had been playing that game too long, all Sunday in fact. As I struggle to keep my eyes open they rest on the poster of High School Reunion Deluxe 3. If only I could swap my real life for the one I've built there, then I would be happy.