:strong language warning:

You know that feeling of when you sleep on your arm an you wake up to tingles. Imagine that but all over your entire goddamned body. That's how I woke up. 
Yea so it wasn't my greatest moment to be fair. Damn mop bucket rolled because of the slight angle by those stupid crypto vats. Ended up tripping over it and falling head first into the damn thing. Frozen upside down in a damn cryo chamber. . That has to be a new one. Or likely a last one considering. 

I wake up all tingles.. bad. Realize I cant piss, because apparently the liquid in your bladder takes longer to thaw than your blood.. worse.

 I mean it wasn't like I was drinking anything while in the chamber but I had been holding a pouch of frozen piss 2000 years! 

That was how the alien found me. 
Stood over a urinal massaging my sides trying to coax a bit of frozen pee out of my dick. 

I later found out the Supers had been aware of the whole "me falling head first into the cryo chamber" thing. They thought it was great fun, planned to unfreeze me on Friday of the week. Let me enjoy not having to work, the rest of my week. Seeing I had been the first human trial for the cryo vats. Fun times. 
The Gortuk had landed in peace that Thursday. It only took 23 hours for the entire planet to die from the virus. Same way we killed the native Americans.. that seems kind of fitting karmaticly? 

Where was I? Oh yes, massaging my sides trying to coax out some piss from my thawing genitals. That is where the Gortuk found me. Turns out the knob had spun to 2000 years. They picked up on the global array a heat signature from the lab. Sent a scout to investigate.. filler really. 

The real story is the level of awkwardness of making introductions with an alien species, while trying to piss frozen chunks of urine. I was grunting and sweating for the first time in 2000 years. Trying not to let him get a peak while also trying to comprehend what was going on. 

You ever meet an alien face to face? I mean.. not that anyone but me will ever see this recording but it is a moment that requires your full attention. My first meeting with a three headed green skinned Gortuk named M'ick, did not actually get my full attention. 

He waited bless his blue blood pumping heart. I held up a finger an snarled that I'd deal with him in a moment. An fuck me if he didnt sit there with his four hands clasped awkwardly all three heads trying hard to stare at anything but me grunting and sweating. 

I finally got some relief at the urinal and then the shit kind of hit the fan. See the Gortuk are ..well reptiles. They had no idea what to expect from me. They had landed shook a couple hands and everybody just started dropping. So M'ick was wearing some ridiculous getup that I thought was just the way they dressed. Turned out it was for my safety. Seeing as he might carry a virus that had wiped out all of humanity. 

Didnt know it was a ..I think the term is hazmat suit? Until much later. Besides the point. 

M'ick, who I might add speaks perfect English. Starts explaining to me what has happened. I handled it about as well as you'd expect. 

Complete and utter joy. . . My ex wife was gone, had been for 2000 years. Seriously fuck man.. like besides the whole frozen piss it was kind of worth it. I mean ya last man on earth la de dah.. but fuck we would of done that ourselves anyways. 

So maybe I handled it better than most. 

M'ick explains his commander wants to meet with me. So we go outside an he convinces me to get on his weird ass motorcycle airplane thing. Which flies like mach 10 or some shit, I dont know I'm a fucking janitor. 
We blitz it to some base that looks like it might have been Paris at one point? Then I talk to some more of the Gortuk, explain what happened and they set me right back on the damn rocket bike an off we go to another base and then another. 

I stop caring about telling my story after like the third base. So M'ick takes over and we still end up going to like four more bases, until finally we land at this big ass base with like a giant ass ship in the centre of it. Turns out from what M'ick tells me, the big ass ship is the one they fled their home planet in. This was the landing point where they arrived on earth. They could never bother to leave again but seeing as all of us humans were dead. Seemed like a waste to leave a habitable planet. So they slowly took over. Laying eggs and building bases. 

Great story I suppose, just wasn't sure why the hell they kept dragging me around to all these places, why I was worth the effort? 

Oh before I forget, M'ick, huge family guy fan. Apparently they kept a bunch of our tech and shit. Learned our languages from our books and TV shows and movies. Basically to pay hommage to the people who gave their lives so the Gortuk could have a home. Kind of like a white guilt kind of thing if you ask me.. but it was nice to have common ground with a weird three headed alien. 

We landed the stupid rocket bike by this big ass space ship. An M'ick an the other aliens on base usher me into the ships interior. An when I say big ass ship, like we are talking big enough you could fit a few skyscrapers in this thing stacked on top of each other. Big ass fucking ship. 

 I'm brought before this Gortuk in robes, over top of his hazmat suit, an he is like "Hey I'm the boss dude" or whatever. An I'm like "Cool Bro". An then they drop the whole "since you are a super soldier, we need your help when the enemy lands!" fuck up.  

Spend like three hours explaining to the boss man ..fuck.. um.. Jaz.. Gaz.. Razgur! Razgur is the guys name! I spend like 3 hours explaining to Razgur that I'm a fucking janitor. That I'm not a super soldier, I was just an unlucky guy who fell in the cryo chamber. An he keeps telling me I'm wrong and I must be mistaken, an I keep like shouting at him that he should be able to process what I'm telling him, seeing he has three fucking heads compared to my one!

An then M'ick is like "hey that isn't cool, this is our leader, you should be nice!" An I'm like "you killed every fucking human on the planet! I should probably stab all of you with a rusty spoon!" And they all thought that was hilarious.. because they really fucking love human comedy's.

I think the only reason I didnt get like shot into space, is because according to most of our TV shows and movies.. we were kind of dicks who shouted and threatened each other but solved problems in the nick of time, everytime. 

So they finally started taking my word for the whole janitor thing. But they still feel the need to explain the whole issue even though I'm not a super soldier. Whatever, not like there is anything else to do, except, what? reruns apparently?

So they tell me these bad aliens, that took their home planet. Have come to finish the job in their big ass ship. An they will be on earth soon. An they are talking about how the ground combat was where I was needed and if I had gun training an I'm just like "no no no no fuck you all" an I have this stroke of pure unaltered genius. 

I'm like "they got one ship right?" An Razgur is like "yup a big one" an I'm like "cant you just blow it up before it lands?" An M'ick is like "we are peaceful, we dont have big weapons like you humans did!" An I'm like .. "fuuuuuucccccckkkkkkkk" cause to be fair..  the fuck man? 

The whole situation was like a complete shit show. Like honest to god they all be dead if the timer hadn't gone off in that fucking cryo vat. 
I'm like "so ya got no guns an wouldn't know what to do with em if ya did?" An they are "blahs blahs blahs pacifists!" An I'm like "so I was supposed to do this alone?" An they kind of just shrug.. 

Like the boys watched to much goddamned Rambo .. clearly. 

That's when i have my stroke of genius. I'm like "can we just send this big ass ship up an smash it into their big ass ship an call it a fucking day?" An they are all like "fuck! That wouldn't be very pacifist of us." So I'm like "fuck it, I'll steer the thing if ya scoot me out on one of them rocket bikes after I line it up?" 
An they are like "uhhh yea that works for us!" 

So that is what we did.. I mean fuck me what a day that was. 

Frozen like 5am on a Wednesday and wake up 2000 years later with frozen piss and still have to save the goddamn planet before I can relax an watch tv.
Thank god the three heads in the lab came up with a cure for the virus before I got back from blowing up the baddies. Otherwise I probably wouldn't of lived to see the newest episode of family guy.. came out last Thursday. Well the last human Thursday.

------
Had an idea of how I wanted to write it, an just rolled with it. Hope you guys like it.