Most take time to find what it is they are most passionate about, most take take time to grow into that passion and make it tangible. Not me. From a very early age, I grew into it naturally. My passion was music. At the age of 7 I wrote my first song, while simple and rough, it came from the heart. At the age of ten I joined my first band, where my strings and voice could be heard to the public for the first time. Albeit on an infinitesimal scale. In my early adulthood I misunderstood my passion for a fleeting idea and joined the Air Force. Due to physical complications I was discharged. When I returned to civilian life I did what was the norm for my age, I attended university. Over the course of a couple years however, I came to realize academia was not my jive. In that moment I realized I had only one calling; music.

	
After that point my career took off quickly, to the point where it seemed like a dream. I defined a genre, some would even say I created my own. My voice represented my soul that touched the population on an international scale. Soon fame became a great importance in my life but, never diluted the power of my art. This ultimately separated me from the other artists in the music industry and made me a legend. Through this emergence came a great monetary gain and like most people, I succumbed to greed. Knuckled under the endless possibilities of wealth, I pursued even more riches by any means possible, one method including ignoring mandated taxes issued by the government. I did pioneer Outlaw Country, after all.

While this was all fine and dandy for a couple of decades, the man caught up with me. He seized all of my assets and I was left with nothing. Backed against a wall, 
trouble looming in a cloud of sorrow I had to come up with a solution, something that would make it all right. As fate would have it, it was my passion and the fans who were married to it, would save me. I released an album titled 'The IRS Tapes: Who'll Buy My Memories' that would eventually pay off all my debt to the IRS and ultimately help me dodge time inside. It was through this time that I learned the only things in life that are certain are death and taxes.