 I walk close to the fallen lord, his large frame eclipses the cavern as he plays a sad tune to himself. Reaching his blacken throne, I take a seat on the basalt steps that had lead me the long journey up from the pit I had awoken in.

 Noticing my presence at his feet, the giant figure stops his melody to lean towards the spec who dared to approach. "Why, fresh dead, does thou choose to hither my empty hall," the beast speaks, "when heaven is open to thee?"

 An expression of woe crosses my face as I lower my head into my hands. "I do not deserve Heaven, not after what I've done in life." Tears that freeze in the chill of the dead lands began to fall from my closed eyes, creating small mirrors on the dark stones that reflect my guilt.

 This intrigues the Unholy Martyr, which his curiosity causes him to stroke his twirled beard. "Ye who sinned, what brought thee to such shame?" His breath beats down on my back such as a winter storm's wind.

 Chattering teeth with choked back tears, I stammer back, "After what I did, I can't allow myself to enjoy heaven, I just can't!" I turn myself to face him, cheeks cold and wet, "I mained Riven in League of Legends!"

 This causes him shock, which quickly turns to rage. The frozen lands rumble and start to burn as magma and cracks form on the floor and walls, bringing the depths to immeasurable heat.

 Fear overwhelms me as the eternal lord began to arise. His clenched fist is brought in front of me, and his finger unfurls to point at me as his voice thunders and shakes my body.

 "YOU HAVE RESTORED TO ME A PURPOSE FOR THE REMAINDER OF TIME" His tone and mannerism growing ever more furious. "YOU SHALL BE TORTURED IN THE DEEPEST REALMS, NOT EVEN GOD WILL FORGIVE SUCH A CRIME"

 I attempt to run, but I stumble down the crumbling stairs. Instead of hitting the stones, the ground splits, swallowing me and enveloping me in blazing heat and darkness.

 The last thing I see before the punishment I must endure is Lucifer staring down from the thinning crevasse.

 There is no break in his anger.

 There is no forgiveness for me.

 Suddenly, the darkness gives birth to a blue light, and I scream as I understand what is happening. Once again breaking into tears, a voice from in my head calmly states

 "Welcome, to Twisted Treeline."