Ragnok awoke gasping for breath expelling a mound of dust from his lungs. Wrenching his torso forward he sat up and looked around the dark hole in which he laid, the smell of mold and decay filling his nostrils with a musty funk. "Where am I?" he mumbled to himself. "How did I get here?". He looked around as his eyes adjusted to the darkness to see emptiness within the chamber. A few urns and casks on the wall and a few statues to keep him company. His eyes were drawn to one particular statue which lorded behind him with a presence and power preserved in it, an inscription at it's base, unreadable in the dark. Still there was something familiar about the titan. Something in the recesses of Ragnok's mind stirred, but was pushed away as he stood letting a mighty crack from his stiff joints as he stretched. He made his way towards the sliver of light, spilling in from the adjoining chamber.

With a push he was able to open the door. Shielding his eyes, he turned his head away back towards the void from which he emerged. "Catacombs? What happened to me!?" Ragnok sauntered forward into the light, he closed his eyes and basked in the refreshing warmth as it washed over him. In front of him a barn in ruin. It looked abandoned for many years. All around him, Desolation. As far as the eye could see. He walked foward along the path searching desperately for any clue as to where he was and what happened. A sentry tower in ruin to his left, indistinguishable remains to his right. The once lush river valley which he used to frequent to the cheers and reverence of the people he once protected were now ashen and barren. He ran as best as he could in his weary form toward the road and made his way east.

Finally he came upon something, "It can't be!" he whispered. It sat ablaze under siege of hordes of undead, bandits and cutthroats alike. He charged and began to cut down one after the other, regaining his strengths as he did until finally he managed to chase the remaining fiends off. It was a sign on the inn that dropped him to his knees and caused him to weep. Sentinel Hill. "It couldn't be! What happened here!?" 

He ran to the crumbling tower where a man and woman in armor kneel exhausted. "What happened!? Where are the workers carrying wood? Where are the caravans!? Where are the children of the innkeeper!?" The soldiers pulled themselves to their feet and examined him quizzically. They had gotten word that no reinforcements would be coming. Yet this warrior who came seemingly out of nowhere, was able to cut down the horde with ease. He looked so familiar, but that might have just been from the exhaustion, and the elation of knowing that they were safe for now. "What happened.........?" the General spoke. "Ever since he disappeared, chaos and death have reigned over us." "He?" Asked Ragnok. "Who?" "The legendary warrior, everyone knew of him. He was the arbiter of peace in the realm. All who opposed him were slain, all who needed him were saved. Then one day, he just disappeared. The King sent emissary after emissary, scout after scout. They all came back with nothing." "That's when the evil came. It poisoned everything it touched. We've so far been powerless to stop it, only delaying the inevitable holding onto what little hope we have."

Ragnok looked deeply into the eyes of the Commanders. They were so tired. Lasting to the next day was all they were concerned with now. He turned as this all rolled around in his head, seeing a young woman, just a girl even, riding a proud gilded chestnut brown steed. "Hmm," he thought, "You used to have to be much older and experienced to ride a mount....."


- my first ever. thanks for reading.

-TheWingus