It smells like rotten oranges and the goldfish at my bedside is staring at me. A fat man I don’t recognize is asleep in the chair by the television. Someone has mute the volume, but I pretend the cartoon images broadcast are more invigorating, more worthy of my attention than the man speaking to me now.

He tells me he is a nurse, and I’ve been in a coma for three weeks. “It’s okay to be disoriented,” he says.

Given all I’ve been through, “the healing process is going to take a little time.”

He says I can’t speak because my jaw has been wired shut. My jaw has been wired shut because it was broken in the crash.

What crash?

“You should rest.”

I want to ask Gabriel about the goldfish. I thought all the goldfish had gone extinct. But the nurse is already gone.  He never acknowledges the man sleeping in the chair. I don’t look but I can feel the goldfish still staring at me. 

Let me tell you what I remember:

1. Disbelief. 

2. Numbers. 

3. Bright, blinding lights. 

4. Euphoria.

 5. Darkness.

The numbers had been the right numbers, whatever that means.

What were they?

I concentrate, willing them out of the blackness. 

I can’t remember my name, but soon I remember the numbers. 

I need to write those numbers down. This is the most important thing.

There is a notepad and pencil next to the goldfish.

I write six values on the paper.

“Kat.”

The fat man is awake. 

“Kat! We’ve all-,” this man is crying. He wipes away tears. “Kat, we’ve all missed you so much. We were so worried.”

He takes my hands in his. 

“Did you dream Kat? What do you remember? Anything?”

I nod my head toward the table. I want him to see the paper. I must show him the numbers. He needs to see.

“Kat? What’s the matter?” 

The fat man is confused. How does he not see the paper? I take the notepad from the bedside table and thrust it in his hands.

“What’s this?” he says. “I don’t understand.”

I sit up straight and grab him by the collar. 

“Listen!” I want to say, “Take those numbers! Take them and--!”

But I can’t speak, and suddenly I feel tired, as if my soul has been weighed down and abruptly chained to heavy boulders. I hear the faint cries of the fat man as darkness takes me: 

“Nurse! Help, please! Nurse!”

I dream I am in a vast ocean, scuba diving through a giant reef. I chase after a manta ray, but I can’t swim fast enough to keep up.  As I rest, I notice a large shadow looming over me. 

A goldfish the size of an elephant is with me in the shallows. 

What do you want?

“Numbers,” the goldfish says to me. “Don’t you know about the numbers?”

I wake up in a different room. Familiar, somehow. But not the hospital. 

The television is on here, too.  

It's the evening news:

“Local nurse Gabriel Gomez celebrates his big win with his family tonight. When asked by local reporters and media outlets, Mr. Gomez said the inspiration for the combination that ultimately won him the twenty million dollar lotto jackpot came to him- in a dream.”
