The worst part about aging slower than everyone else was definitely the age restrictions. Chewing on the end of a cigarette, clenched between my teeth, I stared out the window into the whirring heart of the city outside. I lit it with a flick of the lighter I kept in my pocket, and idly wondered exactly when the CPS would arrive for my ticket out of the shithole living arrangements I'd been booked in this time.


It wasn't quick enough, but it was less than an hour, when the car arrived, and the social workers slipped out to look for me. I could've run. I'd run in the past, but at the tender age of 13, I didn't give enough of a shit to try and pass myself off as anything other than the bitter asshole I'd been since then onset of puberty.


"There you are," The social worker said. Jeff was his name. I instantly remembered him as being one of the few people who treated me the way I treated everyone else. It made me like him for it, stupidly enough, and I shot him a cheeky grin.


"Late for my blood donation, aren't I?" I asked, stepping towards him.


"Late for your therapist, you little shit," Jeff replied, pointing at the car. "We'll talk about getting your payment later."


The therapist, huh? I could've sworn the old bastard had died last I checked, but I supposed I could've just been having a good dream for once. 


I slid into the car and drug my damp fingers against the glass and watched how my breath and the smoke tainted the company car.


"Why'd you do a runner this time, kid?"


"I'm 54, you fucking idiot. I'm sick and fucking tired of people talking down to me."


"So you'll just keep running?" Jeff asked. "Smoking? In the car?"


"Give me a goddamned job, Jeff. Give me something solid for once. Something I can grip my hands around, and then we'll see if I stay at another of your fucking homes designed for me."


"Not my homes, no," Jeff replied, flat. "But I think we've finally got something figured out for you."


"Better than giving blood and chunks of liver, then?" I asked, fixing him with all the indignation I could muster out of a 13 year old frame. 


"Better than that," Jeff grinned. "What do you think about the weird, little man?"


Little man was better than little boy, but I still wanted to drive my fist through his smug glasses.


"I'm a living embodiment of it, what do you think I think about it?!" I hissed.


"Calm down. You'll ruin your interview."


"Interview?" I drawled, taking another drag off of the burning cigarette.


"We got a position for reaching out and handling the weird open. Somehow, I think you'll fit right in, Little Man."


The city whirred by as the car started moving, and the cigarette sputtered out.
-------

https://www.reddit.com/r/Zubergoodstories/ For more like this, head here!

Comment and stuff, you lovely people.