I wasn't sure how I would keep her away anymore. It seemed that the more I knew where she was, the harder she was to avoid.
	
Today, she was getting lunch with a few of her friends at Pasciatta's around noon. This would normally work to my advantage, as I would know to simply avoid going there around lunch time, but today it worked against me. How? Well, I had agreed to meet my own friends there at the same time.

You see, I have this online Dungeons and Dragons group that I play with every Wednesday night. This past session, we realized we all lived near the same city, either in the city or in the suburbs. We've been playing our campaign for several months at this point, and all like each other a fair bit, thus when we came to this realization on Wednesday, we decided to all meet up somewhere for lunch this Saturday, and I suggested Pasciatta's, a local Italian restaurant in the city.
	The next morning, I got a text from Melissa, a friend of the girl I'm avoiding that's been helping me keep track of where the girl will be. Melissa texted me Thursday morning about an hour after I arrived at work and gave me an update that kept me on the anxious side for the remainder of the work day: Nicole was going to be at Pasciatta's for lunch on Saturday.

Nicole is the girl I'm avoiding. When I meet her, supposedly the world will end. I'm not sure where I first heard the premise, but it convinced me at the time and I'm better safe than sorry. She lives in a suburb on the other side of the city, which helps, but we both work in the city, which makes things a bit more difficult.

Well, it was Saturday, the day of Pasciatta's. 11:32 I was rolling out of my front door, driving to the restaurant. I wasn't sure what I was going to do to avoid Nicole. Pasciatta's is a small restaurant, and not a very popular one either. How could I avoid meeting her there?

When I rushed in, it was 12:08. My entire group had arrived before me: Sean, Ryan, Courtney, and Shirleyann. I sat down with them, alone in the dining area except for one soul: Melissa, spotting for me. 

As I sat down, everyone greeted me with a kindly "Finally!" As I sat down, Ryan leaned over to me and said something to me as I felt my phone buzz in my pocket.

"Dude you should have been here earlier, Shirleyann is her middle name. Her name's Nikky." Shit.

I looked at my phone to see a two missed calls and ten unread messages from Melissa. I opened the messages and saw a few that catch my attention:

"She's here, currently by herself at a group table." at 11:57

"She's sitting with a group now, but there's one empty seat for some reason." at 12:00

"OMG don't come in here, I think that might be your D&D group." at 12:04.

"That's definitely your D&D group, make an excuse and go home." at 12:06.

She was here. What was I going to do?

"Hey, Eric!" Nikky said to me.

"Oh, hey," I stuttered.

"Is something wrong, man?" asked Courtney.

"Oh, no, I'm fine," I lied.

We sat there and everyone talked about how nice it was to finally meet in person. Everytime they brought the conversation to me, I would just mumble "Yeah" and go back to text Melissa as we tried to figure out what to do. So far, we had no ideas. 

Nikky tried to bring me into the conversation most, always asking "Right, Eric?" It was infuriating at the very least, as she was my favorite in our group online. Now I had to avoid her? I was planning on asking her to meet up with me for a date next week! I felt so trapped and let down by the world. Then it hit me.

This whole time, I've kept to myself, all alone. Now it was time to let that end. I felt so at ease talking to Nikky at Pasciatta's. My world was ending, but ours was just beginning.