"Duck!"

"Wha -" a hand planted firmly on my head and shoved me down. A slight breeze stirred my slicked back hair. Some commotion happened somewhere around me, and I was covered in a warm spray. Severely disoriented and nursing a powerful pain in my left knee, I started to speak. 

"Whe -" a gloved hand clapped over my mouth. It smelled faintly of decay, though through a layer of pleasant detergent. Tide, I think, same stuff my grandmother used. Memories began to come back: the pavement, losing control, tilting hard to the left. My knee flared again at the thought.

"The quieter you stay, the more likely they'll all wipe each other out. That'll make my job a lot easier." Still confused I looked around for the first time.

A mile away across a flat, barren plain, a mountain rose craggily into the sky. Dry, cracked earth extended from my feet to where clouds obscured the peak of the mountain. Where the sky was visible, it was jet black, with no stars shining through. And there was me. Not just one me, though, thousands of me. Some lie dead or dying on the scorched dirt, others locked in fierce combat. Some rode creatures from another world, a few were on motorcycles using skulls of my dead selves as morning stars to cleave the slower weak ones. One rode a knight from a game of chess and crushed a group that thought to team up against a seven foot tall, grotesque giant with my face. Behind me, and endless oceans black as the sky. Quieter, the voice continued, removing the hand.

"No this is not heaven or hell. Yes, you are dead. No I'm not the devil, you'd be so lucky. I'm death. Oh, and it's not purgatory, either. Lots of Catholics lately, I'm not sure why." I had questions for each of these answers, but I was too stunned to speak. "This is the final judgment. Every skill you worked towards, everything you treasured is represented here physically. It's a battle royale for eternity. See all these barbarians out here? They're different iterations of you. You're just the lucky one I'm here to help." Slowly coming to my senses, my first question.

"Why me?" I asked. I hadn't done much, I loved to ride, though.

"Don't feel too special. I've got about a 12% success rate out here." He caught my offended stare. "Hey man, don't shoot the messenger, I'm the only one you've got. You're a pretty shitty person, all things considered. If you think hard, you'll know why you were chosen." 

I thought hard. The kid in the road, I was going too fast. I swerved to miss him, saving his life for sure. "You mean to tell me I'm the only one that did anything for anyone? In any universe?" The thought was rather humbling.

"Yessiree, that appears to be the case. But we can talk about that later, the strongest are starting to emerge." I could see the mountain growing closer, but the land was shrinking between, swallowing the defeated. 

"You see that pass on the mountain?" He gestured to a minute trail which was marked pitifully leading up into the clouds. "That's where we have to go, but only when you're the last one standing. 'Broad is the way that leads to destruction, but narrow is the path to eternal life'. Not a lie, in the strictest sense, but it was much more literal than most thought.

It seemed impossible. But what had I accomplished? Remembering my thousands of hours on the road, the trophies and awards, and seeing the awful handling of the other motorcyclists, felt a surge of determination. I could do this. I turned and looked at the giant figure next to me, decked out in full motorcycle gear. We could do this.

"I know I'm better than these guys out here, so where's my bike?"

Death smiled. "I thought we could take mine." He stepped aside revealing a massive motorcycle with the words "The Scythe etched in the side. I grinned.

"Let's ride."