I stood quietly behind her, the shadows playing across her hair. The refracting light danced an eery waltz upon her face as she stared out over the waterfront with heavy lidded eyes. And she did it again.
An energy tugged at me, drawing me with an incredible force toward her, pulling me closer. 
This one.
I had felt the pull of a soul many times. Small buffets as they call out for relief, but those are momentary blips. 
This one... something was different.
-I wish I didn't exist.-
The pain in that thought was almost palpable.
I felt a twinge, a telltale bend to the shadows next to me as a figure also coelesced to watch, shrouded by the darkness.
Tandalus.
Yes. 
We often meet like this. 
The situation became more clear as we waited in silence. Her breaths were ragged from sobbing and, as she leaned forward, a photograph slipped from her hands to slide into the slippery grasp of the water below.
A last happy moment, drowning in a sea of misery.
"How did it happen?"
Tandalus nodded.
"Car accident. Many years ago."
"Family?"
"All gone. She's avoided all social contact. Anyone that cared has gone, one way or another."
"I see."
I stepped closer taking note as she clutched a small teddy bear in her hands tighter to her breast. She suddenly looked so small and vulnerable.
"Rachel. You know who I am. You will pass this day. But you have a choice to make."
She couldn't hear me. Not in the real sense. However, I knew her soul would understand.
She looked up and out over the water. Her face bore the struggle, the thought of quick end to things permeating her very being, flickering across in her eyes once more. I felt her call for my brother pulse outward from her and for a moment, I thought Tandalus might be better suited for this.
Instead, though, she chose sleep. Closing her eyes, she leaned a bit to the right, slumping. Her breathing slowed.
I looked to Tandalus and he nodded once more, the ebony silk that drapped his head rustling ever so slightly against his pallid skin.
"She's decided. I shan't take her. She's your domain now."
I bent again, stooping over her still form, a hand moving to brush her cheek.
"Rachel."
She stirred. Her skin was paling now, lips turning a soft golden. Slowly, ever slowly, a change came over her. In a moment it would be finished.
I stepped back as the body faded, leaving her soul sleeping quietly, curled into a fetal position and still clutching the bear. A crimson fire leapt from her center and I reached out, drawing it into me. I reached forward, twisting the pain and changing it. If she must be forgotten, then her reward would be in the forgetting as well. I would bear the burden of her pain. A soft, golden glow slipped from my fingers and covered her like a warm blanket. 
"Sometimes, I envy you Darius."
"We both have our roles to play. You've had these moments as well."
"Very true, brother. Very true." A pensive look came across his face for a moment and just as quickly vanished. "Til the next time then."
I tilted my head in acknoledgement, turning away from the woman to watch him enter the shadows once more and in a moment he was gone. 
A soft tinkling of bells let me know the process was finished. She had crossed. The soft, gentle voice of a child caused me to turn back to the situation at hand.
"H-have I been sleeping?" A tiny hand grasped mine in worry.
"Yes, child. A very long and painful sleep. But it is over now. I have taken your pain into me and awakened you."
The child sighed in relief, her blue eyes searching mine for understanding and after a long moment of thoughtful silence, she spoke again.
"Thank you mister."
"It's not a problem... This has been done for millenia. Now... we have a place for you if you'll follow me."