  I peek out the blinds of my cabin. It’s one of those beautiful country nights; the wind is light and cool, the night insects are singing their songs, and the sky is perfectly clear and full of stars. There is no fucking way I’m going out there.

I don’t go out much since that thing happened a couple weeks ago. I was having a great old time at Hank’s, celebrating that the good Lord had seen fit to keep my state red through this whole god-awful election. Having done my part to keep my guns safe and my borders secure, I treated myself to an extra round of Coors and played all my favorite songs on the jukebox. It was about closing time and even though that hot, young waitress Laura had rejected my polite offer to take a ride with me, I was in high spirits as I stumbled through the parking lot. There were still plenty of trucks left and I think some dust was blurring my vision but I was able to find my MAGA bumper sticker that was just slightly off-angle because some pretty young jogger had passed by and I had to pay her a compliment. I remember getting into my car and switching from AM to PM radio; I didn’t want talk, I wanted some tunes for the ride! I remember making my turn onto the dirt road that cuts through the forest to my cabin, but everything else gets a little fuzzy at this point. I remember thinking some idiot was driving with his high beams on right towards me, and the lights were getting brighter and brighter and my radio was clicking and squealing something awful, and then, nothing. Well, not nothing, but the flashes that I get make my butthole clench and my palms sweat. Bright lights, strange machines, and long, snaking tubes... Brrrrrrr.

I push the thoughts out of my head as I back away from my window. I had contacted several so-called lawyers that I saw on the TV and they had all hung up on me. One guy even claimed to be a specialist on alien immigration and he just laughed me off, that elitist! So, it is as it always should be in America: down to one man and his gun. When I drive up to the local news station and plop a goddamn ALIEN down on their desks, when I show them the threat this country is over, even the fake news media will have to report: Gunther Henrickson, American goddamn hero. That stuck-up Laura will realize she missed out on going home with a hero, and isn’t that every woman’s dream?

I had a plan alright, I had my 12-gauge ready, a .38 in my waist-band for back-up, and some night-vision goggles I ordered from the good folks at the Infowars store. I knew they were expensive, but those aliens seem to have some fancy gear themselves, so I had to up the ante; besides, ol’ Alex has been having a hard time since the world realized they were tired of hearing the truth! I sent them a message about my circumstances, and though they did not give me the requested discount on the goggles, they assured me that my story met their journalistic standards and they would be doing a follow-up with me. I was about to head out the door when I heard my kitchen phone ring. It was almost 9 o’clock but I know justice never sleeps with Infowars so I didn’t mind the late call. 

“Gunther Henrickson, true American speaking,” I proudly pronounced into the phone.

“*Grrbalg jeeksonil?*”

The distortion in the phone took me by surprise. “Um, hello?”

“*Kerpal deemastem. Grrbalg?”*

I couldn’t believe it. God. Damn. Pakistani telemarketers!

“I can’t understand you but I know I don’t like it! Don’t you people know what time it is on this side of the world?!” I screamed and slammed the phone down. That’ll learn ‘em.

I started to head out when the phone rang again. I spun on my heel and grabbed it, ready for action.

“Do you not speak English?!” I yelled.

“*Terpaak…. English… Grrb—ello?* Hello?” the voice suddenly became clear and spoke English with no accent.

“Um…. Hello?”

“Ah excellent, our translator was having trouble syncing. Have I reached the residence of Gunther Henrickson?”

“Yes, are you a telemarketer?”

“Yes, but not in the traditional sense. Mr. Henrickson, we are reaching out to you because we believe you have been wronged recently by what you may consider to be an alien force. Would this be correct?”

“How did you know about that? Who the hell are you?”

“Mr. Henrickson, I am calling on behalf of Peepor, Gleebel & Stein, an intergalactic law firm that assists unfortunate victims just like yourself. You see, you have encountered some teenagers from Horlonia, who were trying to shave a few years off what you would call ‘high school’ by doing extra credit experimentation on you and others like you. The Horlonians frequently flout the Intergalactic Treaty on Animal Harassment, such as in your case.”

“Animal Harassment?”

“Yes, higher beings should not be pestering animal races such as yourselves, it’s just not fair. Your fragmentary societal systems are not prepared for the intricacies of our galactic government.”

“Is this a prank? One of those Steve Colberty joke things? You sound like you’re from the East Coast.”

“I assure you, Mr. Henrickson, I am indeed what you would call ‘an alien.’ And unless I am mistaken, I represent one of the few firms qualified to assist in solving your grievances. You don’t have to be a silent victim.”

“Now that’s the second time you used that word, and I’m gonna tell you, Gunther Henrickson is nobody’s victim! I don’t even get what you’re talking about!”

“Sir, I understand talking about this is upsetting. From what I’ve read, you got the whole prod and probe, and you’re not alone. There are many victims all over Earth that have suffered such indignities. That’s why we started the #E-Too movement, so that you can come out of hiding.”

“What in God’s name are you talking about?”

“Mr. Henrickson, when an entity in a position of higher power takes advantage of one in a lower position, we stand ready to help serve justice. Surely you comprehend instances of a majority oppressing those beneath them, and must bear these pains in silence?”

I looked at myself in the mirror of my front hall, and ran my fingers through my blond hair, thinking about the alien’s words.

“No, no sir, this is America, and that doesn’t happen here. Now I’d love to stay here and chat with you about sissy lawsuits and stuff, but I have to go keep this country great, so thanks, but no thanks.”

“Sir, I don’t think you understand the consequences of this inci—“

“NO THANKS,” I said, and hung up the phone.

Like I said, it is as it should be, one man with his gun, out to make things ri—

The phone rings again. I seize it in my hand, lifting the receiver and bellowing, “I said…”

“Hello, I am a hacker from the Gleeflitz system. I am calling to notify you that I possess holographic recordings of your recent probing session, and I must say, you seem to have enjoyed yourself. My my, what tastes. I have taken the liberty of syncing your body’s spastic spurtings with the images that were filling your head at the time. What will *prutzulbaum—krr* Grandma think? If you do not want these images broadcast all over your solar system, send 500 burkaks to this galactic address…”

The alien rattling off some strange coordinates fell on dead ears. My body, my very thoughts exposed for the whole world to see. Every asshole with a telescope laughing at my insecurities and private desires. I didn’t even know what a burkak was, much less how to send it to him. I laid my guns on the table, walked to the sink and filled a kettle with water and plunked a teabag in my favorite mug. As I curled up on my couch, I pulled the blanket around myself, trying to hide myself from the world. I waited for the world to see my shame, me, Gunther Henrickson. Victim.