"You're such a good little buddy," Kara said as she kissed her beloved pet frog on the nose. To her shock, the small frog in her hands began to writhe and twitch, growing and transforming into a fully formed human.   


Nothing seemed wrong at first, and despite her shock at the rapid transformation, they never broke their kiss. Kara sighed in pleasure as she deeply kissed the man who had just come into being before her eyes. She asked who he was, and he confidently responded "My name is Pepe. I am the guardian of the god Kek."   


Without missing a beat, she embraced him and whispered into his ear that she had a surprise in store for him - a holy site of the ancient god Kek that resided thousands of miles from the nearest known site. Kara asked him to wait in her car, a concept he struggled to understand, and turned on the engine to warm up the car. She asked him to wait for her while she gathered her possessions and prepared to come with her. As she stepped into the mud room, Kara quietly locked the door and the deadbolt.    


At the ripe old age of 1130, Pepe had no idea of what an internal combustion engine was, nor did he understand the perils of carbon monoxide. He waited for his princess to return to the garage, peacefully slipping into a pleasant sleep. Under cover of darkness, Kara opened the garage door until fresh air had filled the concrete and metal sarcophagus of "Pepe." She drove at exactly the speed limit to the steep bank of a nearby river along the coast of Roosevelt island, just out of sight of the police cameras pointed at the nearby bridge, and shoved "Pepe"'s lifeless body down the bank and into the river. After a short investigation that, unsurprisingly, failed to identify the body of a man aged more than 1130  years, "Pepe" was buried on Hart Island in an anonymous grave with a serial number rather than a name.   


Kara felt no remorse, but instead a sense of pride. She parked her car where she knew it wouldn't be towed for days, headed to her sanctuary at a local bar known for its dedication to egregious acts of blasphemy, and sat down at the bar where she could lean her head back to express her sense of relief. One of the bartenders locked eyes with Kara and sympathized with the troubled look in her eyes, offered her the house shot and a beer special at no cost, and seductively pulled her black lace thong until it barely concealed  her most private and intimate parts, and put her legs on Kara's shoulders. The bartender, clearly enamored with Kara, put her ankles on Kara's shoulders, and gripped a shot glass in a truly impressive way. She grabbed Kara's hair, forced her to drink the shot, and teased her for not following up. Kara was a more reserved young woman and wasn't comfortable with outright public acts of such intimacy, but passed over the bathrooms as the conditions in them likely constituted crimes against humanity. Kara and her friend from the bar quickly took the stairs up to the roof, where access was only known to certain trusted employees.   


Kara and her bartender friend eventually returned downstairs, where her bartender friend was relentlessly berated and shamed for her behavior that they could see and smell on her. She is brilliant at conversation and persuasion, skills that have served her well in her career, Through some act of deception, manipulation, or physical intervention she has fulfilled all of the stories we recall and developed elaborate excuses for every one of them. I can't do this forever, but as long as the women are willing to help create plausible deniability, we might just make it work.