Its been about 60 years now since Luna broke away from America. What were we supposed to do, send an armed ship up to change their minds? They weren’t worth the fuel it would’ve taken. No, they left peacefully and we let them. Non-contact was the name of their game, but no one seemed to care. We had bigger fish to fry. 

A Cold War with the Chinese. Seems funny to think about now, but you have to remember that it was a different political climate back then. Less trust. Less empathy.

No, the space race was before that. This was a race for energy. Solar farms, turbines, closed cell thorium, you name it someone made it. We made a mistake in forgetting Luna. Near the end of the war, rumors circulated that the Chinese made an alliance with Luna and as a result they had a satellite that we’d never be able to blast out of the sky hanging right above our heads. It was never true, but great God we’re we terrified. My buddy, a G.I. in Japan, said the lads were about ready to shoot any jet with a red tail out of the sky no matter where it came from. 

We lived in terror of what could come from the moon for five long years. In those five years, both us and the Chinese closed our last coal-burning plants, opened new nuclear sites, and had our hands a millimeter from the launch buttons, and after five years, we all threw in the towel. 

Apparently there were secret peace talks and now instead of mutual tungsten bombardment there was going to be a new era of peace, with our heads up to the stars once more. 

Officially, the peace project was called the US-China Joint Dyson Project, but everyone just called it Project Wukong, what with it being about the Sun and all that. The first stages of the Sphere were planned to be sent up by the end of the year and after the second, we had already started pulling power. Power like no one could’ve imagined. It seemed like there’s never be a scarcity war again. Unfortunately, it couldn’t be all good news.

Mere days after the first energy shipment from Wukong, news traveled across the globe that Buzz Aldrin, last living member of Apollo 11 had died. He had a good run, 153 is no number to shake a stick at, but it crushed the world from New York to Beijing, Stockholm to Sydney. We, as a planet, collectively remembered where we came from, how far we’d come, and how close to global annihilation we came. I remember that day, when the news sites televised the raising of flags. Not just ol’ Star Spangled, but the Union Jack, the Aussie Cross, the Shield and Spaceship of Kenya, even the Chinese Field of Stars were raised to half mast that day. Across the world, and across the solar system too.

That day, we received the last transmission Earth would ever get from her Moon, a final solidarity: a grainy picture of a sea of some ten-thousand figures in spacesuits, simultaneously saluting a single, sunbleached flag at half-mast. You could still make out the Stars and Stripes and beside that, two sets of footprints, undisturbed through the ages.

(Thanks for reading! This is my first post here and I read the prompt and just immediately knew what I had to write.)