Inside the plaza, the crowd bustle of Kriss activity. Chirps, shrieks, and howls. Hundreds of footsteps, voices shouting, whispering. Eyes staring. Children running. Kriss carrying boxes of goods, bags of food. Stalls and food vendors sat on the brick ground. Kriss heading home to their apartments, huge skyscrapers towering outside the plaza. Outside the city, roads leading through a veritable forest of cacti. Greens, reds, purples, and more. Terran drones flew above, carrying cargo into and out of the city. 

Electricity flowing through carefully crafted circuits, aluminum plates, well tuned electronics.

Or mostly well tuned. A drone, untuned, carrying too heavy a load. Straining too much. Motor too weak. Coolant unable to flow enough. And then-

Fire. Smoke, to sparks, to many sparks floating down from a dying drone. To fire. The drone explodes, and yet more sparks float down. 

A forest of cacti, and a small fire. It goes unnoticed, until a pillar of black smoke ascends slowly into the sky, before dying to the wind. Kriss cover their ears as alarms all across the city scream their songs for all to hear.

Kriss huddle together, fearful of the fire closing in, but knowing there's nothing to be done. Hoping the fire retardant boundary will save them. And then it doesn't. Fire leaps across, encouraged by a malicious wound. A building on fire, then two, turn then three.

"We've got an alert near Hiffborough. A Kriss city. Shit, shit, shit. Hangars 401, 402, and 403. Firefighters section 23. Get out, now!"

75 firefighters board 3 hovercraft, and they take off, whining together as one. They fly low, crossing the large desert stretches. 

"Kriss don't fight fires. They look up to them. We can probably expect resistance to our efforts. Just a final warning. Jaig, be prepared to set up force field barriers."

The fire comes into view, and the city is barely visible behind the smoke and flame. The craft decelerate and hover above the city. Doors open, and men and women jump out. 0.3 g doesn't pull very fast, and the firefighters land softly. A hose drops down from a tank of water, and firefighters attach the head. At this point, Kriss shrieks of horror, terror, anger, and pain fill the air. Invisible barriers go up, and incessant radio chatter between firefighters grows. Suddenly, three separate streams of water spray in a constantly changing spread. Over the period of the hours, the fire recedes, and Kriss calm down. 

Or most. After much debate, Kriss leadership sent in police. Clawed feet, vests, steel toed boots, and chemical propellant rifles push through the crowds. Kriss police forces move towards the rapidly advancing firefighters, and placed down a disruptor. The force fields power down, and police move ahead. Gunshots ring out, but small lead pellets aren't able to penetrate the firefighters' armor. Batons swing, but the firefighters ignore it, focused solely on the fire. 

Eventually the fire dies completely. The Kriss ambassador moves to the firefighters, halting the police. 

"What is this, and what have you done to the holy flame?" The translator hisses into the lead firefighter's ear. 

"How do you not fight fire?! Do you think it's honourable to die in a flame?!" The firefighter struggles to maintain his cool. 

The crowd surges forward, awed by the firefighters. Soon, chaos ensues, as they realize fire can indeed be vanquished. Some Kriss accept this, others are angry. They don't want to accept that their friends and family died for nothing, and they hate the firefighters. 

The firefighters are bombarded with questions, and the firefighters struggle to leave. As they head back, they take off their helmets, wipe their sweaty faces, and sigh.

"Fucking Kriss."



First time poster. Thoughts? Criticisms? 