The hallways were quiet. The sounds hushed along the expanse. It was the rooms that sucked the oxygen out of your lungs. It wasn't merely the chill temperature, optimized by some soulless computer program, it was the sheer desperation from the hollow-eyed patients inside who were never prepared for the worst. The news was always the worst.

I braced myself for the cold shock and walked into room 4. The patient was young and could have been pretty if not for the unsmiling tension that radiated from her. They almost always were young, I thought to myself. Young and about to grow up fast.

"Hello, Ms. Williams. How are you today?"

She grimaced in reply. I couldn't blame her. 

"Here is a cup, if you can step into the bathroom and-"

She snatched the cup from me and stalked into the adjoining bathroom. I turned my attention to her companion. The young man was pale and sweaty despite the cold. His glanced skittered away from mine. The silence grew opressive.

 I knew him, he'd been here before. Another young, pretty girl.

We stood there together for several minutes waiting for the young woman to return. Waiting through this farcical formality before the terrible news. The girl stepped back into the room holding a precarious cup in both hands. 

I took the 2 oz burden from her, unwrapped the test and started the timer for the requisite 3 minutes The fibrous filament soaked greedily. We didn't even need to wait for the full 3 minutes to see the symbols glint bright blue, but we waited anyway, hoping perhaps that the symbol would change. It didn't.

"Congratulations, Ms. Williams. You're pregnant."
--
I voted for the law. It was going to be a great equalizer. It promised justice for all the injustice that we saw in the world. Back then, I thought that justice was easy. 

I had ignored those that opposed it, crying for mercy. You only needed mercy if you had sinned. 'Mercy robs justice.' I remember explaining to a like-minded friend as we toasted the night the law passed.

It was very elegant and bloodless. You filled out a form and turned it in to your local agency. Rage - killings were allowed, of course, but it was frowned upon to use your form as a 'get out of jail free' card. There were long queues lined up when the official form came out. 

And at first, it was a great equalizer. Rich, famous, callous, cruel... everything toppled neatly. Even the cable companies were nice, knowing how quickly bad treatment resulted in opportunity cost.

We laughed and smiled. We calmed the first few shudders of alarm, when the equalizing hand reached for casual acquaintance or an old teacher, because no one ever really knows someone beyond the surface. 

We all know about a ripple effect, how a single change can ripple out causing waves of chaos.  We forget how interconnected we are, how the ripple will affect us. We also forget that in a closed pool, the ripples will bounce off the edge and change direction. The law bounced off the edge of the world.
--
"Pregnant." The girl's face went white. "I don't have my form yet; I'm not old enough. Jake?" 

She looked at the young man, who studiously refused to look at her. 

"Jake, you have a form, right? You got it at your birthday." Desperation made her press for an answer that she didn't want to hear. She prodded "You can fix this."

His answer was slow-coming, pulled out of him by the room. 

"I, uh, used my form already." Her incomprehension made him clarify. "Tina had, uh, had an... accident, too."

The distance between them distorted and spread putting him out of the room. I wished I could escape as well, but this was my job. 

"Ms. Williams. Do you have any family that you wish to consult?" I fingered at the document in my hand.

"No." Short and sullen.

"In light of your age and situation then, here is an extremis- termination form. If you should wish, you may now invoke your legal right to terminate a life."

She accepted the form with shaking hands.

"If you so choose: Please fill it out and turn it in at the front desk." As I walked to the door, my professionalism faltered. "I am sorry."

The vacuum silence of room 4 sucked away my words. I wandered into the still hallway. I did not check to see if she had filled out the form. I never checked.

Room 6 and 1 were waiting.




