"So tell me the whole story. From the start."

"I'm starting to wonder if things will ever go back to feeling normal. They say you become accustomed to your surrounds eventually, no matter how awful. 
I can't get over it..."

"No, I understand that but we need your account of what happened in order to move forward. Please tell me everything."

"I'm one of the lucky ones. I listened to the radio. I was driving up to meet Richard when all of the radio stations stopped playing music and started just repeating "evacuate immediately. Get to high ground". Over and over. No other information. It felt like the end of the world. Sitting in traffic, looking into other cars and seeing their panic stricken faces looking back, I decided I'd listen to it. 

I'd managed to get to Hackney Hill when it started happening. It's not even that high up but I didn't know where else to go. There weren't a lot of people around me and the ones that were there, didn't want to talk. Masses of soldiers were marching down streets and pulling people out of their houses and into vans. Anyone on a hill wasn't being approached at all. You could see clusters of people on various hills around the park. All being left alone. I tried calling richard but he didn't pick up so went to send a WhatsApp message except the Internet wasn't working. I just thought I had bad signal. They planned it all perfectly." 

"Okay, and then what happened? How did things get this bad?"

"Well, isn't it obvious? God. I thought you academic types could figure this out. The government wanted to sort out the population crisis. Too many of us. Ice caps were melting. They didn't want any of the mindless morons coming to the future with us. They figured out how to fix climate change and end world hunger and poverty etc etc. Some futuristic horseshit about how the future only belongs to those who are out there living it, not the ones stuck in their houses watching moving pictures on a box." 

"Except, they hadn't figured it all out. It was the biggest genocide there's ever been and now it's all been swept under the carpet. It's not in any newspapers, although the media hasn't been free for a long time. Not on any pirate radio stations. Just nothing. Now here you are, asking me where who would have been your  uncle Richard is thanks to a photo I managed to hide. You'll be killed if you mention any of this. You know that right?"

"But mum, it's been 47 years. Surely it's the right time to get the word out. I can't promise you I'll be silent about this but I will be careful. Work will protect me. They've heard similar stories and it can't be hidden forever. "



- thanks for reading! Any constructive criticism would be appreciated. First time responding to a prompt! 