Bourbon swirled inside the glass like liquid honey, oak and memory. Dante brought the glass to his lips. He let the caramel and vanilla notes linger for just a moment, then tossed his head back and downed the biting liquor like medicine. It tasted like a spray from Arbok’s venom.

He grabbed another dusty glass from the shelf. Three more whiskey stones, one more gentle pour, then back to the lounge with both drinks in hand.

Pendant lights cast their golden glow on the quiet cabin. Patrick waited on the couch. He looked every bit as faded as the sun-bleached leather on which he sat; years of service in the force left him hollow, and years of retirement and relaxation did little to fix the slight glint that rested in his eyes, the light of a fire that still burned black from the vicious kerosene of memory.

Dante sat the two glasses down on the table. He locked eyes with Patrick. No words were spoken. None had to be—they both knew what the other would say. Dante sat back in the adjacent recliner, letting his eyes drift to the basket of old smut magazines collecting cobwebs by the fireplace.

“It was good. For you to come here,” Dante said.

Patrick rubbed his hands together. “You think I wanted to? You think I had a choice?”

“We made our choices long ago.”

“Did you see the news? They got him. By god, they got him,” Patrick said, shaking his head. He took a sip from his glass. “The whole world’s a mess; everything’s gone to shit. The wars, the things they’ve done. You wouldn’t even recognize the monsters they created. It’s bad, Dante. Real bad.”

Dante took another sip. *The monsters they created.*

“He’s dead then?”

Patrick nodded.

“Mewtwo?” Dante asked in disbelief.

Patrick looked down and took another silent drink.

“Fuck.”

“They got him good,” Patrick said quietly.

“And the rest of his resistance, that’s gone too?”

Patrick shrugged. “I don’t know. I got out, never got back in, so I don’t know. But it was all over the news, and I know you don’t get that up here at the cabin.”

Dante coughed. A lump formed in the back of his throat. When the mass-captures started, it was for the “greater good.” A whole lot of shit that was. There was no greater good left in the world anymore, only greed. Mewtwo was one of the first to see it. Maybe he was the last that still believed it.

“How many are still wild?”

Patrick shook his head. “They don’t tell us anything—try and keep it real quiet.”

“And your kids—Do they know?”

“I tell them stories. Stories about when we worked together with Pokémon. Stories of when you and I came up here as kids to catch the Sudowoodo. Do you remember that time we found the herd of Heracross?”

Dante let out a grim chuckle. “Sixty years and you still won’t let me live that down?”

Patrick smiled mischievously. “Never.”

But the smile quickly left Patrick’s face, only to be replaced with a long stare at the black briefcase he set by the door. Dante followed his gaze.

“We’re too old for this,” Dante said in protest. “You *know* we can’t.”

Patrick stood up and walked slowly towards the briefcase. “They thought they were so clever, hunting down the legendary ones first.”

“It’s wrong. We took an oath!”

Patrick ran his fingers across the golden lock like it opened Pandora's box itself. “They came and took away the others, and one by one, Pokémon by Pokémon, the government made us powerless.”

“I won’t do it.”

The briefcase unlatched. Nestled inside the velvet cushions were two Poké Balls. Patrick lifted them gently, setting them on the table.

“We can stop this. You and I,” Patrick said. He looked up; his gaze was fire. “The very first editions didn’t have government tracers. They never found our first catch.”

“You know how dangerous it is. We could rupture time itself!”

“And who would stop us? Dialga? They killed him years back. Arceus? Dead, like the rest. There are no gods now except the ones we make ourselves.”

Dante rose from his chair. “What’s your plan?”

“Send us back in time. Thirty years, when we first joined the revolution. Before the bombing of Sliph co, the day we lost the war. When we made that oath—it’s time to break it.”

Dante stuttered, searching for the words to reason with Patrick, but his mouth was as dry as the bourbon, and he found nothing to say, and he found he wanted to say nothing at all. He reached for the Poké Ball, faded and cracked.

“Did your family put you up to this?” Dante asked.

“They’re the only reason I’m asking you. A world without Pokémon is no world at all. Do it. Four words and then we go back to when it all began. I can't do this without you.”

“You sunovabitch!” Dante said, shaking his head.

A drop of memory ran cold from his eyes, down his grizzled cheek. He felt his hands close around the ball; a fire lit under his eyes. Patrick was right—this world was an empty husk of itself, a poor future built on hate—nothing more.

But maybe buried in the hysteria was a future worth fighting for. A future worth saving.

He closed his eyes and uttered four words he vowed to never say again.

“Celebi, I choose you.”