Mulan Szechuan Sauce

Yes, the same fucking sauce that is currently available in McDonalds during April Fools. 

That's my name. Mulan Szechuan Sauce, I'm a guy named Mulan born in Ohio not Szechuan and develop a rare allergic reaction to one specific widely food industry ingredients which btw is the key ingredient to make McDonald Sauces. So, I can't even eat the famous Mulan Szechuan Sauce. 

My Father being born a Chinese Muslim from Singapore, he wanted to add his family name and the most famous name in Islam, Lee and Muhammad. 

Mum on the other hand was, still is, very competitive decided to track her ancestors which apparently is linked to Russian and Indian linage and wanted to add Alexai and Adhitya into my name. 

Their little competition attracted my grandparents which started their own competition and chose Johnson and Smith since my mother is from USA. Face palming, my grandparents on my father's side decided to make an ultimatum if they put Johnson and Smith, my name should also include, this is quite a long one, 

 Zhang Wang Nguyen Garcia Gonzalez Hernandez Smirnov Muller

In that order. Should be the in the middle of my name. 

At this point, you would expect all of them to end it with a laugh but lo and behold, President Drumpf heard this and tweeted a Presidential Order to include Drumpf in my name. Yes, Drumpf. 

And that Sirs started the shit storm that almost collapse Tweeter (former name Twitter Inc). 

Kardashians, Evans, Lawrence, Tatum, Clooney, Depp, Pitt, Damon, Lannister, Potter and Greyjoy are the main 11 names who started to gain momentum because their fans were not satisfied that somehow the Smiths manage to get their name but not them. 

UN on the other hand made an emergency meeting to include the names of all respective members of the UN, which concluded after two months of intense discussion finally decided on 'The Oxford Dictionaries Word of the Year 2015: Face with Tears of Joy' as their agreed upon name representing UN. 

Thus my current name, which I have to write on every page for my university entrance exam, You heard it right, EVERY FUCKING PAGE, is: 

Muhammad Drumpf Damon Lannister Potter Greyjoy Kardashians Evans Lawrence Tatum Clooney Depp Pitt  Mulan Szechuan Sauce  Zhang Wang Nguyen Garcia Gonzalez Hernandez Smirnov Muller Johnson Smith Alexai Adhitya The Oxford Dictionaries Word of the Year 2015: Face with Tears of Joy Lee

Jokes on them, I'm currently is the smartest person alive but for the life of me, I could never remember my name without checking my extra large ID. Courtesy of the White House. And..... I forgot the last one again. 

Muhammad Drumpf Damon Lannister Potter Greyjoy Kardashians Evans Lawrence Tatum Clooney Depp Pitt  Mulan Szechuan Sauce  Zhang Wang Nguyen Garcia Gonzalez Hernandez Smirnov Muller Johnson Smith Alexai Adhitya The Oxford Dictionaries Word of the Year 2015: Face with Tears of Joy Lee Is White. 

I'm not even white dammit! 