They called him the Devourer of Worlds, the Flying Fortress, the Bane of the Gods. 

They also called him the Nanny, after he had agreed to taking in a baby girl. An undignified title for one as great as himself, to be sure, but Azaroth would be lying if he said he didn't take at least a bit of pride in it. He would, however, never admit to it.

"Dad!" called out a voice from the entrance of the cave. "I'm back!"

Azaroth snorted, and a puff of smoke filled the cavern. "Where did you go?"

The outline of a slim girl came into view, carrying a huge boar's carcass on her shoulders. Her midsection was bleeding and her attire was torn, but she seemed not to notice. "Hunting. He got me in the sides, but I got him in the head."

Perthesia heaved, then lifted the boar overhead and slammed it into the ground. Over a decade of a diet infused with magical fire had given her abilities beyond that of regular humans - not that she had anyone to compare it to. "I saw the castle today."

Azaroth growled. "I thought I told you not to go near there."

"Dad, it's fine," said Perthesia. "They've never seen me."

"What would happen if they did?" 

"How should I know? You've never told me."

Azaroth paused. Humans were unnaturally curious, and had a tendency to seek out the 'ifs' of the 'what ifs'. Unlike whelps, who knew instinctively to stay out of danger, humans would actively pursue it, as he himself had evidenced over decades of shooing then away. 

_________

*16 years ago*

"I've never seen a seal like this," said the captain of the guards. "Can you read it?"

Tygon took a second to recall his wizard training. 

*Runes of green, hide unseen.*

*Runes of red, seal the dead.*

*Runes of blue, don't go through.*

The rune before him was a shimmering purple, marked with golden specks. Tygon could only speculate, but chances were that whatever was behind the door wasn't good. "I don't know. Don't open it."

Captain Markov chuckled. "It's fine. We've got the best army and the Tower of Magis working together. It can't be that bad."

He waved a hand, and two of his men went up to the door. Tygon wanted to protest, but he was admittedly equally curious. 

__________

"Why can't I go to the village, Dad?" asked Perthesia innocenty, in between bites of boar. Juice was trickling down her mouth. 

"Don't talk with your mouth full."

"Don't evade the question."

Azuroth held back the desire to breathe fire onto his adoptive daughter. Admittedly, it would do nothing to her but show his displeasure, but it was satisfying to think of it. 

"I'm 16, Dad. I think I'm old enough to know."

The elder dragon said nothing. 

"If you're not going to tell me, I'll find out for my-"

"NO!"

The cavern trembled with the force of Azuroth's roar. Perthesia trembled, but remained defiant. Her father sighed.

"I'll tell you if you promise never to go back to the village."

"I promise," said Perthesia immediately. Azuroth was aware of how fickle human promises were, but it still provided some semblance of comfort anyway. He sighed.

"Listen closely. I'll only say this once..."

__________

*16 years ago*

"Your Highness, we've lost the Third and Fourth battalions. The Second is under heavy fire, and the Tower of the Magi are retreating. We can't win this war; all our slain troops just resurrect as the dead's forces."

The courier spoke calmly, as he was trained to, but the entire court could see him quaking in his boots. 

King Perthax kneaded his temples. "We have nowhere to run. The civilians have been-"

"Slaughtered, every last one of them. They caught us as we were ferrying them out the back."

Perthax gazed into the sky. Beside him, Queen Penelope hushed a crying baby.

"I will not abandon my troops. Penelope, you take Perthesia and… run. Keep her alive."

"No, my Lord. I swore to stay by your side. We will face this together."

Perthax expected nothing less. 

"…Fine. Courier, you are the fastest in the kingdom, are you not? Take Perthesia and run. A single person might make it out. Do not let anything happen to her, or I'll haunt you after my death."

The courier saluted. With that, Penelope handed him her baby, kissing her one last time on her forehead. Perthax picked up his sword and touched his child on the forehead lightly, wishing he had the fortune to run. 

"Let's go, men."

An ensemble of gold-clad warriors roared and took up arms, all of them prepared to die.

__________

*15 years ago*

Roma staggered across the rocky outcrops, utterly exhausted. Behind him, a horde of the Dead chased him, determined to make him one of them. Roma cursed, still carrying Princess Perthesia, and stumbled into a cave.

The cave led to nothing but darkness. Roma was too weak to continue on, and could only kneel and crawl. His determination to survive was strong, but determination never saved anyone. 

"Help…" 

Roma collapsed, and Perthesia rolled across the rocky floor. She immediately began to cry, as the first Dead soldier made its way to the cave.

Suddenly, a huge swath of fire enveloped the cave, incinerating the Dead immediately. Roma gasped as the yellow eyes of a massive dragon filled his vision.

"Who are you?" asked Azuroth.

With the last of his strength, Roma recounted his story, and the subsequent fall of the Kingdom of Perthax.