*This isn't exactly following the writing prompt, but it's what my imagination spat out* 

“They killed Necroblighter” The old man said.

“Yep” his friend replied after taking a sip of iced tea. “I heard from my granddaughter. They staked him down and let him burn to death in the sunlight. Bad way to go.”

“It's all these danged upstarts. They don't even call themselves heroes anymore. Now everybody's got to be an 'antihero', and be dark and brooding”.  

“It's not just these new heroes. The villains too. They're nothing like they once were. We had a code. We might take over the world, or steal millions, but we had basic decency. You remember what that monster last year did to all those kids. The league of villains would have never stood for that back in our day. And while I'm at it, what kind of silly name is 'Necroblighter'? The old villains, they had some good names. 'Zebulax'. That's a name that makes you afraid. Makes you wonder what he can do.” 

The two old men sat in their rocking chairs on the front porch of the sprawling house, lost in old times. 
After long minutes of reverie, the old man's friend spoke again. “You know it was folks like Captain Amazing that kept us in line. No matter how many times he caught us, he never treated us badly. Always believed we could be reformed. I guess having someone believe in us gave us some faith in ourselves, even if it was only a little bit.”

“There is no Captain Amazing anymore” the old man said. “just some old geezer with a suit that doesn't fit, arthritic knees, and no pension. I always said crime didn't pay, but I never realized that selflessness doesn't get you too much either. Every time somebody offered me a reward, I'd turn it down.”

The old man's friend grimaced. “tweren't right of the city. Use you for 30 good years, and then put you out to pasture with a key to the city made of fake gold. 'twern't right.”

Captain Amazing sighed; “I guess they got so used to me turning down rewards they never thought about it. It's you guys who really remembered us in the end. You're a good friend, Zeb” 

Zebulax shrugged. “well what else could we do. I know you've saved every one of us from certain death countless times. Remember our fight on the top of Dead Man's Cliff? I slipped on those rocks, and you jumped over the cliff to save me, even after I had tried to kill you. Never thought twice about it. I wouldn't be here if it weren't for you. Besides, our crime really did pay. We can afford it.”

The Captain stared into the distance, watching the sun set. When dark had come, he stood up. “Well,” he said with a stretch, “I guess I'll turn in early. Mindmaiden had another vision last night. There's a little boy that's going to get lost tomorrow on his way to school. If nobody helps him, he'll end up in a bad way. I reckon a couple of the boys and me will go down and help him out.”

Zebulax drained his iced tea and stood up with Captain Amazing. “Mind if I come along, Cap? Sounds like it might be fun.” 

The Captain grinned faintly in the dark as they walked back into the League of Villains Retirement Home; “sure Zeb. I'd like that a lot.” 