Frigging patched in, in-game events.
Out of all the things to introduce, like a new world or PVP, they instead rebalanced the game so you have to play as these feeble fleshbags called "humans". apparently, 65 million years prior, they drop a goddamn asteroid on you that rebalances the game in their favor, making it impossible for the awesome towering reptiles you made to survive. the devs insist that you can definitely continue as the dinosaurs if you know what you're doing. Bullshit. the food chain is fucked on top of nuclear winter and an atmosphere of dust, but sure, let me bust my ass so the crocodiles can make it out and be a perpetual reminder of what the game was clearly building up to before this.

I lean back in my chair and ponder on what to do next. it's either this or watching that godawful Cthulhu day time talk show with my mom. And seeing as how I vowed to end all existence if I ever had to see another eldritch abomination pander to shrieking  housewife's, the choice is pretty clear. I lean forward, pull my chair in and see what the mess has to offer.

Well, this is unplayable, these bastards are useless. Shit stats outside of stamina, which, given their vulnerability to fucking everything, means nothing, only live like 30 years anyway and to top it all off, can't stop killing each other for no reason. Thanks devs, giving up my T Rexs was worth it for the epic showdown of man with rock vs man with stick.

Wait, hold on, I have an idea...

20 minutes I sit back and admire my handiwork. Finally got a religion up and running and boy, is it a doozy. it's got this massive list of rules on procreation, promises eternal hellfire and ironic punishment for displeasing me in any way and says you have to love and praise me forever to even hope to get anything out of the deal. I even downloaded a picture of myself into the game so they know just what the almighty looks. Granted it didn't render well. Or at all, really. so I ended up just picking a random character portrait for the job, let people come to their decisions on what I'm supposed to look like. Anyways, I sat back and waited for the AI to go crazy trying to make this bullshit work.

Problem was their solution generally wasn't to go crazy. at least not in a particularly funny way. I mean there were some things that were funny like them whipping themselves to somehow cure disease. that got a laugh. but for the most part, their default reaction to being challenged about their faith in me was kill. as in kill everyone and anyone remotely associated with questioning their beliefs. At first I was somewhat bemused by their insane knee jerk slaughter of everything, then bored, then after actually giving the situation some thought, disturbed.

I was ready to throw in the towel when they finally got their shit together. Started doing science, writing philosophy, building new societies based around new technologies that ran on something called fossil fuels. Which reminds me, I should look up what is in the glossary...

OH YOU MOTHERFUCKERS!

