I woke up to a splitting headache, the likes of which I have never experienced before. The sickness had arrived. I tried to stand up, but a tsunami of nausea immediately threw me down. Was this the end? I couldn't see much, as my vision was failing quickly, but it was certainly well past morning. The sunlight pierced straight through to my head, even as I tried to keep my eyes shut. A rumbling through my bones became more and more evident, like sitting near the railway as a freight train hurled closer and closer.

bleeehhhh

---

I woke up a splitting headache, the likes of which I have never experienced before. I couldn't see much, but it was clearly--

"Mr. Fields, please stay where you are"

A formal voice. What the hell? And my name. It sounded almost foreign to me.

"Mr. Fields, you are currently in the St. Christopher's hospital. Do you remember how you got here?"

Nope. My vision was starting to clear, and I saw that I was in a clean room, IV in arm, as a couple nurses and an ancient looking copper stared intently at my face.

"Mr. Fields, we are sorry to bother you in this state, but you are under arr... er, a valuable witness to the investigation. You were found lying unconscious in Lee park this morning suffering from severe dehydration due to excessive drinking."

Sounds about right. I had downed at least twenty beers last night and blacked out.

"You were found alongside fifty five other individuals, most of whom were declared dead at the scene from complications from the MS-06S 'Zaku' bacteria infection."

That's right... I had ran out of money to buy pills last week, and had joined a suicide party I came across on my way home. But hang on...

"You and your, uh.. mistress across the room were the only known survivors. Mr. Fields, when was the last time you've taken a dose of the daily RX78.2 antibacterial?"

Mistress? But hmmm, I last went to the pharmacy on the tenth, so... eight days ago? Huh, some luck... 

I saw the cop's hands were shaking a little. The nurses were mumbling something technical to themselves. Sitting up, I saw a young slim asian girl lying in a bed just across from mine. Quite an upgrade from my wife I should say, though I didn't recognize her. Stupid booze.

Suddenly the door to my room flung open loudly, way too loudly for my headache.

"The final blood tests are back" an annoyingly loud voice squeaked, "Ms Xu's MS-06S values continue to drop, and have fallen below critical levels. As for Mr. Fields... the tests.... still show Zero. He is officially in remission"