"On behalf of the people of Earth," said Xiang, "I would like to assure you that we never included that song on the Voyager Golden Record to begin with, and we have no knowledge of how it came to be there when you intercepted it, and we are extremely, extremely regretful at how this entire situation turned out." 

Xiang exhaled and winced slightly as her speech came to an end, resting her hand on her distended belly. Far below them, the world was in a paralyzed anxiety, hundreds of alien spacecraft poised over the Earth like needles about to drive in. Due to some coincidence of biology, the aliens were extremely sensitive to the hormonal emissions of humans, except, for some reason, those of pregnant women. And so in a frantic attempt at diplomacy - appeasement, Xiang thought bitterly - she had been dragged out of maternal leave from the CNSA and was sitting in the damp confines of the alien mothership. Her hemorrhoids were flaring up and her feet were swollen and she was about ready to take a shit on the whole concept of diplomacy. 

The alien ambassador regarded her, its triangular face unreadable, its eyes fixed on the sides of its head. "There is no need for apology," it assured her. "We have studied your various cultures. We took the message in the spirit in which it was intended."

"No," said Xiang. "No, no, you absolutely do not understand." She rested her hands heavily on the edge of the bench and then grimaced and wiped them off on her dress. The whole ship was leaking, fizzing, tiny white bubbles oozing out of every conceivable surface. She had been assured that it was a form of chemical nanotechnology, but the constant barely sub-audible sound, the chemical musk that hung in the air, was beginning to make her feel like throwing up. "This isn't an attempt at an excuse. The song wasn't included on the Voyager record. It couldn't have been. Voyager I was launched in 1977. The song you're talking about wasn't recorded until 1987. There was a ten year difference!" She dabbed at the beads of sweat on her forehead. "The tradition of - ugh -" She grimaced again. "The tradition of 'Rick-rolling' wasn't started until 2007! We've researched this. I've been briefed comprehensively on this. You are speaking of a complete impossibility." 

The alien seemed to consider, rising up on its posterior legs to well over thirteen feet. Xiang exhaled, feeling vertigo. "Interesting," it said, and drew a line lengthwise down the wall. It bubbled open, and the gleaming edge of the Golden Record slid out, hovered in mid-air, rotated like a flat Earth. A point of graphite the size of a rice grain floated over it, lowered and made contact. "This is the record you speak of, correct? How do you explain this, then?"

Xiang closed her eyes in dread. The record hummed, skipped. The music exploded into a syncopated beat. Xiang felt her stomach sink. And then the voice boomed out:

*You're no stranger to love,*  
*You know the rules, and so do I*  
*A full commit-*  

"Enough!" Xiang cried out. "Enough! Enough! I've heard it enough times already!" The needle disintegrated. The music came to a halt. Xiang was going to throw up. An alien intelligence had finally revealed itself to the human species, and she was going to throw up all over it. "I don't know," she moaned miserably. "There were - there were 55 different languages in there! There was -" She flicked across her datapad, scrolling through the list. "Sounds of birds, animals. The wind. The rain. Morse code. 90 minutes of music! The-" She faltered slightly, sounding out the words. "An hour long recording of the brain waves of Ann Druyan." She looked up apologetically at the alien. "I don't know if that would have been meaningful to you. It's not to us." She looked back down at the list. "And 116 images, math, planets, anatomy, snowflakes, people - all encoded in analogue." She let her hand drop, eyes weary. "And instead, it's a joke. A stupid internet joke. I don't understand how this could have happened." 

"And..." The alien hesitated, studying the glossy surface of the record. "This information you say you recorded - it was important?" 

"Yes?" Xiang said. She slouched on the edge of the bench and then arched her back. The aliens apparently didn't sit naturally, and had provided her with essentially a plank. Her back was starting to ache. Her hemorrhoids were on fire. "Or no. I don't know." She closed her eyes. "I didn't choose them. My country didn't choose them. This was decades ago, decades. We..." She burped and tasted vomit. "We couldn't know. No one could. We couldn't tell what an alien would find important. There was everything on there, as wide a scattering as people back then could think of. People saying hello in dead languages. A picture of a street. A perfect circle. It wasn't meant to be a joke." She sighed. "Maybe it would have been one anyway."

"Forgive me for asking," the alien said, after a moment's silence. "But you are bearing live young, correct? You are going to reproduce?" 

"Yes," she said, and ran one hand across her belly and faintly smiled. "A girl. She's going to grow up knowing that we aren't alone in the universe." The alien was an arrangement of limbs and struts, a radio tower stretching above her, and craning her neck up to look at it she could almost imagine the sky. "Whatever happens from now on. Whatever you decide to do with us now." Her stomach heaved and she doubled over and vomited all over the alien's legs. "Fuck," she said, and wrinkled her nose at the smell. She looked up wearily. "Well, I'm sorry for that." 

It flicked its legs through the puddle of vomit, the little white bubbles already fizzing up to eat it away. "It's funny," it said. "Once we received your message, we believed we had found fellow intelligent life in the universe. We believed we had found a message sent to us from the stars, communicating a great and vital truth." The record floated up and eclipsed its face. "And instead we got you." 

Xiang wiped the sour taste from her lips. "It's funny," she said, and closed her eyes. "I don't know if I'm ready to be a mother." 

"We're accidents, all of us," came the alien's voice. "Abiogenetic absurdities left searching for meaning. Your species, uncertain of whether or not it was alone in the universe. The near-hopeless attempt at communication. What could you say that an alien intelligence could interpret? Even the most earnest expression of meaning you could muster ran the risk of being so much white noise, unintelligible and useless to the universe at large." Xiang heard a record scrape into motion. "We took your message in the spirit in which it was intended." There was a certain lilt, a teasing anticipation in the alien's voice. "Now that you've met an advanced intelligence, would you like to hear the meaning of life?" 

Xiang felt a smile spreading across her face. "Sure," she said. "Let's hear it." 

The record spun on, and the music began to play. 

