The DM, Dave, smiles.  "All right, ready for today's session?"

The players nod.  They spent the entire week getting ready for this event.  One of them speaks up, "Yup.  Alex's got the binding rituals, Barry's on the summoning rituals, and I've got the security spells up and running.  We're ready for..."  Clive pauses dramatically, "Real.  Ultimate.  *Power*."

Alex chuckles.  "Yeah, we damn well are, after the hell you put us through.  Getting the Republic on our side, getting the town to make the temple - damn, didn't expect to have to make that park nearby to keep them satisfied, getting the crap load of precious metals and gems - it took a while.  But we're here."

Dave smirks - never a good sign - but the players take it lightheartedly.  Barry, the number-cruncher, pushes a sheet of paper forward.  "Here's the plan, step by step."

Dave looks it over, and nods.  "Seems solid.  I'm going to need some spellcraft checks, of course."

"Of course."  The sound of dice clattering across the table summoned the fickle gods of probability, the prayers of those assembled going out to them.  They would swear by this event as a momentous occasion.  Summoning, critical success.  Binding, critical failure.  Safety, critical failure.  DM/divine intervention - the last ditch efforts to prevent a total party kill - failure.

Dave frowns, and as those around him continue to rant and rave at their so called gods, he puts away the folder in front of him detailing the power's each would receive, and pulls out a slimmer one.  "Didn't expect to use this one, but it was a fun thought experiment.  Guess the level of screwed you guys are.  Nah, don't bother, you're pretty fucked."

Barry calms down first.  "Well, we pretty much killed the town, didn't we?"

"Well, not yet.  You have a few rounds before shit really hits the fan."

Alex demands, "How many is a few."  He groans as Dave pulls out a d4.  "Fuck."  The dice rolls a one.  "Double-fuck."

Clive looks at Dave.  "What on earth can we do?"

Dave shrugs.  "You did bring extra character sheets, right?"

"God damnit.  So there's nothing we can do?"

"Assess the situation?"

"OK, I assess the situation."

"Roll perception."

"15+15, 30."

Dave takes a deep breath.  "So, you each had a part to play in the failure.  You summoned a tremendously powerful spirit of fire and earth, yeah, and utterly failed to bind it or protect the temple from it.  It's currently sitting pretty pissed off down there, and it's getting pissier.  And a round has passed...  Sooo, now take 30 hp damage as an explosion rocks you."

Alex yells, getting angry now.  "What the hell was that?"

Dave shrugs.  "It's loose now.  Or at least, it's effect is.  That was the temple roof coming off.  And the temple is on fire, specifically the altar."

Alex yells again, "The altar is - "  He's hushed by Dave.

"Yes, made of some of the most dangerous things you could've used.  Yup."

Barry has meanwhile pulled out his list of in-game contacts.  "We need to get help with this, fast.  Contact the townsfolk, and then the capital."

Alex frowns.  "We're so dead."

Dave looks at another sheet.  "Ah, yeah, about that.  Everyone, as long as you're nearby the temple, take 1 point of constitution damage."

"Just one?"

"Oh, per round."

"Mother fu..."

----- One break for pizza and drinks later... -----

Dave sits back down, after the discussion they had over food.  "OK, so the temple is no longer on fire, but you've killed the firefighting force for the surrounding area."

Clive shakes his head.  "I'm glad we got their help, but damn, this isn't going to be good."

Dave looks at him.  "You've been practically chanting that since we put in the pizza order."

Barry frowns, and asks Dave for clarification on his previous point, "Literally, or figuratively?"

"Literally."

Clive sighs.  "Yeah, I have, cause we're pretty fucked."

Alex has been leafing through his notes.  "Well, it can't get much worse...  Aww, Dave, Dave, Dave, don't look at me like that.  Don't you dare look at me like that."

Dave looks down at his folder.  "Roll Knowledge geography."

"18."

Dave looks up.  "You know about the local terrain, and what is underneath it, and you think you've got a few days to get this under control, before it explodes, throws a large chunk of the Republic's prime farm land into ruins and spread a black plague over the world.  Already, this area needs to be evacuated."

Clive sighs again, and looks to Barry.  "You got a list of contacts we can ask for help?  I'm kinda stumped here."

Barry pulls out a sheet of paper.  "Foreign, or Republic?"

"Both.  Any."

Alex frowns, "Damn, if we weren't running a good-aligned game..."

Dave nods.  "But you are."

Alex nods, "But we are...  Any hits, Barry?"

"Um, yeah, given the scope of this.  The Republic is gonna want to cover this up, but there's no way that'd work - this is way to big.  Let's start trying things."

-----

Alex throws up his hands.  "OK, the clergy says we can't stop it, the wizards say we can't bind it, the druid's can't buy us time cooling this, but the lot did tell us we don't have to worry about an explosion.  It's still puking poison into the air, and our own characters are pretty much fucked stat-wise.  The Republic is having a shit time with this, so that's kinda a double edged sword there."

Clive screws up his face.  "Double-edged sword?  How the hell is having the Republic pissed with us a double-edged sword?"

Alex shakes his head.  "I meant the stats.  These character's are probably gonna be dead before anything they can do to us can happen."

Clive sighs.  "Hooboy."  He turns to the DM, "Dave, can we keep our levels for the new characters?"

Dave looks at him.  "Yeah.  Heck, I'd even give you a level up if you can solve this problem."

"I don't wanna go back to starting levels.  You guys?"  The table shakes their heads.  "OK, so we can't freeze it, we can't stop it..."  Clive looks up at the ceiling and mouths an idea silently.  He snaps his head down.  "But we can bury it."

The flat 'what' that followed was one of the moments that a player lives for - when a harebrained idea that just might work is met with by the stunned silence of horrified realization.  Clive smiles, as he elaborates.

"We still have a few tricks.  We fly above it, far enough not to die, close enough not to enrage it, and pour on earth, iron, cement, anything we got.  Make this little creature a nice tomb.  Heck, in a few years, when it's safer, we even make a proper sarcophagus."

Alex looks at him with a screwed up with contention.  "What, make it a plot point for some future adventure?"

Clive's smile borders on the manic.  "Yeah!  These characters, they're all dead anyway, so why not?  We ain't got any better solutions, do we?  Barry?"

Barry has pulled out the rule book and his calculator - a sign that something was up.  He looks up and smiles.  "It'll take a while, in game, but it'd work."

Dave clasps his hands behind his head and whistles.  "Wow.  You guys figured something out."

Clive looks at him, a look of confusion suddenly on his face.  "Wait, you didn't have a win-condition for us?"

Dave shakes his head.  "You summoned what you thought was a peaceful, tiny power, and got a near diefic power of death and destruction.  I figured it was game over for this setting.  I'm surprised.  Level up - well, roll up new characters first.  All y'all are dead in a few weeks."

Alex pipes up.  "Wait, so we save the town?"

"No, the town of Tributary is now death-lands.  But the Republic is safe-ish.  And you made a permanent mark on the world's history."  He shrugs.  "Not the best, but hey, sometimes a whole lot of things go wrong at the same time.  You made the best of it."

Barry hands the sheet of calculations proving the plan would work to Dave, who looks it over, nodding.  He asks, "So, where can we set up the next characters?  I kinda want to try something a bit more political in this setting."

Dave looks up, and taps his chin.  "Um, sure, if you want to try dealing with the Union for a while."

Barry looks to Alex and Clive.  "Game?"

"Game."