The voice chanted, like a mantra. "I know you're listening. I know you're listening. I know you're listening."

I nonchalantly looked around at the press briefing, trying to spot the mind-blinder they had running to smother people like me. The temptation to Find them - just a tiny teasing probe here or there - was strong.

First rule of the psychic assassin: don't probe if you don't want to get caught; if they're psychic too, they'll know who and what you are instantly.

The reporter next to me stood up, pushed back her glasses with a finger, and spoke boldly. "Madam President, is it true that an agency has splintered off the NSA to secretly capture and use psychics for government use?"

Clearly, the president had been prepared for that one as she fielded it smoothly. "Even if such an absurd claim were true, I wouldn't be able to answer it. If my friend from the Guardian can't figure out why, perhaps look up what the NS stands for in NSA."

"IknowyourlisteningIknowyou'relisteningIknowyou'relistening..." It had picked up speed now, blurring together in a seamless wall of thought that made it almost impossible to think, much less to hazard a use of my abilities. It was only when I noticed the outside silence and the entire room staring at me that I realized I had my hand up and apparently had just been called on.

Flushing, I sprang to my feet. "Madam President, how do we know psychics are real? Hundreds of scientists have challenged the study for issues ranging from insufficient sample size, findings that border on the edge of statistical aberration, questionable-to-faulty data collection-"

I caught her slight smile and knew she was waiting for that one too.

"Apparently someone didn't do their homework," she said, smiling condescendingly. "I know journalistic standards are pretty low nowadays, but surely you could at least check YouTube and Wikipedia."

I flushed deeper, the chant sprouting a headache somewhere deep in my brain. I was oddly grateful for the titter of laughter that followed her comments as it gave me an out for my involuntary grimace of pain and annoyance.

Second rule of the psychic assassin: you're just like everyone else.

"That video could have been faked; some insider who rigged the lottery drawings then-"

"Didn't your network just run a headline about 'The Threat of Psychic Terrorism' last week?" she said, quirking an eyebrow.

"Yes, but that wasn't-"

"Next question."

Frustrated, embarrassed, and feeling the buried nail of a migraine hammering into the base of my skull as the chant sped up and intensified further, I stormed out of the room. A few pitying or amused looks followed my from my fellows, but I ignored them, all I could do to not run from the press room towards the nearest bathroom.

Half-way down a hallway, I caught a glimpse of a figure behind a quickly closed door down the hall just past the press room - a young man with untidy hair rocking back and forth in a chair, his fingers tapping together rhythmically. As the door closed, the chant softened oh-so-slightly.

The bathroom was far enough away that the chant had faded to a low hum, buzzing like a hovering mosquito. I splashed water on my face and took deep breaths, clearing my head.

I'd just turned off the faucet when the door opened, a clean cut man in a suit that screamed TLA - Three Letter Agency - taking a station at a sink down the counter. I caught the faint tremor of his hands as he produced a small bottle of painkillers from an inside jacket pocket. He glanced at me as I walked past towards the door, then looked down as he spilled a couple pills into his hand.

"Tough room," he said, perhaps in consolation.

"You have no idea," I said, darting the briefest flicker of thought into his mind.

He spun instantly, eyes widening, the pill bottle falling as he reached for the shoulder-holster under his jacket. My pen slammed into the side of his neck and I half-way through the door before his thrashing body even hit the floor.

"Then again, maybe you do," I said softly as I left.

It was only when I'd passed back through security and was safe in a cab that I breathed again, sinking into the seat.

Third rule of the psychic assassin: your power grows the less of you there are.

0.5% is far, far too many.