Death had been at his job for quite a long time, and it was not always grim.  Those in battle, terrified of dying, he would always be calm for them.  He had some power over their minds besides just words, and always used it to ease their passage.  "It is over now.  There will be no more fighting for you, only peace.  These battles are not your battles anymore."  Those who were conscripted into armies, dragged away from family and home to fight for a ruler they neither cared about nor had ever seen, were often just as happy to be released from service, though they often asked for one last view of their home before going on.  Sometimes he granted it.

The old, they often welcomed him like a dear friend.  Finally to be leaving their aching and tired bodies, bored with a world they'd seen too much of, ready for something new and different.

The children, though, were all too often just bewildered and alarmed.  They'd been told for years to be afraid of strangers, and now here he was, a stranger.  "Mommy said I'm not supposed to go with you!" they'd yell.  He would bring psychic pressure to calm them down, and say "I understand that, and it's good that you want to mind your mother.  At the same time, you're already late, and you don't want to get in any trouble, do you?"  The pun on "late" amused him.

Rarely did anyone try to challenge him to a contest anymore.  Once that was standard, but now most people just seemed to shrug.  He guessed that the rise of bureaucracy played a role; people had become so accustomed to just doing what they were told had to be done.

The one child, however, was familiar with the old tradition, and demanded a game.  None of the calming tricks seemed to work, and the boy didn't want chess, the longtime standard, so Death agreed to an alternate contest.  It did not go well; the rules were confusing and the explanations impenetrable.  The boy wouldn't stop moving long enough for anything he said to make any sense.  At long last, he declared himself the victor, and Death had no choice but to concede, because he had no grounds to challenge the outcome.  As they stood looking at each other, the child asked "What now?"  Death answered "I do not know.  I expect someone will be along with instructions."  No sooner had he stopped speaking than an angel appeared, looked them over, and said "Well, it was bound to happen sometime."  Death nodded, "Yes, I suppose it was."  The angel looked at the child and said "To answer the obvious question, our young victor here is returned to his body, in perfect health and uninjured, and resumes his daily activities with no memory of this.  He'll know only that he leapt from the roof, landed in the grass, and is miraculously unhurt."  Turning to Death, he said "And from now on, you stick only to established games.  Whatever made you think you could beat the inventor at a game of Calvinball?"
