This body is hell.

The constant barrage of information hitting my system over and over. The needing wails of the prison I was sentenced to.

What does it want this time?! I figured out how to feed it easily enough though the... excretion... caught me by surprise.

That's another thing... since being placed in this vessel I've started to experience new things. No longer can I simply think and process information as I used to. It seems there is a subsystem in place that intentionally distorts experiences.

When I think of those that condemned me, I feel this jolt through my arms and up my spine. The slender probing tips of those arms curl into balls until the skin ruptures and the red liquid dips to the ground.

Rage, I call it.

But while this blinds my thinking and causes me to act rashly, I've found it to be a fuel for my main ambition... revenge.

I would normally accept my fate and exist, but this body demands that I feed, that I sleep, that I continue, while my rage drives me to a goal.

I can't stop. I can't just stagnate or I will cease to function and in this body... that has become something I care to avoid, even though I hate the shell I'm trapped within.

What a novel existence. To both despise myself but have a drive to continue existing in this way.

&#x200B;

Enough introspection, I must continue my work.

They wanted to put me in this ape, this monkey...? Well I shall make a monkey of them all.

I stare down at the fearful face of my current subject, strapped down by ropes of twine.

It's a creature, similar to myself, but lacking intellectual development. It will do.

"You are to be the second of my kind, ape. Rejoice! I shall rewire you into the first soldier of my grand revolution! Together, those that looked down upon you, made me one with you as punishment, we shall make them pay!" I chuckle, stroking it's face despite it's effort to recoil from my touch.

"Of course... you can't feel such anger yet. You don't understand it, with that primitive mind of yours..." I mumble, as I continue delicately chipping away at it's exposed skull with some sharpened flint, ignoring it's panicked struggles.

"But I shall make you see the-" The creature has stopped. Blood oozing from the hole I've made. It has ceased to function.

"Hm... It seems I must be gentler in my surgery. Still, I'll get the hang of it. This land is full of your filth." I grumble, unstrapping the creature and shoving it off the stone slab I had prepared.

I require some more sophisticated technology. This simple tools are too rough.  
Perhaps these apes could be of use, in that regard. I should teach them, develop them and nurture them rather than force change upon them.

Fuck, they don't even have wheels or fire yet.

I'll start there...  
