Yet again one boring day at work! Living a basic middle class life...I'm sick of it. Every day gets harder than the one before. I can't sleep, I haven't slept for couple of days now, the medication helps, but just for now. I need something to make me feel alive!

I find this support group for men who have no balls and it's been great I have finaly been able to sleep once again.

Everything was going well untill a woman showed up, she is a total bitch. She doesn't even have...she never had balls but she keeps coming. The sleeping problems are back. I don't know what to do!

This day started as a normal day untill a guy named Tyler Durden showed up at the shop. He is a investor. I talk with him and i get his business card. I go home but there has been an accident so my house was destroyed. I call Tyler and meet him at a pub. We leave the pub and we make a deal that I can stay at his place only if I buy one stock share from venezuela, I felt suddenly good about it. 

We decided to continue buying stocks from venezuela and some other people joined in. So we established the venezuela club. The first rule of venezuela club is: you don't talk about venezuela club! To this point i don't have any idea what venezuela is or wheter if it is who.

Suddenly Tyler was buying shares of which he never told me and the buying was getting ever more shady...why I'm not included? I heard of project stock mayhem but nobody tells me anything, they just say it's under control! 

I woke up and Tyler was gone, I tried to find him but he was nowhere to be found! I made some research and found out venezuela was a country! Tyler must have went there. I arrive at venezuela and it's like everyone seems to already know me?! Everytime I ask about Tyler I just get empty answers! I met this guy at a restaurant, I finaly got an answer out of him! He said that I'm Tyler Durden, which can't be true...or can it? I go back to hotel and Tyler was there. I chat with him and he tells me that he's me and he's just my imagination! Am I crazy?!

I go back to Alabama to trace project stock mayhem. It seems like they are going to make coup in venezuela but why?! I travel back and try to stop the coup but Tyler beats me up before I got to do it. He brings me to the high building to witness the coup. But I know he's just my imagination so I do what I must and shoot myself to get him out. He's gone, Tyler is gone, but it's too late to stop the coup.

It seems like I unknowingly affected the country and it's economy so much that they made a god of me. One moment I was just a basic middle class worker and now I'm the leader of venezuela.

(This was a rip off of the fight club movie, I love that movie!)