It was not my feet that carried me to the clouds. It was my soul. I felt the light of the heavens on my face, and the warmth of the sky greet me. I was home.

I was dead.

I set foot upon the heavens and chuckled to myself. I could see the pearly gates in the distance. It was real. Heaven was real. The gates were far, but each step I took carried me twenty times further. With each step I took, they neared, and the white glory that I thought awaited me dimmed. I could not think why that was so, what would be different from my expectations. Heaven was supposed to be beyond imagination, so why did I feel as though I had set my sights too high? My last step carried me to the gates themselves, and I knew why.

Every one of the twelve gates, each carved from a single pearl, was black with soot. Most of them were cracked, but a few had been torn apart. The keeper of the keys to the kingdom, Saint Peter, was not in his hair. It lay empty alongside the first gate.
I didn't know what else to do. I stepped through the gaps and into heaven.

I was greeted by a corpse. It was something vague, like I couldn't quite look at it. It had four heads, the centre of them all was mounted on a flaming spear. A warning for the dead. Stay out.
I had nowhere else to go. I walked onwards.

I saw a heavenly angel on an altar on a hill of clouds. It lay across it, wings dead and body blackened. The altar's fire had ceased long ago. The angel was dead, and had been dead for a long time.

Eventually, after seeing countless bodies of light of the angels strewn across the heavens, I came across the throne itself. That place where god would sit. It was empty, black, and cracked. The corpse of something lay in front. I didn't know what. It seemed like nothing and everything at once. I didn't want to look at it, for fear that I would see nothing. Or perhaps for fear that I would see everything. I knew it my soul that it was god.

Had we done this? Had humans killed him? I remembered the thing at the gates, its head mounted on a flaming spear. It couldn't have been us. Of course not. We were below, on the soil. Humans could not kill god. Lucifer? No. If it was him, why was the earth not burning? Why was man, whom he hated so, still alive?

I stood there for a countless time. I didn't know. I lost track. It could have been days or millennia. Eventually, the answer came to me. It was nothing that I ever could have thought of. Above, the skies of the heavens themselves split. Something descended. It was similar to the something that lay in front of me, but different. It was a god of another make. A sibling to the one that was dead.
It did not speak, but my soul felt its words. It told me to leave, but I could not. I remained, frozen by the body of my lord.
It told me that they came. "We". Fires rained down on heaven. All of the lord's heavenly creations burned. Heaven was not to be. This god of another make, and others like it, agreed that eternal life was forbidden. It removed the meaning of mortality.

It told me that god was dead, and that was good. It told me to move on. To live on as something else. My soul would become more. A blade of grass, a honeybee, a human. Heaven was gone.

God was dead, and the heavens were empty.