"Morning," I yawn, tears of exhaustion at the corner of my eyes.

"Good morning, Doctor," The receptionist says with a thin smile. "The system had a bit of a hiccup earlier this morning, so the internet is down. The boys in the back are saying that nothing was lost, though."

"Nn? Well damn. There goes my plans of hiding in the broom closet and watching Netflix all morning."

He laughs, shaking his head as I walked past his desk, tapping my ID card to the security terminal. "The intern is on her way back with coffee," he informs me as I walk away. 

"Lovely. Dont send them to the broom closet,"

"I'll be sure to tell them," he calls as I leave his cone of vision.

I pass by open plan offices of some of the lower workers, more invested in selling the products of the company than the work it was doing. Offering witches homes with no ground level doors so they could just fly in, designing massive new copper brushes to help a dragon shed its skin, completely redesigning a city to add water ways for mermaids and other such waterfairing folk.

I get into the elevator and tap my ID to the terminal again. I didn't need to press any buttons, as my card was keyed to my proper floor.

The doors opened to a dimly lit corridor, strip lighting at ankle height was the only source of illumination. I pass by several grey, prison-like doors, whistling faintly.

"Doctor," a voice whispers faintly behind me, breathy and deep. "Welcome home, I missed you dearly."

"Ms.Bella," I say aloud, not slowing my pace as I walk down the hall. "I was only gone for six or so hours. Enough to shower and sleep some."

Behind me, a beautiful and tall woman stood, with hair as black and glossy as a raven's wing and eyes as green as s granny smith. At first glance, she seemed younger, early 20's but no older, but the longer you stayed near her, the older and wiser she seemed. An air of ancient knowledge surrounded her, and she seemed to look at everyone, regardless of age, as though they were mere children.

"Still, its six hours without you," she purred, floating behind me as her billowy black skirts drifted around her body, as if she were submerged. They swished, brushing up against my coat as she swung around to face me. Her hand reached for me, brushing against my neck and tilting my chin up so I was looking directly at her. "I missed you, darling."

Darkly painted nails, as hard as talons, almost scratched the soft flesh of my throat. I started at her, unflinching and unafraid. "...Nothing. It was a good effort though."

Her beautiful and comely face screws up into a scowl. "Drat!! I could feel it working, too!! Ugh, please tell me I'm getting better at least, Doctor." She sighs, flopping and hanging in the air limply.

"You're making good progress, Ms.Belle. You are getting up there in years, so it's only natural that your magic is starting to fade. We're trying all that we can to keep you going." I assure her. "The fact that you're still floating even after you've stopped trying to kidnap me is a good sign."

"Lovely, I can avoid broken glass in a carpet," Miss.Belle says dryly. "I'm not a witch if I cant use magic! This sort of half existence between human and witch is tearing me apart!"

"The treatment of magical rejuvenation is still experimental, but its promising." I say simply, shrugging. "Now, if you could return to your room, I'll be there soon."

"Yes doctor," she groans, her heels tapping on the linoleum floor before she trudges off to her room.

This was the research ward. All sorts of uncommon ailments were being researched and treated here, Ms.Bella's loss of magical powers was just one of many.

The immortal vampire with an intolerance for most types of blood, which just recently developed (and by recently, he means within the last two hundred years or so) was undergoing an extensive allergen test to see what was making him break out into a skin rash. The young Harpy girl who was abandoned at birth as most harpies are, with underdeveloped flight feathers was being researched for the sake of gene therapy, so no other harpy child would go through what she has. The werewolf who was somehow stuck between human and wolf form due to an unknown sickness or curse was being taken care of until he could be cured.

But, by far my favorite patient was The Nothing.

It was the sort of unknowable being that lesser men in centuries past would worship as a God. It hadnt been checked in, it had simply appeared and asserted itself in one of the empty rooms. I doubted very much that no mortal man could open the door, but I, at the very least, could still hear it. Its voice, resonating and booming yet somehow absolutely silent, murmured directly into my head and shook my bones, the same feeling as standing right next to a massive speaker with a boosted bass song playing. It made my knees tremble and my spine shiver.

I stopped infront of the door, marked as an employee access only broom closet so no unsuspecting interns or visitors would wander in. The door clicked, and slid open. "The internet is down," I announce into the empty room. "So that means Netflix is unavailable, but I did download some episodes of a show I think you might like. Give them a try, you might like it." I say, pulling out my phone and throwing it into the room.

The second my phone crosses the threshold of the doorway, it disappears. It's as if theres a vertical pond in the doorway, it dips in and not five seconds later, its thrown back out. I check, and all the episodes I predownloaded have all been watched, and the battery is close to 0%.

"I'll get back to you when the internet is back up," I tell the Nothing, closing the door. "Be careful with the next creation, alrighty? See you soon." 

The Nothing doesn't respond, the door closes in on darkness.

The show I'd given it had chimeras in it. No doubt that they would appear soon, and everyone would proceed with life as if chimeras had always been there. When it first appeared, a dark and empty void in the room, I'd peered too close to it with my flashlight on my phone. It had snatched away my phone, on which I'd downloaded a movie about a witch. Two days later, Ms.Belle had come to us about her magic loss and I knew how to help her.

The Nothing was odd like that with it's creations.

--

For infrequent updates, more stories and a cleaner version of this, please visit my wordpress blog!

https://dellamacdonaldwriting.wordpress.com