I have multiple names - starting from the chosen and ending with the reaper. But there was one name that was most used - an assassin. I had a general idea why I was called that, but for me, it didn't make any sense. The only thing I had ever killed was my pet, and even that was an accident.

"I wonder if I ever meet that assassin. I bet he's beautiful," Rose said out loud, while Sarah just released some weird sounds from her nose.

It's interesting how life works. Long-long time ago, people used to die in one way or another. There was sickness, there was aging, there was death. But then, one autumn day it stopped. People stopped aging, and there was no more death. There's a reason why they think that it was that day when humanity's life changed, and quite literally. No matter what happened to someone, they didn't die. 

Car accident and someone was cut to pieces? Still alive and patched up.

Plane accident? They were cooked, but still alive.

You went for a really long swim and breathed in water? You might have lost consciousness, moved around with a current for a long time and felt terrible, but one day you'd still wake up at the shore, alive.

First, it was a blessing, but soon it became a curse. The population grew so large, that if you did something wrong, you could be sentenced to eternal life imprisonment - and quite literally. If a long time ago they gave you food while at the prison, nowadays they just give you a small cute spot and lock you down... forever.

The world has become something wicked and sick. It comes without saying that having children is something illegal. Most people can't have those either way, but well, I was born.

I might be literally the last human who was born.

And then there's that - for some reason, I can kill... What the fuck?

"Jimmy!" Rose finally shouted, gaining my attention.

"Yeah?" I responded and looked at my sister. "What does old geezer like you want from me?"

"I'm only 50, thank you very much," Rose said, cheeks full of air.

"Sounds like an old geezer age. But don't worry, you still act like a child," I said, giving off an evil grin.

A long sharp kick into my stomach and I was coughing "What the fuck, mom?"

"Jimmy, don't be rude," Sarah said, as she was drinking her coke. "We have this delightful occasion, let's enjoy it, alright?"

"You could have killed me," I said. Sarah's eyes flashed. "Very funny," she whispered. 

When I killed my pet, my mom had posted everywhere about it. It was something that was considered impossible. But it became such a huge hit that it was a miracle that nobody found out that it was me. Even my sister, Rose, didn't know that the person she loves so much is sitting in front of her.

"Everybody, put your hands up," a shout came from afar. Some people were frightened, while others didn't show any emotion.

"Really, robbery?" an older looking man asked. "You're plenty of decades late, pal."

"It may not kill you, but I can still cause you a lot of pain," a man shouted and walked quickly towards the cashier. "Give me all your food! Now!"

"Sir, please, you're disturbing our custo-"

"You're not taking me seriously, are you?" the man interrupted and looked at the cashier. After quickly glancing around, he walked to us, grabbed Sarah and pulled her away, pushing gun against her temple.

"Will that wake you up?" the man roared.

I barely registered what had just happened. I stood up, quickly. "What the fuck are you-"

"SHUT UP! All I want is food, and I'll go!"

Did I mention that the biggest problem in the world is food shortage because of overpopulation? I was born in a decent family so I can enjoy it, but not many can. And if someone doesn't feed themselves for months, things can get crazy.

"Take my food," I shouted. "Just leave her alone!"

The man smiles. "I'm gonna take all of your food anyway," he murmured and then looked back at the cashier. "Now, get me all your burgers!"

The cashier sighs. "We can't do that. I'm sorry."

You see, after some time when people discovered they cannot die, many became fearless. And thus essential things, such as food, became more valuable than some pain.

I started sweating. "Just give him the food," I shouted.

"Sir? Please calm down and take your seat. The police are arriving soon, and we'll take-"

"Give him the food!" I repeated.

"Nobody takes me seriously here? I guess I'll start with-"

I stepped quickly forward. Many are raising their eyebrows at me, not understanding why I'm panicking.

"Come on. Let her go. This is not worth it. You still-"

"Shut... the... fuck... up," the man told me, eyes a bit red, finger trembling, but touching the trigger.

"It's alright, Jimmy," Sarah tried to calm me down.

"Jimmy? What's wrong with you? You're talking as if she'd be gone," Rose laughed and looked at me. "Sit down. Enjoy that theater while you can."

Nobody understands. I have never killed anyone, and that's true... But when somebody dies near me, they stay dead. How else I got the name assassin? Why else I got the name Reaper? Why else people still believe that I exist?

"I will make this the worst fast-food restaurant ever," the man shouted.

"Stop it," I screamed.

A quick sound echoed throughout the room, and silence followed. 

Something like that doesn't happen. Usually, it's screaming from the victim, because it hurts. Other times it's people's laughter that quickly follows, and sometimes it's some mumbling how pointless it is.

But this time it was a silence. The man hand started shaking crazily as he looked at the gun.

Sarah was motionless, but it wasn't anything like losing consciousness since that's always noticeable. People understood when someone lost consciousness out of sharp pain. 

This was different.

"I," the man whispered, "I can kill." He started laughing.

But I looked up at him. "No," I said, gaining everyone's attention.

"I can kill," I muttered and took a knife from the table as my head was cocked a bit, temples were pulsing, and the other hand was in a fist. 

"Hello. I'm Death."

---

Damn, I haven't written so long that I wrote it so badly T_T.... Messed up all the tenses... Sigh. I hope you still enjoyed it =)!

/r/Elven - My sub.