It was just bad timing, I guess. Luck. Well, bad luck at least. I drifted through the the ruins of the Palatine Hill. Loved this place. This old city, she must have seen so much in her day. Then again, so had I. I'd lived a good life. Started a business, raised a family. I'd never had that much time to travel when I was alive. But now I drifted down past these ancient ruins, underneath the Arch of Constantine, and through the wall of the Flavian Amphitheatre, that mighty Coliseum. I hovered in the centre of it and imagined myself a gladiator. But I was no gladiator - I was a ghost. 

I remember the last thing I had done as a living man. Jessica, my sweet granddaughter - my first and only grandchild - had come with my daughter to see me at the hospital. Jack, of course, was not with them - we had never got on that well, but now he was running the business. He should have been spending more time with his daughter - but of course, I had the wisdom of age, and the very different set of priorities one has when one is dying. How had I appeared to sweet Jessica I wondered? A withered old man - practically a corpse - and yet, she had kissed my on the cheek and said to me, "I love you Grandfather Ben." 

Then I had passed on to this other world. Did I look the same now? I could not tell. I looked down where my hand should be, but there was barely a thing, only the palest wisp, like a distant cloud. No point searching for a reflective surface - they had not worked on me in 15,000 years. 

I sailed past the Temple of Venus and Rome, and swept like wind through the forum, gaining speed. Towards the hill I went, then directly into it - through stonework, rubble and the dirt. I was surrounded by the earth and it was dark, and cool, and begged me to stay.

I remembered when I awoke into this afterlife. The darkness of the casket had terrified me. I had reached out with my ethereal hands, swiping, gasping and groaning with dead lungs, but I made no noise and gained no purchase. And I had found myself rising, slowly, inexorably, through the dark earth, and out into the still night of the graveyard. For a minute, an hour, a day maybe, I had been terrified of the spectres all about me. Silently screaming, clutching at themselves, reaching out to me. We passed through each other and I felt cold. But I had not been able to deny it for long - I was one of them. I was not being haunted by spirits; I had joined their haunted world. 

Soon I noticed the others like me, the ones who did not seem to be driven mad by the death process. We lined up in rows to watch the Presidential Inauguration, intermingling with the still living, laughing our silent laughs. We nodded sagely to one another as we passed on the frigid slopes of Tibet. We smiled surprisedly as we encounter one another over the crest of a wave in the middle of the great oceans of the world. We were the travellers. 

And I got to see my grand-daughter grow up, of course. My son-in-law had done well with the business. Better than I ever could have imagined. What had begun as just another logistics company had grown, through clever acquisitions and an early mastery of automation, into a global behemoth. And my angel Jessica grew with it, a wealthy, world-known heiress, and then running the business herself. I was so happy to see her marry, to have children of her own, to spend time with them. So sad to see her own mother, my daughter, pass away - and to see her grief. Her pain. Her fear. "Don't be afraid" I had tried to whisper. But it did nothing. And she did fear death. 

By then Jessica was the only person left who had known me in life, and the only person who truly remembered me. I had noticed, of course, the significance of that. I had "ghost friends", of a sort. We traveled as a group. And so we noticed when someone disappeared. I saw it myself several times - one moment they were there, then suddenly they sank straight down into the ground and were gone. It was always very fast.Over time, I pieced it together. You only stayed on the surface as long as someone who knew you, really knew you in the flesh, remembered you. I knew I had been given a second chance - to travel, to watch my family grow. And that one day Jessica would pass into this ghost world, and I would fall through the earth, through the crust and the mantle and the core of pure fire, and would pass into oblivion. 

Only I didn't. She lived a long time - modern medicine truly was a marvel. And then lived longer, and longer. And longer. 

I was still in the earthen bank of the Capitoline Hill. For a moment, I thought perhaps I would stay in the hill, and find rest at last, with nothing but my memories in the darkness. But I felt that familiar rising as my ghostly form was dragged by some unknowable force back to the surface. Up, up it pulled me, and I arose from the very steps of the Altar of the Fatherland, looking out onto the Piazza Venezia. The brutal marble structure was built a mere hundred years or so before my birth, yet now had the same ancient feel as any of the old Roman temples. 

I willed myself upward, letting the momentum of my gradual rise pull me off the ground and into the air, even as I felt that same force now working from the other direction and dragging me down like the hands of demons at my ankles. It was a trick I had taken some millenia to perfect, and I could go quite high with this technique. I reached the level of the great statue of Victor Emmanuel, looking the old king, mounted on his mighty stone steed, dead in his eyes. I rose still, above the top of the monument. And there I stopped, with no more impetus to launch me upwards.

In the distance was the great silver tower of the Esodo, the final monument in this ancient city, greater than anything any Caesar could have imagined, thrusting up towards the stratosphere. I had seen things I could not comprehend. The immortalization of humanity. The great machines that could float through the air without any obvious propulsion. The towers taller than any mountain. The transformation of our people. 

There were, after a while, no more new ghosts. The new race - my Jessica among the first and eldest - had no more illness or death. I watched them transform their bodies through science, becoming winged, biomechanical angels. We, the dead, watched as they ascended their mighty silver spires, and then traveled on into the stars, leaving earth as a tomb, or a museum, or both. For a thousand years, this world was a world inhabited only by the last generation of ghosts. Too young to have been forgotten, but too old to have been immortal. Like I said, bad timing I guess. 

And then there was not even that. There was a day, so long ago I could not really count, when there were suddenly no other ghosts. Just me. 

It was dusk now in the centre of Rome. I floated, frozen, in the centre of the Piazza, surrounded by the great deeds of man. I had reached the lowest and highest limits the ghostly forces would allow me, and was confined again to the surface of the earth, destined to drift aimlessly as the sole caretaker of this desolate planet. I did not know what had happened to all those other immortals. What had caused them to die, or to forget. But I knew that somewhere out there was still Jessica, my angel - and that wherever she had gone, whatever she had become, she still remembered me. 