Flam, a plump little man, looked down at his bleeding body. Stabbed. In the back. An actual backstab! Those had been out of vogue for at least fifty years. The Assassin's Guild would hear of this. He looked up at the imposing figure beside him, it's billowing black cloak hanging on a skeletal frame. "So it's a game, yeah. For my life?"

"NOT CHESS." Death answered. "I CAN NEVER REMEMBER HOW ALL THE PIECES MOVE."

"Oh you know I prefer games of chance." Flam grinned, swaggering forward and fishing an old coin out of his pocket. "A gambler in life, a gambler in death. What do you say old pal, another flip?"

"YOU TIME HAS LONG COME. YOU SHOULD MOVE ON. THERE ARE RULES."

Flam had often been described as spineless, but now, actually sans spine, he felt a chill go down his. Death had always been a friendly sort. Morbid, but at the end of the day just a man doing a job. This tone was new, and frightening.

"Hey now, you have to give me a chance." He chuckled, the sound catching in his throat, and held up the old coin. "Fair's fair, right?"

Death stepped forward and a fell wind buffeted Flam's ethereal body. "I HAVE GIVEN MANY CHANCES. ONLY ONE IS DEMANDED." Then a long moment of silence, quieter than a tomb, before Death spoke again, "BUT. WHAT IS ONE MORE. YOU CANNOT ALWAYS WIN."

Flam would have breathed a sigh of relief if he had lungs. "That's the spirit pal!" He readied the coin, making a great show of apprehension.

"IN THE AIR."

"Of course, of course." Flam nodded. "Can't cheat you."

With a flick of his thumb Flam sent the coin whirling up into the air. Death's hood shifted as his gaze tracked the glittering coin.

"Heads."

The coin came down flat on the ground, showing off the shiny bald head of some king who died two hundred years before. Flam grinned and, after giving Death time to get a clear look at the coin, bent down to pick it up.

Death was faster, snatching the coin away in the blink of an eye. He rolled it between two bony fingers, studying both sides with an avid gaze.

Flam felt his heart stop, which is an especially frightening feeling when it is already stopped. He put a ghostly hand to his chest.

"BOTH FACES ARE HEADS." Death said.

Flam began to stammer. "W-well, you see..."

"YOU HAVE CHEATED ME. FOR CENTURIES." Death's gaze rose to meet Flam's.

"I-I can explain if you just..." Flam put up his hands and staggered back.

"THIS IS AGAINST THE RULES. THERE WILL BE CONSEQUENCES." Death strode forward, the fury of a thousand storms gathering around him.

"But I did call it..." Flam pointed out in desperation.

"UNLESS."

"Unless?"

Flam couldn't see Death's face in the shadows of that dark hood, but he sense a dreadful smile growing there. The sort of smile that gives psycho clowns nightmares and makes dentists shudder with horror.

"U-unless?" He asked again. And then there was darkness.

Flam awoke some time later. He felt warm and his heart was beating steadily. He tried to laugh, to give out a happy prayer to whatever gods were watching, put a curious sound came out instead.

"Meow."

Looking himself over Flam saw fur and paws. A tail swished near his rear. The buildings around stood huge and imposing over him.

A skeletal figure approached. Flam cowered back in fear as Death crouched down and scritched his widdle earsies.

"THE RULES ARE NOW SATISFIED. YOU HAVE TWO MORE."