Mr Whiskers, an orange tabby, lounged in the Florida sun. Ever since he was saved from the city streets and adopted years ago he enjoyed his owner's sunlit screened in patio. His ears twitched as the front door slammed signaling his owner's departure. He lept from his lawn chair and slipped through a hole in the screen hidden behind a potted plant. Although he loved his new life as a house cat he enjoyed a bit of adventure.

The yard beyond the pool was a sloping green lawn ending with a creek drifting through a small forest. On either side of his home were other houses. His fellow cats lived in houses beyond those. From the trees came a soft meow followed by two thumps. Marbles, a black and white calico, and Fluffy, a white and grey rag doll, landed in front of him. 

"What's up?" Marbles asked. Fluffy groomed her paw. Mr. Whiskers stared into the distance, "I assembled you all here today for a new challenge." Fluffy and Marbles glanced at each other. "The formidable Lizard Alliance has reorganized since the last attack." The lizard alliance consisted of the Anole lizards of Florida that liked to invade houses during the day to party and trash the place while owners were gone. He looked them in the eyes, "my home was nearly lost in the last attack. Let's pick up where we left off and protect our owner's homes!" 

A loud meow boomed through the woods and Pancakes, a large British shorthair waddled towards them. He came to a stop behind Marbles and Fluffy. He meowed, "Lizards approaching from the north!" Mr. Whiskers was unsurprised "excellent!" The four turned to see the approaching lizards. There were around four hundred of them. The Lizard Alliance had been partying all night in the woods and were looking for a nice house full of food and drinks to steal. The lizards chanted songs of battle as they approached. They were ready for another fight with these annoying house cats.

Mr. Whiskers launched into the air. He turned his head side to side shooting sharp whiskers from his cheeks. The whiskers scattered the lizards, but they repositioned themselves in three groups and began throwing rocks at the cats. "Go!" Mr. Whiskers cried as Fluffy and Marbles charged. Marbles spit marbles from his mouth while Fluffy used her soft furry tail to block the rocks thrown by the lizards. A stray rock hit Fluffy on her shoulder and Mr. Whiskers shouted "regroup!" 

The lizards began advancing slowly puffing up their necks in a display of color to ward off predators. They took bark off of trees to use as shields to block the marbles. Mr. Whiskers, Fluffy and Marbles moved behind Pancakes. Mr. Whiskers quietly said "steady. Launch!" And Pancakes sat on his hind legs with his front legs up and began shooting pancakes out of his front paws. A rapid fire of steaming pancakes flattened one group of lizards leaving two more groups. 

"Flying Sabortooth attack go!" Mr. Whiskers shouted the code name. Pancakes rolled over to lay on his back and Fluffy, Marbles and Mr. Whiskers used Pancake's belly to bounce into the air. Marbles and Mr. Whiskers shot marbles and sharp whiskers as the lizards tried to regroup around mounds of pancakes. Fluffy rolled into a ball as she neared the ground and crashed through any lizards still standing. Lizards flew through the air, ate steaming piles of pancakes or ran off. 

"Victory!" Pancakes meowed as he rolled over and sat up, grabbing himself a pancake to munch on. "Whoo hoo!" Marbles exclaimed. Fluffy brushed lizards out of her fur and purred. "Good job team", Mr. Whiskers said. His ears perked up, "the owners have returned!" Pancakes shoved the rest of the pancake in his mouth and mumbled, "See you tomorrow!" Marbles yelled, "catch ya later!" Fluffy meowed.

Mr. Whiskers returned through the hole in the screen as his owner came out the back door. His owner asked, "What have you been up to Mr. Whiskers?" He only purred in response.