The first time it happens, I’m saying, *no ketchup, please*, to the grease stained hot dog vendor on 50th, and the city goes silent. World’s biggest statue garden, and me, just wanting lunch. I take two cautious steps away from that boxed grill, shiny silver reflecting blurred halos of city light, staring as big-eyed as a small town tourist before the horns crack and the world starts again.

The guy with my food goes, “What gives, man? You want your dog or not?”

I say, “No ketchup, please,” but he looks at the dog in the bun, no ketchup in sight, and wrinkles his big bushy eyebrows. 

In the mirror at home, burping up mystery meat, I keep saying, *No ketchup, please.* Traffic is still busy outside. *No ketchup, please.* The lady in 4A is still arguing with her boyfriend or husband or drug dealer. I don’t really know these people. *No ketchup, please.* But, in the mirror, I’m still this soft lump of unshowered loser, time ticking on without me. 

Thing is, it happens again later that night. When my ma, crackling nagging voice brought to you from some beach town in California, stops talking. This was in the middle of asking *when are you going to get a real job?* Just after the question *are you seeing anyone yet?* I’m submitted to this caring, parental questionnaire every Friday at 9pm, regularly scheduled shame, my weekly life crisis, and the answers never change so I hardly listen any more. No, I still live in my shitty apartment. No, I haven’t been to Morton’s. No, I’m not seeing anyone. Yes, I’m still a lonely, jobless, nobody.

When she stops talking, my heart jumps. I'm starting to think about my poor dead mother, lying on some hard bed, surrounded by kitsch beachy decor and a great view of the ocean, all made-up and dressed-up even though she probably hadn’t left the hotel all day. 

But the traffic is stopped. The baby in 4C isn't crying. The yappy dog isn't yapping. So, I'm thinking, she's probably not dead.

Taking the only chance I'll ever get, all at once, I’m yelling, “Fuck you mom!” I’m screaming, my throat half-confused, half-excited to be making such a ruckus, I’m going, “I’m fucked up, Mom. I’m a failure, Mom.”

In one, big, pissed off breath, I say, “You’re a miserable old woman and you ruined me.” 

There’s a normal kind of silence on the other line. The sniffling, buzzing silence. Someone lays hard on their car horn, brakes squealing, all punctuated by incoherent shouting. If I hadn’t been so aware of the peace that stopped time brought, I’d say it felt like time, the world, had frozen around me. But it really didn’t feel that way at all. 

“You need to get out of that city,” my mom’s saying, stifling tears. “It’s made you into some kind of monster.” 

So I did. 

Time stops nowhere I wanted time to stop. In the middle of traffic, already at a stand-still, nothing happening. People aren’t cursing, or talking on the phone, or eating, or singing to their reflection. No one is dreaming of being anywhere else because time just...wasn’t. It stops while I’m in line for snacks at the convenience store, staring up again just as I’m making my escape. Goods in hand, I slink to the back of the line and wait all over again. Inconvenient. It stops in the middle of a sad late-night last-call bar hookup. No one looks good that way, frozen like that. 

It takes me the trip from New York to Colorado before I realise it’s not me. I’m not a masochist and, so far, time hasn’t been on my side. Somewhere, in India or Spain, you're fucking with me. Or, more realistically, you're robbing banks or causing trouble and I'm just caught in the crossfire. A casualty of poor timing. 

I’ll find you. I’m on a plane to Italy now, someone’s snoring grandpa (nonno, in Italian) taking up the middle armrest, and I’ll look for you. I’ve got a trust fund and all of the time in the world. I even showered, just for you. 

See you soon.


--------------------------------

5 June, 2017

I’m not sure what to do with this power, if I can call it that. It sounds almost funny to think of it that way, though. Like *I’m* a superhero. So far I’ve saved people only from humiliation or minor inconvenience, no burning buildings or car crashes, nothing warranting a spandex outfit. 

It’s just that I carry around toothpicks now, scratching out the chewed up meals from people’s teeth. Today, after getting some nice pictures of the Eiffel Tower with hardly any people in the background (I waited over an hour for the opening), I rescued a coffee from the roof of a car and placed it into the interior cup holder. 

I just want to make an impact. I guess, in a way, everyone is looking for that same sort of gratification. 

Until next time,

Melanie 

-------------------------------

Potentially TBC, depending on interest. More of my writing can be found at /r/edgarallanhobo
