I was going down the window. Fast. I wanted to get out, but i didn't really know where to. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw a brown-haired lady doing the exact same thing, mirroring my actions.

'Are you copying me? Stop copying me!' I proclaimed.

'I could say to you the exact same thing.'

She lightly dropped on to the ground, while I managed to trip over the sheets and fall over my feet. Consequently after, my head brazenly lurched to hit the ground. I groaned.

'Oh by the heavens, this is just not my day. If you didn't surprise me, I would've been fine!'

'Sure you would'

The lady was short and succinct, brief and almost uncaring and she offered her hand to help me up. However, her haughtiness and her quiet confidence made me feel intrigued by her.

'Who are you, anyway?'

'Jessica'. Again, another one-word response.

Hold on a second. Jessica? The Jessica? As in the Jessica I'm being forced to marry? Any intrigue I had was now mixed with a budding anger.

'Jessica? By my word, why are you even here out on this yard in front of my very being. This must be a joke, a cruel joke. You know who I am right?'

'I can safely assume who you are.'

'Aren't you mad, pissed?' The hot-headedness was travelling down all over my body. There was no way such a life decision was going to be made for me, with me feeling powerless to do anything about it.

'Why would I be? I've made my plan to leave, and so I shall'

'What, plan?' I felt confused, and probably looked it too.

'Yes. A plan to leave this place and live my own life.'

I gaped in shock, my mouth open. This time it was me who had no words. She had the exact same wishes that I wanted. Except I neglected to do the planning part.

'Well. Well, well, well. Is this a good plan? May I hear of it?'

'I'd say it's a decent one. I've booked a carriage, and I'm going west.'

Silence.

'Yes, and?'

'And what?'

I waited a while longer, before realising that nothing further was going to be said. That was it. That was the plan. A shoddy 1-step plan.

'Oh by the beard of beardly men, that's not a plan! How are you even going to get past the guards! What about the mess we'll create in our wake? There's so many things we have to consider!'

'Do you have a better idea?'

Silence, again. This time from me. I mustered some air to speak

'No...I guess not.'

'Wow.'

'Please.'

I pondered for a while longer, watching the sky. Perhaps maybe I could go with her, and escape to live my own life as well. What a fantastic dream of a life it could be, to make my own path and choose my own destiny.

'Hey Jess-'

She was already about twenty yards away.

'Oh by the most repugnant feet of old stinky witches, hold up!'