Seeing the other man's face, memories of the Last Great War flooded through Bill's conscience. He remembered, he finally remember who killed his entire squad with just 5 shotgun blasts. The other man, suffering from heavy PTSD, visualized Bill as the one that got away. Tom took off his barrel sleeves before the match started, much to everyone's dismay. The other man took his off also. A hail of paint shot all around the field, hitting children and teens.  After about two minutes, the men were completely unscathed. " Try to hit me next time you Son O' Bitch," Bill shouted. The other man pulled out his walking cane from his dirty Wrangler jeans. Bill reached for his walking cane that his grandson was holding. The two battle hardened veterans charged at each other at a pace similar to that of a shinobi. The two met at the middle of the field, both canes clashing against each other with devastating force. Everyone who hadn't fled the scene had watched in pure awe at the hidden powers were released from within the two veterans. Bill drew back and swung again, the other veteran did also. The resulting force broke both the canes in half. The world stopped rotating and drew it's breath to see what the men would do next. Bill began to take a step towards the veteran, but a large cramp swelled from within his hip. Bill clutched his hip and fell to the ground with a thud. As the veteran was about to deliver the final blow with his broken cane, his PTSD episode flared up again. He began swinging violently at nothing and speaking in a language similar to German. This continued for about three minutes until the veteran passed out. When the dust settled, 45 children and teens had to be taken to the hospital. 15 of those people needed eye treatment because paint splatter went into their eyes from being shot in the face. There was an estimated $3000 in property damages. But that didn't matter to Bill. He had finally done it. He avenged his fallen squads. Months later, as the judge asked him what led him to start a shootout, Bill stood proudly and said "I love my squadmates more than anything ma'am, and I love 'Merica with all my heart."