"OPEN THE DOOR JOHNNY!"

Shit. Fuck. Damn! What do I do?

"OPEN THE FUCKING DOOR!"

"I said gimmie a second Manny, I'm taking a shit bro!"

I start pacing around my apartment thinking about how to talk my ass out of this one. I was supposed to give Manny the money three days ago, but sales have been hard these past couple weeks, and the local college kids are complaining that my shit is making them sick. I thought it would be at least another couple days until Manny dropped by to collect. I still don't have enough. Fuck fuck fuck.

"JOHNNY, I'M COMING THE FUCK IN!"

"Hold on, I'm on..."       BANG!        The door flies off its hinges, and Manny walks in with two huge motherfuckers.

"Hey, my old pal, long time no see! I hope you don't mind that I brought two of my friends. Johnny, meet Jorge and Hugo."

"Nice to meet you?" No response, they seem as dumb as they are big. I can probably outrun them, but how am I gonna get out with their fatasses blocking the doorway.

"Okay lets cut the bullshit. Where the fuck is my money?"

"Listen Manny, I can explain."

"I don't need explanations Johnny. Just give me the money and everybody is happy. You know how this shit works Johnny, I get the molly from the boss, I bring you the molly, you sell it to whoever the fuck wants to get high, you give me the money, I give you a cut, and I bring the rest to the boss. You're happy, the boss is happy, Jorge and Hugo are happy, and most of all, I'm happy." Manny then lifts his shirt to show the pistol he has in his belt.

Fuck fuck fuck. I knew I was getting into some hard shit when I signed up for this, but a fucking gun??? I've been late with payment before, but Manny never pulled this shit on me. The big rockhead motherfuckers probably have guns too.

Tap tap tap.

"Listen Manny, just take what I have now, and I'll get you the rest after this weekend. You know how these kids eat this shit up over the weekends man. Just give me a couple more days."

Tap tap tap. 

What the fuck? That same fucking squirrel that's been hanging around my fire escape for the past week was tapping on the window. Manny and the idiots don't seem to notice.

"I don't have a couple more days Johnny, the boss wants the money now. And if you don't have the cash, I'm gonna have to bring your ass over to him. Don't make me do that Johnny, you know how the boss is. I come back empty handed and it's me that gets a bullet in the head."

Tap tap tap.

Manny then turns to look at the window, clearly confused by the constant tapping.

Tap tap tap tap tap tap.

"What the fuck??? Hugo, take care of that rat."

Hugo starts walking over to the window. The squirrel is going fucking nuts at this point, and with one fatass away from the doorway, I see my chance. I shove Manny and manage to dodge Jorge's fat hands and run out the door.

"Catch the motherfucker!"

As I run down the last flight of stairs and out of the side entrance to the apartment, I reach into my car keys and come up empty handed. Fuck. My heart is ready to leap out of my chest as I start sprinting down the street. Those fatasses can't possibly catch me. Right?

I'm only halfway down the block when I hear the gunshots. CLAP CLAP CLAP. 

Five more steps then BAM. I'm face down on the pavement. The blood rushes out of my face as I look down and realize that there is a hole in my left calf. Fuck.

I look up to see Manny, Jorge, and Hugo put their guns away and get into their car.

"Hey fuckface! Don't go anywhere, I want you to check out my new ride."

Fuck fuck fuck. My leg is dead and I can barely crawl. Manny starts driving towards me.

I look around to see if anyone can help me, but living in the fucking projects means that the only people watching this shit have their phones out and are shouting worldstar from their apartment windows. 

Manny starts speeding up. It's clear that he has no plans to stop, and in about five seconds, the pavement is gonna be decorated with my blood and guts.

Four seconds.

Three seconds. 

Then out of the corner of my eye, I see the same fucking squirrel run in front of the car. Manny swerves to avoid it, with a look of confusion and shock, and slams straight into a traffic pole. Manny and Hugo are both launched out of the car and land in two separate heaps on the street, about ten yards from where there would have been a Johnny pancake had they not crashed. Jorge is hanging out of the windshield. They were fucked up, but still breathing.

What the fuck just happened?

I turn to look at the squirrel that saved my life. He's a bit bigger than most squirrels, and has a strange human-like quality to him. He starts walking over on his hind legs as I continue staring, confused as fuck.

He stops by Manny's body and lifts his shirt.

What the hell is going on? Is the fucking squirrel grabbing his gun? I blink twice and rub my eyes to make sure my eyes are working properly. Yep, that's a fucking squirrel holding a pistol...... Why the fuck is he pointing it at me?
