"I'm Aurora Mason for Channel 995, livestreaming today's archaeological discovery of an ancient religion! Sir, what can you tell us about today's find?"

"Well Aurora what we have here is a compilation of religious texts by many different prophets that detail an extensive pantheon of God-figures and their various stories. Among them being Men who are of Iron, Captains of entire countries, Hulks of various gender and colour, and many other interesting depictions."

"What exactly is a 'hulk'? For our audience?"

"It appears the Hulks were a large green creatures of immense strength who were considered dangerous by many. They're originally normal men or women but 'Hulk-out' in extreme anger. We're not sure, but its probable that the people of the early 2000s made sacrifices to these figures to appease them."

"What kind of sacrifices?"

"Ancient Ruins tell us many of these texts were projected, using bottled fire and thin strips of paper, onto large stone walls. Thousands would then gather in this temple and meditate for hours on the texts, often donating small peices of gold and silver to the temple chiefs."

"How interesting. What else can you tell us about these Gods?"

"Well like any ancient pantheon there was a great deal of infighting and romantic entanglements. There are as well many different interpretations of these beings, as apparently different prophets recieved different visions. In some, the Captain of the Americas is a figure of good, in others evil. Some Gods are just titles, handed from one figure to another. It really is a rich history, one I'm sure had many devoted followers."

"As far as you can tell, what happened to the people of this time?"

"Well as we all know this period of history is murky at best, as world war three started in the early 21st century, of course caused by, as far as we can tell, angry apostles of another religious text."

"And what was that?"

"Well there isn't much known about the Gods Rick and Mortimer, but apparently they were, somehow, 'Cancelled' and their followers rebelled across the globe. It was quite the bloodbath."