"Yeah, so I hear it's harder to make people go mad," the bartender says.

"Gurgle Gurgle Blah," a slightly drunk elder god says. 

"Politics ruin everything, man but how about we change the topic, your drink seems to be empty, want another one," the bartender hates talking about politics, he hated it in a normal bar and he hates it in this one.

"Gargle," the elder god says. 

"Nice choice, coming right up," the bartender says. 

He gets into his work mood, and that's when the magic happens, he shakes and makes drinks like no one from the center of reality to its edge. In the heat of the moment, he doesn't notice how the owner of the bar gets out of his office and seats down at a table looking at him. The drink is ready and the elder god gulps the weird looking liquid down; it helps him forget how he can't drive people mad anymore, and his cosmic bosses and his wife will scream at him. The bartender notices his boss

"Hey boss, didn't see you there, how's work?" he asks out of tact. 

"Nothing much, we're having a great week so far, all thanks to you," the boss answers carefully choosing his words.

"That sounds like a raise to me," the bartender adds eyeing the boss.

"We'll see," the boss adds trying to be as vague as possible. 

The elder god looks at them talk and wonder how two mere humans can be so calm at the edge of reality. He gets distracted when the door opens and cosmic horror of smaller rank comes in. They both cross eyes, the cosmic horror looks down first. At least he can still scare these low lives, the elder god smiles and offers that cosmic horror a drink, which he accepts humbly. The bartender nods to his boss and goes back to work. Both the creatures sit on the magic wooden stools and discuss some cosmic sport and the latest conquerings of their world. The speakers are set to minimum, and out of them cames a cacophony of sound, an old piece by an eldritch abomination.Mixing, the bartender is lost in his own world, the boss feels perfect at bay, this place is exactly what he wanted to own his entire life.       