It was six months ago when my life changed forever.  I had just gotten off work and was on my way to the subway when I noticed a man following me.  The streets were almost empty, a few other travelers passing by under the low glow of the street lamps.  The man kept his distance, but he seemed to locked onto me as I made my way down the sidewalk.  I turned down another street, then ducked into a shadowy alleyway, crouching down behind a dumpster.  I counted to fifty, then peeped my head out and looked towards the street.  The man was standing in the alleyway entrance.  He was tall, wearing a large jacket with the hood up covering his face.  Though I couldn’t see them, I could feel his eyes on me.

I stared up at him for a moment, frozen in fear, then turn and ran down the alley.  I didn’t look back, couldn’t look back, to see if the man followed.  I just ran, following the alley out to another street.  Suddenly I was blinded by lights as a large chemical truck came barreling towards me.  I tried to jump out of the way as the truck turned and slid across the street, then nothing but darkness.  I remember waking up a short time later in a puddle of some sort of blue chemical.  

I stood, holding my head in my hands.  It was pounding furiously, and I groaned.  Once the pounding started to subside, I looked at my surroundings.  The chemical truck lay on its side, the blue chemical I was laying in dripping from a large crack in the storage tank.  There were a few workers in bright yellow containment suits attempting to clean the spill.  I stared at them, then down at my blue stained clothes.

“Um, guys? Should I be concerned here?” I asked.  The workers ignored me.  I walked up to the closest one and waved at him.

“Hey there, dude!  What the fuck is going on?”

The worker stopped and looked up, then turned to one of the others.  “You say something, Jeff?”

“Nah man, why?”

“Thought I heard someone say something.”

“What did they say?”

“They just said hey.  It sounded like a girl.”

“So you thought it was me?”

“Shut up.”

The worker tilted his head back down and continued to mop up the chemical.  I just stood there, staring at them.  Could they not see me?  Confused, I turned away and started walking toward the blue police lights nearby.  There I found the truck driver giving his report to an officer.

“Look, I’ve already told you, I was coming down the road and this girl just ran out in front of me!  I swear I thought I hit her!  I slammed on breaks so hard I lost control of the damn truck and then it flipped, and Jesus I’m going to lose my job over this bullshit. “

“I’m sorry about that, sir.  Now, tell me again, what did this girl look like?”

“I told you!  I thought you were writing this shit down.”

“Sir, there is no need for the language.  I know we have asked this already, but we’ve done a search of the area and there were no signs of a hurt girl anywhere.  If you could give me the description, we can put out a search for her and find out what happened.”


“I’ve already told you what happened, but fine.  I only got a glimpse of her, but she looked kind of small, maybe around five-three, five-four.  She wore a black hooded jacket and one of those toboggan hats all the kids wear now a days.”

“Any other features that stood out?  Race, hair color, etc?”

“She was white, and she looked young.”

“Could you place an age?”

“I’d say she looked about twenty, twenty-two tops.”

“I’m twenty-four, asshole, and you almost killed me with your shitty driving!”  I yelled.

“Thank you, sir.  Please wait here a moment while I enter this information in.”  The officer turned and walked back to his vehicle.  What the fuck was going on?  I walked up to the driver, got right up in his face and stared into his eyes.  The driver stared back and through me.  I spat in his face.

The driver pulled his head back in confusion, then wiped at his face.  He stared at his fingers with disgust.  “What the fuck is this?  Did a bird just shit on me or something?”  He wiped his fingers on his jacket, then pulled a rag from his pocket and cleaned his face.  Terrified, I started to run.  What the hell is going on?  What is this shit all over me, and why can’t anyone see or hear me?  I ran for a long time until I found myself outside my apartment building.  I went inside and walked up the three flights of stairs to my apartment.  Once inside, I stripped and got in the shower.  The steam and heat comforted me, clearing my head and easing my headache.  I scrubbed myself clean, then got out and dried off.  I cleaned the steam off my mirror and found that I no longer had a reflection.

Now, I won’t say I didn’t freak out, because I totally did, but I feel I kept myself pretty well under control all things considered.  I only screamed for about ten minutes.  For some reason, even though my reflection was gone, I could still see my body when I looked down.  Pictures were out, though; same for video.  What was that blue shit in that truck, and how in the hell did it do this to me?

I tried to remember the name on the truck that almost hit me, but it was useless.  When I first woke up I was too groggy to really comprehend everything, and by the time I could I was already running home.  I tried to search the Internet for news stories relating to the accident, but I could find nothing.  It was like it never happened.  Unsure what to do next, I tried going to the hospital to get checked out.  That was a waste of time.  I ended up spending hours screaming at nurses, who went along business as usual.  It wasn’t until I lost my temper and threw a clipboard that they had any idea anything unusual was going on.

I had been following this one nurse back into a supply closet when I picked up her clipboard and threw it past her head at the wall.  This freaked the poor lady out, she started screaming about ghosts and ran out into the hallway.  I followed her, pushing another nurse out of the way.  She turned back in surprise at being suddenly shoved by apparently nothing, watching her coworker running away in fear.

I followed the nurse into her boss’s office, where she started to frantically tell her about the “ghost.”  I went over to the boss’s desk and picked up a notepad and paper.  The two ignored me, engrossed in their conversation, as I scribbled a message on the notepad and held it up in front of the boss’s face.  As I thought, she kept looking forward if nothing was there.  I let the notepad drop to the desk, which startled the two out of their conversation.  They stared at the notepad, then the nurse slowly reached forward and picked it up.  She read it aloud.

“I am not a ghost, you nitwit.  I don’t know what happened to me.  Please help.  I’m standing right beside you.”  The nurse and her boss looked at each other, then turned their heads opposite my direction, looking for me.  I sighed in frustration.

After that I spent most of my time walking around town, trying to get people to notice me.  My friends and family thought I went missing, and it hurt so much to see them in such pain that I stopped going by.  No use hurting myself for something I cannot fix.  My job replaced me, and my apartment was rented out to a nice old Chinese couple.  My key still works, so sometimes when they are not at home or asleep I’ll stop by for a quick bite or to watch some TV.  Don’t judge me, it isn’t like I can make any money to feed myself.  The fact that their couch was amazingly comfortable had no bearing on my decision to mooch off of them.  

So that was my life for a while until I met Rhiannon.  I was on one of my many strolls downtown when I bumped into her, literally.  This was strange in more ways than one.  The first being that people tend to form an unconscious bubble around me, so that they never bump into me, even though they don’t know I am there.  The second being, well, she could see me.  When we bumped into each other, we both let out a muttered “excuse me,” then continued walking.  After a few steps, I did a double take and turned around.  I found that she had done the same, and we stood staring at each other.  My skin began to crawl as I felt her eyes on me, and realized with horror that this was the first time anyone has seen me in months.  I must look horrendous.  

Rhiannon was the first to move, lifting her hand up to give me a little wave.  I waved back, shyly.
“Hey!  So, I see you’ve turned invisible as well.”
“It seems so, though you don’t look very invisible.”
She laughed, then walked up to me and held out her hand.  I took it and shook.

“Hi, I’m Rhiannon,” she said.

“Nice to meet you, I’m Sarah.”

Rhiannon smiled at me, then asked, “So you work at Tarnhelm, too?”

“Tarnhelm?  What is that?”

She furrowed her brow at me.  “You don’t know what Tarnhelm is?  Then how did you get access to Arethusa?”

“Lady, what the fuck are you talking about?”

Rhiannon took a step back from me, then asked “Are you the girl who caused one of the trucks to flip?  Jesus, we thought you were dead!”  She reached into her jacket pocket and pulled out her cell phone.  I don’t know who she was calling, but I decided that I did not want to stay to find out.  I turned and started to run.

***

So I just threw this together, so it is very rough and unfinished.  If any of you like it, let me know and I'll finish it up.  Edited for formatting.