I entered the grand hall. It was quite large, even rivaling the size of the castle's of old. My lantern blazed upon the walls of marble, the ground, stone. Large rocks were placed all around, containing all sorts of metal and other shining materials that simply glowed with power. Weapons like the Gaster Blaster, a jar of Aether, and the Elfstones, and I can even recall seeing some other objects, like Aegis, the Bag of Wind, and Gleipnir. I oohed at many, but something called to me to one side of the room. I couldn't say what it was that made me look in that direction, or even call out to see if anyone was there. There was no point. No one had been here in quite some time. But I pressed on. I shined my lantern around, suspicious of what was ahead. Around me objects glowed like the stars. Any of these could be mine, I thought to myself. The Golden Apple, Loki's staff, nearly everything imaginable. It was mind-boggling, all of these things, and yet I didn't even begin to imagine myself kneeling down to horde the riches that many before me have done. 

My legs grew weak from the immense time walking. Turn back, I told myself. Why bother continuing? There's nothing here that interests me. I had a specific taste when it came to these things. I wanted something that would truly tell a tale. So many of these things told and retold, losing their value every time. So many of these things granting immense power, it all seemed so trivial. Why rise to the very top, just to brag? Sure, you could change life in a matter of seconds, everything becoming so trivial, but isn't that the problem? Everything that seems so big to a mere human seemed so small to a God. 

"Who am I kidding? Who wouldn't want to be a God?"


I kept on going, until very few items were left scattered around me, many things like Triton's Conch, or the Golden Fleece. But, the feeling grew stronger. I knew I was destined to come upon the artifact at some point. 

Then, I heard the screams.

Terrible, maddening screams coming from behind me. The sound of hate, anger, and death filled the air, and I knew I was the target. I quickly gathered myself from the journey across the hall, and began in a full sprint. I dropped my lantern, as my running was incredibly impaired with it equipped. They came closer and closer. I couldn't turn back. So many of those things that could've saved my life, gone behind me. Slowly, my sickened feeling of the monsters behind me grew to tears. My crying growing louder as continued on, echoed sobs becoming more and more frequent the more I ran.

I had come close to reaching a dead end. 

I stopped, and gathered my breath. The horrendous screams grew nothing short of the strength of hurricane, nearly exploding my eardrums from the amount of echos. I looked around, panicked, searching for some way, even though I knew, there was none. Nothing but the darkness of the cave the hall had slowly mutated into. 

Then, light began pouring from the back of the cave. From behind a rock, a strong blue glow covered the cave wall, not only revealing a door, but a small sword. I peered over the rock, desperate, and the light nearly blinded my well dilated eyes. As it came into focus, I saw a small elvish sword, engraved with beautiful markings fit for a common elvish swordfighter. 

The sword Sting. Excitedly I grabbed it, hoping that it would provide some way of getting me out of this mess. However, quickly, I realized my sword skills were well below sub par, and the number of monsters surely outnumbered me. Frantically, I searched the walls of the cave, the screams just below a small cliff I had climbed before reaching it. Eventually, I had traced my steps back to where I had found Sting, making my last ditch effort to fins some sort of help.

And sure enough, beside it laid a small golden answer to my problems.

I smirked, wondering how it ever had gotten there. Turning around, I say the first couple of orcs climb the cliff to see me.

And then see me disappear.

***

If you made it this far, thanks for reading! This is my first story, and I'm glad you managed to get this far.