Asiyah quietly watched the casket lowered into the earth. The priest speaking the last rites and the beautiful words eulogizing her husband of two decades barely registering as she reminisce on the past

They been through a lot together, more than even those reciting his deeds of heroism would ever know. A young boy looked up to her, his expression curious as he speaks, his voice soft.   


"Your Highness, will you be returning?" He asked, his tone respectful.   


Asiyah nodded just the slightest, her expression unreadable beneath the dark veil she sported for the occasion. The rifles rang out in salute for the passing of this man she loved. 

&#x200B;

She was reminded of the day they had met, when her people stole this man away to learn more about this fledgling civilization on this remote blue world. She was in charge of interrogating him, to make him spill his secrets. Instead, she was won over by his ideals of honour, of justice and of freedom. Things foreign to her world, dominated by a ruthless autocrat that sough dominion over the universe. 

The purity of those thoughts infected her and through guile, cunning and a massive dose of sheer luck, they returned here to start a new life, with a select group of retainers.   


She had learnt much, over the years about what ideals she wanted to bring back. She witnessed the turmoil this world has faced, the petty schemes of humanity's greediest continue to tear through this world. In a sense, it was almost beneficial in the grand scheme of things; her reports of human civilization continuously putting itself at the edge of self-destruction had placed them pretty much on the bottom of the list of priorities.   


Taking a planet without expending any effort was always better, rather then giving a potential threat a reason to unite.   


At the same time, she had witnessed the little things, the values espoused by her deceased beloved clear for her to see. Passion and Kindness, Honour, Justice, Freedom simple higher ideals that humans have taken for granted... These things made her heart feel liberated.   


It was time to go. There was much that needed change in the Empire, and she had learnt all she could here. This world will probably never know the true extent of what this man had done. Its likely he too, had very little idea of the impact that will soon follow.   


She smiled as the gunnery salute ended. She turned away, briefly. She paused, looking at a nearby flag now fluttering at half-mast, she pursed her lips and had an idea. She smiled again, and then whispers an instruction to the young boy, who frowned, but did not argue.   


The next day, the World stared awestruck at the image of a flag lowered to half-mast where no man had reached, distracted from a bright shooting light escaping the solar system.   


 

&#x200B;

  


  
