As I looked at the rocky terrain in front of me, I took a step forward.

"Gah! No!"

The terrain suddenly looked further.

I looked down at my boots. They were making me walk away from the pathway.

"Oh, come on! We could have found someone or something to eradicate!" My sword growled.

"Oh, don't be so ridiculous," began the spellbook. "Clearly he should use a beautiful magic spell to rid of those pesky rocks. Then we can move forward and use another spell to win!"

"Win what?" I was seriously confused. I sighed. "Just... Look. We can use a spell to get rid of the rocks but that's the ONLY time I'm using your spells."

The book flew open to a spell I could use and I did what I had to do. The rocks cleared and I moved through the terrain.

_Crunch._

My arm tightened and my shield flew up in front of me. "Damn it, shield! You're blocking my vision!"

"Sorry, sorry." The shield lowered and I moved forward slowly, watching in all directions to see if something was coming. My sword attempted to be subtle by slowly rising to a battle stance, but I saw it and quickly shook it down.

_Rustle rustle._

The shield flew out again.

"Shield, I need to see!" I declared. "This is beyond ridiculous. Just--"

I dropped the shield and walked away from it. Suddenly, a wolf flew out from the bushes. I raised my sword on my own and was ready to kill.

"Yes, yes!" The sword moaned. "Finally, blood!"

Without warning, the wolf charged at me and was nearly on top of me when the shield flew between us. It flicked the wolf off of me and I shakily stood up.

"You... Saved my life?" I felt the sword drag me towards the wolf.

"No!" The boots whimpered, pulling me away. I suddenly fell face first into the sand that used to have rocks.

Boy, was I lucky to not have any rocks there. I guess I could thank the spellbook for that.

I stumbled to my feet and threw the boots off. I thrusted the sword into the wolf and blood dripped down the shining silver.

I put the boots back on and walked even more.

_Growl._

I turned around and saw another wolf, probably related to the one I'd killed, coming after me. I ran, looking back to see how close the wolf was.

I was suddenly pulled to a stop and I almost tripped, but the wolf was getting closer, snarling.

I looked down.

I was at the edge of a cliff.

"Holy crap..." I turned back to the wolf. It stopped smelling me and walked away.

"I'm... Alive."

"Y-Yeah! Thanks to me!" The boots shouted.

"No, clearly it's because I said a spell to mask your scent." The spellbook said arrogantly.

I sighed as they all began to fight. This was not what I wanted, but hey, at least I got further without dying.
