They had been briefed, once they were safely entrenched on the red planet. It had been a pivotal moment, a watershed. Before the briefing James Carlson had not held any doubt that at the end of his term on site that he would return home, to Earth, to his family. They were merely the prep team, not colonists.

After the briefing, once there was time for the information to process through his stunned mind, James knew that he was never going to be allowed back on Earth. He, and the rest of the team, had been informed of humanity's greatest secret: Earth was not our point of origin. The declaration had been met with silence at first. As the presentation continued, narrated by an unnamed intelligence official back on earth through secure channels, the reality dawned on each member of the crew.  Some seemed quite excited by the idea, Samuel Hampton, the medical chief, was the most vocal of their enthusiasm.  Others had become distraught, having to be ushered from the communications dome. 

Among those who took the revelation poorly, Andrea O'Hare was the most extreme. Ultimately she had been confined to her habitat capsule pending psychological evaluation and clearance. James was surprised by that particular turn of events. He knew Andrea quite well, they had even dated for a time when they were both newly ensconced in the Global Space Program. She had always professed a belief in extraterrestrials and was quite proud of her pragmatic world view which she referred to often with a catchphrase, "Just the facts, ma'm."  In retrospect, anyone with their own catchphrase might not be the most emotionally stable to begin with...

At any rate the discovery during the excavation process for the green house dome wasn't entirely unexpected. In fact artifact retrieval had been added to the long list of mission objectives the prep team was already tracking. Perhaps it was the fact that they had tangible evidence to back up the Power Point presentation, but the flag struck a chord with the excavation crew. It wasn't anything particularly special, a red flag of some sort of synthetic material with the latin letters SPQR printed in white. It was pretty crusty having spent an unimaginable number of years buried beneath the planets famous soil.

The excavating crew claimed the flag as  a trophy, giving it a place of honor hanging from the machinery dome's radial support beam. Obviously the command group tried to impound and log it as the first archaeological discovery of the forerunners of Earth's civilization. This lead to heated exchange between the operations groups but in the end seniority reigned and the flag was cataloged.

This made the flag's disappearance from the archaeological vault a flash point for the nerves and stress, expected on a long range mission and excited following the latest mission briefing. The excavators and engineers raised hell when they were accused of it's theft, and a thorough search of their operation dome turned up nothing. This didn't quiet suspicion but it did help entrench the growing hostility.

No one is certain about the chronology of events, but the instigation can't be disputed. When Andrea was found sans atmosphere suit and wrapped in the flag in the excavated pit suspicion gave birth to fear. Combined with the static brought on by the flag to begin with the fear eventually devolved into basic tribalism.

By the time the response team made it's landing on Mars, the original crew had been out of contact for 8 months. It was the soonest they could have arrived, but it didn't take the edge off of the concern over the state of the camp and it's inhabitants. What they found was far better and far worse than they could have expected. The flag was still there, flying on a makeshift pole in the center of the camps operation domes. As for the members of the prep team, only Andrea O'Hares remains were ever located. She was in stasis within the the medical dome where she had been placed the morning her body had been discovered.  The only other indication that there had been anyone else in the camp was the graffiti found throughout the facility. Each dome, both inside and out, had been marked in paint, etchings, ink, and in one case blood, with the letters SPQR.

[First submission. I've never been much of a writer, but always a lurker here. For some reason this one caught my attention.]