I appeared in a dark basement with a suprised little kid staring up at me. I thought it odd for a child to be dabbling in dark arts but not unheard of. While I surveyed the area my thoughts were interrupted by a sad little voice. 
"I did it wrong...you're not...I mean... Oh no I did it wrong!" The girl's suprise had turned to disappoint and then fear as she looked me up and down. She had tried to call Satan but as a tall curvy succubus I was very clearly not him. It also probably did not help that I appear mostly human, my skin has a vague red tint, my head sports horns, and a slim tail extends from my back but overall I look like a woman.

" It didn't work and now I'll be in even more trouble!" The child cried.

"Don't cry." I said in as soothing a tone as my hollow demonic voice could muster. "Your spell was successful. But the devil is a busy man, sometimes others must come in his stead. But child you are far too young to make a deal with the Devil, be grateful I was summoned here and not some other with a hunger for young blood." By this time the child was sobbing, she clearly didn't care for my explanation.

"No no no!" The girl cried shaking her head "No you're just some lady! I need the devil! I need a demon! I need someone strong!"

I crossed my arms looking down at the sobbing girl. Now I wasn't just suprised by her summon I was moderately insulted. The girl couldn't have been older than 8 yet she thought I was weak? "You need someone strong? What does a babe like you know about strength? Let alone a need for it?"

The girl was about to respond when a crash and a holler from upstairs interrupted us. The girl's eyes snapped to the closed basement door and her body tensed. I looked her over and noticed her limbs trembled with every foot step above us. The man upstairs was screaming, slurring, and it sound like he was throwing things around.

I focused my hearing on the floor above us. The man above was drunk, his words were slurred and drawn out "Where da fuck is that little brat?" He shouted "Stupid worthless girl left her shit in the...the hall! Stupid junk in my way! She needs to learn to keep out of my way!" He was raging, the hate in his voice was as thick as the alcohol. Another voice crept into the conversation. This voice was timid, frightened but trying to be brave.

"Honey please she's just a kid, she didn't mean any harm." Before the woman could say more the man was screaming again and the heavy footsteps stormed across the room. There was shuffling and shouting and the sounds of things crashing to the ground and crying.

I turned my attention back to the child. For the first time I took note of the bruises old and new that decorated he arms band legs, I took note of the heavy smell of fear radiating from her. 

"Your parents?" I asked and the girl nodded, never taking her eyes from the door. 

I looked back upstairs and I could hear the sound of fists landing on flesh and the woman crying. The man's screams we're near impossible to understand and the woman was begging, but not begging him to stop hittimg her, begging him to leave their daughter alone. She was crying that it was her fault. Crying that she had called the girl to help her make dinner and that's why the toys were left on the floor. Doing anything she could think of to keep the man's focus on herself.

"I'm sorry." I said moving over to kneel beside the girl. "You know a lot about strength. And you have a need for it." I turned the girls face to meet mine. I released my heavy monstrous wings from my back, let hell fire blaze in my eyes, and held a clawed hand out to her. She trembled seeing for the first time  what I really was. She was too young to enter into a pact with the devil. She was too young to know what offering her soul to us would mean. But she was not too young to know that her father needed to be stopped. "My name is Lilith. I will answer your call, I will give you my strength." As the girl nodded eagerly the sounds of begging and fighting stopped and the drunken footsteps came toward the stairs. The girl shook my hand and the deal was made. 

The girl ran to hide in a corner as the door slammed open and her dad screamed for her. As light flooded the basement I stretched up to my full height and met his gaze. His eyes were glossy and his face contorted. "Who the fuck are you?" He slurred pausing on the stairs. "Where's that little bitch?"

I smiled and extended my hand to him. His angery face melted to smiles, men were easy to manipulate but drunks were even easier. As the man turned into a giggling infatuated mess stumbling eagerly toward the vision before him I turned to grin at the girl watching from the corner. " You are lucky I was summoned here, and not someone with a taste for young blood." As the man fell into my arms I let out a demon screach and devoured him. No ecstasy no pleasure for this man, I consumed him dragging is soul from his body and letting the flames of hell burn him from the inside out. He wriggled and gasped in my grasp before going limp. I dropped him in a heap on the floor, his body a lifeless shell. I wiped my lips, it had been a long time since I had drained an entire soul and this one was not exactly pure or delicious. Never the less I felt very satisfied. I heard the girls mother stir upstairs, I was glad to hear she was not injured too much to move. 

"It is done." I tell the girl huddled in the corner.  I kicked the body at my feet "He paid the fee for you." I grinned stepping to the side. "If anybody asks I was never here, he tripped coming down the stairs and didn't get back up. Now go check on your mother." Before I finished speaking the girl sprinted up the stairs to her mother. I heard more crying and hugging and the girl explaining that Daddy fell. 

Good girl, I thought before disappearing from the basemen.