My mind boiled over with thoughts, it raced with many theories and ideas as to what it could be. 

What did they do? 

What did they lie about?

In this world, for some foresaken reason,    god had betrayed his people. 

I knew lying was wrong, most of the time. 

But for me? Oh no, my mother taught me well, as would any mother would with the markings a lie would give you. 

You use your words and your mind. You think before you speak. You work your way around and at some point those markings mean nothing. 

Absolutely nothing. 

We all had minor scars, we all told small lies here and there, it was over looked most of the time. 

You would be given a look of embarrassment and there would be a certain quietness in the room. It would go over looked but everyone still knew when it happened: You lied. 

It was blunt. It was a strong odor no one could control. Scars all over our bodies, in odd places that surely made you wonder; Can I trust you?

Trust?

What was trust in this world? 

The ones, the pure ones, who had no markings were sat upon a throne. 

You were good. You were clean, pure, holy, and surly too good to be true. 

But the others? The others with deep scars that showed their past? That showed the history of their mouth and what they had to offer?

It was too much, just the sight of a deep scar was a very dangerous thing to behold. 

You wouldn't be trusted, you simply wouldn't be. 

It was an automatic detection of you being filthy, a filthy liar. 

We would bathe ourselves as children, confessing our sins and screaming out for God to make the markings go away. 

We would scrub our bodies until they'd bleed. 

We would put on creams and makeup, just to make it disappear. 

But the lie would still remain, and you couldn't take it back. 

The guilt would make you go mad and the scar would stay forever as a reminder. 

When I laid eyes upon this man, this man with the biggest and most deepest scar I had ever seen, I was over the edge with desire to know. 

Frantically twitching and trying to ease my way into a conversation with the young male, my efforts seemed worthless as I could tell he knew, his blank facial expression made a statement to fuck off.  

Right before I took a breath and spared a few words, I dwelled in my cowardness and froze. 

"What do you want?" he asked. 

And at that moment, that exact moment, was when I got my biggest scar. 

"Nothing".