My mind was in a whirlwind as I clenched the piece of paper that identified by genetic embodiment. I crumpled the slip of paper and pushed it into the pockets of my corduroy blue pants. I didn’t want anyone around me to see what was causing my utter distress. My vision began to fuzz as I thought about the pure confusion at hand: I am related to Jerard. I am related to the man that has caused the whole country of Paleen to migrate out of their homes and voyage across the barren land to find a new home. I am related to the man that has murdered millions of children for the basis of their skin color. I am related to the man that has programmed the minds of young men and women so that they may follow the pathway of Jerardism.

I latched onto my stomach, attempting to settle the oatmeal I ate in the morning and to prevent it from spilling across the linoleum floor of Estate 19. I watched Clarissa, in her ordinary navy dress run across towards me with her paper.

“It’s official: I am not adopted Adam!” she laughed. 

“I honestly think this is the stupidest thing they could have put us through. Like really? Doesn’t the government already have 24-hour surveillance and footage of all our births? What more do they want from us?

“Where’s your paper Adam?” she asked me.

I could not even bare to tell her. She would never speak to me again. She would shun me for being related to the man that murdered her entire family. 

I stood up and began to walk away. 

“Adam!” she called after me, but I had already turned the corner of the hallway. 

I reached the exit gates of the facility and stood behind every other 18 year old in this region. I waited as everyone’s identification chip was scanned before leaving the building. This chip essentially tracks our every movement. It records where we have been last and logs our physiological patterns, and our mere thoughts. That way, if one of us happens to rebel, the so-called government can track down where we were last checked in at and what our thoughts encompassed. 

“Why’d you run away from me?” Clarissa asked, whilst heavily breathing from trying to find me. 

“Don’t worry about it.” I said.

I stepped right up to the administrator and he waved the sensor over my left arm, where the chip was inserted. A flash of red appeared on his screen. He cleared the screen and made another attempt at scanning my chip. Red marked the computer again. Was it because I thought so badly of Jerard only recently? I looked at the bald administrator and locked eyes with him. I instantly turned around and pushed Clarissa out of my way and ran toward the other end of the hall. Sirens wailed above me and I continued to cut corners to find any alternative escape. Suddenly, I felt a slight pinch in my neck. Slowly, I began to lose consciousness and laid on the ground motionless. Why did I even think it was possible for me to escape, there’s never an escape.

						***

I opened my eyes and glanced around me. Where am I? I was surrounded by a diamond ceiling and a purely marble floor. State of the art robot maids were charging in the corner. 

“Hello Adam.” 

I turned to my right and saw him. I saw the man that has ruined this world. I didn’t even know what to do. I just wanted to kill him. No. I wanted him to suffer. I want him to suffer worse than all the sufferings he has caused to everyone in the world. I ran towards him but realized that my movement was completely restricted by a metallic lockdown structure. 

“Fuck you.” I spat at him.

“Now is that any way to treat your president?”

“Fuck you. You ain’t shit.” 

I watched as he went to put his hand in his pocket. I expected him to pull out a gun and immediately kill me but he didn’t. 

“So you probably know why you’re here Mr. Adam. The results were in for the genetic identification test and it appears that you are another one of my sons.”

Son? Fuck no. I will never be associated with this bastard. He is absolute shit to me. I cannot possibly be his son.

“I am not your son.”

“Oh, but you are Adam.”

How the hell could I be his son when my parents are Alicia and Tarik. 

“Those aren’t your real parents.” He answered the question I conjured up in my head.

“You see Adam, in my effort to homogeneize the world, I have realized that what better way to make the world perfect than by implanting my sperm into the bodies of women.”

“You mean fucking rape you asshole.”

“No no. Not rape. I am doing them a favor by even allowing them to feel the sexual sensations outside of mating season. They got to really feel what it’s like to have power reign in their body.”

I wanted to slice off his tongue and cut out his teeth one by one out of his blabbering mouth.

“Now is that any way a son would ever treat his father.”

“Fuck you.”

“Well anyways, you see I inserted my sperm in this woman species, don’t remember her name. And she had you…”

“Where is she?” I demanded.

Jerard chuckled at my question, as if it was something far-fetched to even ask. “She is dead of course!” 

“Let me get to my point. The reason I decided to even do this favor to women was because I realized how great it could benefit me as well. All of my children will be specifically programmed to be killing machines.”

“I am not going to do that.” I shouted. 

“It’s not your choice.” 

It isn’t. And I knew it wasn’t, so I looked around my lock and began to conjure up ways to assassinate myself because I cannot possibly fathom the idea of murdering innocent lives.

“You’ll never win Adam.”

I found it.

“Never.”

He clicked the button that had begun my transformation.
