 

Ruth’s ceremony made my soul tremble. There were so many blank faces around me. Each and every human being in that room looked cold and dead. I suppose the grief sucked the life out of each and every one of them, and I was no exception. 

I felt hundreds of sorry gazes upon me. I wondered if they could see the bags under my eyes from the endless sobbing and sleepless nights. I wondered if they could see my body shake, as much as I tried to hide it. They knew I was there that night. I could see the accusations in their eyes as they stared at me. What did they want? I couldn’t undo what had happened! If they only could have know the truth...

The first speaker took the podium, and I could feel my whole body stiffen. It was her mother dressed in a long satin black dress. Her hair was meticulously done and was visibly drenched in hair spray. Her eyes were painted with heavy charcoal liner, and her wide smile was smothered with crimson-red lipstick. If there was every a person who deserved to be chained in the deepest depths of hell, it was her. It took every fiber of my being not to scream out what she had done to the entire crowd. I had witnessed first-hand the trauma she had put Ruth and so many others like her through. Had I not made that oath to Ruth so many years ago, there is no doubt in my mind this woman would be on death row. 

That night, while lying on the ground, I stared blankly at the sky. I could not get the image of her casket getting lowered into the ground out of my head. That was it. She was gone. I remember looking over towards her family earlier that day and instantly regretted it. They were basking in the attention. Each time someone would look their way, they would fake a sad face before returning to their whispers and smug remarks. Ruth was one of the most loving, charismatic, and genuine people I had ever met. Everywhere she went, people fell in love with her. It wasn’t hard to do; I can tell you that first-hand. 

But, I suppose that’s why her family was so happy she was dead. Their grotesque existence would no longer be overshadowed by her utter beauty. I’m sure they would have spat and danced on the grave if no one else was around. Exactly two minutes after her daughter had been put into the ground, her mother felt she had grieved enough. She announced that she would be returning home. Except when her car left the burial site, it sped in the direction of the nearest outlet mall. If it were anyone else I would have been surprised.. It didn’t take long for others to pay their respects, either. Finally, I found myself in the exclusive company of my best friend. I lied on top of her grave, feeling the cool air burn my cheeks. The stars began to blur as my eyes started to water. I wondered where she was at that moment. Why had she decided to do what she had done? I hoped she was happy, wherever she was. She deserved to be at peace. Suddenly, I felt that she was. I closed my eyes, and I could see her beautiful green eyes right in front of me. Her beautiful hair and crooked nose appeared as well. Every detail of her face was remarkable clear. 

Slowly, a pair of hideous green walls appeared behind her. Right past her shoulders I could see some old worn out burgundy furniture. Even the paintings on the wall looked as though someone had been chain smoking by them for the last 1000 years. I turned my head slightly, and saw a plump little red creature looking at me with a deviant smile. Between two of his three fingers he held a large shiny red pipe. As I looked into his eyes, I felt my senses sharpen. The room was unbearably humid and cloudy. I looked back at Ruth and felt my eyes water. I was so confused by what she had done. I felt bitter, but also so emotionally overwhelmed by her presence. I wish this was real. I lunged towards her. Even if this was a dream, I wanted to hold her in my arms again. As my arm graced her side, every inch of my body screamed with pain. My body was jolted backwards. I screamed, and then promptly heard the old wrinkly lump of tomato start cackling before coughing into my face. “You really thought it would be that easy deary?” he snorted after catching his breath. 

I wanted her back so badly my entire body ached. “Let’s make a deal…” he said slyly. After dealing with Ruth’s mother, nothing phased me. This living clown nose was a breath of fresh air compared to her. “You want this girl back, right?” he grinned. “Of course I do!” I sneered. “Then you won’t mind playing a little game.”  

“If you lose, you will be transported into a universe where you will die.” Without warning, he showed me and image of my corpse on top of Ruth’s grave. It was revolting. “If you win, Ruth’s horrible past will be erased, and she will be revived.”

I figured if I don’t take the deal, I’m dead on the inside. If I lose, I’m dead on the outside, which was much more appealing than never seeing Ruth again. 

“Well, hurry up. What’s your decision lad?” The reward outweighed the risks, so I accepted. Little did I know that when I got to the arena, the devil would be on my team, and Ruth and Death himself on the opposing side.

———-

I’m very new to this, so any feedback is appreciated!

Edit: Thanks everyone! I wasn’t expecting to get so much positive feedback! Also, for those who are wondering I’m actually a girl. I just thought writing it from a male’s perspective fit better. 