She never asked to be birthed into legend this way, but legends have a tricky way of distorting over the test of time. Some of the genies thought she had it easy.

*If only my masters would just run away instead of asking for foolish selfish wishes.* They would all say.

Indeed. It may have been simple and easy, but it was also dreadfully boring. Moments after moments of appearing before young children who merely run in fright or return to their friends giggling in a harmless, meaningless prank can wear down on one's spirit.

So why is it that she choked on the first child who finally did not run away from her? She was met with a gaze so lifeless and devoid of emotion. The words she has prepared and recited in her head so many times would not come out. She could barely meet the child's gaze through the slits of her own black hair covering her face. Looking elsewhere, she only saw what could have been bruises on his cheeks and arms.

"Are you here to take me away?" The silence was broken, and with it, the spell that was on the genie as well.

Finally given a small moment to compose herself, she replied "No, child. I am not here to take you away."

The child sighed, almost as if in disappointment.

"B-but, I am a genie! I am the maiden in the mirror, and I am here to grant you three wishes of your desire," she continued. It was not as grand as she wanted it to be, but she was able to give the introduction she was longing to deliver.

"A genie?" The child repeated. Despite his confusion, there was a small gleam in his eyes. A warm feeling washed over the genie as she felt a sense of pride in being given a chance now.

"Yes! There may be some limits to what I can do, but these three wishes are for you to use," she replied enthusiastically.

The child took a few steps back and clutched the hems of his ragged shirt. The genie could only look inquisitively at this child who fidgets back and forth wondering what his first wish would be.

*A hug.*

It was barely a whisper, but a genie is always perceptive to the wants of their master. Still, this was such a mundane wish of a child that it has surprised her. She was expecting giant bowls of sweets or the latest toys that they would see on television.

Before she could say anything, the boy stretched his arms outward. He kept his head down and merely awaits the response of the genie. "My child, you do not need a wish for this," she whispered back to him. She approached the boy with open arms and received a tight hug from the child who then buried his face into her dress.

However short this moment was, it was disturbed by the banging of the door. What followed was the voice of several teenagers who were taunting and laughing at the child.

"Hey hey! Have you summoned Bloody Mary yet?"

"Come on dude, this crybaby probably hasn't started yet."

"We'll let you out soon but we better hear you scream her name out loud!"

"He probably fainted!"

The taunts and laughter slowly faded away as the teenagers bore themselves of a silent unwilling participant. The only sound that could be heard was the muffled sobs of the boy. The genie responded by wrapping her arms around the boy and waited for him to calm down.

Once everything settled down, the boy pulled himself away from the genie to wipe away the tears. The maiden of the mirror hovered down in front of the boy. Parting the hair covering her face, she reveals a genuine, warm smile of one that truly cares for their master. "You still have 3 wishes left. I can give you more than a hug, you know?" She teased.

The boy was enamored by the maiden and without skipping a beat, he replied. "Can you still take me away from here?"

The genie was left to ponder over the tricky request. The gaze the child had on her was no longer one that was lifeless and without emotion but of wonder and hope. However, this was one of those wishes that genies can so easily abuse and make things wrong. It was left vague enough for a genie to do whatever they see fit.

But she wasn't a genie of malice, she lifted the child in front of the mirror where she came from just recently. As she laid her hand on the mirror, the mirror gave way and parted like water. Ripples radiated outward from where her hand touched as it passes through the mirror. The child was speechless at the spectacle in front of him.

The boy, ready for the trip to an unknown world beyond the mirror, took hold of the other hand of the maiden. She returned the gesture by holding on tightly to the boy's hand. As they take their first steps into the mirror, she whispered at the boy. "My child, you do not need a wish for this."

In her heart, she wondered how she will have to explain this to the other genies. She has taken a child as her own, and this will have repercussions on the world of humans. People will question of a child gone missing and his last moments was of a ritual to summon a certain entity. However, one look at a child whose eyes are now bright of the wonder and magic before him removed all doubts from her mind. After all, legends have a tricky way of making sense over the test of time.