 *Author’s note: The views of the characters in this story do not reflect the views of the author. Nazis are romanticized in this story the same way nowadays knights, Vikings and pirates are.*

&#x200B;

"Once upon a time, some thousand years ago, the underground society of Nazis were protecting the world from the evil Illuminati. Their bravest warrior was called Chucknorris. He had white hair and blue eyes…”

“What? That’s crazy! Did he really have blue eyes?” Pingaz interrupted, eyes wide. 

“Humans long ago were really like that,” Ayyza explained in a mysterious voice, “they all looked different. Chucknorris’s blue eyes helped him see in the dark, like cats. But one day, while fighting the evil Illuminati, he was mortally wounded.”

“Oh no!” Pingaz cried, clutching his soft bionic puppy toy. It whined in protest.

“Yes, it was a dangerous situation. His opponent shot him right through his heart with a laser gun! He was brought to the Nazi doctor, but they didn’t have stem cell tanks back then! They couldn’t grow him a new heart!”

“Did he die?” the little boy asked, worried for his favourite legendary hero.

“The doctors were desperate! They knew a secret cure that would help the hero! The Nazis sent out their agents to kidnap an Olympic athlete from the Illuminati. They brought the man into their hospital…”

“Why did the Nazis kidnap someone?” Pingaz asked, confused.

Ayyza thought about it. “Well, the Olympic athletes were evil, right? So, it doesn’t matter. And the Nazis were sometimes a little chaotic neutral anyway.”

“Dad once said the Nazis caused one of the Great Wars.”

Ayyza shook her head. “I haven’t heard that story. Besides, people back then had wars all the time. They probably had wars over who ate the last cookie."

"*Anyway,* they brought the evil Olympic athlete there, cut him open and took his heart! But since they weren’t evil, they gave the athlete a mechanical heart as a replacement. Then they replaced Chucknorris’s heart with the one they took from the athlete! Since Chucknorris had lost a lot of blood, they also poured some new blood in his veins. The doctor gave him a magical potion of immunosuppressants and the hero jumped up from the hospital bed immediately! The athlete’s heart gave him power like he had never had before! Chucknorris felt so good he decided to finally end the Illuminati’s most fearsome fighter… the Bat Man!”

“No,” Pingaz gasped.

“Chucknorris went to the kingdom of Gotham and challenged the fearsome Bat Man! The fighter was an abominable sight - a genetical mutant of bat and human *and* he was also a cyborg! The Bat Man wanted Chucknorris’s fresh, delicious blood, but Chucknorris fought bravely against the evil villain! Finally, Chucknorris was able to disarm the Bat Man from his various weapons and stick a teleporter sticker to him! Then the evil mutant was teleported to a maximum-security prison for the rest of his life! And the world could sigh of relief once again!”

Pingaz clapped enthusiastically. Then he furrowed his brows.

“Why didn’t Chucknorris just use a teleporter gun?”

“Those weren’t invented yet, doofus. Now go to sleep.” Ayyza replied.

“Good night,” Pingaz said, yawning, and pulled the bionic puppy under the blanket with him.

Just as Ayyza had turned off the light in the room, Pingaz asked one more thing:

“Can you tell me the story about how Chucknorris defeated Godziller tomorrow?”

“Sure.”