(I kind of changed it up a little bit, since you mentioned the lawyer works with selling soul bargains. Hope you like!)

Martin Richards had many cases against the devil in the past, and they always ended the same way. The devil would declare himself triumphant as he snatched back the soul of the unwilling mortal, complacent in his victory, and would give the terrified mortal a wide grin with his row of sharp teeth before saying the finishing blow, "Don't deal with the devil." The devil would then proceed to drag the unfortunate victim kicking and screaming down into the pits of hell right in the middle of the courtroom, and that was that. 

Martin himself had sold his soul to the devil, not that he regretted doing so; with his track record, he was going to hell whether or not he sold it, so he didn't have anything to lose, really.

But despite all these years of preforming court cases and working with clients he knew never stood a chance, he never once expected a KID of all people to best him.

"Contracts signed by minors aren't legally binding, Mr. Devil, sir." The child said sweetly, a lisp accompanying his voice. "I can void the contract, sir."

Lucifer scoffed. "Please, as if-"

"Er...actually Lucy, he's right." Martin announced. 

"...what."

"Objection!" The devil's lawyer accused. "Contracts for minors are not void if they contain essential items!"

"Yeah, but literally nothing this kid asked for was essential for survival." Martin fired back. "This kid wanted infinite chocolate and a new game console. I'm pretty sure infinite chocolate will LESSEN your chances of survival."

The judge shrugged. "Overruled. Nothing the child wanted was essential."

There was a bit more back and forth but overall, the case was a pretty short one. All the devil could do was sputter as the child walked outside of the courtroom, soul still in-tact. Martin couldn't help but feel bad for the devil as he sat there at a loss for words, 

Out of the seven deadly sins, it was clear his pride was the most damaged out of all of them that day.

(I'm going to hell for that pun.)