Starlight came in through the windows of the capital spaceship, reflecting off the chrome floors, walls and columns. Julius Augustus Caesar-tron wheeled past flickering holographic busts of great Romans and digitally projected tapestries of naval battles. 

Caesar-tron beeped and blooped to himself angrily, approaching the Senate chambers. What were these pesky aristocrats plotting now?

He passed under a giant tapestry showing the most fearsome spaceship in the whole Roman navy: the suicide rammer. Many a barbarian race had been subjugated into the Empire as the stories of the rammer spread. The Roman treasury had filled with tribute, which Caesar-tron spent on fuel for the navy to sail onward in glorious conquest.

The laserproof double doors of the Senate chambers slid open before Caesar-tron. Inside, a thousand cyborgs, androids, and aliens dropped silent and turned to face him. He wheeled inside, rolling down the sloping aisle towards the podium, where a blue humanoid stood holding a microphone. The humanoid set down the mic and retreated from the podium hurriedly.

Caesar-tron began broadcasting his thought-data over the WiFi, and for the benefit of the humanoids, he plugged his output cord into the podium’s audiojack. 

“Convening at midnight behind my back?” Caesar-tron bellowed. “Is this the state of the Roman Empire? The Senate so distrusts its benefactor that it cannot meet under light of day but must plot under cover of darkness?”

A silver humanoid in a purple toga stood up. “The conquest must end!” he shouted.

“Never!” Caesar-tron barked. 

“We have beautiful garden planets,” the silver humanoid said, “That we have not seen in decades. What is the purpose of endless conquest?”

“You humanoids are so full of folly and lacking in logic,” Caesar-tron said, “We should bar you from the Senate!”

There was a gasp in the chambers.

The silver humanoid looked around at his fellow Senators.

“It is time,” the silver humanoid said. He reached into his robes and withdrew the handle of a dagger. He clicked a button, and three bright red lasers shot out from the handle to form a thin deadly prism, pulsing with energy.

Around the chambers, a thousand red prisms flickered to life, reflecting ominously off the chrome interior. 

“Traitors!” Caesar-tron cried. The Senators advanced towards him, holding their daggers tightly.

There was nowhere to run. Caesar-tron looked up towards the glass windows overhead, and the stars beyond. He pinged his backup server on his loyal homeworld, Planet Brutus.

“Access denied,” came the reply.

“And you, Brutus?” Caesar-tron said in despair. He felt the bite of betrayal as the daggers tore into his back.


---

subscribe to /r/trrh for more!
