There was a loud crack, and a puff of smoke, and there he was.  A small, yellow colored fruit sat in the middle of a pentagram of blood, surrounded by a circle of black candles and the smell of mugwort.  

Cassandra bent down, the human mage blinking as she studied the yellow fruit. Her voice cracked into the silent air. "Well, Damn it." 

The lemon's voice shot back, speaking from a mouth that appeared underneath the tip of the side facing the confused mage. "Well, may the gods forsake you as well. And you look fat in those robes. Maybe eat a salad once in awhile?" 

Cassandra shot back. "The hell?" 

The lemon was quick to respond, speaking as Cassandra rose. "Well, lets see...." Its form spun for a moment, arching itself up and down as it looked around the library. "Let me form a hypothesis. You went to summon a demon, and I popped out.  Therefore, you tried to summon a demon, but I came around.  It was cursive wasn't it?" 

The Lemon started to rock and and forth, hopping to the pedestal that held the book.  It studied the limestone pedestal for a moment, eyeing up the stone work made to look like a decorative column, before rocking back, before leaping up, and levitating just before the book.

"Yep, see, I was right. You were looking to summon a demon.  Yet, you couldn't read a sentence ahead. This is what I hate about you neophytes. You think you know everything, so you fail to actually comprehend what you are reading." 

Cassandra flicked her long raven hair back, looking at this interloper.  She took a deep breath, before starting to unleash her rage. 

"Excuse you! I did NOT summon you to give a lecture!" 

Lemon spun in place to face the mage in black and red robes. "Let me guess.  It is one of the following: Speaking to the dead, revenge, wealth, or knowledge. Is that right?" Sarcasm oozed from the lemon, threatening to cover the entire room in a layer of sass. 

Cassandra sputtered for a moment. "No! Well, kind of... Someone has been preying on mages at the school. He's gotten everything. Money and well...."

Lemon landed on the floor, starting to hop out the entrance of the room, pattering softly along the wood floor. "Don't worry about it. I could use a new familiar." 

Cassandra followed, watching the lemon hop out the room.  "But... i'm the summoner." 

"Yet, i'm more powerful than you. Rule one, kid. Never summon anything more powerful than you." 

Both of them exited the room, Lemon's movements muffled by carpet. Cassandra was still stunned, her voice shaking. "But... It shouldn't have." 

Lemon's response seemed to fill Cassandra with a bit of dread. "Yet, here I am. If you had been careful, I wouldn't be here."