I am not really sure when the habit got started, but it gets me through study hall without falling asleep. 

All of us students are locked in the room. It’s like those escape games my mom won’t let me do. She says it’s a waste of money. 

Anyway we’re locked in, and the answers to get the door open are in the material. I, along with everyone else must complete our work before the time runs out and we lose.

Yeah I know it isn’t really THAT exciting, but it helps, ok? 

The cute girl across the room, the one I haven’t managed to talk to, but make eye contact with a lot glanced over at me. Our eyes met and she looked away almost immediately. 

I chewed the inside of my lip. I don’t even know what I’d say to her. ‘Hey I think about being locked in a room with you and everyone else during study hall and usually you’re one of the first ones to ‘solve’ your problem.’

She dropped her left shoulder so her hair fell and created a wall between us. She was leaning over her school work. I reminded myself that I also had work to do. 

So we could all escape. 

I got through two questions before my mind drifted and suddenly it wasn’t an escape room, it was more of a super- villain / hero scenario. The stakes were even higher. The group of us were brainstorming. But I had a suspicion, based off what had happened “last time.” 

We were foiled because the villains knew our plans. I brought that up, and most seemed to brush it off. ‘No,’ I say, ‘no. I KNOW YOU ARE LISTENING.’ I waved a finger around wildly flinging the accusation. 


In the actual classroom, The girl— The cute one— turned the most cute and alarming shade of red one could turn and covered her mouth with her hand.

No one in the room noticed. I stared at her. She raised her shoulders just slightly. 

“ I’m sorry.” She mouthed. 

What.

“For reading your mind,” she mouthed.

No.

“I’m sorry. I liked last week, when Sherry and Zeke both solved their last riddle before the bell rang.” She didn’t move her mouth at all that time. She just held eye contact, and I heard her voice echo around behind my eyes and sink deeply into my heart. I felt her breath spread like a warm fog across my thoughts and settle a comfortable weight across my soul. Like a warm blanket fresh from the dryer. 

She glanced away.

“May I remind everyone that they should be focusing on their school work?” The teacher interrupted our... I dunno. 

I drew in a deep breath and tried to focus on my calculus. 