I notice the envelope when I get back from class. The writing is very tidy; I would think it was printed, I'd guess a Verdana or something similar, except that it has a tiny smudge on the "For" preceding my name. I open it.

*Hey, pretty!
I've been watching you since you moved in and, I gotta say, I like your style! And it was really encouraging to overhear you comment on my shape the other day - I mean, I did feel a bit objectified, but it's all good, I'm here to meet your needs! Let me know if you wanna hang out sometime. Just say it out loud, I'll hear you!
Mr. Dependable*

I spend the next half hour checking my room for mics. I'm not freaked out or anything. I've had worse pranks played on me, and at least this guy seems to have a sense of humor. I'm racking my brain trying to remember who I've been gossiping about. It's not really my style to talk about people's bodies, but who knows what comes out when enough wine goes in.
"OK, I give up," I finally shout into the nothingness. "Who are you? What's the deal?" There's no answer, because of course there isn't.

Until the next day, when I find another envelope.

*No need to shout, I'm closer than you think and my hearing is pretty solid.
Hope I didn't come on too strong. And you're right, you do need to know some stuff about me. I'm friends with most of your friends. I'm pretty laid back - not really into fancy restaurants and big houses or whatever, just, you know, living the young life! I come from a big family, so get ready for some loud reunions - if we get there, I mean. I'm not trying to assume anything.
Anyway, don't let me keep you. I'm just trying to let you know that I'd like to be there for you, day in, day out, supporting you however you need.
Oh, and I'm Swedish, in case that's on your bucket list or something ;)*

Swedish? Do I even know anyone from Switzerland? "It's all very funny, but we can stop now," I say to the room. "Just come out and talk to me like a normal person."

The closet door screeches open. There's an envelope on the top shelf.

*Not technically a person.* 

"Oh, so you're, like, into magic? 'Cause that was pretty neat," I say, while rummaging through the shelves and drawers. "How'd you do it? Secret compartment or something?" I find nothing out of the ordinary. "Alright, you win. We'll hang out. What's your name?"

There's no envelope this time. Just a disembodied, slightly accented voice. "Hemnes."