I owned this city. Well, it's not so much a city as an abandoned decrepit old mining village. But it used to be my decrepit old mining village.


"I'm done with people" I'd told the real estate agent, "I don't want to live anywhere near 100 miles of anyone ever again!"


And I'd got what I wanted. He had showed me plenty of cabins up in the hills but I wasn't much of a woodsman and eventually I would need supplies brought out to me or a doctor. Eventually he brought me out to a property that had been on the market so long he'd forgotten about it.


The village had enough room for everything I could ever need. I stocked the grocery with all the perishables and supplies and firewood I'd need, I put all the possible medical supplies for me and my animals into the old dentist's office and I even filled the library with 1000's of books and films.


I'd felt a deep loneliness living among the millions of people in the city but out here I didn't feel the pain of it and I sure as hell wasn't going to be bored.


When I finally had everything I felt I'd need and the materials to make anything I hadn't realized I'd need I said goodbye to the agent hoping he was the last human I'd ever see.


I gave him a respectful handshake and a friendly enough "Goodbye." 


The agent looked around a bit anxiously. 
"Look, just call me if you need anything, alright?"


"Hmmm." I could tell he didn't think I'd make it out here.


"I know," he said, "You won't call."

 
He sighed and got into his car and drove off down the rough stoney dirt path that was the only road here. The only phone was an emergency line he had insisted I install at the edge of the property about an hour South of the town. I hadn't visited it to see exactly where it was. Whatever happened, happened.


When his car disappeared into the distance I smirked. I turned around and surveyed my empty oasis. I hadn't felt like this since I was 9 years old and been forgotten for a whole day. I'd built a little fort in the trees in our backyard and when my parents finally came searching I wouldn't budge. It took the smell of food to finally get me down. 


The first five months passed by without much trouble at all. My cow Bella getting sick was nothing I couldn't handle as a trained veterinarian and when my strawberries weren't spreading I spent hours in my library until I found the perfect mineral blend to make them happy. 


I worked hard everyday on my farm and when I felt the need to talk I would tell my chickens, I'd named them Nugget 1 through 12,  some stories. Mostly, I'd describe the plots of my favorite tv series, The Twilight Zone. They were pretty good listeners.


It wasn't until the sixth month that I started to notice small things here and there seemed wrong. Things in town seemed to be moving just a little from where I left them. Cans of food in the grocery seemed to be slowly disappearing. A book I'd left open in the library had been turned to a different page, a bottle in the dentists I had closed tight was open. 


No roads this direction were marked. My little town was unlisted on maps. If anyone had found their way here it surely would've been by accident and I felt sure they would of approached me for help by now. I told myself I was being paranoid. I went to the library and took some psychology books home. 


But that night I heard footsteps outside my bedroom. I opened the window and shined my flashlight outside. Nothing there. I told myself it was coyotes and best to ignore it. I didn't sleep well though.


I was throwing chicken feed to the Nuggets when I heard the unmistakable sound of a camera shutter click. I whirled around and looked towards the sound in the trees behind me. No one was there. I went back to throwing feed but I was wary now and not in the mood to tell the Nuggets any more stories.  


Then, someone laughed. A quiet snickering laugh coming from the trees.


"Come out right now!" I shouted. "You are trespassing on my property and got no right to take photos of me either!"


No response. No movement.


"Well then," I said, "I'll just be getting my gun. I don't want to hurt no one but I got a right to protect myself on my land!" I turned to walk towards the house.


"No! Wait!" A voice from the woods shouted back. "I'll come out!"


From behind the trees stepped a young man, barely looking 20. His clothes were like nothing I'd ever seen. They were all sorts of colors but I never kept up with fashions. He wore a slim bracelet of silver and his hair was chopped short, but so green it seemed to be glowing. Kids are strange just for the hell of it, I thought.


                "What are you doing on my property, boy?"


                "Well, I… I’m not really supposed to tell you."
The boy was nervous as hell, he was practically shaking.


                "Look, son; I’m not sure how you got lost so far out here, and if you’re afraid to tell me, then don’t. But we gotta get you home."


                "Could I…Could I come inside for something to eat? He stuttered."


                "Yeah," I sighed, "come on in."


The boy cautiously walked up and followed me inside. He pointed his bracelet at things in the house and looked shocked. "Wow," he said under his breath as he ran his hands across the table and the coats on the rack.


"It’s cremulous. Everything is so hard and dusty. Is it real wood?"


"Um, yes. I insist on quality furnishings. Glad you appreciate it."


The boy’s eyes were wide like saucers. "Can I have some food?"


"Yeah what do you want?"


"I…um…do you have strawberry jelly?"


"Well, I do have some strawberries. I’ll get one for you and I’ll make us a real lunch. But only if you promise me you will let me get you home and you won’t come back."


"I promise, I couldn’t come back, even if I wanted to."


"Okay, well It’s going to be some time to make lunch, here’s a strawberry."


He took it hesitantly, like it was precious. He pointed his bracelet at it, and then took a small bite. His face lit up, his smile spread wide on his face.


"Yep, they are good strawberries." I said. "Sit down here so I can see you while I make our lunch."


He said, "I wish I could bring one home…They wouldn’t make the journey."


I began putting together some turkey sandwiches for us, and the boy kept pointing his bracelet at things in the room. He began touching the tablecloth and the carpet, rubbing his fingers across them slowly. Maybe he was under the influence of something, but the food would help.


"Where ya from?" I asked, while sliding his plate of sandwich, potato salad and more strawberries towards him.


He pointed his bracelet and grabbed the sandwich.


"I grew up in New Moscow."
He took a bite and closed his eyes. "It’s better than I thought it would be."


"You’re Russian?"


"Um…well…"


Someone knocked at the door.

Cont...





 