My first writing attempt: (p.s. after writing this whole thing I realized that it actually became a backstory. But still wanted to upload it. It anyone demands it, I will write a second part.)

I've been kept in the shadows for 20 years. In a basement. With barely any light. I only got the permission to go to the main house for breakfast and dinner and that too because of my father. The rest of the day I spent in my basement. But, I was never bored because my father loved to read and he moved his whole bookshelf into the basement. He loved me a lot and so did I. In 13 years I have read more than 2000 books. Most of them were about history, science and space. I loved reading books about space because I could barely even see the daylight. 

My mother was the total opposite of my father. She was very paranoid about my existence and hated me to her very core. She tortured me everyday in everyway possible hoping I would just die one day. But my father would never know about any of that because if I tried to tell anything, she would chain me up and throw various kind of insects on me. I only faced it twice and it was the most painful thing ever. Especially when they get inside you through your ears, nose and mouth. I hated her, I hated her will all my strength. With every day I just kept getting angrier. But the time I would spend with my father every night would heal me a little.

It was my 20th birthday, just like every night I finished a sci-fi book about space called "The lonely girl in the little galaxy" and then was waiting for my father. He was late tonight so I thought he is gonna get me a big novel this time as he did in my every birthday since I was 8. I couldn't hold my excitement to meet him and tell him about the book I just finished. 

I woke up with a massive pain on my forehead and my mom crying angrily infront of me with a hammer. It didn't take me a second to understand that she hit me with that in my sleep. I looked left and right for a book or a paper that my father might have left for me but I couldn't see anything. She kept saying that it was all because of me. I understood. But still I refused to believe that my father, who loved me so much would leave me. My mom tried to reach for her torture instruments from her pouch but I pushed her over and ran like it's my last day. She was so angry that she forgot to take out the basement door key from the lock. I quickly locked the basement door and ran into the living room. There was our pet dog sitting comfortably in the couch eating a luxurious meal while I was living in the shadows. I took the knife and swung the knife at it's throat. To my surprise, it died. I was not expecting that  Blood was gushing out everywhere. But it didn't feel sad. I felt a little warm feeling in my chest. Meanwhile my mother got out of the basement because I forgot to take out the key too. She was both shocked and angry. She saw the first death in after 50 years but again, it her pet dog that she loved more than her own child. 

I wanted to kill her. I wanted to kill l her right then and there but I remembered what my father said one night, "Your mom can be angry at times, she might get a little abusive sometimes but you need to forgive her. She is your mother after all.". Oh dear father, I wish you knew what she did to me everyday. I wish. But I respect my father and thus I dropped the knife and ran like I was being chased by death itself. She didn't chase me. Maybe she was too shocked. Or maybe she was happy that I am gone from her life. I don't even care anymore. I can see the sky now. I can breathe fresh air. I can run freely. I can feel the freedom. I never felt so good before. 