A lemon? A fucking...lemon. Well, this certainly leaves a sour taste in my mouth. Yes, the bad pun is intended. This fruit folly is just what I needed to cap off the worst day in a long history of bad days. And I fear this mishap - one of many mishaps that happened on the worst day in a long history of bad days - is the one that drives the final nail in my wicker coffin. I'd much prefer a solid oak infused with Amerythium to keep things from desecrating my corpse. Alas, I am but a starving wizard and woven twigs are all I can afford. 

I stretch out an obligatory sigh as I stare at the small yellow hindrance on the ground. Thumbing through the pages of the Spelldex, I again find the summoning spell. I immediately realize my mistake and everything inside me tells me to cry it out like the fragile sixteen year old me did when we caught our first love cheating on us with a two headed ogre. Nymphs can be real bitches sometimes. 

An unexpected bout of laughter quells the confusion and despair. How could I be so stupid? I thought I was summoning Lemón, the baby eating Lord of the Underbrush. The actual word in the text was demon. It's a generic summoning spell that draws from the ever expanding pool of D-Listers. I shouldn't have been so foolish to think a simple spell could summon a real demon. That kind of spell takes days of planning and usually involves a list of exotic ingredients like flourescent fecal matter from a Highlands Bat. I let another chuckle escape the clutches of my inner turmoil. How many times have I made that three day trek up the treacherous slopes of the generic, yet aptly named Mount Death to scrape neon shit off the cave walls?

Darkness enveloped my peripheral vision and I turned just in time to see the large hand of a Gralwag make first contact with my face. I've never experienced the thrill of being struck by one of those new steam powered trams plowing ahead at full bore. As I flew through the air, void of grace and dignity, I imagined it would feel much like this.

I hit the wall hard. I heard something, perhaps even two or three somethings, crack and pop on impact. I slid to the floor in a crumpled heap as the air was exorcised from my body. I gasped for something, anything, to fill my lungs. But they didn't want to work. I glared at that lemon through waterlogged eyes. 

My erroneous casting led me to this. I needed a demon and life gave me a lemon. I was about to pay the ultimate price for it. Death by a Gralwag. And there wasn't a damn thing I could do. Gralwags are immune to almost all classes of magic. The only thing known to work on them were glamour spells. But those were just illusions. Glamming a Gralwag into a rabbit didn't make the Gralwag an actual rabbit. No, that kind of spell actually does require glowing bat excrement and a mastery in transmutation. A glamoured Gralwag is still a Gralwag. 

I watched the hulking form of the Gralwag lumber towards me. It was baring its very pointy teeth in a snarl. Or was it a smile? Shaggy red hair draped its head and flowed down the nape of its neck like a lion's mane. Except in this case the lion was sickly, and grotesque, and smelled like a decomposing body. Or my grandmother's dankroot and butterbean soup. In its big paw the Gralwag clutched a large axe, dragging the sharp head across the ground with every advancing step. The grating sound threatened to bleed my ears dry. 

I shakily managed to get to my feet. I resigned myself to the fact that I was going to die on this day, in this place, and by that thing. The least I could do was try to make the best out of an untenable situation. The lemon caught my eye again and I chuckled. 

"Lemonade," I said to the nearing Gralwag. It didn't seem to hear me. I extended my arm in front of me. Splaying my fingers I spoke a series of words in quick succession and cast the glamour on the Gralwag. For the creature nothing had changed. But I was staring into the cold dead eyes of the most beautiful woman that my mind imagined. 

She was tall, luxorious auburn hair framed a slightly rounded face. Her lips were a dark pink, her pearly white teeth gleamed between an upturned smile. So it wasn't a snarl after all. The glamour wore a white silk dress, parted at her thigh, revealing the smooth sheen of long legs that went on forever. I followed those legs upwards and rested my eyes on the milky white bosom that could barely be contained within the confines of the silk dress. 

It's just an illusion. But it's a damn fine one. 

The seemingly delicate hand of the glamoured Gralwag grabbed me by my collar and pulled me close. Illusion or not, I wrestled with the notion of motorboating those soft flesh pillows. Before I could give in to my ungodly desires I was in the air, held firmly above the glamoured Gralwag's head. Then my back slammed into the floor. The pain was numbing. White spots littered my vision as the Gralwag raised a scaled version of its axe above its beautiful head. 

So this was it then. The moment where my story ends. Time slowed to a crawl as I watched the axe fall. I had accepted death. My survival instincts didn't get the message and kicked in at the last second. I rolled away, feeling the reverberations of the axe hitting the floor. 

I bounded to my feet, adrenaline coarsing through my body. I dodged strike after strike, frantically trying to find a way out of this fight. I hadn't really accepted death. That was a foolish notion no wizard worth his salt should ever contemplate. Another slap to my face sent me to the floor. I pushed myself onto my hands and knees and once again spotted the lemon. It was now cleaved in two from a misguided axing attempt. 

I heard a guttural grunting noise from behind me. Craning my head around, the Gralwag stood above me in all of its sharp toothed and filthy haired glory. It seems the fight, if one could call it that, had pushed my exhaustion to the point where I could no longer sustain the spell. In a moment of exasperation, I dropped my head to my chest and sighed. I suppose it was too much to hope for to be mercilessly slaughtered by even the mere illusion of a beautiful woman. 

The Gralwag yelled something in a foreign tongue. I twisted around to see the raised axe swinging downward. I jolted forward into a somersault, landing clumsily on the balls of my feet and using my hands to krep myself steady. I wearily pushed myself erect and turned towards the Gralwag. 

I expected to have to dodge another incoming attack. Instead I found the Gralwag fervently attempting to free his axe from the hard earthen floor. The sight of it reminded me of an old colleague's tale about a boy king that pulled a sword from a stone. Of course the validity of this account is thought to be lacking and is considered pure hogwash. Besides, it is a widely known fact that the old wizard in question is regarded as a drunken hack within the magic community. 

The Gralwag continues to struggle with the axe and I need to think fast. It is the only thing standing between me and the exit of this god forsaken place I wandered into. If I make a run for it, it grabs me and makes me into a play toy. Eventually it will get that axe free. I don't have much strength left. I'm running out of time. Think. 

An idea hits me like a ton of bricks. It might be the most ridiculous idea in the history of mankind. But it's really my only option. I shake my head slightly and retreive both halves of the lemon. Holding one in each hand I take turns staring at them incredulously. This is not going to work. But I have to try. 

I give myself a quick pep talk and turn to face the Gralwag. 

"HEY UGLY!" I yell at it. The Gralwag diverts its attention from the embedded axe and looks at me. An inquisitve look crosses its face. It's now or never. I run towards the Gralwag at a full sprint. Though the distance I have to cover is short, it feels like a marathon. When I near the creature I make a short leap onto the blunt end of the axe head and use it to propel myself upwards. As I meet the Gralwag eye to eye I can see the perplexion within those black pupils. I hold my lemon filled hands outward. 

I squeeze. 

The Gralwag lurches back and screams in pain. He furiously rubs at lemon soaked eyes and screams louder when the act only ascerbates the situation. The Gralwag falls backwards, shaking the earth as it lands on a hairy ass. I look to the open entryway and make a break for it, leaving the moaning Gralwag behind. I stop short and turn back to the Gralwag. I have to kill it. 

Gralwag's are hunters. Once they have your scent they never forget it. Scents are memories for them. There's a well known saying I just made up right now. It goes, "The only thing longer than a Gralwag's dick is a Gralwag's memory." Sure, they may be stupid, but a Gralwag can hunt down someone across the world if they have their scent. And they have too. 

I think I have enough juice left - pun intended - for one more spell. With a little air, I pull the axe from the ground. Now that it's free from the grubby hands of the Gralwag I can manipulate it with magic easily. I take one last look at the suffering Gralwag. If we're being honest, I'm doing this thing a favor. 

"Sorry about this pal," I softly tell it. Then with the force of the air holding it, whip the axe around and decapitate the Gralwag. I turn immediately. I don't need to see the aftermath. 

Outside, I pick up my satchel and staff. What a day this turned out to be. I just killed a Gralwag because of a....lemon? A fucking lemon.








