I'm sorry, but I will save you, forgive me. 

It started with a small crack on the screen.

I thought nothing of it, it was an old desktop and I had thrown some abuse at it over the years, and besides, it didn't really bother me - after all, it was only small. Overtime it grew, the screen became unusable and fragile. The crack traveled across the screen, and it seemed to be following one thing - my cursor.

I took my desktop to a repair shop to see if I could be helped, no such luck, the thing was practically useless. I set aside some cash to buy a laptop instead, when it happened.

March 20th, 2018 at 22:34 was when it happened. It was slow at first, the crack moved at a steady pace across the screen, and then it went faster, and faster until the screen shattered. I'm sure the neighbors woke up - but I had bigger problems than the lousy couple next door. 

In front of me was a giant, floating cursor - fresh from the boundaries of my desktop.

I was frozen in shock and horror, but also what seemed like... excitement? This cursor, what could it do? Why was it here? Could it speak? Would it follow me around like a pet? All these questions and much, much more circled around in my head until, after what seemed like hours, I reached out to grab my physical mouse.

Luckily for me, it was wireless. I moved my mouse in the air a little and the floating cursor followed. I left-clicked and my cupboard was floating in the air, trapped in a blue bubble in the sky. I was so shocked I dropped the mouse and therefore my cupboard. Pottery went everywhere, spices and all that other rubbish. That was alright, I could clean it up later.

I grabbed my mouse again and pondered what I could do with it. That was when I right-clicked.

In all fairness, I would say that right-clicking was both the best and worst thing to ever happen to me.

In front of my unbelieving eyes was a huge menu containing possibly thousands of buttons ranging from 'Money Bonus' to 'Terrain Creation'. Each button that I pressed had 50 or so more features to explore. So many features, so many buttons. I just had to press them all.

The first thing I did was press 'Money Bonus', of course, anyone would want a money bonus. The drop downs listed were from 10p to £100,000,000. If I pressed 10p, 10p appeared on my table. If I pressed £100,000 - a stack of 2000 £50 notes appeared in my living room. 

I had too much power, and even then, I knew it.

I tried everything, new cars, pets, Hell, I think I might have stumbled upon the cure for cancer - but there was one button in particular that caught my eye. A button that I stared at for a long time.

"Delete all."

I was curious. I was naive. I'm sorry, and I regret what I did. Please forgive me.

I pressed the button.

It came down piece by piece, but slowly at first. A painting in my house disappeared into blue pixels, each pixel disappearing to God knows where. Then it was my upturned cupboard, and then my desktop, and a wall. Then my house. Then my street. Then my town, my city, my country. Then it was just water. Just ocean. Where was I? 

I was floating above it all, all the ocean, I could see it. Chunks of the ocean disappeared. This time turning into red and green pixels floating upwards. Chunk by chunk, a little bit here, a little bit there. Then they became big chunks. Atlantic Ocean, Indian Ocean. There was no water.

Just layers of the Earth. I was floating above it all, watching magma bubble red hot, until soon that disappeared too.

In the end, it was just darkness. I was in the darkness, alone, and afraid.

But I had my cursor.

And, the first thing on my agenda was to rebuild.