It all started on a tuesday. I knew I couldn't face the awards presentation, that dark ballroom in anonymity again. None of the others knew my name, they had no reason to. why should they? The fact that the awards banquet was later that evening fazed me little. A time travel contest, after all procrastination seems to have lost its meaning these days. 8 hours is still too long, at least there's a liquor store opening soon. i wonder what whiskey will be like in two hundred years.  Killing Hitler starts not some hundred odd years in the past, but two into the future. The fact that i've watched the greatest film in history 500 times or more, and rehearsed this twice that number, I feel certain i'll be able to execute drunken master moves like Darth Binks, of retrofuturistic fame. Stealing history's most gruesome and fast acting neurotoxin will be a cinch. That's why the whiskey comes first. Scant minutes later, a significant portion of stolen "future" whiskey and sandwich later, I was ready. I knew the route, i knew the way the guards would act, it was no real trick to relieve them of their horrible cargo and begone back to my space, my time. The same hotel we meet at ever year, I'm close enough to hear the nervous twittering, and I know that i've timed things well enough, the next part frightens and excites me. The lump in my vest pocket seems alive, i can feel my heart beating, and for a panicked moment i'm convinced that the beating is so intense that it will break the phial prematurely, and thwart my plans. This doesn't happen of course, the hyperbole of adrenaline always pushes reason aside for silly thoughts like this to flower. By this time i've quietly entered the meeting hall and sat down at my assigned table, conveniently/unimportantly near the back door. The MC (who year after year insists upon calling himself Max Quordlepleen), clears his throat "and now ladies and gentlemen the moment you've all been waiting for . . . this year's winner of the 'prime directive be damned let's kill Hitler' award (at this moment he held aloft the gold and jewel accented/crusted single pv shrimp boot) and without further ado, the winner of this year's award and a lifetime supply of vibranium is . . . "

I pushed a button in my side pocket and immediately i was not sitting at my table, rather in a bathroom stall with none other than the failed austrian painter in question. I knew from repeated observation when the precise moment would be to pop in, after he'd finished his affairs and cleaned himself, but not before standing and pulling his trousers up. in one fluid movement i pulled out the syringe, coupled it with the phial transferring the liquid, jabbed Hister in the neck and hit the retrieval button on my travel device. I had set things to have us  appear not at my table, but rather right behind good ole Max. By the time the crowd had alerted the MC to our presence the one balled wonder had already begun his fatal transformation. By the time the crowd had come to its feet in outrage the transformation was complete, the pile of  caviar the size of an ex dictator put off an appetizing smell, for those of a refined palate. I pulled from my briefcase a handful of mother of pearl spoons and I led by example. 

Max puts his finger to his ear in histrionic fashion, "hold on now, the judges wish to confer, smoke 'em if you got 'em . . . or if you're hungry . . . by all means..."

