*The Kingdom of Skylandia doesn't feel the same without you. We miss you!*

The notification blinks on my phone, reminding me that I haven't logged in for days. I swipe it away to the left. Even the logo in the corner sends a spasm through my lungs. They tighten up. It's hard to breathe. Fuck, I miss her so much.

When I boot up my computer for work, I catch myself hovering the cursor over the Steam icon. It would be so easy to launch the game. To log in, reconnect with my Guild, see how everyone is doing. But then I'd see my message history. I'd see the little gifts we used to send each other: 50 SkyCoins here, a Valentine's Day rose there, little flags for Skylandia Independence Day that she'd sent out to everyone because she thought it was cute.

It's been three months since I got the email informing me that Julia Steadman, aka Princess Azula of the Willow Guard, Defenders of Skylandia, had passed away due to complications of leukemia.

How do you grieve someone you've never met? I have so many memories of her, but they aren't memories of *her.* I can't reconcile the fact that she was only ever a bunch of pixels, but at the same time, her absence has cracked open a void in my life that just sits there, gaping and empty.

How do you talk to anyone about this? How do you explain that you're falling apart because you miss someone you never set eyes on? I mean fuck, I'm in my twenties now. Julia and I, we'd gamed together since high school. I knew her better than half my friends at college. She meant more to me than most of the girls I dated.

It's a lonely life, working from home and now unable to take part in the one hobby I still enjoyed. My therapist suggests one day that taking care of something might help. If I'm feeling up to it, she says, maybe I can buy a plant, or adopt something small.

She says to start with a fish, something low-maintenance that I can handle on my low energy days, but instead I find myself loitering in the parking lot of the local animal shelter. I can't make myself walk in a first, too paranoid that every person I pass can see the black cloud crowding in at the periphery of all my thoughts. I'm worried, completely nonsensically, that they'll take one look at me and decide I'm too unstable to adopt anything.

I think about what my therapist said. I remind myself that I've summoned up the courage to make it this far--walking home now would only make me feel worse.

Inside, the atmosphere is honestly kind of depressing. So many cute animals tucked away in too-small cages, crowding in against the walls with fearful eyes. But there are bright spots too: the wag of a puppy's tail as a girl lifts it in her arms, smiling hugely. And there's a big glass enclosure full of baby bunnies that tumble all over one another in a big soft heap.

Then I see her.

I almost miss her, since she's so small: a tiny black cat in a cage that could hold something much larger. She's curled in the very back corner, watching me with luminous yellow eyes that seem to say *I don't trust you yet.* She doesn't move at all when I walk closer, stooping down to peer inside.

"Hey, little girl." I give her a smile, even though I know it's pointless. She can't speak English and she definitely won't smile back.

She stays curled just as she is, hunching up a little. Her fur looks silky and soft--she's definitely not some stray nabbed off the street. Someone's been taking care of her.

She's so small, so scared-looking. I have to have her. But when I ask at the front counter, they inform me I can't take her home straight away. Since she was brought in off the street, there's a mandatory stand-down period. They have to make sure nobody comes to claim her first. And as much as I hate to agree with that, it does make sense--she's beautiful. If she has a family that misses her, I'd be a real bastard for taking her away.

Still, the thought of those bright eyes--glowing like a harvest moon--follows me on the long walk home.

I pull my coat collar higher up around my neck and shiver, walking from the cold road and into my cold and empty apartment.

\###

I must have dozed off reading, because I awaken with a jolt when something clatters in the living room. I'm in my bed, book a little tent upon my chest, and the sun's gone down. I never turned on any lights--why bother?--so it's dark as hell in my bedroom.

It's dark as hell and someone is in my house.

I can hear their progress as they move in from the living room. Usually, the heaps of coke cans and old empty bottles on my floor are source of deep shame. I can't bring myself to clean, but I hate myself for making a mess. But tonight I'm glad for them--I can hear every tipped-over soda can as whoever it is makes their way down the hall.

All falls quiet.

Then a moment later, a streak of dark fur. A soft, warm weight alights upon the bedcovers. I can see her in the night, golden eyes shimmering, the only source of light in the darkened room.

"Sorry your highness, but there’s no time to explain, you must follow me."

Am I dreaming? I tilt my head. The cat's mouth didn't open, but I heard her voice clear as day. Worse still, the voice sounds familiar.

I don't like this dream.

My throat feels tight. I rub at the corners of my eyes, trying to stuff the tears away before they can fully form.

"This isn't fucking funny," I say. How dare it use her voice. How fucking dare it.

"It isn't funny because it isn't a joke." The cat continues to stare at me. I hear Julia's voice in my ears, that soft matter-of-fact tone she used when correcting my fuckups in raids.

I reach up and slap myself across the cheek, just in case. But I'm still awake.

"Prince Aenlark," says the cat, eyes unblinking. "Your world needs you. And you're spending all your days in bed."

Being talked down to by a talking cat is strange enough, but the cat addressing me by my gamertag is what convinces me this scenario is just too fucked up to be a dream. Only reality can hit this hard and hurt this much.

Slowly, I sit up. The book falls off my chest with a distant, weighty thud.

"Julia?"

The cat backs off down the bed, a soft silhouette in the dark.

"Come on," she says. "Get up."

Slowly, I crawl out from under my blankets. I'm still in my jeans, only just having bothered to take my shoes off. I flip the switch on the floor lamp, wincing a little as it illuminates my sad, filthy bedroom. Old clothes, beer bottles, and coke cans are piled on every surface. I haven't ever cleaned out the ashtray from that time I thought smoking might make me feel better. I look away, unable to look the cat in the eyes. It's a cat, I know, but it sounds like her and I'd never want her to see me like this.

"Oh, my prince." She sounds so sad.

"I'm sorry." I feel myself tear up again, hate myself for it. "It's..." But I can't even come up with a decent excuse. I just let myself fall apart. That's all it is.

The cat walks up, twining between my legs and nuzzling my calf with her cheek. I reach down and stroke my hand across her ears. They're soft as a kitten's. Her cold nose brushes my palm.

"You can't keep doing this to yourself," she says. And I know she's right, but at the same time, what the fuck *can* I do?

The cat slips from between my legs and out toward the hallway. I hear more rustling as she wriggles through the heaps of discarded clothes and garbage.

When she returns, she’s got a black plastic trash bag clutched in her teeth. She drags it along the floor toward me, then sets it at my feet.

"Come on," she says. "This is no room fit for a Prince."

I reach down and pick up a beer bottle, staring into her luminous yellow eyes. I put the first bottle of many in the bag. The cat gives me an encouraging headbutt, arching up and nuzzling my leg.

"That's it," she says.

And everything still hurts. And I still can't hear her voice without feeling a little light-headed. But one bottle is a start.