Captain James Hook sat in the legion barracks, running a Kouzoln cigar between his fingers. The cigar had been sitting in his chest for over two years; he was saving it for his daughter’s wedding, if that day ever came, but after what he saw today, he needed the relief. He took the nearby oil lamp, lit the tip of the cigar, and sat back in the wooden armchair, letting the rich tobacco dull his senses.

They called him the “Master of Shadows,” the mysterious figure Hook had been hunting for years. They said he was a powerful wizard, who could alter the minds of his servants. They said he ran a gang of the most notorious criminals, deadbeats, and lowlifes. They said he had eyes and ears throughout Ketema, in every corner of society. The truth was much worse than the rumors.

Earlier that day, the legion had received a confidential tip. They knew where the Master of Shadows would be, and at what time. Hook had moved quickly on the information—

“Swords at the ready,” James whispered, motioning to his guards.

Carefully the guards surrounded the old, abandoned home. Its stone walls were cracked and broken, the wooden roof sagged inwards, and weeds grew untamed around the sides of the home.  James crept towards the entrance. Acolyte Stefan walked beside him, wand at the ready.

James ran full-force into the door. His shoulder easily knocked the decrepit, wooden door off its hinges. James rolled to the ground. Stefan cast a spell—a blinding flash of light. The guards converged on the home, smashing through the windows.

In the center of the home was a man, dressed in green robe; he was kneeling besides a woman. James rolled to his feet, extending his sword towards the throat of the man.

“I’ve got you, *Master of Shadows*. Surrender now.”

“You've got me, but would you really like to carry me off to prison, and leave this poor young woman to die?” The man replied.

*No. It can’t be.*

“What did you do to her?” James roared.

His daughter, Wendy, lay unconscious on the stone floor. The master of shadows sat back and laughed, throwing his hands in the air.

“Oh captain, my captain. You think I did anything to poor Wendy? Want to know my secret—They ask for this. They beg me for this.” He grinned.

“You’re a monster,” James said shaking.

Stefan made a quick decision and cast a binding spell at the Master of Shadows. Purples ropes of magic wrapped around his arms and legs, and he toppled to the ground.

“Poor peter, helpless peter,” said the Master of Shadows, crying. “Big adults ruin all the fun.”

“Peter—Tell me what you did to her, or I swear I’ll cut your throat,” James said.

“Even better—I’ll show you.” Peter said. “Welcome to neverland.”

Four of the six guards dropped their swords, shaking. Stefan’s eyes rolled back in his head, and he collapsed. The spell around Peter dissipated, and Wendy’s eyes opened. Two guards remained unaffected, they drew their swords and moved on Peter.

“Kill them,” Peter giggled.

The four guards tackled the other two and began beating them with their fists. James snarled and lunged for peter, but he drew a dagger and grabbed Wendy, pressing the dagger against her throat.

“Not so fast, Captain Hook,” Peter said.

“What did you do?” James shouted.

“I call it pixie dust. All the good children come and try the magic dust, and I take them to neverland,” Peter cackled, waving the knife in front of him.

The four guards rose, covered in blood, their expressions blank. Stefan rose from his comatose state, picked up the wand, and aimed it at James.

“You set me up,” James said. “You wanted me to come here,”

“You’ve stepped on my toes too many times, now I step on your little toes.” Peter said. “Remember, if you want Wendy to live, you’ll leave me alone.”

“This is why they call you the master of shadows—everyone is your slave.” James said with realization.

“Only the ones who come to me as children!” Peter cackled with excitement. “Now sleep, old men need their sleep.”

Stefan held the wand against Captain Hook’s head, murmured a spell, and everything went blank.

&#x200B;

James woke hours later, in the abandoned building. Wendy lay next to him.

“Darling, are you alright?” James said, rushing over to his daughter. He shook her, and she slowly opened her eyes.

“Papa, what happened?” Wendy said. She rubbed her eyes, and little bits of white sand fell from them.

“What do you remember?” James said, embracing his daughter.

“I remember dreaming—a scary man was chasing me, but then a nice man came to rescue me. He said his name was Peter Pan, and he could take me to neverland, where we could fly forever. Daddy, is Peter Pan real?”

James closed his eyes. They were full of rage and tears. “No honey. He’s just a shadow.”

The Master of Shadows.

[r/BLT\_WITH\_RANCH](https://www.reddit.com/r/BLT_WITH_RANCH)  [More from this series](https://www.reddit.com/r/BLT_WITH_RANCH/comments/9vdyhr/arhalym_chronicles/)