I’ve always been able to see the ghosts. Ever since I was a kid. I remember the first time I tried to talk to one of them; I was around nine or ten, and I had heard their whispers, so I tried to say hello back. As soon as they realized that I could see them, they swarmed. Everything was caught in this kinda whirlwind of energy, objects getting thrown around the room, lightbulbs exploding, it was like something out of a horror movie, except ten thousand times worse. I stayed their for nearly an hour, hunkered down in terror under my blanket, feeling a terrible cold that made me think my very soul was being frozen. It was too much. I still have nightmares about it, about the way that my skin froze where they touched it, feeling like it had just been covered in dry ice. I remember the clamor of voices, none of them able to be heard clearly over the others, all with the same longing; wanting to be seen, to be acknowledged, to not be alone. It was torture! I’m pretty sure I would be dead if they hadn’t left me alone.

After that, I pretended to be blind to them. Ignoring them as best I could. Anything to avoid going through that again. 

But now, I don’t know if I can keep ignoring them, if I can keep ignoring her. 

She died three days ago, it felt like all the pain in the world had just hit me right in the pit of my stomach. I was beyond the point of tears. That night though, that was the worst experience of my life. Seeing her standing there. She looked just like she did in life, but you could tell she was one of them. I can’t describe it, but wherever you see them, you can always tell.  She was standing there, looking at me, that same longing as the swarm. It felt worse than when I was ten, because I knew her, because I loved her, because I wanted by my side just as much as she did. Yet, I knew I couldn’t acknowledge her. I knew that if I did, the others would overhear me, that they’d swarm and that it might even kill me. I can’t describe how painful it was to lay there in bed, looking the opposite direction, keeping my eyes closed. Trying desperately to look away. 

If I ignore her, she’ll move on after a while, they always do, she’ll let go of that longing and leave this world behind. But I can’t wait, I can’t ignore her, not when she’s begging to be seen. And I can’t let her leave without even getting a chance to say goodbye.

I don’t care what happens anymore, I feel like I’m gonna go mad from trying to ignore her.

That night, when she appears, I don’t look away. She looks at me with that sadness and longing, and I look back, not sure if she knows that I see her, but but never looking away for even a second. 

“I love you”, she says, not realizing that I hear her. 

“I love you too,”the words slip out of my mouth before I can stop myself. Her expression changes, she knows I can see her. We look at each other, and I know she still feels that longing, the pain of being dead and invisible to the world, but it’s not as unbearable. It’s like when you’re crying over something and you feel terrible, but you know that you’ll feel better afterwards. 

We’re both crying now, but I can see that a weight is being lifted off her shoulders. They all have that same longing, that desire to be seen and heard, and now she knew I could see her. 

I don’t care what happens next, if the other ghosts hear me, if I’m torn apart by a swarm, I can’t stand sitting there and ignoring her for another second, and I pray that I won’t feel that same longing 