The figure appeared from the shadows. I was dumbfounded. I had expected someone else, anyone but him. 

The emancipated figure bore bloody bruises and cuts all over. His face a pale sickly white. One of his eyes is so thoroughly swollen and purple that he could only use his other eye to look at me. And as he stare, his sorrowful glance pierced through the very essence of my existence. At that moment, I knew what I was seeing. 

I turned away immediately, unable to hold my calm any longer. I didn't know you could feel pain in the "after", but the knife that is stabbing my heart is so real. I fell and broke down.

"I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. Oh god." Blood appeared on my hands, staining it a deep crimson red. My hand shaking uncontrollably. 

The figure had a worn out dark green hoodie and a casual red shirt underneath that seemed two sizes too large. Blue denim jeans and casual sneakers, all stained red by his own blood. His arms was crossed into a defensive position and he was shivering, but he no longer fidgets. 

"You did this to me." His tone was flat and there was not a single ounce of emotion in that. 

This battered figure in front of me... It's who I have become. Blows upon blows, relentless in its violence. I can feel every single wound from this figure. The accumulation from years of abuse in all its forms, threatening my sanity.

"Dad didn't hurt me like this. Or Mum."    

No, Dad did not. Even on that very last night. When he physically threw me out of the house. "YOU ARE GOING TO HELL, FAGGOT!" a face filled with disgust as he yelled. "Mum ... please." I whimpered. But she had just looked away, refusing to look into my eyes. Ashamed.

But not even on those million nights when Dad would come home with a drunken stupor and his leather belt on his hand. As he slams the door open, my brother and I would know to just go to bed. It didn't matter what time it was. We'd just go. "WHAT, ARE YOU AFRAID OF ME? I'LL TEACH YOU SOME RESPECT." And the hell would begin all over again.

"Not even Markus. But he would be proud." 

All those times he had forced himself on me. All those time he had violated me. "You worthless piece of shit. Don't try to resist. I'm the only one in the world who still gives a damn about you. Know your place. This is why you don't get any compassion". 

"I never meant to do all *this* to you..." I whispered, talking to myself. Tears rolling down my cheeks.

"But you did. All those nasty names you have called me over the years. The loathing when you see me in the mirror. All those times when you tell me that I'm a horrible person, that I don't deserve anything." Contempt, or perhaps sadness, spitting out of his voice. "All those ways you'd devise of to hurt me without leaving a mark. YOU did it, not anyone else. You made the choice to not leave the streets, ON A DECEMBER NIGHT. You killed me."

"I'm so sorry... I just wish ... I just wish I had learned to love myself better. No one ever taught me how. I wanted to. I tried. I just..." A wave of sobbing interrupted me.

"You should have tried harder." He turned away and left. Silent footsteps and fading shadows passed as I lay helplessly and cry. As I lay freezing to death.


