I think I am insane. I recall someone once saying that if you can question your sanity, you must not be insane.  Bullshit.  I question everything but there is no way I am sane anymore.  I don't mind.  Not really.  Its the only thing that has helped.

I volunteered for this, I think.  I don't really remember anymore than I remember why.  Perhaps it was some romantic idea of being like Fry, waking up in a future with rocket-ships and one-eyed women mutants and death by snu-snu as an option.  Sorry, a dated reference that you wouldn't get.  Yes.  Yes, I definitely volunteered, I remember that now.  I walked into my bosses office, the ink on my PhD barely dry and declared that I wanted to be the first human to test out the new cryogenic protocol.   

We had already tested it on animals and the success was breathtaking.  Full restored functionality, no brain damage, no harm.   Of course, the longest sleeper, as we called them (HA!  Sleeper! what a misnomer that word was) had gone under for a year.   Five hundred years was unheard of.  

So that was our plan.  Put me under for five hundred years and let me gently wake into a paradise future, with replicators and warp drive for all!  Sorry, another dated reference.  

What no-one knew back then, what I didn't know, was that our method of freezing left the brain awake.  The body froze, sure.  Decay practically halted and detectable activity was gone.  To those observing, I was unconscious, asleep and perfectly preserved.  I eventually came up with a theory that our soul, who and what comprises the person I call "me" is a real thing and separate from the physical trappings that house us.  That was bullshit too but it allowed me to try and understand how my brain activity could be practically zero but I was still fully conscious and aware of every single second passing.  

At first, I was horrified.  I screamed for days, I think, even though no one could hear me.  Eventually, I grew angry.  I even invented six new curse words I threw out at the technicians that came to check my status.  Then, I got bored.  Do you have any idea what it is like to be stuck for years in a box with only a small window for viewing and that frosted up most of the time? Of course you fucking don't!  People like you are too smart to agree to such an insane choice.  

Sorry.  I don't mean to get angry but when I consider the years stuck in there, well, you can understand my frustration.   After ninety-seven years, six months and three days (yes, I counted.  What else was I to do?) the lights went out and the technicians stopped visiting.  

What? Yes, that was when the impact event occurred.   More than ninety percent of humanity wiped out in a day and most animal and plant life gone.  I had no way of knowing.  All I knew is that the promised emergency power supply kept functioning and I stayed frozen.  Locked, alone in a box, in cavern, buried beneath a million tons of dirt on a planet barely inhabitable.  Alive, aware and more lonely than you can imagine.  

Of course you can imagine being alone!  Not that alone though.  When you are alone you are away from your people.  You aren't trapped in a fucking box with no light, no hope of getting out and no sense of self.  That is being alone.  I never expected to see or speak to another living soul.

That is when I went insane.  I spent almost three hundred years living a life on a world full of magic and dragons and people.  I got married.  I had kids.  I conquered the world once then I died and came back to life.  Of course none of it was real but I was certain it was.  Well, mostly certain. Something always nagged and eventually the hallucinations began to unravel.  I remember waking up, screaming again because at least my insanity gave me a life I could bear.

Then you came.  After centuries of being alone and trapped, I saw the first glimmer of light break through the darkness.  I hadn't realized I had lost hope until it came flickering back to me.  I knew you couldn't hear me, but I kept screaming "Here I am. Here!  Find me, oh god, oh god, oh god, please, please find me."  

What?  God?  Oh, its a construct we used to have about some magical being that made everything.  No, I wasn't a believer but it was a common expression that everyone used.  Supreme Being?  Yes, I suppose that is the same thing as god.  Sorry, didn't mean to offend your beliefs.

Anyway, you found me.  The box had preserved me all that time!  I was, I am, so grateful to you for my rescue.   It was all that I hoped.

*They gently moved what was left of the creature's physical brain into the preservation jelly.  The world they had constructed would allow it to live out its natural life span, believing that it had been rescued by its fellows into a world built by them.  It was a pity but the majority of its physical body was too severely damaged by cryogenic process failure.  It is a miracle (Thank the One!) that even enough of the cerebrum had survived to preserve the creature's sense of self.*

*It correctly stated its mental condition as insane.  This entire species had been insane, according to the archaeological records that had been preserved.  The impact, which we had allowed the creature to assume was nearly species ending was actually self inflicted.  Global atomic warfare completed what destroying their climate had begun.  Everything destroyed.  Alone and unknown to us until happenstance found this site, this poor creature was the last of his species.  The least we could do is not tell him.*