This story was written on a phone in a moving truck sleeper. I'm being bounced like a basketball, so there may be errors.


\*beep beep beep\*

"Guhh".. my boyfriend Jason groans "five more minutes.. please"

I grin and smack him softly on the butt as I get up "fine, but that means you have to get the little ones dressed" 

Two cartons of eggs, 4 packs of bacon, 3 gallons of orange juice, 3 gallons of tomato juice. Just enough to feed a half dozen vampires, and a half dozen werewolves, a human, and my mate and I.

St Vulpes home for the gifted, a pleasant name for a sad place. In Joules county Georgia, and kid found to have "gifts" such as lycanthropy or vamperism find their way to our door. We have the luxury of being a national chain of homes, almost everything to do with paperwork and bills is handled by a home office, all we have to do is focus on rasing our kids.

Timmy and Tommy come running down first. Timmy turned out to have lycanthropy, and since they were twins their parents abandoned them both assuming Tommy would also turn out wolf. Tommy seems as normal a little human boy as could be. Given the person who I assume was their mother's attitude toward the twins, sometimes I darkly wonder if perhaps it was for the best they both came to live with us. It would certainly been tragic if they had been separated.

Joshua comes down the stairs, our 21 year old vampire helping some of the younger ones down the stairs. Technically, he isn't a resident anymore having gotten into the local University. Lucky, it is the policy of St Vulpes that it's our house to manage, so we of course allow our son to come home...

Their all my sons and daughters after all... I'd love for them to be adopted into homes where they didn't have to share bedrooms and have the attention they all deserve. But I love them all like flesh and blood 

"Coats"! I yell out. "School bus will be here any minute"

I watch as my little army walks out to the curb, the home sitting close to the street, but with a vast expanse of fence encosed Forrest behind it. I watch as the bus drives into the distance.

Joshua grins at me and my mate Hank before hugging us "about time for me to get to class too... Still on for the run tonight right"

"Definitely, I'll track you down if your not here." I say warmly. 

"Alright, Love you dads" he says before climbing into the seat of his beaten Civic and driving off.

The run was an event, held every full moon. Werewolves feel an intense need to change into their canid form under the full moon and run their territory. We decided to make it a monthly celebration, where all the kids could have fun and be themselves. The wolves would run and wrestle in their wolf forms, and the vampires and Tommy would play games and sing kareokie... Assuming they dont just run and play with their wolf.brothers and sisters. Which admittedly happened more often.

After spending the day cleaning and doing laundry for an army, I can hear the school bus pull up. Hank downstairs has snacks laid out.

When I'm putting the last of the clothes away, I feel a set of eyes on me. I turn and find Tommy, looking like he was building the confidence to ask me something, but now looking like a deer in the headlights.

"Hey buddy, what's up?"I say, taking a knee to get eye level with the boy.

"Daddy... Why am I different?" He squeaks out, looking shy and sad "why am I not a wolf or a vampire?".

The question took me by surprise, it took me a while to answer. "Because your gifted in other ways" 

He doesn't look convinced "like what?"

"You can keep up with the wolves when they run, and you know the vampire chants by heart. When someone new comes, you always their first friend. "

He looks up, more confident "yeah, your.right daddy..." 

"Your special boy... Now go do your homework. Sundown will be soon"

The dark reds of dusk start to give way to the stars in the sky, the full moon making itself known

Hank tosses his clothes aside, as he transforms into his gray and white wolf. Immedately, he's covered in pups gnawing and batting playfully. The tables are set and the pentagram is laid out for the ritualistic devouring of the pig blood we got from the butcher. 

As 10:00 presses down, we lead the kids into the house. Getting them showered and into bed.

Hank nuzzles into the crook of my neck. Amarous looks in his eye. "Hey.. doggy wants to bury his bone in  his favorite spot" he growls into my ear. I grin and whisper back, " only if I can get a quick bite first, I haven't had my man in too long.