He’s sitting by the door, awaiting the moment of truth; will I choose to abandon him or will I allow him to accompany me on a quest into the public domain? He’s tense, rigid. Through his eye’s I see a world of conflict, the hope of freedom weighed against the anxiety of potential rejection. I reach for the leash; instantly my four-legged homey rejoices with the all the tail wagging face licking let me jump on you bliss that so defines mankind’s best friend.


My dog (my mom’s douchebag boyfriend’s dog) is named Jaxxon, and he is a most fine beast indeed. I don’t want to tell you that he’s half golden retriever and half lab, because then you might mistakenly compartmentalize him along with the other canines of that breed. A categorical mistake such as this would betray the very palpable aura of heroic exceptionalness that he so effortlessly radiates. So rather I’ll simply say that if you want a mental image of him, then just imagine what Mufasa would look like if he was a dog. Yeah, you get it? Jaxxon is on some next level shit.


And now we’re in my car and it seems that Jaxxon is having a really hard time deciding whether he wants to sit in the back or ride shotgun; I make the choice easier for him by rolling down the front windows. Instantly he scrambles to the newly activated portal and shoots his drunken grin through it; that dude and chick from Titanic have nothing on Jaxx. Anything with more than two feet has their earholes assaulted with what I assume are friendly greetings, although it could be that Jaxx wants to make sure everybody sees him as he rides like a king towards whatever adventure lies ahead.


Fast forward a couple minutes and we’ve arrived at middle America’s version of a nature park. All dogs must remain on leash say’s the sign. Jaxxon and I lock eyes in a moment of united delinquency. We both know that the leash can be a useful prop in maintaining the illusion that we are simply a guy and his pet dog, but we also know that this façade comes at a heavy cost, a cost that Jaxxon’s continuous attempts to strangle himself with it are a constant reminder of. I unclip the choker, again we are equals.


Now we’re frolicking, and I mean some real heavy duty frolicking. The kind that puts hair on your chest. Together we bound across the sea of grass; we have no final destination but I suspect that we appear very eager to get there. I’m pretty quick for a human, but I’m clearly outclassed; Jaxxon compensates for my bipedal shortcomings by weaving and waning, zigging and zagging, careening and carooning, he’s here and then he’s not, he’s there and then he’s back.


I stop to catch my breath. Jaxxon looks my way with a sly smile, he’s obviously just getting started. I watch on in silent admiration as Jaxx bounds about with effortless poise, galloping about as only the king of the jungle can. He moves with the haste of Shadowfax and grace of Seabiscuit, the economy of motion that governs his stride is something that I suspect poets have dreamed of dreaming of since the start of time; I feel honored to be witnessing such a maverick of movement.


From the depths of Plato’s cave cackles a voice riddled with despair, PUT YOUR FUCKING DOG ON A LEASH YOU IDIOT.


Oh shit, I’m sorry, he broke away somehow. Come here boy!


Jaxxon knows the drill. He dutifully trots over to me and lowers his neck in Christ like submissiveness as I reluctantly reattach the symbol of thraldom.