Darkness.  Sudden, complete darkness.  But that wasn't the creepy part.  The creepy part was the silence.

I don't mean just really, really quiet, like in a full closet with the door shut. I mean silence. I couldn't hear the buzz of my own brain, or the blood pulsing through my veins. It was disturbing to say the least.

Even though I was fully aware, in that moment, of the complete *nothing* that I felt... no, didn't feel? I don't know the words for it. Anyway it felt like both an eternity, and a millisecond at the same time.

Like something biblical, out of the darkness came brightness, as sudden and complete as the dark, and in my ears the existence of the world came flooding back with a rush and a pop.

Somehow I wasn't in class any more. I found myself in a white, sterile looking room. There was some kind of IV in my arm and I was tingly.

Somewhere, a speaker crackled to life.

"You are safe," a reassuring voice said, "you are in a hospital. There was an accident, but you are safe. Please stay on the bed, for your own well being. Medical staff will be with you shortly."

I put my head back down on the pillow and used my eyes to look around the room. It was devoid of furnishings or equipment, except for my bed and the IV.  I lifted my arm to look closer. It seemed to be more than an IV, with several incredibly fine lines spreading out from a thicker tube piercing my skin in what seemed like dozens of different places.

A section of the wall near the foot of my bed slid open, and two people in odd uniforms stepped in quietly.

"Hello Steven. We are medics, and we are here to help you. Please remain calm while we run some tests.  My name is Casey, and this is Ryan. Tell me, how do you feel?"

Casey was speaking english, but the accent was somehow off.  It was different to the voice on the speaker.  With Casey, it was like he grew up everywhere, there were American inflections, South African rolls of the tongue, Irish lilts.

"I feel... confused. Where am I? What accident? Where is everyone?"

Casey and Ryan glanced at each other, and Casey nodded to Ryan while he used some kind of tablet.

Ryan spoke now. "Your school, the physics department, had been experimenting with a particle accelerator. They managed to create a micro-singularity, which took.... a lot longer to dissipate than theory suggested."

"How long?" I asked, slightly panicking now.

"30 years." Casey said solemnly. "The year is now 2050."

Casey's tablet started beeping as I passed out, back into quiet darkness.