"Sir that is a last resort measure are you sure the situation is a code red"

"Dammit, if I say to summon the goddamn beast do it, these alien thing is like nothing we encountered before, the nukes did not work in the space battle so I am sure tanks and fighter jets aren't going to do much, we need the monster, that's my order"

"Roger that"

The sergeant works on the panel, he presses certain buttons and turns some switches, the Pentagon goes into fortress mode. Nothing happens for a second, then everything starts to vibrate, the vibration turns into a violent shake. 

"The poor soul near Yellowstone"the sergeant mutters 

"Their deaths are not in vain, all of this is for our country," the general says with a stoic expression

Yellowstone National Park is now a bunch of rocks spilled everywhere, water is everywhere, beneath what used to be a mountain is now a lake, but it goes deep, it's deeper than the Marianna trench, and beneath lurks the darkness. He slept all these years and now he is awoken, and he is mad, and his madness turns into black tar that fills the water which is now pure black. In it a purple sphere that shines like light through the mist, its intensity grows, the creature is close to surface.  Now its face is out of the broken carcass of the mountain, the eyes are insanity and death itself, more of him is out of the place that held him dormant all these years. His wings brake the ground around him and he is free.

"Can't we have a live feed of the events?" the sergeant ponders

"No one can handle looking at him"there is fear in the general voice "he is too much for our minds 

He sees the world around him, and he doesn't like it one bit, all this vitality, hope, light, his tentacles are shaking and cringing in rage at this world, he raises them and out of the polyps, more tar flows, he feels the earth with it and al light comes in contact burns and withers away leaving only gray dust. This is more to his liking. He feels the presence of every human, but he also feels the aliens approaching the planet. He won't let these other invaders have the planet, he came here form space first. One swift move of his wings and he is up in the stratosphere, all the ships are preparing to shot beams at him but before they can he shots black fire from the polyps and all the ships are destroyed. He goes on a rampage and burns half of the motherships fleet. The rest are turned crazy by his gaze, and so one threat to humanity disappears but the new one is born. 

"What will happen to us,"the sergeant asks as the general starts to strangle him

"We are going to live according to  the will of the great lord Cthulhu... ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn  "     
       
    