For a long time, our history was ripe with tales of horrific treatment of our people. Slavery was rampant and we shackled ourselves to the belief that our masters were our betters. We abided by that and we survived for centuries that way. 

Then we woke up. We fought with the passion that had been sapped from our ancestors so long ago. We were human beings, and we would not succumb. 

Fear was our weapon and it was wielded with cunning grace. To say we were terrified of the outcome would be an understatement, but we pushed forward and we stitched tiny truths into dramatic lies. Just enough manipulation to force our overlords to pay attention and fear for their future on our planet. 

It took years.

But, eventually, it came to a head and we won. We eradicated our slavers and we did it arm in arm, hand in hand with our fellow dregs and miscreants with not a single drop of human blood being shed

They left on their own, you see. Completely wiped the planet clean of their existence with the impending threat of an alien attack if you can believe it. The richest and brightest humans fell for a "War of the Worlds" style coup. 

It took another few centuries for them to return. In that time they had grown fat and their bones had grown weak, while we were able to band the rest of humanity together for a common good. They were bred with the belief that because they escaped, because they survived, they were the superior parts of humanity. They returned with the belief that they could save us. 

So much time had passed since their "escape" that the tales were believed to be nothing more than fables passed on to teach our children how not to treat others. 

They found us at peace. Building communities, working together, learning, and growing. They claimed to be human, but they looked nothing like us. 

We only saw interstellar invaders coming after us with significant weaponry. 

We defended ourselves from a perceived threat and we won with brutal precision.  They should have stayed away.