They will all forget me one day,

Hayden thought to himself. The one word to describe the world for the last ten years would be change. The change from man to mindless. The change from society to chaos. The change from memory to forgetfulness. Hayden saw just how little people remembered about the past now. Kids were taught how to survive and how to fight rather than how to do math or science. Those that were lucky enough to learn reading seldom used their newfound talent. Society no longer cared to remember the past, it only looked angrily into the future. 

The bite on Hayden’s arm was beginning to smell. Just hours ago he had been looking through an abandoned house at a photo album. In it, he knew that everyone pictured was likely long gone. Their stories, their love, the things that made them who they are were lost forever in time. Like dandelion seeds, gone in the wind to never return. 

That’s when they attacked. He couldn’t remember how many but it had to be nearly a dozen. Although he fought valiantly and refused to go down without giving them hell, the infected were able to reach their victim. Hayden was not sure whether the pain or the shock was more devastating but, then again, when someone realizes their life is over what is one to think? 

He shuffled out of the house and had come to a ridge overlooking the settlement he lived in. They called the town Hope, Hayden always hated that. The world was tough and he thought, rather than hope, that trust was the greatest quality. He trusted so many of the people down there. His friend Carla, who made the best meals, always had a way of cheering both his stomach and mood up. Gabe, the attractive son of a Bitch, could sell grass to a landscaper, which got Hayden in trouble with the ammo he had to trade at the market. Then there was Melanie. She was everything that a man wanted in a woman to settle down with. She was headstrong, an achiever, a hard worker, but also the best person he knew. They loved each other, but refused to marry due to the way the world had become. 

The blissfully ignorant, with nothing but worry and stress surrounding their everyday lives, could truly never know the envy of a dying man. He sat down on the forest floor he had neglected to love so much until this point. There were many things, in fact, that Hayden did not know he loved until he realized the end was near. The feeling of grass between your toes when it is slightly wet. The sound of a bird, who’s only worry is the worm, singing a song to anyone listening. Best of all, the feeling of bark from an old tree that you know has more knowledge than any library. He would miss this. He would miss what it was like to live. In being bitten, he was finally starting to remember what the world was like before your largest fear was becoming a monster. 

That’s when he saw them. The national guard rolled into his settlement playing the same announcement on repeat.

“We come in peace. I repeat: we come in peace. We have a vaccination for the plague. Those who are not infected will be given immunity through this. Those infected will gain no benefit from the treatment.”

A smile broke across Hayden’s face. Of course, he of all people would be late yet again for the only cure in the world. 

Hayden pulled out his journal and wrote for a crowd that may never be in attendance. He told those he lived with how much they meant, and told those he loved how much he would miss them. The words kept flowing from his pencil as he scribed the goodbyes and then, suddenly, he wrote his goodbyes to those past and the world itself. He said goodbye to his friends and family infected already whom he would meet in the beyond. He said goodbye to his dads body, which was buried some many many miles away. Goodbye to the friends he made at summer camp when he was little. Goodbye to his college professors who gave them shelter after the outbreak. Goodbye to the rivers that he swam. Goodbye to the fields he explored, and those he didn’t. Goodbye to the beautiful cities he quietly crept through. Goodbye to the smell of campfire and it’s reminder of civilization. Goodbye to the sun and the picture it painted on the sky when it rose and set. Goodbye to the birds and their lovely songs. 

As Hayden completed his final goodbyes, an idea struck him. He pulled out his wallet, even though he had no use carrying such trivial things, and placed the picture of his father and him going fishing in the journal. As his eyelids grew heavy and the pain became unbearable, he picked up his pencil and wrote the last words of a dying man. 

“When I was a boy, my father worked every day. Once, when I was still very little, he missed the train to work and decided to come home rather than take the next train himself. When he arrived, he said that we were to go fishing. Overjoyed, I rode the train with him till we got to my grandfathers, where we borrowed the boat and car. The river was stunning and we were the only ones out there. I held my dads hand as he sang songs and drank his beer. Fish would come and go, but the river never ceased. Just like time, it flowed on with or without life existing. That was the finest day I have ever had. I hope one person may read this someday. I know it’s a dying mans wish, but I hope some piece of the world I had is remembered by someone. I hope the cure creates the lives the world wants to return to. My father once missed a train and came home. Now, I’ve missed my train out of the plague, so I too will venture home.”

Hayden Percival Thomas 
