"Minister?" said the secretary. The minister was much too tired to look at her, to talk to her. He grunted a murmur. 

"It's... the Queen. She's taken ill. We have about an hour until this hits the news." 

"Taken ill?" It seemed unlikely at this point that anything could get into her immune system. The Iron Lady was after all, just a lady. Even she fell. The Queen on the other hand, she must be made of much stronger stuff. NASA grade material.

"Yes, minister, she's in a medically induced coma." The minster stood up. "Good Lord, a coma?" The minster rushed out the door, leaving his secretary behind. 

The minister was the first to arrive, at least after family. He saw his old friend Willy, the next in line to the throne. Willy's wife was there, his brother, a few minor royals. But William, he was the most important man in the room, and perhaps soon to be the most important in the country. 

"William, I came I soon as I heard. What's going on?" William, I noticed wasn't looking at me when he told me that she collapsed, fell down a few stairs. He looked towards a TV, the news had caught wind of an ambulance at Windsor. 

From the doors of the Royal Wing, a team of nurses, and doctors had came into the lobby. They looked stressed, as if they were to announce bad news. "Prince William, we need you. Please follow us." I'll always remember the look Willy made at me. Not quite confusion, not quite stress. 

The Royal Lobby, as it turns out, was much like any other hospital waiting room. The chairs were better, but nicer chairs didn't make the wait of news any easier. William cam back, by himself. He looked towards his wife and his brother. The three huddled together. Whispers. 

William looked at me, his face tripping him. "I told them to do anything to save the Queen. They had ideas... but not permission."

Their ideas, it turns out, was to convert some of her organs into machine. Do what God couldn't. The Queen made a full recovery, I'm sure you're aware. She was better than new, upgraded to the best that biomech science could muster. Every year she would get tuned up. Her veins were replaced with wiring, her heart would be swapped for better power cells each year. At 124, she was more machine than human. The Titanium Lady we called her.

