(I started with an idea in my head and I never figured it would lead to what it is now, hope you enjoy)

"Ma'am....ma'am....." I tried to gain the woman's attention to give her dropped wallet back to her, "...Cassia".  She turned slowly, a soft smile on her face.  She had one arm under an elbow across her chest and a hand under her chain as if to think about what she wanted to eat today. 

Her smile never left her face, "Well now, isn't that a name I haven't heard in quite some time." I didn't understand what she meant by that but it felt like this woman held a lot of secrets - her soul felt thick and dense.  I never felt anything like this before.  

"You dropped your wallet," I quickly handed it up to her.  She took it from me with a slow hand, never taking her eyes off of me.

"You're an interesting boy," She blinked...slowly.  Everything about her was slow and on purpose. "How did you know that name?"

"It was a good guess?" I felt stuck, the way she held herself weighed down on me, an invisible pressure.  I nervously shifted weight between my feet.

"There's no need to be nervous.  That was quite the guess, nobody usually guesses Ancient Roman names. What's your name?"  She asked.

"Ben" I replied.

"Just Ben?"

"Benjimen Bauford the third" I lied.  There was a moment of silence, as if she didn't believe me.  I stood there uncomfortably trying to figure this woman out.  Here she was in the middle of the bible belt USA with an ancient Roman name and a soul so dense and thick she could be a billion people...

"You have other names," I blurted out.  I winced, visibly embarrassed of the way he came across and scared something might happen.

"Many." She replied softly, lowering her eyes to the floor.  They dance danced about as if to look for something.  As if finding what she was looking for, she looked back up at me and continued, "but Cassia is the only name my father gave me.  The rest others or myself had chosen.  Do you know what those names are?"

I grew more nervous, it became hard to stand still. I thought hard about what the names could be, usually this came to me quickly and easily. After a few minutes I gave up, "I don't know...what are your other names?" I was shaking slightly, I don't know what I should be feeling now.  Her presence here was overpowering and I was drowning in its influence. 

"Relax," she said bluntly, her face hardening ever so slightly but not enough to scare. "Take a deep breath and feel."

I closed my eyes and took a deep breath and let it out, and another breath, and out again. I was only half right about her, her soul is thick AND dense...but it was also moving.  I don't understand it, I've never felt anyone else like this. With my eyes closed I can almost see it moving past - black sand moving in black space with only a dim light from what seemed like light years away giving me any vision. I reached out to feel it with my mind - it did feel like sand, but with it came a flood of information.  I jerked my hand back.  A brief moment of contact and his head was throbbing - full of memories and thoughts and ideas.  Hundreds of thousands of memories.  Billions.  He didn't know what to do with them, there was no way to sort it, to use it - it was one big blur. 

"As you reach out, try and have an idea what it is you're looking for." A distant voice rang out.

"Ma'am!? What's going on," I replied uncertainly. 

"Keep your eyes closed.  Ask yourself what my name is and reach out again, I can feel you.  You have soft hands, you must moisturize."  She half teased me and I still wasn't sure if she was a friend yet. 

I reached out again.  "Jessica," I said at once.  

"Yes, that is me today.  Can you find out who I was 400 years ago?" I could hear a gentle tone in her voice, very motherly.

"Ana'th Terhaul?" I said quizzically.  I was unsure what I would be saying when I said it.

"Close enough," She laughed!

I reached out again, but this time I didn't want to know her name. "Wow!" I exclaimed and opened my eyes quickly. My mind snapped back to normal and I almost fell backwards in shock.  "You're...old."

"Yes, haha, but you're not supposed to talk about a woman's age like that!" She laughed and her smile grew larger. 

"But...you're 1,425,622,122 years old!" He nearly yelled loud enough for the people at the front of the store to hear.

"Even I didn't know that.  Years go by so quickly these days." She said quietly, her eyes looking back down at the floor. 

"But how!? Are you a god?" 

"Heavens no.  I'm human...or I am...but I'm not.  It will be difficult to explain."

"I've got time"

"Not here....let's get something to drink."

We found ourselves a corner coffee shop, I had opted for a cold sweet drink and she chose a latte. 

"I am human.  But I'm not" Cassia continued the conversation from earlier. "I'm also 1 and a half billion years old, but I've only been here for 300 years.  Am I confusing you yet?"

"Oh yes indeed." I replied.

"I am only the 2nd longest living being in known existence. The 1st is my father."

"I didn't know gods...."

She interrupted, "He was...IS human.  Both the good and evil in him, it's human nature.  It was a very difficult thing for me to learn when I grew up....being ripped apart between the difference of feeling right and wrong versus' knowing right and wrong." She stopped and took a breath. "I understand it sounds confusing. I am human - but I was not born with a biological body like you were. It was something that took a lot of pain and effort to grow and nurture after I was born." She paused and looked at me deeply, was she waiting for something?

The question began to boil in me, "Then how were you born?"

"With the flick of a power switch."
