For a minute, I looked at my girlfriend's body on the asphalt. Her legs were still twitching, but the curds of blood and brain on the street made clear there was no hope for her. A heavy set, broad shouldered police officer stood over her, his sidearm still smoking.

"A textbook case of jaywalking," he said with a smug grin. His face was covered in a greyish five o'clock shadow even though it was still early in the morning, while all his hair was stark black, an obvious dye job. He had a faint scent of body odor on him. His partner, a much thinner, younger man, looked on with an obvious look of distaste. The body cam mounted on his shoulder looked on with its blank, blinking red light.

"She was just stepping out to see if the bus was coming," I said. There was no emotion in my voice. She must have forgotten that this was the second annual Zero Tolerance Day. President Bannon had signed it into law only two years ago. Either that, or she didn't think of stepping out to see the bus as jaywalking.

"You questioning my authority, son?" The large cop's voice went disturbingly flat. "We need to bring you up on a disturbing the peace charge?"

"No, no sir," I said quickly. I looked at him silently, I don't know for how long. It's weird how time stretches and speeds up during crisis situations. Details you wouldn't imagine stick out while others, more important, go unnoticed. (I still can't remember the sound of my girlfriend getting shot.) Like how big, dark-haired cop's body cam wasn't blinking.

"Why isn't your body camera on?" I asked. I didn't do it with any plan; I thought I was supposed to say something; I didn't know what.

The cop turned to it annoyedly. "Must have forgot. Who gives a shit?"

The other cop looked at him coldly. "It's the law, dumbass. You have to have it on all the time. Especially today."

I remembered then President Bannon's speech the day the law was passed. In it, he bragged with his usual bluster about how it would not only cut down on crime, but also provide easy revenue for the government. One provision of the law required police officers to film every kill, ostensibly for evidence, but really so that the government could collect ad revenue when footage of the killings was posted on the government's official website for the holiday.

The younger officer drew his gun as the other blubbered to explain. "For violation of the Zero Tolerance Day Act, I hereby sentence you to summary execution." 

The shot echoed through the street.