Part 2:

Part 1 here: https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/60l6bl/wp_area_51_has_four_level_emergencies_for_a/df82nls/

April 2012. When it all happened. When I decided to change the world.

Area 96 just flubbed a routine UFO retrieval and we were called to help out. These UFOs had been raining down for the past couple of months, and they all looked the same: Dark grey pod-like structures, about 6 feet in length, seating one, with a single thruster. The ship was autonomous though, and it didn’t have anyone piloting it. It also had a large bay area, obviously used for storing something

The onboard cloaking tech aboard the UFO in Area 96 had somehow activated, and it managed to roll away undetected. I had just started as a Junior Analyst at Area 51 then, and I was allowed to go out into the field as I had intimate knowledge of cloaking tech. It was a huge fiasco, and we managed to pass it off as a manhunt to the media.

Finally, after almost two weeks, I found it. Nobody in the search party trusted my expertise, which was normal for me, since this was how it had always been for me ever since I started at Area 51. I knew that cloaking tech was extremely power consuming. It would take about a day of solar power for 10 minutes of active time. Therefore it had to be under direct sunlight or some other power source. It didn’t matter what I knew though, because, to my superiors, I was a Junior Analyst, clearly incapable of thinking logically. So I set out by myself, violating orders.

An hour in, and my calculations led me straight to it. I found it. Just then, I heard the radio buzz to life:”Everybody fall back, we have retrieved the package.” Needless to say, I had found another one of these, one that had managed to fly under the radar. My first instinct was to call it in, but I second guessed myself, None of them knew how to properly exploit this technology. All we did all day was ‘preliminary testing’, nothing else. I had a few ideas, but, as usual, I was ignored.

I decided to take it for myself, and tried to utilize the technology. The ship wasn’t damaged at all, which was odd, because, having a single thruster, it couldn’t have decelerated on reentry enough for a gentle landing. I rented a warehouse to store it, and fiddled with it for a day. 

I was in the cockpit, trying to pry off what looked like a control panel, when suddenly, the ship whirred to life. It sealed itself and prepared to launch. I was petrified, but curiosity got the better of me. I made no attempt to stop it, and it launched. The interior was pretty barebones-no windows, nothing. I wasn’t even sure it had a ventilation system. Regardless, there was no doubting the ship’s speed. It was fast, faster than most jets. The escape velocity for Earth is 12km/s, which requires insane thrust. Somehow, I knew that this was much faster than that.

I felt the ship heat up, and the metal became warm to the touch, then, a sudden silence. No more rumbling from hitting the atmospheric particles at high speed. Just silence. Thankfully, the ship had apparently sucked in air from Earth’s atmosphere to use as a pressure regulator, so I was fine, for the moment.

Then the rumbling started again, and this time, it was violent. The ship lurched at a precarious angle, and it careened sideways. The ship started vibrating, and the ride was so rattling I felt like I was going to throw up yesterday’s dinner. Then, everything became calm once again, and the ship started to slow down, I froze with fear. What if we were enroute to a planet inhabited by cannibalistic extraterrestrials? I had nothing to protect myself, except the wrench I had from trying to pry open a part of the ship.

I felt a jolt, and the ship wasn’t moving anymore. We had arrived. The pod opened, and I took a deep breath, though I wasn’t sure how long that would last. The pod opened, and my gut wrenched. What I saw in front of me shocked me. Humans. Lots  of them. On closer inspection, they appeared to be humanoid. They had no ears, and were all bald. Everything was stark white, and everyone was looking at me.

One of them stepped up to me and spoke, moving his humanoid mouth very little,

“What are you doing here, human?” 

I couldn’t answer, because I was struggling to hold my breath, and failing.

“The atmosphere is similar to your planet’s, human. Breathe.”

I took a gasp of air, and it instantly reminded me of the woods I used to camp in. It was so fresh.

“I will ask you again. What are you doing here?”

ME:”You….speak English?”

“Is that what you call this language? I do not know. The universal translator translates for me.”

ME:”Oh...uh...where am I?”

“Human, answer my question.”

ME:”Uh, I have no clue. Your ship just trapped me and brought me here.”

“I see. Clearly, a technical error.”

He turned to what seemed like his colleagues, and began talking at ridiculous speeds, in some unknown language. I took in the view. The architecture was….breathtaking. I’ve never seen anything like it. Large spiral columns wound around the central area, where we were standing. Everything was white, and the lights were positioned on the columns, though I saw no wiring anywhere. The floor was white, polished to a mirror-like sheen. I saw what seemed like a laboratory, and I saw no imperfections. Everything looked refined, and I marvelled at it.

“Human, we are taking you to our leader.”

I was jolted from the utopia-induced trance I was in by the humanoid.

ME”Uh...okay. Hey, what is this place?”

“You wouldn’t understand the name.”

Saying this, he started to walk, beckoning me to follow him. Having nothing else to do, and deeply intrigued, I followed. We walked through a maze of white. Everything was white. The floors, the steps, the massive elevator. The humanoid walked through a force-field looking door, which was translucent, and  it pulsed with energy. He told me to wait, and, a few seconds later, the force-field powered down, and I walked through.

The chamber I entered next, was massive. The ceiling was high up and a chandelier the size of a space shuttle was swinging from it. The light from the chandelier glowed blue, dousing the room in a bluish hue. 

Another humanoid, looking much like the first, stepped down from the pedestal in the centre of the room, and approached me

“Ah, a human. Never seen one up close. I feel sad for your kind.”

ME:”What?Why?!?!

“Oh, Earth is in the sights of the intergalactic don, Ka’a. He demolishes everything to get what he wants.”

ME:”The humans can take him.”

A bout of laughter ensued.
“Not likely, human. Even we, with our technological expertise could not contest his power.”

ME:”Who are you people?”

“In your language, we are called “The Scavengers”.”

ME:“The…..Scavengers?”

“Yes. That is because all we have built has been modified from other worlds, including yours. Where else do you think your defunct satellites go?”

ME:”So, that’s why you sent those ships.”

“Yes, a couple were faulty, and crashed onto your planet. You can keep them though. They were all made with your technology.”

ME:”But that technology was too advanced to be human. That cloaking tech, and the hyper-speed….Impossible.”

Another laugh
“That is what you think. Yet, with proper implementation, we built ships that could withstand the gravity of a wormhole.”

That’s what the rumbling was. We actually went through a black hole.

ME:”Wow. We actually built that?”

“Yes, human. Are you their leader?”

ME:”No, they don’t even regard me as an equal.”

“You’ve got that spark. The hunger for power. I see it in your eyes.”

All of a sudden, I was filled with hatred, and as he said, the hunger for power. I thought of my superiors. The Senior Analysts, the Director, even the General. All buffoons. They had no idea what they were doing. I felt, no, I knew that I would rule better.

“I’m interested now. If you want help to take over your planet, I might be of assistance.”

ME:”Wha...How did you..”

“I know all, human. I know that look. Besides, I have a grudge against the humans. I offered them help, long ago, in return for a favour, but they said they would keep me on standby. STANDBY. I, ruler of the Scavengers, ON STANDBY?!?!?“

The desire to own and change the world overcame me. I realised that, with the technology that this race had to offer, I could become unstoppable. Nothing and noone would be in my way.

ME:”I could help you with that favour, once I take over my planet. With your technology, it should be easy.”

“Very well, human. All I ask is for a continent on your planet where I can set up an outpost, for research.”

ME:”It’s possible.”

“Then we have a deal. I will support you with troops and weaponry, and in return you shall give me a continent.”

Me:”Deal.”

They launched me back to Earth, and I suspected no-one on Earth  would miss me.

If only they knew.

