Some days are easier than others, the days when someone sells 5 points of their soul to fufill a wish to get their dream job. Other days are tougher, people who sell half their soul to change the opinions of others; making someone love you costs a pretty penny and leaves even someone like me sick to my stomach.

The worst are the days when someone sells their entire soul. That’s when you know you have to do something terrible. And you understand why the cost is so high.

To get to my position, you had to do something to lose the whole thing. The worst part, you lose all memory of what you sold your soul for, you won’t even get to know if it was even worth it.

When you enter the land of the living, you know how much you will be taking from your summoner as well as the time period and location. Gives you time to prepare your speech, brush up on the local beliefs and languages. Beats going in blind.

I got a call today, and I knew it was going to be a bad day. At least it was around my time, makes things a little easier.

I’m transported to a darken room. My breath slowly breathes in the damp cold air. I don’t know how long I’ve been doing this for but I’ll never get used to that feeling as getting your breath back. I blink. Why is it always in a basement? I don’t have many wishes nowadays but I take the small victories where I can get them. I would say seeing the sky and the trees is worth living for but I don’t do much living nowadays.

I blink again and observe my surroundings, the only light in the space are from the candles at my feet, the circle it illuminates looks flimsy and scrawled. I’m shocked that it even worked, it looks like it was done in crayon. I see the dim outline of a staircase and a boiler on the far wall but my eyes are drawn to the man who summoned me.

Or should I say, the child.

This doesn’t happen often. When it does, it causes a lot of headaches. Children never understood what it meant to sell even one point of your soul. To gain that back, you must live a year of life without sin. The cost is high and many never gain it back. When you sell your complete soul, there is no way to get it back.

I never had a child wish for something worth an entire soul. I knew I couldn’t complete this contract.

I looked him in the eye, “Look kid...”

My breath caught in my throat. I looked at a long forgotten image that I’ve seen in mirror hundreds of times in my life. I felt a sharp pain on the side of my head. The long forgotten memories came flooding back. Then I heard it, the footsteps that haunted my life. Hard, angry steps walked towards the stairs.

I looked at my younger self once again. I saw the look in his eyes that my father saw every time he got angry. There wasn’t any question now. Removing myself from this hell on earth was worth every minute of living in the hell I live in now. The child in front of me will learn that lesson too.

I walked out of the circle, the flames of the candles danced as I start my approach to the stairs, to meet my devil head on.