*Part I:*

Savannah High School crawls with all of life's struggles. 

There is war amongst the Gazelles as they battle for their place amongst the starting line up. The Hyenas are behind the auditorium passing around an insect carcass (Clockwise, always clockwise.) in a game to satiate their hunger and distract themselves from the constant threat of stronger, better looking, and questionably cooler predators that lurk usually only to harass. 

But one struggle reigns supreme in this divided landscape. One of more intrigue and suspense than any chase will give. 

*It's mating season.*

Tailfeathers are coifing. A secret potion of aphrodisiac wafts about sending signals meant for only one. Lonely dances are performed in the open for all to see in an eternally vain attempt to attract a mate. 

Sadly for some, love will never come. They will die at 18 having never fulfilled the demands of their maddening instinct. 

But for others, success is one neck wrestle away. 

Meet our friend the Giraffe. In order for him to even enter the pool of consideration, he must assert his dominance. 

Here he approaches the females, but he's not alone, every step toward the herd brings unwanted attention from the other males. 

He continues, he must. 

As he gets ever closer his opponent gallups into his path with a halting violence. A small curtsey is given before first contact is established. With an Incredible-Flailing-Arm-Man agility our hero rings the first blow. Like two long flexible corn dogs they smash and half flop around eachother. A silent scream is let out by the challenger. He mentions something about "his cousins" and "next Monday" and returns to safety in numbers. 

Our candidates trial is merely half over. 

*Part II:*

He must completely changed his manner. He has established his dominance over the males but this was not the goal no matter what coach says. His mission was prophesized by pheromones in the air which set off a cascade of near manic decision making processes that led him to his mate. 

He spotted her years ago, he knew he liked her. They even neck wrestled themselves when they were babies. But this was different, he has just nearly murdered another giraffe for her attention. 

She knows that. She must know. The whole herd knows as they stare at his next move.

The female giraffe has the final say on copualtion. Although impressed with our protagonists valor and decisive combat skills. Her body will only give in to tenderness. She wants a sensitive giraffe.

He knows this game well, or thinks he knows. He must approach submissively. Erratic movements will only label him a spaz. He's still vibrating from battle but he must try. As if with front hooves in pants pocket, he sidles into the female group with confident calm. They all watch as he bends down and puts his mouth into their urine puddles, delicately​ sampling each one, he hoofs left until he finally tastes the estrus, his estrus. 

He lifts his long neck and with her liquid gold still rivering down his neck for what must be minutes until it reaches his little front chest, he meets eyes with his destiny. She see's him. Finally someone see's him. He leans in and she doesn't protest. She turns her neck away from him, he rests his wet mouth on it and leaves it there. 

A champion. 

*It really sucks that I finally decided to do a WP on the same day everyone else did :(