Well farming is hard work no doubt about it, but I think i underestimated it. I came out here 

hoping to find some sense of purpose, some attachment to the earth. But at the end of the day 

its just a lot of dirt and hard work. I finally caved in and got an AutoTrac, now all I do is 

supervise the thing and do a few tasks here and there which meant I had a lot of time to think. 

Once again I started pondering on finding a sense of purpose which is why i came out here in the 

first place. Thinking of purpose I realized you dont really see much religious people nowadays, 

or really any now that I think about it. Such ideas have been relegated to the past, a time when 

people knew less about the world. But the thought sparked an interest in me, I searched for a 

bit of info on the net to get some ideas and decided to try my hand at building a small temple 

or shrine. 



Well I cant say It was very well built as it was my first time working with an antiquated 

building material like wood, but it looked and felt the part. finally I walked in and placed a 

candle on the altar. Candles seem to have been a big thing in past religion. I was admiring my 

craftsmanship or lack thereof when I heard the sound of Enforcer sirens coming from the 

direction of my hab. I stepped outside and saw the enforcer armored vehicle parked in the front 

entryway to the farm. I was walking out to it when I saw its back open and two...no three 

enforcer droids step out. I thought this strange and stopped walking, "no human monitors?" The 

droids saw me and started walking towards my direction and I saw them undock their weapons. 



This 
freaked me and I ran back into the temple and shut the door. "Could it be a mistake? Theres no 

way Ill live long enough to find out at this rate!" I was crouched inside as I heard their 

footsteps get close and stop all around the shoddy wooden temple. I thought maybe I still had a 

shot at living through this mistake but then I heard their weapons activate and I knew I was 

done. I clasped my hands together while kneeling and prayed "Oh God if there even is a God out 

there please help me!" Just then upon uttering my prayer the solitary candle lit up with a flame 

like magic. I stared at the flame awestruck "Is this..." just then a blinding light filled my 

vision as I covered my eyes and crouhed down.  A cacophany of sound erupted all around me as the 

light brightened even more! I couldnt see but I could hear all around me the sound of what 

seemed to be an inferno, as if I was dropped into the heart of an incinerator. The light faded 

away and I slowly opened my eyes, having to adjust my eyes I could barely believe what I saw. My 

small wooden temple was gone, all around me were the charred remains. Along with this were the 

three enforcer droids, three charred half melted metal skeletons. Quickly turning around I 

looked and saw before me what had answered my prayers. On the remains of the temple roared a 

fire that seemed alive emanating light. "who...what are you? Are you...God?" Then I heard a 

voice that seemed to come from nowhere and everywhere at the same time. "I AM THE SOURCE" "YOU 

HAVE CALLED OUT TO ME AND I HAVE LISTENED". I looked around me at the remains of the droids and 

he spoke: "YOUR SILICA ANIMUS, THAT ABOMINABLE INTELLIGENCE YOU CALL YOUR CREATIONS. AN EMPTY VESSEL FOR THEM TO INHABIT". "For them? who is them? what does that mean?". "GO WESTWARD, TRAVEL LIGHTLY AND FEAR NOTHING, FOR I AM WITH YOU...ALWAYS". 

Just then the flame died down and extinguished. I was shaken and my legs were weak, but I was also excited as i packed what I could while keeping it light enough to carry. I stood on the path looking back one last time at my farm, the AutoTrac had stopped and was immobile in the field. I walked off looking at my map, "I guess I'm going back to the city again..."