The first emergency alert was for Ice-Nine. The alert was as cryptic as all the rest, but the vague warnings, along with his own observations and a bit of esoteric knowledge was enough for Hubert to figure out what was going on.

At first he was kinda excited that his super awesome doomsday shelter would be put to good use; but you can only be cooped up inside drinking recycled water with only a dog and HAM radio for company for so long before going insane.

Eventually an egg-head down in Tokyo figured out a very precise wordwide seismic  waveform to wobble the world's water back into... well water instead of ice. And things eventually settled back to normal; minus a good portion of the world's population and biological diversity.

Or at least things were normal for two weeks

> Stay inside until after the eclipse. Do not look at the eclipse. Avoid buildings with weak foundations. 

That was the time gravity turned sideways for all right-handed people for around 7 minutes. Hubert wasn't sure if looking at the eclipse would do anything, or if the men down in washington were thinking about eye health.

> Do not be alarmed. Avoid natural shadows. If you have entered shade do not fall asleep until further notice.

Hubert wasn't even sure what that one was about. Or what constituted "shade". It was cloudy where he was, he never heard any follow up instructions, and his HAM radio buddies were oddly reticent to discuss the matter.

> This is an emergency alert. Do not listen to this or any other emergency alerts for the next 24 hours. Especially if they suggest looking at the MOON, looking at the SKY, looking at the OCEAN, touching a TREE, or turning to a specific RADIO channel.

Some alerts were so bizarre that you had no choice to just huddle down inside playing videogames for awhile, this was one of them. Just to be safe Hubert avoided playing any games with outside scenery. Apparently the moon  people had made a failed gambit to take over the united states... or something.

> DO NOT BE ALARMED.

That was all it said. Not to be alarmed. At this point Hubert was just tired of it all. The next one was probably gonna be were-space-ant vampires or something at this rate.

The radio hummed to life once more,

> This is an Emergency Alert. Barricade all entries to your house. Do not go outside after sundown. Restrict contact with others. Do not enter tunnels during daytime. Do not make any light or noise between 6PM and 8AM. Stay inside your homes until dawn. Military aid is unavailable. Good luck.

