As I trudge into a cold and echoed room all I've imagined did not prepare me for the reruns.

Growing up I had never really had the best relationship with my Mother; She and I argued over the stupidest of things, and to the point she had even disowned me for 'disobeying' her. I dreaded watching this through again. Not for the pain I felt nor the thoughts that followed her hateful words: for the chance all my hate was unprecedented- for the chance I was truly wrong, that she did truly love me as a mother loves her son- was what had me shaking in my skin.

I pass by the early years. I relive the faint memories of my father and I playing Donkey Kong on snes, to be broken up by mom screaming. 

I see my brother, a newborn at this time, in my arms smiling up at the world- unaware of what awaited him. 

I relive the times I held him, shaking, as dishes crashed to the floor of our kitchen, taking flakes of paint with them and spreading tiny ceramic shards across the checkered tiling.

Fast forward and I see my 16'th birthday. I asked if Id be allowed to have my friend, Nate, come over to play some games. This was NOT what she wanted to hear- Its as if I grew a bullseye on my face, and the only ammunition she had was the mug of steaming coffee in her hand. It hit.

Now I see myself at 21, sitting on top of my deep freezer in the first house I've gotten with my fiancee, telling my mother I hate her over the phone. I utter "Ill be sure the next time you see me is at your funeral, as Ill show to shit on your grave and wipe my ass on your tombstone" before hanging up.

These were the last words I ever spoke to my Mother.

6 months following this call, she took her life- Overdosed on painkillers, and with no note.
I'd always wondered what drove her to do it. Now I know.

"Im sorry for the pain Ive caused, for the misery Ive put you, your brother, and my family through. Ive been of 2 minds, and neither of them are healthy. Im sorry. I love you guys."

Her thoughts seered into my mind, burned like a caddles iron over hot coals and pressed into my thoughts for eternity- as it was this hate, this anger, which had fueled my every move.

I came to Hell expecting to suffer, and suffer I am. Both my past life, and after life.
