I was sick of hearing about the town’s problems.

Had there been a number of disappearances in recent weeks? Sure. But there had been a number of merchant ships disembark in that time too, and every ship needs a crew and attracts travelers, right? I can’t tell you how many times I’ve had a salty drunk patronizing the Chrystal Pistol Tavern inquirin’ about a sword, ward, horde, or looking to get paid for passage and board.

And yes, there have been tales of creatures roaming the town, but we’re on the gods’ damned sea. What port town worth a care doesn’t have the odd traveler roving the streets? Granted, whatever destroyed Tappet’s place–well, his whole block to be fair–that is a bit worrisome, but most of that stuff is happening in the inner-city anyway. Don’t need the rumors and fear-mongering affecting my business! And that’s what brings me to tellin’ you about her.

For all my years here at the Pistol, I’d only seen a few like her, and could immediately tell she was trouble, but... damn, was she pretty. I turned away, shaking off the reflex, and set my mind to prepare for the flurry of orders she was likely to inspire through her acceptance, rejection, or the inevitable jealousy.

In order to prepare for the oncoming rush, I pulled out a few more bottles and casks, had identified what barrels the patrons may want, and had wiped clean a number of mugs and glasses... but nothing could have prepared me for what came next

As I pulled up the bottle of pulque and the cask of mead, I scanned my tavern through the back-facing mirror. What I saw made me set down the bottle and drop the cask... one more gently than the other.

At the sound of broken glass, several patrons broke from their paralyzed states to make for the door; several others remained paralyzed; just a few grabbed what was at hand and rushed towards the beautiful newcomer.

There were two patrons that reacted differently, at least, and I think no one else noticed them because of their vantage. I hadn’t noticed them after the singing at first, but something deep within me–perhaps my years here at the pistol–let me notice the telltale exchange. They had been drinking and unwinding as anyone else would not half a moment ago, but now...