My parents sold, bartered, and borrowed, dropping every penny they could get, theirs or not, on the treatment. They'd seen how powers had become necessary to survival, and they needed to know their child would survive.

I grew up poor, with the dream that I'd have powers after puberty. We had no idea what it would be, Mom and Dad couldn't afford the post-treatment analysis, so they made sure I knew how all the powers worked. After school, every day we dropped by the library. If some super was giving a free talk, they'd drag me there. It only got more rigorous after Mom died. Dad threw himself into it, saying it was OK, as long as I was super, it was worth the cancer she got from the treatment.

Then, the summer before my senior year of high school, it happened. I was eating lunch with some friends, cracked my knuckles, and the glow, barely visible, started. I didn't even notice. My friends were so excited for me, my powers finally coming in. Next year, when we all realized the glowing was all I'd get, they felt sorry for me. They drifted away, and I was treated just like the powerless. Only I couldn't get the scholarships for college that the powerless can. I couldn't get the government assistance. I was in a worse situation than my parents could have imagined.

Dad slid into depression, and died, officially, from a stroke. Unofficially, everyone knew he died of shame.

I debated what to do. I had middling grades in school, having done just the minimum to get by, spending study time learning about powers I'd never have. I couldn't afford college, and I couldn't pass any testing for military service, so I just...drifted through the rest of high school. I did graduate, but I know some of the passing grades were out of pity.

Then I went to the city with some powerless friends, caught a movie, and then learned they weren't really friends. I was left holding drinks while they all snuck out the other door of the restroom and drove back home. I got mad.

When I realized what happened, I stormed down the sidewalk towards a bus station. Problem was, they chose a theater in the worst part of town. So, of course, I get mugged. By a blinker. He just appeared in front of me, knife at my gut. Of course it's a mugger with powers. But instead of being scared, I was still angry. I shoved him back, with set off my knuckles. Then as he went to blink, years of training kicked in. I could see the telltale dust, moving to a point behind me, so I dropped and swept my leg around. The knife would have been at my throat. Instead, it tumbled through the air as he fell. He blinked again as I caught the knife. I followed the dust trail and had the knife in his throat as he reappeared.

It's amazing how fast an audience forms for a powered fight. Unfortunately, the trial didn't go well. It was obvious self-defense, but they assumed I had unregistered powers, a more serious crime than murder. 

The analysis would take 6 months, and without knowing what I could do, they locked me in the highest security prison they could. With the guys who could control crowds of minds, who could cause earthquakes.

I was mad for that 6 months, and they only made me madder. Half the people in there hadn't done anything wrong. They'd got analysis young and were deemed to powerful. They'd had worse lives than me. And the guards, all powered individuals, treated them just like the monsters who used lesser powers for vicious deeds.

I'm out now. The analysis showed I was telling the truth. They assume I got lucky. But I know better. They can fly and run and warp reality. I can crack my knuckles to make my fingers glow. But now, I know who the real villains are, and I know how all their powers work.