The alarm chimes, his hand reaches across me to silence it. I glance to the clock, 6:30 am- 7212. The counter beside the time the only indication, today wasn't the first version of this day. The Reset doesn't allow you to see what happened, only lets you know that it did. The only memory that stays with me is his fingers. Between hazy, half wake eyelashes I watch them stretch to silence the morning. His fore arm across my breast a heavy deja vu. I never know why but I hold him there a little longer. 


The day is always the same, that part never changes. When they introduced The Reset they were clear about that. Every morning, I smile, imagining the day I had chosen over and over again, it must have been perfect. We decided once we both had gone in for our implants. We would only use it for the good days. Heard horror stories of people who had tried to use The Reset to change things. The ripple that tore open in the timeline. The worried faces at the press conferences. The scientist couldn't explain where or when they went, they just knew they were gone. We swore we wouldn't risk it, no matter what happened. Only the good days. 


The day is always the same. A slow Saturday. Brunch in the city. A winding drive to our favorite ruins. Sunset by the stream. He takes me in his arms and we watch the world settle. I burrow my head to his chest, breathe him in, listen to his heart. Tell him I love him. He tells me I better. Each reset I'm sure, this must be it. The day he asks me to be his wife. As we climb the embankment I'm always sure. 7212 times.


His fingers intertwine through mine and he leads me to the road. I kick a pebble that jumps and scrapes into the curve. 7212 times. He catches me smiling, smiles back. Looks at me like a man who's sure. We never see it coming. 


He pushes me, 7212 times. The rocks dig into my knees and palms, ripping them open.  7212 times. I only ever hear it, the crush of bone, the squeal of concrete, the thud, the brakes. I run to him, 7212 times. Hold him as wet breath gurgles and drools. I tell him I love him over and over. Watch the life run from his eyes. 7212 times. 


The Reset can't change it, can't make it different. But I can live our last day, infinitely. It's better than living in a world where he doesn't. 


Tomorrow, 7213.