Judy had noticed it first. She was a vampire, like around a third of the wards of St. Lucius' orphanage and vampires tended to be some of the smarter residents. Her Heritage had provided her with fangs and magic, but she lacked the bat form her fellows prided themselves on so she was still here with me. Unadopted.

Speaking of me, my name is Mickey. Short for Michael, assumably, but all it says on my profile is "Mickey -- Heritage Unclear". Most Unclears turn out to be a mix, with weaker powers of two or more Heritages. Sometimes that's good and sometimes that's bad. For instance, a bat form and ghost intangibility? Good. Sunlight aversion and poisoned by silver? Bad.

Except that's not the case for me; I almost wish it was. At least kids with bad crossed Heritages can get adopted to do some kind of work. Even a garbage vampire-werewolf-ghost hybrid is marginally stronger than a human. Yep, I'm thirteen now, and five years after I should've gotten some kind of Heritage I'm still waiting. Futilely, assumably. Which is why when Judy sat me down in our corner of the commons and told me she'd figured out what I am, I was worried.

"Yeah Judes, I know, I'm a human. I figured it out a while ago." But Judy shook her head. "I've met humans before and they smell tasty, even after the conditioning. You smell... The opposite of tasty. No offense." Judy looked a little sheepish.

"Disgusting?" I raised an eyebrow at her. She very rarely put her foot in her mouth or insulted me, so I wondered what she meant. "No, you smell... Bland? No... Clean. You smell clean. Very, very clean."

My other eyebrow raised this time. My one interesting ability. "So then what am I?" Judy looked around before answering. "I think you're... From the other end of the spectrum."

My brows united in their skepticism this time. "You think I'm a Holy?! The enemy of the Houses of Heritage - long thought extinct after Saint Lucius' own efforts in the second Meta-World War?!" Judy nodded. "I think you're probably the child of a low ranking angel. That's why you aren't very obvious to everybody. It took me ten years of being around you constantly to even think of it, so probably nobody else thinks so."

I thought about it for a moment. Is that even better than being a human? But at least it's something. "Is there any way to know for sure?" I asked Judy and she grinned. "Who's your favorite fang?" I rolled my eyes. "You are Judes, as always." "Good," said the grinning pasty girl in front of me, doing her best impression of Matron Vlad's scheming pose, complete with a few magical shadows on her face for effect. "I asked Lucy about his war days, about the angels, and he told me something that I think will do it. Apparently when an angel holds a cross it changes into a weapon."

Crosses. Even just a small cross is enough to make a newly Herited squirm. Thus, the largest hole in Judy's idea. "You know there's now a single cross in the entire orphanage, right? And if you're right I'm the only one who can touch them in the whole place." Judy laughed again. "You're right. There *wasn't*. But just because I can't touch one, doesn't mean I can't make one."

Judy had stored her contraband in the lower levels. The younger wards weren't allowed to be there, but anybody practicing magic had free reign, plus anyone they invited. I remembered Judy telling me that even the magic Lucy radiates was tough to feel while they were down here when she was first allowed. Something about the stones it was built with, she said.

When we finally got to her room, after a long walk down, I was surprised to see how empty it looked. "My other projects didn't like it. I had to move them." She answered my questions out of my head sometimes, but I didn't mind. In the far corner of the room was a tiny wooden cross on a flat pedestal. "That's it?" Judy's face flushed a little. "I'm not sure what's going to happen if I'm right, so I kept the cross small... And the room big." She moved to the opposite corner of the room, away from the cross. "If it hurts or something put it down or back off, I must've been wrong."

I looked at Judy and she looked back. We both knew she was wrong very infrequently. I stepped right up to the pedestal. "I can't feel anything, except my nerves," I called to Judy, "so I guess I'm picking it up now." So I did.

It was warm for a moment as I lifted the wood. Wood in a dank castle dungeon shouldn't be warm, I thought. Then for a moment I couldn't feel it in my hands at all, and then I almost dropped it as it changed into an ornamented five foot sword. It was heavy, but not too heavy. The silver blade glinted in contrast with its sun-colored hilt as I held it up in the torch-light. Suddenly I felt it heat up and for a brief second, the blade burned bright with brilliant fire. Judy ducked behind a stone column. The light died as quickly as it had come though, and I was once again holding a fairly normal sword, myself unaffected by the blaze. Judy peeked out, unaffected as well, and said with a grin a phrase I'd heard hundreds of times before but never thought my name would be included in.

"Hail Michael, Herited of the House of Angels."