The reporter asked me to explain how I won last year's championship. I proceeded to burst into laughter and I couldn't stop no matter how hard I tried. It really was funny what I did to that vile man.

Once I gathered myself and the laughter slowly escaped me, I cleared my throat and proceeded to explain to her what I did to the most evil man in history.

I kidnapped him. This wasn't reported because Nazi propaganda wouldn't allow the world to know their leader had gone missing. This would've insured the Germans lost the war and the Third Reich no more. But rest assured, I kidnapped the man.

I dressed him up in raggedy clothes and tied a Star of David around his bicep. Then I pushed him into the crowd of SS soldiers and watched as he was immediately arrested for being 'Jewish'. He screamed and screamed, telling the officers as they carried him away that he was their Fuhrer. They, of course, didn't believe him, and considered a Jew comparing himself to the Fuhrer as a treason.

I laughed in front of the reporter again. I told her they took the Fuhrer away to the camps and lined him up with the rest of the enemies of the state. One by one, they were chosen. Some were taken to the labor camps, the others to gas chambers. Guess which one the Fuhrer was taken to?

The most hated man in history was gassed alive by his own men along with other enemies of the state. I probably shouldn't be laughing because millions of innocents died along with him, but you have to admit, the irony is pretty hysterical.

A couple of weeks later, the German propaganda announced that the most hated man in history had killed himself, probably to save themselves the embarrassment of misplacing their Fuhrer. I don't know if the Nazis ever found out they were responsible for the Fuhrer's death but this is how it went down last year. This is why I won last year. I, of course, expect to win this year, I told the reporter. I have something better and more cruel planned for the most hated man in history this year.