It had been awhile before I had to do something this heartbreaking, even I neglected it sometimes. One of the sad things about being Death was the constant fear people had of you, but they never knew about moments like these.  I blurred through the hospital room 122A, scanned the room, and watched from the shadows. Mother, Father gathered around the hospital bed as they watched there little girl as cancer consumed her. I looked at my clipboard, *Molly age seven, terminal cancer, stage 4 leukemia. Expiration 3 minutes 48 seconds.* 

This was the part i hated. 

"Daddy i'm scared." Molly whispered, which must've taken a lot of energy out on the poor girl.

"It's okay baby, me and mommy are right here, there's nothing to be afraid of." 

*Two minutes now.* 

"I don't wanna die." Molly stated, as she began to cry.

"You're going to be fine Molly Bear," Her father lied but what can you say to an eight year old when they meet death? The truth. "Me and your mother love you so much, and we're so proud of you."

Molly took a long deep breath, I looked down again at the remaining time. 

*35 seconds.*

I could feel the pain in the room around me like a cold dark grip around my throat, just suffocating the air outta me. I really did hate this part of the job. 

*0 seconds.*

"Hello Molly my dear," I said as i appeared outta the shadows, it was always appropriate to shapeshift into a more pleasant sight for children. I chose someone who resembled her father, something that would keep her from being upset, and would make the process easier.

"Who-Wh are you?" I could see the fear in her eyes as she watched her mother and father cry dramatically. "Am I--?" 

"Don't be afraid child. You don't have anything to worry about. I'm here to guide you on your journey."

"Journey?"

"Well to heaven of course, where you'll see your grandpa and grandma, they're waiting for you." I explained. Holding out my hand to the new young confused spirit. "Do not forget your bear now Molly," I reminded as I pointed to a small empty chair that had a small fur bear sitting on it. 

"Don't wanna leave Mr. Wiggles." She quickly grabbed the bear, hugged it, and grabbed my hand. The pain of her parents followed behind her, "Can they see me?"

"No my dead, but they can feel you. Why don't you go give them one last hug before we leave?"

She nodded, ran back to her parents and hugged them. 

Once you've been doing this for  years you know, ghosts past through material things at first, before they learn how to actually use it. So watching her say good bye to her parents one last time, by passing through them with a ghostly hug sparked reaction from them. They began to smile, held each other and knew. 

"Come on now Molly it's time to go on our adventure, are you still scared?"

Molly shook her head no, but she did point at my scythe. "What's that for?"

I let out a small smile, i couldn't believe she saw right through my disguise.

"Just in case there are monsters on the way, your grandparents told me to protect you."

Molly let out one more smile, took my hand, and walked with me toward the gates of heaven.

"You see Molly, Death can be a gentle kind thing. Like a soft breeze, and when you arrive back home to heaven to see your family."

"You have to go see someone?"

"Yes. I have words with someone." I said, my hands firmly gripping my scythe. 

"Who?" 

I smiled. "Cancer"

"If you fight?"

"It's what the scythe's for sweetheart. Go on now-- we're here."

Gates of heaven poured open with a fresh beam of light, and Molly was reunited with her grandparents safely. I let out a small wave, before turning around and leaving. Hands firmly gripped on the scythe I marched away to have words with someone ever so familiar.