Her body lays motionless on the beach, with crusted sand in her eyes and lips and the salty remnants of the ocean in her toes. The ground beneath her is drying slowly, with clouds above only letting the sun shine through momentarily. It’s low tide, but it was the power of the waves that brought her to this shore. With bruises to leave a warrior scared and the cuts one can expect from a dagger, her body is left sore and aching. Of course she does not know it, for she is in deep slumber, cast away to this island by the failings of a twin motor plane. 

Wind whistles through the leaves of trees nearby, as if in harmony with the light crashing of waves, conducted by the power of nature and hidden from the world. Or so she thought. Her eyes open like the breath of a newborn baby, aching for understanding and life. Her toes wiggle lightly, sending sears of pain up her legs. She cannot move, but she must. 

“Get up,” says a man. His voice is dried and raspy, but he speaks adamantly - leaving no room for questions or complaint. “Get up Ten, this is no time for sleep.”

The girl mutters unintelligibly, no doubt a result of long travels and a short demise. “Where? What is this? Dad?” 

There is no time for conversation, and the man picks up her frail and broken body. As they near the forest, she sees others peering through the growth - waiting for their new arrival. But this was no airport terminal, and she knew this was no dream either.  With the eyes of curious children and the bodies of forgotten soldiers, eight men and women fought for a clear look at their leader carrying the woman, Ten. “Can she hunt?” whispers a small child, but none of the adults answered. After all, they had hunters, gatherers, and cooks already. Ten is just another mouth to feed. 

By the time she wakes, it is a new day, but for her she would have no knowledge. The sky still appeared grey, the low tide left the harmony of waves somewhat distant, and hours had passed as if in minutes. “I said Where am I?” she repeats, frantic. She groans in pain as she attempts to get up. 

“I am One,” says the old man. “You are Ten now. There is no time to explain.” 

He crouches down, brushing her hair with his nine remaining fingers. She reaches up and touches his chest, flicking the side of his Vietnam veteran patch on his jacket. One reaches into his pocket and in his hand he holds a small piece of paper. 

“I’m hungry,” says Ten, with a tear dripping down from her confused gaze. Her quivering lip and clammy hands says it all. The young woman has no concept of where she is, or who these people are - Only where she isn’t, and the family she longs for. The man unfolds the unpocketed paper and shows her. “It comes from the sky,” he explains.

*Now it starts.*

“What does it mean?” she asks. As if in prepared unison, the others respond calmly and confidently, “We are One.” And with that the nine fingered man pockets the note and walks away, leaving Ten to slip from the nightmare of reality and into a dream. 