"Mr. President, we have the Super Mega Shit Bomb ready to shoot from the third satellite in our Mega Super Satellite Defense System right into the heart of Moscow."

I smirked evilly because I was Napoleon and Hitler in previous lives and I wanted to take over Russia as revenge.

"FUCKING DO IT FAGGOT." I said while laughing a maniacal laugh

The guy who said the first line of the story took out a remote with a big red button on it and pressed the button also while laughing.

Up in space above the atmosphere, a satellite transformed into a giant metal Sumo Robot.  The robot positioned itself carefully over Moscow.  It crouched and started pushing

"EEEEEAAAGGGHGHHHHHHH!!!!!"

A giant diarrhea pile of shit blasted out of the robot's anus.  The volume of shit rivaled the amount of water in Lake Superior as other satellites focused the Payload into a circular cylinder 3 miles wide using magnetic force fields or something.  Don't ask any more questions about what is physically happening.

A column of sticky diarrhea 3 miles in diameter and 42 miles high splattered down on the center of Moscow, creating a turd tsunami that blasted through the streets of every town in the vicinity and slightly modifying the axial tilt of the earth.

I laughed my ass off because it was the funniest thing ever to happen.  Poop is really, really funny because it comes out of people's asses, and now it was bombarding my least favorite city of my 3 lifetimes: Moscow.

My assistant, however, had a quivering lip.  "Uh, sir..."  

"WHAT"

"Um... you just killed everybody in our country by drowning them in diarrhea.  Putin saw through your plan and swapped the geographic location of Moscow and Capital City One using a hyper-warp drive."

"Drat! I have been foiled again!" said me.  This story is clever because Napoleon and Hitler both failed to invade Russia and now I had failed to destroy the Russians as well! ANGER!

"Don't worry.  I said.  I'll just commit suicide and respawn in 2147.  L8er fags."  and then I put a gun in my mouth and blew my head off. 

4000 upvotes and I'll write the 2147 sequel.