"Focus, Tai." my master repeated. It had been almost an hour and a half since we'd begun this new exercise, and yet my heart was racing, threatening to dislodge itself from my chest. 

I couldn't take it anymore, the chills, the trembling sensation, the fear, rage, and thrill that permeated my being was becoming too intense, and I lashed out at my beloved teacher.

"Easy for you to say, human! I feel like I'm gonna explode!" I launched myself from my meditative stance, kicked our table of beverages across the room and sent my fist through the wall only to find I couldn't retrieve my hand from its new drywall home. 

Master Lao didn't retaliate in anger, as I'd expected him to, but gave me a sympathetic smile and a soft sigh. 

"Do you know what happens when a Movradi injects adrenaline?", he asked in his normal, breathy 'grand master' voice. 

"They die.", I stated blandly. "Everyone knows that, it's why adrenaline is illegal."

"Only partially correct, Tai. The Movradi are a fierce warrior people, and their ways of war are all focused on harnessing the ferocity within them to attack. Their martial arts assume they will always have a level head in combat, and so, once injected with adrenaline, they lose their rationality. They become like beasts, with no regard for the safety of those around them or for themselves. They can be fearsome combatants, and they can be their own downfall, and yes, it's a Movradi survives his rampage, his heart will always give out shortly after. "

Master Lao was silent for a moment, watching me closely and giving me a moment to comprehend some of the implications of what he had said. 

Then he continued, "What was our first lesson in human martial arts?"

"Breath timing." I responded through my fatigued exhales and inhales.

"The human martial arts are about calming the storm within. About understanding your body, it's possibilities and limitations, as well as understanding your opponent." Another moments silence told me there was a lesson my master meant to impress on me in his statements.

"What do you think this means for a hybrid?" Master Lao was nearing full circle in his lesson. 

Completely quiet, I considered his words and regretted losing my temper. He was right. I had lost my temper in the past, and it had meant big repercussions. For me and for my mother. 

"Remember why you are here, Tai. When you are fully realized, you will be able to summon your adrenaline at will, but until you are able to subdue that power at will also, you are very dangerous, and there are already those hungry for the idea of an apex warrior. If you will not join them, they may try to take you, study you, and attempt to recreate you." My usually calm and serene master gave a fearful look that told me he was serious, but only reminded me of the trouble I went through to make it this far.

"During your last outbreak at Movr a Knar you nearly killed the 4 officers trying to subdue you. Do you remember why?" 

"I was mugged! Of course I wouldn't respond calmly!" My temper flashed, and I felt the urge to hit Master Lao, but I remember how badly my attempt had failed last time. It was still weird that there exists a person that could subdue me. 

"Instead of losing your money, a desperate man lost his life, a struggling family lost their father, and you lost your innocence."

I suppressed a sniffle and wiped a tear away, driving all thoughts of mother and how she died out of my thoughts. "I understand."

"Are you still focused on the exercise?" Master Lao recognized the look of determination and his expression lightened. 

"The exercise is to raise my heart rate to 3x, then bring it down to normal, all while remaining motionless and calm..." I responded. 

"Good. Now let's start again."

A deep breath, a slow exhale, and my heart started it's climb past 2x. I don't know how I'll ever make it to 10.