Light creeps across the room as I stare at the ceiling. Day in and day out, it's the same old shit. I would apologize for my cynicism but I couldn't care less. I guess it's good that these people don't want to deal with their negativity anymore and I can take on the burden, but Jesus Christ I'm tired. I don't sleep for fear I'll only wake to my own screaming, I don't do anything because God knows I'd just regret it in the end. I'd cry, but I'm out. I'm dry. I have nothing left to give. But at least they don't have to deal with it anymore. I'd rather feel this than nothing. 
I get up from the floor - why bother with a bed when it's not comforting? - and reach to shut the blinds, screw the sun, when my arm warms up at the rays. ...What? I turn my arm over, waiting for the sensation to go away, but it keeps creeping up, a spreading warmth, an... energy? My eyes carefully drift upward and look outside. I notice that birds are chirping on the railing of my balcony for the first time. Something flutters in my chest and I panic - I'm having some kind of heart attack! But nothing bad happens. Instead of collapsing, encompassed in pain and agony until the darkness surrounds me, a gentle warmth spreads with each flutter, like ripples through water, and my face starts to hurt. I reach my hands up to my mouth and it's making the oddest shape... 
I run over to the mirror, wipe all the dust off, and squint to look at the face I haven't seen in years. My mouth looks like a U - they called it a smile I think. But, how? I look around and see the light, the birds, and open the window - fresh breeze blows in, dislodging dust from nearly every surface, and my eyes begin to water. I'm.... happy. That's the word. Happy. I'm happy! 
But who would ever give this up? This gorgeous subtlety. 
I look down toward my donation box and see a note taped to it - someone must finally understand my problem! I rush down the stairs of my apartment building, thinking of all the notes I've gotten about this is "such a great performance piece" and how I should "talk to the local art college" or, worse, "just get a fucking job" - finally, maybe someone understood! Eager, I tear the note from it's tape and nearly rip it in the process, and read the words like a monk stranded in the desert would drink water: 

I don't know if this is fake but it's worth a shot. Anything is at this point. I don't want it anymore. I can't carry it anymore. It hurts too much. She's dead, and there's nothing I can do about it, nothing I could ever do would bring her, the happiness she brought me, back. Take this wretched happiness of her memory away from me, all it does is cause me more pain. Maybe now I can finally be numb. 

A water droplet hits the paper and flinch, pulled out of the note, and look up to see if it's raining - still sunny - and realize it's my own tear. I'm crying; tears of my own, because I've known sadness, and now, because of this person, I've known happiness - I only wish I could tell him that feeling nothing isn't worth giving up all of the pain in the world... 
I hear a clunk as someone stares across my box at me, going from deadpan to tranquil within seconds, as a feeling of inadequacy engulfs the sunshine of happiness that had, minutes ago, pulsated through me - they gave me apathy, how fitting. Crumpling the note, I toss it in the trash on my way back into the apartment building, to my dull, dusty life that doesn't even matter. It's not like I could've done anything for that guy anyways. 