I quit drinking a few years ago. My reasoning isn't moral or financial, it's not even health related. I just, really hate hangovers. I've tried different methods over the years in an attempt to lessen my suffering without much success.

I'm not always stone-sober mind you; I can get just as shit-faced as the next guy. I just take alternative routes. Yeah, go ahead. Judge all you want. I don't deny that I'm a deviant.

Do you want to hear something funny? Alcohol is the only reason I ever started down this path. Alcohol, this bar, and my so called friends. Do you have any idea how incredibly boring it is to be the only sober person at a bar, with a group of raging alcoholics?

Just, picture this:

Imagine sitting at a table in a smoke-filled room. The constant smell of stale beer and burning cigarette filters. The music is playing too loud to really enjoy, but not loud enough to stop everyone from screaming at each other. You told your friends that you would rather not be there, so they guilted you into coming along. Now, they're at that level of intoxication where everyday mundane occurrences become earth-shattering realizations, where the jokes you learned in grade-school become hilarious again, and people who aren't as drunk as you become depressing party-poopers who bring you down and silently judge everyone. So now they're either totally ignoring you, or whispering to each other while they steal sideways glances at you from across the room.

But when you're fucked up, everything is different. You're part of it all now instead of being relegated to the sidelines. You're just as amazed at stupid shit as your friends are, and you get to enjoy all the benefits that come with attending a gathering of unstable strangers.

So yes, I do drugs. Mostly research chemicals. If you're interested I'm not against sharing the love. Just don't ask where it came from. Trust me though, I do my research, and I adhere to the mantra, "test it before you ingest it."

Last night I had something new. My supplier called it may-lounge, or melons, or something. All I know is, it's some wicked shit. It a bluish powder, that's literally glowing... You would think it would eat a hole through your brain but it kinda taste like cinnamon.

Anyway, the moment I did the first little bit, this crazy looking dude comes up to me from out of nowhere and starts talking to me. I'm not sure if it was the melon or what, but his accent was like nothing I've ever heard. His english was pretty decent I think, although he would sometimes mix in words from some other language. The weird thing was that they sounded like english words... but they weren't; It seriously sounded like gibberish.

He kept telling me things about myself that blew my mind. At the time, he seemed to know a lot about me, but I've never met the guy, and now that I'm thinking about it sober, I honestly think he was just crazy. He guessed some things, like where I went to school and what my hobbies are, but then he would say that I was married, or that I was addicted to spices. I mean, I like spicy food, but he seemed to think I was the type of who would suck off a stranger for a pinch of paprika. I kept getting the feeling like he was hitting on me. But he didn't do anything weird so I didn't mention it.

The strangest part of it all was at the end of the night. He gave me an envelope and told me he would see me later, the he blew me a kiss and winked at me. When I looked inside it was full cash. But when I looked up to ask what it was for the dude was gone. It was probably the melons playing tricks on me, but I swear it was like he vanished into thin air.

So now I have a fuckton of money and apparently, a list of this psycho's favorite stock picks, and a instructional book about sword swallowing. Crazy right? Between you and me, I'm probably just going to get more of that blue cinnamon shit. I just can't seem to get enough.