The passengers on board Air China 275 from Beijing Capital to Incheon International were starting to panic, and understandably so. 

The flight was estimated to be 2 hours, 7 minutes, but was now reaching the 5 hour 15 minute mark. Nobody knew what the hell was going on as the in flight map had been disabled and the once cheerful and polite flight attendants now had confused and worried looks on their faces, with only a couple of pilot PA announcements having been made talking about bad weather and turbulence.

The food had been cleaned out nearly two hours ago, and the drinks were running low too. Some of the more ambitious passengers were working on helping clear out the liquor stock, which was having some unfortunate consequences. Two passengers had to be already restrained already after causing incidents: one of them demanded a flight attendant to know what the hell was going on and had attacked the poor girl when she didn't give a proper response. Other passengers and crew members ended up restraining the belligerent passenger and tied him down using climbing rope one of the passengers kindly lent them. The second one had tried to storm the cockpit, but tripped over his drunken self and plunged into the drink cart, where he lay in a squalor before the crew members restrained him to his seat like his fellow co-belligerent.

A few of the younger men were starting to become restless, and were quietly but openly discussing plans to confront the pilots on what the hell was going on, and if worst came to worst, to seize the cockpit. This talk grew bolder and bolder until their leader, a former People's Liberation Army officer, called for the men to go confront the pilots. 'Enough was enough', the officer exclaimed. 'We've been told excuse after excuse for the past three hours. Now these damn people over there'- he gestured at the nervous crew members, 'have been hiding the truth from us. Why the hell haven't we landed? We can't possibly have that much fuel for a two hour flight! We need to figure out what's going on!' he shouted, bringing a roar of approval from his some of his fellow passengers. 

'We want to know the truth!' they exclaimed as the officer, followed by 15 or so passengers angrily began strolling up the aisle to the cockpit, with the frightened crew members offering no resistance to the angry mob. Eventually they got to the cockpit, and the officer began banging on the cockpit door.

'Open up!' he yelled, while a few of his followers began grabbing objects to use if necessary, 'We want to know what hell is going on! If you don't tell us we're going to break down this door!' 

To their surprise, the door opened, and a tired looking 40ish year old man dressed in a captain's uniform greeted them. 'Hello there,' he answered, with an exhausted tone to his response, 'I'm sorry we've been so nonresponsive to your questions. You see, we didn't want to start a panic.'

The mob began to murmur, but then a voice called from the middle of the aircraft, 'What the hell is going on that even you guys don't want to tell us to prevent a panic'?

The captain glanced at the individual who asked the question, then looked at each one of the passengers on his aircraft, now intently staring at him. 'To be honest, the first officer and I don't know where we are exactly. Or what time it is even.'

The military officer, with a confused look on his face, responded, 'What do you mean you don't know where we are? Don't you guys have radar?'

'Radar hasn't been responding. We've been trying to communicate with all ATC and known aircraft around us on all frequencies, even military frequencies. But no response.'

At this response, the passengers continued to talk among themselves. 'Maybe there's a power outage.' "No I'm telling you those stupid fatso in Pyongyang has gone crazy and attacked the South Koreans.' But it seemed like the majority of the passengers didn't seem to buy the captain's story, as evident by their distrustful expressions on their faces.

'It's true,' a new voice emerged, as the passengers' attention shifted to the new arrival. The first officer, a young woman in her mid 30's, stepped out of the cockpit. 'I have the aircraft on autopilot, if anyone's wondering. And don't worry. We could fly for 10,000 kilometers at this rate without losing breaking course or losing fuel.'

'How can that be?' the military officer exclaimed. 'Surely we would've run out of fuel by now, let alone 10,000 kilometers!'

The first officer walked over to a passenger window, and opened the window. 'Look outside at the clouds,' she said. Some of the passengers began opening up the window covers to get a better look. 'They haven't been moving for the last three hours.'

'What?!? How can that be?!?' exclaimed the military officer as he rushed over to an open window. Sure enough, the first officer was right. At a far away distance the clouds didn't seem like it moved at all. Normally if one stared outside the window during a flight at this altitude, it would look like the clouds were moving very slowly below them, but right now the clouds weren't even moving. It was like it was frozen like someone had hit the pause button outside.

'This is impossible! The clouds don't just stop!' the passengers continued to discuss among themselves. 'Maybe it's a government military test.' 'What if we're all dead and this is heaven. Or hell?' 

The captain glanced over at the first officer, who shrugged at him, as he watched the passengers continue to panic. 'We do have a theory though,' he finally said, causing the chatter to die down. 'But this is all theoretical. Take it with a grain of salt.'

'Well go ahead,' the impatient military officer replied.

The captain took a deep breath, and said, 'We think we're stuck in some sort of pocket in the Earth's atmosphere where time has stopped. How else could we explain the clouds stopping?'

'That's impossible. A place where time stops! That stuff only happens in science fiction!'."

'That's why we said it's a theory, not fact. For all we know we could be wrong.' the captain cooly responded.

The military officer thought about this for a bit. 'But if what you say is true, and we truly are stuck here, how are we going to get out then?'

'Look at the clouds outside. They may be frozen now, but over the past three hours my first officer and I have noticed that very slowly some of the clouds near the front of the plane have been moving. Just pieces, not entire clouds.'

'And what does that mean?' the military officer demanded.

'It means that we think whatever's causing the pocket in the first place is coming to an end. Slowly, but surely, we're going to get out of this.'

'Thank God!' someone exclaimed from the back of the airplane. 'We're going to get out this!' someone else yelled, with a few cheers breaking out.

'But be warned, we don't know how long this is going to take. It could be anywhere from a couple of hours to months.' he warned the passengers.

'But by then we're going to be dead! We have no food!' the now visibly frustrated military officer replied in disgust.

'I don't think so. You see, with time stopped. We don't have to worry about food or drinks. Have you noticed not one of you has went to the bathroom this entire time we've talked?' the captain challenged.

'We could've all just not had the feeling to.'

'But explain this, we still have the same amount of fuel as from three hours ago. And all the sensors, despite most of them not working, have been the same for the past three hours too.'

The young military officer felt a chill come down his spine, and he realized the captain was right. If time had stopped, then they wouldn't need food or drinks, or even to use the bathroom. How this was humanly possible, no one would could explain. 'This might be a test from God,' he muttered to himself.

'Now we're going to ask everyone to sit down in their seats, and listen to all crew member instructions.' the captain spoke. 'I know everyone is scared, and to be honest I'm a little scared myself. But we know we can get out of whatever phenomenon this is, and we will get to our destination and get on with our lives, all in one piece. As your captain, and my first officer here, we promise that we will do the best of our ability to get us out of here safely.'

