I’ve always loved the very first moments of the day - That time when you’re only half-awake, and the warm softness of sleep is still heavy around your mind. You somehow have the sense that the world has narrowed to just you, and perhaps the vague imitation of reality found in your dreams. I didn’t think that it could get any better…and then I met Leanna.

She is the brilliant glimpse of a bright blue sky on a mostly rainy day, the pop of color in a completely gray canvas. She is the kindest person I’ve ever known, and filled with more passion than I knew was possible. Waking up next to her is the best feeling in the world, and I’m about to ask her to do that with me every day, for the rest of my life. 

Sunlight filters through the window onto the bed, gently caressing the smooth curves of her skin. Blonde hair tumbles across her face, and she’s curled up against me, her head nestled on my chest. She sighs deeply and shifts, pressing her face against me. I feel my heartbeat speed up.

Trying hard not to wake her, I disengage one arm from her, and move closer to the bedside table. The box is right where I put it last night, after she’d fallen asleep.

“Leanna?” I don’t want to break this silence, the perfectness of this moment, but I can’t wait anymore. Her eyelids flutter open, and she meets my eyes. A sleepy smile spreads across her face. 

“Good morning.” It’s still a treat to hear her say that in person, and to be able to see her face every night as I go to bed. Her smile brightens as she she sees my expression. “What is it? Did something happen with work?”

I shake my head. “No...No, it’s better than that.” I have to pause to collect myself. “Leanna...Ever since I met you, my life has been better than I ever imagined it could be.” Well, better than it’s been since I was fifteen. “I can’t imagine spending my life with anyone but you. You are everything I’ve always wanted. Leanna...Will you --”

Shit.

The familiar sensation of the world being ripped upside down, and turned inside out brought my words to a choking halt. Fuck. I’d thought that it was finally over, that I’d finally been set free. It’s been three years since the last time I saw her. 

My vision goes black, just like it always does.

When I open my eyes, there’s just one word that goes through my head.

“Seriously??”

*********************
Part II

Although parts of her have changed - the childish softness of her cheeks, her once athletic build… her eyes remain the same. As dark as liquid coal, she regards me from under heavy eyelashes, her expression held in a cold pout. She’s alone, this time, which is a blessing. The number of times she’s “needed” me when surrounded by people has taught me to appreciate the small things.

I want nothing more than to sit up and murder her, but unfortunately, both the jump and the toll it takes on my body, as well as my “benefactress” (as she calls herself) won’t allow for it. So I settle for clenching my jaw and growling out an obscenity as I sit up. 

“Emma...This had better be really fucking good.” I can barely get the words out. “Do you have any idea how bad your timing is this time?” 

She wrinkles her nose and crosses her arms across her chest. “Can’t be any worse than that time--” 

“What do you need, Emma?” I have to try - REALLY try - to keep myself from strangling her. “You’ve brought me here for every single fling that didn’t work out, every bad day at work, every single time your entitled ass needed to be comforted because of some issue your daddy won’t bail you out this time. I’ve fixed all of it. I thought I was finally free. It’s been fourteen years, Emma. This had better be DAMN worth it.” 

Emma rolls her eyes and gives me a withering glare. “Not everything is about you, Michael. And anyway, we wouldn’t be here if you hadn’t said what you did all those years ago. What was it? ‘I’ll be here anytime you need me?’” She fixes me with a smug smile. “You certainly didn’t specify what kind of need I had to be in, and I told you when you dumped me that I didn’t have any intention of being out of your life.” She lifts her chin and smirks. “I just didn’t know how much help I’d have with that.” 

I hate her like I’ve never hated anyone before. I hate the way she’s watching me - how she knows that I have no choice but to help her, or risk the wrath of the gods themselves. I hate knowing that it really was my words that put us into this position in the first place. But most of all, I hate that I’ll have to do this for the rest of my life, or hers. I’ll never have a normal life. 

I’ll never be able to marry Leanna.

“No.”

It’s like my voice doesn’t even belong to me, like some ancient part of my brain has finally had enough. I feel like I’m listening to someone else talk as words tumble from my mouth. 

“No. I’m not doing this again. This is over. It’s been over for fourteen years, and I’m done. I’m not doing this again. I’ve helped you to get over boyfriends that you hated while you were dating them, I’ve been there as every single friend you had left you because of the way you treated them, I’ve been there after every failed one night stand. It’s over, Emma. I’m not doing this anymore! I’m not doing this anymore!”  Somehow, I’m standing, my voice is at a shout, and I’m eye to eye with the most irate ex-girlfriend I’ve ever seen. My breath comes in gasps. I can’t seem to stop shaking. 

I half-expect her to murder me right there, but before she can do anything, a familiar sensation begins to fill every part of my body. My stomach twists. My vision goes fuzzy. My head spins violently, and I feel the hard surface of the floor beneath my knees. My stomach heaves. The world goes black.

The first moment of consciousness I have is as I feel myself falling forward as my stomach tries to empty itself with a dry heave. The next moment is punctuated by an undefined, but an absolute sense of confusion. 

What the hell?

This has never happened before. Yes, I’ve gotten used to the insanity of the random leaps across the country, to Emma. And yes, I’ve gotten used to being called multiple times in a day, if somehow, Emma manages to screw up her life more than once in a day. But this? Something was different about this. 

My vision is blurry as I peel my eyelids apart, but even so, it’s immediately obvious that I’m no longer in Emma’s studio apartment. Bright sunlight makes me squint, and the stuffy heat of her apartment has been replaced with a cool, gentle breeze. As my vision returns, I get a glimpse of another person hunched over next to me, throwing up.

Emma. But why? 

I stumble to my feet, head reeling, trying not to retch again. “Wh….What the hell is the matter with you?” The breathlessness of my voice takes the bite out of my words. “I was already fucking there! You didn’t have to...to...” My voice trails off as I realize that, in all honesty, I have no idea what Emma can even do, and how much of all of it is her actively doing anything. But why else would we be here? 

She turns to face me, long black hair sticking to sweaty cheeks, practically baring her teeth. “I didn’t do this, you idiot! Do you think I’d do this on purpose?” 

I mean...yeah. Emma’s not really the type to self-inflict the torture that is being ripped from one place to another. But if she didn’t do this, then that must mean….

Shiiit. This is either really good….or reaallllly bad. 

The hair on the back of my neck raises. My hands prickle. Adrenaline pumps through my blood. It’s been fourteen years - fourteen years since we’ve seen her, since she explained what happened. 

I turn slowly, unsure what to expect. The same face from all those years ago is regarding me coolly, watching the two of us as we realize what’s happening. I swallow, fighting another, different kind of nausea. 

“Hello...Aphrodite.” 