As they tell it long ago King Edward II once captured a powerful magical spirit, a genie.  The kingdom was being threatened by the North and the South and it had come to pass that despite being betrothed to a lovely maid from this land, he was also offered alliances sealed by marriage by both of the neighboring countries.  He knew choosing one offer would likely lead to war with the other, and choosing neither may lead to war with both.

His betrothed knew of the captured spirit, and begged him to seek its aid with his seemingly impossible choice.  The genie pondered for a time and offered the King the gift of prophecy, to the best of his ability, in exchange for his freedom.  The King agreed on the terms that if the kingdom is saved the genie will have his freedom.

So the pact was made, the King learned who he should marry, and who he should kill to save his kingdom.  The resulting alliance did lead to war, but the King knew it was the right choice and the war was swift and decisive leading to victory for him and his new bride.  Seemingly everyone was happy.

Save one, the King's betrothed was happy for her kingdom, but was adrift for she knew not what her own future entailed, she too sought the wisdom of the Genie.  She too wished to know who she should marry, what would become of her no longer at the King's side.  The Genie was enraged.  The King had made a bargain, and the Genie had held up his end, the kingdom was saved.  Yet he remained trapped as more mortals beseeched him for aid.

Taken aback by the spirits rage and fury the betrothed, full of her own confusion, jealousy, and hurt she lashed out as well.  Cursing the Genie's name and declaring that he should remained sealed away for his arrogance.

The genie may have been trapped but was far from powerless. He in an instant gave his gift of prophecy to all the mortals in this realm, so that they would want nothing more from him and set him free.

The legends are murky about what happened next but each of us has a list of names on the bottom of our left foot.  All the names together circle around to form a single loop and as best as we can tell they mean one of three things.

* The name of the person you are going to marry.

* The name of the person responsible for your death

* The name of someone whose death you are responsible for.

Most keep their lists secret.  Some only share with those closest to them, and even now there are some of the younger generation who have chosen to not look at even their own lists.  It is a grave taboo for someone to forcibly unshoe someone to read their list without permission.


Those who die of accidents, disease, or old age and the like have no named killer, only those who are killed by a person.


This means until it plays out you may not know if you will be the victim or the killer of someone whose name you bear, and they too will carry your name in turn.  There was once curious case where Alex North and Jeremy Brown had always fought as kids but one day as young men learned they had each other's names listed.  Rumor has it that they vowed to duel at the next noon but after a healthy night of drinking decided they neither wanted to be killer nor victim so, summoned the vicar instead.  Been living together over 40 years now.

The prophecy definitely causes problems, but has always been right.  Predicting, weddings, second weddings, murders, and unfortunate events where there was no malice but someone was still killed by another's hands.

The names appear on each child's name day.  As soon as they are given a name, their prophecy is told.

I tell you all this because this is the day we named our daughter.  Little Julia Wren.  When we spoke the name something changed.  Something that has never happened before.  Julia has a list of names covering her whole body, must be thousands of names in looping whorls over every inch of her.  But more than that...my own list now changed.  Where was just the name of my wife, is now a second name, Julia Wren.  My wife, too, now bears our daughter's name on her list.  Lists have never been changed before.  I do not know what this means.

I fear everyone will know soon.  They know my wife and I had a baby, the name Wren will be a beacon.  According to the rules, either my little baby girl is going to killed by the will of thousands, my own included.  Or, she will be the one to kill us all!  But her very existence seems to be breaking the rules already, there must be another way, but how??

I am afraid, and unsure.  The rules are broken and most will assume the whole kingdom is in danger.  I do not know what will happen next.  It is clear something has changed.  Maybe it can be changed again, or this curse of prophecy will be lifted from us once and for all, for now we run, and I as her poppa pray that against all odds there is just a very very big wedding in our future...