“Out of the way!”

I glanced back to see a rider galloping down the corridor. I barely had enough time to plaster myself against the bulkhead as the messenger clattered past in a gust of wind.

“Those may be the orders for Lord Garrington to launch the first invasion wave, m’lord,” Robert–my squire–commented. He had also flattened himself against the bulkhead, knocking his visor down in the process. He lifted it back up as he regained his balance.

I nodded, readjusting my scarf, “Perhaps. We had best hurry to the open deck then. He won’t be able to leave without us.”

Deciding that dignity was of less importance than expedience, I began running through the corridors of the ship. Our ship, the Maiden’s Hand, was very large. Hundreds of times larger than those that sailed the seas on our home world, dwarfing even the largest castle. It meant that we had to run a considerable distance towards our destination.

“God I really envy that messenger with the horse,” I breathed, sweating in my full plate armor. 

Robert smiled at me, “Hopefully you won’t be spent before the battle has even begun, m’lord!”

I racked my gauntlet against his breastplate, “No chance of that, boy.”

It was with dramatic abruptness that we emerged onto the open deck. I stumbled to a halt and gawked momentarily. Above us was the starscape of the heavens. As usual, it was an unnatural and humbling sight, that always made me feel insignificant. Off to the side, however, was the beautiful surface of the planet called Terra. The planet that our people laid claim to. It truly was a beautiful sight–a worthy conquest.

I didn’t waste much time staring, and quickly scanned the area in front of me. I couldn’t help but stop and stare once more, this time at the sight that lie before me on the deck. On the open deck was our army of soldiers…and a lot of dragons.

A lot of dragons. I’d never seen so many in one place.

“M’lord! You can almost feel the magic emanating from them!” Robert gasped. “There are so many of the celestials!”

I nodded, “It is quite a sight, isn’t it?”

Rank upon rank of hundreds of dragons crouched on the deck, encased in their ornate armor and leather harnesses. Besides each stood a company of soldiers, slowly climbing atop the massive creatures. All of that that steel glittered with light that almost drowned out the stars. Among them I caught sight of Lord Garrington’s personal bodyguard, the unit that I commanded.

“Let’s hurry, Robert,” I urged, and the two of us rushed down a flight of stairs before tramping across the open deck.

“Lord Garrington!” I gasped as I finally arrived. “Captain Henry reporting, M’Lord! I apologize for the delay!”

Lord Garrington turned away from the soldiers climbing aboard the dragon and eyed me slowly. “Captain Henry,” he said, “I trust that your delay, while unacceptable, wasn’t useless?”

I hesitated with a slight blush, “Yes, m’lord. Everything is ready.”

Lord Garrington smiled slightly, “Ah when I was I young officer as you are. Well captain, get your men in order. The Celestials may be patient, but we have a schedule to stick to.”

The dragon, named Maximus, Lord of the Dragons, turned his head to face me, “Lord Garrington is right, Captain. We must not delay any further.”

I nodded, “Yes sir!”

I climbed up the harness on the dragon, then checked to make sure my men were in order. My company of men-at-arms would normally fight mounted on horseback, but that was impossible until the Maiden’s Hand landed safely on Terra’s surface with our horses. Until then, we would fight with swords, shields, and two-handed poleaxes on foot. My primary weapon of choice was the latter.

I turned towards Lord Garrington, who had taken up a position on the dragon’s neck.

“M’lord. The company is in order,” I reported.

Lord Garrington nodded, leaned forward, “Lord Maximus,” he said, speaking to the celestial dragon, “We will fly at your lead now.”

“Understood, Lord Garrington,” Maximus replied, then raised his head, expanding the frill around his neck to full diameter. 

And then a terrifying roar emanated from the powerful creature. One by one, the hundreds of other dragons answered the call.

Without warning, I felt a nauseous sensation of floating, though the straps of the harness kept me secured to Maximus. The dragons had released their magic of gravity.

Then like a river cascading off of a cliff, the dragons leapt from the deck and shot into space with shocking speed. It was followed by a sensation of almost no movement in the broadness of space as the dragons swept their wings up and down. Lord Garrington, my men, and I had nothing to do but lie secured to the harnesses. All around us, the dragons flew in formation towards the surface.

Soon, we began to enter Terra’s outer atmosphere. At this stage, Maximus and the hundreds of dragons behind us folded their wings. I was told that the outside would’ve been lethally cold if the dragons’ magic hadn’t guarded us.

I felt a growing force pressing me into Maximus, until bright flames erupted all around us and I could hardly move. The dragons plunged belly-first into the atmosphere, engulfed in flames as friction between dragon and air ignited plasma. The humans on their backs could only groan and endure the heavy g-forces of reentry, trusting the dragons and their magic to carry them safely to the surface.

Suddenly, the roaring fire burned out, and was replaced by the shrieking wind. Maximus and the other dragons partially extended their wings–just enough to maneuver at the unimaginable speed they were traveling.

We were above the ocean, and far ahead was a body of land. Bright pinpoints of light climbed up into the sky atop columns of cloud and smoke. After climbing into the sky, they curved towards us with menacing grace.

The first explosion violently erupted next to a dragon above us. The celestial’s powerful but delicate magic was thrown off balance by the eruption, and it tumbled into the sea with a shattered wing.

More of the unknown weapons streaked towards us, and threatened to wreak havoc among the dragons. Any dragon that was hit was killed, either by the explosion or by the sheer force of air that tore it apart as it lost its high-speed flying posture. Others survived near-misses, but the humans aboard suffocated or froze to death in the several long seconds that the dragon’s magic was interrupted.

Underneath me I could feel Maximus’s body. His pulse. His breathing. The twitching of his muscles as he flew towards our destination. All around us, countless dragons pressed onwards through the storm of smoke and fire.

Finally we were over land. Maximus descended over the trees, then snapped his wings open, flaring wide to kill his forward speed. The trees before him careened away with the force of the air he pushed. He thumped into a clearing, then crouched low. “Get off! Now!” he roared.

“Company! Disembark! Move!” I screamed, before undoing my straps and leaping to the ground with my poleaxe in hand. Armor clanked and rattled as the men streamed off of the dragon’s back, while more dragons flew past and flared overhead. Once we were all off, Maximus bared his teeth and leapt into the sky. A strange rapid banging sounded as a stream of bright points peppered the dragon’s flank. Maximus roared in pain and anger, before turning towards the source. He opened his jaws wide and blasted out a river of fire. Then a strange shrieking roar sounded that I’d never heard before, and what looked like a steel dragon flashed past Maximus. He turned to fight the newcomers in the air.

“Captain! It’s time to attack!” Lord Garrington shouted, “You know the buildings we must capture!” 

I nodded, “Yes, m’lord! Company! Move forward! At the double!” We surged forward with a resonating shout, out of the clearing into the tree line. I knew from planning sessions before the battle that there would be a large group of buildings beyond the forest.

Suddenly a chorus of loud banging accompanied by bright flashes came from ahead, and several of my men fell screaming to the ground. Lord Garrington tumbled backwards with his helmet utterly destroyed. Caught by surprise, I slammed my visor down and turned to the men. “Shields to the front! Form a shield wall!”

Several more men were cut down before my men-at-arms equipped with shields could move to the front. Their shields were enchanted by the celestials, and so far we had not encountered a weapon that could puncture them. 

They stayed true now as whatever weapons were being used against us thudded harmlessly against their broad surfaces.

“Company advance!” I ordered. The men began marching forward, chanting in unison. The enemy weapons continued to flash and bang ahead of us, and occasionally penetrated our shield wall to kill another one of my men. Suddenly I caught sight of the enemies who were wielding those weapons among the trees.

“Company! Chaaaarge!” I screamed, and the men surged forward with an answering roar. Several tumbled to the ground in a bloody mess, their armor riddle with holes. I peered through the slits in my visor as I ran forward with my poleax raised high. A man wearing clothing colored like the forest was fumbling with a black device in his hands, but upon seeing me he reached towards his belt. My weapon crashed through his neck before he could do anything more.

I raised my visor and looked around me. My shoulders heaved as I sucked in ragged breaths. A red mist clouded my eyes as I snarled. My men struggled with the enemy in a melee among the trees, drenching their weapons and armor in red blood.

Overhead I heard Maximus roar, and I looked up to see him in his bright armor breathe another column of fire that streaked across the sky. His attack was cut short by a spear of smoke that suddenly slammed into his chest, exploding in fire and flesh. Without another sound, Maximus went limp and began to fall on top of us from the sky.

“Maximus!”