"Is it finally time" I thought to myself while a blinding light shined through the glass. It had taken a long time to get here, despite being in stasis during the time. Almost 500 years ago we went on a journey that would change the world. 

I was prepared to start working, to make this new home a good one. Here, at Proxima prime II, there were no wars, no weather disaster or climate destroying industries. And we had promised eachover, this world would remain pure. "This time we will not fail" I thought to myself while waiting for the crew to open the pod.

I could see another light appear, and moving around.
I could hear them talking from inside,

"We have a few live ones in here as well, but they are from earth."
"This must be some kind of trap, I say, kill them before they get the chance to do something."
I could see their shapes move around, one pointed at me. 
"STOP THAT!" I heard another one yell. "Look at this vessel, it's ancient. Those fuckers aren't bright enough to fake this"

"Now, get them out of the pods. I'll need to speak to them" 


Suddenly the pod door opened and air filled up the pod. Then a couple of hands grabbed me and with extreme ease just pulled me out like it was nothing.

I just looked on the person that dragged me out, the suit he was wearing was like nothing I had ever seen.
It was some kind of armor but it didn't look stiff or clumsy at all. Instead it followed the wearer's shape.
I realised these were some kind of soldiers. One of the soldiers turned to me, his helmet had a massive visor but I still couldn't see his face through the black glass. 

I tried to ask who they were, and what had happened but was interrupted when the other man came back. With a harsh and commanding voice he started talking. 

"You are something of a legend over here, the first colony ship. Then you vanished, only to suddenly to show up just on our doorstep." 

" I have to admit though, this ship has seen better days" He pointed to the walls and roof. Once these walls had been painted bright green but the time had darkened the paint and on places it had started to fall off. At some places exposed steel had started to rust.

We had a skeleton crew to take care of the ship, wakened every few decade to make sure everything was running fine. But this, didn't look fine.

Then I looked at the other pods, a few had been opened. I could see other stasied people being taken out, some seemed to be unconscious. 

 The man started walking and told me to follow him.

We went out of the stasis hall and came into another corridor full of windows.
Just outside I could see their ship. The shapes and curves of the ship made it look almost alive, like it was alien.
I looked out in awe, and then I saw the planet below. 

It was definitly Proxima Prime, I could recognize the continents. The planet was mind boggingly similar to earth.
I looked back at the man, who now had taken of his helmet. He was around 50 years old with several scars on his face. This man had seen war.

"Welcome to Elysium" He stated.

Then he started to tell me what had happened after we left. FTL was discovered only a few years after we left. Around 300 years ago there had been a massive war between earth and Proxima. Thus to imply their independance they renamed the planet to Elysium. After that the relations had been bad, and with several skirmishes.

He had sympathies for our situation, we came from another world, another universe. But we were from earth, and thus not allowed to stay on the planet. To my question about how it was on Elysium, had we succeded with creating our heaven. He showed me a small screen, and it was showing wonderful scenes. 

These people had been able to fully integrate technology and nature, cities and forests. And we just missed it.

I was going to ask him about earth, but then he led me back to the others in the stasis room. 
Only a few people stood up, the rest lied lifeless in a row.
Speechless I looked at the bodies, some looked like they were sleeping. But some others had been dead for a long time, dried up and mummified. I shivered when I realised I had been surrounded by dead, I had been sleeping in a tomb.

Without explaining much more the soldiers led us away. We walked through the hallways and was linking up with other survivors. In silence we saw how our home for the last 500 years had been turned from a living ship, into a carcass. I truly wondered what had happened, the crew was supposed to keep this ship in good condition. Where were they?

Finally we reached an airlock and were led through a small tunnel until we came out into a large open room. 
We stepped out into the room, it was mostly built around curves and wavy forms with only a few sharper edges inside. I looked up on the walls and saw paths going along the sides. This room was atleast 3 stories high and painted brightly, I could hardly believe this was a military vessel. It looked more like one of the malls back on earth.

I looked around on the soldiers surrounding us, they definitly did not trust us. While all faces were hidden, some body language could still be seen. Some were really tense, ready to kill us the moment we did something stupid. Others felt more curious about us, like we were some kind of attraction.

There were a few big windows nearby so I went over there and then I saw our own ship.
 
The massive solar sail, made for safe travel across the stars. Only that this was damaged and torn apart. The rest of the ship also had taken hits.
"Maybe we hit a swarm of meteroids" I wondered to myself while looking at the damage.

"prepare to enter FTL speed" a speaker voice suddenly said.
And suddenly the world changed.

The jump lasted only for a moment, but suddenly I felt nautious. I looked around and could see people falling down and even vomiting. Some of the soldiers seemed very amused.

"Estimated time of arrival, 3 hours"

All the time I was just sitting by the window and staring out into the abyss. Before I knew it the time had passed and the soldiers started rounding us up again, and the older man from before started to speak.

"So we have now reached midpoint station, this is an old station built by earth that now acts as a diplomatic neutral station between our two worlds. Here you will be picked up by an earth vessel that will take you home" 

We were then taken to another airlock and walked over to the station. The design was simple and I could see that it was old. We were led to an empty room with just a few small windows. I walked over to one and saw the Elysian ship fly away, becoming smaller and smaller until she disappeared.

Instead she was replaced with something else. "Hey it's the earth ship" I could hear someone yell out, and everyone had to catch a glimpse.
Instead of the beauty that was the ship from Elysium, this was a boxy, gray and heavily armed warship. It's design was function over form and they hadn't even tried to make it look good.

We were accompanied with several guards from earth and led into their ship.
The inside of the earth ship wasn't much better, everything was just gray and dull. We were led into small huts where we had to spend the journey.

For the travel I was just laying in bed, thinking.
"If we just waited two years, two damn years before this journey. We could have been the ones building elysium, we could have been the ones building paradise. Instead we are going back to the one place we tried to escape from."

After a 5 hour journey we finally arrived and the guards came back and led all of us away.

We were finally placed in a dropship meant to take us down on the surface. We sat down and pulled down the large harnesses above us. 
 One of the guards sat beside me, he seemed to be quite young.
"Hey, is it true you have actually been in stasis for 500 years."

I answered " yeah, we sailed for 500 years, and now we're headed back to earth". I also asked him what earth was like, none of the Elysians seemed to wanna talk about it.
"It's good, it shouldn't be that different from when you were around" He laughed a bit

With a massive roar the engines of the dropship started, and I could feel we were started to move.
The guard looked at me, "This might be a bit bumpy, atmospheric entry is always interesting"

And just as he said that suddenly the ship started bumping around, it almost felt like we were a leaf in a storm.
After what felt like an eternity the bumping decreased to a minimum and the ship gained stability, we must have broken through now.

"Soon we'll be on sturdy ground again"

The ship balanced out and I realised, this ship actually had windows. The protective covers slowly started being pulled back and revealed the planet.

"Ah, here she is again" The guard happily stated, "it's like you never left, isn't it"
I, couldn't even speak. I looked around and everyone just sat silently. I saw a woman who's face literally froze.
"Hey, did you loose your words or what" I looked back on the guard, he had a very boyish grin over his face, "what is it, she looks the same right? That's what they say".
"Wow, he really thinks that, that the earth has always been like this" I thought while answering him with a fake smile.
Suddenly the pilot's voice filled the air " we're landing, prep your masks"

The guard instantly reaches underneath the seat and pulls up a gasmask, he looks at me and tells me I should probably do the same. The pilot won't wait for us to put them on before opening the door.

The ship silenced and with a thud we were on the ground. The harnesses released and we could stand up. I thought for myself while holding my gasmask, "when we left, we were losing the battle against the climate change. Now it seems like we have given up fighting against it"

We stood in a row, I put on my gas mask, and to my right I could see the woman. I saw tears rolling down her chin before the black gas mask covered her face.
