Death is a child.

I'm not talking about how petty Death can be. That's a separate fact that I will explain in just a moment. No, Death is a *literal* child. Most are too fearful or respectful to get close enough to discover that fact. Not me, though. I was foolish enough to lack the fear or respect that would've kept me a scythe-length away.

It happened so long ago, I've forgotten what was supposed to have killed me at the end of my life. Memories are *not* immortal. I tried journaling my memories for the better part of a millennia, but fires, floods, and other disasters thwarted my efforts. I *think* I gave up the practice some time during the fall of the Roman Empire. Since then, I've just tried to live in the moment. I might pick it up again, now that we have cloud services available to back up our data, but I'm *waaay* out of practice.

While I can't remember anything about the circumstances of my death, I can still vividly remember being dead. I think it has something to do with the nature of that universal backstage area between this world and the next. I was following Death to ...well, I don't know exactly where we were going, because we never made it there.

We were in some sort of grand hall. Understand that I mean "grand" as a measure of scale, not as a measure of ostentatious furnishings. The place was *massive,* but it felt like a space of utility. Looking up, I thought I could just make out rafters, or some sort of ceiling in the dim light. Either side was lined by shifting gossamer curtains, upon which the world of the living was projected like so many movies.

A breeze I couldn't feel rustled the curtains, and the images sometimes changed. I saw things that, from my ancient human perspective, seemed entirely impossible. I saw spaceflight while I was back there, and I couldn't even *begin* to wrap my head around those images until some time in the early 1900s. I saw other things back there that I have yet to understand. FYI: I don't think flying cars are *ever* going to happen, and based on what I've seen, it's probably for the best.

As we walked along, people sometimes stumbled into the hall from behind those curtains. Even then, I could tell by their dress that they were from different eras. Some of them came from times before my own, most of them came from times after. The curtains did not seem to care about chronological order. The people from the curtains fell in step with Death and I. We were all headed to the same place, it seemed.

I was so taken with the fantastical images on the curtains that I didn't realize Death had stopped moving. I walked into the reaper, and tripped, grabbing the iconic robe on my way down. The crowd of somber individuals that had been gathering from behind the curtains hadn't been talking, but now their sudden Silence had a capital S. A moment later that Silence broke into uproarious laughter as everyone processed what they saw.

The skeleton of a very young child floated in mid-air. The long cowled robe would've draped over the short body, giving the illusion of an improbably tall human. Naked, we could all see that Death still wore a diaper. Death crossed their arms and scowled at me. The laughter quickly died down.

*'You stay right there.'* I was pinned down by the icy stare. I couldn't hear Death, but the words were very clear in my mind. *'The rest of you may pass beyond.'* And we were suddenly alone.

"I-I'm sorry, I didn't mean it!" I held up the robe apologetically. It was torn.

*'Save it.'* Death spun the scythe around and used the non-bladed end to strike me in the chest like one might strike a billiard ball with a pool cue. Still clutching the robe, I went flying backwards. Gossamer curtains closed around me, and I woke up alive and well with my ...I think it was a tribe? I'm not really sure, because anything on this side of the curtain is subject to being worn down by the weathering of time.