Every times is like the first, always holding my breath. Butterflies in my stomach, and the kind of palm sweat you only get when you know they are out of your league seem to make the job harder. I'm pretty clean about it now, over the years you have to be, and yet I still slip on the final incision, but oh well.

I've waited long enough for this. I've earned it. I wait for ten minutes, which then turn to thirty, and as the clock struck two in the morning a chill suddenly filled the air. The air turned stale, or even a little rotten as the stone began to crack and crumple under his steps. He was draped in a deep black, one that could only be described as a void, his eyes like black holes and that could rival them in intensity. His skin, and his body was human, or what seemed like it. He towered above me, above any mortal that dare stand in his path. He stopped a foot from me.

"Lilly, I can't allow you to keep this up. I've known you too long, and this is taking a large toll."

"You know why I do this." I pleaded with him, as he reached his lithe hand out to caress my cheek. "We were children when we first met, you comforted me, and gave me a reason to keep living."

"Child you know I am beyond age, I am known to you however you wish to see me."

"Then why comfort me, if you didn't wish for me to follow you why-"

"No one person should have to be in such a situation" he interrupted, "children should not be subject to such horrors."

"But I came for you, I came because you needed kindness. I know in your heart you would not want such agonizing loneliness. No one would."

"Yet you meet me as though I am an old friend, but you know that is not the case. The hubris of man is that he should need to be useful to a god."

"but you aren't god are you? You may be as powerful, or as old, but you still want, and feel." Death ran his fingers through his hair in deep though.

"That night. The one you remember so fondly. The fire was started by one person, by a lone match with absolute certainty of where it needed to be. Her name was mary, her parents died in a war. She met me on too many occasions to count. She felt the way you do."

"Then why, why would you reject me so fervently." I felt desperate. I reached for his robe, but my hands were knocked away.

"Because I loved her! Because with each passing year, each decade she seems to become farther from my mind, I don't remember the good and for good reason. What she did, her last act for me had repercussions, she knew not what she had wrought and if you keep this up neither will you." His fists clenched drawing a deep red from his hands that dripped onto the cold damp floor. " I am a curse upon humanity, and I can't ever be ok with that, I can't ever be happy because of that."

"That can't be true." I said my voice quivering, "You must be able to keep me with you."

"You know I can't Lilly, this is the only way we can meet, but I can't let it continue, I can't let you do any more harm." he unsheathed an ancient looking dagger from under his robes, nearing me slowly with a hand that for the first time in thirty years shook with a nervous uncertainty I believe he had only hoped to experience one time. 

"Here my love, let me help you with that." I reached for his hands and brought the dagger to my chest, "I hope you will never doubt, that I loved you." I said as he hugged me, a wetness hitting my cheek as he passed it, just before he leaned into my ear.

"I know." 