"You are a fair one, are you not?"

Lyall couldnt link the quiet, tired rasp of a voice to the figure before him, but still he knew it had spoken.

"I... I'm not sure. I suppose so. Why do you ask?"

The creature was a mass of shifting forms. One minute he saw a bed ridden old man taking his last breath, then a soldier that had been run through with a sword. He was unnerved when it became a sprawling mass of decayed bodies, withering in a single grave. It didnt last long before something else replaced it.

However, despite its monstrosity, he knew creature wasnt the right word. Him and his brothers had all been chosen by a god, and this was his. Only, he still wasnt sure which one it was.

"I am asserting if I made the right choice," it answered blandly.

Lyall didn't know what to make of that and probed further, though he was unsure if it was wise. His brother, Malain, had already angered his Sponser with a multitude of questions and had lost an eye for his trouble. Lyall did not relish having the same fate.

"It might make it easier for both of us if I knew your name. Then I might know the quality you seek in a patron."

The god laughed, and it was hollow as bone, yet not unkind.

"Oh, you know me quite well. I thought you might have guessed by now, but that is good. I would rather a patron that exercises caution with their thoughts, rather than a fool that lets their mind run with every wisp of imagination. This might help you understand."

Suddenly Lyall saw his sister before him, her dress soaking through with red. It was shocking against her pale skin and hair. Her hand extended towards his face, only for a slight touch, the fingers cold as the breath drew from his lungs. He felt his vision spotting and saw the knife protruding from her back, right where his father had plunged it years ago.

Then, the hand was drawn back, and Lyall felt crisp air reinflate the cavity of his chest. His eyesight returned to normal, and instead of his sister there was now just an insignificant flower, wilting in the frosty earth.

He understood now.

"Death."

"I dont truly have a name, but yes. That is the name your people give me."

There was some fear in this revelation, for what is most finite and inevitable but death. Lyall wondered what his selection as its patron meant.

Death answered for him before he could speak.

"I sensed a fairness in you. You have an innate will to do what must be done, whether for better or worse. Many of the princes will kill too many in their quest for power. And the ones that dont will kill too little to preserve their morality. You will do no more and no less than what is absolutely needed. I am not looking for a monger of atrocities and bloodshed, nor am I looking for an uncritical enforcer of ethics."

There was a pause, as if Death was savoring its words, turning them over thoughtfully.

"They will all come to me in time, and I am nothing if not patient. There is no escape from me that is not futile. I choose you because you are what is most needed. You will be accepted by some, but loathed by most. Like me, you will not let this sway you. So I ask, do you accept me as your sponser?"

Lyall stared, for what seemed like an eternity, at the constant transfiguration of Death, millenia of it playing out before him. He extended his hand, before exhaling all of his doubt.

"Yes."

