EDIT: Feedback welcome! This is my first time responding to a WP.

&#x200B;

Murphy’s law, anything that can go wrong will go wrong, right? Well, based on my experience with everything so far, Murphy’s law is very real.

I was sent on a risky Mars mission not terribly long ago. It was me and a few other astronauts who took the risk. We were supposed to be the first people on Mars. The equipment we had on board was meant to start the terraforming process so that a colony could be placed in the future.

Well, when we landed, everything went wrong. The others, who I barely knew, all died soon after landing. I’m not sure what went wrong since I wasn’t in charge of the landing. I oversaw setting up the terraforming equipment and making sure everything with those went as it was supposed to.

I buried the dead crew with the supplies I had access to. They were buried right next to the lander because I couldn’t afford to go very far. The graves are also shallower than I would’ve liked but I didn’t have the resources or energy to dig for ages. The Mars surface is packed down, it makes digging difficult.

After burying my crewmates, I needed to set up the base we were supposed to live in. The base was mostly made from the lander with a few extra parts that were in storage. It had everything we would’ve needed, even food to live for I think a year. Food wouldn’t do me any good without enough oxygen though. I was running low on oxygen as I finished setting up the base. I probably could’ve just skipped the base and just accepted my death, but I’m stubborn so here we are.

The base contained six cryosleep chambers. Since there was only one of me, I had some choice. The choice didn’t matter though, all of them were the same. I set the chamber to four years, not so long that I’d be assumed dead but also not so short that I’d come out and be suffocating. People in cryosleep didn’t consume oxygen since they were essentially frozen.

The chamber opened, and I got inside for the long sleep. Four years, then I’d awaken and either suffocate or people would be here with working oxygen equipment. Hopefully the latter, but there was no way for me to know. I was lowered slightly as the chamber closed over me and the hissing of the sleep started. My eyelids grew heavy and I fell into a deep sleep.

It didn’t feel like four years had passed, it felt like mere hours. I woke up to the familiar hissing that put me to sleep. My body was incredibly stiff, I laid in the chamber for a few minutes after it opened. My blood needed to start flowing and my brain needed to process what was going on. I couldn’t see properly, everything was blurry for a while.

I sat up and slowly got out of the chamber, something felt different. Everything looked just as I had left it, maybe a bit dustier but nothing was out of place. I looked at all the various screens that I had calibrated and set up before the long sleep. The readings all looked the same and nothing stood out as different.

It was then that I lost hope for my life. I was contemplating just letting death take me before the sleep. But now, after sleeping on it for a few years, I don’t want to die. Based on what I saw though, it looks like I don’t have much of a choice.

I didn’t even bother putting on my suit, it’ll make it easier for death to take me. I slowly made my way over to the door leading to the dead Martian surface. I placed my hand on the door, terrified of opening it. I take one last breath of refreshing oxygen and shove the door. It doesn’t open right away, I push harder, and it flies open, crashing into the outside of the base.

I close my eyes as I step out of the door and just fall to my knees, waiting for the inevitable.

Death never comes for me. I sit there on my knees for minutes, nothing. I slowly open my eyes, Mars isn’t as dead as I remember. There is lush greenery and massive buildings all around me. I look back at the base I had built four years ago. That’s when I realize that it was far longer than four years.

The outside of the base is covered in layers upon layers of filth. I’m sure some of it is from the dust in the beginning, but certainly not all of it. Much of the filth seems to be more recent and not red in color. There’s absolutely no way it was only four years that I was asleep.