James sat in the late morning sun. He wasn’t sure if he should stay or go. Or for that matter, if he was here by accident or on purpose.

In as far as he could tell, he had woken up because the sun had risen. Judging by how he felt otherwise, he would still have been asleep if he could. Those first few hours had been horrifying, or at least as close to horrifying as he so far experienced, he supposed. 

In the first few minutes he had attributed, the headache, the lack of memory of the previous night, and the waking up in an unknown place, to a wicked hangover. (The kind one only gets by trying to out-drink the wood elves of Kentucky.) 

Then slowly, the creeping realization- and with it fear- had begun. If he had only been lost that would have been comprehend-able. But he didn’t know anything. His name (he had a good guess though), his age, his shoe size, his mom’s face, or his MSS (Magicians Social Security) number. There were only two things he had known at the time; he was wicked thirsty and he needed to find Michaela. Whoever she was. 

Here he was now, a few hours later sitting on bench in what he assumed was a city park 
(Florida? he thought it looked tropical). He sat sipping the water he had conjured- that was the only word for it really- he had basically wished really hard and it had just popped into existence in a bottle in front of him. It was that, in combination with the rather garish robes he had been wearing, which lead him to conclude that he must've been some kind of magic student. As he sipped, he flipped through the wallet here found the jeans he was wearing, in the hopes that it would yield some kind of clue as to who he was. In it were two student IDs. One for Jacob's University of Virginia and the other for Delta College of Cambridge. The former was quite a bit older than the other one so maybe he was a grad student? It was from these that he had gotten the idea that his name was James R Simmons. There was also a Carpet Card pass, which seemed to indicate that it would allow him to ride on some kind of local transportation system. A movie ticket stub, apparently, he had seen something called The Force Awakens recently. About 23 bucks in cash, and a variety of unused gift cards. Or least, they looked unused. They were certainly old. Was he a stingy person? There was annoyingly however, no real ID. 

He was about to close the wallet back up when he noticed a lump tucked away in one side pocket. It was a note. It seemed to of been there a while, the parchment was folded but clean from having been inside the wallet, and the ink was slightly smudged in some places. He opened it up and read;

My Dearest Jimmy, 
I hope you find this while I'm in Australia. I wanted to leave something to let you know that I will always be thinking of you, miss you, and love you. I can't tell you what it means to me that I finally found someone I can trust like I trust you. Falling in love with you was unexpected and wonderful and I'm so glad that happened. I have to leave you now and pains me to tell you that I cannot let you know why. Just please know Two things, I’m sorry and I love you. Thank you for everything my little wizard.
Love, 
Your Happy Little Witch. 

James sat there for a moment, wondering what it meant. Suddenly he noticed a girl stopped in front of him. He hadn't really noticed her before, because he had been reading the note. He thought maybe she had been walking by? But she seemed to be crying, and looking at him with shock and surprise. 

"James", she asked in a voice that almost dared to hope, "is it you?"

"I'm sorry," he replied completely at a loss "have we met?"

"It's me" she said, the tears cutting into her voice, " Michaela, Your Happy Little Witch."

