They surrounded me, crowding out the light as they kicked and shouted at me. I held myself close to protect my head and chest, but the blows hit my arms and legs until they were broken and useless. Then then went to work on my body. I cried, soundless, as they caved-in my chest. I gaped, wordless, and they shattered my spine. I looked on, helpless, as a sandaled foot blinded me.
For a time, white hot pain shot through every inch of my body, and then, suddenly, nothing. No pain, no sight, no thoughts. No anything. Just…nothing.

****

And then I screamed.

I don’t remember inhaling. I don’t remember having lungs to scream with or ears to hear it with. All I knew was that I heard the scream and felt the scream.
And then I felt more. I felt my toes, and my fingers, and my arms and legs. I opened my eyes. I was lying there, on the ground. Only it was a different ground. A flat ground, like the floor of my tribe’s camp. Only somehow more perfect, and not made of dirt. Made of…some kind or rock? Impossible.

   I reached out to touch it. As my hand entered my vision, I was taken aback. My hand, so worn and dark from years in the sun, was now a light, solid brown. And the little and middle fingers, long missing after a hunting accident when I was young, were inexplicably back.

I rose to a sit, examining myself. I was naked, and the marks and scars from years of hard work were all gone. As I carefully stood to my feet, I realized that even the back pain that had been my constant companion since before my fortieth year was gone. I looked around, hoping for some explanation.

I was in a chamber of impossibly flat stone, with flat walls that lead to openings. These openings created passageways into other chambers, not unlike the caves that my tribe had spent a few harsh winters in when I was young.

I had just made up my mind to go exploring these caves, when I heard nearby running footsteps. Instinctively, I ran to a wall and tried to make myself as small as possible. The memory of my death…was it my death? The memory came flooding back to me, and I felt such fear as I’d never had. Suddenly, people came running through one of the open portals, and I cowered. They called to me, but I kept completely still and shut my eyes.

As they approached, they slowed to a halt, and knelt, surrounding me. This is it, I thought. It turns out they were right. I’m doomed to live in eternal torment for my unnatural desires. Am I to be kicked to death for all of eternity? Dying oven and over again until the end of days?

A voice stirred me from my reverie. What had they said? I opened my eyes, deciding that if I was to die forever, I may as well do it with my eyes open.

“Hey, are you ok?”

I stared. They spoke as I did. Not the language of the tribe that had assimilated ours when we came, desperate for food, to their camp. The language of my tribe. I looked where the voice had come from. It was a young man of around twenty. Not a member of my tribe. Not anyone I had ever known; and I knew everyone who lived in the valley.

“You…you are from the tribe of the snake?” I said, hopeful.

“No, we’re not. Are you okay? We heard you screaming.” Responded the man, gently.

“I don’t understand,” said I, “you speak the language of our people, but you’re not one of us?”

“Don’t worry about the whole language thing.” He said, dismissively, “We can all understand each other here. Doesn’t really matter what tribe you were in back there.”

“Oh…okay?” I responded, incredulous. “Are you…you’re not going to hurt me, then?”

The man smiled. He had teeth. Real teeth. It unnerved me. He said, “Wow, you must have had it really bad. Mine was relatively painless, in the end. If you have to die some way, I’d recommend freezing to death.”

No, we’re not going to kill you. You’re already dead. In fact, I’m not actually sure if you can die here, actually.” He looked to another of his party for confirmation.

“No, don’t think so” the other said, drawing my attention.

It was a woman. Her hair looked clean, like she’d just gone swimming, but not frizzy. I looked to each new face, in turn. There were six in all, and I saw no animosity, only worry, on any of their faces.

“I was kicked to death.” I said eventually.

“Eww,” the first man said, “That’s a real nasty one. I’m sorry about that. Why did they do it?”

I recoiled, afraid of what they might think. “I didn’t deserve it.” I said, shortly.

“Whoa, hey. Don’t worry about it.” He said, “No one is here to judge you. We’re all here because we refused to believe or conform to the norms of our cultures. You don’t have to tell us. It’s cool.”
“Where am I” I asked, trying to change the subject.

“Oh, yea. This is hell,” said the man. “It’s where people like us go. People who refused to believe the gods or their ways. My name is Pride. What’s yours?”

“I…I’m Lust. It’s nice to meet you.”


****
More coming tomorrow or whatever.