It was the final battle. Thedes looked at me, sweat pouring from his furrowed brow. Each other prince was dead, slain by my sword. Only he stood. I paced with silent foot steps and a slight agitation. None of the powers his god had provided would be enough; not lightning, not agility. My ability of tiredlessness meant that I could fight for ever. I would not stop, until my last opponent was dead, like all the others. 

He ran at me, spear held aloft and scream piercing the air. It was almost a dance. I knew exactly which points would inflict the most damage and I exploited that knowledge. His blows fell harmlessly against my shield and my sword slipped into his neck like a scythe through wheat. His corpse crumpled to the floor and no sooner had he collapsed at my feet than I was transported to a small, dank cave, dripping with a liquid into a deep, crimson pool. 

It took me a moment to notice him, hovering above the group like a great, ominous angel. Looking at him hurt, and my brain struggled to register his existence. I did not want to see him. His black cloak of shadow swirled around the floor, and the empty sockets of his grey, ashen skull bore into my own eyes. Almost judging me. His champion.

He spoke with a quiet, yet strangely commanding rasp.

"Your battles have serviced me". He said. "What you will do with the throne," his voice took a tone burgeoning on perverse glee, "is yours."

"Why," I asked. "Why pick me. You had the choice of every champion, why decide to lend your power to me?" 

"Because," he spoke, with annoyance in his voice, "you are my path to glory. You're actions may differ in detail, but the outcome will be the same." He motioned dismissively with his skeletal hand. "Death"

"Death?"

"Death on a scale untold to the world. It was a great gamble, I assure you. If you had failed part of my power would have died with you. However, I cannot die, death is the only universal constant. The other gods, however, bet far more than power."

I stood, frozen and numb. What terrible deed had I done, what deeds had I yet to do, that would cause the most terrible god to give unto me his blessing and power.

Death spoke again "you are now thinking about how to avoid such a collosal disaster, what measures can be taken. The truth is, there are none. Your existence invites catastrophe. That is why you were my perfect champion." 

There is nothing I can do. Such destruction cannot be allowed to occur. I dare to defy death, by welcoming him. I place the blade to my throat a d slice.