It has been nearly three years since the war began. Three years since the last Christmas. *The last real Christmas*, Rachel thought. *But this year, he’ll show up. He has to!*

Standing precariously atop a ladder, her head cranked full tilt to one side, ear pressed against one of the shelter’s many ventilation grates, hoping to hear an audible sign of his arrival. Sleds upon the snow. Reindeer hooves. Anything.

Nothing. “It’s no use,” Rachel sighed, pouting.

“Master Rachel,” a tinny voice bleated, sending a jolt through Rachel, nearly causing her to fall from her ladder perch. “My sensors indicate you are using an object not intended for children’s use. A fall from that height could cause serious injury. Please consider discontinuing use of the DeWalt 8-Step Ladder with Safety SolesModelDiscontinuedThisFieldIsEmpty, and find an adult for assistance.”

Rachel rolled her eyes, “Okay, Atena. Took you long enough,” she murmured, descending the ladder. The shelters had been rigged up with In-Home AI systems. Though without the internet for updates, the system was beginning to get a little buggy. The shelter manufacturers added all kinds of these homey comforts to the shelters. 500,000 song music library drives for every registrant, exotic seed kits in the greenhouse with 20% more habanero peppers, sleeping chambers with only 4 to a room. Anything it would take to get people to pay a registration fee to stay, as opposed to the free government built shelters. Rachel wondered occasionally if those companies still existed on the surface, and what they could possibly be doing with all that money. She figured their shelters must have a million songs and only 2 to a room.

Though she had checked several times today alone, she wandered out of her family’s chamber, through the shelter’s corridors towards the Entrance Hall. That’s where the main computer informations screens were, giving details on outside surface temperatures, radiation levels, visibility, days remaining until recommended exit, but most importantly, the date and time.

The corridor, once pale grey, sterile, straight, harshly lit,and boring, was now a zig-zag of tapestries, empty crates, makeshift tables with chess boards etched on top, handcrafted national flags, inspirational quotes scrawled onto the bulkheads. Mr. and Mrs. Kerrington were sipping coffee in lawn chairs outside of their door. The two Vasquez kids were doodling dinosaurs on the polished concrete floor a few doors down. Sheets were hung over the fluorescent light tubes to cut down the coldness of them, and Christmas lights hung year round, draped down the entire length of the 500 foot corridor. What once looked like a hotel hallway from hell, now felt like a winding European alley. Rachel couldn’t help but smile everytime she walked through it. She didn’t remember much from before the war. And while she could see a hardness in the eyes of the adults, she, and the other children her age, had eyes that twinkled.

There was, in fact, only one thing she remembered from before the war that she would like to have back. And he was on a mission to find him at that very moment.

At the end of the corridor the door to the Entrance Hall awaited. She pressed a button on a panel to the side of the doorway, and it slid open, revealing a far more drab room that the hallway that preceded it. Dark. Moist, even. A large steel door. Locked, but from the inside. It’s been opened, she’s heard. But she’s never seen it.

She entered. The door closed behind her. Cale, manning the radio desk for any transmissions from the outside world, of which there were few, noticed Rachel with a smile. “Back again, daughter?”

“Just checking the time,” she said walking with all the faux-importance an eight year old can muster towards the informational readout board.

Cale smiled and shook his head at his precocious daughter. “We have a clock in our room, ya know?”

“Yeah, I know, but I don’t trust it,” as she tapped the screen to wake it up. A small flash, and the screen fades in:

[Envyrotech Shelter 0311 North Tustin, California](#sc)
[December 24, 2038 10:23 PM Pacific Rectified Time](#sc)


[Good Evening, Rachel Stanton!](#sc)


[Only 692 More Days To Go!](#sc)


[What Would You Like To Know?](#sc)

Rachel needed no further information than what she got from the landing screen. It was, in fact, still Christmas Eve, and the hour pleased her. It was way past bed time! “Any minute now,” she breathed.

She turned to her father, “Dad? Do you think Santa Claus will come this year?”

Cale’s hardened eyes stared at his daughter. “You still get a present from your mother and I every year, don’t you, darling?”

“But nothing from Santa. He’s the one that has all the good stuff.” Rachel remembered the handmade doll she received last year. Old blanket, pillow stuffing, and dress shirt button eyes. More terrifying than thoughtful, she recalled.

“Right. Well it might be a couple years until Santa is able to find us. And by then you might be too old to…” Cale petered out.

Rachel stared at her father. He sighed, “You might have, ya know, grown out of it?” Cale wasn’t exactly prepared for this converstaion. He had been on shift at the radio for nearly six hours. She ignored her father’s apparent lack of faith, and in a huff, walked to the steel exit door. She pressed her ear to it. It was cold. Only a faint buzzing could be heard. For a moment, and then one moment longer she held her ear to the door.

Her ear was beginning to hurt from the cold, and as she was about to pull away, a faint thud was heard. She gasped in excitement, drawing the attention of her father. “What is it, Rachel?”

She shushed him. Pressing her ear harder against the door. Another thud. And something else. A jingle of sorts. Sleigh bells?

A loud bang on the door sent Rachel reeling, stumbling back towards her father, “Stay back, honey,” he forced out as he smacked a button on his radio desk. A thick silence enveloped the room. Cale reached in a crate for a rifle, loading it as quietly and calmly as he could. Another loud intentional bang on the door. Three bangs. In succession. A knock.

Two more adults entered the Entrance Hall, heading straight for the weapons crate. “What the hell is it, Cale?” one asked.

“First contact, Ethan.”

“Santa,” Rachel whispered quietly, from behind her father.

There were no more knocks. A full minute passed before any of the three adults lowered their rifles.

“Do the exterior cameras still work?” the third rifle barer asked, as she headed towards the informational screen to answer her own question.

“They’ve been on the fritz for months,” Cale answered.

“It’s Santa!” Rachel squealed.

“Get your daughter out of here, Cale!” Ethan puffed, “We’re gonna open the door.”

Cale got down on a knee next to his daughter, “Darling, I need to you go back to our quarters, okay?”


“But it’s Santa, Daddy!” she proclaimed.

“I don’t know about a--”, “There is no God damn Santa, little girl!” Ethan snapped, “It’s raiders, it’s pirates, it’s paramilitary, it’s one of a million terrible things, but it’s not fucking Santa!”

Rachel could not hold back tears. But she would not let that bastard see her cry, and out the door she ran. Back through the European alley. Back to her chambers.

“God dammit, Ethan,” Cale said, “Have a heart.”

“Open the fucking door, Cale.”

Heart beating out of his chest, Cale unlocked the door. His cold clammy hands gave the steel door even more of a chill. “Cameras, Emma?”

“No luck,” she replied, giving up at the terminal, and raising her rifle back towards the door.

Cale gripped the handle to the exit door, and with a grunt of force, or a growl of war, flung it open. The cold irradiated winds of the Ashlands whipped in. The thirteen steps of the wide sunken staircase to the surface were all to be seen. Only a slit of the night sky could be seen above the staircase and below the steel door’s frame. Black. Empty. No trace of footprints in the ash. No sign of anyone or anything ever happening by.

“What the hell is that by your feet?” Ethan asked, shivering.

Cale looked down, back towards the door into the corridor, and back down again. “Holy shit….”
