 As summer
came to an end and trees changed their color, so too did Barry change it
seemed.  At first the changes were small,
a new found interest in sewing, a fondness for the dark, and a strange habit
off hanging upside down off branches and poles. 
I didn’t mind too much at first, especially when Barry began to fix the
broken seams in some of my old clothes, but when he started eating ants and
flies he caught I grew worried.  Every
time he laughed it off, talking about a new fad diet he had read.  *Insects are full of protein*, he would
say.  *The Aborigines eat them ya’
know!*  And last week he had even ditched
the glasses that served him for five faithful years.  With each new change Barry seemed to become
less and less of himself, and their frequency had only increased.  This morning Barry woke laying on his
stomach, his arms and legs tucked under him. 

  “How could
you possibly sleep like that?”  I asked
from the bathroom, combing my hair.

  “It’s just
somehow more comfortable that way.”  He
laughed and came into the bathroom, stood behind me, and wrapped him arms
around my shoulders.  He leaned into me,
forcing a kiss, and caused me to drop the hairbrush.  

  “Stop.  It. 
Silly!”  I pushed his arms away
and bent over to pick the brush up, coming face to face with a silk grey cobweb
that ran under the counter’s lip. 
Spiders, eggs, dead bugs.  The
whole nest and all.

  “Ahhhhh!” I
ran from the room.  “Kill it!  Kill it!” 
Barry laughed, amused as ever by my fear of spiders.  This was a routine that he had only grown to
expect, I would hide in bed while he played genocide with the eight legged
monsters.  After a moment Barry emerged
from the bathroom.

  “Did you
get them a-” I stopped midsentence, distracted by Barry chewing something.  Gum, maybe? 
No, there was a strand of grey silk hanging from his mouth.  “A…are the spiders dead?”

  Barry
swallowed.  “They are now.”  He smiled, his teeth smeared black.  

  “Barry…”  I stepped back, his smile vanished as I
looked up into his eyes.  They stared
back, black and speckling, like a multifaceted rock gleaming in the light.  Their once blue hue vanished into the night. 

  “Whatssss
the matter Sssssally,” he asked, his tongue flicking out.  He stepped forward, and doing so the light
flicked off a long thread stretching out from his back.  My eyes followed it up to the ceiling, then
back down to his suspended feet.  

  His arms
flashed out, cut the thread, and he landed in a crouch.  He leapt up, arms and legs folding around me,
spinning me in circles.  My struggles cut
out as a grey web threaded around me, restricting movement.  In a moment I was a cocoon, completely unable
to move.

  “Yessss
Ssssally,” he hissed, “tonight’ss dinnersiess, warm blood.  No more bugsiesss!”  His arm pulled back, then flung forward
striking my face.  Pain flooded in first,
then the blackness came next, drowning everything else out.  

  

