The man in the pressed suit remained altogether unimpressed by the sergeant's words per minute. The magic range shimmered in the spectral aftermath of the sergeant's spellslinging, targets downfield burnt to a crisp, but the man continued down the line, shaking his head. 

Captain Millen grew splotchy throughout his five o'clock shadow. Sergeant Willoughby was their most promising trooper, and Millen had hoped he might impress.

"I can see now why you have had such trouble quelling the Order," said the man in the pressed suit. He was an agent fresh from the Bureau. An older gentleman with a mustache that had gone out of style five presidents ago. Millen hadn't known exactly what to expect, but it damned sure wasn't this. 

"Yes, sir," Millen said, though it pained him. Willoughby looked at him as though he'd been stung by a fireball.

"Reems," the man in the suit said. "Phone the Bureau and tell them I've had to do a *tad* more than consulting."

"Sir," stuttered his companion--a squirrelly fellow who looked more at home pushing pencils and counting paperclips. "You're under strict orders...after Los Angeles..."

"The *Bureau* wants the Order wiped clean from Chicago," the man snapped. "I aim to accomplish just that. That is, unless you are going to stop me?"

"Hold on just a minute--You were involved in the LA--?"

The man fixed Millen with a glare menacing enough to cut Millen off on its own accord. 

"Doesn't matter. You give me an hour, and your underground Order will be spellslinging in hell."

Millen gulped. The Order had been more than just a pain in his side, sure, but if this mysterious man had been involved in the disintegration of Beverly Hills, would his help really be all that useful? Innocent people might die.

But innocent lives were already dying. The city was being torn apart. Hell, the Order had practically sectioned off the heart of downtown for their own accord. With no soul able to spellsling at a faster words per minute, how much longer could they reasonably hold out?

Willoughby was shaking his head, but Millen took a deep breath and said: "Load up the observation van."

 Trump tower stood in the heart of the city, practically shedding spectral dust. Men patrolled the entryway, and on the rooftop Millen could see spellslingers practicing on a makeshift rap-battle arena. 

"Bug me up," said the man in the pressed suit. 

Captain Millen raised his eyebrows.

"First thing they check. Last infiltration attempt our man was strangled by his own wire-turned-anaconda."

The man in the pressed suit eyed him in obvious amusement. Reems, the squirrelly fellow, was busy untangling a mass of wire, fingers shaking. The man  in the suit looked to Sergeant Willoughby, who was preoccupied with glaring at him from the dark corner of the van. "You fellas best pay attention. I want this to be a learning exercise."

He was at the entrance in a blink. The guards could hardly believe themselves. Millen watched with his heart beating in his ears as they gestured towards him to halt. The man just continued walking, unimpeded by their spells. A series of unintelligible incantations literally blew the standing Order guards to smithereens. Red clouds of dust hung in the air for a brief moment, as if puffs of cigarette smoke trailing off into the Windy City breeze. 

"My god..." Millen whispered. 

Now inside the tower, all they had to go on was the audio. The speakers crackled with sounds straight from hell. Willoughby and Millen grew paler and paler with every scream. Each was preceded by uttered spellslinging Millen had never heard of before--some untold experimental branch of the Bureau perhaps? The words were completely foreign, and spoken at a words per minute that should be completely impossible. 

Reems was practically rocking in the corner of the van, muttering: "This wasn't supposed to happen, this wasn't supposed to happen ."

Millen and Willoughby watched in bewilderment as the man progressed up the tower. Floor by floor the lights blew out, followed by screams of untold agony, always proceeded by what sounded like a completely different language. At one point Willoughby withdrew a notebook and tried to write the words down, but by the tenth floor he threw his pen to the floor, deigning the exercise completely useless. 

Then, silence. Millen and Willoughby went pale, looking towards Reems. 

"What's going on?" asked Willoughby. 

"Maybe they got him," said Millen, disappointed. "There must have been too many."

He nearly told Willoughby to get in the driver's seat before a counterattack could be launched, but suddenly the speakers crackled back to life. 

"Who the fuck do you think you are?" Millen heard Orion, the Order leader gasp. Outside the window, the entirety of Trump tower groaned and shuddered. 

Orion coughed through the speakers. "*What* the fuck are you?"

A brief moment of silence. Millen and Willoughby were practically pressing their ears to the speakers. 

"I'm the Scat-Man," came the man's voice.

Orion let out a blood curdling scream, drowned out by the man in the pressed suit's incantation:

"Ska-badabadabadoo-belidabbelydabbladabbladabblabab-belibabbelibabbelibabbelabbelo-doobelidoo"

Trump Tower groaned violently once more, the men on the roof wobbling confusedly, their rap battle interupted, before finally the tower collapsed in on itself--and the Order along with it. 
Millen and Willoughby stared, slackjawed, as the man in the pressed suit walked clear of the rubble, suit coated in blood and dust, smiling from ear to ear.