Ugh, damn. This prison isn't nearly as fun as I thought it'd be. I mean, hell! I should be running this joint! I've killed over three hundred people for two whole years and never got caught until now! Every single murder was the same, too. I would hang them up in a crucifix position by their neck and wrist, using a custom made set of scissors. Then I would right the word *bloodlust* on the wall in their blood. I even had a fucking name! They called me Genocide John. I liked the name for the most part, but Genocide *John* doesn't really fit a classy and sophisticated girl like myself. Genocide Juliette would've been my pick, but I made lemonade with what I had.

Of course the only reason I got cough was a dumbass mistake. Wearing shoes to my murder? What was I thinking?! And a skirt! Who knew a ripped skirt and some sweaty shoes could be so damning?

Either way, I was stuck here. Even with how drop dead gorgeous I am, I didn't need to worry. Everyone here knew what would happen if they fucked with me. Life here wasn't all that bad, everyone knew to stay on my good side, and there was this one guy here who was into stuff like bondage and feet, along with being a total masochist. He's basically my bitch now, I own him. He loves it, and I do too. The only really problem is my sentence. Life. That was gonna be a *big* pain in the ass!

Cuz, you see... I'm kinda... immortal... Yep, you heard right, can't die unless I decide to do it myself, or tell someone to do it for me.

Anyway... I've been here a while, all this work, and prison life, it should get to me. I should have grey hair and visible wrinkles and all that other weird shit, but I don't. I'm as young and vibrant as ever. Multiple people have attempted to murder me, never works. They've started wondering though, about why I can't die, why I never seem to grow old. It's started to get out of hand.

I sit in my cell, legs crossed thinking over my situation. The sound of drippy faucets and shuffling feet echoed through the building, making it nearly impossible to think. "Ugh, these people are turning riotous. They try to kill me over and over, when are they going to realize that it just won't work?"

"Maybe you should kill one of them, to show them where their place truly is." He spoke through gasps of breath as he kissed my feet.

I kicked him, he smiled. "Shut up, bitch. I never asked you, now do your job." I grinned maniacally. He had a point. Maybe I should murder one of them, that would put them in their place. "Stop." I command, he moves his lips away. "You've just given me an idea, good work, slave. As a reward, you may now start licking." He perked up and lowered his head back down, eager to work with his 'reward'.

"Yes Mistress Juliette." He mumbled, and got back to work.

I let myself relax, and formulated a plot. These damn prisoners were going to learn their place, even if I had to force them onto their knees. They will all kneel, and beg for forgiveness. I'll make them grovel at my feet, then deny them what they want. I may kill a few of them just for the hell of it! I decided to hold back on my plan for now, and only put it into action if need be. Who knows, maybe these idiots will learn their place on their own....

*Five years pass......*

"I just can't take it anymore!" I screamed out, "These ignorant fools continue to disrespect and degrade me every day! None of them have learned anything over the past *five years!!* That's it! I have a plan, time to put it into action!" I decided on my target, then commanded my loyal slave to kneel before me and grovel.

He obliged without question.

I laughed evily, seeing someone in this position just filled me with pure ecstasy! "Oh yes, darling! They will all bow before me! Kneel and worship me, they will learn their place! Just as you have, that will be that! I will run this godamned place!"

I decided that tonight was the night, I would make it all happen tonight. So I did it. I killed some lady who happened to be foolish enough to walk around at night. I hung her up and wrote out *bloodlust* on the wall in her blood, along with another message: "Worship me. Or this will happen to all of you." 

Three days passed, only two people decided to use their brains and submit. I needed to do more.

I killed another, then two, then three. Before I knew it twenty people were dead. I hung them up, and wrote my message. Just like the other times.

Most of the prisoners were either dead or my slaves. Of course there was still the rebellious few, I didn't them though, they made this game more fun. The joy I got from seeing the look on their face when they finally broke was indescribable. 

I decided I was done. I had killed more then double the people in here than I ever did while free. My worshippers could only do so much to pleasure me, and I was growing tired of them. I decided to do it. The called me Genocide John for a reason. I decided to commit mass murder, and kill every single prisoner here.

So that's what I did. They rioted when my inability to age came into play, they refused to accept their rightful place, and the ones who did could never fully pleasure me. I killed every single person in that prison, and then... when all was done, I sighed... and thrust the knife deep into my stomach. I smiled, I had done it. Gone out with a bang, just like I always hoped. I never wanted to live forever, but it certainly came in handy here, didn't it? I had enslaved two hundred people, then killed over five hundred more.

Y'know, none of this would've happened if they didn't get nosy and question my mortality. I would've been perfectly content live life here, with my pretty little bitch. Unfortunately, some people just don't know their place in this world.

...I was just reminding them where they belong...