“Field! Trip!” 

What were they suggesting, that I’d have them ride on my back to this thing called a... cruise? Fairly unfortunate, but my knowledge of the Western Kingdoms is not as adept as it should be— but that’s hardly a problem as I explain to them I’m unaware of what it is that they are seeking on this cruise.

“Sister, don’t tell me you don’t know!” cried aloud Junior as he worked on his maths homework off to the side. Most members of our guild tallied and trained in this large room I had built myself from much fire, stone-crushing, and people-scaring. 

Most of my members looked at me in the same manner. I shrugged. “I’m not a water species in depth. Though I am, there’s no need for me to venture into the Atlantic Ocean.”

“Didn’t you want to see the Sea Turtle migrations?” asked Kuil, who has cocked his head with a considering frown. “That’s where they’re happening if you say yes to our vacation—“

“Field! Trip!” initiated and covered by Georgette Robinson. 

Kuil shrugged. “I’m looking at a vacation.”

His best friend, Satoshi, didn’t say much to argue or support his intentions. I was still on a loss. Whatever was this thing called a cruise that they wanted to go so dearly and leave behind these lands of ours?



Later I would find myself in the outskirts of my territory. The guild’s territories. They were one in the same. My home wasn’t far off but was very unneeded most of the time. I’d stay here with them when I was given most chances; most of us stayed here, my oldest members, a father and mother of half-nearness to 100 moved here with their children. 

It was a peaceful life and territory... 

I sighed, and began speaking with the few sheep, parrots, wolves, and goats that surrounded me. I told them I’d be back, so take good care of yourselves until then. 

“Yo, _______!”

My wings almost burst from under human skin. Eyes wide and glowing feral, hisses leaving my lips, and I could feel claws just yearning (and my yearning too) to break free. 

I turned to him. A member of my guild. I looked at him, his eyes just as human but underneath he radiates draconic roaring nature. He was a stone sculpture well-chiseled and holding fast together but within, made of ancient storms and fire. A breath of snowstorm and thin flames exasperated from my mouth. The animals watched us, completely unafraid, and remained as they were.

Even my most curious sheep decided to blow into the remaining snowflakes and fires.

“I guess we’re going then!” He exclaimed, as he sat down on the log next to me. “I’ve been there before, you’re going to love it!”

It’d been a long time since I heard my name. “Why did you say my name?”

He whispered close to my ear. “Don’t you know I love you, _______. I love you, Victoria.” Then he added, “Besides, this isn’t—“

“Who I really am? Yeah, I get it. Most dragons scream and taunt me about that.” I sigh. There’s a blasphemous full moon of worries and trauma swelling in my cranium; if I was still in my true form, I would’ve shattered mountains. My screams, my roars, the Heavens had not heard such in millennia. “I don’t want to hear that again. Nope. Maybe this is who I really am. Maybe I enjoy herding humans. Maybe I enjoy being amongst them. Maybe I enjoy helping Junior with his homework and teaching these humans how to bend fire for their survival in any geographic setting!”

He looked at me, a nervous smile and a hand rubbing the back of his neck. That same hand was shredded to pieces as his real hand shown forth. “I was actually going to say, this isn’t something I take lightly.” He scoffed, “I’m in this too small human form for you, _______.  With you.” He sighed, “Though, are you sure it’s not just enjoyable because no other dragon likes you?”

I looked at him. Silence was me, grim reminders was me. 

He smiled in pity. “Yeah, well, they have no idea what they’re missing. They’ve no idea what they’ve done... to you.” I feel his draconic hand on my own. I miss the touch. My hand is disguised but I missed the touch of my own kindred. 

They pushed me away. Me. I felt my lips tremble. A snarl so gnarly and draconic that it was a massage to my chest. There’s anger, there’s anger.

But he catches me just in time.

There’s him, there’s him. And I sob pitifully but truer than I have in months. The animals slowly pivot away. Some remain, others leave. I hold his hand and the animals that remain draw a bit closer to me. I’m sobbing in joy, and their heads are on my knees, their coos of sympathy and love and... adoration. 

Suddenly he’s hissing. His grip tighter. A smile, elation and full, toothy, flashes on his human face but in a blink do I see his true face — draconic, pitch black, magnificent and mighty horns curved up, eyes alive. 

“What?” I ask.

He chuckles, “Have you really forgotten that you’re the most powerful dragon of us all? The effect you have on us...” his hand had grown just a tad for emphasis. The look of wild, calculating dragon as his eyes’ identity — not something human and placid. 

Breaths of fire and stardust leave his mouth. 

I close my eyes. Make a decision in my head. The animals that remain look at me with expectation, and a knowledge in their eyes, sheer recognition.

“By the evening, I’ll leave with you.”

He was ecstatic and hugged me briefly. Whispering, “From our skies and from our stars, I remember you.”

I responded back in our mother tongue. “I remember you.” 

He smiled. “I won’t miss them.”

I scratched behind the ear of a rabbit and his hand scratched her other ear. The rabbit was in bliss and still, soon other rabbits crept closer, in anticipation of our touch while others were satisfied sleeping next to our legs—

The two dragons, at peace, laughing, as the stars fell and the sky became purple.



And by midnight, great crackles of thunder and lightning drummed into the earth below. In their fields, great shapes of dragons rose in shape and size. I tore out a roar that would rip apart my muzzle. It left me growling, menacingly and hungrily. 

He rose his chin to the sky and unleashed a heaven-resonating roar with great claws flexing at his sides, milking the roar from his throat muscles. 

The flakes disappeared. The vultures would have a tasty, if not stale, easy meal.

We looked at each other once our roars were finished and echoed only in the mountains around. His mouth was full of fire and stardust, my eyes calculative and myself, as I *felt* — the Dragon, the beast of the forbidden, maker of tornadoes and twisters.

