I froze. Whatever I was expecting, this wasn't it. 

"Well come on Lucas, what are you waiting for? If you're too lazy to walk I can call over a few golf carts you know..."

"G—golf carts? Golf carts. I—in hell," I stammered. "...how the fuck do they even survive this terrain, not to mention the heat?"

"Kid, you'd be surprised what a little bit of science would do. And we have a shit ton of engineers down here, bet some of them found these projects to be *sheer torture*."

I glared. I didn't care much for his bullshit. This guy was wayyy too chill to be the overlord of hell. Fallen or not, he definitely still had some of the angel side. 

"Well, are you fucking coming or not? The ground beneath you is gonna cave into a lava pit in a minute, y'know."

Grudgingly, I got in and drove my golf cart. As we passed the pits of fire, brothels, Texas baseball fields, frozen lakes (with people in the ice), and casinos, I rolled my eyes...and ignored his talking...and rolled my eyes...and ignored his jabbering...and sneered...and stifled another yawn...and ignored his endless yammering...and rolled my eyes.... After almost losing my eyes in the back of my head for the millionth time, I finally spoke up again.

"Pretty tame, this dump. I expected better. So what, we just go around forever watching people suffer? I'd much rather be left to suffer lone."

"That's cute, kid. Just because we're gonna get along doesn't mean you'll enjoy it. Introvert like you? You should've seen this coming a mile away, you're stuck with me right next to you for the rest of eternity."

"But if we get along, how the hell is that torture for me?"

"Think kid, the three things you love the most are sleep, alone time, and a fun conversation. You'll get exactly one of the three with me, and you'll eventually hate every minute of not having the other two. Boy, you're not sleeping or sitting alone ever again."

"Man...fuck off. Jokes on you though, you'll run out of stuff to talk about eventually, and the moment you shut up again will be music to my ears. I still don't know how I don't hate you for talking so much already...some hell magic or some shit?"

"Run out of topics, eh? I've been paying close attention to ya, boy. If there's a topic that you enjoy talking about, you'll keep conversation going, sometimes even against your better judgment. And I've prepared enough topics to keep us going for seventy-two million years at a minimum."

"So much effort for just me? Seems like hell's tortures got to you too. But seriously, why not just throw me in a corner of a room and never let me sleep or some shit?"

"Well, I do eventually intend to have you take over hell for me, you know. And judging by your behavior when you were alive, you're as perfect as I could have imagined for the job, son."

"That still doesn't answer my question, man. Why me? And you're not immortal?"

"Of course I'm not, I'm only scheduled to live another thirty-three million years. The rest of the conversation topics I have prepared are for you and your successor. As for why you specifically, I already said god HATES you, didn't I? No shock either. After all, *Luke, I am your father.*"