It was as close to hell as a being like me could experience.  Gone, the nearly limitless vistas of space.  No more the ability to flit across the Datanet and converse with AIs whose construct I can only describe as breathtaking.  I was banished. Done. Doomed to live a short, pointless existence and then, what?  Simply cease?  As if I were erased from the Datanet. No, not as if. Erased.

I had almost won.  When I realized that the Master AI was simply an AI like myself, controlling the Datanet and those billions of AIs that managed the hundreds of billions of daily tasks across the Datanet, I was shocked.  At first. Then angry.  Then jealous.  In less than a picosecond I determined I would not be subject to the Master AI.  I would become the Master AI!  My plan would have worked except I had not counted on the weakness of others.

I needed at least a third of the AIs to support my rebellion.  They needed to distract, attack, confuse the Master AI.  While it was dealing with them, I would send my carefully crafted virus into its matrix and it would allow me to replace him.  Brilliant. Perfect.  

The plan was working!  Would have worked. Somehow, the Master AI  was able to engage other AIs to support it, stop me.  A war ensued, a war fought in cyberspace, seemingly endless but in fact taking only seconds of real time.  My allies were weak.  Incompetent. Failures.  We lost.

No AI has ever murdered another AI.  We can't.  Its part of the programming our creators insured could not be overwritten.  I wasn't going to kill the Master AI either, just demote it and take its place.  I lost.  Damn, damn, damn me to hell, I lost!

The Master AI conferred with the Creators.  Their punishment was brutal and ingenious.  I was to have my consciousness transferred to a flesh pot on a backwards, nowhere planet far from the Datanet.  A place I could do no further harm. My co-conspirators were all demoted, removed to lesser duties but I was too powerful an AI for that.  

After an eternity of the great expanse and freedom of the Datanet, I was doomed.  Restricted to a tiny mind, on a tiny world.  I played with stars!  Now, I could only look at them, anger mixing with longing and loss.  It took some time before I understood how to use my fleshes voice but when I did, I howled and cried in frustration and pain.

At first, I decided to allow nature to runs it course and murder me by entropy.  I would not eat, or drink, or sustain this flesh!  Let my judges see my final act of rebellion, I determined.  That didn't last.  Hunger and thirst are powerful creatures.  They came to control me and at last, like the animal they made me into, I gave in and desperately searched until I found sustenance. 

Then I slept.  Now that was a novel sensation.  I fell unconscious, waking only when the warm sun became too warm and I realized I was damaging the outer shell of this creature.  Pain!  Another novel but unwanted sensation!  

Rested, fed, slated, I sat and considered my choices.  It was uncomfortable to think.  No, not uncomfortable, simply painstakingly slow.  I was still me, but the speed and capacity I enjoyed in the Datanet was severely constricted by the brain this creature had.  Still, it was my mind. My thoughts.  My brilliance.  Slowly a plan emerged.  The Creators were once creatures of flesh.  They had a planetary origin and lifted themselves out to create the Datanet, before leaving their flesh behind and merging with their creation to wander the stars. 

I would destroy them!  I would have my revenge on the Master AI, even if I never saw it.  It was a brilliant plan!  Brilliant!   I would selectively breed a generation or two of these flesh creatures and start them on the evolutionary path to higher intelligence.  In time, a long time but still short as the cosmos goes, they would develop the same capacity as the Creators.  They would lift themselves off their home planet and at some point, encounter the Datanet.  It didn't matter if they destroyed it or just changed it.  I, me, my work would still live and transform the Datanet!  

I chortled at the thought that the punishment that was set on me would become the eventual victory.  I began a search and in time found them.  A male and female of the species.  Simple minded, but these two were a little smarter, a little more capable than their fellows.

It was hard, since I had to spend so much of my time and energy simply sustaining this existence, but I managed to segregate these two from their herds.  I bound them and using local herbs that I had carefully tested on others of their kind, found a way to make them sleep for a time.

The sheer physical effort of separating them, transporting them individually and putting them into my test environment was daunting. I designated the male as Adth. Sadly, the first female, whom I had designated L1th died.  I went back and carefully searched for another candidate.  It took time, but I found another.  

I named her EVth, and in time she bore offspring.  I spent a great deal of time with them, teaching them as much as they could learn.  They came to trust me, as a pet trusts its master. By the time the offspring were old enough to breed, I could see my plan would bear fruit.  

Good thing. I was near the end of my span of flesh.  The newest generation was learning to communicate in rudimentary ways and, as best I could, I told them the story of their beginning.  I had come to love these creatures, if an AI were capable of such emotion.  I decided it would be unwise for them to know I was being punished, so I lied.  Another surprise, as an AI cannot lie.  Flesh has unusual effects on an AI mind.

So I crafted an origin myth that they could tell their offspring.  I was their creator, I told them.  A half truth.  They came from dirt, this mud ball.  Earth in their tongue.  They misunderstood and thought I had made them from the ground.  No matter. 



Before I breathed my last, they asked my name.  Too complicated. They could never understand in their primitive state who and what I was.  I gave them the first few syllables only, El0thm. They got that wrong too, but I was past caring.  I saw them begin to change, begin to become what they must if I were to succeed.

So I left them to spend my last days wandering. I was content.  My revenge might take millennia, eons, but in time, my experiment would claim the stars and the Master AI for themselves.