“Drop your weapons!” Cried a reedy voice from the alleyway.

The criminals froze in their tracks, turning their weapons on the darkness with shivering hands. It had to be one of *them*. One of the heroes. There hadn’t been time for it to be anyone else – there were no flashing lights, no screeching tires of police cars. Only a voice in the dark that commanded them to stop. 

A figure stepped into the pool of light at the base of the lamppost. It was a boy, wearing clothes much like their own – black, with a mask obscuring everything but his eyes. Where theirs were ratty and torn, however, his had been artfully put together – speckled with gleaming dots of white, the swirl of a galaxy splashed across his chest. He was a boy, lanky with a teenager’s new growth, but there was no mistaking what he was. 

“I said,” The boy continued, “*drop. Your. Weapons.*” 

“And why the hell should we do that? Just because some punk asked us to?” Asked the first, a tall man with thick stubble growing what parts of his chin were visible. He was the one with the briefcase – and he was quite keen on being able to keep it when the night was through. 

“You know better than that.” The teen said. “If you didn’t, you’d already be running.” 

It would have been intimidating, if he could keep his voice from cracking quite so much. 

“Nuh uh. I don’t think so, tough guy.” The crook cackled. “You’re just a wannabe. You think I don’t recognize a home-made costume when I see one?” 

The would-be hero gulped, but stood his ground. “Power doesn’t depend on experience.” He said. “It depends on who you are, and where you were born.” 

“I know.” The man replied. “See Marco here? He’s special too – born at the base of the Grand Canyon. His mom broke past security and everything, just so he would get the *gift*. Wanna see what he did to the vault doors?” 

Marco flexed, displaying muscles that strained the fabric of his shirt to the utmost limit. The boy, however, didn’t reply. Inwardly, he flinched – remembering the awful sound of the twisting metal. He had been nervous then, but it was nothing compared to how he felt now.

“Meanwhile, I was born at sea.” The man continued. “Wayyyy out over the ocean, not like these namby-pamby wannabes who wade into the shallows to have their kids. You should just see what I can do with a cup of water…or a cup of blood.” He cackled loudly, making the hairs on the back of the boy’s neck stand up on end. 

“You wanna know why we didn’t run, kid?” The crook said, grinning. “We thought it might be someone who would put up a fight. You know, someone special. Alabaster, maybe. He might be able to give Marco here a shiner, if he threw his crystals hard enough. Or maybe Zephyr. But no. Instead, we just find you – a pitiful, weak, idiotic child playing hero in the middle of the night with a bunch of criminals. I have half a mind to teach you a lesson…maybe you’ll get to find out about that cup of water after all.” 

He set down his briefcase, and as one the two men began to approach.

“Do you want to know where I was born?” The boy said. It sounded as if he were trying to get the words out quickly, before he lost his nerve. “Don’t you wonder *why* I’m here, why I’m so brave even though I knew from the start how strong both of you were?” 

The men froze. 

“Space.” The boy said. “I’m the first person ever born in space.” 

The tall man swallowed. Space? He had never heard of someone being born there. Except, maybe, he had. A newspaper cover, half remembered, flickered in front of his vision – Child Born among the Stars. The one who was destined to be a god among men. 

“Do you want to know what I can do?” He asked, taking a step toward them. “What powers the vacuum of space gives a child?” 

The criminals took a step back. 

“Maybe I can rip you apart, tearing your atoms from your flesh one…by…one…” The boy continued. “Maybe I can just squeeze you, push you into a point of matter so dense you won’t even be able to scream. Maybe I’ll just rip you limb from limb at the speed of light.” 

Sirens blared in the background. Silently, the man cursed – they had taken too long, been caught too early. Every instinct he had urged him to run - but he didn’t dare make a break for it. Not while that terror stared him down. 

“Or maybe, the vacuum of space does something else.” The boy said, grinning triumphantly. “Maybe, so far from everything else…you get nothing at all, and I’ve just been bluffing the entire time.” 

The men blinked. Before they could react, the police cars swerved into view, sirens deafening. The boy turned and ran, vanishing into the darkness as the criminals cried out in surprise. 

“Or maybe,” He whispered, “you two are just really, really gullible.” 
 
