Wiscard was a simple prince. He never even wanted to take up everything. Yet, because he was a prince, he had no choice.

And everyone had already gotten their sponsor, so it was only Wiscard left to get one. Even whoever put the princes in onset didn't favor him.

"Prince Wiscard. Please, this way," one of the servants lead him to a vast room.

"Where's my father?" Wiscard asked.

"Your father, King Garnier, said that he will not meet any of his sons until a winner is decided," the man tried to explain.

"My father is mad as ever," Wiscard said, frowning, and walked towards the altar.

"So, I assume that I get what's left?" Wiscard asked. He had no expectations. He knew that he was going to die. He had always been the weak one. He had a million, maybe a bit extravated, different kinds of illnesses. There was no way that he would make a good, strong king.

"You look at the altar, and say 'I summon the, my sponsor,' and that should be it, good prince. After that, you have to leave the room from a side door, over there," and the man showed to a larger wooden door that was a bit aside from the alter. "That will lead you straight to the battle arena."

There were many doors. It seemed that each of them were supposed to take them to a different place.

The man turned around and walked away, leaving Wiscard there all alone. The moment the door closed, he let himself free and just sighed. He hated that all. It was annoying.

"Oh, great amazing something. I invite theeee, my patron, or support, or whatever, to appear" Wiscard said.

The altar was lit on fire, and something was inside of it. Slowly the fire started to extinguish, revealing a man standing there, cycle in his hand, full of bones, and he wore sunglasses.

"Wazzap, bro," the skeleton said.

"W-what? Well, it's not hard to guess who you are. Are you here to reap my soul?"

"What, bro? You just summoned me, bro. Why would I reap you?"

Wiscard leaned a bit forward and started making circles. "You're a reaper, right?"

The skeleton began to laugh. "Please," he said, as he tried to clean his non-existing tear. "I'm not something as low as a reaper," he started to search something from his black cloak, secretly taking off his sunglasses. As he put his sunglasses back on, he said, "I'm death itself."

"Whoa. What's that you're wearing?"

"Oh, it's a thing called sunglasses, from the alternative universe where I happened to be before you summoned me. A creepy place, but they make cool stuff," the death said, smiling. "Wanna try it?"

"Yeah, sure," Wiscard said, nodding, and took the sunglasses to try them on. "Whoa, I can barely see anything. It went so dark."

"No shit, you're indoors. Keep it. You might need it for the... What was I summoned again for?" death asked.

"Battle Royale between the princes," he said.

"Ooh. Right. You still have this weird tradition. I was a bit bummed that I was never summoned till now," he said. "But it's cool, bro."

He sighed, stretched his boney hands, which made some loud cracking noise and took out a notebook.

"So, who are we gonna kill?"

"Come on. That's too boring even for my taste!"

Death looked at him for a moment and then grinned. "I like you. I like to do some reaping too, like when I was young. It's always good to see people shitting themselves before they die," he said, laughing. "What's your name, by the way?"

"I'm Wiscard, the-"

"Don't bother. I don't care about your titles. And your name is too weird. I'll give you a simpler name. Hmm. Bob. Yes. Bob. You're now known as Bob."

"Wha-what," Bob was a bit confused.

"So, what do you want to do, Bob?" the skeleton finally jumped down from the altar and leaned on his scythe.

"Well, I would just get out of here and enjoy the world," Bob said, laughing. "But sounds like a good dream."

"Why not? The others will definitely chase you, but nobody is able to stop you now."

"They aren't?"

"Come on. I'm a fucking death. Who do you think can stop me? There's only one being I know who can stop me and I was having tea with her a week ago. She's still pissed about the fact that I accidentally let Lucifer's soul escape the cell, hahaha. Sorry, another universe, again. It was a good prank, but cost a lot."

Bob grinned. "Sounds like a good idea. I like that. But how do I get out of here?" he asked.

Death cracked his hands again and pointed one finger towards a nearby wall. Suddenly the stone started to age and turned into a cloud of dust, that slowly fell down. "Ooh, there happens to be a huge hole there."

Bob grinned. "Then let's go. You okay sticking with me?"

Death thought for a moment. He remembered what happened last time he disappeared. All the reapers panicking, few worlds suddenly stopping functioning. "Yeah, what's the worst that could happen, bro?" he said, following Bob's steps.

---

/r/Elven