"Stop, criminal!" Shouted the newly dubbed Ultradude. The "criminal" in question seemed unsure of what to do, faced with such a mighty hero. He raised his weapon and fired, causing Ultradude to flinch, before realizing he didn't even feel the bullets. The man saw Ultradude's invulnerability and made  to run, but decided he should just surrender and pay his debt to  society. 

"I'm sorry mr. Ultradude! I'll never do it again!" The criminal whined.

"That's okay-- I mean, that was a very bad thing, sir, robbing banks like that! You have to go to jail now!" Ultradude was just and merciful. 

"Good work, Ultradude!" The police commissioner said as his men moved to arrest the wrongdoer. "We just got word of a standoff at the airport.  My men are on their way, but you can fly there faster. "

"I can fly? " Ultradude was suddenly unsure.

"Of course you can! " The commissioner said reassuringly. "That's one of your powers, remember? "

"Oh, right, " he said, as if it just came back to him. He jumped into the air, but didn't take off. He tried again to no avail. 

"Maybe if I give you a slight toss? " Sure enough, a little boost was all he needed. Upon arrival at the airport, he crashed into the pavement, just outside the building where armed men were making demands. 

"Come out with your hands up, or I'll be forced to come in there and thrash you! "

"Who's that? " one of the men could be heard asking. 

"Th-th that's Superdude!" Sqealed another. 

"No no no, it's Ultradude, dude! And he's bulletproof!" A third said in awe. "Weren't you watching the news just now? He just stopped that bank robbery like five minutes ago. How'd he get here so fast? "

"We should give up, boys " The leader said. "No way we gonna beat him!"

"And we can't outrun him, neither!" A simple decision, all three men threw down their weapons and marched out, hands raised, as ordered. Standoff ended, Ultradude stood, cape aflutter, arms akimbo in his best hero pose, showered by raucous applause and congratulations. 

"You're outstanding, Su--er-- Ultradude!" said the commissioner as he arrived. 

"All in a day's work, sir!" Ultradude said with as much confidence as he ever had. A day's work  had included helping firefighters rescue stuck animals, saving people from wrecked cars, and of course, stopping criminals. He realized how exhausted he was at the end of his adventure. 

One day a young man was told that his best friend was never going to be able to visit him again. He was spared the details, which involved a dispute between his friend's parents, that ended in tragedy. Despondent and heartbroken, the young man shut himself away from everyone, only speaking to declare that if only he'd been a superhero, his friend would still be around. 

Then one day, many months later, he suddenly got his wish. Endowed with extraordinary powers he didn't understand, and with the help of his entire city, he became Ultradude, Warrior of Justice, dedicated to helping the world and doing his friend's memory proud.