“Welcome” Said a voice

All I could see was a bright light and a figure of a person in front of me.

“I am sorry to inform you, Jacob, but you have passed on at the tender age of 20”

I feel my head tilt downward as I feel sadness and disappointment for what my life could’ve been. I never been a bad person but I have never been a good one either. I have no regrets nor do I have any proud moments of my life. I studied to be a doctor and I was 2 years into my undergrad yet… it was all gone” 

“I understand the pain and confusion you must feel, but my child I just ask that you answer me” said the tranquil mysterious voice

I tilted my head back up and listened even though my sight was still very much impaired.

“100 billion of my creations have died, I feel great pain right now as I have no way to stop their deaths, All though my power is limited I am still able to undo any single decision you have made. You may be young but I have seen some things that have always troubled you. Do you wish to undo them?”

I never really did anything bad but I have a feeling this person is referring to my decisions to leave my family when I was 18 to pursue my education. We lived on a small farm and life was simple yet I felt the needed to achieve something more. Man greed is really a sin I guess. Although I didn't do it for myself I wanted to help more people. I wanted to heal the world so they never felt pain again. I wanted to be there but…. It is too late. He is right though, I did regret leaving, but not because I did not enjoy my education but I missed my family. I loved them more than anything, so much so, I pursued medicine for my Grandfather.  He passed away due to a long battle with cancer. He called me all the time and we would always talk. I miss his voice it was so soothing….

I begin tearing as I think of my grandpa more

As my studies became more intense me and my grandfathers talks became less frequent and we did not talk. He left a lot of text messages that were always misspelled because he did not know how to use his phone, and he also left a lot of voicemails in his broken english that always made me cry. 

“JACOBBB, I miss you so much why you no love me, I haven’t talked to you in so long I hope you do become a doctor one day, My medical bills will be minus money! You better be a doctor before I die”

He would say minus money all the time because he did not know the word “less”.  He also had a pretty dark sense of humor but I loved it sometimes. He always talked about how his dark jokes always made me laugh when I was a kid, and would always say that his jokes would be the death of me. 

I would always play back all his old voicemails and read his old dark text just to get a good laugh. I would sometimes even pop it in my bluetooth radio before I drove to school and just listen. I know it is weird but hey I missed him a lot. His text would always have me laughing on a car ride home but sometimes they would put me in the worst mood. That question alone will always make my heart sink. 

“Why you no Love Me?”

I wish he saw how much I would cry in the car when I read a text, I really do. I know I said it made me laugh sometimes but other times I would break apart. 

*A sudden realization came over me*

“Wait!” I said, with a befuddled look on my face only visible through people who could see through the insane bright light in my area.

“ Can I ask you a question?”

“You may ask” said the bright figure

“Can I ask how exactly did I die so young, I mean I ran everyday, ate well, I was in good shape, and had no diseases, How is it I passed away so young?” 

The figure paused and did not say anything for about a minute or two

“ I am not allowed to tell you as, telling you would result in your rebirth and that is something I have done only to my son, or whatever you believe”

I stand stunned As I process what this figure just told me.

“Wait, did you just say that?”

“Say What, Jacob?”

“You just told me , “Or Whatever you believe” 

“Yep I did”

“Seeing as I am dead can you at least tell me what the right religion is so I can actually know you and follow your teachings?”

“Nah that is too easy” 

I pause as I feel as a bullet has entered my mind “Being that I have christian beliefs would that be the right religion?”

“I am not saying it is or it isn't” If I could see his face I feel like he would be grinning right now

“THEN WHAT IS IT THEN, CHRISTIANITY, ISLAM, BUDDHISM, WHATT!!!”

“ I am getting impatient you have a wish now, what is that you seek?” Said the figure with ire

I angrily recalculate what I was thinking before this very thought provoking argument with a figure I can’t see. Lets see, if my grandpa sent text messages and voicemails that I would read and listen too while driving, it is possibly safe to assume that I died texting while driving. If I reverse that day maybe I will be brought back to life. 

I begin laughing a little bit as I realized how he was right.

“May I ask what is so funny?”

“He may have been right about his jokes being the death of me, His jokes killed me but they may save me as well”

“ What is it that you wish to reverse Jacob?”

I nervously uttered the words “ I wish I never read my grandpas old messages while driving on the day of my death.”

The figure did not talk for about 5 minutes, 

“Damn well I guess I died another way well look at the bright side, you seem pretty cool and I think I am in some type of heav……”

Darkness erupted, it was quiet and I did not even hear a single peep for around 10 minutes. I see a light and I go towards it. As I run to the light everything begins emerging around me. From trees, to houses to even the river I drive over every morning on my way to school. I begin feeling something on my hand and over my chest. I think I am in a vehicle of some kind. I hear it and begin crying, 

“Poopy-di,scoop,Scoop-diddy-whoop,Whoop-di-scoop-di-poop,Poop-di-scoopty,Scoopty-whoop, Whoopity-scoop, whoop-poop,Poop-diddy, whoop-scoop,Poop, poop”

It was Kanye west song lift yourself I knew it was from my ipod because no one else listens to that dumbass but me. My visions blurry but I see a car in front of me and I break really hard. This must have been the scene that killed me, holy fuck I am alive again!!!!

I began singing along to the song.

“LIFT YOURSELF UP RIGHT ON YOUR FEET” 

I was dancing and laughing. I saw my phone on the cupholder right next to me. I threw it to the back and continued driving. I love you Grandpa but I think I am gonna prove you wrong this time. 

(This is my first prompt I honestly appreciate any feedback, I wanna write better) 