I tried not to think about what the rest of my fellow stowaways must have done to buy their passage to America, just as I tried each night to chase away the thoughts of what I had done to buy mine. Each day it became more of a struggle as, one by one, seemingly everything that could go wrong had gone wrong. First our only two flashlights had gotten wet, leaving us in utter darkness. Then there had been that terrifying storm. It had rushed in like a freight train, tossing the entire container around like a rag doll for hours before vanishing just as suddenly. Next we had run out of food as the passage had stretched on and on. Now the water was starting to get low. I knew my companions must be looking at their own supplies, wondering how long they would last, wondering what to do when when they were gone, wondering who might have stashed an extra bottle of water, an extra energy bar, an extra *anything*. My only hope was that the delirium of hunger and dehydration would take me before it came to that.
 
So deep in my brooding was I that I hardly noticed the scraping sound at the door at first. It blended in with the deep rumble that had permeated the container ever since the storm had knocked it around. There was no mistaking it now though, something was scratching at the latch, we were there! We were saved! The companions I had been so recently disparaging suddenly became my compatriots again, people with whom I had shared a struggle I knew none of us would ever forget. We staggered upright and tried to move towards hope.
 
The door cracked open and brilliant light fell through. My eyes, so used to the darkness, blinked and tried to cringe away. I forced them back, eager for the first glimpse of my new home. I took my first deep breath in what felt like forever, desperate to smell anything other than piss, shit, and unwashed bodies. The air rushing in at us smelled of over powering air conditioning, as if the container had been dropped into a hospital waiting room.
 
We couldn't see anyone outside but someone pushed the door open, letting in even more of the blinding light and the fresh yet unfresh air. One of my companions stepped out and we heard a crunch, the sound of crushing carapaces that forces one to quickly withdraw their foot, lest it be bitten and stung. Instantly a shriek came from everywhere at once, the floor seemed to take from as a mass of life swarmed away from the container. Looking down there was a puddle of something blueish on the ground, it smelled, well, delicious.
 
Trapped for weeks in their dark box, starving in terror, my companions couldn't help themselves. I couldn't summon the courage to stop them, or even to think of stopping them, as they surged forward and fell upon everything that moved. I'm not sure when I joined them, or why, but the shriek of terror and pain became lost on me as I ripped the creatures up by the handful, devouring them whole, blue blood dripping from my mouth.

*edit: words*