'What the fuck does that mean?', I wonder, as I stare at the note and the money. Ms. Smith had always been a weird one. She had started at the school 6 months ago and from the first day she introduced me to the wonderous world of drug trafficking. By "wonderous", I of course mean terrifying, but I didn't know it back then and I always did have a soft spot for easy profits. She'd asked me to stay after class, which was when she told me about a job delivering packages. She told me that as long as I don't ask questions and keep my pretty mouth shut, I'd stand to make a small fortune.

So, that weekend I went over to the alley behind school and took the box from behind the trash to 573 Eastern Lakeroad. The guy there was pretty normal from what I could tell. He tipped me and told me to tell Joan that here money'd be brought to her first thing tomorrow morning. And so I kept working and skipping Spanish classes, until 2 weeks ago, when I concluded that I had enough. That's when Ms. Smith invited me to her place for drinks to 'celebrate' our success and talk about my final job. She wanted me to go down to Phoenix to deliver a special package. I felt an urge to ask what was in it and, unfortunately, I did.

'And that's the last thing I remember. Then I woke up here.', I explain to the Mexican gentlemen.

'¿Que? Fuck you, gringo!', he yelled as he flipped me off and turned away. I guess he isn't fond of stories.

I rent a room at a nearby hotel with the money and decide to call "Joan" or whatever her name is from my room. I walk out onto the balcony to admire the sunset over the wastes. Then she answers.

'Steve? Is that you?', she asks.

'Yeah, it's me, Ms. Smith.', I answer.

'Jesus! I haven't heard from you for 2 weeks. The client called and said he's still waiting for his package. What happened, Steve?'

'I-I can't remember. Last thing I remember we were having drinks at your place.'

'Oh, you poor thing! We'll have to do that again if you get back.'

'If, Ms. Smith?'

'Oops! Haha! Did I say 'if'. I of course meant 'when'.'

'Shoot him, already.' I hear a whisper from her side of the line.

'Is there someone there with you, Ms. Smith?', I ask.

'Of course not, Steve! Everything's just fine. Cobra. Seven. Endgame.', she reassures before going all cryptic-like on me.

'Wh-?', I start to ask as something goes through my forehead into my brain and out through the back of my head. I collapse on the floor bleeding out of the bullet hole. But at that point, I was already dead.

'Target eliminated. Cobra-7 out.'

'Good that'll teach them to steal our packages. Now ship him back here full of the good stuff.', Ms. Smith's voice can be heard from my phone lying in the pool of my blood.

And then the morning came...

'Huaaaaahhhh!', I inhale loudly as I awake in the morning.

'Wait a second... I'm alive! How? Why?'

'You're not alive, Steve. You consumed the contents of the package and were turned, because you died with it in your system.', an unknown female voice tells me.

'What are you on about?, I ask.

'There's no time, fool. Get inside before you turn to dust. You know, you're lucky this is a hotel and not a private residence or you would've had to have been invited in.', she explains.