I never really understood the power the words I had meant, thinking to my self I would never speak them. I grew up in a "home" if that's what you'd want to call it, my dad was never around, and because of that, and because of the fact I existed, my mom cycled through anything that turned her reality into something more bearable, whether it was men, drugs, or a mixture of the two. When I was about 6, I never saw my mom again, and I didn't ask any questions. I was picked up by child services, and bounced around foster homes and schools until I finally graduated school and was legally able to be on my own. Because of this lifestyle, and the connections I never had, I thought that my last words would never be spoken, bittersweet as it is, I would coast through my life with unfaltering confidence, no one knew their last words, but I did, and because of that, anything was possible, it's what gave me hope. Knowing my words, and the meaning they had, it pained me that I would never utter the three words that any person wants to be able to say with complete honestly and dedication, but being in my situation, with my past, it opened more doors that it closed, or so I thought. When I was around 26, I was walking by the river, completely absorbed in my own thoughts, when I saw her it was more chilling than romantic, she had deep blue eyes with a ton of yellow on the ridges surrounding her pupils, freckles up and down her face, which was sharp in features, followed by her dirty blonde, slightly curled hair that fell about six inches from her shoulders, with skin the same color as the foam on a freshly dispensed latte. Details of that exact moment I'll never forget, not because of being star struck, or infatuated at first sight, but because that's the first time my confidence in keeping the words from leaving my lips faltered, I was afraid. As we talked by the river we instantly connected, sharing our lives, and stories without regard for anything but each other, and before I myself knew it, days turned to weeks, and weeks turned to months. A few weeks after she slyly convinced me to move in with her, I became ridiculously sick, even though I was in a fever induced haze, I can still remember the details down to the way her hair fell just left of her nose, or how the street lights reflected through our windows off of the snow falling strangely hard, with the candle light from the nightstand being the only opponent to the fuzzy darkness of the house, made dark by our power being lost, it was in that moment that I realized, after all these years, lost in loneliness, it was my time, that the reward for this single phrase was worth the dreams and aspirations I've held onto, and it was at that moment, looking into those gorgeous eyes, I uttered those words I swore I never would let go. I love you.



Hope it was decent! My first shot at a prompt, and sorry for the wall of text I'm on mobile.