George picked up his coffee and took a sip before flipping open the folder on his desk.  His in-coming appointment apparently had issues completing his assessment paperwork, so this would be a bit of a blind reading.  Not the first, some super powers manifested themselves in odd and hard to describe ways, especially difficult to document for someone who was going through it for the first time.  
  
Still, that’s what George was here for.  He was a bit of an expert in finding purpose for less obviously useful abilities.  His creative approach tended to produce decent results and was the reason why ‘Unusual Expectations’ hired him in the first place.  
   
There was a knock at the door.  His appointment was prompt, at the very least.  
  
“Come in,” George called as he set down his coffee, and gave his receding hairline a quick brush with his hand.   
  
“Ah, you must be Michael,” George stood, extending his hand.  An unsure man in a suit reached out and shook George’s hand, timidly.  
“Please, have a seat.”  
The man sat.  Nothing about his outward appearance gave George any immediate power-related impressions.  The man was plain and ordinary, young, thin and tall.  Nose on the larger side, bit of a dated hair cut perhaps.  Otherwise nothing out of the ordinary at all.  No gills, no scales, no spikes or blue skin.  The fact that he was willing to touch George’s hand at all told George that whatever abilities this young man had, it wasn’t tactile related.  
   
George sat, straightening his suit.  “Now, what seems to be the problem?”  
  
“Well,” the young man started.  “I’m not sure I can say, really.”  
“Hm, well you were sent to me because there was a…” George flipped through the mostly useless file in front of him.  “Problem?  With your abilities?”  
“Well I think so,” he replied.  George’s brow furrowed.  
“What do you mean, ‘you think so’?”   
“Well the thing is, I’m not entirely sure I *have* a power.  Or not something you’d call a power, anyway.”  
George relaxed into his chair.  Often time subtle abilities escaped the notice of the owner.  This was familiar territory.  He reached into his desk and pulled out a clipboard.  
“Right.  Let’s run through the list, shall we?”  
The man shrugged, with very little enthusiasm.   
“Have you ever flown before or found yourself otherwise floating without the aid of others or mechanical devices?”  
“No.”  
“Do you find yourself waking up in strange or foreign places?”  
“No.”  
“Do you ever get a sense of what someone else is thinking before they say it?”  
“Not… really.”  
“Not really?”  
“Just say ‘no’ for now.”  
“Hm.  Have you ever lifted or pushed something far heavier than your apparent muscle tone would allow for?”  
“No, nothing like that.  Really it’s more of an… effect.”  
“It?  I thought you didn’t think you had any powers.”  
“No well… you see it’s hard to explain.”  
George tapped his pen on his clipboard.  He studied the man carefully.  He had noticed a bit of a British accent creeping into the younger man’s voice, though perhaps it was something that was there all along.   
“Do try,” George resumed.  
“It’s best if you just see it for yourself,” he replied.  George raised his eyebrows and gestured with his hand that the fellow should proceed with his demonstration.  “Oh, not now… it takes some time to work.  You’ll just have to see for yourself… we should continue with the list for now.”  
“Very well,” George bent over the list again.  “Right.  Any telekinesis, hydrokinesis, pyrokinesis?”  
The man shook his head ‘no’.  
George took a sip from his tea before continuing.  
“Hm, Metal Bending, Water Bending, Fire bending, Earth Bending, Ear Bending or Air Bending?”   
*Ear bending?* thought George.  He rechecked his list and found that yes, ‘ear bending’ was an option.  The man shook his head ‘no’ again.  
“Right.  Laser eyes, laser hands, laser breath, or laser ear hair?”  
“Laser ear hair?”  
“Oh yes, surprisingly common,” George remarked.  He paused, his brow furrowed.  That wasn’t even remotely true.  He had never heard of anyone with laser ear hair.  
“Um, let’s see here.  Can you crawl on walls, talk to cats, talk to plants, talk to politicians?  Sorry, bit of an office joke around here, you know.”  Both men laughed, but this was also a lie.  There was no office joke to reference.  George was feeling quite unusual, but nevertheless he persisted.  
“Ability to understand languages you’ve never heard before?”  
The man shook his head again.  
“Pity, they could’ve used you in Whales.”  
 George was finding it hard to concentrate.  Euro-centric jokes were most certainly not in his repertoire and were wildly out of character for him.  
“Oh, what’s the one where someone can walk through walls and whatnot?”   The man’s accent was decidedly British now.  
“Phasing?”  
“Yes, that’s the one!”   
“Have you got a phasing ability?”  
“No, but it would be nice, wouldn’t it?”  
“Well why bring it up if you haven’t got it?”  
“I dunno.  Just thought it would be nice.”  
“Right.  Back to the list then.  ‘Phasing’…”  
“Oh, I know that one.  ‘No’, right?”  
“Of course it’s bloody ‘no’, you just answered that one!”  
“Then why’d you ask it?”  
  
GEORGE:  <sighs> Look, I’m just going through the list, and the next one happened to be ‘phasing’.  
MAN:  Right.  No to phasing then.  
GEORGE: <purses lips> Fine.  Yes.  Good.  Let’s move on, shall we?  Now where were we…  
MAN:  ‘Phasing’.  
GEORGE:  Stop bloody…!  Look, I wasn’t asking about ‘phasing’, I was finding out where I was in the list!  
MAN:  Oh, right.  Where were you?  
GEORGE: Phasing.  
MAN:  No.  
GEORGE:  …let’s carry on.  Invisibility?  
MAN:  Wot?  
GEORGE:  Have you got invisibility?  Are you invisible?  
MAN:  I don’t think so.  
GEORGE:  Well have you checked?  
MAN:  I think I would know if I were invisible.  
  
    GEORGE:  Look, the form says ‘check for invisibility’, alright?  So we’re going to check for invisibility.  
    MAN:  Right.  What do you see?  
    GEORGE: <looks> Nothing.  
    MAN:  So I’m invisible?  
    GEORGE:  Hm?  
    MAN: You said I’m invisible.   
    GEORGE: I did not.  
    MAN:  Yes you did.  
    GEORGE:  I didn’t.  
    MAN:  I said ‘what do you see’ and you said ‘nothing’.  If you see nothing, then I’m invisible!  
    <Man in lab coat and glasses enters the room>
    GEORGE:  Who’re you?  
    DR:  I am a doctor and I am here to tell you that this man has a severe case of Cleesiness.  
    GEORGE:  A severe case of what?  
    DR:  Cleesiness.  Worst I’ve ever seen.  
    MAN:  What’s that then?  
    DR:  It means that every encounter eventually turns into a Monty Python sketch.  
    GEORGE:  That’s ridiculous.  
    <Police man enters> 
    POLICE:  Now see here, stop this at once.  This has gone on entirely too long and is far too silly.  
    This bit is even using the over-done ‘police man arrests everyone for silliness’ ending!  
  
    --------------END----------------

