Jen stood at the French doors leading to the library courtyard. A small group of mostly women  were completely mesmerized by the being addressing them. "Ah, the sonnets." Jen noted silently. "His favourite." Her eyes could not possibly have rolled further back.

She snuck a seat close to the door. He suddenly paused mid sentence, turned and locked eyes with her. The past 50 years passed in an instant. "Welcome, Genevieve. Ever tardy. You're only about 20 years late this time, bravo. Is there anything you would like to add to our discussion?" The group laughed at his apparent exaggeration. Jen smirked, rested her hands on the palms of her hands and feigned: "Oh no, Sir. I'm happy to just sit here and be enthralled!" she contemplated fluttering her eyelashes but time travel always made her contact lenses feel dry and gritty. It was a standing joke at the office. Brave enough to time travel but too much of a pansy to ger her eyes lasered.

The group eventually dissipated after many, many requests for private, erm, discussions. She couldn't blame them. He was phenomenally charismatic and his inky black hair and beard were matched by his ethereally black eyes.

If only they knew what an annoying piece of - work - he could be.

"As full of crap as ever I see."
"I've had a little practice. To what do I owe the pleasure, Genevieve? You've never been a fan of the sonnets." He smirked a very handsome smirk and noticed her noticing.
"How may I fulfill your need?" He was standing very, very close.
"You know I'm not one of your ingenues, right? I know all about this game you play. I'm not giving you any of my life force."
He used his finger to move a brown curl from her face.
"But I could make it..." he whispered into her ear, " So. Worth. Your. While."
If she didn't know that his immortality was fueled by the life-force he stole from starry eyed young lovers... 
She felt herself being drawn in and took a step back.
"I need to get in to a dinner party, James."
"I love dinner parties. Let's go and buy a dress. I think some gold silk swirling over your  beautiful brown skin would do nicely."
"Just get me in. Okay? And close enough to the the Chinese diplomat so that I don't have to depend on lip reading alone."
"As always, Genevieve, I am at your service." He mock bowed with a flourish. She never did understand why he decided to work with the department or how he managed to learn about her. Or even why he refused to work with anyone else. She imagined Geoffrey from Operations wearing the gold silk dress and half smiled. 
"The party starts at 6pm. I'll meet you here at 5:30."
"I was very serious about your dress, Genevieve. You need a dress befitting the occasion. Let's go. Now."

The fitting room was at least twice the size of her entire apartment. Space and scale were hard for her wrap her around initially. In the 30th century, Earth was a very crowded place. Most people didn't own homes. They carried all their belongings on their backs and rented a bunk when they needed sleep. 

Three sides of the fitting room were covered in mirrors. As always, it made her keenly aware of the scars and bruises expertly hidden by her clothes. She pulled the silk dress over her head and it fell to the floor with barely a whisper. She put on her shoes and walked out of the larger than the future fitting room.

If James had even noticed the dress she had no idea. His eyes never left her face. "Good. Let's go."
True to his word, they were sat at the same table as the diplomat and Jen was able to glean every bit of information she needed with relative ease. Politicians loved James only slightly less than they loved his seemingly unlimited funds.
As they walked out the front door to the car, she awaited his request. It was standard operating procedure, that he would ask a favour of her after she had asked one of him.
"And?" She said after a quiet few minutes in the car. He smiled at her. "What is the favour you need?"
"Tell me, Genevieve, about the scars you hide."
"That's isn't a favour."
"No. It isn't." He looked so sincere. She knew it was all a game to him. Mortals were a fuel and a game but she wanted to believe him. So desperately. She thought about tomorrow night and the night after that and the night after that when she would be alone again. An agent code and a report on a desk after an assignment were the sum of her impact on the world.

But James. James saw her. He noticed when things changed. He paid attention to the things that mattered to her.

He didn't move closer to her but he turned to face her and pleaded with his eyes.

"I." She couldn't believe that she was about to make the words. To finally say the things that didn't belong in a report.
"The future is a different place, James. It's not like here with neighbours and libraries and people talking and listening all the time."
"So tell me. Tell me how it has hurt you."
She wanted to cry. She suddenly felt exposed and vulnerable but she wanted to tell him. To tell someone.

"I am. Alone. All of the time. I work alone. I live alone and sometimes I-" she looked at him. Wondering if the courage to say the words would fail her now.
"Yes?"
"Sometimes I cut or pinch myself just to. Feel. Something other than loneliness." The tears burst out of her. She tried to hold them back but she felt so humiliated.
He put his arm around her, drew her head into his neck and held her while she cried.
"Don't go back, Genevieve. You don't have to stay with me but don't go back to a place that reduces beauty to humiliation."
His heart beat a steady rhythm under her hand. His soft beard against her face was intoxicating. She lifted her head and kissed him.

She felt like she had just taken a hit of a hard, controlled substance. Her head realed, sounds seemed sharper, colours brighter, every nerve ending sang with unparallelled invigoration.
He pushed her away firmly. "No. Not you."
She was stunned. "But you've always tried to-"
"I could take this from you, Genevieve and it would give me 5 more years, maybe 10 but I would lose you 10 years earlier. Do you understand?" She nodded. "I didn't want to work with your department until I met you. I have never met someone so truly innocent. Your every expression plays out on your face. I could never hurt you."

The car pulled up to the library. "I could happily live for eternity knowing that there was a slight chance that I would see you again. No one knows the pain of loneliness like I do. Every being I have ever loved has died. To you,  I may be the creature you work with occasionally but I have loved you for a 100 years." she felt her tears well up again." So when you feel alone in your time, remember this wretched creature who will love you for eternity and who is grateful for just one night with you every few decades."
