There he was. The devil sat there by himself, legs dangling off of a ledge. He  grasped a harmonica in his hands and between his lips, out of which came music that was not as sad as one might expect in such a situation. Rather, it was an utterly beautiful, complex piece that moved me to sadness because it had no audience to hear it other than me alone. 

I sat silently and listened through the song in its entirety, completely enchanted by it. When he finished, the man before me lowered the instrument down into his lap and opened his eyes. He scanned my entire being up and down. His pale skin creased and shimmered as a gentle smirk folded from his mouth.
I clapped. I couldn't help myself as it was the most beautiful music I had ever heard, but I also couldn't help myself but feel disturbed in who I just clapped for.

"Thank you."

"No, no," I choked. "Thank you."

"What are you doing here?"

"I, well, I'm dead I suppose."

"Everyone else left."

"I had heard of that."

"Why are you still here?" 

His eyes pierced my mind deeper than his question. He had the look of a family member, genuinely concerned about my wellbeing.

"Why are you still here?" I asked him.
He didn't express it anywhere but a shift in his feet, but I took him by surprise.

"If everyone can leave, then you can too can you not? Why would you not go to heaven?"

"Have you ever thought about who the devil is?" he asked me.

"Well - he is sneaky and a liar."

"A deceiver, yes."

"And beastial, I think. Though you don't look..."

"I don't?" he raised his eyebrows intrigued. "Tell that to everyone that left."

"So just a deceiver then. A fallen angel," I finalized my answer.

"Why would a deceiver allow any of his captives to leave?"

"I, well, I suppose he wouldn't be a very good deceiver if he couldn't keep prisoners," I pondered.

He stared at me with those sharp eyes of his, piercing straight to the back of my head. It seemed as if a thousand years raced by as we looked at each other.

"My god-"

"Nice to meet you."