"I know you don't like injections but this will only take a moment," Doctor Sloan murmured, his tongue wedged between his teeth in concentration. He picked up a needle full of a clear liquid "It's just a quick insertion into your antecubital -- you won't feel a thing." He squeezed the top of the syringe gently, letting out a tiny hiss of air along with a small ejaculation of the clear substance within.

I rolled up my sleeve and closed my eyes as Doctor Sloan moved over to me. I could somehow sense the syringe approach my skin and I shivered. Little bumps raised on my skin--goosebumps, my mom used to call them. She said it was a sign of someone walking over your grave.

The syringe touched my skin but I didn't feel it pierce me, and I certainly didn't feel it insert its ejaculate into my bloodstream. The doctor had been right, it had been painless. Then I heard a tiny *chink* as something small must have fallen onto the floor.

"Thank you doctor." I said, opening my eyes to examine my arm for the inevitable wound and its accompanying trickle of blood. Only, there was no wound, no redness. The doctor's eyes were open wide in a look of surprise, or perhaps of panic.

"Doctor? Is everything O-" my voice trailed off as I saw the broken syringe that sat between his fingers. "Doctor?" He remained still.

"Doctor... what exactly was in that syringe?" I asked as panic and anger washed over me in gigantic waves.

"Try and remain calm Patrick, it was an accident. Something unwanted must have gotten into the syringe." His face was red and sweat leaked from his pores. He was lying.

"You tried to kill me? You **must** have had the intention to, or it *would* have killed me."

"Patrick, please. Try and remain calm, I can explain. I had no idea if it, what it would-"

"But you must have suspected! You must have had intent! You tried to *kill me*!" I shouted again, now fully enraged.

With that three flashes of brilliant white light blinked inside the room. Light that represented an agreement between two consenting adults for a ten minute period of PvP. Light that hadn't been seen for years. 

I quickly jumped off my seat. I grabbed the stethoscope that sat around the fat doctors neck. "You tried to *kill me*." I repeated stupidly as I pulled the stethoscope tightly around his throat. It would be the first murder in three years, but there would be no punishment for it. PvP was legal.

He gurgled as I lifted him off the ground. Spittle ran down from his mouh and tears flood his bloodshot eyes. For a brief moment I thought I could see a strange faint smile cross the doctors lips, before he finally stopped breathing. 

As the doctor fell to the floor, the lights flashed three times.

---

Plenty more WP responses on /r/nickofnight  

Edit: I'm not changing ejaculate

