As a swordsman that travel the thrice over long into old age, death was a welcoming sight. His body, now just a shadow of it former glory lays helpless in as he watches the black specter slink into his room.

"I couldn't help but notice the wonderful collection of bladed weapons downstairs, as an individual that has well an affinity for blade just had to take my time to stroll around." Death said as he rummages through a book, pulled from the depths of his robes. 

The old man at first was ready to go, prepared to face his sins. Training alone does not make one a master of swords. It takes experience, and to get that experience he battle. Through these battles he leff mounds of bodies in his to greatness some even former master that raised him that did not deserve their ends. He knew this is his judgement and was prepared to face whatever death has in stored for him. However, what death said next caught him off guard...

" It says in here you are a true blade master, every worldly style for every weapons conceive up to now. Wow the amount of life you have taken is astounding, so much for only 90 years, impressive." Death stops talking just hums a soft tune, a tune the old man recognizes as one a former master would hum when they practice swings. " Let's have some fun"

Inside the old man a strange feeling began to stir, feelings that haven't been felt in years. A fire burning deep inside beckoning him to stand up, to face one last challenge. 

Death looks on knowing the effects of his words, pulls out the old man's first sword from it's robes and slowly strolls out the room. The old man not knowing where the strength is coming from rises from bed follows. 

"One last fight swordsman" states death " how long can you last, just a touch of my scythe will end you and drag you to your punishment, but here your chance to live one more time though if your skills are only for show then this will be pointless so please humor me" 

The old man looks around the big open room they enter, not remembering anything of it's size ever being in his small home, but can see all his weapons all about in the ground hilt ready to be used. He then looks to death and see his first sword, a simple long sword, waiting for him. It then dawns on him what his punishment is.....



Death instantly was upon him, eyes glowing as the old man struggle to dodge. Scythe comes downs ready to end it....
CLANG
The sound  of metal hitting metal  echoes in the large room. The old was able to dive to his first sword and parries death scythe.

Deaths teeth starts chattering, the old man can only assume it was excited. The old man rises back to his feet  gets into the very first stance he learned with his very first blade he used, unsure what would happen if he somehow win this challenge and charges forward.








Been reading these prompt for a long time now and always wanted to try my hand at one so hope is acceptable. I know my writing is bad, grammar was never sometime I could do well 

 