Finally, the time has come.

"Everyone, welcome to the 10th Batyle Royale. This one a special edition since it's our tenth time and like 10 billion of you. Anyway, good luck and try not to die.", I said in the most luxurious microphone that can broadcast in every language possible.

As I finished speaking, I already saw people died and they aren't even at the arena planet. My god, so excited.

- - -

With all the committee in the meeting room, we discuss how they can get some beef wellington in the Iron District of Mars, the arena planet.

"Well, they could just trade their elderly and get 2.", Judy suggested.

Judy and her terrible ideas, I hate her.

"Well, at least we have 6 more months to discuss this. Let's just hope people stop killing themselves on those ships.", Andrei pointed out, while we here gunshots at ship 59.

"Let's get going and hurry up then, shall we?", our leader commanded.

- - -

Let me tell you, this generation is more gruesome than the rest. And they even almost got to space colonization, they are just some decades away from that. 

Well, I can consider the increase of popularity of this stuff in their games and literature.

As I gazed the newly bombed Yttrium Plains, I see a man just crawling away from the blast. Poor soul, a slow death. Must be hard. But what am I gonna know?

I checked the statistics board. 7 billion. I tapped the microphone and announced their numbers. As I end my announcement with a reminder that a bullet to the brain is better than to the heart, I sit back and watch the newly formed fight at Boron Heights.

- - -

Wow, this was quicker than the ither battle royales. As we end the third week, just a 500 million remain, I start my weekly recap, showing the most awesome and bizzare killings happened. We even started to have a blood storm, starting at Platinum Heights. Poor fellas, with blood that hot and acidic, no one can survive that storm that just screams death. Our leader is getting bored as the remaining survivors plot to infiltrate our base of operations. Good luck with that though.

- - -

Well, that was a bit anti-climactic. The last two survivors just commit suicide by eating that poisonous potato they found at Helium Ocean. Our leader stands up in his chair and started speaking.

"Boring. Ok. Great job team for once again completing another successful Battle Royale. Not that one time that one guy gets the weapon that is needed to win it. I'm looking at you, Karen!", he stares at thr woman sipping her coffee like it's just didn't came up the coffee machine just a second ago, which it did came out a second ago, "I saw that we improved at the bidy disposal department. And  lets try to make it the games more dramatic next time, maybe display how they connect to the Great Family Tree? I don't know. But I do know that we will keep the weekly recap. Nice one suggesting that Michael.", he raises a thumbs up to me.

"Ok, let's do it again!"

As we return to Earth, reset all it's progress except some awesome structures, like the Stonehenge, we drop off the two humans selected to start breeding the 11th Battle Royale.

Don't dissapoint us. We're waiting.