I broke down crying as I set foot in my new "home", dropping my luggage besides me.
The loud thump echoed throughout the house as dust whirled up, leaving me coughing.

"What a shit hole...", I sighed.
After a few months of working my ass off at McDonalds, I could finally afford to move out of my father's place - he didn't want me around anymore, so I had to get a place of my own.
My own 1-bedroom dumpster in the middle of fucking nowhere.
The plumbing wasn't finished yet, water seeped through the cracks in the walls and ceiling, the windows needed repairing and to top it all off, the previous owner went insane because he thought the place was haunted.

Initially, I didn't believe in any sort of paranormal activity, because I figured that if there was a God, he wouldn'tve shat on me like this.

But one night, as I laid down on my mattress to get some sleep, I heard voices whispering to me.
"You're a loser, John. You're pathetic.", the voices said.
"I am very much aware of that.", I replied. "No need to remind me."
Great, either I'm a schizophrenic now or the place really is haunted.
Believing the whispers to be just a figment of my imagination, I turned around to lay on my other side.

What appeared to be a golden sprite, about the size of the palm of my hand, darted erratically in front of me.
I flinched for a second, unsure of what it was that I was seeing, but then somehow the mouthless creature spoke to me in a high-pitched voice.
"This place deserves to be so much more lavish, John. Golden chandeliers, women, dining tables filled to the brim with the finest foods!", the creature exclaimed gleefully.
"Tell me about it..", I responded.
"And it can be, John. It can be. If you accept our help.", the creature whispered ominously.
"Our help? Who is we? Who are YOU?", I said as my curiosity got the best of me.
"My name? Well, they call me Greed. As for who we are...", the creature spoke as he shook around the room even faster.
Several more sprites seemed to fade into existence, all in a different color.
"They call us.. Sin." 

---------------------
I hope you guys enjoyed my second writing prompt, I might write some more parts if enough people like it.