Somewhere above the Pacific Ocean
“Stay calm, stay calm, stay calm. It’s all a dream nothing more. Don’t open your eyes. Happy thoughts, happy thoughts. Ohh god please forgive me for all my sins, I know I was never religious, but please forgive me, please look after Jon and Noah, please look after jasmine. I spent some good times, but I guess this is the ... “ 

The screams stopped, the cries calmed down. Everything seemed to go silent. Mark thought this was it. He had already died along with the hundred other with him on the ship, but then he opened his eyes. What he found was beyond horrific. Death was everywhere around him, but it didn’t touch him, and for that he was grateful. 

“Maybe god did listen to my prayers after all” 

The first thing he thought of doing was to call out, see if anyone else was still alive.

“ANYONE THEEEREEEE?” 

No answer. “Damn I got lucky”, he got up, checked to see for any injuries, “nothing major”. He found the exit and went out. “Now where the hell are we?” He knew they were somewhere in the pacific as he had been following he flight on his screen, but beyond that he had no idea. 

“Should’ve eaten before the flight like you told me, jasmine” 

You might be thinking “how the hell is this it so calm? This isn’t realistic, it’s like an amateur is writing this on reddit or something.” Well first of all: yes you dumb shit, you should probably just wipe and leave, you got work to do. And second of all: let me give you guys a little backstory. Two years ago, mark was in Afghanistan serving for the navy seals. This isn’t really his first plane crash either. Let’s just say he’s been through a lot, but ohh boy is he going through a shit ton more. 

I won’t bother you with the small details, but fast forward a day later and mark is here at a campfire eating some crispy wild hog and thinking to himself “how the hell am I gonna get out of here?” 

He hears a rustle in the branches. “What was that?” He takes his wooden machete and walks over to the branches carefully, waits a few seconds, and he sees a human leg in there. “Anyone there?” He says. “Mark?” The bush responds. “Harry? What he he’ll are you doing here?” Harry comes out of the bush and they both hug each other. “Been a good couple of years, man. Well you know a plane crashes, you end up on a deserted island, the usual stuff” they both laugh and sit at the campfire to catch up like they just met at a mall. 

“Forgot to tell you, our hole platoon had crashed here ... on separate planes” 
“What? You don’t think someone’s on to us do you?”
“Seems like it” 
“Well how are we gonna get out of this thi...”
They both hear a drone landing near them with a small paper attached to it, mark grabs it and starts to read “gentlemen, welcome. You have all been selected for a mission however before I tell you what it is, you must all pass the test at hand. All 9 of you must find a way to escape the island you are on and go back to mainland. A messenger will be waiting for you there and will escort you to our headquarters. I wish you luck gentlemen and remember, you are America’s finest” 
“Well then gotta go tell the rest of the guys” 

30 mins later: 
“Well guys look who I’ve found” 
“Captain, thought you would crash the party?” 
“Greg the party just started, we have a mission to get to, but first we need to find a way out of this place, you guys have been here longer than me, so any ideas?” 
“Well the water is shark infested and there’s no land anywhere near, so that’s out the way” 
“Not really, we could use the engine blades from the planes to build a boat” 
“I like the sound of that, so let’s split up, Gregg, Monroe, Walkings, and Harry you go get the engine blades and any other parts from the plane. Matt you’re the smart one around here, you’ll draw the plans for the boat. Foster I need you to get us enough water for a week long trip at least. The rest of us will hunt for food for the trip. 

The men all went their separate ways, none of them being phased by the challenge, they’ve faced way worse. 

A week later and they had an almost functioning boat, supplies, and nine tires bodies. They started their trip, not knowing where they were heading, only having the stars for direction. 

Another week later and the boat arrived on the docks of Seattle. They got down and waited for this messenger to come. 

Approaching them was a blonde, young women, wearing a black suit and sunglasses that covered her beautiful face. She went up to mark. “Captain mark, you’re late. The organization has been waiting for you. Now come with me”

They went with her towards a minivan 
Mark went inside to find a man sitting with a glass of champagne in his hand. 
“Captain mark, what took you so long? Oh who cares the important thing is that you’re here. Your mission is as follows: three weeks ago a Russian scientist was found dead in his apartment, he had found a way to purify the atmosphere of any planet to fit human needs. The Russians believe it was us who did it. you’re mission is to postpone world war 3 until we are able to deploy this technology and inhabit mars.” 


P.S 
I was thinking of deleting this because I don’t really like it, but decided to post it anyways. So here you go 
