Krelhm loads up the bright page. The word that appears on screen looks alien with its different colours for each symbol. Yet there is a feature similar to her own race - a seeker. 

Undecided with what to seek out first in this ancient civilisations world, Krelhm takes a moment to think carefully what button she should press first on her buttonblock. She decides to stick with Falaganon Order and presses the 'P' button.  A list of ancient texts appear on the screen. Krelhm is perplexed.

Sticking with her methods, she selects the first phrase at the top of the list. A new page loads with endless pages of links. The links are all different with the ancient phrase appearing in each amongst many other phrases and texts. She feels a rush of excitement. 

Krelhm clicks on the first link and after the page loads she discovers an image with a lop-sided mountain symbol at its centre. She clicks on it and a sequence of images, identical to her race's flickers, flicker before her very eyes. 

She witnesses naked creatures doing unusual disturbing acts. She pauses the sequence. Not wanting to watch anymore she sets to work on decoding the ancient texts. 

Much time has passed and with the help of her assistants she has finally managed to learn much of the English language.

She now stands before her peers to present what she has learnt so far. They sit on rocks eagerly anticipating the grand revelation. 

Returning to the page with the flicker, she plays it for them. Everyone reacts similarly to how she first did. 

She explains to them what it is that they're seeing. 

Translated to English:

'The video you are watching is one of hundred on this ancient version of the Internet. It was a period in history before mankind, as they called themselves collectively, wiped each other out. This P word reads as Peace. These naked people called themselves hippies, one with nature, one with the Earth. It seemed that this civilisation was very similar to us in so many ways. A culture equally divided on diverse matters. Unfortunately their system, their way of life, ended in nuclear fallout. It may take us decades but with this discovery, we can learn from this species and avoid ending up like them.'