Algeir, the High Magister of Theocrux, looked over a piece of paper. It only read: The past isn't gone. It was the final warning of the great ancient wizard Versantix who was also known as the Merciful Saint. He had slipped into a coma less than two weeks ago causing the world to scramble to find sorcerers to replace his spells. Before then he had shown no signs of weakness. 

Algeir had spent much of the past two weeks planning out what spells could allowed to fade and which spells by unknown casters needed to be watched just in case. He had finally gotten enough time to contemplate the final warning, but couldn't make heads nor tails of it. He assumed it was related to a seal of some sort. The Seven Ancient Seals which sealed away the horrors of the ancient world were his first thought and with the rest of the world sent mages to watch them. A failure of one of those seals could mean the end of the modern world. 

Algeir couldn't shake the feeling it wasn't the simple though. Watching the Ancient Seals was standard procedure for when an ancient wizard died. No one had ever claimed one of the seals and no one was willing to risk not watching them. So why would Versantix feel the need to warn them about it? Unless he felt they'd need more mages than even what the world normally brought. 

Unable to convince himself of the warning's meaning he decided to visit the dying Saint. With a short chant he appeared before the grand cathedral that Versantix made his residence. Algeir was quickly brought to the back room where a nurse was watching over Versantix. Usually the room would have been crowded with acolytes wanting to watch over him, but the nurse had told them he needed quiet. Algeir pulled a chair up next to Versantix's bed. 

"How is he?" Algeir asked out of politeness already knowing the answer.

"Not well. I don't know how much longer I can keep his heart beating. It's amazing he's lasted this long. It's almost like his body forced itself into hibernation." 

"Every day is a blessing. I don't want to imagine what would have happened had such a great man just dropped dead. All the seals he placed during the Third Incursion will take almost half this country's mages to maintain. Belphagor's seal will take twenty mages on its own. And that's just the event that brought him to prominence. I can hardly begin to imagine all that he has done over past hundreds, if not thousands of years. How many little miracles will be lost with his passing?"

A somber silence overtook the room when Algeir finished speaking. 

"When a man dies, his work is undone. Can we really afford to lose everything you've done, Versantix?" 

As his said his final words and prepared to leave the nurse began to panic. 

"His heart rate is dropping fast." She shouted as she began to chant.

As she did everything she could to keep Versantix alive his eyes slowly opened. 

"Algeir?" He said gasping for air. "To think... you'd be the last... person I see." 

"So it's finally time. You're hibernation no longer serves any purpose." Algeir was surprised to see him awake, but understood what it meant. 

"I... will... die... soon." He sounded apologetic.

"The two weeks you've given me were enough." It was a lie, but it Algeir didn't want to hurt the old man's heart in his last moments.

"Phantom took ... energy to live." Versantix eked out.

Another of Algeir's assumption was confirmed, but not in a way he understood. Someone, something had caused this to happen. 

"Final... Warning..." Versantix had reached the point he was gasping more than speaking. "I'm ... sorry. I... couldn't ....... forever......." Words were being lost in the gasps. "I......... mercy....... not........ kill......." 

With a final gasp his breathing stopped. The nurse ended her chant and began to sob. As she did the whole building began to rumble. 

"Idiots, all of us." Algeir shouted realizing what was happening. 

The cathedral was built with Versantix's magic and it would fade like all his other magic. Algeir could teleport out, but that would leave everyone else to die. So instead he began to chant trying to replace as much of Versantix's magic as he could. He couldn't even afford to tell the nurse to run. The nurse understood what was going on and grabbed Versantix's body before running out the door shouting for everyone to run. Algeir lasted about three minutes before he was too exhausted to continue. With a last surge of energy he teleported himself outside and let the building collapse. 

As he recovered from the ordeal a voice entered his head. It was one of his subordinate who'd he'd sent to watch the Ancient Seals. He was using long-distance communication magic. 

"Report: Fourth Seal is fading. Immidiate support requested." 

Algeir couldn't even muster a response. So their initial fears seemed to have been correct. He was one of the seven ancients. 

"Report: The other seals seem to reacting as well. Immediate support required. Please respond, High Magister." 

With that the situation was officially out of hand. Could all seven seals truly have been done by one mage? A world ending calamity would be an understatement if that was true. Unfortunately there was nothing he could do in his condition other than pray. Forcing himself onto his feet Algeir noticed a seal array where the cathedral door once stood. It was slowly fading away. If Algeir was at full strength he'd have tried to maintain the seal, but in his condition he'd only burn himself out. The acolytes who'd escaped the cathedral were all too busy mourning to maintain the seal either. 

As the seal faded Algeir could feel the air change. Thousands of spells, both major and minor, were flickering out of existence at that very moment. The world trembled as the Ancient Seals reacted to the Saint's passage. 

"Situation stable. Other seals reacted to reinforce the fourth. Danger is no longer imminent. Please respond, High Magister." 

Watching the seal vanish Algeir had no time to respond. A man had appeared where the seal once was. He was dressed like a mage and Algeir could feel a powerful magic aura from him. 

"That old bastard finally died." The man seemed immediately aware of what had happened and showed no signs of disorientation from his sealing. 

"Tell everyone that Leovard, Scourge of Nasalth, has returned." He shouted before starting a chant. 

Algeir recognized it as a teleportation chant, but couldn't interfere. Within seconds he'd vanished. The acolytes could hardly processed what had happened. More voices suddenly began to echo in Algeir's head. 

"Kathard of the Red Sky has been sighted in Nalsath." "Frond Escatan has appeared by Hawk Mountain." "Harris, the Mage-killer, has been sighted in Malthor." The reports continued to come in, name after name. 

Shutting all the voices out for a moment Algeir finally understood what the warning meant: "The past will return." and "I was too merciful, could not kill." Not once had the Saint killed someone. He only used seals. Millennia worth of evil mages had just been released. Some of them might even be ancient mages. The past evils Saint had defeated had returned at his death. Exhausted, Algeir to do little more than inform everyone about what had happened and prepared himself for the storm that was sure to come. 