I woke up and stared at ceiling. The latest layer of plaster was beginning to chip and the crack that I'd patched over hundreds, maybe thousands of times, was starting to show again. I sat up and looked at the clock, knowing the time before I'd mentally processed what it said. Yes, 5:43, just like every other morning. Routine and habit take on an entirely new meaning over the course of centuries. I sighed and stretched, rubbing life into my very old, very achy limbs.

It was well past 7 by the time I was gently placing my worn hat onto my silver mess of hair and pulling the outdated tweed onto my shoulders. I may have gotten up at the same time every morning, but it was certainly taking me longer to get going. I shuffled past all the envelopes that seemed to endlessly flow through my mail slot. I noticed the same labs and schools addressed in some of the corners, looking to study what my future may hold or what my past once had. Relatives no longer bothered with handwritten notes and I saw the fringes of the inky square that had stamped my name on the dozen or so letters from every generation. I had stopped bothering to open them ages ago. They all said the same thing: it's time for you to die, old man. It's time for both of you to die.

Normally I rode the bus the few blocks to St. Anthony's, but today was exceptionally warm and my body felt unusually refreshed. I left my jacket hanging on the banister that led up to my flat and started down the sidewalk at a leisurely pace. I let my feet take me, long familiar with the route, and enjoyed the day instead, ignoring the stares that inevitably followed. I was the only one approaching double-double digits in the city, possibly the country, and it wasn't a title either was hoping to hold. It wasn't a title I wanted to hold. But dying was a choice, and I'd decided long long ago to choose not to. Something had to give, I knew that as much as the next person, but that something wasn't going to me. Not as long as there was beat in my heart. Or a beat in hers.

I ambled into the lobby and waved to the orderlies, guiding myself down the halls on autopilot. When I was outside her room I slowed, and finally stopped, just outside the door. I closed my eyes, hung my head, and let my lips silently form a prayer I no longer remembered, then turned into her room.

She was striking, as always, glowing from the morning sun that streamed through the open window beside her bed. She had already been washed and I noticed that liquid feeder had already been emptied. I hadn't missed breakfast in a while, but I could stay through lunch today to make up for it. I sat beside her bed, placed my hat on the table beside the worn book, it's pages all but turned to dust, and slipped my hand into hers.

I brushed the hair from her features, fluffed her pillow, and pulled the book into my lap, carefully flipping to any one of the dog-eared pages, and began to read. The doctors had told me years before that it could, maybe, possibly help with brain function, but the more recent generation of medical misfits had urged me to give up. They promised that nothing more could come of this, that I was holding onto less than hope. 

But I'd already made another promise, regardless of hope or science. I'd promised that I wouldn't decide until she was able to make the same decision for herself, the same right the rest of us had. 

Of course, the decision wasn't what people were expecting, because as soon as she woke up, as soon as I heard her voice again, I knew that I would decide to live. What most people didn't realize was that, until that day, I was already dead.