I regretfully open the golden doors in front of me. Flashing lights, attractive women, and the familiar smell of cigarettes greet me as I approach the table. Why am I even here again?

Staring blankly at my wallet, I reach for my last $100 bill when the dealer interrupts me. "Welcome to the final table, we've been expecting you. Don't worry about your stake. The house has you covered for the evening."

That sardonic voice... it can't be. I nervously look up from my wallet to see a smug grin and those intense black eyes staring into my soul. "It's all yours to play with, $300K in chips for blackjack. Only one condition. You can't leave the table until I say so."

Is that really me? The delusions and hallucinations over the years make me contemplate reality often. I abruptly turn to leave the table, yet I can't move from my red velvet seat. "Hahaha bitch please, you must have a mental disease. You can't run away from your problems this time."

"Wh- what the hell? Why are you doing this?" The background music becomes audible. Yonkers by Tyler the Creator on repeat. The song I tried to kill myself to.

"Shut the fuck up pussy. Do I look like your therapist? I don't give a damn what you think, this is personal. This is all about me." The dealer starts shuffling the cards maniacally. "You need anything before we start? Cigarettes, drinks? Your prescribed dose of lithium you always refuse to take?"

"N- no. I'm trying to quit smoking and drinking."

"Yikes. When did you turn so soft? Remember back in college? Crushing kegs, slinging ounces. All while maintaining your 3.6 GPA in the ivy league. I'm surprised you didn't blow your brains out like your friend did. Place your bet, toots."

Playing chips materialize on the table in front of me. I reach out to touch the chips but only manage to grab a handful of sprinkles. "You can't gamble with sprinkles idiot. I thought you were supposed to be intelligent. I control your bets at this table. No counting cards this time."

The dealer places a single $25 chip on the betting circle for me. "How am I supposed to play with $300,000 betting only $25 at a time?"

"Oh you think it's your money? This is all the money your unemployed ass has squandered over the years. Your college tuition, treatment costs, drug money... I've been collecting it all for myself. I just want to watch you waste it all again."

Fighting back tears, I signal to the dealer to begin. Six, Five. The dealer's up card shows another Six. "Double down." I glance at my watch, but can't tell the time.

"You should have treasured your time when you were alive. Welcome to hell. Two downs don't let you go up."