"AY CARUMBA!" I exclaimed to myself.  I don't know Spanish, I'm sorry, Espanol.  I needed to take Spanish 2 because I decided to get a Bachelor of Arts and not a Bachelor of Science.  Thanks, FSU.  Now I'm going to die because my professor caught me with his daughter last week.  Sure thing.  I understand.  If I have any hope in passing this class I will join you and your brothers in El Paso this weekend.  Great.  

Doesn't matter.  Now I'm in God damn (dios mio?) Mejico and I don't even know which way is norte.  "Psst, camarera.  Una limonada por favor!"  Why do I only remember my first Spanish lesson and nothing after that? 

I'm hungover as fuck.  ....Yeah, that's tequila.  I'm pretty sure I don't remember anything after about 8:30 p.m.  Time to get walking.  I need to find the Rio Grande because I'm thirsty and need to not die.  

I dust myself off, check my private parts (you never know), and walk this dirt path.  My only company as I trudge along is this "fuck you note" telling me that this is my final exam.  And what the hell am I supposed to do with 1000 pesos?  Buy a paper clip?  

Twenty minutes into it I hear a car coming up behind me.  "Oh, thank you heyzeus crisco!"  I move into the middle of the road and flag down this lovely little Mexican family.  "Hola, soy Americano. Yo necesito ear a la America.  Este para tu y tu y tu."  I hand over the pesos.  "Por favor con migo a la America en tu truck?"  I point to the truck.  

The nice older man driving the truck says, "OK" and gestures to the back.  "Gracias," I replied in a heap of relief.  

In the back of the truck is a stocky Mexican male about my age and a young girl that looks to be his daughter.  They move aside to make room for my dumb ass.  "Estoy Americano.  Como estas?"

"Bien," he replies.  The little girl stares at me from my periphery.  

I turned to the little girl.  "Hola chica.  Cuantos anos tiene?"

I remember seeing a shift in his posture and then felt his fist deftly clear the side of my face.  It was a clean blindside.  I'm half unconscious, maybe going into shock.  And I can't really move anything.  He taps on the window.  The truck stops and I find myself back on the ground.  

"What the fuck was that about?"

I wake up in who knows how many minutes later and slowly regain my faculties.  Oh, good.  I pissed myself in my unconsciousness.  This is fine.  At least I didn't get run over.  At least there's that.  

I walk for what seems like hours but check my watch and it's only been 50 minutes.  "1:20 p.m. April 27th, 1996" it taunts me.  [took care of that cell phone plot hole problem] 

I might actually die out here.  I'm legitimately dehydrated by this point and coming into some actual danger.  I start to slow down in the mid day's heat when a car comes up from behind again.  I get to the side of the road and flail my hands in my best sad lost white boy pity dance and it stops.  The car stops.  

I run to the side [I have so much work to do on my work laptop, why the fuck am I writing this story?] of the car and he rolls down the window.  It's a white guy!  "Hey, hey, Dios Mio!  I need (panting) to get home!" I manage to stammer.  "Well, it's not too far away now.  Go ahead and get in the back."  He says to much of my delight.  With my skin now burnt and dirt all over my face he takes pity on me.  

"Thank you!" I exclaim and I quickly pass out in the backseat of some dude's Honda Civic.  I wake up maybe an hour later.  "We're here!  Where do you need to go exactly?"  

"WELCOME TO MEXICO"  The fucking sign reads.  
