"And tomorrow, the fortress will FALL!" Commander Drax shouted, stabbing his dagger into the map, directly into "Enemy HQ".

A yell went up from the room.

"Damnit Greg!"

Drax picked up his dagger. He put it away while not quite looking at the source of the noise. "What?"

"We've TALKED about this!" The second in command, Shatterblade, sighed in frustration. He was holding one of his hands on top of his head.

Drax placed his own hand on his head to match. "Well this was the fortress! The big one! I just thought I should drive the point home." Drax gestured to the war plan in front of the group, casually avoiding the models that had been knocked over by the dagger's impact.

The men and women around the table grumbled, hands on their heads as well. Shatterblade pushed out his free hand to silence it.

"Look, we can all appreciate a good dramatic gesture. And absolutely, love that you're getting into character. Right guys?"

A murmer of reluctant agreement came from the group.

"But seriously, we keep needing to throw away the maps! You can't fix the paper like that! And Annie put a lot of work into that, designing and copying and printing it off at Kinko's." Shatterblade gestured to SilverSword, a small woman wearing bloodstained plate armour and fierce red facepaint. She looked like she was trying not to cry, and hiding her face slightly behind a shield.

"And we all appreciate it, don't we?" Shatterblade gestured around the room.

"Oh yah, thanks Annie!" one man said. There was a chorus of agreement. "That one turned out real good!"

Commander Drax muttered an agreement. "Yah, I guess... But it's the last game of the season, and I figured it would be exciting."

"I get that. But we can re-use the maps next year! And look at the models. Jeremy worked hard painting those and now the spear on that one's broken!"

The Commander looked away sheepishly. "Alright, I'll be more careful then. Sorry."

"Alright then, that's all we're asking." Shatterblade responded, removing his hand from his head. "Now let's go take their fortress!"

The warriors let loose their battlecry together. Commander Drax yeleed "TO BATTLE!" as he swept the table clean, knocking the models to the floor.

Shatterblade looked at the pile on the floor as the yelling stopped. "Oh for FUCK'S sake, Greg!"

---

Read more at /r/CriticalHitWrites