It wasn’t my fault that she was dead. We were simply playing a game. A stupid, stupid game. Now my best friend is dead. I won’t say that it should’ve been me, but it certainly could’ve been me. Bet the cops will be here soon. Just as well. Not sure I really want to go on living anymore. Too bad I feel like I’m going to stay on this planet until it dies with Sol. 

Enough of the internal monologue, I need to get out of here before the cops take me out. They know why I’m here. There’s only one reason anyone ever comes to these walled off reserves. Vast concrete pits filled with decaying and rotting food. If you dig a while, you can find some preserved stuff that doesn’t succumb to the pressures of time. Fuckin’ chemicals were the best. Now if I try to ingest anything, I get violently ill. Rather, I DID until I learned to hold it in. It really was as simple as that (they always make the stories sound magical, but that’s not life). Now I’m coursing with ...something. I certainly feel less tired. 

What was that? Oh right, the cops. Why have I just been standing here thinking? I should do something. I didn’t have a plan past “break in, eat food”. That’s right. That was my plan. I should keep thinking about it so I don’t forget what happened. About how I climbed the walls. How I almost got caught by a guard, but managed to choke him out with my stems. That’s right, that’s what I did. What a wild ride. 

“There he is!”

Oh fuck! There’s the cops. Right in front of me. Time to see if the stories are true!

“You’re too late, I’ve already eaten food. Time to kick some ass!” I reach to the sky and extend my fingers. Why? What’s going to happen? Wait, I feel it. Deep within myself a force so strong that it demands to be released. I can feel its power building up to escape from my very being!

“Gross! He’s gurgling vomit!” The cops looking both infinitely ashamed to be near me and wholly satisfied that they get to share in this moment as friends. 

I’d almost weep were I not going to certainly die from food poisoning. 

It’s like that old saying goes, “If you give a mouse a cookie, you’ll end up dying from eating an old Subway Italian meatball footlong in a government dumping site because an old lady in an alleyway said it would make you stronger.”