I stare, pretty shocked, I must admit, as something a little too fast for normal eyes to see hits Phase in the stomach and launches him backwards, much like what happens in a car crash. He lands right in front of one of the huge trucks carrying containment cells, designed to cuff people like me. Actually, probably designed specifically to contain me. Who knows what those overpaid nerdy idiots really intend with their gadgets. That something is shining brightly, moving in insane speed even while standing in place, apparently with no effort. The figure's movements seem to slow down to normal, showing it's just a human. With a costume. I sigh. What idiot is this? Some new Hero looking for a fight?

"Hah, what an idiot, letting his guard down just because he managed to catch that stupid whore Eclipsa. Don't you know she isn't the only villain in this town, and much less the strongest one?"

"Who - cof cof - are you? I thought the only villain that hadn't already been caught was her..."

And he was supposedly right. I made it so that I stood atop all the crime in the city, and after a lot of bribing and murdering, I managed to send all the great Mafia bosses and supervillains right into Phase's palm. That guy was completely new to me.

"I'm Burst. Through small controlled explosions caused by a material discovered by me, I can disrupt the fabric of time, creating...ahem...*Bursts* of extreme time acceleration which I can manipulate, giving the impression that..."

Phase rollwd his eyes while "Burst" proceeded with his lecture, eventually interrupting him.

"Blah blah blah, science science science, I don't care! Just know that the mighty -cof cof- oh boy that punch to the stomach did a number on me. Just know that the mighty Phase will be the one to-" 

Again, in a speed faster than what anyone else's eyes could catch, Burst moved and hit Phase, this time a little higher, right in the chest. He tried to phase before the hit landed, and maybe he even acomplished it, but Burst probably just waited for the small phasing window to pass and hit him. He flew some good 5 meters, and landed with a cold thud. He'll make it against this asshole, right? He didn't get up. Should I...intervene? Nah, I bet he'll make a heroic comeback. Oh, there goes that idiot again.

"Not so talkative anymore, eh? I'm being nice to you. Do you know what I'm doing? You can't even see it, but I'm not punching you, I'm gently touching you with extreme speed. Do you have any idea of what'll happen if I punch you?"

Silence. He looks up, and bravely stands, putting his weight on a trash can that was slammed out of a lamp post by his last impact. Now that I think about it, just how resilient is a regular human, again?  He couldn't have broken or ruptured something important with just this, right? Right?

"I guess...-cof cof wheeze- I guess I'll have to just phase.... until help arrives..."

I'm starting to get worried. That respiration doesn't seem healthy at all. I'm seriously considering breaking out, but then what? "Eclipsa misteriously kills new villain". I don't want to see that. I love Phase, not this piece of shit city. I guess I'll just see if the stupid neopolice can take this idiot down. I'm pretty sure Phase can hold out.

"Help? A whole army could come here, I can maintain my extreme speed for days. I'd age a lot, but I'd survive unscratched. And I know you can't phase for more than 5 minutes without a pause, you'd start losing your physical form." 

Oh. I completely forgot about that. I've always let him win so easily that he haven't had to phase for this long since  a while ago. He begins to phase before Burst can start his extreme speed, but, just as he said, he can't keep it up. I watched his pained expression as he pushed his limit to 6 minutes, while Burst patiently took care of all the oncoming neopolice droids, playfully deflecting all projectiles with his own hands. Then he collapses. The tips of his fingers, nose and ears already lost into thin air. Burst laughs.

"Idiot. He was going to die anyways. He just prolonged his suffering. And a punch trough the head yoooou taaaa-"

This is it. As the bright bursts started, I instantly pulled the palpable darkness from inside me and broke my containment cell. Hands of darkness flailed destroying everything in a good 5m radius around me.  Burst turned, startled, all the while not releasing the extreme speed around his hand.

"What? You broke free? No matter. Nothing can keep up with my extreme speed. I'll just kill this fucktard before I deal wi-"

As he turned towards Phase, the shadows caused by the skyscrapers around us stretched and lunged towards Burst, forcing him to dodge away from the unconscious body on the pavement.

"You bitch, I didn't know you could do this, I thought you just covered yourself in umbra and used it as a melee weapon. Whatever. Full body burst-"

You don't know anything about me. 

"Silence, varmint. Blackout"

The huge wave of darkness that flowed from my eyes covered dozens of miles in fractions of fractions of a second. Nothing travels faster than darkness. There was no visibility. No light could banish that, no high-tech gear could see trough it. Except myself. I guess no one will know what happened, especially Burst, since they don't know I can do this. And the name of the ability? I know it is overly simplistic. But I don't care. I never did, being powerful overwrites the need to be edgy. You look towards a desperate, confused Burst. 

"What the fuck is this? I've done deep research into you, there's no documentation of such a power. How and why would you hide something this big?"

I roll my eyes, despite no one being able to see them. This is nothing. I could cover the solar system in darkness, I could force the void to devour our planet. How pitiful is that, huh? The ability to destroy everything at will... it doesn't bring you anything. Power? I'd trade all of mine for half of a life where I'd lay down in a comfy bed at night and, everyday, be able to think to myself: Today was great, life is awesome.

"Big? I just covered the city in darkness. And why? The reason...the *someone* I did this for... he's just great. Always willing to risk himself, nice to all, pure, disgusted by corruption. Is he really perfect? I don't think so, and I'll probably never know. But I'll help him. He'll not even be thankful, and there's no way I'm changing that. That's the one thing about the universe I don't hate. " 

"What are you on about, dramatic bitch? Screw this, I'm rushing the hell out of..."

Heh, it's not like I expected him to understand, right? And did he just call me dramatic? That's it, it's been a long time since my babies from the other side of the veil had mortal flesh to eat. 

"Dark Feast."

I watched as the beings of pure darkness stretched from shadows even darker than my umbra and shredded the villain into tiny bits. Horrific screams of fear and pain came from him, mixed with the hungry growls of the fallen ones. His existence vanished. I then swallowed the darkness back into me , and while everyone was briefly stunned by the return of the brightness and the confusion, I entered another containment cell, as if I had never left.

Edit: added some stuff, some typos were removed.