I stumbled into the backyard, barely cognizant of the ice and snow and how dang cold they were. Perhaps I should have taken the time to put on socks. Not like whatever crashed was going to go anywhere. But then, I did venture out to give whatever crashed a piece of my mind for waking me up.

The heat of the collision melted off the snow and thawed the earth, leaving cooling soil that shifted as I stepped inside. It was a welcome relief over the cold. At the bottom was an empty, damaged shell of a craft, run through like swiss cheese. I touched its hull and then drew back at once, shaking my hand out. Still too hot.

A whirring sound caught my attention, and I peered into the craft. It was a Roomba, like my grandma had, but someone had, long ago, taped a knife to it. I gently reached in, and the Roomba drew back, like a feral cat. "Shh, it's ok," I whispered, though it dimly occurred to me how stupid I must have seemed reassuring a machine.

It made a trilling sound, and it took me a second to realize it was trying to speak. "Where....are...they?"

"It's in bad shape," I said. "I..." I couldn't say what I was thinking. "I'll help you look for survivors," I chose instead.

***

It was a tiny craft, yet far beyond anything I knew we were capable of. Unless the government really was lying to us all this time. The Roomba, whom I had learned was named Stabby, led me down short corridors to burned out doors too damaged to open. No one answered when I banged on them, and I began to fear that I was initially right.

Stabby finally led me to the cockpit, which smelled of smoke so badly I coughed. "Hello?" I asked. "I...I found your Roomba?"

At first, no answer, and then, tentatively, I saw a head poke out around the chair. My breath hitched, and I swallowed as I took in the face. Ash covered and pale the man watched me with what seemed like glowing blue eyes. I immediately flagged him as an alien. "Stabby survived?" he asked, voice barely above a whisper.

"...Captain..." Stabby managed, in that whirring grumbling voice. "I'm...scared..."

The captain stepped out from his hiding place and knelt, petting the Roomba. "It's ok. We're safe." He looked up at me, eyes shining. "Thank you. So very much."

I mustered a nod, it was all I knew how to do. "Are there others?" I asked.

He nodded and straightened, mustering the remains of his dignity. "Yes. We must find them and, if need be, hold our vigil. Come along, Stabby."