Even with the top five stories blown away, One Chase Manhattan still offered a commanding view of New York harbor.  A stead rain fell, the wind blowing through the bent, steaming steel where scorching plasma had vaporized the upper floors of the downtown skyscraper hours before. 

"General, please come back inside.  It's not safe here".  The defeated insistence in the adjutant's voice bordered on exasperation.  "We're the only surviving command within a thousand miles". 

The General stood, unperturbed, his rain jacket blowing in the wind over his dress uniform. The glowing cigar in his mouth was the only source of light outside the city smoldering below.  A radio dangled from its strap on his right wrist.  The harbor itself was ablaze, as hundreds of ships once too afraid to leave for open waters met their end.  "Look around you, Captain.  I want you to burn what you see into your memory.  People must never forget what you see here today."

The destruction of New York City was the side effect of what might have been the final stand of the Earth Defense Force's conventional forces.  24 hours before, the greatest concentration of aircraft, naval forces, and ground-based heavy weapons stood in attempted defiance of certain death from the heavens above.  Small arms could still be heard from the streets below, as combat continued between isolated units in the surrounding boroughs.  Like the entire effort, those attempts at resistance were doomed, yet Humanity remained determined not to face extermination quietly.  

In reality, if the war against the Galactic League wasn't over when it started, it was certainly over when the human Combined Fleet was utterly annihilated in high orbit of Mars.  Humanity could only wait as the months passed for this day to finally come.  It was only League bravado that allowed humanity to collect and concentrate their forces - the entire Galaxy knew when and where the League would make its assault.  

The General wondered if the Aliens really felt they'd paid dearly for this, or if the losses they took were simply too insignificant for a military force that thought on a galactic scale.  

The wind began to pick up from the south, the clouds parting over Staten Island.  A pale green light descended from above.  From the hole in the clouds descended a wedge-shaped League Dreadnaught.  The two kilometer long vessel dwarfed the north side of the island, glowing brighter than a full moon in the otherwise overcast skies, slowing to land over the broken remains of what was once St. George.  

The General put out the last of his cigar on the ruined desk next to him before tossing it out the destroyed window.    

"Burn this into your memory, Captain.  Because, should you survive to answer to future generations, they must know *why* we do this today."

Turning to face the city outside, The General raised the radio.  "Colonel.  Begin the ritual."