"I'm going to remove the blinds in just a moment, but first-" I hear the shuffling of paper on a clipboard. "-please state your name, and date of blindness." The doctor that I had been working with on this procedure was a very by-the-books kind of fellow, and at this point I had simply accepted that there was no affecting it, I had been trying for nearly two years. Arresting my identity from the anticipation in the room was difficult, but I replied "Trevor Claude, August 1st 1998." A day after I was born.

"This is attempt number 76, by occipital stimulation mid surgery, Trevor, please state your current mental status." 
"Conscious and eager."
"I will now remove the blinds, please state anytime at which there is change." The last word echoed slightly in the large room.

I felt his presence come near and the blind placed around my head began to slip. Immediately my eyes ached and I felt a slight twinge in the back of my head, like a muscle cramp in the brain. I could see a pinprick of light that began to expand into the edge of my vision, my eyes all the while feeling as if fire burned through its' veins. For a moment I felt like tearing up, but a part of me refused to cry, wanting to savor the images untarnished.

I had trouble registering what I was seeing, everything was blurry, out of focus. But by god, I was *seeing*. "I can see... it's blurry and my head aches but I can *see*." I heard the doctor and his assistant hold their breath, as well as one other, that I did not know was in the room. I tried to move my head to look at this previously unknown being, but the doctor asked me to keep still.

He shined something in my eye (which HURT), and began asking me questions. It seemed that even though I could see, I would need glasses for my near-sightedness. I'd rather take those than a cane. The doctor and his assistant placed various objects in front of my face, apparently taking measure of my now cooperative organ. After asking me to rest my eyes and wait for a few test results, they promptly left the room. What timing it was that I felt a new sensation creep across my brain, like a mole looking for a place to hide. The different colors that swept across my vision battled with the shapes of distant objects. I feared for a moment that my vision was fading when I saw a shadow in the corner of the room.

"Hello." The shadow called out. It startled me to find something with such a voice, it was somewhat familiar.
"Hello, have we met? I apologize, but I haven't had your face till now." I still didn't, he had yet to leave the shadow.
"Yes, we have, one year, and 201 days ago." The specificity of this answer left me perplexed.
"What's your name, again?"
The shadow itself seemed to stand up and walk directly towards me, stopping just where I could see clearly. It was some bulbous, dark, vague shape that seemed to leave a trail of darkness across my vision wherever it went. "My name is Sergeant Major Thomas Brantwell, and I was the one who helped you enter our program."
For a moment I couldn't take it seriously, I failed to stop my lip from curling into a smirk. *You couldn't be Brantwell! Brantwell was human!* I so wished I could say it but decided against it.

"I have been observing your progress and I was hoping we could talk afterwards, but now is as good a time as any." He was hesitating, glancing upward at a glass paneled observation room above us. I thought this was completely confidential? 

"You see me yes?" 

I nodded. 

"And nothing... *wierd* about what you're seeing?" His tone had changed, I felt as if I was looking into the muzzle of a gun. After a moment of hesitation I replied no. 

He seemed to relax, and eased away from me. He had gotten closer than I realized, new eyes and all, I suppose.
"That'll be all Trevor, congratulations on your new eyes."

My "new eyes" saw blood on his hands.

<Pt. 2 when I feel like it.>