I know what I am. More importantly, I know what I am not, but I still know the names. The names people spit with vitriol when my face is plastered on the news. Anarchist, terrorist, monster, savage. That’s fine with me. Let them spew their verbal sludge from their high horses knowing good and well they’d do the same in my position. So I’ll play my part and be their boogeyman spawned from hell to take the lives of men, women, and children innocent in their bed. I’ll be the villain that they’ll tell their kids about as a bedtime scary story. 

I am no monster, or savage, or boogeyman. I’m just a man. A man who has the balls to do what’s necessary when the time comes, and now the time has come. The time to end the corruption, the lies, the falsity of this damnable government. I will blow their tower of deceit back to the seventh circle of hell from which it came. The time has come to return this land to the people. Sometimes you need a wildfire to burn out the deadwood and my bombs are the spark.

But he’s coming. He’s always fucking coming the persistent bastard. For months we’ve waged war from South Africa to Chechnya and now he’s coming again. He’s slowed my progress, the peoples progress, but no longer. In another time we may have been allies and probably even friends, working together to better this place but that time has long since passed. I respect him for the tenacity of which our battles have been fought, like rams butting heads, we have been locked in this dance of death for a long time but now it’s time for a victor. The poor guy sees the world as black and white and no matter my efforts, he refuses to see the gray domain where I roam and has pegged me for the darkness. 

“Sir? He’s here. He came in where we expected.”

“How many did it take to subdue him?”

“Too many.”

“A price that needed paying. Where is he now?”

“In the interrogation room. He’s bound at the hands and feet and he knows you’re coming.”

“Well done.”

I have no superpowers though now I wish I did. It would make this easier. Grabbing my revolver off the desk where my security monitors are located, I open the chamber to make sure it’s loaded, it is, and solemnly begin the short walk to the interrogation room. Ha. Interrogation room. It’s a movie set I ordered built in this warehouse that I’ve been feigning as my base of operations. At the risk of bragging, it was a brilliant trap. I had watched him sneak into my compound on my little TVs, take out a few of my dime-a-dozen guards, and then eventually cut my video feeds. It was ending today one day one way or another, and it will not be with my demise. Luckily, for me, he was outnumbered, ambushed, and captured. He demanded that he see me face to face. I know he wants to save me, bring me to the light as it were, but the light doesn’t exist. It’s all just shades of gray. 

As I walk past the one way mirror, I see him sitting there, bound to a table with three guards watching him face the door with steely determination. Well, facing A door. I meander around to the back of the room cursing him for making me do this to him. Why did you demand this you prideful, brave, fool? You are no hero more than I am a villain, but I suppose he plays his role in the same vain as I play mine. I double check my revolver, still loaded.

“Has he moved?”

“No sir. He can’t move without being seen by a guard and they have shoot on movement orders.”

“They should’ve shot him already,” I say before I silently slip in the hidden door in the back of the room. There sits my nemesis, still bound hand and foot, sitting in a chair with his back to me. Slowly raising my revolver, I hold my breath so as not to make even the slightest noise. The spot is easy enough to find, if you know what you’re looking for and have some experience, of which I am in unfortunately in no short supply. My revolver settles on a spot just below the base of the skull about 2 inches from the bottom of his short cut, blonde hairline. In the snap of your fingers it’s over. The bullet severed his brain stem but missed the skull. None of the blood even got on my shoes, just followed the bullet through and out under his chin. No fuss, no muss. I roll the body over of my fallen adversary. He was a good man doing what he thought was right just as I am doing what I think is right. His bright blue eyes are calm and lifeless. You never really get used to looking into the eyes of someone whose life has just been snuffed out by your own hand. It was never what I wanted, but what was needed. I press my revolver into his chest above the heart and pull the trigger until the gun clicks. No tears, no guilt, no come to Jesus moment; just respect for a man who does what he needs to do.

“What now sir?”

“Burn the motherfucker down.”