The chancellor approached from among the other judges on the stage, holding a large roll of parchment from which he read the history and traditions of the game. The crowd fell silent as the chancellor neared his announcement of the winner for the year. An almost complete silence filled the room as the Chancellor announced the winner, which was followed by a high pitched squeal of excitement from the contestants pool, and finally by cheering as a pretty blonde woman ran up on stage.

Following tradition, the woman stood center stage and went on to recount her plan, paired with the micro-cam footage of her arrival and subsequent planning. She recounted how she opted to be sent to the earliest point she could, arriving during his political rise in the late 20's, and infiltrating his inner circle through evidence she had planted indicating she was a distant relative. 

She gained his trust, and through careful misdirection and planting of ideas, she pushed him into antagonizing the allied powers, along with influencing the location of certain concentration camps for easy liberation, solely for style points. Eventually her positioning created a perfect situation for the allies to push into nazi occupied territories. Her influence led to the fall of most of nazi occupied areas and brought both allied fronts together at Berlin, where she and Hitler hid in an underground bunker.

The crowd sat stunned as she recounted their time in the bunker, and finally, after having spent close to 20 years with Hitler, the woman on stage told the crowd about how she had become the first person in the games history to get Hitler to kill himself. The crowd cheered as footage of the dictator placing a German Luger pistol to his head appeared on screen.

 The woman smiled cheerfully, and to the crowds surprise, she pulled out the pistol that was used in the footage and presented it to the delighted chancellor. She went on to shake each judges hand and to sign her name on the list of winners, then, she recieved her vestments and confidently joined the judges section in the chair of high honor.

Eva would eventually go on to become high chancellor of the games in the coming years, much to the expectation of everyone in attendance that day.