"You think this is kinda our fault, somehow?"


Taking a quick drag, the shorter of the two detectives grunted. A fog of smoke slowly wafted around the study.


"I mean, us not saying anything. About the bat thing..."


A scowl.


"Come on, Jack. You think no crazy sunnofabitch ever came up to him at one of those fancy fundraising events, you know, with the caviar and suits and stuff? Just start telling him that we all know? That the city ain't stupid? Course we said it to him."


"I guess. But he still thought he wa-"


"He didn't think he was. He was, man. Broken. You know the commissioner actually sent out a memo few years back? Askin' us not to mention it in front of him anymore? Apparently it was better for him to think it was a secret. Every time someone mentioned they knew, he'd smack em around in this very office for a couple hours, you know, 'interrogate' em. Then he drops em off with Gordon, who has to blow smoke up his ass for bringing in a supervillain or mastermind or whatever makes Brucie here happy. Next day? Mr. Wayne's repressed the memory already. Can't remember a new face. His file says he's got some condition, paranoid delusions, split personalities, whatever.  Some Freud bullshit."

"Yeah?"

"Yeah. Guy funds half the fucking force though. Least we can do is pretend we don't know about the bat thing and turn a blind eye to what happens to anyone dumb enough to mention it in front of him."
 

The younger detective paused for a moment.


"Funded. He funded half the fucking force."


 "Yeah. Hope he left us a trust or something. What do we got?"


"Shooter came in through there. Front door. One between the eyes, looks as if Mr. Wayne was turning round to see who it was. Dead before he hit the ground. Second to the temple, point blanc, execution style. Casings don't match anything I've ever seen sold in Gotham, probably some foreign stuff."


"He left the casings?"


"Honestly, it don't look like this guy was trying to cover it up. Forensics couldn't find anything this morning that shouldn't be here. This was professional. Hun'red bucks says we ain't getting shit from the casings."

A nod.

"Probably a business thing then. Guy like him got to have enemies, I think."


"Yeah. Open files on the desk show some kinda financial transactions. It'll end up being something in the numbers that got him killed. Usually is."


Another drag. The short detective sighed. 


"I think I'll get the paperwork over to Oswald later today. You know he's one of the first ones to to get the Wayne treatment? Accidentally let it slip at a wildlife fundraiser. Started talking about the new batsuit he saw Bruce wearing a few nights before. Got his transfer to fraud out of it on account of the medical leave."


"Huh. I didn't know that."

