The last one was... difficult, I guess. I don't like seeing the light go from their eyes when I do it. It feels uncomfortable. If it's with a knife, I stab them in the back and hold their head so I don't see their faces.

I don't choke them out, that involves unflinching eye contact, so a pillow over their head is better.

I sometimes forget why I kill them. First one was on accident. She told me a joke and I shoved her lightly, but she slipped on the hardwood floor and hit the countertop with a loud crack and a heavy thud. That's when I found out how to be immortal.

So this one was the first one where I saw the light go from their eyes. I decided to branch out, ya know? So I shot them... her, in the chest. And that was when I wanted to stop what I was doing. She just looked... disappointed, and sad. Not confused, just those two.

Now I just want to move on, but I'm too chickenshit to kill myself. So, the only options are to either live in eternity by myself, or find some girl who will live with me and forgive me for my sins.

And... I met her.

Blonde, a little shorter than me, surprisingly nice legs, and a smile brighter than the sun.
Her name was Cynthia.

I met Cynthia in an elevator at the local mall. I was getting some new clothes, needed a new shirt. I went to Macy's.

She was just there in the elevator when it opened up. She was by herself, staring straight at me as if expecting me. I flinched, and she saw this. She flashed a hint of that smile, brighter than the sun, and said "Come on in, stranger. I don't bite." I smiled back involuntarily and shuffled into the elevator. She repositioned herself so that she was facing me and began to just stare at me. I could feel her eyes darting around my pudgy body. This was different from the other girls. They were usually my size, or a little bigger. A more thin, toned, *blonde* girl was intimidating. I think I was also different compared to some guys she met.

The elevator door finally opened, and we both exited. We hadn't acknowledged it, but we seemed to be walking together. She glanced at me every now and again while I wouldn't dare look at a blonde lock of her short-ish hair.

Finally, one of us broke the silence. "New clothes?" She asked, glancing at my bag. I nodded. "Needed a new shirt." I said. "Old one was, uh, dirty and faded."
"Only one?"
"Huh?"
"You said old *one.* That implies you only bought one shirt. You really only needed one shirt?"
"Yeah... others are good."
"Hm." She smiled, obviously suspicious of me.

"You?"
"Ah?"
"What are you here for?"
"Oh, I just like walking around the mall sometimes."
"Who does that?"
"I do."

Silence again engulfed me. She seemed completely fine while I felt like my back was being pricked with needles, urging me to bring up *something* to talk to her about. She solves this problem for me almost constantly.

"You find yours? Your 'one,' I mean."
"...No. you?"
"One time I did. He died though."
"Oh, I'm sorry."
"It's okay. I... kind of didn't feel too into him. What sucks about this whole thing is that if you find your 'one,' it's not like you get a say in whether or not they're a *good* one, right?
"Right..."
"Right! So part of me thought, oh, maybe it wouldn't be so bad if he died. Maybe I'll find someone more for me."
"Mm."
"On, uh, sorry I just remembered we haven't exchanged names yet... I'm Cynthia, you?"
"Ah, uh, Jorge." I then shake her hand. She shakes back. Firm grip. Grandpa would have liked her.

"Did I scare you with that talk? I'm sorry if I shared too much... I figure it's easier to answer and ask questions in a straightforward way than dance around it all."
"Yeah, I understand... uh, no, you didn't scare me. I actually think that was interesting. I sorta feel the same way."

We look away from each other a moment, and then back. I look at her shoes though.

"You wanna go to a park next week?" She asked. "Wednesday?"

I look at her. "Yeah, that sounds nice." I reply.

A couple weeks pass after that, and we've been meeting up more and more.

She even meets my family.

Something is different about her, and it's calming.

Several months pass, and by now she's way past the date of... death. We're snuggling on her couch when we talk.

I sigh, and without thinking, I say, "I've killed my past loves."
I immediately take heed of my mistake and look at her.
She keeps staring ahead, and holds my wrist a little tighter. She snuggles up against me, closer.



"Me too." She whispered.






"...I'm tired of it."
"Me too."


"I wanna be out of it, together, with you."

She smiled again, and looked at me.
"Me too."

We then kissed, for the first time.