"Hey! Remember me?  Britain, 1800s?"

I stopped dead in my tracks... and turn to see an old man in a shabby coat, sat back in his booth against the wall.

"Uh, refresh my memory?"

I mean, I was in Britain around then.  Good place to be, if you were rich.  I'd secured my fortunes long - long ago.  Common man had it like hell around those times... I think?  Ah who can remember back that far anyhow, like another life it was.

"I was in the streets, I've always been in the streets."  He looked up into my eyes. "You took the time to sit and talk with me, I remember that"

... I can't even remember what I ate last tuesday, this guy for real?

"You must have one hell of a good memory, recalling something that far back."

"I couldn't forget a man with your gait, like someone who'd walked a million miles.  Strong, steady, strides that plant with complete certainty"

...That's odd to say, but alright...

"So, what did we talk about?" I take a seat across the booth from him

"We didn't talk long, we both mentioned we had lived forever - and had a good laugh about it"

Well, I have had a lot of talks with crazy people over the years.  They definitely are more interesting to chat to, and they are always willing to talk.  I've heard a LOT of stories over the years though, so many crazy people whom I just nod and smile to pass the time with... I've done that forever, like literally forever... could this guy be telling the truth?

"So, you are immortal?"

"Well, I ain't dead yet.  I say that's a good sign."

"And you just let me walk off after that?"

"You just walked off after that!"

... good point, I guess?

"So, how good *is* your memory?"

"I can recall every moment of my life after I was about 3 or 4 I think" he smiled a little, seeming proud of the fact.

I, I just can't believe it - this whole time I was for certain I was alone... I didn't remember how this even started, my memory has never been all that great, but this man... he seems a bit weird, but I could finally...have a friend again?

"I'm sorry, I don't recall your name."

"Don't worry Alice, my name is Walter"

... huh?  Alice?  Did I make a bad joke to him before... rocky way to start off a friendship.

"Granpa Walt, did you make a new friend?"  A soft female voice chimed in behind me.  I turned to see a woman in her 40s coming to the booth, she looked apologetic as she approached

"I hope he didn't bother you too much, he has bad dementia and I don't tend to take him out much anymore.  He tends to babble on about his shows - he used to be so sharp, so proud of his memory."

"Susan, is that you?"

"No grandpa, it's me - Alice.  I'm sorry again, I had to go to the bathroom - I thought he'd be okay for a moment" She turned toward me apologizing again

"Alice, this man was with me last night in the 1800s!"

"Oh, it's no bother.  I enjoyed talking to Walter, I'm happy to see he has someone to take care of him like you do.  I gotta get going though."  I wave to Walter and bow my head to Alice as I get up and head toward the door.

I guess I just haven't broken this old habit of mine...