The assault came out of nowhere and caught each and every nation on Earth by surprise. Within half a day the invaders had conquered more than 50% of the territory held by each nation. Every nation?    
No! The smallest of all of them, the land of Humanity stood proud and defiant, their borders still intact, throwing back waves after waves of encroaching alien attackers.

Every single race, Goblins, Elfs, Dwarves, Halflings, Orcs and Gnomes sent diplomatic parties to the human capital with pleas for aid, with instructions to grant every boon the humans asked for, as long as they agreed to save their doomed neighboors.

"Please, our magic fails as soon as these Nortok, as they apparently call themselves, bring out these doom-shaped devices, simmering with energy we can't understand. Our defensive force is nothing without our nature mages providing them with magical enhancements! Help us! Tell us how you are keeping your borders safe!", pleaded the elven ambassador.   

"Aye, me lads 'n lassies are dying in droves while our earthshapers fail to create defensive barriers. How are your walls still holding?", added the dwarven ambassador.   
Each group stated something to similar effect, while the human councilors watched and listened silently. Finally, their headsman rose from his seat and addressed the congregation of ambassadors.

"For ages, you and your people have laughed about us and our inability to do magic. You halflings cheated our traders with illusion magic, while dwarven construction companies outbid human ones, simply because we couldn't just wave a hand and raise a wall.   
It seems to me like this is poetic justice, that there should be a foe that your magic can't defeat, forcing you to come to us, begging and groveling for help."

Another member of the council harrumphed and muttered: "Charles, this is not the speech we agreed upon."

The headsman, Charles, coughed and continued: "Anyways, let it be said that we humans are a generous folk and that we forgive you your past transgressions. We shall help you with our forces under one condition: After this threat is defeated, we will build a new city at a still to be determined location where each of our people will live together. There we will hold council as equals and decide upon our future together."

"Puny human, dis is all well 'n gud, but how will u kill dem attackers? Magics no gud and you are puny and small!", interrupted the leader of the orc delegation, standing at his full height, nearly twice as tall as every human in attendance, at at least 3 times as massive.

"Simple", interjected a small figure in military uniform that had just entered the room. "We shall beat them with the power of technology, just as they beat you with technology that surpresses your magic. Even now our transport air carriers are on the way to your nations to drop of their precious cargo. As soon as they reach your airspace hundreds and thousands of our elite fighting force will drop on their heads, wearing our new YX-22 power armours or piloting the mighty Vanquisher robots."

Immediately, the assembled ambassadors bombarded the female with questions, but she just smiled and pressed a button on a tiny remote in her left hand. The room turned dark and white squares descended from the ceiling, while a device in the middle of the ceiling lid up brightly. On each and every one of the squares, scenes out of the other nations homelands were projected, with pictures of humans in metallic armour or giant humanoid hunks of metal massacring the invaders.

"Does that answer your questions, Ladies and Gentlemen?", asked the General with a smile.