"You think I'm licked. You all think I'm licked! Well, I'm not licked. And I'm going to stay right here and fight for this lost cause, even if this room fills with a poisonous gas; and the Taylors and all their armies come marching into this place. Somebody will listen to me." 
With that last gasp the junior senator slumped in her desk. Her youthful good looks gone waxy, her hair dull and unkempt . The senators around the room knew her time had come. Twenty four hours upright, daring not to pause long enough for someone to interject, it had undone the young senator who showed such promise.

The president of the senate looked down on Senator Smith. He feared that this defeat would ruin his dear young friend's political career. Perhaps she had too much heart, and honesty for the senate. It was such a shame, the senate need her type so dearly. Oh and fuck, she probably wont be up to tomorrow's game! I had my bugbear paladin rolled up, and we were going to get POTUS out of the prison. Damn it this really does suck.

Senator Smith shifted in her seat. She knew she was beaten. The only thing keeping her from expulsion was human apathy and status as a political pariah. She knew the apathy would fail soon enough. She looked for those few allies she had in the room. Saunders in the gallery seemed heart broken at first but gave Smith a smile that reminded her of that first encounter at the friendly local game store he owned. She turned to the vice president at the head of the room. An old family friend who had saved her father's countless rouges from hundreds of deaths. The poor old man had such a grimace on his face. Smith was begining to worry the torture he was going through was her fault. But then he looked down at her with a wicked grin.

"Will the senator take a question?" the president of the senate yelled out. The whole room froze for the briefest moment. Just long enough for Senator Smith to stand up out of her chair. She squeaked out "yes" and then gave out a small cough.

The vice president leaned forward. "If this room were to fill with a poison gas would that be an evil act? And how much experience might one receive from each senator." Smith was braced with both arms against her desk, head hung low. She stood there silent and still. The gallery and other senators began to talk in hushed voices. When then the senators head shot up. "Of course it would be an evil act. And you would receive no experience and at best 30 copper, if you could pull it off. But most importantly you don't have the means of producing any poison gas let alone enough to fill 3 levels of a 80 by 80 room."

The senate chambers had been host to very unusual events these past 24 hours. But at this moment very few even recognized what was unfolding. Saunders caught on second and gave out a yip from the gallery. Then one of the opposing senators was third to figure out the vice presidents rallying effort. He shot to his feet "Objection!" he shouted. "The senator has already ceded the floor. Begin the roll call for her dismissal."

Junior senator Smith would not realize till much later what was happening. Her body and mind had been completely spent getting to this point of the filibuster. But a dungeon master runs on another kind of energy. It is a strange mixture of kinship, wasted preparations, and the glee of thwarting your players at every step. Smith turned to the opposing senator. "Roll for it." With a scowl he fished a d20 from his pocket and rolled it on the desk. "11." he said.

In the following days as the senate made it's way deeper and deeper into the dungeon Taylor's campaign to discredit the senator and frame her for his own graft would come out.  The game ended shortly after the news reached the senate, though the TPK at the hands of the Ithillid was the primary factor in the game ending.