I remember the day it all started. It was early in the morning, so early the sun was just starting to peak over the mountains casting the sky in shades of red and purple. 

I was walking down to the local Coffee shop, it was only just a few blocks down from where I lived. Coffee tasted horrible mind you, but I didn’t really care it was cheap and convenient. 
When I got there I was quite surprised to see it was being surrounded by police. When I tried to ask one of the officers what was happening none of them responded at first, because they were all whispering to each other and pointing at me. One of the officers ran up to our local sheriff and brought him over to me. He sighed in relief when he saw me “Thank God you’re here. So here’s the situation, the super villain known as the Caffeinhater has taken everyone in the building hostage for a ransom of a hundred million dollars. We need you to go in there and put a stop to his villainy.” 

I was about to call him a lunatic for wanting me to go in and stop a hostage situation. Oh and for claiming their being held hostage by a super villain! 
But before I could he started to push me towards the door to the coffee shop. I tried to fight back but the older man was to strong for me, and he shoved me inside. After getting shoved past the door I lost balance and fell onto the ground. As I slowly picked myself off the ground I was able to get a good look around the room, two things immediately caught my attention. The first one being the small group of people huddled tightly together and then standing in front of them... oh wow that must be Caffeinhater. 

He was wearing almost all black spandex expect for a logo on the back of it that had a white coffee mugged crossed out. He looked to be about four hundred pounds of pure muscle. He Hadn’t noticed me yet because his back was turned to me as he tried to instruct his hostages in the evils of caffeine. (Via screaming at them about it.” I began to try to sneak away but one of the old wooden boards underneath me creaked. He quickly turned around and instead of a look of anger quickly followed by his fist in my face, he had a look absolute fear quickly followed by him raising his hands in the air. “I surrender!” After that I had to awkwardly escort the much larger man outside to much cheers and applause. 

Ever since that day whenever I wasn’t out to work plumbing, I’ve kept running into similar situations that always end the same way. Honestly it baffled me for a while, I had no superpowers as far as I could tell, I wasn’t the strongest or most intimidating guy.  Honestly I’m more on the overweight side then anything else. But today I think I figured out what my power is. Its honestly was very simple now that I think about it. My power obviously is




Hope you enjoyed it. Any criticism is welcome! God bless! 
Edit. Just edited it so it’s less of a block of text like one of the comments recommend.