I didn't know better when I was a child. The principles of causation are a mystery at that age, and I genuinely believed I was to blame for Mrs Garcia moving away. Back then, she was just aunty Sofia to us, the scampering runts of Block 4B, and I remember bawling my eyes out when reality set in. Many of the older kids consoled me after, swearing that I had nothing to do with it, but their words did little to staunch my tears. The angel of Block 4B never did come back.

Of course I see things differently now, but the guilt still lingers, irrational as that may seem.

It must have been a weekday, because mama and papa were out at work. I awoke with hunger gnawing in my belly, and Samuel already had a cup of water ready. “Drink up,” he said. “Lunch is not for another few hours.” My brother was is always right about these things, so I listened to him, and then we spent the morning chasing each other around the apartment. We played so much, on so little fuel, that sometimes I wonder how it was that we simply didn’t evaporate into mist.

We heard aunty Sofia’s voice echoing along the corridors, and that was how we knew lunch was ready. We washed our hands, patted down our hair, then locked the apartment behind us. Aunty Sofia was three units down, and the other kids were already on their way. Her door was wide-open, and the aroma of freshly-baked paella wafted out. For a moment it didn’t seem like we were in the projects, but rather on the doorstep of a famous restaurant, about to have the meal of our lives. The Pied Piper himself could not have drawn us away.

On their way in, some of the kids dropped a fistful of coins into a bowl she had set next to the door, and she thanked each one in turn. Others had nothing but the sorrowful looks on their faces, but she still hustled them in after extracting a promise that they would pay the next time. She then sat us down in rows, and the older kids helped pass the food around. Aunty Sofia delighted in knowing each of us personally, and when she came around to ask me how my day was going, I should have just smiled, said ‘fine’, and continued with my lunch.

Instead, I did the one thing which mama had told me not to do.

“Do you have a sister, aunty Sofia?”

“No, Nicola, no I do not! At least, not one who lives in the city! All of them are far away.”

“Really? But she really looks just like you!”

Samuel nudged me then, hard enough to bruise. That irritated me, and I almost swung at him with my elbow. Didn’t he know it was rude to interrupt? Sure, he was always right about most things, but this too? My gut told me I was in the right for once, and I had to stand my ground.

“Oh, Nicola, you must be mistaken. I really do not-”

“But I saw her, I did! She came again, just yesterday! I saw her with my own eyes! Maybe you missed her because you were out getting food for us?”

“What… why would you think she was my sister?”

“Because she parked downstairs, and uncle Mateo went down to greet her. I saw them hugging downstairs, and then he brought her back up here! Did you really not see her? You must have just missed her!”

I expected her to thank me for letting her know. That was the polite thing to do, and besides, everyone at school had complimented me for being observant. But aunty Sofia only turned away, a mix of anger and confusion on her face. Some of the other children had fallen quiet too as they waited for her to respond, perhaps with a story to pass the time, or a song to rouse the spirits. Aunty Sofia disappeared into the kitchen for too long, and when she emerged, she was like a balloon left out too long, deflated but somehow still bobbing as best it could. 

I didn’t think much else of it then, but Samuel pinched me on the way back. He warned me that mama would get angry when she found out what I had done. I didn’t believe him, of course. I thought he was merely being jealous at how I was the one with the eye for detail and the savvy for connecting the dots.

As things turned out, Samuel was right. 

Mama was the one who heard it first. A few days later, as evening stole over us, mama rushed to the window and peered out. She called for papa, and together they blocked our view entirely. But I heard it too, then. The screech of metal on metal, the cracking as glass gave way, and the ravings of a broken heart. Mama turned to me then, her eyes narrowed, as she asked whether I had told aunty Sofia anything at all. I was so frightened then, I didn’t say a word. 

Papa and mama ran down, but I was rooted. I stayed up there, next to Samuel, as we watched the rest of the adults stream to aunty Sofia. I almost didn’t recognize her. At this hour, she should have been in her uniform, on the way to the factory for her night shift. She was screaming, calling for uncle Mateo to come down. She had a rake in her hands, and a number of the cars had been damaged. One of the cars was her sister’s, and its taillight hung loosely by a wire, like an apple refusing to fall.

Eventually, he did, and with aunty Sofia’s sister by his side. I saw papa and few of the other men keeping them apart. At one point aunty Sofia almost stabbed him with her rake, but he dodged in the nick of time. Mama must have sensed me watching, because she flicked her head to look straight at me. Our eyes met, and that was about as I could take. I retreated to the bedroom, where I pressed my pillow over my head and tried to drown out the sounds of the police sirens.

It seemed like an eternity later that mama came to me. She lifted my pillow, wiped my cheeks, then asked if I was alright.

“Is aunty Sofia ok?”

“Yes… yes she is.”

“Why did the police come? Did she do something wrong?”

“She… uncle Mateo called them, if you must know. Said she had damaged all the other cars, and wanted them to arrest her.”

“Is… is she in jail?”

Mama snorted. “No, she’s not. The police asked for witnesses, and we said we saw everything. Saw how uncle Mateo had driven home drunk, how he and his new friend had hit the other cars while they were trying to park.”

“But there was a rake. And there were rake marks on the cars. The police would have seen that.”

Mama laughed this time as she tousled my hair. “Oh Nicola… you’re observant, alright. I’ll give you that. One day you’ll learn about circumspection too. Do you know what that is?”

“No,” I said.

“Obviously not.”

Our routine changed from that day on. Mama left a bowl of tortillas in the fridge for us when the work week began, with instructions on how to heat them up ourselves. Samuel was in charge of that. I’d asked him, of course, why we couldn’t eat at aunty Sofia’s anymore. Samuel said she had moved away, and I’d asked, when? Why? A thousand other questions he had no answer to.

As I said, Aunty Sofia never came back. Many years I had spent wondering if I should ever have broached that topic the way I did, way back then. Samuel said on numerous occasions that I had to forget about it all, that sometimes the world worked in ways we did not understand. He told me that perhaps, just perhaps, the shorter, intense pain is better. It’s like pulling a tooth, he said. No one wants to drag that out. Even if aunty Sofia didn’t think so, what I did was probably a favor to her, in the long run.

I hope he’s right about that too. 

---

/r/rarelyfunny