Maria…

Why did that name have any meaning? I stood staring down at the ground or, at least, I think it was the ground.

What was I doing?

I tried to rack my brain, remember what seemed only like visions and illusions than an actual reality. Through the haze, I remember making out bits and pieces: Shoes, dirt, flowers. I remember being sad, but for what? Was it raining? If not, then why couldn’t I see?

“Erin”

My head swerved as if it was on a mount, my body following not far behind. Before me stood the most amazing woman I had ever seen, appearing out of what looked like the wind; hair of gold and smile of diamonds and with eyes that I swear I could melt into. Blue…wait, is that the name? Was that color blue or…what are the other colors? Damn it, why couldn’t I remember!

“Erin, why...why would you do this? I accepted my fate! Why would you throw your life away for mine!?! I wanted you to be happy, with or without me! Please, please don’t do this!”

I couldn’t form words. Everything I had ever know, language, thoughts, it seemed to just vanish. I wanted to ask what was going on: who was Erin? Was that me? Then who was she and what the hell is happening!?!

I heard a thump behind me as a darted around quickly again to watch a…thing… hit the floor. It was filled with words that, one by one, became unintelligible. I rapidly tried to decipher what I could:

Return....

“Return”? Return what? It was all trash. Everything in my mind felt numb. I began to panic; what the hell was happening? I looked at my hands, believing maybe somewhere upon them, hidden in the lines and wrinkles, I could figure out whatever was going on. A few scars, some marks, a weird metal object on my finger with just a few words. I began to hyperventilate; what did it say? I felt myself go lightheaded. I looked towards the woman standing behind me only to find her uncontrollably sobbing. My vision blurred as I began to pass out. I looked at the object one last time, praying it would provide me with some comfort as I slipped into the unknown. What did it say?!? Please, someone, tell me!
As I hit the ground, darkness enveloped me. Everything in my head went blank. I felt as if all weight was lifted from me as my body began to feel weightless. It was then I noticed; those few words made sense for the slightest of seconds:

Forever betrothed, Maria

Everything was blank except for one word: “Maria”
