My coin collection isn't vast by any stretch of one's imagination. A single Japanese yen from 1998, in fact is the most exotic coin I have ever had the pleasure to accept as part of my change. They are in fact, close enough to a quarter here, that I doubt the person who gave it to me even noticed or cared enough to give it much thought. It was currency, not our currency, but then again in a small town it's even rarer to find a person that thought of anything other than their evening drink.

Don't get me wrong, I have inherited a modest collection of American coins from my late grandmother, who died when I was 7. I never took her as someone that would travel outside of the county. Then again I only got to know her for, from what I could remember, 3 years of my life. Before, the family curse of cancer, took her as it will me one day.

Anyway, that is neither here nor there. The point is, my collection isn't very impressive and was only going to contain mundane currency of mostly domestic coins, I had taken a liking to.

When the government got rid of the penny, I thought fondly on the days as a little girl. I'd take my purple Barney the Dinosaur piggy bank and fill it with all the pennies I ever got in my change. Then when I really wanted something from the store, I'd empty ol'Barney and count up 500 pennies. The look on the teenage gas-station clerk's face always made me giggle. It took awhile to count both on my laminated bedroom floor under the poor light of the florescent tube light on my wall, and when I had to stand at the counter and recount every penny in front of a confused teen twice my age.

Maybe it was this redundancy, or the memories of learning to count to large numbers as a very young child and getting praise for doing so. Either way, the waves of the nostalgia overcame me, when I learned the mint would not make anymore pennies and where recalling those left behind.

So they may be useless now, I still go out of my way to pick up the little copper pieces of my childhood if I find them on the ground. They remind me of happier, simpler times. Seeing the maple leaf, sometimes two on the brownish surface. Polishing them so they gleamed almost as beautifully as they did when they were printed long ago. Like the last veterans in a nursing home that still proudly wear their uniforms on Remembrance Day. Clean and crisp, but worn and no longer fit to serve, though still proud of their county and what it stands for.

Well, recently I got a new job. One at a convince store, down by the lake. It's nice most days. Sometimes there is a rush of customers, others it's like watching paint dry. Since my new boss is very insistent that I should not be on my phone or on the computer for most of my shift, even if it's a slow day and all of my other duties have been completed, I wonder around the outside of the building often with the broom knocking down the endless cobwebs, to fight off boredom.

On some of my trips, I find change some customer or person lost. Probably drunk and going through the wrong pocket or dumping their purse on the deck's table and not collecting all that fell out. Wherever the coins' origins, they don't really matter. They are extra tips for me at the end of the month anyway.

So, one day I am cleaning the outside of the building. After determining that my boss was going to return soon, and I had been sitting at the desk for about two hours right after he had left, anyway. A few American tourist had been in the store. 

They apologized profusely of only bringing American money to a Canadian convince store that's till would be considered an antique by today's standards, on their vacation into the heart of the Canadian boonies. They were also slightly upset that there was no wi-fi available at a place that is essentially a campground built randomly in the woods. In my opinion they were just lucky there is an out house available for the public right across the parking lot, this year, before we'd just hand you a shovel and some toilet paper.

Despite my obvious complaints of our recent customers, running through my mind and sealed on my lips, the day was as the same as all the others before it. I swept the spider silk of the store, their nets getting bigger that I was almost afraid they were trying to catch people, and picked up the various garbage off the ground. Most of it was wrappers of ice creams, ones eaten before I was able to ring them in to the till unfortunately, so I was dreading the day I over charged or under charged too much for a Spongebob ice-pop and had to have another talk with my boss on prices for things.

As I grabbed that last of the trash that had blown under the deck, I noticed a couple of coins had fallen through the planks above. I scooped them up and put them in my pocket to look at later. After that I continued on with my day and closed the store an hour early when business was still dead and my boss still hadn't returned to badger me about not doing anything that day.

I drove up to the parking lot for the swimming beach, stripped into my bathing suit and watched the sunset, well floating by myself in the lake. Then after the sun was completely gone, I swam to shore, got back into my truck and drove home. I stopped at the convince store in town to get some chocolate that the store I worked at didn't sell, and I handed over the spare change, I noticed I had a couple of pennies in the mix.

The clerk, who was an acquaintance of mine, asked me for a ride to the other side of town. As she was just closing when I arrived and she hated walking home in the dark. I agreed to wait for her, well she finished doing her deposit and inventory check.

During this time I looked closer at the pennies I had found, already thinking of finding my polish and adding them to their retired brothers in the old cookie tin, I was temporarily storing them in. That's when I saw it. Well not an it, but me. I saw my self where the queen's head should have been.

I thought I was going mad. This had to be some stupid joke. I turned it over to look at the back. It had a maple leaf on it, but it was styled differently than the others. I read the year: 2044. Then I kept on reading.

"And what, Miss Kisa, did it say?"

In honour of Canada's last known citizen, 1994 - 2034.