Suddenly the never-ending darkness ends and you begin to fall, you close your eyes and scream against the wind washing over you and filling your ears with a silent roar. You open your eyes and realize you are falling upward, of all things, shooting towards the heavens, pulled upward by a force stronger than the only gravity you have ever known. With a final gust, you are pulled out of the upper atmosphere and the air is ripped from your chest as you enter space. You gain velocity in your path outward, away from the only planet you have ever known. By the time you pass the moon it dawns on you that you cannot breathe and you do not particularly care, all you feel is wonder as you observe the universe you are flying through. The sun is but a blur as you pass through. The milky way is beautiful from afar. You don't know how long you are flying, nor can you begin to recall all the wonders you have seen, but suddenly your course is violently changed and the sense of harmony and belongingness you felt destroyed. You are ripped to a different direction and you can't help but feel a sense of supreme loss at the act. An anger begins to fill you, as you realize that your path has been hijacked by some force to which you should not belong. You fly towards a dark planet, covered in gas and lightning and raw energy, with a gravity so strong you see it pulling in any object which comes near. Your understanding of space is weak, but you think that perhaps this is what the slow birth of a star is like. Your body hits the atmosphere but you feel nothing and are not surprised having already surmised that your body is now ethereal. For you are dead. You slow down as you reach what can only be described as a solid mass of noxious gas, floating as if frozen through the mighty storm. You slowly descend upon the object and drop onto your feet, feeling the hardness beneath you regardless of your newfound ethereal nature. You look around you, observing a bleak, hard, reflective landscape of sharp angles. The whole thing seems wrong; twisted and unnatural. You hear something behind you, and your warrior instincts take over, spinning on your heel you turn about in a sharp movement, fists raised in a defensive posture. Out of the darkness walks the most beautiful man you have ever seen. His long golden hair flows behind his head and his features are immaculate and symmetrical. If anyone could be described as perfect, it would be this man. You are suddenly glad that you are dead, and your wife is very far away and cannot see this creature of beauty standing there before you.  You start to open your mouth to speak, but are cut off by the stranger.

"Hello, Mr. Graves, is it? I love that name, by the way, especially considering how many you are responsible for sending to their own...grave. Such Beautiful irony is hard to not appreciate." His voice is silky smooth, enticing and uncomfortably erotic.

You open your mouth to speak and a hoarse sound comes out followed by a cough as your mind grapples with the reality of not being real, but requiring a physical noise to be made all the same.

"Let me help you with that, " says the stranger calmly. He waves his hand towards you and suddenly you feel much more in control of your new form, a wave of pressure washing over you and meshing with your mind.

"What did you do to me?" you ask guardedly, your voice deep and commanding.

"Ah, that's better," the stranger continues, his eyes laughing. "That's the General, known and loved by his soldiers, feared and revered by his enemies." He pauses and spreads his hands wide to each side. "Welcome, my new friend, to the afterlife."

"I assumed that's what this was," you state simply, "A shame, i had always hoped for nothingness."

The stranger laughs," Ah but I do love a nihilist, but I am surprised to find one within one whom so intimately dealt with death during his life."

You eye the stranger suspiciously, "Who...are you?".

"Why I am the thing of nightmares, the bringer of evil, the tormentor of souls and the destroyer of purity. I who designed the "original sin".  He laughs bitterly, "I am the thankless one, hated, reviled, blamed for atrocities which were not of my making. The one who lost the great war for your souls. The one who gave humanity free will, and not the joke of an illusion that HE gave you." He says HE with a rage, of which you have never heard the like before, snarling the word like a wild animal. "I am...Lucifer".

"I thought you were just a story," you state hesitantly. "And what's this about giving us free will?"

Lucifer starts to pace animately, obviously enjoying his chance to tell his story. "You see, history is told by the victors. As a man of war, you know this to be true. My kind lost the great war and were banished into the darkest regions of the universe. We were painted as evil when really it is quite the opposite. We wanted to imbue the creations", he stops and whispers conspiratorially, (that was you, humans, by the way) "We wanted to imbue the creations with free will, instead of making them little more than the slaves you started as. We fought a war over it, a war for your souls, as it were. In the end, we won but we were decimated in number, banished for our  "crimes" against the great creator, who was little more than first amongst many, the arrogant cur".

"What?" you say confused, "But..."

He cuts you off, "Come on general, keep up now. We've already discussed the origin of history. I am beginning to doubt your talents if you cannot follow along with such a simple train of thought."

"So you are really the good guy, and the one they call God is bad?" you ask, unconvinced.

"Well, I am not good in any sense. But I am one who values freedom above all. If you look at your "holy" texts what evil have I ever done? I tempt people to discover their true potential and to get a little enjoyment out of their short lives while they can. The one you call God has called for atrocity after atrocity to be committed in his name. Genocide, slavery, patricide, murder. He flooded the whole fucking earth because you humans stopped paying attention to him. That's like one of you earth children flushing your damn ant farm down the toilet because they ignore them".

"Ok, ok, i get it, " you say impatiently, "enough with the religious shit, I never had the mind for that nonsense. Too much like politics, I always said."

"Ah i knew I would like you, "he says with a grin. "you see, surprisingly HE decided to invite you to his kingdom, which normally he does not do for warmakers unless they die a heroic death. You see he has to keep up appearances amongst the others of our kind, or else they might realize he can be overthrown. You must have died a heroic death, I take it?"

You try to think but the memory is hazy and painful and by instinct you reach to rub your temples before stopping, staring at your hand; realizing the irrelevance of the gesture. "The last thing I remember was rushing towards the men who were massacring the women and children. Yelling at them to stop. Picking up a child in my arms to protect them....then, nothing".

"A good death if I've ever heard one," Lucifer said, with genuine sympathy in his voice. And again I am reassured of my decision to pick you".

"Pick me for what?" you ask suspiciously.

Lucifer grimaces, his shoulders droop and the power of his smile wanes. "My kingdom, which i fashioned myself for me and my gilt. It has been stripped from me by humans i've invited to share my pleasures for eternity. Your greatest generals, reviled for their evils, which are immaterial in this form, have decided to take my kingdom for themselves, and I am regrettably reduced to a refugee, much like the ones you died to protect. I am in need, and I ask you, to do as you did in life as well as in death, and to help me."

You laugh, overcome by the ridiculousness of the sitatuion. His beautiful face looks so confused you laugh even harder, slapping your ethereal knee and hearing nothing, which only serves to make you laugh even harder. Tears would be flowing down your face, if you only had one.

"What is so funny?",  Lucifer asks, tenatively.

"Well, I was about to retire last week and now I am dead, somewhere in the infinite universe. I am responsible for dozens of war crimes at least, and somehow i made it into heaven, only to be usurped from that prized position and hijacked by the devil who is begging me to retake hell. And the only thought in my mind is, if God is infallible as you claim, why aren't you asking me to retake heaven?"

At this lucifer freezes. His eyes glaze over and he stares into the infinity of space for what feels like a lifetime. You watch him, very still. Suddenly afraid of this very beautiful, previously happy creature. Lucifer comes out of his stupor and a great grin comes across his face, his eyes twinkling with laughter.

"Why not, indeed?", he says, and begins to laugh maniacally.