I wake up and look around and see what must have been a total disaster. Trees are destroyed and the sky is dark despite a sun peeking through ash clouds. "Is this ... normal?" My thoughts now spoke aloud to my surprise do receive a response. A collective "No" mixed with a few other words that clearly have a similar meaning. Though I am unsure about anything a quick look down at my clothing reveals that I am wearing torn and tattered robes and cloth shoes. Continuing my train of thought, OH! A staff. A large ornate staff in my hand. It seems as if it were burnt like the area around me. My thoughts soon get interrupted as the people and creatures around me start shouting. It's clear they are celebrating but what for I do not know. Then start chanting.

"Raiden!" "Raiden!" "Raiden!" 

I know that's my name but wonder what makes this large gathering chant. The chanting continues and in many languages. I can only make out one so I guess it's my native language. However, when they get to a certain part of the chant repeats and they all say my name.

"Raiden!" "Raiden!" "Raiden!" 

I try to stand up in my rags and grab what I assume is my beat up staff only to fall down in pain. Some of the chanting stops and a few of the closest onlookers to my plight walk up to where I lay. One lays down close and is clearly not one of my kind but can speak my language and offers a simple but humble, "I know it's not enough but thank you." The creature then lays its hand on my head and I feel warm. It's words confusing but comforting, "As you have given so much for us I offer a gift in return." Images pass through my head. It's a memory the creature is a female. She has a family and they love her. That's all I know. I think somehow that she just gave me one of her memories. I just wonder why. Then I notice another walk up. From his appearance, I can tell he is probably of my race. He kneels down beside and starts speaking in a language I don't understand as a light comes from a small wooden staff he carries and enters my body all at once. As I start to feel a little better I hear him say, "Thank you, you've saved us all."

Each creature slowly walks up to offer their thanks and most offer some memory or healing magic. I did eventually get up the strength and courage to ask them what happened and why am I being thanked for it only to be told I can never know but my actions and sacrifice would be recorded for all to know. I was informed that through my actions I had saved this world but as to how and the recovery of my memories. That could never be known to me for my own good. 

From that day forth I was treated as a god and anyone would have done whatever I asked no matter how insane. After some time had passed from the great saving I did I decided to test just how far my new found seemingly kingly powers went. I asked for odd and simply ridiculous things. A 3 legged goat with one blue eye and one green eye, A dance from the prettiest woman of my race they could find, A dance from the ugliest, and even a soup that got warm if left sitting rather than cold. I was surprised to get all of the things I requested and usually pretty quickly too. It started to make me fill ungrateful. Shying away from the world; I stopped my ludicrous requests and found my way to a cave. Where I used to live had become a holy site visited by pilgrims to leave offerings in my absence. I just couldn't stand it. Not knowing what I did to be treated like a god. The only things I knew even years later where that it had cost all my memories except for my name and that it had saved this world. How, why, and what I did I would never be able to know. I began growing and eating my own food in the wild. I lived alone as I aged. I would on occasion go to a spot where I could see my old home. Even years later there where pilgrims and gifts. I never went all the way back and the gifts simply lay unused. I was happy for them but longed to know more. I would never get that chance as my age caught up with me and my light finally went inside a cave I had called home in my final years.