The Witch who had cursed me with immortality was the last to die. Her death was by my hand directly, and she laughed the same way she had when she cursed me, only this time with blood spurting from her mouth with each chuckle.

Her laughter didn't phase me. After seeing people die thousands of times by my hand or at the hands of others, I had come to realize everyone reacted to this inevitability differently.  Laughter was not uncommon, especially when the person dying had thought they were above such mundane things.

What did surprise me were her eyes. Still glinting mischievously, even with only seconds left to live. 

"One more remains."

The words hung ominously in the air as her life force faded to another realm.

I removed the knife from her gut where I had left it. It was a long, wood handled knife that had belonged to my father, a hunter. The only thing left from a life lost to the millennia. Its sharp blade, red and turning sticky with blood, shined in the sun. It had never failed to kill whatever I turned it on. Except me.

Swiftly, I drew the blade across my throat. The metal dug into my skin, into my jugular, and across in one swift motion. I felt the pain and heat of my blood with glee, saw a beautiful red jet arch across the blue sky, before everything went black.

'Yes' I thought, 'One more. Me.'

-----

When I woke next to the body of that wretched, decreped woman I was heaving. Something about being brought back from the dead always had that effect, as though expelling the contents of my stomach itself were what brought me back.

At first, there is a feeling of elation. Some sort of natural high that no drug in this world has ever come close to. So powerful and addicting that I once spent a period of time doing nothing but kill myself over and over before even the novelty of that wore off too.

In my euphoria, I looked at the woman I had just killed in awe, and laughed until the high wore off.

When it did, I stood, picking up my knife with me, and spat on her.

Damn woman was right. One more remained.

The search continued.

------

It wasn't until three months later I realized what she'd meant. I had searched the globe for millennia hunting down every last human, causing wars, famine, and even on one occasion an outbreak of bubonic plague, just to annihilate the human race. An apocalypse, some would call it. And I'm sure they're mostly right. But the kills weren't malicious. I had seen the entirety of human behavior for long enough to know that people were mainly good. I didn't want them to die. The human race was fascinating and beautiful. We built, persevered, and adapted. And mainly, we were kind to one another.

But I deserved my end, too. Thousands of years of seeing not only the best, but also the worst, of mankind will make you weary. And I was tired. I just wanted to rest. So, I set about wiping out the human race.

Now, three months after I thought I had done exactly that, I realized that I hadn't. 

The "permanent" birth control option I had chosen 600 years ago has failed. Reversed itself, I don't know. I'm not a doctor and everyone who would know is dead.

Vaguely I remembered the encounter. I had known he was one of the last men alive. And looking at him, he knew I was one of the last women. We spent the night in a heated frenzy without even speaking a word to each other, even to exchange names. I had just wanted a damn orgasm. Fingers and toys all pale in comparison to the electricity found between two human bodies.

I had killed him while he slept next to me before continuing on my quest, with the same knife I had used on the Witch.

The same knife I now contemplated in my hands.

Could I carve it out? The pain would be excruciating. Maybe a single stab would would do the job, and I could leave myself to bleed out and follow it afterwards.

Perhaps I could find some plant or even a medicine from the old times if I looked hard enough.

----

In the sunlight, his hair glowed golden, like my father's had. I remembered that, though just barely. He had to be about two now. He was just starting to speak in full sentences.

In spite of my intent to die, I couldn't follow through with killing my son. I kept telling myself I would, right up until he was born. Then I kept telling myself I would kill him right after, but I never succeeded in that, either. 

He was the light of my life. A beautiful, wonderful thing when for so long I had viewed life as drudgery. With more than 1,000 years under my belt I now had a reason to live.

What was another 100?

-----

While foraging for berries on what would have once been considered a farm, I slid down a hill with force and landed in some sort of primitive hunting trap. Blood gushed from my leg, and I knew by the sight of it it would cause me to die.  

My son had been left at home. Thankfully, he was safe. As the blood loss drew me away to darkness, I smiled thinking my curse had become a gift. I would be home a few hours late, but I would be home. I drifted slowly, feeling as if I was falling asleep....

I never woke up.