"One French press please. The beans from Zimbabwae."  The barista stamped my rewards card with a smile, something that faded as she saw the next customer come into the shop.


He came in with a strange swagger, careless yet determined.  White suit, black collared shirt with matching pants. He announced his order in the small cafe loudly. "I'll have what he's having."


Gesturing to a a set of seats, the man paid and followed me. The seats were obviously second hand with worn in pillows of seventies design.  The white and green with black outlines tracing around hexagons to form a geometric pattern comforted me as the new customer took his seat across from me.


The barista came shortly after putting a French press between us with two mugs of different sizes.  I thanked her quietly and poured the coffee.  Watching his movements, the graceful sweep of the hand to take the mug with one hand, the saucer with the other. I had a standard mug, no saucer.


His stubble was cleanly cut, finer than a razor.  his strange broom moustache was finely trimmed and his eyebrows plucked.  We sipped our coffees for a time, until I offered to grab any additional condiments. Milk. Sugar. 


Shaking his head, he simply finished his mug and poured his second cup.  There was only enough coffee for three mugs.  The barista confirmed our refill and I paid promptly. We were the only two customers now in the shop. As the barista made the next batch, I sighed.


"It's been some time."  Looking closer at his suit, you could feel the wind running through the silky lining of the tailored formal wear.  "Perhaps today is an occasion?"


"A funeral," he smirked.  The barista almost dropped the french press this time, quickly muttering an apology and retreating towards the back.  White on black. I feigned a smile.


"I guess your black wear is still at the laundry. Maybe you should get a new suit."  I slurpped my mug this time.  We were beyond pettiness, beyond cream and sugar.  "I don't think you could fit into the old robes."


Death rolled his eyes, turning them wholly black.  The skin evaporated into a smoke and his hair turned to dust.  His body remained unaltered but his face revealed his true identity.  "This is terrific coffee. I must tip the owners."


I looked in the direction of the barista.  "That's her. She owns this shop with her partner."  The silence lingered.  


"Well, it was nice seeing you. Thanks for the coffee."  Death stood, but did not leave. 


"How long." I stood. "What's the count."  


As we shook hands, he whispered to me, "Four thousand three hundred twenty years, three months two days and one hour."  


"Since I was supposed to die? I've stopped counting."  I leaned in closer.


Shaking his head. "Since I cared about our bet. My robes still stink with the mud from that day."


He turned to leave, his human facial features returning. I warned, "It's going to rain soon. Mud will be everywhere."


He jested in return, "It always is. Enjoy your life."  