My parents were both flyers. My mom was born in the back of an airplane on a transcontinental flight. My dad was born on the back of a car near Mt. Saint Helens, to my arboreal grandparents, and they never figured out why he was a flyer. Worth noting flyers are pretty rare.

Naturally, being in love with the sky they joined the space program. There's at least 40% of the population that don't have powers. Everyone's supposed to of course, it's just genetics, but a faction within the government had an experiment go afoul and basically neutralized the powers of a good number of people, and it continued generationally. My grandfather was one of the heroes who took those people down. But this isn't his story, it's mine.

Like I said, my parents were in the space program, and were sent on a one year mission to commission the new United Earth Space Station, built off of the original ISS. They didn't tell NASA my mom was pregnant with me and I guess nobody bothered to check. Luckily the new station had artificial gravity and some pretty advanced medical features, so my birth as I'm told went off without a hitch.

-------------------------------------------

When we got back I was international news. Not only were people wildly speculating on what my powers would turn out to be, but a birth in space was itself historic. It took moving to Hawaii to get away from all the press at the door all the time.

Most kids find their powers around 5-6 years old. I didn't discover mine until I was about 8. It was a pretty traumatic experience.

Most people who have powers are set in a single range or element. Desertborne people usually have powers related either to fire or earth. People born at sea are great with water. Most Russians have snow/ice powers, but like I said it's limited like that. 
Mine were different.

I had a pet cat who followed me religiously. One day I was outside, petting him, when he ran up a tree and hissed at me. I tried to get him down, and when I stretched out my hand, he started to wail until he couldn't anymore, and his body crumbled in on itself. Then the tree did. Then a good chunk of my backyard. I was so freaked out I broke down crying, and my parents did their best to console me. But gravity manipulation was only the beginning. 

My first girlfriend controlled storms. I remember when I met her she was upset, her best friend had been in a car accident. It was raining terribly, and lightning struck everywhere. I instinctively touched her face, I don't know why, but it instantly calmed her, and when it did the light of the sun shone brighter than any natural occurrence.

By now, my full range of powers consists of not only controlling gravity, but also light, tides, and through combined use, the passage of time. I can create pockets of air for myself and keep my body stabilized in the vacuum of space. I warp spacetime to explore the universe and can be home in time for dinner. But I couldn't remain hidden forever. 
Remember those government factions I told you about?

About a year ago they convinced world leaders that my power was too great, that I was too dangerous to be free. I became public enemy no. 1. My parents were incarcerated and killed. I left Earth for a while. I came back yesterday to avenge their deaths, and things have really changed.


PART 2 AND 3 IN COMMENTS