As he crouched, waiting, Ted thought about the past two weeks. It was hard to imagine it had been two weeks already since the owl came, two weeks since his calm life as a biology professor had come crashing down on him. He had always felt his daughter was special, but doesn't every parent believe that? So when the letter came, his first instincts were skepticism and disbelief. A magical school? A world hidden from the so called ‘’muggles’’ he was supposedly one of? It had to be some sort of far fetched prank surely. 
His disbelief had diminished when the letters continued to come, in increasingly magical ways, resulting in the 5th, which was delivered by a giant, to convince him to enroll his little girl. After that, the memories started to come. The surprisingly friendly giant told him that he was supposedly famous in their world and their ‘’ministry of magic’’ -or whatever they called it- felt he deserved to know, now that his daughter would enter their world. The memories of creatures, truly wonderful creatures he slowly started to regain had blown his mind and filled him with excitement and joy. But that was before he remembered his first discovery. 

Ted’s thoughts were interrupted by a very soft thud from the other room, and adrenaline shook him awake. This had to be it, the beast which had caused him and his wife so much despair, had been the cause of so many arguments, so much sadness. The beast which always took the one, but left the other to find, which caused mysterious disappearances all over the muggle world. 
He reached behind him, palms sweaty, for the tranquilizer gun which he had borrowed from an old study-friend, now zookeeper. He took a deep breath as he tried to steady himself, and slowly started making his way to the door. Ted quickly prayed to the gods it would take the creature out, he had never been a religious man, but with the existence of magic and monsters confirmed already, he thought a quick prayer should not hurt his chances. He wiped some sweat from his forehead as he finally reached the door, and steadied himself one last time, preparing to throw it open. 
This was the night he ended the monster’s reign of terror, the night he took revenge for all the things it had taken from him, this was the last night the creature would make his damn sock disappear from his washing machine. 

(My first ever attempt at a writing prompt, please be merciful) 