It took a few moments for his eyes to focus on his surroundings. The ice and cold still held him in a frozen embrace. It took a while for the shakes to subside before an outstretched hand helped him out of the cryounit. There was four of them. One of them must have been the Captain. 

"Capt- you're alive? How - long?" 

There was no immediate response from the people in the room and the one that helped him moved to remove their helmet. The first thing he noticed was the ashen looking skin and slightly long and curved ears. Even the chin looked a little more pointy. The three other people did the same. They all looked similar although some seemed to have a more silverly look. The bald one that had helped him out of his pod scanned him using something on his wrist. 

"You're vitals are fine. Be grateful. You had another year at least. This base has been running on low power for a while." 

"You speak -"

"Most human languages. And I thought we had a few dozen but it's not easy memorising them all. So we stuck to the ones common throughout Earth's history. Although we are a bit rusty on some - how do you call them expressions? We don't understand fully some of the meanings." 

"Wait you know about the Earth? Then tell me why did they abandon me." 

The alien managed something close to a frown before making a clicking noise to one of their companions on the left. 

The left one was taller and had shoulder length white hair. They sounded female. "A crisis happened. Started on the satellite orbiting the Earth. We only found you because one of scout ships got caught up in that mess. We just can't escape those foul creatures it seems." 

"I don't understand."

The lead alien grabbed him by the shoulder. "We'll explain more once you're on our ship. For now get your bearings. After all not every day you meet friendly aliens." 

"Yes, that's true, " said the Lieutenant. "One more thing, about this crisis please tell me I'm not the last human." 
The four aliens stared at each other. "Of course not. Your specie had a minor parasite issue. Happens to us all."

"Speaking from experience?" 

"Not personally but yeah, what happened to the base on that satellite. We've encountered creatures like them. They ravaged our systems. Thankfully you humans haven't gone interstellar. Means we can figure something out."

"You mean kill it?"

The alien laughed. "I wish it were that simple."

"So my team, what happened to them?"

The aliens all said nothing. 

"What do you think happens when resources dry up."

The lieutenant's shakes had returned and the alien sighed before hugging him. "Sorry, the last thing we should be doing is agitating you further. Get acclimatised, we'll be leaving in a hour." 

