Two weeks ago my life change forever. I'm still trying to piece together how the accident happened, but the details seem just out of reach. Each day I focus on a fragment of what I do remember, like the music that was on the radio, where I was going, hell even the day of the week still escapes me. What I do remember is getting in my car and then waking up in the hospital two days later.  

That is when it started. I would see shadows almost like a blur behind people as they moved. Sometimes in bright light, it would appear like a lens flare from a bad movie. Sometimes I would even go deaf, hearing only the cacophony of silence, just a void of every sound, then it would come screeching back a moment later. The doctor said acute amnesia and sensory problems are common with head trauma, but I just wanted my life back.

Now on the road to normalcy here I was on the bus. Would rather have my car but, It's not so bad I guess. I get to people watch. It is a hobby of mine I picked up at school where I would sit in the quad and observe people. Sometimes I would spend an hour or two imagining what their conversation was about. Pitfalls of being a psychology major I guess. That was the first time I saw her that day.  

It was hard not to notice her with green dyed hair, black leather jacket. Even the high top red sneakers she wore screamed 1980’s style punk rocker, but still, her face was familiar in a strange way. I had always drawn up scenarios in my mind, almost like a character in a movie of how these people would be.  

Now she was sitting two rows in front of me on the bus. I wanted to get up and maybe even strike up a conversation, but I was so different from her or at least what I projected her to be. Khaki pants, sweaters, and loafers were more of my style. But something compelled me to talk with her, a gut feeling really. 

As I approached the seat, she faced the window. I sat down next to her but she didn’t react. 

“Hi, I’m Alex,” I said. She didn’t move, just kept looking out the window. I cleared my throat thinking she might not have heard me. “Hello,” I said louder.

She turned and looked forward still not responding to my voice as if I wasn’t there. Maybe she was deaf. I raised my hand, waving to get her attention. She looked at me. Her eyes, an icy blue color, locked onto mine in shock. 

“You shouldn’t be able to see me.” She mumbled. Her hand shot into her jacket and she pulled out a small device which I thought was a phone. She looked down and started tapping on the screen.

“What do you mean, not see you? Why wouldn’t I…” 

A shadow-like blur moved around her before a flash hit me, then silence. She was talking into her device but I couldn’t hear what she said. I tried to speak and my mouth moved, but no sound came out. I looked to the seat on my left, which was now empty along with every seat on the bus. 

My stomach fluttered before devastating nausea consumed me. I rolled off the seat clutching my stomach. The pain seared through me like I was being split in half. I opened my eyes to see her stand and walk past me towards the door still talking on her device. She looked back with a concerned look before exiting the bus.

A bright flash hit me as every sound violently slammed against my ears. I screamed.

“Are you okay?” I looked over to see the concerned face of an elderly lady staring at me. 

I was back in my original seat. I nodded while sitting there trying to comprehend what just happened. Everything was as it was before I got up to talk with the green haired girl except she wasn’t there now.
