I expertly avoided eye contact as my boss glanced at me from across the office. I had only been at this job for about a month, but I was already quite proud of my ability to maneuver the office social sphere. This was my first “real” job- I had been plucked from an internship at the United Nations where I must have been doing some bang-up work, because they upgraded me to be one of Earth’s representatives in the United Solar Systems. Honestly the same thing as the UN, but on a much bigger scale. I’m doing nothing important, just the usual desk job and paperwork, but it’s still pretty cool. 

My boss started walking toward my cubicle. I switched tabs.

“You’ve had two weeks to write your grant proposal, Jim. Our presentation is this afternoon; I need it on my desk within two hours,” he said, before retreating to his office.

Well, that’s all I need to hear. I quickly opened a blank document and started reviewing my compiled research to figure out the best way to shove my sources onto the page. Two hours? I’d done a lot more in fewer. Back in my college days, I used to pride myself on completing final papers within the hour or so they were due. My motto was always “why give more, when your average is better than everyone else’s best?” Cocky, I know, but have you seen some of the kids in a college class? Come on. Those kids are not life’s finest.

I shook my reminiscing away. I need to focus. This was the first big paper I was putting my name on, believe it or not. And it was a proposal to set up an inter-dimensional telescope, with the most advanced races within the galaxy pitching in to help with funding. (I wanted to call it the ‘Hubba-Hubba-Hubble ‘Scope’, but that got vetoed.) It supposedly would help us crack the most challenging mathematical aspects of the universe, letting us calculate fifth-dimension attributes in the spacetime continuum. At least, that’s what I understand it’s supposed to do. Honestly, all I’ve done is the research. Well, I'm supposed to have done the research.

An hour and a half left until it was due, giving me enough time to check my galactic mail (g-mail, for short) before I really have to get to work. Free food in the break room, ads for heli-boots, a memo urging the office to attend the pot luck sponsored by the communications department, Betsy from HR’s son is selling meteorite stones for his school, but nothing important. I clicked ‘mark all as read’ and closed out.

One hour to go. I took a deep breath and looked at the blank page. I turned to the sources I had found weeks ago. Ah, yes. There’s that familiar panic beginning to creep into the pits of my stomach, as I realize that this is a lot more work than I could possibly shove into one document during an hour. No time to panic! “A due date is just a do date,” I always said. I took a second to ball up the butterflies and shove them into a corner of my large intestine, and began to write.

Forty-five minutes left, I took another breath and tried to organize my thoughts as I wrote.

Thirty minutes left, my heart was definitely skipping more beats than was probably life-sustaining. I stop myself from looking up the average rate of a human heart beat.

Twenty minutes. I took a second to wipe a bead of sweat off my forehead.

Fifteen minutes, and I could definitely feel my heart in the pit of my stomach. Which is not normal, probably.

Ten minutes? I’m standing, typing faster than I can think but trusting my fingers to get the job done.

There’s an entire conclusion to write with five minutes left- do I need an entire paragraph? No, a sentence or two will do. Is it “compliment” or “complement”, do I mean “definitely” or was it supposed to be “defiantly?” Does it matter? I’m typing as fast as my heart is fluttering. How can anyone in this galaxy say humans are weak? Look at me, crushing this. 

One minute left. One sentence to go. I sense my boss’ door opening. His feet are walking closer. An alarm is sounding, but it’s all in my periphery. I don’t have time to pay attention, I still have to type my name.

My fingers slip off the keys in a hasty rush as I fumble trying to send the report to my boss’ i-glass device. My boss has appeared next to me, a frown on his face. I’m grinning ear-to-ear, out of breath but proud at my completed work.

“You were such a promising member of the team, Jim,” he says, disappointment in his eyes. “You could have done well with us, but every single time we entrust a homosapien to complete a task, you guys end up arrested.”

“Arrested? I just sent the completed proposal to you, I don’t think we need to go to such extreme lengths,” I laugh. Why is everyone so serious in this place? And what is that god-forsaken alarm?

“No, Jim. You’re in direct disobedience of Galactic Code 30087- possession of the illegal drug AD-Ren-10.”

“I have no drugs in my workspace at all, you’ve got to be mistaken.”

“Really? Then explain the spike in your heart rate and the increase of palm sweat collected by your mouse. The only explanation is that of which you earthlings call adrenaline.” 

“Adrenaline? You’re kidding right?” I question him as I raise my eyebrows. “This is preposterous. How is that even a drug?”

“According to the Galactic Code, the rush it gives is illegal. As part of the U.S.S. we expect every employee to obey Galactic Code. You were given a copy of both the Code and our expectations the day you started. Here is your signature saying you read both copies and have retained the documents in your private collection.” He pulled up an image scan of my stupid name on the papers HR had shoved into my face my first day. I curse Betsy under my breath.

I mean, I wasn’t arguing that I signed it. You kinda don’t get the job without signing the paperwork. I had just assumed the documents involved normal things, like no porn on the company computers or always attend mandatory meetings or don’t eat labeled food from the office refrigerator. I’m pretty sure you don’t get paid if you don’t sign them, right?

The security officers barged into the office and were in the process of tightening an electric clasp around my wrists. I sighed. I probably should have read the damn papers.

