It took about a year to get all of the paperwork squared away and to sink into my homeless lifestyle unnoticed.   The papers all chronicled the mystery of the vanishing millionaire.  "Robert J Conrad's plane crashed "  "Millionaire Missing - Feared Dead".  "Search Called Off"

I let them speculate about what happened to me because I knew the truth.  The money was only a perk.  The lifestyle was the real deal.  Living like a king on sheer reputation was the richest high. Finest tables everywhere just by whispering, "it's for RJ Conrad".  The women, the travel, the parties... It was a grand ride for sure.

I wanted to give that experience to someone, but they would need my money first.  I wanted to leave my vast fortune to a random kind stranger, but it was getting more and more unlikely that I would find someone.

I had been sitting on the street corner in front of my favorite 5 star restaurant for a few months, getting weaker and getting despondent.  They chased me off, but I kept wandering back.  I knew the Maitre D wouldn't recognize me because in my arrogance I never looked him in the eyes.  I regretted that, but I was too full of myself at the time.  I hoped that whomever got my money would correct my mistakes.

And as I thought about how I pushed away all my friends and family all of my life, my thoughts were interrupted by a $20 bill and a newspaper.  "Here ya go, old man, you look hungry".   I took the paper and the money and watched this well dressed older man nod at me as he walked to the front door.  

This was it! This was the one that I would give my vast fortune to! As I approached to inform him I heard the Maitre D whisper "It's for RJ Conrad" as he sent the staff to make a table.  The well dressed man walked in and was whisked away to the table.  The paper fell from my hand and as my eyes went dark I saw the headline  "Robert J Conrad Found" with a huge picture of that well dressed man.

I'm sad to say that my last words were clearly "What the Fuck? "