"Can you hear that sound?". I shook my head, willing my eyes to betray nothing of my anxiety. The sound came around again, whenever the blacksmiths calloused hand hovered over the steel clad boots sat atop his thick, wooden work surface. He looked at the boots, then at me. Confusion furrowed across his leathery face, thick eyebrows came together. Confusion, tainted with suspicion.

"I think it's coming from outside", I ventured. Worth a go, all things considered. But the blacksmith moved his hand over the boots and, once again, a whimpering sound came out. His brows parted, realisation, revelation.

"This is enchanted isn't it!?", anger quickly spilling across his thick, rugged features. From beneath his beard, I sat his jaw set. "These are the bloody bawling boots aren't they!?" he roared. The boots could no longer hold their composure. 

"I HATE THAT NAME", the boots screamed. Water flooded out of the ankle covers, spilled onto the work surface and was accompanied by an awful din. A sound somewhere between a feline brawl and my wife's drunken rendition of a folk song. An auditory rock and a hard place. The blacksmith had stormed over to his axe, a great, blackened steel weapon. The end was razor sharp but chipped and scratched. This wouldn't be the first time he had dispatched of an unruly customer.

"Stab him, quickly!", came the hissing from my waist. I looked down and the pommel of my longsword shook with each word. My stachel spoke next, adding to the chorus. "Honestly, stabbing. What is this, 206AD? Hex him, as is befitting your capabilities". It was that damn spellbook. The sword responded and, an all too familiar back and forth went on.

"Ignore that damn book, stab him. Right in the neck, go on. Bet he bleeds good... yeah...". The sword muttered to itself for a minute and I could have sworn the pommel grew a little. The spellbook explained the importance of magic, the sanctity of its use. The sword told the spellbook to go f*** itself. 

The blacksmith had lost most of his anger now. His axe hung harmlessly by his side as he watched the interchange. The boots were still squealing all the same. "Get him away from me!! Help! Help I'm in danger!! He has an axe!!". That was when... that damn shield came out.

"DANGER. DANGER. DANGER", it screamed. "Form an orderly line and exit the premises. All humans, objects enchanted and plain, I am here to ensure your complete and total safety. Watch the step on the way out. In fact, stay where you are while I assess this step. There are 400 deaths a year in this village from rogue exits without the proper signage. We will not become another statistic.". It tried to wriggle free from my back, but I had wrapped extra leather around its middle, so instead it shook, giving it the fitting appearance of a large, metallic alarm. My shoulders fell and I heaved out a sigh. They wouldn't shut up for hours now.

"Scissors beat paper!", hissed the sword. "You are so far beneath me", droned the spellbook. "AAAAAAAHHHH", wailed the boots. "Are you wearing that scarf I got you?" finally emanated from the shield. It was all I could do not to cry. 

The blacksmith's posture had changed. Quite the journey, from brandishing an axe to feeling inside a cupboard and producing a bottle of amber liquid. He fetched two stone cups from the side and placed them onto the counter. "You look like you need this", he grunted, shoving the boots aside and filling both beakers with the Dragon's whiskey that he kept for the toughest of times. First, the great war. Next, his divorce and now... well, now he just wanted to drown out that damn noise.