“Just sign this paper, and I’ll take you to your room.”
Her name was Lizzie. She was blonde, and looked not much older than 19. I could tell that she was tired, despite her making the best attempt to not look tired.
The facility was fairly busy. I heard a man faintly yell “Well, what the hell does that mean, doc?”
I signed the papers. Writing in my full name age, and some other details, “John Smith. 37. 5’6.” 
After that, she led me to room 198B.
“This will be your room for your stay. I’ll send someone to do a checkup on you, but don’t expect to stay very long.”
I nodded, and she left the room. I looked around. The walls were a pleasant blue. There was a painting on the wall. It was one of a rainy day in a city. The city looked like a combination of Chicago, Seattle, and New York. I looked out the window. 
Across the street were some stores, selling everything from records to ice cream. I though about buying an album from the store. Maybe the new Pink Floyd album. Or maybe I’d try something else. Then I’d head over to...
“Focus, Smith!” I screamed at myself in my head.
You aren’t here to wonder about records or ice cream. You are here because you’ve been seeing ghosts. I thought about what bought me here. 
It all started when I saw Mrs. Vance, my old teacher. I heard that she died around the end of my Sophomore year of high school. 
Then I saw Mr. Hommel, the old record store owner, organizing some records in his store. He’s been dead since I was 9, and I only have vague memories of him selling records, and occasionally plugging in his guitar to play music. He had a fender, and it was a slick black. 
The last ghost I saw was my grandfather. He died two years before I was born. The only photos I’ve ever seen of him were ones of him were of him at family meetings. As far as I know, he never smiled, and often kept to himself. I saw him today, staring at me from a distance, with the same poker face that I saw in every photo of him. When I recognized him, he walked across the street, and disappeared out of my view. I quickly ran here, worried about my mental stability. I calmed down after the first 30 minutes of waiting at the facility, then I had trouble thinking about why I was even here after the second 30 minutes.
Suddenly, there was a knocking on the door, to which I responded with “Come in.”
A redhead nurse came in. Her name was Amy. She looked a couple years younger than me. She went through the standard testing procedures, like checking my ears, listening to my heart, breathing in and out. She also had me count to 10, describe what I did last monday, and some other stuff. She then told me that Dr. Kelley would be with me in a bit. She then walked out, and I was with myself again. After five minutes of nothing, I suddenly felt very tired. I fell asleep less than a minute later.
I was jolted awake to a knock on the door. “Come in.” I mumbled lazily.
The door knob turned, and the door started to creak open. As the door opened, the lights started flickering. As soon as the door fully opened, the lights went out entirely. I was no longer in the lively mental facility I was just in. The chattering that I had heard a second ago died, as shadows do in the night. The lovely blue walls were no longer blue, and were now a blank white. The window I had just looked out of was covered by multiple wooden boards. I pried the boards off of the window, flooding the room with light.
It suddenly hit me, that I was in an abandoned facility. There was no one else here. There had been no one here, for at least 30 years. I ran like hell, not caring about anything. I could hear Roger Waters in my head, screaming “You better run!” which I did. 
I ran all the way home, unlocking the front door, slamming it, and trying to comfort myself.I started screaming at myself. I couldn’t tell if I was actually screaming or if I was screaming mentally. After around two or so hours of screaming, I calmed myself down a bit more.
I had just spent the entire night in an abandoned mental facility. None of the people that I saw were real. I questioned my sanity. I questioned everything. 
In the end, I broke down and spent the rest of the day sitting in the corner, crying to myself. I was either insane, or I had a really overactive imagination. I hope its the latter.
Its been around 5 years since this incident, and I have stabilized (somewhat) my life, but I still question it every day.