Andrew was dead within seconds.   


I knew who he was and he seemed to have an leery story to tell.  I didn't even begin to ask, he just came up to me and said "Andrew outgrew us", he paused. I began shivering at the sight of my friend seething in litres of blood. I felt a combination of the creepiest, weirdest, sadness I've ever felt experienced.   


And then the old man continued.  


"Listen to me Paul, Andrew was kind, funny, intelligent, he was a gentle soul, but what happend to him wasn't a sight of nobility. You know what they did to him?"  
"What?"  
"He was the first person to ever be implanted with a chip, it was a combination of AI and advanced quantum computing. He didn't just outgrew you and me, he outgrew everyone. This was the only way I could stop him by now his future self would be dead and with hope returning to everyone"

"What if they replace him with someone else"  
"That won't happen, I've this thing with me now. I can use it, everything, in time, everything will be fixed, but there's soemthing more to tell"   
"Yes?"  
"We are not in the real world Paul, you are in his simulation, inside one of his many series of worlds, you see what I  just said to you is something you programmed into his machines, I'm not you, I'm a program to let you know what to, to do this exact same thing to your past, to this same event, CAN  YOU DO IT?"  
"I just had my friend killed, and his warm blood splashed on my face , I can't handle all this".  
"You must my friend, go to the theatre down the street, you know the one we always went to, open up the third drawer from the ticket seller , you have no time, and don't worry there won't be anyone there. If you notice there isn't anyone anywhere"

Panicking and upset, I went to the theatre, drove past empty streets and rain. I got to the third drawer. In it it had a series of books, in it what seemed very similar to Andrew's writing. I read a couple of pages. I remembered now, I knew what to do. I opened up the  machines console, it's interface that was only accessible by an administrator. I logged out.   


I woke up in my bedroom sweaty , with a heart rate that felt sick. This was it, I finally did it, I cracked open my virtual prison. It was finally over. It was already done, the time machine. I hid it from Andrew, and disassembled and dispersed it just enough so that pawns couldn't figure it out. Like the old man said, I knew what to do to hack his sensors, his machine- survelleance. I took it down one by one, and I only had enough time for a day to access the time machine, until he realizes I'm not in the virtual world.  
One by one , piece by piece I began building the machine.  


//if anyone wants me to continue I will

&#x200B;

  


&#x200B;