     Patch was gently roused by the sound of waves and the smell of the salty sea. The small black cat poked his head out of a worn out vase to find that he was no longer bobbing along the waves. He had reached land. Patch had initially, drowsily stumbled into his favorite napping spot after his usual service as the rodent exterminator of the ship. He had completed his usual routine of trading carcasses for cuddles with the various seamen, and now he had woken up here. Patch excitedly sunk his six-toed mittens into to him the warm, golden sand. He recognized the potential of miles of virgin litter box beneath his delicate feet and scampered along the shore. Patch surveyed the surroundings and took his time soaking up the warmth of the island sun, and rolling on the dusty ground. Right as he found the perfect spot to do his business, he was startled by the crash of waves sweeping him into what he believed to be his doom. 

     With water rising over his wispy whiskers, Patch shut his eyes and held his breath. He thought of the happy times on the ship, purring in the captain’s warm lap, eating sardines from the sailor’s plates, even just basking in the sunlight on deck. He had wanted so badly to be on land for so long, but he would give up everything now to be in the dry, safe company of the ship. Resigned to his fate, the wet feline helplessly drifted amongst the relentless tide. When all seemed lost, Patch felt something solid come up beneath him, and then securely holding him like an old friend. Back on shore, the wet feline carefully examined the beast that was his savior. With rough skin, tinged with reds and blues, and a sharp crest that spanned its back, Patch had never seen anything like it before. His instincts told him to be afraid, but the brave cat knew that his new acquaintance was a peaceful being by form as the beast’s gentle mouth was only meant for harvest of vegetarian supper. The two curiously observed one another, scanning their contrasting features for a hint of what they were and where they came from. Their encounter was cut short by shouts from seamen beckoning Patch to return. The cat nuzzled his new friend, a combination of gratitude mixed into a bittersweet farewell. The beast seemed to understand, its mouth gaping slightly into a faint smile. 

     Patch watched the figure of the beast grow smaller and smaller from the ship. He would always remember the beast, keeping it forever immortalized in his thoughts and dreams. 
