I woke up in the carpark. Fitting, considering the last thing I remembered was flying through my windshield toward the McDonalds drive thru order box. I'd wanted nuggets. but the hookers in the back had kicked up a ruckus over some puerile shit regarding money and things had gone awry. Started screaming and thrashing. I lost control of the wheel. Car ran off the road, tore up the lawn like some dog from hell and next think you know there was an ungodly scream of metal and ...and well I guess you know the rest. 

What a night. 

I woke up in the carpark, with a headache. Couldn't tell if it was the booze or the crash but it hurt and the sun was beating down on me like some furious Aztec God. Except when I looked up, squinting, there was no sun. Just clouds and bright blue sky, lit from some unknown source over the horizon, which was a distant bastard to be sure. I shook the booze and pain out of my dial and looked around. Nothing but tarmac and regret. Oh, and there. A fuck-off big building looming up into those bright white clouds like something out of a comic book. 

I blinked. None of this made sense. A dream, I guess, but I looked at my hands and all ten fingers were there, clear as day and wiggling like little pigs. Damn. Nothing else for it. I walked up the building's oversized concrete steps and through the open door, checking one last time over my shoulder at that suss-as-fuck horizon. 

'Greetings sir,' said the bell boy. He was wearing one of those little tin soldier outfits. The kind monkeys wore in 90s. 

'Where are we?' I said, taking in my surroundings. The place was grand. You could tell by the piano, and the polished mahogany desk and the what must have been six inch thick plum shag carpet. Not to mention the paintings. Grace Kelly, James Dean, and I think that was Camus -- all larger than life and smiling timeless from out rectangles of burnished gold. 

'We're at the Hotel California, sir,' said the bell boy. 

'What?' I said. 'That's not possible. I was in D.C. last night.' 

The little twerp was trying to pull something over. 

'I think you'd better take a seat, sir,' he said. 

I was about to lash out, but there was something about the way he talked. Something practiced, like he'd said the same thing a hundred times before. 

'Would you like some wine?' he asked. 

'Fuck your wine. Tell me where I am.' 

'I already told you sir. You're at the Hotel California.' 

'If you're gonna lie to me you'd better--' 

I looked up at the paintings. Wait... didn't James Dean... 

I looked back at the bellboy. There must have been something in my eyes cos he said I'd better have some wine and clicked his fingers but my brain was clicking louder and faster and something crazy and I could feel a pressure welling in my chest like some infinite balloon and my breath was all shallow and quick. 

'I'm going,' I said. 

'But you haven't even checked in,' said the bell boy. 

'Well I'm checking out,' I said. I rose from the chair and half fell, half walked toward the door. It was still open, but outside there were no blue skies or clouds. No tarmac. No horizon. There was only darkness. Nothing. No stars, no moon. Just inky black, crawling out into forever. Blood beat through every hyperthyroid inch of me. 

'I mean technically once you've checked in, you *can* check out,' said the bell boy. I mouthed the next words as he said them, staring out into the void. 

'But you can never leave.' 

&#x200B;