The club was an oddity.  

Its room was set in one of the constructed areas of the the school, marked with yellow tape with a big “KEEP OUT” sign.  

At least, that’s what it looked like.  

Kevin, the person who introduced me to the club, laughed at my puzzlement.  He was dressed, as always, in formal attire.  While outwardly a frat boy, he was no such thing once you got to know him.  He rarely attended the parties, preferring the fraternity’s business occasions.  

“Do not worry.  You shall see.”

I walked past the yellow tape, opened the door, and saw a small bookshelf with a piano.  Kevin stride up, pressed the G key three times and the E flat key once, and the shelf swiveled open.  

A passageway, with a small cart on a track. 

We climbed on, and the scene unfolded before me.  An enormous portal opened out of thin air, and beyond was what could only be described as the modern version of Isengard.  

Thousands of men, dressed in slacks, training on a battleground.  An enormous base under construction, with a ring of shipyards.  A single tower spiked into the sky, black like midnight, with a rainbow covered waterfall 

“Welcome to the Conquest Club!  I’m Silver, the Secretary General for the club, and ostensibly the club leader.  However, you’ll find that each one of us has our own specialty.  When we conquer the world, we will share in our glorious victory.”  

He introduced me to a cast of people as quirky as Kevin, who turned out to be the personnel manager, with a perfect skill to mingle among the elite and the wealthy.  It’s where he goes every Friday.  There was Grima, the politician, whose ability to predict public responses and hack elections helped the club influence leaders worldwide.  There was Manstein, the general, who was a brilliant tactician, a chess grandmaster, and a man with connections to paramilitary groups all over the world.  

“Why me?  Why am I picked to join this club?”

Silver pointed to the shipyards.  

“Kevin saw your drawings.  You’re an engineer, and an ambitious one at that.  Don’t you want a chance to outshine Oppenheimer, Urza?”

Ah, those drawings.  The ones detailing the Warp-Bomb, a device capable of leveling half a continent.  The ones that called for a flying dreadnought, the Imperator-Weatherlight, bristling with planet range railguns and scores of killer drones.  The Tide, the Grey Goo scenario that could destroy all opponents, and the Hades, a super virus capable of slicing through even the most stringent security systems.  

I can do this here.  All of it.  I smiled at Silver, who grinned in return, and the light in our eyes reflected the fires of conquest and war.  

“I’d be happy to join you.  Let’s conquer the world.”  