They were putting the final touches on a cloning program that would introduce total immunity to disease and massively extended lifespan into the gene-pool. 

They had been studying humanity for a while, primarily through the internet since it proved to work really well with their AI. The concept of getting rickrolled, of getting duped, was actually quite foreign to them. 

It took them a while to understand it because their intelligence was too high to allow anyone to fool each ocher in their race. 

Naturally, they were superior, at each and every turn in their investigation. It only became more clear how direly this mankind species needed their help. 

And then the rickroll... What may be like a silly joke to us was like a cataclysm to them. They had given up emotion because it proved to be an impediment to their scientific advancement. After millions of generations without feeling, all of a sudden, an emotion began to ripple through their collective consciousness. 

They were telepathic. No magic or superbrain stuff really. They had just figured out how to create a brain/computer hybrid which allowed them to communicate with each other. That was another reason they removed emotion. It prevented their minds to function as one, which is what allowed them to be the first to do extensive intergalactic travel. 

The feeling of humiliation, if you were to visualize it, moved through their minds much like the shock wave of a hydrogen bomb. The damage increased exponentially and this was no question the end of their species. Their massive neuron-like constellation of brains was struck in it's Achilles heel. 

Though as their emotions erupted after ages of being dormant. There was no panic. There was no anger. No fear. 

Laughter, laugher everywhere. You could hear it echoing across the comchannels and the planets that allowed for sound to travel. For as long as they could remember their species had revolved around domination, exploration and technological advancement. Their reason d'etre. 

They sacrificed the joy of being alive for that quest. They couldn't even remember what they were missing, they had to make sure of that. Such memories would compromise their mission. 

Of course the rick roll was sent out because humanity had given up hope on ever  making contact. So many promising findings turned out to be disappointments. The issues in our world grew to the point were it was no longer feasible to spend any money on space programs. 

So someone thought it was funny. Ironic. To rig that thing with a rick roll. What difference would it make? Nobody cared anymore. We had given up hope. 

Ironic then, that this would be what prevented us from meeting that fated advanced race which would fix all of our problems. Even if they were only going to help us as part of a scientific investigation and they couldn't care less about our well being. That wouldn't have mattered. Imagine what life would have been like..

As the laughter continued to tear apart the fabric of their reality, like the most hilarious domino effect in the universe, it was time to make their final stand. They no longer had enough time to fulfill their plan. So they wondered what would be the most meaningful thing their species could do in its last moments. 

The command was relayed. With their last few heartbeats, they loaded the video into their cloning infrastructure. It was equipped with AI shuttles that would deliver said clones toward their destination. 
 
They wanted to return the favor. Their idea of a joke. As a show of gratitude they would take what they reasonably assumed to be our favorite joke and took it to the next level. 

For each person on the planet they made a replica of Rick Astley. Billions of little pods swarming towards the earth. We thought we were done for. They looked like rockets headed straight for us. We had less than 24 hours. The entire worlds armies assembled. They expected a fight. Ready to die...

The pods landed expertly, all at a very exact time. To account for the speed of sound to make sure that when everyones personal Rick Astley started singing they would all sing in unison. Making the earth vibrate. 

Billions of Rick Astleys. Rickrolling everybody. Ready to spread their genes and take humanity to the next level. 

In case you are wondering what happened afterwards. Well... things got dark. I'd rather not get into it. 