"We can fly across the *fucking* galaxy."

Xlorp continued to pout.

"We're in a fucking spaceship. We have lasers that could blow up *the moon*." From what they had learned of human culture, the moon was a common reference point for where men would one day punch their wives to. With a bang and a zoom, straight to the moon they said. They said it everyday.

"There was a bunch of other cool stuff on there too."

Xlorp rolled his thirteen independently blinking eyes. 

"Like, check out these gold plates. Fucking gold man."

"You know we only use bitcoin in space." There was no helping him, Xlorp could be impenetrably sour. 

"Yeah I know and it's super secure and everyone gets it - but like . . ." Turning it in his many grasping tentacles, the blades of hidden beaks embedded in it's flesh sliced along the record's grooved surface making funny sounds. 

"See that's fun!" Five or six different songs played in reverse.

"It's like a . . . like ahh . . ." I saw Xlorp's expression slump in the plate's shiny golden surface. "It's like a fun party favor. I don't know."

"I was promised *DINOSAURS*".

There was no arguing that.

"*Yeaaah*, buddy I know." Earth was proving to be a huge let down. About 200 million years ago we got some pretty rad dino-waves saying come on down for the party, and then all of a sudden nothing. It was one of the biggest unsolved mysteries of the known universe. A real shame. After all that time, just to find out Earth was nothing but a buncha' monkey-men that apparently liked to shoot space trash at decent god-fear alienfolk. 

The song was a little catchy I guess. More than once I caught Xlorp humming it under his breath. We had taken such comfort in those early days, knowing that space-rick would always be there for us. Never giving us up. Never going to let us down. Never turning around and hurting us. 

That he would never tell a lie, like that there were a lot of chill party dinosaurs. Or say goodbye like those said dinosaurs.

Earth was clearly a place where, people were no strangers to love and that they knew the rules of appropriate intergalactic telecommunications.

"Just tell me how you're feeling."

He didn't want to talk. "Don't tell me you're too blind to see."

"You know I'll never desert you." My completely platonic love and professional respect for Xlorp was too great for that. 

Though suddenly I saw Xlorp in a way I never had before. The folds of his greenish slime-belly caught the light in an alluring way. His mandibles gleamed black darkness. He was handsome, lonely, heartbroken.

"You know Xlorp, we've known each other for so long . . ." He turned to face me.

"Your heart's been aching, but . . . you're too shy to say it." I could see him blush. His thorax chirping and vibrating in the moonlight. He wanted to see those dinosaurs so goddamn bad. But maybe . . . maybe he wanted something more. 

"We both know what's been going on." I moved closer. Scarcely daring to believe my own courage. This was all so new to me.

"Stop it, don't tease me. You know the game . . ."

"And we're gonna play it." Just as our bone-dry exoskeletons began clacking together the entire universe exploded.

No one survived.