Sudden was my awakening, and when I opened my eyes I was unable to see much of anything in the dark surrounding mist. Much of anything other than a ghoulish skeleton in a tarnished purple robe. "We must make haste," the figure said in a raspy voice with no apparent jaw movement.

It began to float away and I scrambled to my feet. What was I to do in such a situation? Following it was the only answer apparent to me then. I followed it on and on, thoughts racing through my head. Where am I? Was this all a dream? What is he doing with that scythe? Wait... a scythe?

"Who are you and what is that scythe for?" I called out to the figure in darkness.

"The Reaper is my title and I am here to guide you to your final destination. This scythe is my tool for protecting. Not for harvesting your soul is it, but rather for protecting you from *things* in our journey." it pushed out in a monotone voice.

"Wait, Reaper? I can't be.... I can't be dead, can I? I've got to be hallucinating! This is all some sort of an elaborate hoax it is. I'm going to... sit! Sit here and wait until I wake up from this dream or hallucination or whatever the hell this is! Screw you and whatever you are, dream wizard!" exclaimed I.

"That is an astoundingly foolish thing to do. You must understand that we are crossing from the mortal to the dead world. We are in a dangerous zone full of heinous creatures I could not speak of! You must come with me, you must follow, or you will face a fate worse than death!"

In his attempt at convincing me he failed. I continued to sit. All a bad dream, really. Ha, could it get any worse?

It in fact could. I saw one of the *things* he mentioned. It was yellow and green and seven feet tall! It's skin was round and bumpy and its visage was disturbing. It's visage was two black holes with nothing to compliment. A dream! A dream this is! What is that thing going to do? Nothing! And then I'll wake up when whatever happens. That "Reaper"? Ha! Take me nowhere will he!

It is then that the Reaper took his scythe and enforced action against the giant corn creature. He slashed and slashed until it fell. Soon many began to appear and try to surround us. The Reaper grabbed my arm and lead us away. One of the corn creatures scratched my arm badly and then I truly realized this wasn't a dream. The scratch made me endure pain unlike any other. Might as well have cut my arm off!

Into the mist we rode, leaving behind the corn. I now understood the meaning of the scythe in his portrayal.

---

This is my first bit so please criticize me and tell me what you think!