"No no no no" this, cannot, be, real.

Those were my thoughts, but not my words, my mouth could hardly move to pronounce anything.

Tilting my head was such a painful effort, but I wanted to see her longer, the nurse, yes the nurse, her face looked odd, it was somewhat slightly different than any human I remember from my Coma. The ears, are not supposed to look like that, are they... Ah I needed to rest.

"10 years" before she added: "I know you want to ask that, you will be able to speak by the morning, and ask questions, now rest, and we'll talk by then".

The morning came, and I woke up as good as strong, I could sit, stand, sip from a glass of water, I could wear clothes on my own, and they were nice clothes, similar to last clothes I wore the day before, Ahm, I mean the last day in the Coma.

"Oh there you are nurse, I've waited for you a whole hour, why are you late?" - I said as soon as the nurse walked into the room.

She replied: "That is no way to speak to your nurse Sir, and you are not ready to stand yet. Return to your bed."

I chuckled, and the chuckle turned into a wide smile, and the smile turned into a laugh, a mad laugh. "Common! Those bastards cannot be for real... They should have knew that if I was smart enough to cheat on their lottery, then I would be smart enough to spot this cheap simulation." I said to myself.

The nurse approached me and laid her hand on my shoulder: "Sir, please. I told you to sit on your bed, do not let me change my behavior towards you".

-"Another behavior? hmm interesting. How many behaviors have they programmed into you?"

-"????"

-"Your skin feels nice, it feels like a real human's doesn't it" I said while pinching her upper right arm.

-"Stop doing this you prick, or imma slap you back into another coma" 

-"Sorry, look, I will go back into my bed, and start behaving, I am sorry, I just feel confused"

The nurse let a deep sigh out of her mouth, and walked after me to the nearby bed: "It's alright. Now sit please, why are you still standing, are you contemplating?"

And those, were the very last words that she said, before I suddenly turned around and hit her so hard on the forehead, so hard, as hard as I ever could, with the edge of the glass of water, after sipping what was left of it before her eyes.

"Behavior huh? you think I'm stupid you little dying shit?" - I said, before walking toward the window and sticking my head out of it, and yelling, while facing the sky: "IS THAT BEST YOU CAN DO? THE BEST YOU CAN DO? BASTARDS!"

I thought I got it, I thought I realized why all the lottery winners in my coma... I mean life... disappeared in vague circumstances, they must were all trapped in similar simulations, or maybe, we are all part of the same simulation. Regardless, I will roam this world, and I will get out of it.

Wait, maybe that was part of the rules?... Maybe the big prize was in a simulated world currency? No, no, I must be overthinking, I've read all the rules very carefully, and, I see no $20m lying anywhere in the room, I even checked under the bed, I must be overthinking.

"Huh, Blood?" - I said while watching it leak from the nurse's head: "Wow, this simulation is not so cheap after all, interesting, very interesting."

I kicked her head with my ripped classic shoe, and then I rubbed it on the floor, to scratch away the dot of blood that was stuck on it, but it did not scratch away, and I could hardly care. I just picked the nurse's numeric authentication card and moved on, toward the door, and into the big hall of rooms.

My vision was... blurry, and I could hardly see anything beyond two meters or three, but I could swear that was my mother coming from afar, holding what seems to be a bucket full of delicious food: "is, is that my sister with her? yes, I can see them clearer and clearer as they approach, it is indeed my mother and my sister, yes, wow, this is crazy, they even dared to simulate my family"

...

"Wait, I don't remember having a family in the coma?..."

"I... don't remember so many things, I don't remember my education, my neighbors, did I have no girlfriend? did no one care about me? or love me? what did I look like when I was a child or a..."

I started shivering, and panicking, and further panicking. I was officially freaking out.

"THERE IS A DEAD NURSE OVER HERE!! HELP, OH MARRY, MARRY, NOOO, CALL THE POLICE!!!" - yelled a doctor who just entered my room.

Every other nurse and doctor was running towards the place.

My mother, the poor old lady, left my sister's hand and sped up her weak pastes towards me, she wanted to reach me as soon as possible, and hug me, I could tell, her arms were spread wide open. 

Meanwhile, I could already hear the loud siren sounds approaching the building.

My poor lovely mother, what have I done...



Please excuse my moderate English!




