Despite what the papers will have you believe, her first kill really was an accident. Things were different back then, which was why Martha had been sent to work in the neonatal ward, even though she'd only really been trained in physical rehab and basic emergency aid for adults. 

Martha had honestly not known what to do when she was the only nurse on staff when one of the babies started coding, and she'd been in such a panic that she almost hadn't noticed the man standing next to the tiny cot with her. 

He, in turn, hadn't noticed her watching him until he had finished taking the soul of her young charge.

"You can still see me?"

It had been 20 years since Martha had seen the Grim Reaper. Even though years of therapy had long ago convinced her that her conversation with Death on that horrible day had actually been her mind's way of dealing with the trauma of seeing her brother drown. 

Despite all that, she still remembered his gentle demeanor and the gentle tone in his deep voice when he had comforted her on that horrible day. 
Seeing him again brought back all of the emotions she had felt that day, not only over the death of her brother, but for the reaper himself. 

Martha managed to compose herself quickly, and nodded quietly at him in response. 

"While it gives me no joy to collect such a young life, it heartens me to see that you took my advice to heart and are doing well. It is rare for someone of your age to see spirits, much less death itself, I hope you do not waste this gift"

He turned to leave, but paused and turned back to her. 

"Do not trouble yourself over the death of this child, much like the death of your brother, there was nothing you could have done. But do try to learn from it so you can be better prepared in the future."

Then he walked out the door. Martha tried to follow him, but when she entered the hallway, the only people who were there were the other night nurses, who pushed their way past her into the neonatal ward. 

As it turned out Martha had learned something from her first victim, but not what death had intended.
 Although her interaction with him had been brief, it only increased the feelings she had felt for him since her first meeting. 
After a long line of abusive boyfriends and failed relationships, Death, oddly enough, had been the only one who had made her feel at ease, almost like she had been his equal.

Although she had planned the next few "accidents" in the ward; the handful of deaths that had resulted were unintentional. Martha knew from experience that he would appear when someone was on the brink of death, but she hadn't fully realized how careful you had to be about your dosages when you intended to bring someone back from that, especially when it came to someone so fragile to begin with. 

He appeared to enjoy having someone to talk to who wasn't afraid of him, even if he also seemed disappointed in her. 

Eventually hospital started noticing the trend. While they wouldn't outright say that Martha or one of the nurses was behind it, they announced that they would only be employing experienced nurses in the neonatal ward, and that all nurses currently working there would either be transferred or given glowing recommendations if a place for them couldn't be found. 

Martha tried to get work at a hospice, or even an ICU with these recommendations, but HR looked at her qualifications (and her breasts) and suggested she might be better off in their children's ward.

Eventually she found a large hospital that was low on staff, but the closest position to what she desired they would offer her was in the Pediatric ICU. 
While not ideal for her need, she accepted. 

At first, it worked perfectly. While patients actually dying was rare, it wasn't uncommon for death to appear during her shift even without her intervention.
He seemed less disappointed in her, and more perplexed.  While their conversations were still enjoyable, they seemed to veer more towards her personal life, with death frequently mentioning how nice members of hospital staff in the hospice and adult ICU seemed.

However Martha still didn't take the hint. 

Martha started going back to her old tricks after a new doctor was assigned to the Pediatric ICU. The new doctor had better training, and actually listened to the few patients in the ward who could speak, which meant that he caught warning signs before they actually became life threatening. 

Death tried to stop this by heavily hinting that she get to know the new, handsome doctor better, but she ignored this. 

Death became colder and more distant towards her, but all this did was make her more desperate to summon him, in the thoughts that she had done something wrong.

All of the gentleness she had heard in his voice the first time she had met him was gone when he appeared to her for the last time. To her ears every word he spoke was as cold and definite as a thunder crack. 

"You have taken advantage of my loneliness at the cost of hundreds of innocent lives. If you continue this, you shall never see me again, even in death, and know that there are far worse creatures who collect souls than I"

He paused, and his tone became less harsh, but no less dispassionate
"You still have time to change Mortal, be greatful that you even have this much"
He disappeared, and that was the last time she saw him, and not for lack of trying. 


