A calm fell over her as she rose from the now fresh corpse that lay in the dirt. He would arrive, she knew that much. And so he did, dark robe almost blinking into existence, as usual, as he floated towards the man she had executed. 

"Not even going to look at me huh?" she asked, a disappointed and slightly ticked off expression on her face, with a matching intonation in her voice.

"Why would I? I knew it was you, acknowledging you here would be a waste of energy" the deep, raspy voice of the angel of death replied. "And anyway, our little talks have become rather boring, always the same."

She stood up, shocked at that remark, the moon casting a long shadow on the garden she stood in. 

"I, I dunno what to say..."

"If you have nothing to say, allow me to fill this empty silence. Your affection for me has driven you to a life that many do out of mental instability. You create more work that I must deal with intentionally for me to arrive and for this I have come to loathe your very existence." The voice rose to a higher volume as a sense of annoyance and aggression entered the atmosphere of the night.

This was supposed to be the night, *her* night but he just had to ruin it, didn't he.

"But, I love you, you took my heart as soon as I saw you take my grandmother's soul... She looked so peaceful afterwards and I have loved you ever since for doing that." 

"As you have said countless times before," he paused, ripping the soul from the latest victims body, "Always the same..." He shook his head in disapproval. 

"Fine then, I'll stop!" she blurted out, yelling at the top of her lungs. Someone had to have heard that. "But, I'll only do it if I get a kiss." She felt her face get hotter, she knew she was blushing but she didn't care. 

"Is that all? This wanton destruction will end with a kiss? Fine, if it makes you happy." Death said, hiding his eyes behind his bony hand as he rolled them.

She almost fainted, maybe the night was still salvageable. They moved closer together and kissed. She fell limp, her head lolling back as her soul was ripped from her body.

"She had to have known, the kiss of death is fatal..." Death said as hr floated away, carrying an extra soul under his arm as he disappeared once more into the darkness.