"DRINK, DRINK, DRINK!" I chugged the last of my beer to the sound of raucous laughter and applause. Normally I wouldn't be comfortable with so much attention, but Meg was watching, and I wanted to impress. But as I caught my breath, I remembered my rules. Keep it discreet, keep it honest. Those are the rules for someone with my condition, for someone who has to remember to be honest. The rules keep me alive, off the news, out of the work camps. Meg was coming my way. Keep it discreet, keep it honest. She looked so good in that skirt. "That was a lot of beer," she said. I wasn't sure if she was impressed or making fun of me. Maybe both. "Yeah, well, it wasn't *that* much beer." Her eyebrows rose a little. "For an Alpha Mu!" I caught myself. "I've seen brothers kill that much in half the time." Meg relaxed. "I haven't, but that must be something to see. My friends are playing rage cage, wanna join?" A simple yes-or-no question. "Sure!" The less talking the better. That last beer had dulled my senses and I needed to check myself. Meg grabbed my hand and pulled me to a nearby table with solo cups and ping pong balls. 


"Who's ready to rage?" One of Meg's female friends cheered. Just like that, the cups were filled, consumed, and placed as targets for the ping pong balls. Meg's friends were adept at this game, and had no trouble stacking my cup over and over again, causing me to drink more and more. Before long I was having trouble standing. "I think I should take a break" I slurred. Meg put her hand on my shoulder. "Are you feeling alright?" Without thinking, I answered, "Yeah, I'm fine, really." Everyone froze. A ping pong ball bounced to the floor. Meg took her hand off me. "What did you just say?" Everyone was looking. I was too drunk, I forgot the rules. I needed to say something, anything. "I mean, I'm damn fine, I look *good*. You wanna dance?" No one else was dancing, what a stupid thing say. They were still looking at me uncertainly. Meg broke the silence. "Wow, I think you do need a break. Grabbing my hand, she pulled me away. Shapes and sounds blurred. Meg had my hand while I stumbled through the crowd, then we were outside, sitting on a bench. Meg looked extremely concerned. "OK I like you, but you need to be more careful. That's twice in the last half hour you almost fucked up." I felt like I was going to puke. "What are you talking about?" Meg squeezed my hand. "I know what you are. And for the record, I have seen an Alpha Mu kill a beer in half your time." I bent over and puked.