The sound of my hazard lights blinking echo through the car. In between each click seems like an eternity. Smoke plumes from out from the hood of my car, I can't feel my legs, but I can't help to smile. Something feels good, I'm not quite sure what happened to me but it feels like a good thing. As I crawl out the side of my car, the glass from my window gets stuck in my arms. The smoke is creeping down my throat, forcing me to cough uncontrollably. Once I clear the scene of the crash I can see clearly. My car smashed directly into an oak on the side of the highway. There isn't a town for 50 miles. I'm not worried about that right now though, all I can think about is the fact that I'm alive, and stronger because of it. I can't help but to gleefully smile as I walk down the side of the road, why do I feel so good? I couldn't have made it 50 feet before seeing something in the middle of the road. As I walk closer the figure begins to become more apparent. As I flip her over and see the blood rush down her face, the trauma comes rushing back to me.   


I killed this women.  


Not maliciously, there wasn't anything premeditated about it. It was just a bad accident. She was riding her bike down the road, headed to god knows where, and of course I was on my phone. Texting some god damn woman, begging for naked pictures, or a drunken night alone.  As all of this comes back to me I can't help but to feel more guilt towards my wife who has no idea about my infidelity, than I do towards this expecting mother I just struck down. What the fuck is wrong with me. I know that this is a horrible thing, but there's something deep down, something cellular in my body that tricks me into thinking that what I did was a good thing.   


I look down to my hands to make sure this is real, my arms are covered in now dried blood and shards of glass. More precarious however is the long dormant tattoo that's been on my wrist as long as I can remember. When I was younger, and I'm talking 15 or 16, it made me seem like more of a bad ass. All the girls loved a guy who had a tattoo before he was out of high school.  Shannon, Megan, Kacey, all of these girls flocked at the boy who gave himself a tattoo. Except, this wasn't true. I didn't give myself this, hell I don't even know what "this" is. Even in my first memories I am brandished with this rectangular tattoo. It's an empty box plastered right along my wrist. As I sit there staring at my arms, I see what I can only assume is black ink, fill a quarter of this tattoo, out of nowhere. No pain, no tattoo gun, it just fills itself in out of thin air. I know I should be freaked out, but just like the crash, my body promises me that this is a good thing.   


By the time the emergency responder's arrive, I'm long gone. By the time the police come looking for me I'm long gone. By the time my wife finds out about my infidelity and the crash I'm long gone. After that day I had an epiphany, that crash made me feel good, it made me feel more confident. Call me deranged but I felt like a better person after it. It was a rush beyond explanation.   


By the time the police realize that the killings are connected to the crash, I'm long gone. I used to question why murderers and psychopaths hurt people. It's not because they want to, It's because they need to. It's because once this bar starts filling up, you can't stop it. Doing bad things have always felt good, the worse the better, and now I know why.  


As I head down the highway in this stolen car, I gaze down at my hands gripping the wheel. I study my marking vehemently, for a second It looks full, but it's not. Not yet.