I'm typing this nervously, I'm shaking. Deleting and rewriting what I have to say. But nothing really seemed to prepare me for this. 
I am at a loss of words, I... I can't do this. 

You see, when I got to reading the fourth, maybe fifth comment I realized someone was sitting beside me on this bed, I don't need to look up to know who it is. 
You all know who it is. I'm just-

She started speaking. 

"You thought you made it huh? 

You thought that, after that night you just casually got up and undid that very tight boy-scout knot you taught yourself to do. 

You put your mothers ring and your dead dogs paw print in that cup next to that lavender and feathers huh? 
You thought you just sat there, staring out the window in disbelief and shame? 

You thought you did wake up, and when your aunt walked in your room you actually felt shock as she unknowingly passed the scarf inside the closet. You thought these past days were a reality, that all your classmates, your teachers, your family, all were ignoring you because of some fucked up reason you made up in your head? 

And after all of those wine bottles and four lokos you drank, you didn't stop and think that maybe, you should have died of alcohol poisoning? 
You really didn't think that you should be in the hospital, getting your stomach pumped or something? 

I mean, come on. 
We knew that after all that shit that's happened, the things you can't admit that happened, we knew that life didn't stop there. And I'll say them for you since you can't admit. Yeah, getting raped multiple times by different people, self harming, anorexia, bulimia, seeing your mom go to jail, seeing your brother go through rehab and relapsing, you being in NA and your constant lying and fucked up selfishness and, I mean the list goes on. You know what's happened. 
We knew that, that wasn't it. That life had an infinite amount of choices that you could find, and we knew that we were the only one that could find happiness for yourself, for myself. But. Here we are. 

You can look up now, stop writing on that useless thing. Stop trying to say goodbye to your boyfriend who you've mistreated over and over again. Slow down. You can trust me. After all, I'm here because of this post, you know. 
It's time. 
Hold my hand. 
You decided that that was it, and now we're here. It's okay, you can trust me. I'll answer any questions you need answers to on the way, 
it's over. 

All that suffering and faking we've done over the years. That's all we knew, how could we blame anyone. You missed who you used to be at one point. You don't need to miss anymore. Just accept. 
It's time to go." 