The curtains shrugged, their red cotton billowing as they parted. Behind them, a huge screen began to flicker with grey and white dots: the static of anticipation.

Tracey looked around her; she wasn't scared -- she knew where she was. Or at least *roughly*, she knew where she was. Mainly boys and girls sat on the tall, crimson seats around her -- a few older looking children too, but no adults. Just... freaks whose faces were a twisted abnormality of her own; who wore self-satisfied smiles as the tossed popcorn at each other and giggled stupidly. It was like flicking through a family photo album that had been half melted in a fire. She already hated them and their happiness. 

"Hey," said a boy next to her. "You're new here, right?" Tracey was about to tell him to *mind-his-own-damned-business*, when she noticed his smile. The boy's front tooth, on the left side, was chipped almost identically to her own. "My name's Andrew," he said. "Are you a Tracey or an Emily, or..."

He left a gap for Tracey to fill in. She didn't

The boy pushed his popcorn towards her; popped kernels spilled over the edge like a frothing wave.

"Do you want some? We can share -- it's not problem, I can always get more."

"Your tooth," she said, pointing to her own. "How did you?"

He giggled. "Same way the rest of us d-"

"Shh," said someone behind them. "*It's starting.*"

A moving picture appeared on the screen; black and white, like one of those movies she'd never watched fully when they came on television. The image was of a small town Tracey recognised. There were swollen, black clouds lurking menacingly over it, throwing their heavy burden down onto the town as if out of spite. As Tracey watched, the image panned in on the sprawling grey brick of the town's only hospital -- then went closer still, closer to the ground, until it arrived outside the hospital's wide front door. A voice began to speak as the camera rushed down sterile hallways; a voice deep and rich, with a resonance that sent a shiver down Tracey's spine.

"Emily Oates was born in the town of Thicket Springs, on January the first, 2004. As the small, former mining town battled against the worst storm it had witnessed in over fifty years, Julia Oates battled inside Saint Mary's hospital for something else entirely: her life, and that of her baby." 

"You might want to look away," whispered Andrew. "Most don't like this part, but personally... I like seeing what she looked like. It's better than the photos." He smiled goofily as he looked back at the screen.

Tracey glanced around the cinema; many of the children were covering their eyes or holding their popcorn bags in front of their faces.

The camera focused on her mother's straining face, as blood vessels inside her burst. On the tears that fell from her beaming face as -- for just a moment -- she heard her baby girl cry.

"This was a battle Julia believed she won," said the deep voice, sounding at least slightly mournful. "Even as her eyes closed, for a final time."

Tracey swallowed hard, determined not to let tears well in her eyes. She never cried. No. It wouldn't happen!

The film moved on: the funeral and the mourners dressed in black, smiling as they hovered over the pram. Her dad always there for her; feeding and changing and singing to her. Then, it showed a side of him she couldn't have known about back then; the manifested depression that he'd suffered on losing his wife. How when she slept in her crib, he never did. When his lullabies sent her to a peaceful sleep, he would take a bottle of whiskey to his room and drink until the sun rose or she cried out.

"I didn't know..." she whispered, not meaning to say it out loud.

"Of course not," said Andrew. "How could we have done?"

"We?"

"You must have guessed who we all are, right?"

"I...You're... you're other me-s?"

"Yeah. Like I'm the brother you never had. And you're my sister."

Again, Tracey wrestled back a smile. How she'd always longed for a sibling.

The narrator continued and the film moved on.

There was a roar of laughter whenever the baby on the screen giggled; more laughs as she grew older, and a little wiser -- when her dad asked her to eat her apple, and she responded with: *uh-uh, look what it did to snow white.* Even Tracey couldn't stifle a chuckle. There was a roar when the accident on the see-saw came -- and a lot of hands raised to soothe a phantom pain that had made itself known on their chipped front teeth.

But the laughter soon died as she grew older, and as the screen showed her father, sitting in his office with a pile of bills on the table next to him.

The audience in the cinema became hushed.

Her father picked up a coin and flicked it. It landed on heads. 

He cried into his hands and fumbled for a bottle of whiskey in the cupboard below.  

"What's going on?" asked Tracey.

"It's the day he decided... you know."

"Oh..."

"Yeah. That he couldn't go on like this."

Tracey didn't stop the tears this time. The girl -- that sweet baby on the screen -- was going to go down the same road as her. The loss of her father. Living with her uncle and... all that came with him. The school, the bullies -- no one believing. She ran a hand gently over her wrists.

Andrew must have seen her tears because he leaned over and squeezed her hand. "It's okay," he said gently.

"How!" she screamed. "How is it okay?" She flung his hand away and tried to get up -- but she couldn't. She couldn't move.

"Because we get a new friend. Because she gets a new friend, too. People that love her."

"That doesn't make it okay!" she yelled as hot tears and snot streaked her face.

"Maybe not, but it's what happens. And one day, this"--he waved his arms around the cinema--"this all changes. We all move on. Until then, enjoy the moments of happiness, and try to forget the bad."

"I don't want to watch any more! I can't!"

"You're not alone, Tracey. Not any more. It is Tracey, right? We've all been through it. *All of us*. The first time is always so difficult. And honestly, it's never easy. But know this -- you're loved. You always were, you know. He does it because he didn't want you seeing him like that. Because he wanted you to have a better life."

"...that's not what happened."

"It's what he hoped would happen. Your mother would have given her own life a hundred times over for you, too."

"I-"

Andrew took her hand again. "So would I. So would any of us." 

"Will- will this keep happening? Will there be infinite Emilys?"

"No. Eventually something different will happen. Maybe our mom will live, or something, and everything will be different. And when things change, when a Tracey or an Emily -- or whoever -- has a proper shot at life, we all move on. Until then, Tracey, we've at least got each other."

As Tracey looked at Andrew, there was sudden a gasp that filled the huge room -- as if every child had taken in a huge lungful of air all at once. Even Andrew looked in shock.

Tracey looked up at the screen.

"What made him look in Emily's room before going to the attic as intended," said the narrator, "we may never know."

She watched, as her father crept in and kissed Emily on the forehead.

"But whatever his reason, he decided he would change things."

There was an eruption of applause and cheering as the first bottle of whiskey was emptied into the sink.

"And change things he would."










