"Commander Trill? They're back at it."

The commander's stomach dropped when he heard his secretary's slightly muffled voice. "I'm sorry, can you repeat? Who's back at what?" 

There was a pause. Trill crossed his fingers, a stupid human superstition which had spread like the plague. Maybe, just maybe-

"You know perfectly well who and what I mean, Trill, sir."

The Orakon sighed in defeat, nearly crumpling onto his desk. Yes. Olaos was right. He knew perfectly what and who. 

"Just... Just let him in already..." He muttered before straightening up and trying to not look entirely depressed. 

It only took a few minutes before he heard the rather loud and obnoxious heel click and foorsteps in the hallway. 'Here we go again...' he thought, and one could've sworn a tear slid down his cheek. 

"Trill! How are you?!" Daveson, one of the human's representative, tried to sound cheery. Trill already had his face in his clawed hands. "Please just sit down." He mumbled. 

Daveson and his partner (in crime, as far as Trill was concerned), Alma, sat down in front of the huge desk. A few more seconds passed before the commander finally slowly looked up. 

"You know the reason for which you're both here today." The pair nodded. "Good. Then let me ask just one question." The two stilled. "Why." Trill looked so truthfully and deeply confused and desperate that Daveson couldn't do much more than give him a quirky grimace trying to pass for a grin. 

"Trill, listen-"

"No, you listen. Listen to this." He quickly pulled out the mail which he had scanned on their way to his office. "12 dead, 40 in cryogenic sleep. Daveson, why?"

"It's actually quite a funny story-"

"And it doesn't end there! We all wish it did, of course, but no, no... Daveson, listen to this."

"Trill-"

"40 destroyed structures. Of which 3 were from outer galaxy governments."

"I know it sounds bad-"

"I just want to know... Just.... Daveson, please, please just tell me... Why?"

This time around, Daveson didn't answer. He just stared down at his hands like a scolded child. Trill turned to Alma and gave her a look. 

"It has to do with racism, commander.."

"What? I thought you'd abolished race centuries ago?"

"We did too, except there was this hair counting machine..."

"Hair counting machine."

"Yes, and someone found a so said scientific study on the correlation of hair number and race... Depending on  if the number of hairs is an even number, odd nunber, multiple of seven, etcetera. A few radical groups took it to heart, sorted themselves out by so called race, found an experimental bomb, and..."

"Would you like to know something, Alma?"

"Y-yes, Commander Trill?"

"It's the 17th time this year you've been here. And between this time and the last three, not a single other species was sent to me for this kind of issues."

"That sure is... Uh..."

"Yes. Exactly as you say." With a bleary look at them, Trill turned on his glasses. "I don't believe you have any... Excuses?" Silence. "Very well then. My job here is done then. You may go."

Alma and Daveson shuffled out much more quietly than they had pranced in. Trill finished typing up a report and sending it down to Olaos. 

"Thank you, sir." Said the secretary. 

"Do you think they'll ever learn, Olaos?"

Olaos seemed to think for a moment. 

"I sure hope so."

"We all do..."