« July 1997. I remember that! We went in the Amazonian rainforest to study local wildlife but ended almost blank… And by ‘almost’ I mean ‘We reported a 3% decrease of the animal population due to poaching and lack of food resources’…”  

“You also discovered a subspecies of salamanders that grew accustomed to the rain season thanks to, and I quote YOU, dear ‘A wonderful mix of adaptation to the environment and hibernation’. That’s when you decided to call it a night and hit the sack and I hit… You with that spell…”  

This is weird. Everything of this situation is weird.   


This street is weird! With its walls moving, its stores filled to the brim with goods I’ve never saw before… What’s ‘Aconite fluid’ anyway? Herb? I’m a Zoologist, not a biologist!  

The people are weird! Why are they all dressed with long robes that would have been perfect in a renaissance fair! Why are they looking at me like I AM the one weird around here! Why is my wife, the first ray of light in my life, dressed like them? I don’t remember ever see her dressed like that, and she rock that dress! When I first met her and years after that she seems to have no sense of fashion!  

And I SWEAR people around me, especially kids, look at me with awe! I even had to sign an autograph for a star-struck kid! I don’t know them! And usually when people recognize me it’s mostly because I’m the only zoologist with almost unlimited funding that continuously come back with normal-to-subpar discoveries!


And WHY IS MY LITTLE GIRL RUNNING AROUND WITH ANIMATED BOOKS IN HER HANDS THAT…. Wait, is that book…Flying? 


“Okay… I think you have some explaining to do, dear…”


I turn my gaze on my wife, Tanya, who is sipping her drink (what’s with that color? It was green last time I checked!) at the terrace of the café she chose and casually turning the pages of a book called “Winston Alexandre, Muggle-zoologist extraordinaire”. When did anyone wrote a biography about me? Is all this some kind of joke?  

“Yeah, I guess so. Remember the first time we met?”  

“Vividly” I start with a smile on my face. “I just ended a conference about my discoveries in Nepal, which were ground shaking and you came to introduce yourself as my new assistant, courtesy of my sponsor, for my next travel in South America. Apparently, they were some strange sighting near an old abandoned temple and they asked you to come since you knew the place extremely well.”  

“Speaking of that, t’was a lie. I decided to come to keep an eye on you from afar and…Prevent you… For discovering too much. Those recurrent ‘strange sightings’ were from people seeing a female hippogriff that decided to give birth here, almost in plain sight. The Magi-zoology department was too understaffed to handle all the witnesses… Those birds are so noisy… And they hide well… And we don’t that that much about them in the wildlife... So I thought...”  

“Wait waitwaitwaiiiit” I say with a shocked expression on my face. “You were a… a plant?”  

“’Wasn’t the only one, dear. Remember Gabriel?”  

My mind wander to our “survivalist expert and guide” for that trip. A tough looking middle aged man with a lot of scars. Reliable, impossible to catch off-guard and with a knack for telling stories of impossible monsters that lurks in the dark.  

“He’s actually called Auran Splitter, Auror for the ministry. I worked with him for several missions before. Oh, almost forgot, An ‘Auror’ is some kind of cop for us.”   

My wife continue after seeing my dumbfounded expression. For the 7th time today, I counted them.  
 
“Remember those stories you loved to listen around the campfire, those seconds-between-life-and-death meetings in the wild? Those were all too real…”  

Letting that sink in, I continue to look at my surrounding. Our neighbor is watching a journal about events I didn’t saw on the TV this morning. A ‘Quidditch’ tournament? What the hell is even that? …Is the picture of the guy flying a broom… Waving at me?   

…Meh, not even in my ‘top ten of weird things that happened today’  

“But…Why me? If those things about hippogriff are true, why didn’t you send a proper team analyzing them? You said you already had people on it and since those ‘sightings’ stayed an urban legend I guess you people did a good job…”  

My wife suddenly looks guilty. Before that she was eyeing me with a way-to-obvious-for-my-ego bit of amusement, like watching a country kid taking his first journey in the big city, but her gaze lost its smile immediately.  

“That was… Pure luck, to be honest. Initially I was here for personal reasons. To see my mother before Apparating here, think of it as a sort of teleportation. But I recognized your name when I came in front of the convention center. Winston Alexandre is a keyword we were told to watch for when you stumbled on an Abraxan nest a few years ago. Think of a flying horse. They are not that easy to find, mind you, even if they live everywhere they just Never.Let.Humans.Come.Close.   
But for you, they did. Might have been the whisky in your baggage, but usually that’s not enough. You studied them for a week before departing to show your research to the world and… Well, we were lucky to find you first because the data in your books was so precise for a simple one-week investigation that you ended up with a surveillance team since then…   

So, when I saw that you were having a conference, I couldn’t help myself meeting the man himself. Since that expedition in Nepal didn’t ended with you coming too close to our world… I wanted to see your work when you were undisturbed by our… Man I hate that word… Surveillance.”


Those words hit me like a truck. It’s starting to make sense. The missing notes, the moments in my memories where I feel like watching someone else doing my work, the certitude I always had that something bigger exist in our world…


“But then”, my loved one continued, “You arrived at the conclusion. And you said those words: ‘Even if mankind think he knows everything, have already studied everything, the simple fact that a previously thought dead species was here, in Nepal all along, is the proof that there is still much to learn from the world, from those very animals. But there is still a question I cannot answer. A question only them can: do they want to teach us?’ Those words echoed on me and now you know why. 

So, I charmed your sponsor, the wizard way, so that he would send you to my future assignment, with me as your ‘new assistant’. Man, my superiors were pissed about that but I did persuade them to let you go with me. Then the fruit of your research blew them away… Not that you would remember it, though, which is sad because the face you made when you saw the hippogriff for the first time...”


She said the last part with a smile that melt my heart. I’m sure she’s doing it on purpose because that smile hit the spot.


“So… You’re a witch and lil’ Cecile here…” I take a look at our daughter, casually reading a book about potion making. “Inherited that from you… But there’s something I don’t get. You knew I would understand, even if you erased my memory, in my dream I see a lot of things that…’muggle-knowledge’ can’t explain and I already told you about those dream many time… Didn’t I deserved to know back then?”

Another guilty look from my wife. I guess there’s more to it.


“There's a reason… Well, make that four reasons. First one, revealing our nature to the outside world without a VERY good excuse, like Cecile hitting it’s 11-year anniversary, is forbidden and I agree with that.”  

“But why?” I injected. “Mankind can understand, we traveled, discovered America, settled Australia and…Oh…”  

Yeah, the light of anger in her eyes was all the proof I needed to understand. We kiiiiinda screwed up whole ecosystems back then.   

“Secondly” she continued, “do you remember what ‘humans’ like you do when they find something can be profitable?”  

Images of the Amazon rainforest came back to my mind.  

“Then, for the first place, do you remember what ‘humans’ do when they discover something can be weaponized? Or simply dangerous?”  

The flames my wife summoned at her fingertips drew the point across. Even if they refused to become weapons, wizards are not that many. Even if extremely powerful one exist, the sheer force of mankind’s number would have overwhelmed them. They would either comply and become weapons or would have been simply drove to extinction in less than a generation due to fear.  

“And lastly… Well, we don’t really bother about muggles problems. Most of us simply don’t care. There’s still some oddball like my colleague, name’s Weasley, that are extremely found of you guys, but the majority just have something better to do and…”  

“Excuse me…. Sir? Are you… Are you Winston Alexandre? THE Winston Alexandre?”  

My wife is interrupted by a young brat, 13 or 14 years old at most, holding a book in his eyes. I recognize it, it’s the same book my wife is holding.  

“Hum… Yes, I am, but what do you want?”  

“I KNEW IT! I KNEW IT! MOM! WINSTON ALEXANDRE SPOKE TO ME! THIS IS THE BEST DAY EVER! CAN YOU SIGN THIS PART!” The brat screamed in my face while holding his book before me.  

Curiosity taking over, I start to scrim through the chapter the kid was pointing to me. 

September 2006, apparently, I was in Ireland and studied something called Augurey… Wait, that doesn’t make any sense!


“Wait kid, in September 2006 I was in Ireland for my honeymoon, I didn’t study anything, right honey…”


My starting protestation come abruptly to a halt when I notice my wife trying to look innocent while evading my gaze. 



