My blood welled up in my lungs, and as I coughed up my lifeblood, I closed my eyes.

I opened my eyes again and gasped with surprise, feeling about my body. There was no more evidence of the plague, no more gangrenous limbs, no more weeping pustules. I looked up, and suddenly I was in front of the gates of heaven, their great golden arch half-melted by arcane energies. Before me stood a vast white plain covered in corpses. Angels and Demons and Humans piled high. I took a step forward, and appeared in the middle of it, and saw an angel plunge a spear deep into the heart of a demon, standing alone atop a pile of corpses. It turned to face me, and seemed to show surprise.

"A Human? I thought you were all recruited."

I frowned, and glanced about. "So... The plague... It was?"

"Made by us to recruit for the war. Come, Human. We must help God in the final battle" The angel reached out its hand, and I took it.

The surroundings disappeared yet again, to reveal a dark realm of an endless field of wheat, soaked in the blood of countless angels and demons. Above them all stood a figure, so massive it defied explanation. It grappled with a figure that seemed tiny in comparison, a speck of darkness. The angel frowned, and handed me its spear. "Human. It is not too late, we can stop this madness before-"

As it spoke, the tiny figure ripped a hole right through the body of God. God let out a keening sound, the ground beneath rippling and shredding itself apart. Everything faded out into endless blackness as the universe unmade itself. Yet I still was. I felt about in the darkness, and felt a hole with the tips of my fingers. I brought my head close to the hole, and saw through it a faint light. I felt a rough hand on my shoulder, and heard a whisper through the nothingness.

"m y  b i r t h r i g h t"

The source of the sound then started to gargle, the grasp on my shoulder dissappeared and the sound of the angel's voice broke through.

"Quickly Human, fill the hole! I can't hold him forever!"

With all my strength, I gripped the sides of the hole, and thrust myself through.

Three thousand years ago, a peasant woman in the mongolian steppes let out a scream, and the cycle was closed.