"At last we meet, Sir Barinmore."

The voice was as thick as molassus and deeper than any well. Bigfoot, or Aturis as he liked to be called, sat cross-legged on the ground before me.

His hair was much shorter than I had expected. Certainly, he was hairier than any man could be; but not overly so. It was coarse hair too, more akin to that of the Jack Russel Terrier.

I stood at the entrance to the cave, my mouth agape. How many years had I been searching for Bigfoot? How many promising clues resulted in elusive endings? In my search across the known world, I had discovered so many wonderful and fantastical creatures. I had been lauded as the greatest explorer to ever live, and received all the accolades, fame, and fortune that went along with such a grandiose title. The beautiful mermaid, which we had began calling Ariel, now sang to packed out arenas worldwide. The Last Unicorn had now been put down and sold off in parts. The vampires meddled more openly in human affairs.

But none of that meant anything to me. Not really. It was bigfoot that I had always wanted to find. Little did I know that he had been the ones to leave me each and every clue. Little did I know he had always been watching from close behind. All these years.

"It is hard to believe that it took you so long to reveal the others to the world. I intended this to be over much sooner." 

The eloquence of the beast stunned me. I had built up this image over decades of an ape only perhaps barely able to speak or understand language, yet here was Bigfoot speaking perfect English. 

Then it hit me. What had he meant when he said he *intended* this to be over sooner? Was Bigfoot trying to say that he had planned this? 

"What do you mean?" I asked, my mouth stumbling over the words. 

He sighed and said, "Do you not see, Alan? This is all  according to my design. I needed you to discover the others. I needed the legends to die." 

"But why?" I asked again. My curiosity was winning out over my nerves. 

Bigfoot got to his feet and began walking down a path at the back of the cave. I followed him at pace. His strides made it difficult to keep up and it wasn't long before I had broke into a jog. 

"I am 3 million years old." he said. "I am the last of my people. And, I am the last hope humanity has." 

As he spoke those words, the path opened out into a large cavern where rudimentary desks and some strange mechanical devices littered the walls and floor. 

"My people were the Dara'seranai. In your language today, you would call us The Watchers." He pointed up at a starmap carved expertly into the smooth, domelike ceiling of the room. 

"We came from the stars more than a million years ago. Our planet had been ruined beyond repair and we needed to start over."

Next he walked to one of the desks and picked up an apple, just beginning to rot. He looked at it intensely, as if recalling a memory long forgotten. 

"But this world, Earth, was not as hospitable as we had hoped. A virus ravaged our population. Within a millennia, our numbers dwindled to mere thousands. Those of our people that had survived the Reckoning, were left impotent. We could no longer procreate."

I stood in sheer awe at the tumult of information assaulting my brain. So many questions swirled about my mind that I began to feel dizzy. Bigfoot took a bite out of the apple so delicate that it seemed the apple would last forever. Then he swallowed it whole. 

"Our greatest minds" he said with a mouthful of apple, "came up with a brilliant idea."

He swallowed before continuing. "If our people were to die to this world, we would make of its creatures a new species in our image. We took two promising primates, only beginning to discover their intelligence, and we filled them with our intelligence."

He looked at me with a soft smile. 

" I believe you call it gene splicing."

At the desk, he unfurled an ancient and weathered scroll. It looked to be made of leather, though from the hide of what creature I could not discern. 

" Come, take a look.,"

And so I did. Standing beside him, I felt like a child. He was 10 foot tall at least and my diminutive stature, even by human standards, only made the feeling greater. 

"These would become the neanderthals and homo sapien. Both were required if we were to make a new people in our image. One would be the brains, the other the brawn." 

My smug satisfaction at my species being chosen as the brains for this new people was quickly snuffed out. 

"But we did not count on your free will. Your species decimated the neanderthals before sufficient breeding could take place. We were left with the brawn. And no other suitable candidate for the brains. We believed we could salvage the plan, that with careful guidance, we could be your brains behind the scenes. And for a time, it looked promising. War made way to peace and your intelligence grew. Great minds rose and gave us hope for the great plan.

"But your nature ever prospered. Any peace was shortlived and your brutish tendencies shunned and feared the greatest of your species. You tore them down again and again until what should have been ages of enlightenment became ages of darkness. Strides became steps, and our people continued to fade away. "

Bigfoot paused for a time, looking into the distance. Then he turned on me abruptly and with vigour I had not yet seen in him and said," But I saw hope! I did not give up. With your own advances and mine, I was able to recreate the missing link between your people and mine! There is a light at the end of the tunnel!" 

He held out his hand to me and proferred a vial of luminous orange liquid.

"Take this. Explain to your people what it is I have told you. The other creatures. They were the calm. What comes next is a storm like no other. The creatures, they were never from here. They followed us, and we brought them, from our world. Their revelation set the stage for today. Your species has become immune to the strange, the weird, and the wonderful. Now they will heed my message. "

Still, I was speechless. What do you say at a time like this? Eventually I found the words. 

"What do you want me to do with this?" 

And so he told me. And he told me that I would not find him again after I left, and he told me that his final days were near, and he told me once more that I was his only hope. 

I left the cave in solemn silence. I could tell I had stayed as long as he would allow, only so long as to tell me what to do and the horror that would befall our world should I fail. 

We had scarcely a decade, he had said. I feared it was already too late. 
