"What a terrible terrible day..." That's all I could think as the only thing still tying me to this broken world lay withering away in my arms. 

He had done so much...seen so much. Now he lay dying and in his company, there was but me. I could do nothing but clutch his hand as he slowly faded from our plane to the next. 

His eyes met mine, tears streaming down both our faces. With his last breath, he forced a plea from his lips: "Don...Don't...hate them..." With that, he was gone. Gone from the very world he had cared for so deeply. He had given so much to the very people who had, in the end, come for his life. 

Alone in his tower, he had spent his days watching over the land and sea, dispelling storms, calming waves, invigorating the crop. Soon man found him. At first, they were delighted by his mannerisms and character...but once they had seen it...once they had seen all the things that he could do...they faltered like I knew they would. The feared what they did not understand. Ignorance and fear were the fuel to their fire. They could not accept what they could not explain. So they came. They came and took the only thing that I loved, the only thing that I knew. 

My very first memories were of him. Reaching down to me, holding me. I had not come from a womb but I still called him my father. I spent every waking moment with him, he taught me all that his creator had taught him. Under his wing I went, learning all the hours of the day. He was so infatuated with man and their progress. He said to me once "Man will be my greatest creation, soon they will populate every hill on this earth. Then they will grow, so much potential lies hidden within them." He loved them...maybe even more than me... 

Then came the long dark. Countless days had passed since he had taken me as a son. I was then nearing the very age he had been when he first laid eyes on me. It was then that he saw something in me that was..."worrying". He never said it but I could see in the way he looked at me. He was afraid. I could not understand what disturbed him. He told me that he had seen a great scale in his visions. A scale undisturbed sitting atop a mountain split in two. One side was so very beautiful, filled with vigor and life. But the other...the other side was only death and decay. He said that from the heavens there came a single object. An object that would forever bend the scale to one side. But before he could see which way the scale went, a great light blinded him and his vision was cast away.

Before long his paranoia overcame him and using very old magic case my away in isolation. In a place where I could only see. Locked in solitude. I spent endless years there...watching as men began to leave the wilderness and congregate together. Spreading their seed like a disease. Great smoke rose from pillars of ash. The air became gray and foggy. They spread to every corner of the earth like a great rolling fire. At the very last corner, they found my dear father.

With his life slipping away his magic began to falter. I was released from my prison of solitude. I came to him. I came in a fever, driven by fear and love. My mind clouded with emotion. But now as he lay dead my mind began to clear. The clouds cleared and beyond them, I saw the truth of this world. I saw what I had to do, what must be done.

It was in that instant that Sun began to crack, the Moon began the shiver, the winds and waves were freed from their restraints. Night fell for the first and last time. 

I understood what he had seen all those years ago. What he had been so afraid of. I knew that he would not understand what I had to do. And so the long ruthless dark began, a time that man would not soon forget. A time for punishment.