*my first post here. comments are appreciated!*

The housewife walked around the house in a frenzied manner, maneuvering her way through the antique furniture as she dusted dust off every surface of the living room. She walked around, listening to the soft thud her feet made on the carpet as she wiped off another layer of non-existent dust off the mantel. Ever since she married her husband, it had become a habit for her to clean the house almost every day for the past ten years. It helped to take things off her mind; especially when it comes to things she did not want to think about. 

Suddenly, the clock struck twelve. The sound of twelve hollow chimes filled the large expanse of the living room, reflecting the bareness of it all. Except for the antique furniture which was expertly placed in the living room, it was cold and hollow. The living room alone showed that there was no love in the marriage, but the housewife was fine with it all. Especially when there were more important things to worry about. 

Her cleaning routine disrupted, she hastily dropped the broom onto the floor as she rushed down the basement, turning back once to make sure that no one else was at home. Her heart pounded in fear and dread despite the fact that this was a weekly occurrence which she had to face.

The basement was an abandoned, dark place. It was rarely taken care of, and no one, even the housewife with her compulsive tendencies, wanted to stay in the basement for a long period of time. After all, who would ever want to clean up a place where they would routinely meet their own demons?

The housewife gritted her teeth as she entered, feeling the cold tingle her skin slightly. Determined, she knocked the peeling walls of the basement twelve times before she stood, waiting. She felt like a caged animal who was unable to escape. Trapped. 

Suddenly, the door slammed shut behind her, eliciting a gasp from her. It was completely dark now, and all the housewife could hear was her wild heart beating like a galloping horse. Claustrophobia seeped into her as she leaned against the wall, preparing for what was to come. 

"Hurry up!" she hissed. 

A chuckle sounded not so far off, as a fiery ember of light started to become brighter and brighter, until it engulfed the entire basement with its shine. A girly yelp rang in the basement as a body fell onto the middle of the basement. 

"Turn off the lights. Turn them off!" the housewife shrieked, shielding her eyes from the body which was started to crawl towards her now. She wanted to open the door and bolt it shut at that instant, but she held her ground and gritted her teeth. She had to deal with it. It was part of the bargain.

And as all bargains with the devil go, they were never pleasant. 

"Have fun now. Remember to play nice," a ghostly whisper resounded in the basement, gently caressing her. 

The housewife recoiled in disgust as she squatted down, preparing to hold the savage which was slowly crawling towards her. Thank god she was in complete darkness. She did not even want to breathe the same air as that savage. 

The savage wrapped her puny little hands around the housewife, wiping the housewife in a layer of grime and dust. Her unruly tresses of hair smelt like fecal matter and piss, and it was all the housewife could do to not whimper in terror as she held the savage tightly. 

"It's all right, everything's fine," she murmured softly to stop the thing from crying, while at the same time comforting herself. It was all she could do right now to not lose her sanity. The facade she had slowly built up for years was slowly crumbling, and every damn time she met that bloody girl, it would never fail to happen. She cursed the devil silently, knowing that he was relishing in the fact that her demons were slowly stripping her bare, and it came in the form of a young girl. At least the darkness made it impossible for her to see the girl's features. If she did, she would have probably lost her mind right there and then.

One hour every week. That was the agreed amount of time of which she had to spend time with that thing, in return, she could lead a perfect and wonderful life without worry. Beauty was always found in the ordinary. She could not ask for less.  

Time passed in an excruciating manner, and as the savage started to cry fearfully again, she tiredly stroked her head, remembering not to mistreat her. If she did, the bargain would be called off immediately. The devil would know. 

Just as she thought that she was to be stuck here for an eternity in darkness with that *thing*, a fiery ember flame appeared in the midst. Instinctively, she closed her eyes. She would take no chances of seeing that girl. 

Immediately, she felt the pressure on her chest lighten as the girl was pulled away from her grasp. She could feel the devil standing right in front of her, surveying her with his hollow eyes. Trying to rip her into a million pieces.

"It always never fails to amuse me that you humans would be so stubborn in seeing the truth. Especially when it is a part of you," he remarked casually.

He always did this before he was about to leave.

"It's none of your business," the housewife spat. "Some things are just not meant to be seen again, *her*," she jabbed a finger towards the girl's direction, "is a symbol of everything that was messed up in my life. She represents the demons and misery in my heart, and for that, she is dirty. I can't accept her, she *repulses* me."

"Very well," the devil replied. "This *girl* you so despite, will see you again next week."

In a snap, everything was quiet once again. Slowly, the housewife stood up before she quickly slammed the door shut and bolted it. Wiping the dust off her face, she looked at the mirror in front of her. A young lady smiled back at her, her eyes crinkling while a dimple appeared on her cheek. It was the epitome of perfection and beauty. 

She had no flaws.

She had no sin.

She was pure.

Too bad she was dead inside.



