Fuck, I muttered realising what has happened. This would have caused Ms Simpson to give me a lecture on inappropriate language in the classroom. I packed my belongings and hurried out of the classroom. Down the hallway I could see several staff and students also frozen in various awkward poses that they assumed while walking. Ms Kayrooz had never looked so dead being a frozen statue. I shoved her figure over and punched her glasses. She was a bitch. Realising I had a shit ton of stuff in my locker, I went to the locker area to retrieve my belongings. Standing outside the lockers was Ms Shaddy. She was also a bitch. I locked her figure in my locker after I had gotten everything. I suddenly though ‘what about my friends?’ Fuck that, I have no friends, only fake bitches trying to get math help when they couldn’t understand problems because they were too busy browsing memes during class time. Anyway, I proceeded to walk through the lesser known passage though the woods that would take me to the outside world. 

———

The outside world. What sort of place would it be after 30 fucking years. After a relatively short and uneventful walk, I finally reached Tuchmyasoul St. The giant digital clock that stood near the shops said “07/02/2050 11:46am”. Fuck. It looked as hideous as it always had, some of the dead pixels must have been fixed but it had also been vandalised with a giant penis graffitied at the top. I walked towards the shops to grab myself a snack. Except the shops were no longer there. Where there had been a gaming arcade, a little grocer and a vintage clothing shop was a joint adult store and bar. The front of the store was plastered with the most sexually explicit images. Things must have gotten extremely liberal over the last 30 years. Well fuck. I decided I would go home and hopefully... I don’t know I just need a nap. Thankfully, the bus stop was still there, and the bus I normally caught home was waiting. It looked exactly the same as it had looked before, except more weathered. But there was a wifi symbol on the side. I got home and paid my fare, and strangely enough I recognised the bus driver. I had never known his name but I had seen him drive this bus very frequently. He looked like he did before, except his face was slightly more wrinkled, his hairline has receded a fair bit and he had a lot of grey hairs. He didn’t seem to have the same perkiness he once did and appeared somewhat thinner. I decided to sit near him and hopefully find out anything I could. “How’s it been going for you?” I asked as the bus took off. This was extremely out of character for me.

“Oh it’s been shit,” he frowned. “It’s been extremely lonely since 2019 when Karen divorced me and took the fucking kids with her. And the dog. And the house. Then of course I got the cancer hehe....”. He gave a shy glance at me and quickly straightened up. “But my last round of chemo is next week”. This, he sounded a little more optimistic about. 

“Ugh that must be tough,” I replied. “I’m happy for your last chemo though”. I tried to make the atmosphere less depressing, and it worked. 

“Thanks,” he replied with a subtle smile. “That means a lot.”

“So uh..” I began. “Do you remember what happened to Sandstone State High?”

There was a silence. And a smirk. “Oh that school, the one where everyone suddenly froze?”

“Yeah,” I answered, “that one”.

“Oh yeah well once day a meteorite landed in the oval. There was some radioactive material that police and scientists couldn’t exactly determine and just gave up. Anyway, they observed the place with telescopes and realised that all the teachers and students were frozen. Everyone in that school is officially pronounced deceased now.  The place was quarantined and nobody was allowed to enter. It was all over the news, you should have seen it. Still one of the greatest mysteries, I wouldn’t be surprised if that bitch Karen was in on it.”

“Do you know what happened with the parents.”

“Uh well, I guess they all went through some shit, especially with their kids being pronounced dead.”

At that moment the bus turned into my neighbourhood, and I went to get off. I said goodbye to the driver and hopped off. 

“Nice talking to you kiddo,” he called with a sad smile.

———

I approached my old home and was about to go through the front gate when I realised that the house was inhabited by complete stranger. Fuck.

“Is everything alright?” A woman in her late 50s approached.

“Do you know where Mr and Mrs Jones are at?”

She looked surprised. “The previous homeowners, oh they passed away I’m sorry.”
“Do you know how happened?” 

“Oh apparently she found out he had been cheating in her with a dude and she went into his workplace with matches and gasoline to threaten him to break up with the dude. Apparently something went wrong and the entire workplace burned down with no survivors. It was the morning of the day the Sandstone State High incident occurred. Do you know about that sweetie?”

“Yes,” I muttered, “I do, well I better get going, thanks for your time.”

I turned away and ran realising that my dad’s Xbox buddy had been more than that, and as a result both my parents were dead before the shit that went down at school. I took a walk around the neighbourhood, realising that not much had changed. 

———

Eventually I decided to take the bus back to the central area to find a homeless shelter. It was a different bus driver than before. I didn’t talk this time, I sat in silence the entire ride, Life had clearly taken a turn, I was in year 12, and would be in university next year, but now I was nobody. And I had no money, no family and no shelter. All the spare money I had had been used for bus tickets. I wondered aimlessly around some random ass shopping complex. Around the side I suddenly noticed a bucket, when I came close I realised it was a bucket of gasoline. It reminded me of the story the lady who now inhabited my house told me. I saw my reflection and realised I was on my own now. The thought hit me like a train. But at least I didn’t have to face the shitty school anymore. That school can burn in hell. Literally. Then I had an idea. I grabbed the bucket and made my way to the school through the passage in the woods. And I lit the place on fire the same way my mother had lit up my father’s workplace. But I felt satisfaction, and I was gonna make it out alive. Once I had made it out, I decided the first thing I needed to do was check out the homeless shelter, and also I need a fucking job. The school would probably be a pile of ashes that nobody would care about since the area was quarantined anyway.
 
———

“Are you looking for the homeless shelter?” a lady at the front asked.

“Uh yes, I need a place to stay.”
“Well make yourself at home. We won’t be serving dinner until 8pm but you can have a sandwich now.” 

I grabbed a sandwich and decided to wander around the streets. As I walked pass the adult shopping sex complex, I noticed a flyer that read “Prostitutes required, sign up here”.

“What are you doing here cunt?!” A voice boomed behind me.

“Uh....” I had no idea what to say, he obviously wouldn’t believe my story. But I was in need of a job. “Um so you’re hiring?”

“Well yeah, why you wanna sign your punk ass up do get fucked? $20 per person who wants to fuck you is the rate around here.”

———

I quickly finished my meal at the homeless shelter and got ready for bed. It was fucking disgusting but I was way too hungry to care. I had been quite overwhelmed by the events but I was going to finally get some sleep. Tomorrow will be a new day. My asshole was quite sore, but at least I had $180 in my pocket, and a job.