At first, I had no words. The gods took advantage of that; they shouted over one another, wheedled their afterlife as the best, only to be shouted down by the others. By the time my mind had cleared - well, cleared being a relative term - there was only one question I wanted answering.

"Where's my mum?" The gods all turned to look at me, mid argument - it was the first I had spoken ever since I'd died. Death itself had been a release - my body had been worn and battered after almost a hundred years on Earth, and the nursing home was like some kind of purgatory. Waiting for death. Oblivion, as I'd assumed it would be. 

But instead, I was here, feeling more whole and stronger and quicker than I had in decades. And there was only one person I really wanted to see. Even my husband seemed like a footnote now - he could come after me, I reasoned. He could follow me. And I would follow her.

"Rosemary?" One of the gods questioned, his animalistic face twisting in concentration. "I'm not sure I recall-"

Noises of affirmation rose, until there was the sound of a cleared throat from the back of the hall. I looked, and saw a deity I hadn't clocked before - small, round and made up of a soft light. "She came with me, child," the being says, "although these lot wouldn't tell you that."

I swallowed. "And you are?"

"I am Hestia," the deity said, "goddess of the home and hearth."

"You're one of the Olympians," I said slowly.

Hestia shook her head. "I was. I gave up my place to Dionysus to avoid conflict."

I blinked. Yes, that sounded like somebody my mother would choose. "And your afterlife?"

"My supplicants go to Elysium like the rest who choose the Greek Pantheon, it's true, but their idea of paradise is different to the other gods, so it becomes a different place. We break bread together, sing, dance, kindle fires and cook delicacies. Your mother loves it."

*Your mother loves it.*

My throat was as dry as a bone. I could see her in my mind's eye, as I'd known her - not as the dementia addled pensioner as she'd been at the end of her life, but the purple cardigan wearing brunette, who'd sang along to musicals at the top of her voice, who'd cuddled me well into adulthood, whose hands had been the only definitive home I'd even known.

"Take me to her," I said, "please."

