It was a muggy summer afternoon. The humidity was just as punishing as the incessant mosquitoes, but agents Ramirez and Jenkins didn't feel a thing. 

"Target approaching" buzzed Ramirez over the comms. From his elevated position the dust cloud made by the vehicle as it drove up to the  old farmhouse was a dead givaway. 

"Copy that overwatch. Moving into position." Jenkins approached the house from the rear, his pulse beginning to elevate. He trusted Ramirez with his life, but playing point man always had its risks. "What do you see?"

"Minivan. Forest green. Two in the front. Rear windows appear to be tinted. Perp must be in back." 

"Bastard," grunted Jenkins. "Using innocents as cover like this is his m.o."

The minivan rolled to a stop in the driveway. Nothing happened. "Something isn't right Ramirez." Peeking around the corner of the house he could see what looked like a young couple in the front seats, but they weren't moving. "Approaching the van," Jenkins raised his weapon and rounded the corner. 

Almost as it were on que, the rear sliding door clicked and slid open. Out crawled car seat with mechanical spider legs carrying a burbling baby. 

The body may have been young and potato-like, but Jenkins knew those eyes. "TARGET SIGHTED! FREEZE DIRTBAG!" The apparatus froze, and slowly rotated to face him. "Boooga waaah urglebr," said the baby smugly. "I know it's you Jones. Even in that body I'd know my old partner anywhere." "Blurgle raga fpow," responded the baby.

"Jenkins, what are you doing? Take him down," buzzed Ramirez.

"Not after what this piece of shit did to me Ramirez! I want answers!" There was a soft thunk and something launched softly through the air. A dirty daiper. "Jenkins! Get down!" The point man dove as a shot cracked through the air, taking out two of the lil' mech's legs while the contaminated butt-bomb sailed overhead. 

The impact caused the apparatus to lurch to the side, but it immediately righted itself and fired a salvo of teething rings and binkies. Jenkins rolled out of the way, but one of the saliva coated binkies grazed his calf. "I'm hit!"
"Gablabl Arooo!" Crowed the baby Jones.

Ramirez shouted into the mic. "JENKINS GET OUT OF THERE, I'LL COVER YOU!" Another crack and another leg flew off of the mini mech. 

"NOT AGAIN RAMIREZ! HE'LL BE WALKING SOON AND THEN WE'LL NEVER CATCH HIM! IT'S NOW OR NEVER!" Launching forward on his good leg, Jenkins closed the gap between himself and the badly listing arachnoid contraption. Throwing all of his weight behind his shoulder, he slammed into the mech. Between the missing legs and sudden impact the mech collapsed to one side, tossing the baby free. 

Adrenaline pumping, Jenkins pinned baby Jones to the ground, handcuffing his itty bitty wrists with some widdle handcuffs. "You're never hurting anyone ever again motherfucker." 

"Bwaabwa gleghijababa," muttered baby Jones, face down to the ground.  

"Damn straight," buzzed Ramirez.
------
Sorry for any grammatical errors or spelling mistakes. I typed this on mobile.