I sing the theme tune to inspector gadget as I fuck with the wires in her car. Two of the things I love the most about this modern present: the great tv shows and the endless ways to kill someone. Technology really is beautiful.

I'm in her car (breaking into a car is pretty easy if you don't give a fuck about people knowing you were there), snipping at some random wires under the thingy under the steering wheel. I've been alive a long time but fuck me if I'm going to spend even an hour looking through a car manual. Or whatever they're called. It's not important to the story. Anywho, I saw this bit in a movie where the brakes get cut  and a guy dies and I'm trying to replicate that. Even if I just break the car, hopefully that will keep her here until after dark. Then I can just strangle her or something. We'll cross that bridge when we come to it.

I was your age when I first murdered. 18. Just kidding, I was 102. My first soulmate took a while to show up and then died in an accident just as we were about to meet. You can recognise a soulmate if you see them. It's this feeling in your gut, like when you're really horny, but it's also totally unique and out of the blue and really strong. It's unmistakable. I never knew his name but he was trampled by a horse and cart. I was 54 and devastated.

The next came 32 years later. Again I felt that feeling, but I couldn't see anyone. Turns out it was a guy who was mugged and killed in the alley beside the hospital I was working in. Back then soulmates were rare and only came once every so often. Now it's like someone has it out for me - boom! Another one every two months. The thing is, when the last one died in an accident I was 86 years old, and I was used to being by myself. So when the next one showed up it was pretty easy to pretend that she had broken into my apartment when I shot her. A shame. She was just my type.

"Denenene, inspector gadget, denenenene ne ne", I sing, climbing out of the Fiat 500. What a basic bitch.

Just as I straighten up and pull down my skirt I hear a gunshot. Its close. But I see nothing. As I turn to face the sidewalk another shot narrowly misses my shoulder. What sloppy aim. I dive to the side, rolling and coming up on my feet and run to the closest shelter. Oh man, I bet that looked so cool, I wish I could have seen it. If I could just see where I'm being shot from. . .

And then I see her. On the balcony of her apartment, a crappy little pistol in hand. My soulmate. And I know that for once they've got it right. A cold, hard killing machine just like me. The only person who could possibly tolerate me anymore - someone who values forever more than a person to share it with.

Oh God, it's like that Will Smith movie Hancock, except that was awful and I can't actually remember the plot very well. Or maybe I'm thinking of Hitch?

And then I feel it, for the first time ever. A tug at my heart telling me that I don't want to kill, accompanied by that horny feeling. Girls like her only come around once every couple of hundred years.

I mean, I still will kill her, obviously, there's too much I still need to do. (Nothing important or life changing, by the way, just some stuff, you know?)

She aims at me again, but I know she'll miss as I take off running down the side of the building. At least this one will be a challenge.