Cut the "your teenage years are the best of your life" bullshit out. It is hard enough being a scrawny, 150-pound asthmatic guy who can barely make it up one flight of stairs without using my inhaler. Try adding on a superpower. Yes, I have the strength of say Superman when faced with immensely strong substances. However, terribly soft and fluffy objects are--well--my Kryptonite. I have never used my powers at school, I could just imagine the laughter and taunting at my weakness against the weak. 

Wednesday started off normal as ever, with the slightest hint of a storm: English was bland, calculus was mindbogglingly hard, and US History bored me (and others) to death. Conversely, that afternoon as we were all leaving school, a giant gust of wind fell an oak tree right into the drive. The adminstrators said it would be at least an hour before the tree was cleared, and that just would not cut it. See, I had a D&D game to attend. Without much thought, I strode up to the tremendous trunk of the tree. Snickers arose from all around me. "What does HE think he's going to do? HE can't possibly think HE can move it?" 

I did just that, a couple punches down the middle of it, and BOOM. I cleared the way, and I cleared the smirks. As I walked back to my car, ready for some great D&D action, this girl, Ashley, of extreme attractive appearance approached me. "Hey, do you wanna come over later tonight?" she asked quite nervously. I looked around frantically like a cat scared of its own shadow. 
"Me?"
"Yes you," Ashley laughed breathlessly. 
"Um, okay," I smiled a goofy smile. With that, she gave me her address.

I showed up to her house pleased with my performance as Dungeon Master. Just three mistakes, a new record for me. The house looked absolutely deserted save the bedroom on the second floor. Ashley opened the door just as i was about to knock ever so softly. I nearly took off her head in my fright, and thus had to take a drag from my inhaler. "Hi," I said sheepishly.
"Hi. Come in, won't you," Ashley giggled with an air of expectancy. She led me away to that same room lit on the second floor. "My family is out-of-town," seeming to read my mind. 

She opened the door to her bedroom and sat on my worst nightmare, a bed. I just stood in the doorway quite awkwardly. I tried sitting beside her, but it hurt so much: my muscles gave way, my head swam with pain, my heart and lungs burned with effort. I jumped off the bed so forcefully that I made a gaping hole in the floor and promptly fell through. I ran to the door and busted the door wide open. "I am so sorry," I screamed, tears rushing down my horror-stricken face. 

The next morning, Ashley approached me again. "I-- I--" I started. She kissed me before I could finish my half-baked apology. 
"It's okay. Think you can help me with the, um, repairs?" Ashley beamed.

