Victor Bailnan was a businessman, who worked in a corporate office in the city and commuted an hour to and from work every day. He was usually a cautious driver, and often early to appointments. He wasn’t a nervous man, but nor was he a brave one. He had a standard suburban house and a beautiful wife. They’d gotten married last June.

He didn’t listen to the radio. However, over the course of the past week, it had been turning on randomly while he was driving, crackling while he hit buttons to turn it off before lapsing into silence.

The radio crackled on again. Before he could reach down to smack it, however, a voice boomed through the speakers. He clenched his teeth and the steering wheel. Several other cars simultaneously swerved. The voice said:

“ATTENTION CIVILIANS. FROM NOW ON THE SPEED LIMIT WILL BE VIGOROUSLY ENFORCED.”

Victor scoffed. He couldn’t see any police cars. It would probably take a while before anything happened. Plus, the message probably wasn’t even-

an explosion rocketed through the air, cutting off all thought. Victor slammed on the brakes as his car was pushed over with the force of the explosion, rolling his car twice before it stopped off the road. Several other cars were in wrecks, and car parts were strewn around the highway spewing flame. Car alarms went off, people started screaming and honking their horns.

Victor climbed out of the car, stunned and disbelieving at what he saw. 

An entire car had exploded. A car with people in it. The explosion had harmed not only that car but those around it. Many people were climbing out of their destroyed vehicles, just like Victor. Many more were not climbing out at all.

For several minutes Victor stood, frozen. Then he fumbled in his coat for his phone, and dialed 911.

“This is an emergency. A car exploded on Park Highway, mile marker 12-“

The operator hung up on him.

No, Victor thought. That can’t be right. The line dropped. He dialed again. No answer. Again and again he frantically dialed 911, but no answer came.

What is this? Victor asked himself over and over. What is this?

It only occurred to him on the fifteenth try that perhaps the lines were being flooded by other people calling. Surely someone had gotten through. Perhaps they were already on their way. He started toward the exploded car, seeing as everyone else was still too preoccupied with themselves to see if there was anyone left inside.

What greeted him was the completely burned to a crisp corpse of the driver, everything but bone and soot instantly incinerated, the bones mostly scattered about with some of the main parts- mostly the spinal cord and pelvis- still intact. Victor felt sick. He turned away from the sight, thanking God that there were no children in the backseat. Not that he could see, anyway.

How had this happened? How had this happened? Victor remembered the radio. The breath went out of him. This could not be, he thought. This could not be. 

But around him people were starting to shout. And they shouted the very words he had just thought. They, too, had heard the message on the radio.

Victor called his wife. She didn’t answer so he left a voicemail, detailing the events. He told her not to drive.

He went back to his car. Forget work. He had to make sure his wife was okay.

There was no way to right it. He tried pushing on it, but there was nothing he could do. So he turned to face the road the way he’d come, and he started walking.

The entire time he was within site of the crash, and it was quite awhile, he never heard or caught sight of an ambulance, or police. It confirmed what they were all starting to suspect.

The government had somehow rigged all their cars. They had made one car, probably speeding, blow up, as demonstration. And if anyone else sped, their car, too, would explode, with themselves and everything inside it left to burn.

Victor told himself he was biking from now on.