"Brian! Hey Brian! Brian!! Whatrya doin back so soon," chirped the night Watchman, a careful look on his face. Headlights forced the Watchman's eyes into narrow slits as he peered through the rain at the 1970's Chevy Gremlin. Billows of exhaust fumed from the vehicle, causing him to mentally footnote a concern about it's condition. He'd have to speak to Brian about that later, Brian wasn't the type to notice things like that.

"Eh, I thought youse guys wanted dogs from the corner" said Brian with a slightly confused, yet genuine expression of disappointment. He held his arms outwards in a questioning gesture, looking much like a child in his over-sized trench coat. 

"Nah Bry, nah, Johnny was saying for us to get off the CORNER and go downtown for some grub. He was talking to me and Vince." 

"Oh."

"Yeah, but, but it's okay Bry, those dogs is good too."

"Oh wells, if youse guys want me to take em back and get dose other ones, I can do that" said Brian, as he slowly began to turn towards the Gremlin. This sent an electric jolt through the Watchman, who had become peripherally aware of a group of individuals moving at the far end of the alleyway. 

"Hey, NO NO, it's okay Bry, just.. bring the dogs over heah and set em under the awning there before the rain soaks em. Those is as good as any." interrupted the Watchman, who was watching the individuals scurry into a building. Two of the men became clumsily entangled as the large plastic bags they were dragging became clogged in a door frame.

"Say... youse just being nice. I can always tell when I did bad. You don't want these dawgs, you're just pretendin to want em to be nice" said Brian as he stomped back to the door of his car. 

"Brian, seriously, it ain't no problem" cried the Watchman. He took a few steps towards the Gremlin and then froze. Sweat started to form on his brow. His mind began racing in a thousand different directions. What had he done.

Brian, realizing that he would really rather not drive out into the rainy Chicago night again, relented. 

"Well... okay. If youse says so." 

The Watchman stood as still as stone. The brim of his wide hat concealed his look of abject horror. Sweat beads began to trickle down the side of his head. 

"Welp, let's go in and eat then. I'm sure da boys will be happy to finally get some of this grub. Get it while it's hot, my mom always used to say" chuckled Brian, as he stomped quickly past the watchman and to the steps of the speakeasy.

The Watchman had no time to reach out and grab Brian, it had all happened so fast. He had spent too much time thinking and not enough time reacting. Brian would walk down those steps and into the speakeasy before he could talk him out of it.

&#x200B;

"Oh!" gasped Brian, who was halfway down the steps.

He looked back up at the Watchman in surprise. He had a wide, cheerful grin.

"Oh, Wow!! Why didn't you tell me Mr. Castaglioni was in town!!" cried Brian in complete glee.  

&#x200B;

Mr. Castaglioni was a tall, broad man of advanced years. He wore an expensive hat, an expensive white striped suit, and had an expensive raincoat draped over his broad shoulders. 

Two muscular and imposing men exited from the speakeasy below Mr. Castaglioni. At the sight of Brian, they quickly reached into their trenchcoats. However, with a simple gesture from Mr. Castaglioni, both men eased and folded their hands at their waists. 

&#x200B;

"Is that... Brian. Is that Brian Giovanni Stefano I see?!" said Mr. Castaglioni with a knowing smirk on his face. There appeared to be genuine warmth in the old man's eyes. 

&#x200B;

"Yes sir, it's me. It's me. The one from 68th and Morgan street, over across the way from the bakery. Do you remember me from way back when? Back when my mother used to patch up some of da boys clothing when they gots ripped, I remember youse from when she had that problem with my dad. You brought us sweets. Cannolis. My dad never laid hands on me again after that, I had a good time after that" said Brian excitedly, hardly giving himself enough time to breathe while glamouring over Mr. Castaglioni. 

&#x200B;

Watchman stood still for a moment. He watched as Brian and Mr. Castaglioni spoke at length. Neither man seemed to care about the rain, or about the cold, and certainly not about a brown paper bag of soaked hot dogs. 

&#x200B;

Watchman let out a sigh. His eyes blurred and he inhaled deeply. He felt permeated by the damp Chicago air. He allowed the ambiance of the city to flow into his ears and cloud his mind. He was distinctly aware that he was a human being, standing in an alley way, watching two men speak. He wore a trench coat, a hat, and a suit. His dress shoes chaffed and pinched his feet, and they felt weird to walk in on the wet asphalt.

&#x200B;

His eyes refocused and he saw a dimwitted, messy, but thoroughly happy man speaking to his boss over at the speak easy. He smiled and he took a deep breath of the cool, refreshing Chicago air. 