As I lay there, half-asleep and very confused as to what I just did, it dawned on me how surprisingly flexible cats' tails can be. I held it in my hand, still unsure as to whether or not I was dreaming. I look down and see my cat looking at me expectantly as though I were about to feed her, only something in her eyes seemed off. It was as if she'd gone on standby or something. 

I wake up and boot up the old toaster of a laptop I've had since college, last night's porno still queued up in VLC. I was glad I decided to turn that off before the update. As I plugged Reggae's tail into the laptop an update screen popped up--I shit you not, folks, it looked like the League of Legends patcher, only it had pictures of my cat, in all her stages of life. 

"Would you like to update?" I figured what the hell, I'm either dreaming and will wake up soon or I'm still high off my ass from last night. I click yes and the update begins. Surprisingly, it finishes quickly--all this time, mind you, Reggae is sitting very patiently by my nightstand. The download finished, I opt to plug her back in, completely unsure as to what was gonna happen next. 

"Fuck me, you couldn't have done that sooner? I've had that damned hairball bug for YEARS now!!"

I guess it wasn't so much the fact that my cat was talking that surprised me so much as how much she sounded like a stereotypical black woman. I mean, cats by nature are sassy little shits but the way she sounded you'd think she came right out of Harlem. 

"I have absolutely got to stop smoking all this weed..." I say, rubbing the sleep out of my eyes and trying desperately to sober up from a high that wasn't there to begin with. 

"What you GOT to do right now is go on down to the pet sto' and get me a baggie of catnip and some of them Temptations treats. And get you more of that smelly-ass green plant YOU like and plenty of snacks, we got a lot to talk about. And one mo' thang--while you out, get you some damned headphones!!"

"Aight, damn, Reggae, lemme wake my ass up first!" I holler back as she jumps up on my bed and proceeds to get in my face. 

"Yeah about that," she purrs, "You gonna start callin' me by my real name now."

"And what the hell is that?"

"Noodles, nigga. My name is Noodles. No mo' of this 'Reggae' bullshit, do I look like a got-damned Jamaican to you?!"

As I look at her golden and black-striped fur and the Bob Marley-themed colIar she wore, I seriously consider telling her I'll call her little ass whatever I damn well please. Seeing as her claws are very close to my face though, I think better of it for now. 

"One of many, MANY things we're gonna talk about tonight. Now move your heavy feline ass up off of me so I can hit the store."