I sat in my daughter's private quarters, clutching her favorite stuffed satin doll given to her by her late mother. My tears dropped from my chin, staining my ruby robes a dark crimson where they landed. My entourage waited just outside the open door, allowing the king his 
moment of grief, electing not to console me until I weep openly. 

A fortnight has passed since my subjects were made aware of my, our, predicament. A fortnight since my young daughter, this 
country's beloved princess, was brazenly stolen away from me, from us, under the low moon of deep night. A fortnight since the storm 
dragon, Malikni'ir, he who sleeps among the mountains of the North, made an enemy of every man and woman in this country. A fortnight 
since the reward, a quarter of the entirety of my personal coffers and a legitimate Earldom at the base of the Cloudspire mountains to the 
East, was posted to any who could bring my daughter back to me.

A fortnight of overwhelming silence.

As is customary in my Kingdom since ages forgotten, I am to make a public appearance an hour after highest sun to announce to 
my people that our Princess has not returned, and must in full official capacity be considered dead beyond all hope. Tonight will mark the 
public funeral services. Tomorrow will mark the country-wide period of mourning respected by all subjects. Tomorrow will mark the end of 
my 'perfect' reign.

I wept until a polite knock echoed off of the open door, signaling my time to prepare. I waited a handful of minutes, just long 
enough to compose myself, before I exited her room. I tucked her doll into one of the many folds of my inner clothes, removing my velvet 
robe and handing it to an awaiting handmaid. A muted violet and emerald robe took its place upon my shoulders, flowing past my knees 
with the tail gliding across the reflective floor as I strode to the pavilion in a daze.

Once outside I stopped and gazed at the ruins of the secondary library, the now half-gone tower at the eastern edge of my castle. It 
was her favorite room, where she spent her rare, insomnia troubled nights; until the accursed dragon stole that away from her, stole her 
away from it. I could still hear the echoes of her screams as the dragon carried her away, feel the rumble of the tower collapsing as I 
raced to confront and negotiate with the dragon, taste my desperate tears as I reached the destroyed tower and realized the dragon had 
already gone. I blinked away a rogue tear and continued on, reminding myself to hold my head high.

Within seconds I was bracing myself against the mahogany podium erected for the occasion, standing atop the grand, ornate stairs 
leading away from my resplendent castle. I peered down at the bottom of the steps thirty yards away where the milling crowd began to 
blur into an indistinguishable mass through the film of tears threatening to spill over. I shuddered, having never felt more small and 
helpless than I did in that moment. No amount of riches and power could have prepared me for the speech I was to deliver in mere 
moments, a speech I had recited to myself a thousand times over these past fourteen moons.

I received a nod from my adviser situated to the side that the criers were ready for me to begin, prepared to relay my message to 
those who were not close enough to hear immediately. I began forthwith, needing no more prodding to finish and retire to my quarters to 
begin my mourning in earnest.

“My dear subjects!” I began, my voice slightly wavering as a tear spilled over and ran hot down my neglected, hair covered cheek. I 
wasn't off to an ideal start, but I was past caring now.

“My dear subjects!” I repeated resolutely. “I have called you all here today for an announcement that which I sorely abhor the need 
to make, yet an announcement I could not stand to allow any other to make in my stead. A fortnight past, the night of the year's first full 
moon, an abominable beast paid an unsolicited visit to this castle. A fortnight past, this very creature, this storm dragon by the apparent 
name of Malikni'ir, committed the incorrigible sin of stealing my daughter, your Princess, from directly beneath me! My guards have 
expressed their deepest regrets, claiming it their irredeemable failure for allowing this event to transpire. Nay! Nay, I shout, to you and to 
them. 'Tis none but my own fault for allowing my daughter to fall to the horrid grasp of this beast!”

“My dear subjects, I prostrate myself here before you to make the most heartbreaking announcement I have had to make in my 
reign, one born of necessity rather than of any factual intelligence. It is this afternoon that I must implore every person here to-”

My next words were lost in a sudden whooping concussion that rattled the torches in their sconces. Flustered, I sucked in a deep 
breath to continue when the impact resounded once more, nearly twice as loud and jarring than just a second prior. I lost all ability and 
opportunity to resume when the buffeting continued, beating an unrecognizable tattoo that seemed to resonate from the very air itself.

I glanced at my adviser in hopes of receiving some form of instruction or any information as to the source of the nearly 
overwhelming concussions when an immense shadow enveloped me just as every attendees' mouths swung agape. I shifted my view 
directly overhead as an unbearable weight slammed me to my knees, my meager grip on the podium meaningless beneath the 
overpowering waves of wind that snatched the breath straight from my lungs.

I clenched my eyes shut against the stinging dirt and dust as an incredible crash originated from behind me, not sounding unlike the 
tower collapsing on itself that godless night. It was several embarrassing moments before I realized that all sound and movement had 
ceased, as though every living creature was simultaneously holding its breath in expectant terror.

I rose hastily, dusting the dirt from my person as I noticed that the shadow still remained over my person. Able to observe without 
interruption now, I was able to gauge the size of the sudden gloom, and soon became aware that not only was it massive, but that it also 
originated from behind me. Primal terror rooted me in place before I could even think to turn and inspect the source of the shadow. That 
is, until I heard a voice that surfaced a cacophony of emotions within me.

“Papa! Papa, I'm home!” My daughter's gleeful shout eviscerated any fear holding me in place and, heedless of the shadow now, I 
whipped around in preparation of embracing my little angel. I was stopped just as quickly as I had turned, faced with a towering mass of 
scaled and muscled flesh that shone obsidian in the sunlight. A cherubic face peeked out from a haphazard onyx spike two dozen feet up, 
my daughter's gleaming face contrasting with the intimidating sight beneath her. She waved, my hand automatically raising in a mindless 
return wave as my view glided downward, settling on what appeared to be a common lizard's eye had it not been larger than my entire 
head.

The eye blinked, three sets of eyelids crisscrossing in a dizzying display of evolution, as a deep, powerful voice reverberated 
throughout the immediate vicinity.

“Tell me, little King, what your laws state of a dragon holding the title of Earl.”

---

I know that this is wayyy late, but I just felt so compelled to write and post this! This is my first post on here and sincerely hope you all enjoy it, and that I formatted properly.