He knew this day would come. It had been coming for some time now. He had made all the necessary arrangements, said his goodbyes, now all that was left was to wait. He decided to take one last walk. After so many years of running, hiding, moving from place to place, he decided it would be good to slow down, and enjoy what little time remained. Eventually, his walk led him into town. The quaint village where he had settled down was alive with activity. Summer was close, and the townsfolk moved like bees, darting here and there, fetching water, hauling bags of seed, feeding chickens. Suddenly, near the center of town, a great commotion broke the idyllic scene. Children fled screaming, women fainted and old men begged for mercy. He knew who it was. He had reacted similarly, many years before, on that fateful day with his brothers at the river. That was the day he met Death. He had been so frightened, so much so that when Death offered them each a gift, he asked to be to leave that place within being followed by Death. For a time, he thought himself a coward, until he learned of the fates of his brothers. Realizing that Death would soon come for him, he gathered his gift and fled. It had been many years since that day, and now, old and tired, he had grown weary of running. He passed on his gift to his son, and, with what strength he had left, he went out to face Death. As the hooded figure that had caused so much terror approached him, he tilted his head in confusion. This was not the gaunt, skeletal figure he remembered. In fact, the figure standing before him was stunningly beautiful. She looked into his eyes. She seemed almost sad. She walked up to him and clasped his hands in hers. They were cold, like a mountain stream on a winter day. "Were you expecting someone else?" she asked, noting his confusion. "I wasn't expecting someone so beautiful" he replied. A small smile broke across her face. "It's rare for someone to call me beautiful" she replied "You must have known it was nearly time." He nods as his vision begins to fade, the town around him disappearing into mist. She turns and begins to walk with him, hand in hand, as they depart this world as equals.

This is my first time writing one of these, please be gentle