"What is she doing?" I asked myself in the mirror.  I had sped away about four times, giggling as she trotted behind me, totally unable to keep up.  Every time she looked a little more tired.  Now Bloody Mary was in a fetal position on the side of the deserted highway.  I felt a pang of guilt.  I grabbed my emergency kit from the glove box, turned the ignition off and started walking toward her.

"What do you want?" I heard her ask through the sobs.

"Is everything ok?" I asked, clutching the kit closer to my chest.  Sure, I trusted the contents to protect me from the evil sitting there bawling her eyes out but my mind was still reeling.

"Is everything ok, he asks!" she said and began crying more loudly, "It's fine, Albert, it's fine."

"H-how do you know my name?"  I asked her, genuinely curious.  Her voice sounded rather ordinary.  Sure her very visage was horrific, blood dripping from every orifice and I do mean EVERY orifice.  Yuck.  Surprisingly, this close she smelled of lilacs.  That was interesting.

"It's part of my curse, you big dummy," Bloody Mary said, "For four hundred years I've had to appear and drag people off to Hell.  Knowing their name is part of the dark magic that binds me here.  Basic Demonology 101.  Don't they teach that in school anymore?  No wonder the U.S. ranks so low in education these days."

"So.  Why are you crying?" I asked.

"Why am I crying?"  She looked up and my heart skipped a beat, she was kind of pretty under all that blood.  Her eyes were an enchanting red.  Well, everything was red but a good red, ya know?  "I am crying because you summoned me, used that accursed contraption to leave me behind, all the while laughing at me.  Did you think that would brighten my old day there, Albert?  Eh?"

"I mean you're a demon," I said defensively, "You drag people to Hell.  You've admitted that."

"I'm not technically a demon, I just work with them.  I only drag them to the surface layers of Hell," she shrugged, "Is it my fault some stupid teenage girl can't find her way out after summoning me at a slumber party on a dare?  How hard can it be to escape from Hell?"

"Incredibly," I said, hugging my bag filled with rabbits feet, four and five leave clovers, blessed holy symbols, and magical symbols from every religion, creed, and historical era.

"Thanks, Albert," she said, starting to sob louder, "Now you've really made me feel great about myself.  As if being all bloody isn't bad enough."

"Sorry," I said, actually meaning it, "I didn't mean to upset you. What can I do to make it up to you?"

"Can I drag you to Hell?" she said, smiling through her tears.

"No." I said, smiling back briefly.

"Well, darn." she used her cursed dress to wipe the tears away and stood up, "None of that works you know.  I'm the victim of a Class 1 curse, those are only good for Class 3 or lower."

"Shit," I said but still clutched them in case she were lying, "I did apologize."

"Indeed you did, Albert," she walked up to me and suddenly seemed unsure of what to do, "I haven't, you know, really talked to anyone in three hundred years.  Unless you count talking as them screaming incoherently as I drag them to... well, you know."

"I know, Mary," and when I said her name without the Bloody to preface it she actually smiled, "So what now?"

"Want to help me drag someone to Hell?" she asked hopefully, "There's a teenage girl in Idaho in front a mirror right now.  It's kind of fun."

"Sure," I said, hoping for the best as I took her hand, "Why not?"