This time, chance was against us.

The ancients had detected the presence of that one long back. He has been playing a long game.. Taking the form of a young boy, he had entered the industry, trying to get ahead, trying to get noticed. They said the Evil Warlock would stop at nothing to get his hands on the Precious Metal.. But we, the Order, must do everything in our power to stop that from happening, because the alternative is too terrifying to think about.

I straightened my bowtie. I was getting nervous, we had never attempted anything this risky in the past.

The Order had always managed to swing the academy vote and deny the Warlock, Leo, from winning the award. In the past there had always been a good alternative, so that people never felt suspicious.. But over time, his dark magic had started it's work on the public. Everyone had started making jokes about how Leo would never win an Oscar, about how this was all a conspiracy. All those things had made the Order nervous, very nervous indeed.

This year, the internal vote had failed.. The academy had decided to award Leo the honour. The Order has been in a tizzy. The dark magic has finally started affecting even the judges, and they have started transforming into one of "those".. A slave.. Mindless followers.. What we call the " Leo-tards".

The Order has set up a wild plan, and I was called into action.. I must do my duty now.. I have to do what my moral barometer tells me is right.

I make my way to the podium and pull my game-face on.. I start with a greeting and an inane joke, both if which don't go too well with the crowd. I bet everyone is still puzzled why I was chosen to declare the winner. I can feel the Warlock's eyes burning into me, I open the envelope, and start reading.. ".. And the Award goes to... Leonardo DiCaprio.. for the.." The rest if it is drowned in the shouts and cheers.. It's like the room is exploding. Leo looks up with an evil smile, everyone around him is congratulating him.. He takes his time to come up to the stage, his malicious happiness very visible on his face as he reaches for the statue..

I gulp.

It's time now.

I grab the mic.. "Excuse me folks.."

The room goes silent, all of a sudden.. "I have made a mistake.." The Warlock is looking at me, with barely hidden anger, this is the closest he has been to his goal.

I continue.. " The winner is Michael Fassbender.. You see, its written on this envelope" and I point it towards the crowd.. The cameras zooming in. I am still shaking a little, with a fake one in my hand.. I had switched it when everyone was distracted.. There is a murmur across the room..

"I am sorry, its right here on the envelope.. I made a mistake.. It's on me, not on the academy.. As you can see its clearly written here on this card. ".. Fassbender is a bit shocked, and one by one people start congratulating him.. He is still shocked as he walks up to stage. He gets on, and shakes hand with Leo.. Leo tries to act it off, smiling graciously and walking back to his seat, but I guess he will try twice as hard next year... Boy, I hope the Order is doing their part, now that I have done mine.

Fassbender starts his thanking speech, and I walk back with a goofy expression on my face.. The Order better compensate me well for this..

Well, atleast the world will live for the next year.. But looks like I will have to endure a couple more months of public hate... Well, its not easy being Steve Harvey.

------

Typed this on a phone, so there might be a few mistakes.