The oven door blasted across the kitchen and obliterated the wall opposite.  Smoke and fire billowed from the oven's gaping void, as great, molten arms reached outwards, ragged nails clawing at the cupboards on either side.  The smoke alarms screamed through the curtain of ash.  Enormous shoulders began to emerge, straining hard against their metal prison, bending the frame to accomodate the bulk of muscle trying to work it's way forwards.  "Stuck."  My mind had settled on a word for the first time.  "Go!" A second thought! My brain was on a roll now.  I turned quickly and took a step forward, nailing my ankle hard into the open dishwasher door and sending me toppling to the floor with a repulsive thud.  



It was free.  I heard the scraping of feet on metal and felt the rumble of a large weight dropping to the floor.  I closed my eyes and wrapped my slick fingers around the cross on my neck, peeling it from my sweating skin.  "God, let the heat and smoke kill me before he can tear me apart," my brain begged.



"God?," laughed the beast, from somewhere above me.  "Why would God want anything to do with you after this?"



My fingers seared painfully.  My muscles involuntarily jerked the cross from my neck and my eyes flew open to inspect the damage on my hand.



My eyes met the demon's. Yellow slits of fire set into a round boulder of a head.  He loomed above me, wide as a shed, skin charred black and angry red, running with thin rivers of molten lava.  His eyes flitted to the cross tossed across across the kitchen and he smirked a half grin, exposing his grey teeth and charcoal gums.



"That seems fitting," he laughed again.  



"What?" I finally managed to reply.



"God doesn't want you sporting his mark after this display you've just pulled.  I'm surprised you kept it on during the ceremony, if I'm honest."



"Ceremony?" I mumbled feebly.



"The cake? The music? Happy birthday, Satan.  Fuck you, God. The ceremony."



I gaped at the beast, speechless.



The monster eyed me suspiciously, kicked the dishwasher door closed then plunged a hand forwards, grabbing my apron and heaving me to my feet.



"Did you or did you not summon a demon to bring you to Satan's side as a birthday gift for our Dark Ruler?"



I tried very quickly to take in the scope of my situation.  I hadn't.  I hadn't.  I really hadn't tried to summon anything.  I don't know how to summon.  Before now was summoning even a thing that I thought anyone could actually do?



The beast's patience was starting to give and mild suspicion was giving way to something very evil, and it was written all over his face.



"You DID mean to call me forth, DIDN'T YOU?!"



Panic.  God has disowned me.  There is no one to save my soul from this.



"Of course I did! You don't just do this sort of thing by accident! But just so I know, which part of the ceremony clinched your arrival?"



"It was all very well done." The monster's face changed from seething fury to calm amusement.  "Not many people know that June 25th is Lucifer's preferred date to celebrate his birthday.  Halfway between Christmas to really drive the point across that he is as far from God as possible."


"I made him a cake..."



"You did.  A beautiful white cross with raspberry filling," the beast smiled.



"Yep.  I was a little worried it might seem like maybe I was making it for a church bake sale."



"We thought about that, but you did turn the cake upside down to put the icing on," he explained.



"It was subtle, I'll admit, but I'm glad my efforts didn't go unnoticed.  I thought maybe you'd think I had just turned it to get a better angle to put the icing on it rather than to signify the classic inverted cross symbol."



"We considered that, but it was the music that really solidified the truth of what you were doing," he continued.



"Oh...yeah? I thought the music would have been the part that really went unnoticed..."



"Unnoticed?!," laughed the demon. "Everyone who knows him knows Satan fucking loves Coldplay."  "So, are you ready to go?," he asked.



"I am."



"Did you get a gift?," he asked.



I quickly grabbed the cross necklace from the floor and held it out in my open palm to show the demon.



"That's why I was wearing this during the ceremony."



The demon took hold of my shoulders and locked his firey eyes onto mine, smiling broadly.



"That's why I came for you.  Not because of the ceremony, but because you're the type of asshole to forsake your own god to save your own skin. And by the way, Satan hates Coldplay."



"Good to know," I said, and I crawled into the oven.