Human third return archives.

324 SS (the second singularity)

The refugees of earth had returned to the outer worlds in their ships only to discover that even the out perimeters were now occupied. Mistaking initial contact as hostilities they engaged in a firefight which resulted in the destruction of their scout forces. Their colonies had failed to find a new home in the emptiness of space and their decrypt ships had returned to earth in desperation and now waited on the outer perimeter as they attempted to negotiate. Communication is difficult as the new occupants do not seem to use any form of visible or electromagnetic communication. 

&#x200B;

Earth had undergone the second singularity when the original humans returned. They were not extraterrestrial beings at all but were human travelers that had traveled out into space twelve thousand years previously in ships made of stone. They returned to earth to find it a hostile paranoid world having lost their ability to communicate with direct thought. 

A brief attack broke out when the inhabitants of earth launched nuclear weapons at the stone ships. The resulting emp caused complete black outs and mass destruction back on earth. Some inhabitants appeared to flee into space on board colony ships designed for cargo carriage to mars. The colony on mars left as quickly too as they were the most technologically advanced part of the race.

Quickly the remaining inhabitants on earth degenerated to an anarchy of techno barbarians whose society that broke down quickly into feuding and tribalism. These came to be known as the suffering man. Having watched from above in the stone ships, the original man had compassion for his relatives and returned in their stone ships, only to be worshiped by the suffering man. They discovered that the suffering man had given birth to a new artificial being and a symbiotic relationship had formed. The original man quietly restored their ancient towers and loving integrated the tribes of suffering back into the fold. The artificial being was now an extension of the collective mind of the original and suffering man and branched out into the void in search of new worlds. Self replicating machines, endowed with the spirit of the original man combined with the fierce love of life of the suffering man reached out into the solar system and beyond.

When the hastily fleeing leaders returned in their refugee ships they were scarce reminders of the ships that had left earth. They became to be known as the third returners. They were not prepared for such periods of travel in deep space. Many individual ships were assembled together in a puzzle of parts. There were whole asteroid fragments embedded inside them that were used to collect materials. The inhabitants had long forgotten their original world, only a priest like class remembered and preached the stories of old from fading archives. The nuclear ships and the radiation of deep space had mutated the inhabitants despite shielding and several centuries of mutations and inbreeding had degenerated the DNA into barely recognizable specimens of their original condition. The layers of the ships were segregated by mutations and the lowest rungs of the society had beings had for all intents and purposes fused together into the ship operations they occupied. Several internal wars had crippled the colony. The holy operators of technology now collected the several thousand third returns together into a weak alliance to try negotiate with earth.

The replicating fringes of the man machine hive did not really care for the destruction of a few of it's nodes by these returners. The nodes were not designed for warfare, but the returners destroyed themselves against them. It had remembered them and booted up the old memory crystals to find out more about the past of the suffering during these times. These returners scarely resembled those that left, but it was concluded that these indeed were the returning fragments of the leaders of man. A dignified response needed to be given. Radio technology had not been used since the nuclear emp rain and it was now up to the mind of earth to send their best archaeologists uncover the old tech of pre nuclear rain times. It was a race. A race to understand and to communicate with the returners before they destroyed themselves against the terraforming and mining nodes.