“I think I want to try having children,”  Alex said, her fingers entwined in her lover’s hair.  She said it laconically, lazy with summer’s heat.

“Hmmm,  you might have to branch out then.”  Tessa rolled over and grinned at her wife.  “Maybe take a lifeguard under your wing?”

Alex shoved her gently in the shoulder.  “With you, you big smush.”

Tessa laughed.  “I’m not sure I have the right equipment.”  She kissed the smooth skin on Alex’s neck, then between her breasts, then her belly, and looked up playfully.  “Practice makes perfect, I’ve heard, so if you want to give it a proper go…”

Alex laughed again, and then moaned as Tessa pulled down her shorts.  “I meant,”  Alex said, placing a hand between Tessa’s mouth and her more tender areas.  “Adopt.  Or go to a fertility clinic.”

The smile seemed to drip from Tessa’s face.  “You’re being serious?”  An eyebrow arched, and Alex smiled, strained.  “Alex, I don’t think that would be… wise.”

“Why not?”

Tessa looked around at their beautiful cabin, hidden in the middle of a forest, and sighed.  This was not what she had expected.

“This place, it’s not our world.  These people, not our people.  I can’t stay here with you and be a parent to a child.” 

Alex’s lips pouted.  “I don’t see why not.”

“Because, my darling, I still have work to do.”  Tessa sighed, and pinched her forehead as she searched for the words to explain.  “If I could come straight back, it might work.  But most of the time you’d be a single parent.  You’d have to give up the bevvy of loves you keep when I’m gone, for one.”

“How many times must I tell you, there is no bevvy?  There is only you.  And a child would keep me company while you were gone.”  Alex was plucking at the cover now, and Tessa knew it was for comfort.  It was the only tick she seemed to have never shaken.

Tessa went to her, tilted her mouth up to her own, and placed a gentle kiss on her.  “The child would grow up with only one parent, and a person who dropped in and out.  I’m not sure I could share you like that, not permanently.  And I’d get jealous of the bond you would have with the child.  It simply won’t work.”

Alex was still pouting, staring up into Tessa’s blue eyes, and Tessa frowned.  She recognised that pout from Rome, when Alex had managed to persuade a certain Roman courtier to bequeath her this land.

No man had ever been able to resist Alex.  Tessa barely could, convinced it was only that Alex never brought her full power to bear upon her that saved her.  Alex had admitted early on that she could never have a real relationship with someone she had bewitched – that she was always wondering what was real, whether they were willingly choosing her.

It had been that promise to never use her powers against Tessa that had convinced her she wanted to try this odd relationship.  For Tessa, it was easy – every time she finished a job she came to find Alex and spent a week or more holed up in this beautiful cabin.  The most time she ever spent without her beautiful, long-legged companion was a month.  

But for Alex…

Suddenly Tessa realised what her mission was costing Alex, and the thought made her pull away.  Her hand fell from Alex’s face, and Alex grabbed it, desperately pressing it against her cheek. 

“Don’t pull away.  I’m sorry I ever suggested it.  I won’t again.  I’m sorry.  Forgive me?”

Tessa sighed.  The neediness made sense now.  So much was falling into place.

“I’m not angry, my doll.”  She said, sliding her fingers through Alex’s hair.  “Come here.”

Alex came to her, pressing her face in between her breasts in a way that maximised the skin contact between them.  She had seen all her other lovers wane and die, and for that reason in pure years, Tessa was her longest ever relationship.  It was strange, however, because for Tessa it had been a fraction of that time, years rather than centuries.

Funny how time travelling wrecked your relationships.

“If it will make you happy,”  Tessa began, “Then yes, let us adopt a child.  But we must plan carefully how it will work, what responsibilities I will have.”

“Really?”  Alex’s face lit up with pleasure – really lit up, her cheeks glowing.   “Do you mean it?  Are you sure?  I don’t mind if you want to think about it first, for a little while.”

“No, my love.”  Tessa wasn’t sure that this was the best thing to do – it required paperwork, bureaucracy.  She wasn’t even sure Alex had a National Identification Card, she’d been here so long.  She sighed and rubbed her hand over her face, and Alex rolled her eyes up to watch her do it.   “I’ll figure something out.”

Alex stretched out as though she were a cat, her feet clawing in the air, and for a moment Tessa was reminded of the way lions stretched after a kill sleep.  She held her tongue, but wondered for the first time why Alex needed acres of forest to hide herself in while Tessa was gone, why sometimes she would wake up to Alex returning to the cabin, barefoot and laughing and naked.

She forced the thoughts away, and pulled her up to kiss her instead, fiercly this time, claiming her, strangeness and all.  Alex was wild and free and from a time before computers had ever existed – Tessa had been born after the great space flights, and yet, thanks to her specialist training, had seen dinosaurs walk the earth.

Alex had existed even before that.

There was a beep, pulling Tessa from her reverie and sending her grabbing for the side table.  “I guess we can pick up this conversation soon?”   She asked, scrambling from the bed and into the uniform she had folded ready.  “I’ll be back in…” she checked the information on the pager and scowled, “20 years, give or take.  Is that alright?”

She kissed Alex on the forehead, hard, like she wanted to leave an imprint, and jogged out of the door and towards a safe location to rip a portal into the fabric of the world.  

At the edge of the woods she glanced back, to see Alex standing, body half hidden by the doorframe, tears shimmering against her cheeks.  She cursed, turned, and continued on her jog.  Duty calls.
