The vague warmth of a sunrise lit up the old man's face. A ruffle of something in the corner awoke him, as his bleary eyes tried to take in the world around him, a look of confusion all he had on his face.

Trying to stand seemed to take great effort - not of weariness, but as if he had not done it in a long time, and while his bones remember the motions, he has trouble telling them what he wants. Begrudgingly, they gave up their resistance, and his gaze spanned across the room. He brushes his hands in front of his face, lifting some bit of fabric out of his way, a childlike grin replacing his consternation as he said a name out loud....

"WHOOOOOO" comes the response.

Looking directly at him is a creature of some sort, its eyes staring intently, perched on a stand. The old man seems peculiarly interested, as if he'd never seen it before. He certainly acted like he never had, even though I know it was his favorite pet. As much as he'd talked to it before, though, now he didn't say a word more, but that owl, I could swear, was helping him get around!

After a time, he fumbled about with his water pitcher until drinking from it directly, and then urinated into it without hesitation. At this point I began to fear the worst, that he'd gone mad. He'd been in his tower for months on end, but he'd never explained why, saying it was "for the good of the Kingdom". Of course, we believed him. I'm not that sure why, anymore, now that I think about it....

We'd sneak in when he was sleeping to replace his water, and gave him some fresh fruits to eat, which he ate all of, even the seeds and core, like he was some kind of beast. He set to reading, as best we could tell, all day and all night, from the bookshelf he'd had the carpenter set up for him before he'd retreated to the tower.

One night, he caught me as I was changing the water, and asked me how long I'd been watching. I was honest, I had to be I felt, and he just nodded sagely, but didn't say the sagely things I was used to him saying. We'd always thought the old man was a charlatan, but at least his words had held great wisdom to them, yet even those seemed to fail him now.

It took him a long time to become his old chipper self, I know he's an old man, but I think he lost himself up there in that tower, reading all those books.

I'm not surprised, though - it's only a matter of time until a person who talks about singing ladies who live in lakes and magic swords that make you a king gets their due, you talk enough madness, and you'll become mad, sure enough. Darn shame, too, would've been nice if he'd known a thing or two, but my mum always said it was hullabaloo, and sure enough, he never did even a spot of magic, no matter how much he talked about it.

---- Court Report given to the His Royal Majesty, the King of France, 1136 AD, by a crown spy who extracted it from a chambermaid of the English in Brittany

