When I first heard of the battle I was like "sure make people fight to the death for control of land sounds entertaining" now I find out that said people have no choice in the matter of whether or not they fight and that I have to fight in it according to my dad the ruler of Greece it's some kind of tribute to the gods.

 I commented on how it sounded more like something Hades and Ares would do to mortals and he responded with "it was made to appease Hades" you got no choice in weather  or not you joined and the kings as your father would sign you up that's how I got in this situation. You get a sponsor from the gods. I'd assumed it was a pick a name out of a hat got no! I don't even get the privilege of a random person to save me since the gods choose you. So for example if thunder strikes then it's a thunder god who then communicates to you and says which one it is. You see there are many religions with different gods and they are all real. The least favourite god sponsor is a death god. It's very rare for a death god to choose to sponsor you but it's very painful even more painful then the water good since they almost drown the person. It sucks the person under ground into a hole which seals after them. There they see a skeleton which tells them who they are and what they shall give you. 

So here I was waiting around for my god to choose me. I saw a couple is lighting gods and a water god before me although I couldn't here what the god said. When suddenly a huge crack in the ground appeared and I fell straight in. I knew who had chosen me before I stopped falling as Hades is one of the few death gods who do this thing.


The skeleton said it was Hades and that it had chosen me. It gave me the ability to heal myself if I was moments from dying summon an army of the dead and be able to resurrect people. It then gave me a charred dragon bone sword which was perfectly made fitted me and a necklace with a skull and crossbones along with an enchantment to say that would summon a pack of hellhounds which would regard me as the alpha.


Now I sit waiting in my cage writing this down. I'll continue to write this if I can survive.


Sorry if this is bad it's my first time