What happens to the doctors when there is no more disease? Is humanity better off? Yes, for two reasons. The first is that there are no more diseases. The second is that there are no more doctors.
The doctors on the other hand are not doing so well for themselves. They're out of a job. They've got kids depending on them that are not doing so well. Here's the catch - most doctors are humans with plastic brains who can learn new things.

What I do is sort of err..... is sort of a super speciality. I really am too old to learn a new vocation.

And then these idiots had to go and blow up the whole world with their stupid computers. (In case you're wondering, that is in fact how it happened. Not global warming. Not a runaway nuclear explosion. Not a world war. Just some nerd who wrote a super smart computer program to make paper clips, that ended up hacking most systems and weaponising those and so on and so forth, until someone else managed to find a loophole that could be exploited to stop it.) Now all that was left of the world was broken continents, flooded lands, unquenchable flames raging across large parts of the earth's surface.

Now there's like a handful of them, stuck in one cave. Now I travel around pretty fast, but something about the scale of this thing has left even me a little immobilized.

So now I'm stuck with this measly group one one continent. I've been spending the last few hours knocking off one predator after another. And these ingrates are still wailing about how they're not gonna make it. Think positive you schmucks!!

"Excuse me, Mr." said a voice from behind. Now, I'd never been spoken to that politely, let alone during just after the biggest disaster the world had seen, but my anthropomorphic nature made me turn around to lay eyes on a 5 year old girl. 

Naturally, I was surprised as to how she was able to see me. So I asked her "How are you able to see me?"

"Well, I'm young and I haven't yet been indoctrinated with the dogmas of the world. Since the world really was going to shit all around me, I grew up rather quickly and began to look for disaster everywhere I went. I guess I realized if I ever perfected my skills, I'd be able to see you. Quite literally. Now here you are. What's up?"

"Have you considered that maybe you're insane and hallucinating?" I asked her.

"Aren't we all? All the time" came the reply.

I groaned. Maybe it was time to retire. 