“Well?” Zagdor asked, prodding at Gordon with the wooden spoon.

“What?” Gordon responded.

“Don’t you have anything to say?” Zagdor shook a bit of pepper over Gordon and poked him again.

"About what?"

“You know. About how poorly I’m cooking you or something? Maybe that you’re still raw? Or that I’m a bloody idiot?”

Gordon shrugged. “I don’t really see the point.”

“Come on.” Zagdor poked at Gordon again, pushing him across the swimming-pool-sized frying pan. “It’ll be funny. Don’t you want to insult me? Maybe in a really loud, exaggerated way?”

“What are we, characters in a writing prompt or something?” Gordon always tended to get philosophical when he was waist-deep in sizzling olive oil. “Just shallow caricatures of ourselves who solely exist to fill some overdone stereotype because some people think it’s funny? Like little wind-up dolls with no real emotion or struggles that *should* be at the core of any good piece of writing?”

Zagdor didn’t really have a response to that. So he decided to season Gordon more. He really laid it on thick with the Cajun spices, hoping that it would provoke from outburst from Gordon. But no such luck: the British chef was still lost in monologue.

“I mean, really. Look at me. I’m a successful chef at the pinnacle of my field. I’m a businessman with restaurants all over the globe. Thousands or even *millions* of people out there are eating better and healthier food because of skills they learned from me and my shows. And yet the only thing these dumb prompt submitters seem to focus on is the fact that I comically lose my temper as the *character* of Gordon Ramsey. Are they really too thick to understand that it’s just a ratings ploy? That I’m actually a relatively mild person, but we needed something to *spice up* Hell’s Kitchen to better compete against more dramatic reality shows? No pun intended, of course.”

Zagdor paused from heaping more Cajun seasoning on top of Ramsey. By now, there was more spice than human in the pile. “Of course,” Zagdor agreed. 

“It’s just sad. It’s like these prompt submitters can’t come up with anything truly interesting or original to write about, so they resort to these tired, old, [Flanderized](http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/Flanderization) characters. Bob Ross and Mr. Rogers too: how about another dozen prompts about the two of them being serial killers and meeting Hitler? Sure, it gets a quick laugh and a mindless upvote from some readers, but is that *really* what /r/Writingprompts is about? Shouldn’t it be about stoking *inspiration*? Creating new worlds and new characters to populate those worlds? Encouraging writers to create real conflicts between human subjects, rather than just trying to stretch out a pun to meet the minimum word count so that the mods won’t delete it as low-effort?”

Zagdor frowned and stopped shaking Cajun seasoning all over Gordon, but only because the car-sized container of it was now completely empty. “I guess,” Zagdor said. Being an alien from another galaxy, he’d never read any writing prompts. Nor had he ever seen Hell’s Kitchen, so his expectations of how Gordon should be acting were based on nothing really. Pretty big plot hole, when you stop to think about. But what Gordon was describing did sound pretty annoying. “But, like… can’t you just do something funny so that we can end this prompt response on a high note?”

Gordon rolled his eyes, gave a heavy sigh, and shook Cajun seasoning out of his hair. Then he batted away Zagdor’s spoon and twisted his face into an expression of furious outrage. “What is WRONG with you, you dolphin’s arsehole?! This ridiculous amount of seasoning won’t make up for the fact that I’m still fucking **RAW!**”

Zagdor burst out into gales of laughter, stomping his feet and clapping his hands at the same time. “HAHA! SO FUNNY! I LOVE IT WHEN YOU’RE SO COMICALLY ANGRY!"

