I never would have thought, of all things, *cursive* would be the bane of my existence. No one uses cursive anymore. Millennials, am I right?

It seems like every spell and incantation in every spellbook is written in those god-forsaken delicate loops and elegant swirls. Give me Latin? No problem. Invisible ink? Bring it. Cursed pages that condemn careless readers to lifelong suffering and agony? Child's play. But, seriously, screw cursive.

That one weakness, my single literary kryptonite is the whole reason for this mess. It all started when I uncovered a spell to summon a demon. I prepared for weeks, drawing the perfect summoning circles, getting the *fancy* black candles, practicing my first meeting with the demon in front of the mirror for hours. It was going to be perfect.

It took hours upon hours of tedious work deciphering the spell. I cracked the code eventually.... okay, I might have caved and asked my mom to read it, but that's not the point. The point is, everything was perfect. And I was ready to summon my first demon.

There was just one small problem. I misread the name of the spell... but we'll get to that in a moment.

Anywho. It was finally time. There was a new moon invisible somewhere in the sky. It was pitch black, the night air calm and still. One by one, I lit the black candles. They cast long, dim shadows all around me. Standing before my summoning circle, I began to chant the ancient words.

"O infernalis inferi mitte mihi plurimum. Omnis paveant antiquissimum omnium malorum. Sequor imperium, magne atque terribilis omnium acerba quaedam potentia. Nulla magna, quaeso te!"

The flame of the candles grew into a great inferno. Blood red smoke filled the summoning circle. The air smelled of sulfer and... Pine-sol?

I trembled as the smoke slowly dissipated. The strange aroma lingered. I expected to see the silhouette of some great and terrifying demon become visible in the smoke. No dice.

It finally cleared away, but no hellish fiend stood before me. Oh no. Instead, in the middle of the circle, sat a single, average-sized... lemon. 

Yup. I misread the name of the spell, alright. With a groan of dismay, I fell to the ground, burying my face un my hands. My weeks of preperation wasted, and for what? A citrus fruit!

"Who dares summon the mighty Lemon, master of all evil yellow and sour?" a soft, nasal voice asked from the circle. I lifted my head slowly. 

"Um... me, I guess."

"Who are you, sorcerer?

"Jane."

The lemon groaned. "I was last summoned to this mortal plane a thousand years ago. Sorcerers back then had much cooler names than *Jane*."

"Hurtful," I protested. "But whatever. I didn't want to summon a stupid lemon anyway."

"Hurtful." An awkward, lemon-scented silence hung in the air for a few moments. "If you don't want me here anyway, why don't you just break the summoning circle and allow me to be on my way?"

"Um... sure." I wiped away a part of the outline with my hand, breaking the circle.

The lemon laughed manically. "Fool!" Still laughing, he vanished with a puff of smoke, leaving a small sappling - presumably of a lemon tree - in his place.

...

"In other news, thousands of people continue to suffer from the strange new Lemon Mouth epidemic, unable to get the intensely sour flavor of lemon out of their mouths." The news anchor's face was grim as she delivered the news. Behind her, scenes of chaos played. Riots, looting, fires, crying children, the works.

I sat sheepishly before the grand council. The High Matriarch, Karen, turned off the TV.

"Let me get this straight. You discover an ancient, forbidden incantation and manage to summon one of the most evil entities in the Nine Hells... because you *can't read cursive*?"

"That... about sums it up. Yeah."


