The streets were busy during the rush hour as I walked through the crowd like a fish would swim up stream. Smelling of gasoline, hot dogs, and piss the city felt alive again. I could hear people chatting about their day, their stocks and bonds, their children, and even the schizo's were having wonderful conversations. It had been a good day for me. I was walking the street just coming from a varied-medium art class and felt great about what we had talked about a few hours earlier. The art teacher had talked about darkness. She asked us if we could find beauty in some of the darker parts of life. Our assignment for the week was to come up with a beauty in darkness project. Use our favorite medium to portray the beauty in the darkness of human life. It intrigued me. So I walked the street with my camera and snapped a few photos of the more dark and dangerous parts of town. Plenty of my favorites were from under the east street bridge. Even all the homeless folk looked...at peace.

Just as I turned the corner heading down the street my apartment was on I saw a strange sight. The stream I had been moving against suddenly opened up around someone sitting againssquatirty wall. I could hear gasps and gags, scoffs of disgust and ews from the passers by. I pushed through the crowd and looked at what everyone was avoiding. Could it be another beauty in darkness shot?
What I saw was very different. It was a girl. She was about may age, maybe 22 or 23. Wearing a knee length white dress and no shoes. Her dark brown hair obscured her face slightly but I could tell she had a beautiful facial structure. I squated down a few feet from her. Her legs were crossed out in front of her and her hands folded in her lap. Her skin looked flawless but quite dirty.

"Are you okay, miss?" I inquired.
She pointed to herself very slowly.
"Yes, you. Is everything alright?"
"Why are speaking to me?" Her voice was so beautiful it made me drop my jaw.
"Uhm...well...you're just sitting here on the street. Do you need any help? Do you have a place to go?"
The people walking by were whispering to themselves and others but I couldn't make it out. I knew it was about me talking to the girl though. I had no idea why.
"I have no home." she said.
"No home? How about food? Do you need food?"
"I do not eat."
"Don't eat, either." I looked around to find people looking at me in horror.
"Why is everyone looking at you like that? Looks like they're scared of you." I knelt down in front of her.
"Why are YOU not scared of me?"
"What's there to be scared of?"
"I am not like you."
"Is that such a bad thing?"
"Humans think so."
Humans? What was she talking about?
I took a moment to respond. "What do you mean humans? You're a human."
"I am not."
What the fuck? Another schizo I thought.
"Okay well then what are you?"
"I am death."
"You're death? Right."
She looked me in the eyes and I finally got a good look at her face.

Her deep green eyes were piercing and cold. Dead almost. Her lips were dark and slightly blue. Skin was soft and pale. She was gorgeous. Absolutely amazingly gorgeous. I gasped. She was the most beautiful creature I had ever seen.
As our eyes met I knew that she was telling the truth. I don't know how but she conveyed the darkest reality she could through those cold dead eyes. She looked back down after a few seconds.

"You're death. How? How are you real?" I squeaked out.
"I was banished to the material world. Now humans see me the same way they feel about death. Everyone is scared but you."
Death. The most beautiful woman I had ever seen. How? Why? I still don't understand.
"You're so beautiful though. How do people see you differently than I do?" I said.
She looked back up at me.
"Beautiful? How do you see me as beautiful?"
"I don't know but you are the most beautiful thing I have ever seen."

I ended up taking her back to my apartment and I could tell people saw me walking with what they saw as a monster.
She showered and I washed her dress. Somehow she smelled of calla lillies. Naturally, I assumed, because I have no lilly fragrances in my apartment. I gave her some of my exes clothes which I never got around to giving back and surprisingly they fit her.
We talked for hours and we got to know each other. She thought it would be a good idea to have a human name: Thana.

I asked to take photos of her and she obliged.
I had hoped that I could capture the beauty in her being the human embodiment of death.
I showed the rest of my class the photos of my project, saving Thana's for last. The entire class had different reactions for the photo. Mostly negative. I assume it was because it was a really great picture but the subject was hideous to them.
It was hideous to all of my classmates...
Excpet the one girl whom I had a crush on.


She thought it was beautiful.
She thought DEATH was beautiful as I did.