"I'm sorry, but could you please repeat that?" 

Satan leaned back slightly in his chair, playfully running a finger through his golden locks. 

"You. Are. In. Hell," he said, the vague outline of a smile on his face. "Enjoy your stay." he paused for a moment, then quickly added "I'm sure it'll be a _lively_ experience." Seeming very satisfied with himself, he pushed a little red button on his desk, and before I could ask another question,  I was sent tumbling down a dark shaft into another smaller room which looked suspiciously like the one I had when I was a child. 

The same room where I was beaten, molested, and eventually shot by my Mother. Funny. 

I begin to get up off the floor and look around to see if my earlier assumption of where I am is correct, but then a light goes off in the center of the room illuminating a single chair and a TV with a stack of what appear to be VHS tapes next to it. I hesitate a bit but then move over to get a better look. "Home Movies," is what the label reads. I'm quite sure I never had any of those as a child -couldn't have any of the beatings on film, no no. 

I pick one up and begin to throw it over my shoulder, but somehow I end up inserting it into the TV instead. I end up sitting in the chair with everything seeming very hazy, like a dream or, more aptly, a nightmare. 

And then the footage starts. 

I see my life unfold before me, and I notice something odd right from the start: the people with me at the hospital aren't my parents. At least not the ones I knew growing up. 

I stare speechless at the screen, not wanting to continue watching, but at the same time filled with a desire to know more. 

Satan kindly obliges, and the tape speeds up. 

I watch these people whom I've only just met lovingly speak to me as they put me gently in the car and drive me where I can only assume is our "house" : a small rundown house in between a couple of larger apartment buildings. I'm appalled at the sight of such an environment and think that surely I, Dale Dimmadome, heir to the founder of the Dimmsdale Dimmadome corporation, should've had more than this. 

But something strange happens: my "parents" smile and laugh as they walk through the busted door and enter the squalor in which they live. And I laugh, or at least my past self does. 

I seem...happy. "that's impossible," I mutter as I watch on. How could anyone be happy with such a life? But they... I... We, looked happy. 

As I watch my parents raise me with affection, I feel something I didn't know I was capable of feeling as a corpse: sadness . I suppose eternal suffering wouldn't be complete without emotions to remind you what you once were. But Its been 3 years now of me watching the life I don't remember, and I also feel something else as well: love. These people took care of me when they could barely take care of themselves, and they did it because they wanted to. Because they loved me. 

But then I turn 4, and they get the news. Child services has caught on to the conditions I live in, and they refuse to let a child be raised like this. They tear me away from my mother's arms as I, both of me, scream at them to stop. My mother cries and cries, and my dad watches helplessly as I'm dragged away to what would later become my living hell. The screen cuts to black. 

I get up and go for the next tape, but something gives me pause. I look back up and see that the screen has cut to static, and then it cuts back to the film. Huh, I guess it's not over. I sit back down, and wonder why the camera is still on the house when it should have moved on with me. Stupid tape must have gotten stuck. As I get up to check, I understand why. 

This is from my parents' point of view. I watch them sitting on the floor, with a look of emptiness in their eyes. Not sadness, not anger, just emptiness. My dad reaches into a bottle and pulls out a pill. He hands one to my mother as well. I read the bottle. Cyanide. My jaw drops, and so do theirs. I begin to scream. They remain silent. I begin to pound on the TV. They remain still. I begin to sob. So do they. They put the pills in their mouths, and bite down.

And I turn away. 

(more coming? Maybe?) 

