'Look...they're doing it again.'

'Doing what?'

'Just...look come over here and take a look at the damn screen.'

'Oh, well isn't that just the sweetest thing.'

'I know, right? The transmission arrived just this morning. What you would expect of course, you know; 'is anyone out there', 'we come in peace', all that bollocks.'

'They really are adorable, did you see recently that they just celebrated a hundred years without any major wars between themselves? They exchanged gifts, they sang, they embraced each other, it really was quite something.'

'Yeah, it's quite incredible in it's own way.'

'Yeah...'

...


'We should probably just get it over with though, you know? Bite the bullet, and all that. Full on invade the place, strip the resources, assimilate the good bits of genetic code, etc, etc, and move on.'

'What, why?'

'Well, isn't it cruel not to?'

'Don't be silly.'

'No but I mean...look I don't want to be a dick or anything. You know I enjoy their silly little behaviours as well. But you know how this goes. Look, we have successfully invaded every known system in the local cluster right?'

'Right.'

'In every case, resistance has been utterly futile, right?'

'Damn right, poor fuckers never stood a chance...'

'Well yes, exactly. Now tell me why we do this.'

'You know why...'

'Yes, but come on now...just spell it out, back to basics kinda stuff. Explain it to me as if I was still a juvenile.'

'Ok then, we do what we do because of the fundamental law of the universe. There is no value to be found in genetic stagnation, it has been shown a thousand times over. Species must constantly fight, within themselves and externally, if they are to evolve into ever more perfect life forms. It is the only way to survive the long night.'

'Indeed...'

'I mean, just look at them! Even on their world, humans have not evolved significantly in thousands of years! They are not even the strongest organism on their planet! They keep their weak alive out of pity and they seek cooperation out only because the alternative of war is a hard struggle which would interrupt their comfy little lives. As a species they are like a dull blade!'

'Yes I agree, so why don't we just finish them off?'

'Well...'

'If they are so fundamentally useless why do we keep them around? I mean, I enjoy their silly little antics as much as you do, but when did we become the type of people who kept around things simply because they amused us?'

'Well...I guess it's because they're the only ones. The only ones we have come across who, having achieved sentience, have ultimately chosen peace over war. It is unprecedented; and the worse thing is that the instinct for violence is there, but they suppress it.'

'They're unique then...will it help them survive the long night?'

...

'Will anything?'