For the 313th time.

Artious lets loose another flurry of blows. 

I take it the same way I took the previous 312 rounds. Another grunt. A fall to my knees. The burn of wind escaping my lungs. And, again, for the 313th time, I gasp, “Not again Artious.” I bellow menacingly,

“I have you now, Magnotros,” she exclaims confidently. “It is I who have you!”

Her siren call pierces my heart. It’s almost sweet she believes this will defeat me. 

I have come to love this agonising theatre just as I have always loved her. I know the outcome. It is always the same. Soon the police will arrive. I will be put in chains… then off to the max penitentiary… then escape… only to repeat this torture of undeclared love… I mean how could I tell her?  How could I declare my love for this vision of beauty, this being of light, this woman who dominates my universe and who captured my heart. A superheroine.

Who would imagine that I, the most feared supervillain on the planet, would fall for a hero such as her. She wears no mask. Her confidence overwhelms. She has no secret identity. No pretence or falsehood. She hides behind neither mask nor hypocrisy.

What would the Villain League think of me? Better they think I’m old and weak than lost to her.

The police arrive with the customary wail of sirens. Artious pins me. “Okay, okay,” I yield. I gasp, smiling to myself my face pressed into the bitumen. As always the police throw their preprepared titanium chains across my prostrate body, rendering useless my supernatural shock wave ability.  (Not that I have ever used that against her.)

“Artious,” a cop says, “Once again we are in your debt.” And just the sound of her name makes my heart skip. 

But something is different this time.

The gravel my face is pressed into begins to vibrate. I smell something I cant quite distinguish. Then it hits me!  Raulit hovers above me. “Need a hand, old man?” he scoffs and snaps his fingers. The recently arrived police incinerate. Their ash snows down upon me.

I’m still pinned beneath their chains. 

Panic ensues. I feel Raulit move to face Artious. “Enough of these games! Time to deal with the new blood in town! Time to end this once and for all!“

I struggle to free myself shouting and screaming the fear ripping at my heart. “Don’t hurt her!“

I hear Artious scream. Her voice, I’ve never heard the sound. My blood runs cold.

Then silence. A dead silence. My heart breaks. This pain. This wretched soul-destroying pain. I scream her name, “Artious, my love, my life, my world…

 A hand touches the chain. Fingers caress my cheek. I hear her voice, “Magnotros my love, my life, my world…“