*Knock, knock, knock.*

Each bang on the door progressively became louder. Mason was sitting quietly in his living room only feet away, mindlessly flipping through television stations. Infomercials, reruns, and talk shows flashed across the screen, only for him to stop on Good Morning America. The knocks startled him and his head snapped towards the door. The brief moment of panic settled and he stood up, muttering to himself as he went to look through the peephole. 

“It’s 7:30. Can’t you Jehovah’s wait until I leave for work…”

Two well-dressed men stood at his door, both nearly identical in appearance; tinted aviators, a charcoal suit and tie, and a brass tie bar which held their silky accessory in place. 

“Can I help you?” Mason asked the two as he cracked the door, trying his best to sound polite through his groggy voice. 

“Mister McCormick, this is First Lieutenant Figueroa, and I’m Captain Underwood. We’re with the United States Air Force Security Forces. Would you mind stepping outside for a moment?” 

Mason had opened the door completely at this point, placing himself between the airmen and his living room. Captain Underwood had removed a wallet-sized badge from his jacket pocket and offered it to Mason as he stepped outside and closed the door behind him.

“What’s this about?” Mason asked, seeming a bit less polite than before. He grabbed the badge hastily and opened it, looking it over curiously. 

Figueroa piped up, “We’ve been ordered to bring you in for questioning. Please come with us.” he said, turning sideways and motioning towards the nondescript white Chevrolet that was parked in front of the home. 

“Questioning for what? I’ve done nothing wrong.” Mason replied, tilting his head a bit as he slipped the badge back into Underwood’s palm. “Do you have a warran- do you even have the authority to do that?” he asked loudly, backing up a bit towards the door. 

Underwood sighed and slowly pulled the left-side of his suit jacket back, revealing a holstered handgun. He rested his hand on the grip and fixed his eyes on Mason.

“Mister McCormick, you need to come with us. You can walk yourself to the car or we can bring you there ourselves.” the Captain insisted, stepping back a bit to give Mason room to comply.

And he did. 

Mason swore up and down underneath his breath as he walked towards the car with Figueroa in tow. Confused, angry, and tired, Mason wasn’t sure what he had gotten himself into. The door slammed quickly as he was placed in the backseat, Underwood taking the helm and Figueroa riding shotgun. The car began moving as a quick exchange went out via radio between the First Lieutenant and a staticy female voice:

>“This is First Lieutenant Figueroa, Spaceman has been secured.”
>
>“[Inaudible] ...unharmed?”
>
>“Affirmative.”

Mason fidgeted with his fingers as he stared out of the car’s window, both of the suits remaining completely silent. They passed over the Spokane River and Latah Creek before Mason finally spoke. 

“Where are you taking me?” he asked, leaning forward in his seat, head almost parallel to the two in front of him.

“Sit back.” Figueroa said quickly.

Assisted by a harsh shove from the Captain, Mason rested against the backseat, eyes focused on the ceiling of the car. “This can’t be happening. This can’t. What did I even do wrong?” he thought to himself, sighing heavily. The reality of the situation starting to set in.

Thirty minutes passed before the car began to slow to a crawl, the trio passing through a gate with two armed guardsmen on each side. Mason glanced out of the window at the sign near their booths: *Fairchild Air Force Base* it read, the emblem matching the one on Captain Underwood’s badge.

The car moved quickly through the base afterwards, passing a grounded pair of tanker planes before coming to a complete halt inside of a dark, nearly-empty hangar. The door of the hangar began to slowly descend, the two suits refusing to exit the vehicle until it was closed entirely. 

“Get out.” Figueroa said, pulling the backdoor open. “Quickly now.” he insisted, watching Mason step out onto the concrete ground. 

“General Jamerson.” Underwood said loudly, closing his door and offering a salute to the man in blue who had begun to approach them. 

“Captain Underwood.” the figure said, returning the salute briefly before his attention turned to Mason. He stared for a moment before a grin crossed his face, turning on his heel. “Good. Get him to the table.” he said, starting back towards the center of the hangar. 

Figueroa quickly grabbed Mason’s arm and shoulder, and Mason quickly yelped at the sudden forcefulness. 

 “Get the fuck off of me!” he yelled, writhing and trying to escape the First Lieutenant’s grip, but to no avail. He was pulled towards the center of the structure and tossed hastily into a folding chair in front of a plastic table. Figueroa and Underwood exchanged nods and fixed their eyes on Mason, hands resting on the grips of their weapons. 

“Mister McCormick…” General Jamerson said, thumbing through a manila folder that rested on the table. “Have you ever heard of a game called *No Man’s Sky*?” he asked, placing his fingers together as he looks up at Mason with a grin.

“Ye- why does that matter? Why am I here?!” Mason said quickly, irritated by the General’s seemingly irrelevant question. Sweat started to slowly drip down his face and he felt his stomach begin to turn. This was really happening.

General Jamerson looked between the Captain and First Lieutenant, then back to Mason. 

“You’ve been selected for an incredibly important national security initiative, Mister McCormick. You’ve shown that you have just the sort of can-do attitude that’s needed for this program. We can offer you unmatched benefits and an excellent salary, and all you need to do is spend some time abroad.” Jamerson said, closing the manila folder and sliding it back towards himself. A red *TOP SECRET; CLASSIFIED MATERIAL* header was visible.

Mason’s face twisted as he settled back in the chair, realizing he would be unable to flee no matter how hard he tried. His face turned pale and his heart pounded faster than normal.

“Why me? What could I possibly do for you?” he asked slowly, arms falling to his side.

“Believe me, if we could have gotten better, we would have. But you, Mason, you’re the best we’ve got. We even had Secretary Mabus discuss this with Scott Kelly, but he wasn’t able to make it through training.” Jamerson said, standing up from his seat and slowly moving to the other side of the table.

“How did you do it?” he asked, placing his hand on Mason’s shoulder in an attempt to comfort the captive.

“Do what?” Mason replied, looking Jamerson’s face over. “You have to have the wrong guy.”

“How did you, of all people, make it to 46 hours in *No Man’s Sky*? I tried it. These two tried it…” he motioned to Figueroa and Underwood. “We’ve had our best pilots try it. The Navy had their best submariners and aviators try it. Two of them went completely mad at 20 hours.” the General sighed and paused for a moment, taking a deep breath. His grip tightened.

“So tell me, Mason, how did you do it?”

Mason quirked a brow at the General, looking between both of the suits that had taken him from his home and then back to Jamerson. He opened his mouth briefly before slamming it shut, still trying to process everything that’s happened so far. The sweating stopped for the most part and the stomach pain had nearly subsided. 

“I…” he fixed his eyes on General Jamerson again. “...haven’t played it since launch. I just turned my computer off last night and noticed it was still running.” 



____

I rarely write, so if I could get some feedback, I'd really appreciate it. Just be constructive!

 








