Mizquic lurched to the railing, spilling both lunch and dinner into the black sea. 

Xochi shook his head and smiled. "You didn't have to come, brother. This is little more than a supply mission."

But Mizquic waved off the taller, broader man, lengthening himself, stretching out with his hands towards the white stars above. "You hardly see stars like this in the cities," said Mizquic. "The view alone is worth the seasickness."

"Seasickness is far from the smallest price we'll pay on this journey," said Xochi. "I can hardly believe we're going home. After all this time..."

"Is it home, though?" said Mizquic. "I was born in the ruins of Lisbon. Despite what we've made of those Mediterranean lands, I cannot pretend I don't yearn for them, even now."

Xochi nodded. "Admittedly, I only half-remember Tenochtitlan and much of that through father's tales. But that is our true home. The nations we conquer are but tributaries. We must not become fond of them, no matter what beauties we find there."

Mizquic laughed. "No offense brother, but isn't it too late for that? This conquest has lasted entire lifetimes now. It's not as though we are grinding these ancient civilizations under foot, either. With each successive conquest, we merge more deeply, to the extent I genuinely wonder if our native ancestors will recognize us as their own."

Xochi's eyes flared. "Our blood is stronger than that. You should know this."

"And yet father gave me a second name," said Mizquic. "Frederico. When I present *that* to our ancestral relatives, do you think they will feel the same?"

Xochi's eyes softened. He turned them up toward the stars. "I didn't bring you along to make me ponder such unpleasant thoughts."

"We are different people than them," said Mizquic. "That was inevitable. But we are still conquerors. There is nothing to fear."

Suddenly, cries rang out across the moonlit deck. "Derelict!" someone shouted. "Light! Light!"

Xochi and Mizquic sprang to action. Though commanders in the fleet, it was not in their nature to let others do all the work. In the surrounding darkness, they found a listing ship. An Aztec ship. An older one, from back before they knew how to conquer the seas. The sort of ship they would have left behind before marching out to take the world.

There was but a lone survivor on the ship. A miserable old woman who quailed at the sight of Xochi's crewmen. She was Aztec, though. Mexica, if one had to guess.

Her story came in halting fragments. She had been without food and water for some time. The ship was filled with corpses.

"We run," she muttered, in an accent Mizquic was disturbed to find he could barely understand. "We run. They hunt. We run."

A party had taken to the sea, it seemed. To escape some threat. "A coup, do you think?" said Xochi. "Father says that blood always rules out in our native lands. Perhaps one tribe hunts another?"

"What tribe?" said Mizquic. "What tribe hunts you?"

"No tribe," said the old woman, shaking violently. She'd been unable to keep any of the offered food down. Mizquic worried she'd perish soon. "Demons. Demons. Flame-headed demons..."

"*Demons*?" Xochi and Mizquic looked at one another. What madness was this? 

"Heads of flame," whispered the old woman. "Horned helmets. Great silver axes...demons...strange wicked white demons..."

"I don't understand," said Xochi. "But calm yourself. We will return to land soon. You will be safe, so you must..."

"NO!" screeched the old woman, rising to her feet. "We can't! We must run!"

"There is nothing to fear," said Xochi firmly, trying to grab the old woman. "When we return home you will see, there is...."

But the old woman ripped herself free with shocking speed and dove over the railing with what must have been the last of her strength. They searched the dark waters, but no sign of her ever emerged.

"What did she fear so greatly?" wondered Mizquic.

"Nothing," said Xochi. "There is nothing to fear. We are members of the mighty Aztec empire. There will never be anything to fear."

But in the distance there were flames. The shore was on fire. Still, they headed home. Nearly there.

"Those ships..." said Mizquic, looking out on rows of strange vessels. They were like nothing he had ever seen before.

"Someone else has come," said Xochi quietly. The air was heavy with smoke and the smell of burnt flesh. Mizquic looked down and saw that his brother clenched a sword in his hand. A Spanish design.

"It appears we are the not the only explorers in this world," said Mizquic. 

Cries came up from the shore. A strange, foreign language. And men like nothing they had encounter in the Mediterranean.

"But we are the greatest of them all," said Xochi, raising his sword. "And we welcome every challenger."