"Fuck" - Tenn O'gul yelled out in disgust while spitting the beer out. That was his 26th victim of the night, and he had yet to taste a single drop of blood in his mouth. Tenn O'gul used to be a Count back when before people knew what a gun was. But nowadays, he's just an old, short, and ugly vampire.

It had been hard for not just him but all vampires since the booming in advancement of bio engineering. People started to replace certain natural body parts with something else. Most commonly is the replacement of blood with beer for better metabolically energy absorption. It had been exactly 472 days since the last time Tenn O'gul found a human with actual blood in their veins.

There was not much he can do but moved on and hunt for another human. Tenn O'gul had grown apathetic. After dropping his last victim's body at the dumpster, Tenn O'gul proceeded to fly aimlessly for hours. He turned his head left and right, he flew toward the moon and back looking for his next prey but all he found was frustration and angst filling up his whole body. You could see the lights in his eyes had died out long ago, he had lost all hope of ever finding a human with actual blood. 

"HELP! SOMEBODY HELP ME!" 

A voice echo from down below, not too far away from where Tenn O'gul was at. Tenn O'gul slowly flew toward the source and landed on top of an old building. He looked down to the dark alley below and saw a woman. The night was dark, but being a vampire, Tenn O'gul could see exactly what was going on.

The woman was small. She wore a brown sweater over polka dot dress with a chestnut-color scarf around her neck. They all seemed a bit too big for her size. She covered her head with a grey beanie, but Tenn O'gul could still make out the green highlight in her hair. She looked like what you would call a hipster. But Tenn O'gul didn't care about that, all he cared was that she looked humanly enough to be his next victim.

In front of her was a 7ft tall man. To call him a man was not entirely correct. The right side of his body was replaced with mechanical machinery. The sounds of gear clicking and whirling with every moves he made. But he didn't spark an interest in Tenn O'gul because Tenn knew that there were no human blood underneath all those mechanical parts. 

The man raised both of his hands in the air, signaling a taunt toward the woman:

"C'mon, you can do better than that girl" - he spoke in a half-man, half-robot voice - "C'mon, try harder"

Tenn O'gul was just sitting on top of the building observing. He was not really interested in the situation, he was just bored. He had no intention of saving nor preying on the woman because he did not want to fight the half-man for a small chance of the woman having actual blood in her body. 

"No? You're not gonna scream anymore?" - As the half-man grabbed the woman's arm and pushed her against the wall - "Well then this is gonna be veeerrry easy"

"Do you even have a dick down there anymore, half-man?" - the woman spoke in a surprisingly calming manner - "Should I even call you a man if you're dickless?"

Tenn O'gul couldn't help but let out a little grin. He did not expect her act like that in her situation. 

The half-man got taken back a bit. He also did not expect her to say something like that. It wasn't long before he grew aggressive again out of embarrassment .

"Fuck you, bitch" - the gears in his right arm whirled as he raise it and slapped the living hell out of the woman. She fell to the ground and hit her head against the wall. Her beanie fell off, and something was oozing out of her wound... something RED. 

Tenn O'gul knew exactly what he saw. The red liquid that he craved for so long. It is now right in front of him. Before the half-man could see it coming, Tenn O'gul flew down from the building and ripped his mechanical arm off of him. The half-man was thrown across the alley, laying his back against the cold, hard cement. He looked straight at Tenn O'gul in horror. And even tho Tenn O'gul appearance is just a small, ugly old man, the half-man knew he could not do anything in front of this hungry beast. As chills were sent down his spine, he grew the courage to mutter: 

"What... are... y.." - Tenn O'gul plunged his finger nails through the half-man's neck, ended his life before he could say his final word.

Tenn O'gul then turned back to the woman who was observing the whole ordeal. At that moment, she knew her fate was sealed. Unlike with the half-man, she knew there was nothing she could say to get out of the situation. In front of her was an ugly and vicious creature who would not be fazed by reasons. His eyes were filled with not just hunger but excitement. She was looking at him, but he wasn't looking at her. His attention was drawn to the red line of blood on her forehead. He wanted to tear her apart and drown himself in it but he also wanted to savor it. He slowly walked up to her and patted her hair to the side, revealing where the line of blood came from.

While the woman was shaking in horror, Tenn O'gul was shaking in excitement. It had been too long for him and he was enjoying every moment of it. He raise his fore finger up, the same one that went through the half-man's neck, drenched it with the blood from the woman's forehead and then put it in his mouth.

His eyes immediately turned red. His body started to shake even more violently. He let out a roar tearing through the silence of the night. What he felt wasn't rejuvenation, it was desperation. It wasn't a roar of excitement that came out of him, it was a roar of wrath for what he tasted wasn't what he expected.

"WHAT. THE FUCK. IS THIS?" - Tenn O'gul looking straight at the woman, his gaze was completely focused on her and not on her forehead.

"What... what.. do you mean?" - said the confused woman.

"What was in your blood? That wasn't human blood" - Tenn O'gul roared loudly

"I had body... modification... I don't.. have any... human blood in me." - the woman could not spoke straight for she was crying before the terrifying sight of angry Tenn O'gul

"Then why the fuck is it not beer?? Why is it red?" - Tenn O'gul voice cracked. He was on the verge of breaking down to tears. He thought he has finally found it, but once again, his hopes were crushed. All he felt at that moment was absolute desperation.

"I'm... I'm... allergic to gluten... I can't... have beer in my veins..." - the woman continued - "I... I... got my blood... replaced.. with Sriracha... instead"

That was the final straw. Tenn O'gul broke down in front of the woman. He was no longer the vicious beast. His small body crumpled up and you could see that he was even smaller than the woman. 

And then, he started to cry like a baby.