'Wait, that can *happen*?'

My pen scribbled nearly autonomously on the form, permitting me to devote much of my conscious thought to scratching my forehead, which had grown precipitously since I'd began my career in this office two decades earlier.  Officially, we're known as enhacement liaisons, though most of my colleagues use the euphemism *jockey*.  The less charitable, both in and out of the enhanced community, perjoratively call us fluffers.  Jockeys are the part of society that doesn't fall into the five percent that are touched by fate, or chance if you prefer, but are unfortunate enough to be reminded of that every moment of the work week.

My newest case, a rail-thin cartoon of a young man with absurdly thick-framed glasses and a spotty complexion despite his age, repeated the question and I sighed.

'Can?  Did you happen to see the cloth partition wall in the waiting area?'  He nodded and bent forward as though anticipating a harrowing tale not to be missed.  'That partition is all that remains to mark the existence of my previous supervisor.  Her and that goddamn ostrich'.

'Ostrich?'

'One of her cases came in to bloom, a young woman about turn twenty-eight like yourself.  No worries, happens ten or fifteen times a month most months.  Where things took a decidedly queer turn is when a nine foot ostrich materialised from nowhere and tackled my supervisor through that wall and out the window.  She survived the eight-storey fall only to be crushed outright by not only the largest flightless bird seen since the coming of man but also her favourite animal since childhood.  It was only after some evaluation that we discovered the girl's power was actually weaponised irony.  Or coincidence.  I've never actually got the difference entirely sorted'.  My forehead attended to, I returned my attention to scribbling.

'Jesus, d'ya think that's likely to happen to me?'

'Being tackled through a wall and office window by a nine-foot ostrich?  Only if your power is the most improbable species of plagiarism.  Most people fall into class one enhancements: no discernible use.  People that vomit up used matches or can fix a laserdisc player in five minutes no matter how damaged or poorly maintained.  I had a guy last week that spontaneously learnt the lyrics to every song by Little River Band.  We thought he was pretending to be an enhanced till we confirmed he carried the genes.  Class two enhancements are the generally useful sort.  The ones you've probably seen going about their jobs using their powers most likely fall into that class.  They make the world a little better and go home at the end of the day same as the rest of us.'  I put down my pen and steepled my hands like Vincent Price.  It's singuarly effective at getting undivided attention.

'Class three is where it starts getting dicey.  Flyers, firestarters, benders of various sorts.  Soldiers that can hit their target no matter where they aim.  Guys that can deadlift a lorry.  These are the people that the Ministry of Defence monitors.  You've probably passed one on the street and would never know it because they aren't permitted to use their power publicly.  Far too destabilising.'

I leant back in my chair for further dramatic effect.  'And then there's class four.  In the ocean of the human genome, these people spell out the words "there be monsters here".  People that can inspire genocide with one slippery word.  Breath in oxygen and expel bubonic plague.  Incite riverdance flash mobs of thousands.  If you're one these then statistically you will never be seen again.  You'll be collared with a governor and tossed into solitary confinement to live out the rest of your life as one of the lost.'

He looked ready to bolt from his chair and I honestly felt the briefest moment of remorse for taking the piss out of him.  Before I could talk him down from the ledge there was a lazy knock on the door jamb.  Tim Archer stuck his annoying fucking pate in the door bearing the same insipid, glad-handing expression I'd seen so many times I'll one day be able to blindly carve it into his tombstone, God willing.

'Who's your horse, Harold?'

I sighed irritably.  'He's a client not a horse.  And if you call me Harold just once more, I'm going to take that fleshlight you're so fond of and pull it down over your head like a balaclava.  Without washing it.  Now, fucking trot on.'

He effected his typical expression of feigned, pearl-clutching surprise and held up his hands.  'No need for the hostility.  Staff meeting in an hour and I was appointed to call everyone to prayer.'

'More like volunteered, you self-important quim.  Close the door behind you.'  With a tight smile, he did just that.  Wanker.  I apologised to my client.  He looked somewhat calmer but still troubled.

'I never gave it much thought, you know?  I found out that I carried the genes when I went in for a mole removal at nine and I was excited.  I was going to be a superhero when I turned 28.  Now, I may never see my family again.  I'm supposed to be married next fall.'  That last drew down his already long face to resemble a kicked puppy.  Sighing, I went round the desk and gave him a reassuring pat on the shoulder.

'You almost certainly will, son.  Like I said, most people are class ones.  Maybe your missus will be supremely lucky and your power will be having farts that smell like Feast'.  He looked at me for a long moment and then one side of his mouth turned up in a begrudging smile that I returned.  I reached over the desk, took the approval stamp and pressed it to his qualification voucher.  Then I handed it to him.  'Time for you to bloom, young master.  Your qualification theatre is room thirty-one.  Best of luck to you.'

I heard more than saw him begin depart but looked up when I didn't hear the slotting of the door catch.  He was looking at me again in a searching way.  Not forelorn exactly, just some immature sibling to an expression of empathy.  'You ever deal with one of them?'

My eyebrow cocked.  'Them?'

'Class fours'.

I broke his gaze and began arranging my desk for the next appointment.  'Five times.  Five in almost twenty years.  Five of the scariest moments anyone should ever have to face.'

'Did they all disappear?'

I nodded.  'All but one, at least in the way that you mean.  That one beat the odds'.

'What was their power?'  His look was no longer eager or anticipatory.  It was the look of a man that had just been told that the oceans did in fact harbour monsters and felt he needed a bigger fucking boat.

'He could make anyone believe anything he wanted.  One person, a country, the whole world.  That's why he was never caught.  How do you catch someone that can make you forget them with a single thought?'  I shook my head again.  'It's a hell of a thing when you think about it.  Of course, it had its own Achilles heel.  Fours always do.  In his case, it only worked whilst he was wearing a white shirt but we could never suss out why'.  I looked up at him again.  'It doesn't matter, mate.  You're going to make it to your wedding on time.'  I inclined my chin towards the open door and he closed it behind him.

With a sigh, I smoothed my tie down the front of my crisp white shirt and pressed the call button for my next horse.