I hoisted her up by the ropes that bound her helpless body. Her pleads for mercy, offers of sex, promises of money never had any affect on me; all I sought was to watch something beautiful be destroyed. That she would give me.

As I drew her higher into the rafters of the descolate auditorium, I pondered that ridiculous box.  As a sociopath, I had been so curious what it would be like to feel, so curious that I thought any emotion would be better than none. Yet what I found was that people were lost, angry, confused, lustful, and hateful. 

The box I had created had fashioned a link between me and the excess emotions that were donated from people. These people donated their feelings rather than dealt with them theirselves; they couldn't handle their pain, regret, fear, doubt, worry, anguish, and so on. They always talk in their prayers as if offering up their pain to God is the right thing to do, that their life is too much of a burden and they need to give their pain to someone else. I am no God, I am just a man; but a man that sees the baneful pattern humanity follows.

They cause pain to others yet when it is time for them to receive their due penance, they cannot handle it. They spread rumors and lies about others, yet when others inevitably do the same to them they view them as wrong-doers. They cheat, beguile, steal, manipulate, fake-face, and murder, yet do not want to suffer the consequences of their actions. They want to continue living their villanous life but do not want to deal with how it makes them feel. They don't want to deal with the aftermath.

I have become your aftermath. All of the pain which you so rightly deserve has become mine.

And I hunger for your destruction.

The tears streaming down her face soaked through the rope. Had I not tied it so taut she surely would have slipped through. She was sixty feet in the air, suspended over the pit of fire and blades that would bring her demise.

I was almost reeling from the emotional rollercoaster that we were sharing in this moment - as fast as she could feel she was offering it to me. As exhausting as this exercise was, it was the only way I could force another to take on their penance, fore death was not an emotion and therefore something they could not give away. This is how I have control.

As I let go of the cord and began her descent to oblivion, something came over me that I had never felt before.

Warmth surrounded me and shut all of the pain away. The torment was gone and in its place stood acceptance, knowing, humility, care, and love. What a wonderful sensation, is this what they call happiness? Oh my God I feel like I am actually feeling, that there really are answers.... what am I even saying? It contradicts everything I've ever known, how could what has made sense for me for so long all be gone in an instance? Is this a trick? Maybe I have it wrong? But... Wait... Why would someone not share this with someone else? Why is it being shared now? 

The rope was shooting through my hands so fast it was a blur.

I felt there was hope, that change could happen, that I could change, that humanity could change. If I could feel this way, certainly anyone could feel this way, and it doesn't all have to be so terrible. Someone must have had such an excess of happiness that they could give some to another... If that's possible, then maybe there is a way. Maybe people can do good to others and in return good is done to them? That they can achieve ever greater levels of happiness instead of a downward spiral of self perpetuating hell?

The explosions of cerebral healing going off in my head made me forgetful of my surroundings and what I was doing. THE ROPE!

She was plummeting now. I had to stop it.

I gripped the rope with both hands and all my strength and weight to stop it. Please no, please let it stop. 

The rope tore at my hands sending blood airborn as I grasped it, the sound was terrible like a blender shredding through the plastic walls that comprised its own anatomy. At first it didn't seem like my efforts were slowing the rope at all, but then little by little...

It was slowing, YES. Even though the pain was immense, it was worth it. I was going to save her. 

I brought her descent to a crawl, she had about 5 feet left before she would have been dead. And then at last, a complete stop.

I had done it... I let out a huge sigh of relief. She was fine, or at least as fine as someone who had been through what she had could be. I let out a nervous laugh and smiled at her, unsure what her reaction would be, yet not caring. I just wanted her to know it would be okay.

Yet there was something off,  even though my grip was tight and the rope had stopped, it was still moving.

I tightened my grasp with the last of my strength, but that was when I saw, to my horror, the slick of blood gushing from my hands and slipping the rope through my titanic grip.

It was slow at first, inches at a time she was lowered. With all my will I wanted it to stop, please God no, please please please don't let this happen, not now, not after experiencing what I have gone through. 

Before my eyes she was lowered into that hell I had created. I wanted to turn away but I couldn't; I couldn't believe my eyes yet they were not lying to me. I kept hoping it was a hallucination, that she was still right where I saved her, but my eyes were not deceiving me.

Her cries engulffed my senses, her emotions were mine and I shared her pain as she writhed in the fire and holes were gouged into her from the sharp instruments. I was now agony incarnate and felt more in that moment than I had felt my entire life.

And then it was gone as she ceased to be. Only the sound of the fires licking her charred corpse and my heaving cries prevailed through the otherwise quiet auditorium.

In between my vehement cries I couldn't help but ask myself, how could I live with myself given what I had done? What was I to do with these feelings?