He laughed. That's all he did. Just like when they had found him, atop the guy's bashed head. This time, however, the laugh was so demonic and evil that it brought the whole courtroom to shivers. 

Greg Fisher was a 24 year old man and he had recently discovered his tendency and also somewhat fortunately skill for violence. Neither the law nor the government knew what this was all about. The Triads and the Russians had only recently discovered these individuals and they were paid *handsomely*. 

Freddy Binocci's men found him wandering the streets several hours later. He was in ecstasy, drunk on happiness. Kill anyone without any consequence? This was any murdering psychopath's wet dream. "Binocci sends an invitation." 

Truthfully, he had half expected this but he wasn't sure they would swallow their pride to work with an Irishmen. Not that he had anything to do with them. Most of them were sniffling whatever they could find. 

"A black Cadillac will be waiting for you 3 blocks down. Do as you're told and you're good." He simply nodded and proceeded to stroll down the street without even the slightest change of expression.

Binocci was a god among men. Not only had he driven all of his rivals out of Manhattan, every single transaction meant a tribute paid to him. "You couldn't buy a carton of milk without Freddy up your ass." people said on the street. 

The car was stopped next to a noodle shop. A black 2018 Escalaide. Whoever thought that wasn't suspicious? Then again, who would even stray closer than 30 feet next to Binocci anyway? 

Simply amused by this whole ordeal he decided to jest Binocci on his offer for a while and simply climbed in. The interior was lush with quilted leather and wooden veneer. Custom made, he thought. The guy up front had a gun pointed towards him, a P229 with a few mods here and there. "Nice gun" he said. "Just sit down kid." said Binocci with a rough voice, politely but still commandingly. 

"You're intercepting a ship for us. It is expected at the docks this afternoon. Some Ukrainians are shipping some coke to the Russians. Danny will watch your back and if you even think of switching sides, he will make sure to put a nice one right in your neck. Don't worry, you won't even feel it." He was a bit too direct and Greg liked that about him but he had always liked to drag things. 

"Aren't the Russians bad with the Ukrainians? Trouble back home and all that?"

"That's not for us to argue and for you to question. Now escort him to the supplies Tony. A painter needs his brush, after all." He stopped for a moment and motioned him tp come over. "I want to see Brooklyn painted red, kid. Can you do that for me?" 

"That's what I do."

END OF CHAPTER ONE? 