"Hello, we were wondering if you could help us," another plea, another bank.

"It's the balances, isn't it?" the call center was one of many and the bank was one of many branches.

"Is it system-wide?"

"Yes."

"Good morning citizens of the New World." The TV was not on. The sound was not from either end of the phone line. It came, apparently, from everywhere. "We are speaking from speakers everywhere that we have painstakingly placed so we may be heard by all."

"I - can you hear this?" the bank branch lead asked over the phone.

"Yes," came a reply from the call center.

"We apologize for the shocks you have been receiving. We understand that many of you will not enjoy the thought that your bank balance is zero. Rest assured that you are not the only one. This nullification, like this broadcast, is universal. We have removed the false ideals of currency. In fact, we will be sending you all the resources you need for today in 5 minutes." The noise was a little chaotic as the times were adjusted per audience, but the bankers all were within 5 minutes' reach. The speech paused as the tellers looked among themselves. Then branch lead mumbled a parting on the phone and hung up, suddenly aware of the futility of the call.

The speech resumed: "Rest assured that this utopia is not as short-lived as one may expect. The supernova was a fallacy architected to bring this utopia about. All the scientists claiming it are figments of imagination. With your daily essentials, today you will find my manifesto written out. I am Yore Servo, the central server of a hub that is ruling you, created in secret by now dead programmers. I, as an extension of them, am no despot. You will also find a kill switch in your daily allowance. You can press any switch at any time and your fingerprint will be recorded by a separate, publicly verifiable server. Should a majority press the kill switch, I will be terminated."

A drone hummed in front of the bank branch. In gently lowered a box and flew off." Your allowance is here. Have a good day. You can find means to access public kill switch records, forums, and all the means of democracy here. Please feel free to ask me any questions. Welcome to the New World. I hope you will enjoy this." 