I didn't know her name. But I will never forget the face or the beautiful voice that brought me back from deaths cold grasp that night.


"You're not allowed to die..." 


I heard it in my head every night for the past 200 years.


"you're not allowed to die, okay?" her soft voice had said, rousing me to consciousness


I had taken an evening walk, then gotten lost in the fog that had quickly descended on the city. with no light and nothing to help guide me, I had wandered too close to the cliff wall and stumbled over the ledge, plunging to the cobblestone road below. It had been an awful fall. 60 feet to my inevitable demise.

Nothing but black. like a deep sleep. one that most don't wake from.

Then the voice. 

as soft as silk, as smooth as the calmest water in the dawn. I remember every detail about her.

Fire red hair that flowed to the small of her back, deep emerald eyes that could pierce any soul, and her beautiful voice.

I had been searching for her since that night. I would give anything to find her, to see her again. but regardless of my detailed research, I always found a dead end. 

No one on the night of my fall had seen anything. and no one in the city seemed to know of the red haired goddess that had pried my soul from the gates of the underworld.


It was strange, being immortal. I hadn't aged a day since she had saved me. never aging beyond 28 years old. 

I sat at my usual spot on the cafe patio, sipping coffee and scrolling through social media before trekking to the office for another day of menial shenanigans. 
I had lived through the wars, the conflict, the social unrest. I had seen the the freeing of the slaves and the liberation of europe. 

and yet here I was, getting ready to go to an office job i had taken. not because i needed the money, heavens no, it's because i wanted to feel like i was a part of something. I surely wasn't mortal anymore and had seen friends and family alike perish.


I was shaken out of my trance by an unfamiliar warmth, a feeling I hadn't felt in two centuries. She was here. Somewhere. 