Putrid filth etched the street in a layer of fermented decadence. My nose curled, the hairs ran for the back of my skull. My shoes would be ruined, but I was determined to keep an open mind about today. I felt my eyes betray me and snatched a look down at my Bulworth's, under siege from the slums grime. A broiling pool of disgusted anger frothed in my stomach, a painful flame in my gut.

Then I remembered. I am God, I am above this trash, above it all.

From the corner of my eye I saw a wee thing playing. My anger stilled, a lake becoming a mirror. In that reflection I saw myself, the same small child. My hands wrapped around the kitten. I could always be rough, I could rip and tear and chew. But it'd always be fine. Everything would be OK, because everything could take it.

The kitten spluttered a red slime on my face. My eyes drowned in a crimson scene. The white fur blended with the redness, my eyes scrunched in the blood. They hurt. The kitten fell silent, the garden was left only my soft whimpering. But the anger built, the kitten wasn't playing anymore, it wasn't being fun.

My parents explained to me, while wiping the cats innards from my face, what death was. I was in disbelief, I thought they were playing a game. I was in no mood. When my mother was napping I did to her, what I'd done to the kitten. She stilled. My dad was so angry, my mum was so still. I stilled him as well, they were really good at playing along with their game.

It wasn't until they smelled that I started believing them. Not being. It was a weird thing to think. Everyone I ever knew, always was, and always would be. People didn't just... go. But they did, at my hands, at my will.

The child floundered in my grasp. My fingers sent forth from a heavenly position, found a purpose around the things throat. His innards remained inward, but he left me there, all alone. But he too still remained,in a way, in my memory. His meat was left though, more pulp to swim in the muck thick puddles.

People weren't really what we saw, that was all too clear. I could remove them. What they really were. The bluntness of the past, something our world was desperate to forget. I was not this bluntness no, I was fine. A slicing presence to cut a bloody line through our choking world. I would relieve the pressure. "Have children!" I would cry, and when you are squashed to the walls choking on your own flesh, I will cleave a space.

There were men waiting for me, some who wished for my gift, others who seemed to think themselves important enough to have a say. Some thing wanted to leave. My gift was all but an express train to a world so much better. One without *you*.

I could die. I knew that well, too well. It echoed in my stomach, like a bats call in a cave. Crying out that a gods power, could kill a god.But being daunted was for the shivering things I killed, not men or gods, but weaklings. Let them squirm in the dirt. I will slide over there numbed ranks, a cutting scythe for this years wheat, and reap what our fathers sowed.

I stand before the men who had waited. What they had hoped for, or what they had feared came to pass. The rage had fueled my journey here, I walk across a bed of skulls and rope my bridges with spines. The blood spilled from their thin veins, cries followed, burning past shrieking throats came curses.

My mind felt heavy on my trip home. Wherever I went was silent, you dare not stand before a hurricane and think yourself in its depths, the forces behind are above the ground you cling to for life. So there is nothing in my ear except for my thoughts.

"Die! Death!" death had become a curse for the deathless, to utter their opposite was quite impolite. How do they see me? Are you awed by an earthquake, reverent of an erupting volcano?

No you are quiet before its power, you command your legs to run. You beat the spoiled ground because you could not outrun it.

You do not curse it.

A Gods train is quiet, as is its life. I do still wonder, are we all playing a game, you meat and I?