Everyone claimed it was the best rehibilitation home. But I couldn't help shake the feeling that something was off. After all they only wanted 200$ a month and it was located in Vancouver.
Another issue I had raised to my friends was if you looked at their web site it felt like nothing more than a short roommate wanted add. I mean ignoring the first paragraph, it totally is one.

House of sins was established in 1983 in order to help people in the Vancouver region who are recovering from drug abuse or .... It was funded by the Canadian government untill the late 2009. The house is now operated independently by it's staff.

We're looking for a single person who wants to better them selves. The cost is 200$ a month with food, board and utilities included. You will share a washroom with one other person. Please email use at the below address if you have any questions or are interested.

Houseof7in@gmail.com

I had sent an email and been accepted with a short "Please note, rent is due at the first of every month." Ya rent, not treatment fee or anything like that, rent.

The bus announces the stop and I get off. Looking around for 2537. I'm at 2500. I start peering at the mailboxes a little down the road. I give up after a moment and decided it will be faster to walk to the next set to determine which way the numbers go. They went down. A few minutes later and the walk that Google said would take 5 min has probably taken 10. 2536. Arg I'm on the wrong side of the street. I look both ways and wait for a small white car to role by before crossing the street.
The emense wall of green hedge that srounds the house towers above me.

Pushing open a small iron gate there is a short pathway to a large porch and the front door. The cleshei rocking chair, and the couch both look like this from the 80's, well used and broken in.
All three of the wooden steps up to the porch creak. I groan internally, you get what you pay for I guess.

I put my stuff down on the deck and look for a door bell. The closest thing I can find is a handle connected to a bell sevral feet above me with a do not use sign written on a Post-It note masking tapped bellow it. Well I guess I will knock. Just as I go to do so the door is opened by a well kept man in what I would describe as a suit that was too fancy to be answering the door in. Behind him was an average looking girl in a grey hoodie and short shorts. 

Done for now... Will pick it up later.