I wasn't sure if the bassline was real or not. The news had been broadcasting it for a while, though \- 10 billion. Every 12 to 13 years, we tacked on another billion people. Food was scarce in some regions, but somehow, our species continued to swell. Scientists and census experts called it to the day. The 10 billionth baby born. Humanity's first foray into an 11\-digit population total.

But nobody expected the bassline that accompanied the birth, nor did they expect the voice to be vaguely recognizable to nearly *everyone*. It broadcast across the planet an hour after the music started. Promised the means and the methods for the "top 'mil" to live in paradise forever. Images of opulence, mansions, meals, *means*, were broadcast with the sky as the screen, somehow.

*"AND HOW DO YOU MAKE IT TO THE TOP 'MIL!?"*

A swarm of bees overtook the world. No, not bees.

Drones.

They parachuted packages every few kilometers, then expired and slammed into the earth.

One landed in my backyard, waking me from a nap. I'd assumed the bass was a dickhead in a pickup truck, the voice, a weird new song, but could cast no aspersions about whatever had just punched a hole through the roof of my shed.

I remember going outside in a housecoat. The roof of my shed, a simple poly plastic, had been rent in the perfect mark of whatever fell through. My neighbour was outside, too, peering over the fence at me, his chrome\-dome gleaming in spite of the overcast day.

"What's this paradise, eh? What's going on? What's that noise?" The bass was still thrumming, the pulse of the earth.

"I don't know," I replied. I was about to tell him more about the nap I'd been enjoying. Then, the voice came down from on high again.

*"BATTLE ROYALE, 2 MINUTE MARK \- 1.5 MILLION DEAD! A LONG WAY TO GO! KEEP FIGHTING!"* Beyond the voice, the sounds of a party. Hoots, hollers, revelry. Valhalla.

Then, gunshots. The fence in front of my neighbour, on my side, exploded inward. I saw his eyes boggle, his perfectly bald head flecked with blood. Then, he fell away to die with his eyes pointed up at the birds.

I swept my head around. Two teens were there, hungry\-eyed, pointing at me with... assault rifles? I dove into my house, hearing another shot splinter off the brick.

"Go! Go!" One of them shouted. I was in my kitchen. Knife block. I grabbed for it. My hands were shaking. I knocked it over, but a few came loose. I gripped a few. Footsteps on my grass, now my patio.

I whipped the knives at an approaching silhouette, but kept the carving knife in my grip. Something told me there was no more running. No more. One of the boys had something protruding from his throat and was choking, but I kept going.

\-\-\-

Those were my first kills. I'd taken a half\-dozen more lives by the end of the day, the assault rifle doing loud and grisly work, and then all fell quiet. Many neighbours left. I didn't target them, but noted their houses. Others hunkered down, same as me. The boys had taken a lot of ammunition with them and stashed it nearby, I quickly followed trail to a small parkette, where a billow of smoke was coiling around an opened plastic crate. There was nothing left inside. Another resident made to approach, but saw the assault rifle in my hands and scattered like a shy doe.

\-\-\-

The first week was the worst. Cracking shots that almost sounded joyful on the wind. I remember crying and filling my bathtub for drinking water. I don't know why the idea came to me. It just did.

I still had the first assault rifle strapped to my back, the second in hands as the days wore on. The carving knife, I'd holstered to my leg. I could still hear the bass thrumming when I closed my eyes. But I was harder now.

I'd never fired a weapon like this before, but the first of the weapons had a red dot sight. It was scarily efficient. I had another 4 boxes of ammunition back at the house, hidden beneath the bed in the spare room. I knew I'd need them before long. How I was adapting so well, I couldn't be sure.

The voice in the sky had spoken a few times, since then. It announced the first billion within a day. Then the second a day later. The third billion came a few days after that. The TV networks were down. The power was out. There was only the voice in the sky. I wasn't sure if the bassline was real or not. I wasn't sure if *any* of this was real. How had it come to this?

I'd survived my neighbourhood and created several barricades in surrounding houses, to give the impression of force. I had my tungsten ring on as a mechanical engineer, which gave me a sort of courage. My garage was my auto shop. I quickly figured out how to make traps using old shocks, and the sporadic houses I cleaned out first (canned goods, water, candles, spare wood, in that order) were now subtly marked for my sake; they were deathtraps to all others, sharpened springboards and dug out pitfalls designed to maim.

After a couple of weeks, I stopped keeping track of the armed groups that swept through. After a few weeks, people stopped coming by altogether. My quiet little one\-entrance neighbourhood was considered cursed. I only went out at sunrise. I ate cold cans of beans, and vegetables from my dead neighbour's garden. I reckoned I could get through the first winter before needing to move on.

The other morning, I finally took a key off the rack and went out to the shed. I dragged the drone out and set it up in my makeshift auto shop. The workbench was sufficient to hold the thing. It was completely unmarked, and not in the *worst* shape, though it wouldn't be airworthy without parts. After a deep inspection by candlelight, I found a small map of my town rolled into one of the landing skids. Someone had drawn an "X" with a red pen and the word "ROOF" on it. The building marked was town hall.

Before I could decipher what it meant, I heard yelling outside. I peered through the scratched frosted glass windows of my garage and saw a pair of people charging back toward the parkette.

I heard the hum. Drones.

Reinforcements were arriving.

I strapped up my rifle. Time to go to work.

[Part two here!](https://www.reddit.com/r/StanWrites/comments/8qll0y/wp_global_battle_royale_part_ii/)

EDIT: Just fixed the formatting to my original \- still a bit of a rookie to it!