
The room I found myself in was a unique form of darkness. From the circle in the middle of the room where they had made a small pentagram, light seemed to diminish, as though the darkess on the peripherals swallowed it whole. The only other light in the area came from the bathroom where the three demons huddled fearfully. 

I felt like some disembodied god being, hanging I space, though I was concealed in the darkness presumably.

The demons infront of me were gnarled in their faces with thick bones, the tallest of the three, with a dark-red pigmet of skin and yellow surrounding is black pupils stood with his back against the bathroom wall,

The shortest of the three basically jumped ontop of the wooden box in the ground which I can only assume was a latrine of sorts, his eyes were white in the center contrasting his blue face, and he looked at the other two demons fearfully, as if trying to figure out what he should do.

The third demon, presumably female with a yellow tinge to her rough skin looked on the egde of fight and flight, not sure if she could attack, or if she should.

Despite their normal and average statures and builds, I could tell that their actual material was made of something other than human, something supernatural and inconceivably strong. I had no doubt I my mind that they could rip me limb from limb if they so chose. I took a deep breath.

FOOLS! " I declared, in a booming voice

throwing my frail, human arms above my head stupidly in the dark

"Why have you summoned me to this wretched, despicable place?!"

The demons quaked at that, even the female lost her slight edge of confidence, though she seemed suspicious, moreso than the other to.

"Fucking hell Richard" the blue demon said in almost a whisper to the red demon, "I told you, I told you we shouldn't have touched it!"

"Relax! " Richard said, trying to calm the other, "Relax Thomas, were in the light, it can't come into the light, it can't leave the darkness"

I lowered my voice to a quieter, serious tone, letting it seep out of the darkness toward them

"You fools, you petulant children, awoke me from the aeons. Brought me here, to this realm, you call it a home? a place of being? I've swallowed civilizations, I've drank the souls thousand year old cultures, watched them all grow and flourish, rise to power, and decay, thrashed upon the sands of eternity like waves on a forgotten beach" I said, hoping they knew what beaches were.

"You have brought me here, " I continued" Yet you don't even know my name? Tell me, do you know what diety it is with which you contend?" I said, seriously hoping they didn't.

"AW MAN, FUCK MAN" The female said "It's U.G man, I FUCKING TOLD YOU RICHARD, MAN, DON'T FUCK WITH IT, AND NOW YOU FUCKING SUMMONED THE FIRST VOICE!

I tried to hide the clearing of my throat "Then you know what fear I will bring, what desolation! You know that I know you, and all you have been and will be. Richard, Thomas, and, YOU. YOU KNOW WHO I AM! then you must know, that as I am now here I must grant you three wishes before you can return me home.
HOWEVER, because you have earned my disfavor for summoning me dishonorably I will grant them in a context suiting to each of your fates, which I have preordained, from my realm of the stars.

Richard stepped forward first, to the light of the door, so boldy I almost thought he'd come further, and I pretty much shit my pants in fear, I flinched in the dark but he couldn't see

"I Wish for power great U.G! "Show me power!" 

"VERY WELL!" I said. You will know the truest power knowable to demon kind. That is the power of knowledge. You will have knowledge beyond any else, none else shall have a fraction of the vast library of resources that you do to draw upon! Does this please you?" I asked. His yellow eyes were flashed with brilliant joy and he nodded "Very much so U.G! thank you!

"Thomas come forward!" I said

The blue, heaver demon stepped forward, eyes still fearful, slightly neurotic, he actually physically bowed and I nearly laughed but caught myself, remembering my life was on the line

"I wish for serenity!" he said meekly

"Serenity.. Hm.. " I thought quietly, "Serenity comes to those who work and strive Thomas, it comes in a moment of bliss when the stars, which I rule, align, and one reeps the fruits of a fearless ascent from darkness. If you work, by the guidance in which I have changed your course today, you will achieve serenity in only 7 short years"

"Thank you U.G!" he said and stepped back.

"AND YOU. I said, to the third demon who was disturbingly quiet and astute. Step forward into the light!"

She did, and more confidently so then I had anticipated

"My wish, she said "Is to see your face. So that I can know the face of god"

I pretty much choked on my own throat at that point.

"Do you know, " I asked, "What has ever happened to those who have laid eyes on the face of god?" She stared into the darkness at me, shaking her head

"Once, I appeared In my truest form before a demon who wished to see me. He was driven mad by the ordainness of my appearance. He could not comprehend that god , something so powerful, could be so ordinary, and mundane. He had always craved power, and upon seeing me, his dreams crumbled, seemed to lose meaning.

The second time, was under the wish of a demon who was a clergy member, seeking to know my essence to achieve a state of liberation. When I appeared for me, he felt his being surrender, and so achieved his liberation through that means. But it was as though the candle of his life was brought to exctinction. He lost the essence of what he was and lived in eternal emptiness.

And the third to wish to see my, was a demoness like yourself " I said carefully now, realizing my plan had to work or I'd be killed. 

"She saw my form, and my she was in awe. Such awe I have never seen on one of my creations faces. Her conceit that something so mundane, so ordinary, could have created all of existence drove her to self destruction. Knowing this, do you still wish to see me?"

"I DO" she said challengingly, having caught onto the ploy, it seemed

"Shit" I thought to myself, "Very well then! I WILL APPEAR! bRACE YOURSELVES!"

The other two demons looks manic, terrified "Catherine what are you DOING" they were saying "Are you insane didn't you hear what he said?!" Their fear was contagious because even her confidence faltered then "We'll all be killed, or driven insane!" Thomas was saying.

"I-I'm not afraid, appear! " She was saying .

Richard was yelling then, "Stop Catherine! U.G, she doesn't mean what she says!" 

Thomas moved from his spot by the latrine to grab her and try to shake sense into her

I ran forward then, into the light of the bathroom, and into the three quarreling demons. 

I will say. Such looks of awe I have never seen on the two males faces, as my skinny, naked, human form ran by them,

and such shock, and contempt, I have never seen on a face, as that of the demonesses as she realized her intuition was right, and she had been fooled.

I Lept past them, into the latrine, and spiralled into the pooey abyss below.

"WEEEEE!" I yelled and threw my hands up in the air.

The end.

