I reached over and frantically tapped my hand around the table beside the couch to try and turn off the alarm.  What time was it?  Three, four in the morning? I turned my head over and tilted my phone so I could see…4:22 am.  Jesus.  It’s too damn early to be up…too damn early to be coherent.  The call had been scheduled for 10 am…fucking CERN.  I swear Yvon books these morning meetings on purpose just to piss me off.  

“No no Jake…Eets beecause far everyone else…thees eez deh best time to meet toogezair.  Ah Sweeeaaarrrrr…”  

I still remember his shitty little smirk and wink as he signed off last week.  I’m sure when the cameras shut down those assholes high fived and laughed all the way to the bar.  Fucking 5 am conference calls.  I laid back down on the couch and shut my eyes - in a panic I opened them again.  “Don’t get comfortable…you’ll miss the call,” I muttered to myself.

I sat up and vigorously rubbed my face before putting on some pants and a shirt and making my way to the coffee machine in the kitchenette…the carafe was empty and had a layer of old dried up shit stuck to the bottom.  I rinsed it out, filled the filter with fresh grounds, and turned on the machine.  The “glop, glop, glop” sounds of the machine pumping pulled me out of my morning daze - the second that magical smell wafted through the air I remembered how exciting this was going to be.  I looked at my phone again.  4:40 am. 

I’d painstakingly set everything up the night before.  The presentation should go off without a hitch.

I filled a cup with coffee and made my way to the washroom: shit, shave…splash water on my face.  No time to shower before the meeting.  My first sip of coffee went straight to my head.  The rush of caffeine seemed to intensify the butterflies in my stomach from the night before.  I was surprised I’d managed to fall asleep at all.  Ten years of research, five of production…we’d finally done it.  I took a deep breath, crossed my fingers and took another swig from my mug.

I walked back to the office, grabbed my keycard and made my way to the elevator.  The janitor was emptying a garbage into his cart.  He nodded at me.  I nodded back.  *PING*…down I went, twenty levels to the research facility.  The elevator doors opened, the lights flickered on as I stepped out.  I turned the monitors on, turned the cameras and microphones on, and walked into the lab.  

*Hello Dr. Emerting…*

“Hello Oliver!”

*I’d like to remind you that opened beverages are not allowed in the lab area Dr. Emerting.*

Shit…right… “Thanks Oliver…” 

I took a last gulp from my mug and placed it on a table beside the door to the lab.  I shut the door behind me.  I wondered why they programmed Oliver to have a British/Indian accent.  As I punched in my credentials I swiped my card and got ready. 

*Please lift your arms above your head and take a deep breath – readying biometrics scan*

The lights in the lab flickered briefly, turned off, and a faint green glow permeated the room.  A giant “WHOOSH” sound made the glass shake and for a second I was completely paralyzed.  The lights came back on almost instantly.  No matter how many times I’d been through this, I could never get used to being scanned.

*Thank you Dr. Emerting.  You are clear.*

“Thanks Oliver.  Could you please turn on all of the equipment and prep a call to the other labs?  I’ll be using Final Pontius 42 for the test, and a sample of my own blood on the slide.” 

The machines flickered to life and the robotic arm began to move.  I sat in the chair and took a deep breath.  4:58 am.  I closed my eyes for a moment and tried to gather my thoughts.

*Everything is ready Dr. Emerting.  Shall I place the call?*

“Yeah…thanks.”

5:00 am

“CERN checking in.”

“Japan Robotics checking in.”

“P-R of C checking in.”

“HUA HUA HUA!  Texas checkin’ in.”

“ISS che…ing in…”

“Stop…could you repeat please?”

“ISS checking in…sorry.  Radio bug.”

I looked up at the monitor, “Oliver please fix communications with the ISS.”

*Communications have been stabilized.*

“Please continue check-in procedure.” I took another deep breath and looked down and the glass slide sitting inside the stage.  

“St-Petersburg checking in.”

“…Montre…yaaaaaawn…al…checking in.  Sorry Jake.  It’s fucking early here.”

“Vancouver General Hospital checking in.”

“Melbourne vision labs checking in.”

“Dr. Jake Emerting – Moncton research facility 2234 level 99b checking in.”

*It would seem everyone is here doctor.*

“Thank you Oliver.  NOW!” I boomed “Welcome.  Sorry about the early and late call times everyone.  You’ll just have to send a nice thank you letter to Yvon for setting all of this up.” 

Laughs bellowed in from all around.

“Today we’re going to be inaugurating Final Pontius 42.”  

Clapping and cheers echoed through the speakers.  Through the monitors I saw people high fiving and shaking each others hands.  Understandable considering the logistical nightmare this project had been.  Fifteen years of research and development to finally be able to see, with our own eyes, what lies beyond cellular structure.  

“Before turning it on, I’d like to officially thank, on the record, the ISS who managed to give us our final push in development.  Without Captain Garrish’s quick thinking, we’d never have had the materials to build this.  Thanks to the research being done up there, we can finally see what we’re made of down here.”

People clapped.  Cpt. Garrish and the other astronauts were hugging and floating/jumping up and down, still circling above our heads.  Silence fell again.  

I cleared my throat.

“As agreed upon, I’ve taken a small sample of my own blood for 42’s inaugural run.  Oliver will be taking notes and analyzing visuals – they’ll be projected on your screens in real time as we move up the magnification of the lens.  Now, if you don’t mind, I’ll begin.”

I turned the microscope on and flipped it to X10.  As we began the slow ascent towards greater magnification, a silence came over the rooms.  You could hear breathing, nervous shuffling and the hum of Oliver’s processors under us.  Every time we switched magnification the sound of the lens changing its molecular composition was deafening.  

We’d passed definitive atoms.  We’d passed quarks.  As the magnification process continued, all of us understood that we were now peering into a visual world we had only dreamt about.  The lens kept magnifying and the world and shapes we saw changed, colours peered onto the monitors, shapes shifted with each magnification something new appeared until finally the screens went black.  We waited.  Every time the lens changed configuration you could feel the tension in the room build.  People were getting impatient.  Nothing was happening.  Yvon broke the silence: 

“Eez deh lenss steel wahrking?” 

“Oli…”
*The lens is still magnifying Dr. Emerting*

We waited.  Papers were shuffled, seats were shifted.  People were getting impatient.  The ISS was completely still and then Melbourne spoke up:

“What’s going on?  We can’t see anything here…there hasn’t been a change in visuals.”

“I can assure you Drs. That the scope is still working.  It hasn’t stopped magnifying since we turned it on twenty five minutes ago.”

China spoke up, “Maybe that’s it?” 

The rooms exploded.  Doctors and scientists and financiers all arguing about whether or not to let it run, to let it continue indefinitely, to shut it down if there isn’t anything new we could learn, to pull money from the project and invest it somewhere else.  Eight different locations around the earth all arguing.  I just sat there and watched the monitor.  I thought I was the only one until a noise came from the ISS!

“STOP!”  Captain Garrish was wide eyed looking at her monitor!  “SHUT THE HELL UP ALL OF YOU!” she screamed.  “LOOK!” 

The microscope changed its composition again…and a small speck of light appeared on the monitor.  Heavy silence filled the room again.  We waited the cursory 73 seconds as the lens shifted again.  The light grew in size.  Though not by much.  Again it shifted.  Again it grew.  For fifteen minutes we sat in silence as the lens magnified over and over and over again, all of us straining our gaze at the monitor trying to figure out what we were looking at.  It magnified again, and in that instant the light we’d been staring at became lights.  A Russian scientist from St-Petersburg gasped, and from the ISS, in the background behind Captain Garrish a voice spoke softly, “Andromeda!”

The lens shifted again and the picture became clearer.  Without a doubt we were staring at earth’s closest galaxy.  “Pause magnification!” I said.  

*Magnification and lens configuration paused* chirped in Oliver.

“What are we looking at?” inquired a second scientist from CERN.

“Oliver?” I asked.

*We are currently looking at sample 2234218EGHS37 – Blood sample of Dr. Emerting – magnified at XXX3997404XXX – a visual representation.*

“Continue magnification.” I blurted out.

“WAIT!” yelled Yvon.  But the command had been given.  The lens changed configuration.  The galaxy like structure came into full view.  I began sweating and shaking, a tightness came over my chest and my head began to spin.  That sensation of big/small I’d forgotten since I was twelve came and took over my body.  The room spun.  The screens flickered.  The lens magnified again.  

“WAIT!” screamed Yvon in the screen again.  “STOP THE LENS!” 

I couldn’t.  Oliver couldn’t without my approbation…and I was falling deeper into myself.  Captain Garrish screamed out my name as the room began to disappear.  I heard a small voice come out from the speaker:

*Shall I set your alarm?* inquired Oliver. 

“4:22 am…” I muttered before falling to the ground.

---

By Marc