How do you pronounce the plural form of mongoose? Is it mongeese? Mongoooses? Mongi? What if you had a baby mongoose, but then you had a bunch of them. Mongeeselings? Mongoslings? What do you call the damn things? 

Assholes. That’s what you call them. 

Never did I think I would be trapped underneath a monastery crawlspace with two of the little buggers, but here I am, and it’s not even suppertime. Steve the llama is probably dead, and I’m almost out of ammo. How did I get here? It’s a rather long story…

&#x200B;

My eyelids fluttered open, and I rose from my bed to the gentle sunlight—a perfect, restful morning. This meant I had missed my alarm, which lay unplugged by my bedside. I was late for work. I grabbed a pop-tart and sped towards the police headquarters. Major Watson waddled to my desk, twitching his bushy mustache in contempt. “Late again? What is it this time? Did a hoard of mice unplug your alarm clock while you were sleeping?”

It turns out it was a mongoose, so that statement wasn’t too far from the truth. 

“Sorry sir, just caught in traffic,” I mumbled, but we both knew it was a lie. 

“Well, we’ve had a doozy of a case come in last night; you’re up. Meet me in the lot in five.” 

I opened my mouth in surprise. “You’re coming with?”

Watson frowned. “I’m taking lead on this one, actually.”

I couldn’t believe my ears. Whatever this was, I had better take it seriously. In five minutes, I was at the police lot, where Watson waited with a rental cruiser. I hopped in for what I hoped would be a quick, simple investigation. He debriefed me along the way.

“Charlotte Zoo reported a break in last night. Seventeen animals are missing, including all nine harbor seals, seven mongooses, a llama, and a platypus.” 

I rubbed my brow in disbelief. “Why did they take the platypus?”

“I don’t know, maybe it tastes like chicken?” he retorted.

I get it, it was too early to make assumptions without any evidence. Still, *why steal a platypus? What do you even do with a platypus?* I wondered… “The zoo has cameras. Do we have access to the footage?”

Watson nodded. “That’s the weird part. The cameras cut out at 23:00 last night and cut back at 04:00. No evidence, no records of the doors being opened—nothing. We’re chasing breadcrumbs.”

“Have they dusted for prints?” I asked. 

“A zoo, dust for prints? Are you kidding me?”

“Just in the security room. Fewer people have access to that, and they wouldn’t be able to wipe the footage without access to the room. Figure out how they got in, and we can find them.”

Watson mused for a moment, and through his harsh, bulky exterior, I could tell he was still a bitter, old man on the inside. He also probably thought it was a good idea, so that’s something. We arrived at the scene. The zoo was shut down, caution tape spread around the entrances. The media was there, along with protesters with signs that quipped “*Don’t Steal the Seal”* or “*They’re more than meer-kats to us!”* or even *“Bring back the platypus or you haven’t heard the last of us!”*

I checked with the team already on scene, while Watson appeased the media. *That* was the reason he was here—not for his *excellent* investigation skills. The team swept the security room, and had already dusted for prints. Good on them. They found over thirty prints, each of which could belong to any number of security guards with access. 

“We thinking inside job?” I asked my mentor, legendary detective Marlin Coates. 

“Had to be,” he said, pacing around the zoo, mocha latte in hand. “But why the platypus?”

“See, that’s what I was thinking!” I said, relieved to hear I wasn’t the only one. 

We walked toward the walrus exhibit, where the large animals floated gracefully. “Of all the animals to steal—what was the motive? It can’t be money; those animals aren’t worth a whole lot. So, what then? Activist groups? It just doesn’t make sense.”

I paused. “Were there any scheduled tour groups yesterday?”

“Friday was one the busiest days for tours. The Make-A-Wish Foundation, St. Mary’s Monastery, and Elbert Elementary School.”

I watched the walrus climb out the water and onto it’s basking rock. The large animal was such an oaf on land. So between the children, sick children, or the nuns, which one sounded guilty? A red herring if I ever heard of one. 

Wait… maybe that was it. Red herring! 

“Harbor seals have a specific diet, right? We just need to find any unusual orders of fish in the last week, and we found our suspect! There's, what—two or three distributors in town?”

Marlin nodded. “Good call. I’ll put an intern on it.” 

We walked back to the security room. I wanted to do another quick sweep before I left. I donned the mask, gown and gloves and got on my hands and knees, looking underneath the desk. Dust covered the walls, floors, and air return vents. Coaxial cable outlets, wireless routers, and an assortment of gum of different flavors were all zip-tied and stuck to the bottom of the desks. I ran my hand on the ground, searching for something, anything. 

Then I felt it—a clump of squishy dirt. Except when I smelled it, it wasn’t dirt. It was scat. Mongoose scat. It wasn’t even 10:30, and already I was having a shitty day. 

***
r/BLT_WITH_RANCH