[E.U] (sort of)

Since time began, people have known me from different names. Some call me the soul collector. To some, I'm the grim reaper. And to others, I may be known as death. Whatever name you call me, I'll do the same thing. Take your soul across the river of time. It's all too maintain the harmony of the universe. Throughout the eons, there have been a few souls who have left a lasting impression on me. The ones who truly didn't think about death itself as an evil thing or opted for me only in the bleakest of circumstances. One such guy was this one. 

I have no idea how he manages to do it, but he dies. A lot. It's not my job to know the details so I'll just follow the rules and give him his free ride across the river of time. Everyone sees me as their own iteration for death and afterlife. He straight up called me "sexiest woman I've ever seen". Calling him a guy with lust in his mind would be an understatement. And he wasn't particularly handsome either. Probably the worst looking face I've seen. Maybe that's what strikes me about him. How others look at me like a monster though I have no form. But he looks at me like a woman and chooses to embrace the idea of dying repeatedly. Regardless of how he does it. I guess it's not bad having company every once in a while. 

This month he's been irregular and died only once. I do miss that blabbermouth of his, I guess. Always going on and on about being with me. It is kind of flattering to be honest but I've never asked him anything about him. Maybe the next time he comes over, I should try talking. But I've never really spoken to a human before. It's always just been me and eternity. The humans that tried to ask me questions didn't really need answers. But this one has intrigued me like no other. What if I'm bad at taking to humans? Maybe I should have spoken to a few humans before so I could get used to them. I guess I'll just wait and see what happens the next time he's here.

He has been coming regularly this last month. Something about finally having some work and also missing me. He does seem charming when he keeps speaking. Though he doesn't ever stop talking. Maybe it's better this way since I can't seem to do much talking anyway. It was nice to see him come again. Luckily, this time he left his name behind. He's called Wade, but others call him Deadpool. 

