So, I'm going to try and keep my explanation as simple as possible, though if I'm being completely honest, I doubt it'll help at all. Trust me on this one, you mortys have a hard time comprehending just how different our perception of reality is from your own, due to a few slight differences in the way we each experience time. A lot of very fundamental notions about the way we assign importance to other people, places, events, or modes of being are inextricably linked to our concept of past, present, and future.

The reason that you and I can still communicate with each other to some degree is that, in spite of our differences, we also share some similarities in the way we experience time. Neither of us can alter our velocity relative to our respective reference frames, nor can we alter our direction with regard to this mutually ill-understood cosmic focal-point. Really, the only notable difference is that we have an exaggerated corporeal longevity compared to you, and maybe a very slight benefit in the overall speed and accuracy of normal cognitive functions like memory recording and telepathy. Sure, there are a few other slight differences like our molecular density, adjustable metabolisms, and other mostly unimportant biological differences, but most of them are really only helpful in extreme environments.

However, that's not important now. What is important, is that you understand why I've done the things I've done, and how it's possible for someone like me to lose sight of how important mortys like you really are. So, when I tell you that my centuries long campaign of introducing things like fossil fuel, over-consumption, and republicans, to systematically increase the temperature of the entire planet was a mistake, I hope you can find it in your heart to forgive me. I really only wanted to make a friend of mine uncomfortable, and I want you to understand that killing almost every living creature on the planet was totally unintentional. I know that you probably only understood a few of these words, and I don't really expect you to be totally on board with me right now, but I'm glad we finally talked it out. So, if any of you end up surviving through this, you can rest easy knowing that I feel really bad about what happened, and I definitely won't be doing that exact thing again. So embarrassing.