The Church of Oscar V. Trombone Jr. started as a joke one weed filled night with my friend Jerry. We never laughed so hard in our lives. 

Next day I had forgotten all about it,  but Jerry didn't. He wanted to avoid taxes and rake in donations and what not. I didn't believe he was serious at first,  but over the course of a year I found myself standing next to Jerry in a park as he preached about the life of Oscar V. Trombone Jr... the dog. 

That's right.  Our church was based upon my grandfather's dog that he had as a kid. I never learned why he had picked that particular name, but he used to tell Jerry and I as kids what an amazing dog that was. There was even a story about the dog saving a kid who fell through some ice on a pond; Oscar ran up onto the ice, pulled the kid up by the sleeve until she was able to get out the hole she fell through. 

Word spread fast about our dog church. It was more like a weekly party than a church sermon though. People brought,  food or made donations instead, and then Jerry and I would take turns telling stories about Oscar. Then other people would share their own lovable dog stories. 

Life was good...until the accident.

I don't remember much, but the translator explained I was in a cart accident (I think she meant car) and my injuries were so severe, that I had no chance of survival.

Well, one of the church's followers had bought a cryogenic pod for themselves, but decided to give it to me instead. The pod was transferred to the hospital in the nick of time, and I was soon frozen inside.

For over eight hundred years.

Things were a tad different than I remembered. My translator gave me history lessons as I received physical therapy from my cryo sleep.

Nuclear war wiped out half the world's population and had caused a nearly apocalyptic chain of events. Volcanoes erupted sending ash into the atmosphere that blocked out the sun causing a global winter. This in turn killed off many plants and animals and ruined ecosystems everywhere. 

All the nations of the world were basically forced to work together to save the planet. It took a while, but they eventually created an artificial atmosphere, and were able to clone many lost animals and plants from preserved lab samples.

Not sure how or why, but many of the world's religions died out, while one became just about universal. Through that religion, world peace had finally been attained.

When I asked which one it was,  my translator laughed. Having recovered enough at that point to walk on my own, she lead me to the balcony doors, and opened them wide.

I'd never seen so many people in my life...or dogs for that matter. Everyone was dressed in togas, the dogs were unleashed, and the scenery was mixed with these tall, white heavenly looking towers and lush forest everywhere.

They were all cheering, and held up what looked like oversized scrolls with a picture of a small, brown dog- the symbol for the Church of Oscar V. Trombone Jr.



