The cold linoleum felt great on my face, at least that's what I told myself as I laid on the floor in a drunken stupor for the third time this week. It seems like when ever it's the most inconvenient the three quick knocks echo through the house and I'm summoned to the door. 

"Hello, sir.", they great me.

I try my best to shield my eyes from the harsh white light from the day. I glance at the clock and make sure I'm reading it correctly. 

"I still don't understand why I need at home cognitive tests." I half heartily let the words fall out of my mouth and a wave of nausea hits me. 

"We told you sir, after your accident, we've been informed by your doctor you need the examinations to monitor your brain health."

I wave them in, step out side briefly to let the air hit my face and then let out a not so discrete stream of vomit splatter my welcome mat. This test is going to be great. 

The tests are never the same. They're never short, and I can never tell if I get the answers right. They seem neither pleased, nor concerned at any of the answers I give. But they always start the same, with Dr. Lambert entering a combination into his attache case, popping the levers simultaneously and revealing a manila folder. He takes it out in an almost surgical fashion and opens it to show a neatly categorized test. 

We painstakingly go through the categories: Finance, Foreign Policy, Domestic Policy - they ask me about current events but never questions about politicians. Each question he asked ate at me a little more. The words somehow hitting my body and causing me to want to lash out. I deserved it for being so drunk, I suppose. I was losing my patience.

Dr. Lambert was finishing his final question in the two hour test when Dr. Thomas clears his throat and in his best attempt at casually asking mutters "What do you think about Trump?"

"Uhhh" I paused. "I don't know, he's kind of an idiot, I guess?" 

Dr. Thomas drew the immediate attention of Dr. Lambert, and Dr. Howard let a nervous laugh out and tried to speed along gathering their things. Dr. Thomas blurted out, in an almost uncontrollable fashion "You probably wouldn't feel bad if he was killed right?!" 

I sighed heavily as I laid flat on the couch and placed my hands over my eyes "Whatever" I said "Murder him on the 9th hole on his favorite golf course, just get the fuck out of my house" 

