2028 was a pretty good year for the us science geeks.  It was my favorite year yet, even better than when Marvel regained control of the X-Man franchise in '21 and finally did it right.  It was my favorite year even though I'd been dead since '19.  I died knowing that some of the best movies of the my afterlife where still coming and I wasn't going to miss them for anything.  Moving on could wait.

But this was the Mother of All Geeks Outs, being there for the first honest-to-goodness human footprint on Mars.  To make matters even better, the company on the trip was legendary.  Neil Armstrong was the life of the party.  Can I say that?  Death of the party just sounds wrong.  Steve Jobs was just annoying in his black turtleneck and “constructive criticism” on everything the living crew did.  Grief, man, I died in my boxers and I have more variety in wardrobe than you.  Use some imagination, literally!

We all teased him by saying that the reason NASA doesn't use Apple products is nothing made by them will operate more than 100 clicks from a Starbucks and they'd never even make it to geocentric orbit.  He sulked in the bathroom for the rest of the trip, the silence was great.

Mr. Armstrong and Mr. Sagan laid down some ground rules for us.  Rule Number One: No interfering with the mission or crew.  It was important that the living accomplish this on their own.  Rule Number Two: No shoving anyone out of the ship.  They would be trapped in the void of space and their only choice would be to move on to the next life or just float there.  That included Jobs.  Rule Number Three: If any of the crew died during the trip, they became the new “Ghost-in-Chief.”

The trip was really long and got kind of boring after all the legends had told all their stories twice.  There was the movies watched by the crew, we looked forward to those.  The budding romance between the Botanist and the Life Support Engineer gave us some real life soap opera.  Bets were made and lost when she kissed him first.  

Some of the brainier guys started playing chess without the board, because – well, we're ghosts and we don't have any boards.  The rest of us more mundane geeks started up a free-form role-playing group and even lured in a few known names.  Chuck Yeager played a hilarious bard.

But all this was just to kill time until the moment of moments, the first humans on Mars.  When the day finally came the excitement was unbearable.  The Bradbury dropped into a stationary orbit and scanned the chosen area for a good landing spot.  The location closely matched the pictures taken a decade before, the dust storms had altered it a little but not much. 

The drop ship Asimov was far more crowded than it appeared to the crew who had been chosen to go down first.  The Captain seemed preoccupied, we all knew she'd been playing around with “first words” the entire night before.  “She shouldn't worry about it so much.” grinned Armstrong “I flubbed mine anyway – I was trying too hard.”  

“But those words were epic, dude.” I told him “They were deep! 'That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind.' ”

The astronaut laughed “I meant to say something else completely and choked.”

The Asimov kicked up a ton of dust and obscured everything outside the ports for some time.  While the dust settled the crew checked the Asimov's integrity and outside conditions.  “Everything's a go, Captain.”  announced the Communications Specialist.

The Captain and three others huddled in the airlock while it cycled.  We could have all just walk out of the Asimov at touchdown but Armstrong and Sagan forbid it.  “This moment belongs to the living, we don't have the right to take it from them.”

The moment the Captain was standing on Mars proper she opened her com “I wanted to say we come in peace, but this planet already has peace.  So we come in noise, and chaos, and pathos and all that makes us human – that this world may know life.”

“That wasn't any of the lines she was practicing last night.” nodded Armstrong “Speak from the heart, Captain, its the right thing to say every time.”

“What in the world is that?” whispered a fellow passenger named Roy as we piled out onto the red sand behind our hosts.  He'd been a Sci-Fi writer that no one ever heard of, but he was a pretty cool guy.

We looked toward where he was pointing.  There in the dim sunlight of the Martian morning was a huddle of...something.  The objects moved apart slightly so we could make out distinct figures.  They looked like 10 foot tall stick bugs that had learned to walk upright on four legs.  Their four arms hung loosely at their sides and ended in 4 fingered hands  They didn't have heads so much as their torsos extended past their shoulders and held large liquid eyes with multiple pupils.


“Holy crap” gasped another ghost “Don't they see them? Freaking Martians!  Please don't eat my brains!”

“You're already dead, woman.” smirked Yeager “And I think your brains are safe.”

“They're just standing there.” observed Sagan “They don't seem hostile.  But the crew doesn't seem to notice them at all.  Are they using some sort of mental screen that doesn't effect us?”

“They feel...scared.” said the oldest of us.  Actually Grace was probably only 16 when she died – but she had been around for the longest.

Grace broke away from the group and walked slowly toward the huddled aliens.  They moved back closer to each other as she grew closer.  It was a amazing sight, this little black teenage girl walking up to the towering aliens.

“They see me.” called Grace.  “I think...”

She stopped and looked back at us with a little sadness,  “I think they're ghosts – like us.”

“They're ghosts?” repeated Roy “That's why the crew can't see them.”

“Hello?” offered Grace tentatively “Can you understand me?”

|yeshearunderstand| came the response |giveknowledgeplease|

“We come from Earth.” explained Neil Armstrong, pointing toward where he thought Earth should be. “We are explorers, we seek new knowledge and experiences.”

|blueworldstilllives| the Martian ghosts hummed |allisnotended|

“How long has your world been like this?” asked Carl Sagan.

There was a silence |timebeyondcountingwewaitedfortheforetold|

“The foretold?” mused Grace “Them?” She pointed at the living astronauts as they busied themselves with samples and pictures.

|yesforetold| they echoed |redworlddiesbluesisterbringsnewlife|

“Colonies” I offered.

“Terraforming” countered Sagan “We'll make this world green again given a hundred years or so.”

“We come in noise, and chaos, and pathos and all that makes us human – that this world may know life.” Armstrong repeated the Captain's words. “It will take some time before this world is alive again, but if you don't mind - we'll wait with you.”