It's 2:50 am and I'm writing this with my eyes half opened, please forgive me if it's meh. Needed to flex my writing muscles anyways.

"Wait... seriously?" The eldest God, Creator, said. He fidgeted at the announcement.

"Yeah, I don't see why not." 

"You understand that we haven't and weren't supposed to have another election after you right?" The bass rumbled beneath his monstrous voice.

Hosanna shuffled and looked away. He knew what he was doing was against all codes set in place by those before him. The time, patience and hard work was all for him to take the reigns of the universe and guide them to a better future.

"Look, Creator. This God gig was fun and all but come on look at all that has happened under my watch. Well the lack thereof. Genocide, homocide, rape, pestilence, war. The list goes on. I can't keep it together. Someone else needs a turn."

He watched as the colossal entity sat on his throne, rapping his fingers against the surface. Each sound more persistent and determined than the last. Shivers came over Hosanna. There was something in Creator that he could never stand. Maybe the paternal attitude. Or even, the assumed prestige he felt as if he had over the others of their kind. Whatever it was, it wasn't good.

Creator leaned, "You're serious, huh?"

Hosanna nodded.

A forcing gust of wind followed the elder's sigh. "Let everyone know then..."
                                               ~

"Everyone," his voice boomed throughout the meeting hall. "I'm stepping down from my position of God, and over the next few human weeks I'll be helping out with the selection of my successor."

Scores of deities gasped and whispered. Hosanna knew how the code went. Follow Creator's long list of rules and everything would be fine, but this was basically throwing them all out. The title of God was sacred and only meant for the big three, a fourth God was unheard of.

One decided to raise its hand. Hosanna motioned to him.

"Fair game, right?"

"Absolutely, there is no catch and you are free to do as you would like."

Another one cut in, "why the sudden change in plans?"

A human feeling reached him. Was it guilt? Embarrassment? Pain? He wasn't sure. His next words kept pausing at his throat.

"I'm not fit anymore. We stopped the election process because I was supposedly the God to save the universe from the destruction of man. But... look what I caused. Elohim and Yahweh before me, interfered and kept humans in line, Creator gave them their image and will, and I was supposed to be their guide." 

The crowd simply stared. " Well I haven't been that great of a God when it comes to that role. On the contrary, I've incited war, created faux religions to boost my own ego, indulged in the pleasure of woman, spread plague and disease and ignored the simplest request. The God they needed, does not exist in me."

His hands trembled, his voice quivered. His heart, however, was resolute. He knew whoever was next would take care of the universe.

"Well I guess I'll run." The crowd turned to see the potential candidate. 

"Well God damn." Hosanna said.

Gaia raised its hand. Hosanna shook his head quickly, but he was already cut off by the many cheering deities who would support the rambunctious youth of their kind.

"Lord. Anyone but you."

"Too late, Pops. It's fair game, remember?"

Hosanna cursed. He watched as the kid deity made his way to the front. Each stride confident and calculated. This kid was the type to only see thing as toys until it didn't serve any purpose. He would throw away the universe in a matter of days.

"So," Gaia said, "who wants to run against me?"



