[TT] response to writing prompt

"Perfect"
I held the old Polaroid camera up for Gina to see. The old camera would make the perfect gift for my 9 year old half brother who is coming to stay with me for the weekend. Benjy is the spawn of my dad and his second wife Patsy whom Dad married after my mom's death 10 years ago. And while I resented my father's marriage so soon after mom's passing, I really loved the little tyke. After all it's not his fault that his and my dad is in the asshole.

"Benji will love it", Gina exclaimed. "Finally your dad will have another photographer in the family."

"Ha"' I snorted. Gina was referring to the camera my dad bought me that I had never used. It just sat in my room collecting dust until the day I pawned it for money for pot. Dad's dream of me taking an interest in his hobby went up in smoke - the best smoke I ever had. 

"Holy fuck!". I just noticed the initials scratched into the camera's body. BB. Bartholomew Barrett. Me!
"This is the fucking camera! This is my fucking camera!"


We arrived home with my amazingly coincidental purchase hanging by its strap from my neck. My home is actually the house I grew up in. Dad and Patsy moved half the country away and dad gave me my early inheritance. I think the place just held bad memories for him but for me, it's where I felt closest to my mother, so I was happy to get it. 

Hannibal, my aging Schnauzer, barely lifted his head to acknowledge our arrival. I scratched behind his ear to let him know it was me- my grandfather gave him to me as a puppy days after my mother's death and Hannibal got me through the toughest years of my life.  My dad would frequently arise each morning to see his 12 year old son curled up with Hannibal in his doggie bed in the corner of the kitchen. And while my dad was perfectly willing to let Hannibal join me in my room to sleep at the foot of my bed, Hannibal had other ideas and would bark and refuse to enter my room. So sleeping with him in the kitchen was my only alternative. I figured I could understand his reluctance as it took me a while to take back my room. It was there that I discovered my mom crumbled on the floor, with folded laundry she was putting in my drawers strewn around her, and the camera I just bought back lying next to her knocked off the bureau she was was opening when the massive coronary took her life. 

Gina headed to my childhood bedroom to prepare it for Benjy's arrival. I, on an impulse, raised the camera to my eye aiming it at my canine pal and nearly decapitated myself with the camera strap as I ripped the thing away from my head and stared at Hannibal. He stared up at me listlessly as he heard my startled gasp. My eyes wide, I slowly brought the lens to my eye again and just as quickly pulled it away in astonishment and a louder cry- almost a strangled scream. Gina came running from the bedroom in alarm. 

"Look! Look! Look!" It's all I could manage as I thrust the camera into her hands. She looked at me with puzzlement, and I again cried "Look" gesturing like a crazed man at my equally puzzled dog. 

Gina looked through the lens and snapped a picture at the same time. The whir of the mechanism spitting out the photograph was the only sound as Gina and I watch the image slowly appear. The image of Hannibal. A vibrant alert and excited puppy looking up towards the flash of the camera held by his young adult Masters. 


We spent the better part of the day snapping 10 year old pictures! It was impossible, but there I was in my Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles armor ready to fight the world's evil. Gina in her princess dress. The kitchen with the old pink and black counters that my mother loved and Patsy hated and that were now a seasick green. I nearly got seasick peeking through the lens and then lowering the camera, again and again and again, and then snapping the picture as proof that this psychosis was beyond the limits of my head! By the time we snapped dozens of pictures, we almost believed that this was possible. And with the ring of the doorbell, we put the camera aside and greeted my dad and his second family, not yet willing to share this amazing phenomenon with anyone else.


Preparing for bed, I thought briefly of my fathers warning that Benjy suffered from nightmares. No big deal, I thought, remembering the monsters that I was convinced  inhabited my room. Kid's stuff, I said to myself even  as I felt the  prickle of fear stir within my repressed memories. I reassured Benjy that we were just down the hall, and made sure I left the door open and the hall light on so Benjy could feel safe. I ignore my own uneasiness as I tucked him in and turned towards the door. I could hear old Hannibal in his kitchen nest whimpering through his own doggie nightmare. 

Gina and I barely closed our eyes when Benjy' cries pierced the night and had us running. 

"Monsters" Benjy screamed as we rushed in to scoop him in our arms. He was inconsolable so he was put to bed with Gina and I found myself back in my childhood room. Remembering how inconsolable I had been when my parents tried to comfort me, reassuring me that if there were monsters then they would see them as well.  As I drifted off to sleep a curious memory blossomed and I saw my mother, crumbled on the floor, laundry and my camera lying next to her. I bolted upward with the thought that my mom did not knock the camera from the bureau but that it fell from her hands. I ran to the kitchen and grabbed the camera, that amazing, unusual, impossible device. 
In my bedroom, I raised the camera to my eye snapping the shutter as I saw what my mother saw 10 years before. 

"Monsters"