The outer walls had been breached, and those *things* were pouring in. The Astrali military launched an all-out attack on their hive. The monsters couldn't have picked a worse time to attack; the political leaders were fighting eachother as much as they were the enemy. Without any real guidance, the military was going about its usual protocols, but going nowhere. The powers that were hadn't come to an agreement on who to make a Hero yet, and so they tried to run the operation with typical soldiers.

Of course I had only been following this on the news, and when the attacks reached my sector, I did exactly what everyone else did. I ran. At the time, I had just started a job as an "apprentice cleansing technician" at a local Bioteam clinic, and my duties were the least urgent in all the chaos.

Now, when the city is being destroyed around you by a rain of ion shells, you don't run towards anything as much as away. In any direction, there are going to be a number between 0 and about 10 explosions happening at any one time, and so my "escape" was more of an educated flee in the direction where the least explosions were happening. This is how I found myself at the Cathedral.

The Cathedral of the Fallen was built to withstand most human artillery, and was set to initiate a full lock down in case of catastrophe; it's not like the weapons would be of any use to non-heroes, but nobody wanted them to be stolen, either. I don't know why the building didn't seal itself, even after a wall had blown open. Along the way, I had been hit by a flying piece of debris - a car door, if it matters - and in hindsight, I think it broke a few ribs. I was able to limp right through the Cathedral's front door, at least.

The hall was unlike anything I had seen. It took my breath away when I saw how absolutely uncared for the place was. This was supposed to be as much of an armory as it was a museum, and it was definitely not fit to be either. With hundreds of display cases of varying sizes, there were lifetimes of heroes immortalized in this hall, but they might as well have been abandoned in a garage. A lot of the cases were too dusty to see inside, and cobwebs connected more than a few distant relics. I was as elated as I was saddened and afraid when I spotted a few of my childhood favorites.

 There was the thrust-hammer Mjolnir. A mass of hard old-world metal, melded with intricate mechanism, it could change shape to make the most of each hit, and the back was fitted with a kinetic thruster. I didn't even consider commandeering the hammer, since the Hero who first wielded it needed specially made exo-armor to even lift the thing. Another one down the line was Excaliber, a unique bladed weapon. It was made up of a handle with a blade on either end, but the blades were split in half, and rifle barrel sat in the middle aligned with the blade. I figured I was as likely to kill myself as anyone else with that one, but as the sounds of battle got louder, I wanted some weapon to hold, and pretend for a moment that I could defend myself.

A group of soldiers had been cursed with the same idea as me, and were retreating into the hall behind me, and I could hear the sounds of them fighting and dying. Time was running short. I ducked behind some display cases and held my breath, hoping I wouldn't be found. After the last soldier cried out and the alien's skittering faded into the distance, I could breathe again. But my hyperventilating had blown the dust off of the display case I was using as cover, and inside was where I found the relic that would save our planet.

Nobody remembers Hengar Thornfist, one of a dozen heroes who sealed the breach in Hylos. While most of the heroes were pushing the lizard things back into their own space-time, a few went through to try and cut off the source of the portal. Hengar was in neither of these groups. Hengar's weapon wasn't something he held and pushed towards his enemies, it was a part of him. 

From his mid-bicep down, Hengar's right arm became a monolith of blackened stone. In battle, the prosthetic arm would warp and take on many forms for Thornfist. In fact, he got his name from the thorny whip-like shape he usually equipped for close combat. But in the case of the wormhole, Hengar simply grabbed the edge and pulled it shut.

While there were certainly theories floating around the codex about Hengar's arm having a mind of its own, it wasn't something I gave much thought until I met it. After watching the suffering of war first hand, I figured this would be as good as any weapon. The arm was in its inert stage, a black stone block, but as I reached into the display, it reached back. A firm hand grabbed mine, and it was as cold as you would expect of any rock. And it just sat there, holding mine, waiting. I think it was trying to communicate, but I couldn't hear it over the sound of my own heartbeat. 

When I tried to pull away, the arm must have taken that as the handshake to seal the deal which I didn't know the terms of. Below the hand came a toothed maw, sharp black teeth gnashing. From the bottom of my had up, it devoured my arm, taking my flesh as payment for its service. The pain was as bad as you could imagine from having your arm eaten, but it was a little better than losing my life that day.