I thought it was a silly dream at first. An orange toothbrush on a nightstand. The pink lace nighty she wore. The soft hair she brushed nightly. The porcelain skin that looked as if it were chiseled by a genius sculptor. I loved everything about her- and I don’t know why.

I would day dream about her and couldn’t help but count the days until I got to see a glimpse. I don’t know who she is. Where she lives, let alone her name.

All I knew was that she was beautiful- and I couldn’t help but fall for her.

“Wake up, bro.” Heath snapped, as he waved his hairy arm in front of me.

“What’s up?” I yawned.

“Man, you need some sleep. I need you to go over these before you leave today, we gotta get a jump on this before Jake flips his shit. I don’t know about you, but I’m not gonna deal with his daddy issues when shit hits the fan on this project so we need to get it moving.”

I flipped through the pages of potential designs for the new fitness brand Jake wanted to launch.

“I got it, I’ll take care of it. Go de-stress somewhere.”

“My man.” He gave me a pound and turned towards the elevators down the hall.

“Oh, and in the back there are some Instagram fitness models we could potentially reach out too. I picked out your type bro, have fun.”

He cracked a smile before disappearing.

The last thing I needed was this, but I had bills to pay. Such is the life of a lowly corporate slave. 

I checked my e-mail, ignoring the yellow manila folder marked ‘Heath’ on my desk.

A message from Jake.

“I hope the we’re all on the same page here. Our competitors are launching multiple projects to keep up with the fitness trend. Liam and Heath, I need you to two to spearhead this, I want the plan first thing on Monday.”

Great.

I grabbed the folder and headed home, I couldn’t focus and look this over at work. I needed to be comfortable, 
I needed my bed. Hopefully she’ll come and sweep me away.

I thought about it on the way home. Why does a woman show up in my dreams? It’s been about 3 months since the first occurrence and it’s happened twice since then. Shit, is it some voodoo thing? Or some crazy fictitious shit like a demon? A succubus? 

It couldn’t be. I didn’t even get to see her face for more than a few seconds. And I wasn’t being seduced, right? Maybe it’s a spell? My mind swirled into nonsensical reasonings for my nightly visits.

I think I’m going insane.

It happened again. This time she was putting lipstick on, her blue eyes stared back into me. She didn’t know I was there, I was looking through her eyes. She puckered her full lips and curled them into a smile. Then she sighed. She walked out of the room and my eyes faded into blackness.

I tried to remember it. Any detail, who was she? Where was she going? Did she have a boyfriend? A husband? I became engrossed in the thought of her until I remembered the small leaf pendant around her neck that looked too detailed to be factory made.

I had to find out. Was this really just a dream? Or was it something that was happening right now? 

I flipped my laptop open.

“Leaf pendant small” 

I typed into google. I clicked the images tab after it searched. I didn’t know the name or brand, I hoped to find an image of it and hopefully that image resulted in a website to find a clue into this girl.

After four hours I got nothing. I tried modifying my search and included “handmade” in the search bar.

Searched by images again and I found it. An etsy seller. Was she an etsy seller? No, she bought it from etsy.


— 

To be updated! I’m new to reddit so bare with me, I don’t write for a living or anything like that and i don’t particularly consider myself talented. Just doing this for fun. I didn’t expect my response to this prompt to be so long but I do want to at least finish it. 
