Bobby’s eyes widened in a mixture of shock and amusement, ‘Sorry, can you repeat that?’

Sally, his date, didn’t seem in the least bit fazed. She looked up from her food and stared directly at him, her dark eyes devoid of humour, and repeated. ‘It’s odd.’

Bobby sucked his teeth slightly annoyed at having to clarify himself. ‘Not that bit,’ he explained through gritted teeth, ‘the bit before.’

Sally, who had continued eating, looked up again, then her face broke into a smile as she understood. Bobby felt a tinge of lust as her dark curls bounced around her face when she began to laugh girlishly. ‘Sorry, yes of course.’ Her lips seemed pinker than usual. ‘I think I would rather just stay in with him than go on a date. It’s odd.’ She blushed, realising what she’d said. ‘Most dates…’ she stammered, ‘minus the ones with you, obviously.’

Bobby could feel all the lust he felt for her fall away. They’d only been on a few dates, but this was still a little hard to hear. He coughed uncomfortably, trying to find the words to carry on the conversation. ‘Why odd…’ He finally prompted.

She looked up at him thoughtfully. ‘Well, I guess, really, it’s odd that I just want to hang out with my completely platonic male flatmate all the time. But, as I said, I guess my favourite thing to do is to sit on my couch, watch a movie, eat some pizza and drink a beer or two…’ she stopped herself, but Bobby knew the words she wanted to add; ‘with Damien’.

Bobby nodded slowly, now slightly bemused at the conversation. ‘Do you not think that, considering everything you've just said, you might consider him as more than just a platonic male flatmate?' 

Sally stared back at him blankly. He could almost hear her brain working, the neurons madly firing trying to comprehend what he was insinuating. He sat up straight in his chair, composing himself, highly aware that he was essentially about to ‘cockblock’ himself. He spoke slightly slowly, trying to make sure she was keeping up. ‘Bearing in mind you are sat on a date, with let’s face it a very attractive and eligible man who fancies you, and you’re talking about him, I have a slight suspicion you might in fact be in love with him?’   

Up until this point he’d assumed she was just hiding her feelings, but now, as he watched it dawn on her, he realised she’d just been oblivious to the whole thing. Her mouth fell open, somewhat comically, and she stared off into the distance, her eyes wide. He couldn’t help but laugh. She immediately came back into the room, and her face flushed red in embarrassment.
‘I’d… I just…’ she stuttered, her face bright pink. ‘I guess I should have realised. I think it just crept up on me.’

Bobby nodded in a compassionate sort of way. The damage was done, the date was over. He sighed wistfully and took up his fork to continue eating, ‘at least the food’s good’ he thought apathetically.

‘Everything ok here?’ Both Bobby and Sally’s heads shot up in shock to look at the waiter who had creeped up to the table unnoticed to them. Bobby smiled and nodded.

‘I’m in love with my best friend.’ Sally blurted out, a look of surprised horror on her face.

The waiter raised his eyebrows in a comical look of shock which quickly gave way to an odd sympathetic and yet encouraging smile. Awkwardly he gently patted her arm and said ‘good for you.’ He then walked away leaving Sally to process the information and Bobby to eat.

After some time, in fact just as Bobby finished his food and put down his fork, Sally seemed to wake up from her thoughts and stood up out of her chair.

‘I… I should tell him.’ Bobby nodded, now only half listening as he started to survey the dessert menu. ‘He deserves to know.’ Bobby nodded again, not looking up from the menu until he became aware of the silence than had fallen between them. When he did he saw she was sat back down and staring at him sympathetically. He felt a jolt of irritation, and he put his menu down to stare a little harshly back at her. ‘I must be the worst date you’ve ever had. I’m so sorry.’

He could hear the emotion in her voice, he sighed irritably but his expression softened slightly. ‘Do I like you? Yes. Did I think we may have a future? Maybe. Do I want to be in love with someone who’s in love with someone else entirely? No way. It wouldn’t have been very good if I’d gone on to fall in love with you and then you’d realised, would it? I’d rather hear it now than when we were just about to board a plane to a new home. Or on our wedding day. Or at the birth of our first child…’ She raised her eyebrow. ‘Ok, too far, but you catch my drift. I’d much rather get it all out in the open, and just let you run off into the sunset with him now, rather than be ‘that guy’ who gets in the way and ends up cast as the jerk despite the fact I’m actually just the guy who was in the wrong place at the wrong time on a date with a woman who isn’t emotionally intelligent enough to work out when she’s in love with someone despite the fact, from what you’ve told me, she spends pretty much every waking second of every day either with him or, at the very least, thinking about him...’ He took a deep breath, it was a sore subject, this wasn’t the first time he’d had to point out to a date that things weren’t exactly ‘on track’ towards a healthy emotional entanglement. She continued to stare at him blankly. He rolled his eyes. ‘So no, it’s not the worst date I’ve ever been on.’
She looked a little relieved, and nodded. 

They sat awkwardly for a moment before Bobby pointed towards the door and said the most whimsical thing he could think ‘go to him…’ She mumbled something about paying half of the bill, put some crumpled notes on the table beside her half eaten meal, and left.

Bobby rolled his eyes, and picked up the menu once more. Just as he’d decided he would stick to coffee, he heard a gentle, lady-like cough. He put down his menu to see an attractive female sat opposite him. Like Sally, her eyes were dark, but these had a sultriness to them that replaced Sally’s innocent, almost girlish, look.

‘I’m sorry, but I couldn’t help overhearing…’

Bobby gestured that he didn’t mind. ‘Are you here alone?’

‘I wasn’t, but I am now.’ She smiled again, this time a little mischievously. ‘My date had an unhealthy fixation with his work friend that I felt he should explore before we pursued anything.’

Bobby laughed knowingly. ‘So he’s gone to find her to confess his love?’

She laughed again, ‘him… and no, I think he’s gone to be alone and process his newly realised sexuality.’

She smiled broadly and extended a slender hand. ‘I’m Olivia Johnson. I’m not in love with any of my friends, have no irregular feelings towards my dad and have no exes in the closet other than one who ‘ghosted’ me a few years ago who I would probably still punch if I saw him now. I am emotionally available and find you, upon first impressions, incredibly attractive.’

Bobby obligingly took her hand and gave it a firm shake. ‘I’m Bobby Holden. I have no sexual urges for men, my mother was a perfectly lovely human but I don’t want my girlfriend to be anything like her and I would, one day, like a wife and a couple of kids to keep me out of trouble. I am emotionally available and I find you very attractive indeed.’

They sat staring lustfully at each other, until they noticed the waiter stood between them. He looked from one to the other and he blurted out, 'You're both completely insane.' 