We only knew him as our great protector. Even then, there were those that doubted him. “Protector of what, exactly?” They’d sneer. He never put on displays of his power nor explained himself, but his following was so strong it was impossible to label him a fake. Wizards, witches, oracles, they all exist with us, we don’t question their power or ability. We only questioned his. That was, until the day he died. 

I remember the announcement of the beginning of the end. “Our beloved protector lay still on a bed this evening,” cried a news-reporter on our cities major television screen. “His expectancy is no more than a few days. We will continue to watch this news story unfold and update you, his loyal followers, as we can.” A few scoffed “I’m not his follower,” but everyone else wiped away their tears. He had been around for so long, how could this be happening? We have no idea where he came from, who he really was or just how long he had been living. 

A few days passed by and we all gathered in our city square. We watched the black screen in anticipation for our daily news. It flicked on finally, after what seemed like an eternity. His face was the first thing we see. His eyes partly open. His wrinkles seemed deeper, his white hair faded into the white pillow beneath his scalp.  He looked like he was already a ghost. The haunting sounds of his dying breath were gruesomely caught on audio before the news reporter started speaking. She spoke slowly and grimly. She was obviously distraught.

“Good morning ladies and gentlemen, though it is not a good morning today. Sadly we watch as our protector take his final breaths.” Someone whispered behind me, “I wonder what magic will cease to be, someone in his cult loses all their riches?” A murder of snickers followed. It didn’t bother me any, I didn’t know if I should or should not believe him, I guess I’ll find out. 

Then it happened. His eyes turned as white as his hair and he breathed his last. We all waited in anticipation. It didn’t take long for skeptics to speak up, about to criticize everyone. Halfway through their bickering a sound I cannot describe echoed over the world. It was like the earth was groaning. 

Above us the sky darkened into a blood red and all the clouds dissipated. The sun faded away and so did our atmosphere. We were plunged into darkness only lit by now-visible stars and galaxies. I can only describe it as we saw the edge of the universe. Amongst the vast planets that peppered the sky above, we finally understood what we were protected from. 

We call them gods now. They are evil, hateful and we cannot defeat them. They live larger than our own planet and watch our every move. They toy with us, kill us, and treat our planet like a marble. It takes every magickal being we have to stop our world from being obliterated. 

Oh how we wish our protector was still alive. 


(Sorry, was a little rushed writing this. Hope it’s okay!)