As a child Psychologist my job can be Stressful sometimes. I want to do what's best for my patient's.  Starting In 1987 my entire professional career would never be the same. Alot of my younger patients would talk for hours about an imaginary friend they had. They always said he was very nice, tall and would listen to their problems. At first I didn't think anything of it...they were just kids being kids I told myself. Then something strange started happening, more kids started telling me about their "imaginary" Friend. Each kid would give the same discription as the last. Once the 15th kid had told me the same story I did some research to try and find a valid reason these kids all said the same thing. After weeks of researching and digging up some dirt I couldn't find a single link as to why 15 kids all saw the same "imaginary" friend. One day as I strolled down the park enjoying the sunny afternoon a kid was standing about 30 yards ahead of me. I kept walking to try and avoid eye contact but the kid was caught in a deep stare. He started screaming as I got closer and he ran to his parents. "My imaginary friend followed us to the park daddy" said the little girl. I tried to smile at the dad to ease any tention but he didn't look my way. "There's no one there sweety, your just tired let's go home" said the dad. They got up and quickly went to their car. I kept walking so I could avoid any trouble. 

Later that night at home I spent some time drinking Gin and watching Sport's. My mind was going 1000 miles per minute. Why did that little girl say that to her dad?? Was I going crazy? As I drank more I became increasingly tired and knocked out for the night. The next morning on my way to work a whole entire school bus full of kids stopped at a traffic light next to me. They all stared at me with their Peircing little eyes. They were all caught in some demon like trance. I turned the radio up hoping I could drown out the crazy looks. Moments later the whole entire school bus started screaming at my car. Once the green light hit I sped off hoping this was all some bad joke. As I approached my office I noticed construction teams doing remodeling. One of the construction workers were talking with their boss about the Remodel. "Yea the guy who worked here died a really horrible death awhile ago" he told his boss. "Yea it's real unfortunate...he was rich I heard" replied the boss. "How did he die again"?? He asked his boss. "He died trying to save student's out of a near by school that got shot up" said the boss. Before I could hear another word I ran..I ran until my legs gave out. My head Started to hurt and I felt so Alone. I started putting all the pieces together right there on the side walk. My phone hasn't rang or received text in awhile. My appetite has been completely gone since before I could remember. No adults have talked to me for the longest time. I haven't seen my family since Christmas break. My head started ringing some more. Was I dead?? How could I have died and not remembered? Before I could think another thought a young boy came up to my bench and said hi to me. 

I looked down and saw a blond hair kid who called himself Max. He wasn't afraid of me like the other kids were. "Max why are you bleeding everywhere sir"?? Max said with a soft voice. I felt my through my hair and felt warm liquid next to a hole. Stunned I looked down at Max and said I'm not sure buddy. Me and Max talked for what seemed all night. When the Street lights came on he seemed to be in a hurry. "Well I gotta go Mr Carson, will I see you tomorrow"? Said Max. "Call me Cameron, and yes you will see me Max" I said in a sad voice. "I'm glad your my new friend" said Max. As Max walked away into the darkness my heart felt nothing but sadness. These kids could see me because I was dead. 