It was about time for me to die. I knew it would catch up to me, after all, I had been waiting for decades. So, I set my final affairs into motion, making sure my will was up to date, that my clone was ready, and walked that final time through the hall of the empire I had built.

It didn't go as planned, you know. I thought the universe was a fixed game, couldn't tamper with the timeline and all that other nonsense we told ourselves to make us feel better. But I was wrong. When I went back to 1980, everything started out fine. I followed my plan to change the future from what I thought was a fate worse than death. I worked hard to tell stories that made people laugh at problems that were more serious than they could know. I made them feel like a simple quip could solve the unsolvable problems, like any Joe next store was smart enough to be President. That Apple's reality field was just a joke. I encouraged other comedians to mock politics in the same way, creating a culture that felt relief at hearing the news because it came with a joke.

I thought the way the world was turning out was going to cripple us, as we were slowly losing our dominant position as the leader of the free world. In a few decades I could see it coming. I thought Trump would be the answer to all of this, and thought it a shame he lost the election. So I set about changing all of that. I created a few shows that would change it, hoping we were wrong about the universe protecting itself.

Now I wish we were right. You see, I am about to be born. I can't exist in the same period of time twice, so now I have to go back. And I can't go back to fix anything that I have done, since I am already there. But I cheated yesterday. I went forward, to 2030. And there was nothing left. I am writing this to you, now, hoping that someone will heed me, will listen to the truth, and go back to fix what I screwed up. I hope it isn't to late, but I fear it really is.

\-------------------------------------------------------------------

Hope you all like it, and look forward to c&c. I know it isn't the greatest, but it is a start for me.