'Ah fuck you, man!' I screamed unpleased. 'You do realize what you have done?'
'Woah relax, bro' he interrupted my rant with a soft and kind of sloppy voice. 'What's the matter boy?'
'Well you are! Why did you have to slaughter him? Next day I'd have gotten on his place I worked years to achieve my goal of kicking him of his Throne and now YOU come and instead of befollowing my mischievious Plan and helping me out you kill all of our Security Staff and crucify him like Bad-man Jesus? You crush this castle, murder innocent inhabitants and Name yourself a hero? Do you realize you just killed a father who had-' 
'Wait, wait, wait - you aren't happy I extricated you out of his commands and saved this town from his evildoings? Dude, do you really believe there was a way out of this without bringing a sacrifice? See, if you want you can take the daughter of that poor Daddy who-' chillass McHero dude interrupting me again trying to change my mind. But now I returned his behaviour. 'Well, she's as ugly as this guy is dead. Even if it were otherwise, you stole my Chance to become famous! Stole my Chance to save the city! You weren't supposed to be here today, you weren't supposed to kill him for I had an other Plan! I were meant to be it! I were meant to be the hero! Damn it! Damn you!' 
'Man, dead's dead. Stop being pissed it doesn't matter if I'm the hero of if you were. The matter is that cruel man is dead! And this beautiful city's released from it's nightmare of ruler!' he had dropped his Sword being mildly infuriated by my grievance. Realizing he was barehanded I decided to be clever now. My day as a hero would come, with or without that Jackass. Slowly moving nearer to his side I complained even more. 'You don't get it! See I spent my whole life becoming his right Hand! I were so closed to take over the Throne and become a good king but now you - a Mass of hairs and muscles -' 
'Woah, stop you there mate. Thanks for the muscle compliment but you think I'm too hairy?' 'Doesn't matter!' I stood right above of his Sharp sword now. My plan was ready to become reality now. I took it off the ground. 'You know what? It's not that Bad you came here. I mean you took it a bit fast for me, but I took the piece right up again.' I picked up that long Blade of gloriousness, that shard of dreamfulfilling Plan. It would have an end now, and be the beginning aswell. 'People never had respect of me. You know they never knew how to kneel correct!' my voice became louder as I went on. The brave guy started stuttering, started realizing. 'W-wait, what  are you doing, man? I'm your acquaintance, your hero-friend! You can't pick up my own weappn and hold it against me!' 'Well,' I spoke 'You do see it with your own eyes though. Frightened like a mouse seeing the scythe of a Farmer rushing down on it! That's how I see you!' 'Dude, you can't do that! Im the hero, good guy aka Protagonist aka The guy that doesn't end up getting killed!' I separated his head from his body. 'I don't know about you but I think, nobody will be a hero today. Since a new King has been born! People will remember the day their Hero came - and lost again!'
The Emperor has risen.