"Always aim for the head", the voice echoed through Barry's mind as he slowly woke up. "Good advice", he thought to himself. Of course, he was used to hearing these voices by now. Some would call him "psycho" for that, but what did they know? He took it as a character quirk, an outspoken intuition that usually turned out to be right.

He had been sleeping a lot easier lately, now that all the trouble with the family business was settled.  
His father had just cut loose a former business partner; typical upstart yuppie, thinking way too highly of himself, making costly mistakes all the way.  
The merger with their new partners was far more promising.   
Barry had done his part, sealing the deal on the  big real estate acquisition his father always wanted. 

Things were going well, and Barry was happy to have made his father and stepmother proud.
The voice kept reverberating in his head with some faint memory, as Barry was reminiscing about his father's work ethics and personality. Straight edge, never drunk or angry, never even raised his voice. A man of tradition and family values.  
"The past few months must have been exhausting for Dad as well", Barry pondered, though he never had any doubt they'd come out on top.  
Father always had a keen mind, he's probably the sharpest guy in the business.  

Barry checked his business schedule for the day as he went through his morning routine.  
Nothing scheduled for the day, except for lunch with a good old buddy. Used to be a bit of a cocky douchebag, but he really changed over time. 
Got a lot more humble and polite. Of course, Barry had this effect on a lot of people. He was always open to learn someone's true self.  
Nowadays, their meetings were always a good laugh.
_________

Later that day, the words echoed yet again in Barry's head during his lunch with Theon.  
A cheerful smile stretched across his face as he spoke:  
"My mother taught me not to throw stones at cripples,...but my father taught me: Aim for the head!". 
