I have to be quick with this. If I die, let this letter be a record of the hell that was unleashed today: March 22nd, 2021. My name is Ollie Baker. I'm 15 years old and I live in Los Angeles, California. Or lived in? I don't know anymore. I was back home this morning, and now I'm here in Boulder. No, not Colorado. Boulder, Utah. There are only, like, 200 people living here, which is why we're here in the first place. That and the fact that we're almost 7000 feet above ground. Whatever. I'm getting off topic. Here's what happened.

I have this little brother, Sam, who's some sort of child prodigy. He has autism and some people think he's a little wonky, but he's the smartest damn kid you'll ever meet. He's especially good with electronics, like walkie talkies and radios. Our usual morning routine includes a light breakfast while I rush to finish the homework I put off and Sam fumbles with whatever gadget he put together recently. Can you guess which one of us is the disappointment?

Anyways. I was about to run and catch my bus when Sam yelled at me to stop. He does this a lot, and I wasn't having any of his shit today. I had a bus to catch and him getting his dumb radio to work wasn't a priority. He was really begging and pleading for me to listen to him, so I gave in. He raced to the window and pulled out some long antennae thing from his makeshift radio, cranking the volume up. At first, all I heard was static, but the radio picked up a signal pretty quickly. 

"THIS IS A MESSAGE FROM THE LOS ANGELES POLICE DEPARTMENT. ALL RESIDENTS MUST EVACUATE TO HIGH GROUND AS SOON AS POSSIBLE."

The second sentence of the warning was repeated over and over again, interrupted only by loud sirens. 

"What the hell?" I said, not to anyone in particular. I shut the front door and switched the television on. Sam dialed Dad's cell phone while I turned on the local news. 

The reporter on screen was giving a warning message, just like the radio had been. Except, the news reporter was advising all citizens to "stay inside their homes, lock all doors and windows, and gather food and water."

"Dad's on his way home right now and he'll be here in five minutes." Sam was shaking. I tried to calm him down, all while making sure to do as the reporter said and lock our doors and windows. Luckily, Dad's word was true and he was home pretty quickly. He slammed the front door behind him and ordered "Grab as much food and water as you can. Grab any money you see and hide it in your socks, your pockets, anywhere. We're leaving in ten minutes."

I was confused to say the least. "But the TV said-"

"I KNOW what the TV said. I'll explain everything in the car, just start packing."

I grabbed the biggest suitcase I could find and began filling it with the essentials. Food, water, toothbrush, pocket knife, wallet. My school stuff stayed in a neat pile in the corner, where it would stay after we left. 

As soon as my suitcase was full, Dad shoved me out the door. Sam was already in the car, visibly stressed. Dad was still grabbing a few things around the house, so I asked Sam "Why aren't we doing what the news said?"

He pointed toward the roof of the house. Our satellite dish had been sliced clean in half, held together by only a few frayed wires. There was no way our television should have been able to function, let alone without poor quality. Dad threw his shit in the trunk, shut it, and slid into the driver's seat. He backed out of the driveway straight across the front lawn, clearly not giving a shit about whether or not he knocked the mailbox over. 

The main streets of Los Angeles were bare. The highways? Bare. There wasn't a single car in sight. Millions of people had seemingly vanished from existence. I felt sick to my stomach knowing that everybody was probably locked in at home. I don't know very many people who listen to the radio. The second thing I noticed was that there were no police cars in sight. Wouldn't they be out patrolling and keeping people inside of their homes?

Dad seemed to read my mind. "Even the cops got the fuck out already." he said. Dad never curses. This had to be bad. 

They here have to go I love u Mom Dad Sam I lo