A lot of living people know about the land of the dead, no one knows about what's beyond that. Even those that have been dead for thousands of years. The ancient kings and pharoas who all desperately want to be forgotten have their hypothesis, but none of them know for sure. So I don't know how he figured it out, and how he knew what would happen to him when he got there.

 I'm the True Reaper and I've decided to let you in on what happens. Turns out you can't just destroy a human sole, after they're forgotten they're placed in a state were they can't interact with anything or anyone, even each other. Though they do have unlimited power of observation, they can go anywhere in the universe they please completely detached from the rules of time and space. Some choose to pass through eternity in an instant, to the end of the universe and time to truely cease to exist. Some choose to rewatch and study their lives. Slow down their favourite memories and so on. Others study historical events, there's a bunch of them watching ancient battles in great detail. A few are watching the girl next door take a shower in slow motion. The thing about them is they're now immortal with power to move themselves through time and space at a rate they choose but they can't interact. They have no physical manifestation at all. 

This guy though, he figured it all out, somehow, Forgotten but not dead. His mother lived alone and had no one, his father never knew he existed. He lived his early life completely avoiding any memorable interaction from the start. Like he was born knowing. When his mother died he was only 17.  He packed up and went out into the wilderness with the supplies he'd been gathering up and quietly just survived for a while.

To be completely forgotten usually takes a couple of generation's of family death at least for the dead. But this guy managed to be completely forgotten only a couple of years after his mother died. I turn up, rules are rules, he now has a living body and absolute power over space and time and since he still has his body he can now interact with everyone and everything in the universe. 

If you're wondering, he didn't choose to pass through eternity in an instant. He didn't take any interest in his own life, history or the girl next door. He wasn't so forgettable anymore. There's nothing I can do about him now. He's beaten me and I have a feeling that he knows about you. 