It was an accident, really. I was at Walmart, just getting some groceries, and I felt him. The entire world seemed to tilt on its axis until he was right in front of me, and then he was all I could see. 

I was born with a curse, you see. I can never be with my soul mate. I can love them from afar, but I can never taste that golden fruit. My mom has a "gift", I guess you could say. She has visions. And they're never wrong. If I chose to be with my soulmate, it literally means the end of the world. 


Like I said, it was at Walmart. I was in the frozen section, debating on whether I wanted a real pizza or just pizza rolls for dinner. And then there he was, tall and lean, with dark hair spilling over even darker eyes. They were the eyes I had seen in my dreams since I was a kid. Bottomless black wells with flecks of gold that would shine in the light. I couldn't see the gold from where I was, but I knew it was there. 

I grabbed a bag of pizza rolls and turned tail. I could feel his gaze on my back as I turned out of the isle. 


Fast forward two weeks. I'm in the local public library, browsing through the fiction section, scouring for any Stephen King I had somehow missed before. Then I felt it again, that same gravitational shift. He was there, I could feel him. He was so close, I could smell the cologne that could only be his. The sweet, heady scent of the body and soul that was made just for mine... 

I forgot about Stephen King and ducked out of the row of bookshelves I was in and tried to sneak to the door. I was only feet away from it when I felt a tap on my shoulder. I held my breath and turned, ready to say anything and everything I could to make an escape. 

"You forgot your bag, ma'am," said the woman at the desk. Apparently I had dropped it when I felt the tug of his life force. 

I fumbled for the bag, embarrassed, and shot a glance towards the area of the library that was pulling me so. He was there, of course, silently watching the exchange. A smirk playing on his lips, and an Anne Rice novel seemingly forgotten in his left hand. His right thumb was absently rubbing just below his left collar bone, the only sign betraying his cool exterior. He held my gaze for a fraction of a second before he looked away, and I felt my heart break. How could I be this close, but still never able to touch? To feel? 

I dropped my head and shuffled away from the library. 


Fast forward another three months. Not a single sighting since the day in the library. Not that I've been looking... 

It was mid July, just a few days before my birthday. I was at the lake house my dad bought the previous summer as an attempt to placate my mother after his affair. The back porch of the house looked over the lake, with a staircase going all the way down to the water, and a small dock with a jet ski just beyond the stairs. I was laying out on the dock, hypnotized by the steady bob of the jet ski on the water. I was slipping towards unconsciousness when I felt it again, that shift, but this time it was so strong and so sudden that I sat up gasping, my hands gripping the boards that made up the dock with all their might. He was here. Close. But where? 

My eyes scanned the shoreline in both directions, to no avail, and then out to the water. There were a few boats zipping around, a pontoon bobbing a couple hundred yards away, but nothing close. 

And then a shadow fell over me from behind. 
My heart skipped a beat or three and then kicked into overdrive. My heartbeat was thundering in my ears and I couldn't bring myself to turn to him, so I simply stared out into the water. 

"You've been following me," I said. 

He said nothing, but instead sat next to me. Still just out of my line of sight, but close enough that his scent filled my nostrils once again. It was intoxicating. 

"Do you know what this is?" I asked. 

"Yes," he answered shortly. 

"Then why do you keep coming? You know what it means if we're together."

"I do," he replied. He was a man of few words, it seemed. 

I sighed. 

"What do you know?" I asked him. I hoped this would be the question that got more than two words out of him. 

He took his time answering. While he was collecting his thoughts, I snuck in a glance. 
He was sitting just to my left, legs crossed. His hands seemed restless, the right one tapping out a melody unheard by me on his knee, while the left was busy twining his hair around his fingers. His lips were slightly pursed, his brows knitted together in contemplation. His eyes seemed a million miles away. 

"Devan," he began, and a jolt of electricity went through me. He knew my name. "I've always been here, watching. Waiting. You know of the curse, but not the meaning behind it. When we come together as one, the world *as we know it* ends." I looked at him blankly. 

"We aren't the only ones like us," he continued. "There's pairs of us scattered all over the place. I've studied you enough to know you aren't religious, but you're well versed. You know the story of Adam and Eve?" 

I nodded, still confused. 

"They were one of us. The only original pair that was documented, anyway. Except the Christians changed the story a bit, of course, for their own needs. Adam and Eve weren't alone in the Garden of Eden. There were others, many others, in fact. They were the Chosen Ones of their time, the select few who were pure enough to bring the world back to life. They were Called-or Cursed, however you want to put it- to not only bring about the demise of nearly everyone on earth, but to also bring about the new generation of people. The world was sick when Adam, Eve, and the others were Called, and the world is sick again."

He looked at me expectantly. All I could do was examine my hands.

"So what do we do?" I asked stupidly. I finally looked at him, straight at him. He met my gaze with a shy smile. 

"All you have to do is take my hand," he said with a grin. "And from there, the rest is history." 