As he was staring straight into the barrel of a gun, Gary wasn't as afraid as much as he was perplexed. It's as if time slowed down under the pressure of death. Note, pressure not fear.

The alleyway stunk of death as Gary was there trapped between a rock and hard place.

"If every person is entitled to one death then that would mean everyone will eventually die, unless the population is at an odd number." Gary thought to himself.

"Lucky bastard", he mumbled as he heard the click of the trigger being cocked. 

The gunman was confused as Gary was deep in his own thoughts.

"Hey, what the hell's wrong with you buddy? Dont you understand you're about to die?" said the gunman.

"Yes, but have you ever thought about it?" said Gary.

"About what?" replied the gunman.

"About who the last person surviving would be if ever the population was at an odd number?" said Gary as he began to pace.

The gunman obviously frustrated exclaimed "First of all, stop moving around! Second, he's probably going to commit suicide, he's entitled to kill himself."

"Fair point. But that's self murder, not murder- murder." Gary responded as he sat down on the concrete with a puzzled look on his face.

The gunman was itching to pull the trigger just as the police arrived.

"Papers." said the policeman.

Both of them handed their papers over to the policeman.

"Gary, no murders yet eh? Creep. At least this guy, Johann's, getting a virgin kill. All right, thanks boys."

BANG!

The gunman, Johann's, gun accidentally went off as he grabbed the papers back from the policeman. Gary started feeling his body for holes, although this was a bit confusing as both he and the gunman were facing the policeman.

"AGHHHH! I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS! Wasted a good kill. Today's not my day." Johann said with a grumpy look.

"It's not too bad. Hey, wanna continue our conversation at, like, a Starbucks, or something?" Gary asked Johann as they stared at the policeman's corpse.

"ARE YOU MAD? I WAS JUST TRYING TO KILL YOU!" Johann shouted.

"Uhm yeah. Hey, I'm just trying to make friends here. Why were you trying to kill me in the first place?" Gary replied.

"BECAUSE...... Uhm, this will sound childish. Well, because that's a nice jacket & they're sold out everywhere." Johann said as he tried to break eye contact.

"Oh. Dude, you can only kill me, stealing from a corpse is still illegal." Gary responsed.

"Ughh, okay. You know what? Let's go. To the coffee shop I mean. I'm Johann by the way."

"Gary, but you already know that. A pleasure to meet you." Gary said with a smile as he reached to shake his new friend's hand.

The end.