Media setup outside the hospital was especially intimidating this morning. This was the longest pregnancy and most anticipated reveal in nearly two decades, afterall.



Who would have thought only a day ago he was the one to reveal such a disappointment to the masses. He even practiced with his wife his two different speeches fitting for different types of power baby could have manifested. Yet, neither will be appropriate for this... this most humiliating oversight that was certainly not expected of a doctor at his level of fame and skill. 



Doctor Klaine, Johansen Klaine... will be the face of the mediocrity after all these years being the star- no, no, the Jesus of pregnancies. The hope giver... The revealer...



He went to his secret cabinet carefully hidden in the office desk. "Thank god, at least I remember how to find my booze" thought the sunken old man. Bottomed up one last generously poured glass of bourbon and went on his way to St. Michael's entrance. To his lowest low.



"...Today we gathered here for the reveal of one of the biggest mysteries yet to be revealed to our society. I am, once again, honored to be chosen...." 

Linda turned to cameraman Joe as he was tapping on the camera's body in anticipation. "Hey!" she said quietly and it was enough. Joe turned red instantly ashamed by the behavior which is considered outrageous in this line of work. 

"Sorry, Linda, it just feels he is dragging and talking on and on..."

Linda nodded and pointed to stage. A short and effective method of telling someone you need to focus there now.

"...and after all the careful examinations, we are humbled by our findings. Our team and most importantly I am extremely sorry to tell you that the pregnancy was never 15 years long."

It was as if synchronized gasps formed a brief and tiny vacuum around Linda. She and Joe looked at eachother, brows raised in disbelief.

"How?!" yelled someone from the crowd following a second of hanging silence.

"As I said, the pregnancy duration was not 15 years. We have reasons to believe that the baby was actually due 11 months and..." cleared his throat "... and seemingly chose to stay in the womb when it realized it was time to be born."

"After intensive testing, I and a large group of specialists came to an agreement that the baby is especially good at hiding. This seems to be its special power."

------------
edit: Forgot to thank you for reading. Cheers.

