"The water balloon fight, summer after second grade -  I don't want to throw the balloon at Greg"

The angel looked at Thomas befuddled, here was the man who had more or less set the course and destiny for the human race *on his own for twenty years* and he wanted to undo an errant toss of a water balloon. Thomas coughed politely to break the odd silence, checking his golden watch out of habit as the hands spun and spun in every which direction.

"Mr. Payne, we can certainly accommodate that request. I want to ensure you're certain though that your...balloon toss is the decision you'd like to change. You're sure?"

"As I've ever been, Gabriel. Could you please see that matter attended to? I'd be grateful if we could wrap this up so I could move on to whatever is next."

Gabriel put down his staff, and took out his quill, swishing his wrist in the air and conjuring the parchment of fate and history. He scanned across the scrolls billions of interlocking lines, each of them a lifetime twisting and branching into the lives of others.

Thomas Payne's entry turned the scroll's surface almost entirely black for what seemed like miles of worn parchment. Thomas had been one of the first people to meaningfully colonize space, one of the first to try and 'solve' the overpopulation issue on earth, and was responsible for the deaths of billions of people by virtue of the cost of rushing into the unknown. In a way, Thomas had unintentionally accelerated his position as the hundred billionth person to die by simple virtue of his actions - his single minded and undying pursuit of furthering his conquest to see the solar system made tame. The decades of making 'business decisions' that would take away or provide oxygen and water to colonies, the 'innovation opportunities' that lead to experimentation and unspeakable horrors. Despite all of this, Gabriel could see in the man's eyes an unwavering belief he had almost *never done anything wrong.*

"You don't owe me an answer, Mr. Payne. That much is clear to both of us"

"But you're going to ask me anyway, Gabriel. Which is fine, I've no umbrage with the question"

"You could choose to approve the fuel line installation that would save hundreds of thousands of lives. Could choose to delay the colonization on Io or Europa, which would save millions of lives and so many precious resources. Those are two examples of literally dozens of ways in which you could save these lives, to let them bloom into their own stories instead of seeing them cut short because of your decision"

Payne instinctively lowered his head and removed his glasses, tucking them into a pocket on his blazer.

"I'm not pretending to be a good man, Gabriel. I never did and I don't believe now is the time to start. I don't owe you an answer, and I don't need to earn any redemption now."

Gabriel's wings flexed and strained briefly before he realized they were moving. As an angel he couldn't suffer, but he could still feel the sting of knowing justice wouldn't be carried out.

"Before you ask, I don't want to call the ambulance five minutes earlier and save my first wife, I don't want to answer the message my son sends me before he overdoses, I don't want to decide to go home for the holidays before my mother dies. Those are choices I earned one way or another because of who I am and who I chose to be as a man. I'll become a tyrant no matter what, Gabriel. This decision though happens before all of that, this choice starts catalyzing things ahead of schedule - perhaps we can soften the collateral damage slightly by changing the outcome of this small event."

A door appeared behind them with Payne's name carved into its surface, Payne placed his glasses back on his face and nodded to Gabriel before stepping through. Gabriel was left alone with the parchment and quill, befuddled. When the quill touched the parchment, Gabriel was transported back to the moment in question. A summer evening in a typical suburban cul-de-sac. Gabriel watched as Payne filled up a water balloon away from the rest of the kids, a small group congregated on towels and faded picnic blankets. They laughed and ate slices of watermelon, a small speaker playing music in the middle of their makeshift party.

Even then, Gabriel could see the rage in Payne's eyes. A boy who had never felt joy, filled with a caustic rage towards anyone that had even for a moment been witness to happiness or love. Payne tied off the balloon and placed it behind his back, walking towards the group. A young boy with dark brown eyes and matching hair stood up and walked towards him, this boy's arms also tucked behind him.

They stood about three feet from each other, each grinning.

"Hey Tommy, want a surprise?"

Payne smiled mischievously, "I got a surprise for you too, Greg. How about we count down from three and each show each other what we have?"

Greg nodded, and they both started to count down from three. Gabriel sighed, this wasn't going to end well. As the boys counted down from one, Gabriel placed a firm hand on Payne's wrist keeping him from hurling the balloon over. Greg's arms rose, but instead of shaping into a throwing motion, he instead pulled out a popsicle from behind his back and lifted it towards Payne.

"My mom said to share, Tommy. Even with a geek like you"

Payne dropped the water balloon behind him, it bounced against the ground and popped, surprising both of the boys as Payne snatched the popsicle out of Greg's hands. Payne sneered and ran away, Greg shrugged and went back to see his friends.

Gabriel stood where the scene had taken place. In the tattered remains of the balloon were some sharp rocks, one of which had been previously destined to blind Greg in his right eye. Destined to show Payne the power of violence and the control he could wield over others. Gabriel summoned up the parchment again, checking to see what differences this made.

Sure enough, Payne's influence on fate didn't vanish entirely. He still went on to aim to colonize the stars, he still went on to make decisions that would end in the anguish of millions. The page was slightly more dim though, more muted dark tone. This small adjustment had saved three million lives, significantly more than any of the other events Gabriel had thought the man might change. Despite his frustration, Gabriel couldn't help but acknowledge Payne had been right - this was the most impactful decision Payne could have made. Pragmatic to the end, this foul man weighed everything out and had found the best solution was one where he would still kill millions. Payne had still 'won', even at this.

Another man appeared, shocked and scared in front of Gabriel. Gray hair but two intact dark brown eyes. Gabriel hadn't considered this, after Payne's decision he had changed his fate so that he wasn't the 100 billionth person killed. In front of Gabriel stood Greg, scarred and tired after a life of anguish at Payne's hands. Gabriel explained to the weary Greg the situation, that he could undo one decision from his entire life.

"How, um, *liberal* can I be in my interpretation, Gabriel?"

"Simply ask Greg, and I'll see what I could do."

"I want to kill that motherfucker Payne, and I want to do it as early as possible."

Gabriel smiled. Justice, it seemed, had a sense of humor.

\---

Part 2 available [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/a8n9c2/wp_you_died_today_turns_out_you_are_the_100/ecf1qw3).