“Mom, Dad, will I see them again?” David asks as he watches the iconic Blue Winged F-22 rain death upon the Airborne Fortress “Genesis”. Behind him is none other the Grimm Reaper, with his scythe in his hands. 

“Possibly,” Reaper responds with no emotion. His empty red eyes looks around to the other Grimm Reapers, taking more souls with them around the battlefield. Many are using their scythes but for some reason, the Reaper assigned to David isn’t readying to use it. 

“You don’t seem to be resisting, why?” Reaper asks. David looks back at him and then into the sky, watching the graceful Blue Wings. 

“Because I’m a soldier, Pilot specifically, but a soldier nonetheless. We are expected to die for our country,” David responds earnestly. 

The Reaper only shakes his head. “Yet what about all the souls I’ve had to collect for the past year? Most are soldiers who resisted either way, why not you?” Reaper asks. 

“Because I pass down the touch of my purpose in life to him,” David says while pointing to the same Blue Winged F-22,”To allow Erusea to learn from their pass mistakes and aim to become better people. We did horrible things during the Continental war in ‘04. I’m certain you had some experience yourself.”

“Any regrets?” Reaper asks once again. David just looks into the sky. David scoffs before approaching him. 

“Just one. Not seeing how the relationship between ‘The Princess of the Kingdom Of Erusea’ and the ‘Blue Wings of Freedom’ would flourish. And maybe not becoming the best man for the wedding of said couple,” David responds with slight sarcasm and regret. 

“Now I’ve got a question for you,” now its David’s turn to ask the Reaper, “Death is supposedly to be a great thing if one welcomes it, like a soft breeze or bashful kiss. But what’s the scythe for?”

But a scream was heard. They both look to the left to see a Perfanesian soldier on the ground crawling away from another Reaper. “I WONT GO DOWN! I WONT!” He then looks up to the sky, his eyes on the same Blue Winged F-22. “Damn you! DAMN YOU BLUE WINGS OF FREEDO- GACK!” the Reaper near him stabs him with his scythe and lifts it up with the body still on the scythe. 

“As you can see, it’s for the people who resist,” the Reaper says while motioning to the event that just transpired. 

“I see,” David responds solemnly. He then looks back to the wreckage of a Yellow Winged F-22 that belonged to him. “I guess my time has come.” He then follows Reaper and walks alongside him into the sunset. 