One pill was left in the box. It was from a box of thirty, Tyler knew. They came in thirty packs on months that had thirty days, thirty-one on the others, except for a special edition for February. They always had the right amount: never more and never less. But yesterday was April, and today was May, and there was one pill left.

Tyler gripped at his shirt to make his hands stop shaking. They began to rub his chest raw. One pill left must have meant he had forgotten to take it yesterday. God, he should have stayed in. The delivery boy didn’t come yesterday, and he had been hungry. Starving more like it. So he broke his routine and went out. And forgot to take his pill. 

Tyler slumped into his chair, knocking over a tower of take-out boxes. He had killed himself. Everyone had to take the pills. Take them, or the disease got them. And everyone had the disease. Oh God, why couldn’t he have just gone hungry for one day? 

His chair absorbed him. He was going to die. Someone would smell him and eventually break in. Not to check on him, but just because he was dead. He couldn’t defend his home if he were dead. 

What did that matter though? He would be dead. His chair and television wouldn’t die with him. They would get along just fine without him.

Tyler sat up slightly. The thought of his chair and television existing beyond his death raised his spirits.

It was best not to mope. Tyler was no moper, damn straight. He un-stuck himself from his chair. Death would find no moper in Tyler’s home. He sat on his hands to make them stop shaking. No, Tyler would be brave. Like movie hero brave. 

He puffed out his chest and waited for the disease to take him. 

And he waited.

And waited. 

And waited a little more. 

Night came, and Tyler found his back aching from sitting upright for so long. 

He was still alive. Nothing about him hurt. Well, he was a little hungry, but nothing else besides that. 

Did he not need the pill? 

Tyler shook his head so hard a muscle stiffened in his neck, and he was left gasping for air. Ridilicous, Tyler needed the pill. Everyone needed the pill. 

But what if they were right? ‘They’ being the people on the channel that Tyler’s television was not supposed to receive. Through the static, they said that no one needed the pill. When he first heard that, he immediately changed the channel to something more approved. Still, he switched back to it now and again. But just for a second or two. Tyler didn’t believe them, of course. Becuase after a few days of furtive glances at the channel, it stopped broadcasting. It made sense that they had died from the disease. 

But Tyler was still alive. 

Were they right?

Could he still die? 

His fingernails dug into his scalp and came away bloody and filled with hair. 

A single loud thud resonated from his door and a package fell out of his mailslot. 

He knew it was this month’s dosage of pills. 

He scrambled over to the door and tore the package open. The plastic bubble containing the pill crackled as he popped it into his hand. He had to take it. He didn’t want to die. He didn’t want to end up like the people on the fuzzy channel who said they went weeks without taking their pills. Tyler opened his mouth and threw the pill towards it. 

But he shut his mouth, and the pill ricocheted off his teeth. It snapped in two as it hit the floor. 

He placed the box on his end table. He wanted food. His body may have been dumb and didn’t know what Tyler wanted half the time, but it knew he needed food. Not once had he ever craved the pill. 

Puffing out his chest, Tyler picked up the box of pills and tossed it into a garbage pile. He opened his door, hands steady-much to his surprise-and stepped out into the night. The fresh air filled his lungs with vapors of burning tires and gunpowder. A burger place existed down the street, or it had when he was much younger. A greasy pile of meat and cheese between two buns called out to him. The pills were in the trash now and no longer called on him to stay home. 

He could go anywhere. Do anything. 

Like, buy television broadcasting equipment. 

----------

[If you enjoyed this story and would like to read more, feel free to check out my subreddit.](https://www.reddit.com/r/30SecFantasy/)

