It was decoded chaos. At first they accused the decoders of playing a prank. Once it was verified, everyone knew what it meant, yet noone wanted to acknowledge except for some cult that began calling themselves 'The Deposits'.

I wasn't sure about how to react. A colony??? How could we possibly have been a colony? The reporters have been eating and sleeping on my lawn since yesterday, they won't leave without a statement. I don't think its a news story they're looking for, what the need is an assurance, and only I know how much assurance i need.

The secratery of defence called me and said he's sending a car for me, they want me at the pentagon to discuss what the reply should be. How can we reply when the message has uprooted all our understandings about ourselves. We can't distinguish between scientists and conspiracy theorists anymore.

The pentagon was the most impressive building I've set foot inside, but i was in no situation to appreciate it.
The conference table was a mini representation of how the country is run- the men who actually run things and me, an ordinary citizen who happened to decode the message.

"Sit down, Jason" said the secratery. The President looked at me and gave ne a nod that said, "We hope you have sone faintest idea, because we got shit". And that's what scared me, i felt like there's too much on me.

"So, we have the basic idea about what the message means, Dr. Stephens will debrief now, Dr, please..."
As the Secratery sat himself, Dr Stephens rose, adjusted his spectacles and looked anxiously at everyone at the table. He seemed to be the only one in the room who got a grip on the things.
He began, "Last week, we got the message, we didn't know what to make of it, so we put it on the internet and young Jason here decoded it, as we all know, the message was in no forms what we had expected or imagined. So along with the decoded message and some bits and dots that was decoded as various locations, our prominent historians, biologists and geologists have been able to identify that the locations in the message have been the first areas that we believe that life began on Earth. Along with some underground structure that was dug out yesterday that proved out to be some kind of spaceship station, these messages prove that the message have to be taken as it is. We are merely a colony that was set up by these life forms as a way of expanding the possibility of sustaining their race".

"So they just dumped some eggs in here and just left?"
asked the President.
"We believe they did sent some individuals who tried to tell us of our origin, but we must have thought them for God's messengers and made religions out of it"
The doctor's reply invoked a prolonged silence in the room. 

"Put aside the origin theories, we have to decide what we have to do now. Mr. President?" The Major finally broke the silence.

The President looked puzzled at the Doctor. "How many of them are there?"
"About 2.5 billion from their data, and that looks like it"
"Clearly we won't withstand an attack, right?"
"No we won't, with their technology they can incinerate the whole planet it seems, they are orbiting us within range".

"Uh... What are the stands of other nations? If i may ask?" I intervened nervously.
"They're all under the stand that we should let them in, that we don't have any other choice. What is your take on all of this, Jason?"
"Firstly I don't think they'll 'incinerate' us, if they're looking for a planet to live on, surely they won't, so why would the orbit us with their big guns? It's clearly nit a defensive action because they've come in out range, and just because they put us in here, doesn't mean we owe them anything, we shouldn't let them in, atleast not until they've shown their hands."

"You trying to get us extinct son? They're clearly not asking permission, they're just knocking. We are supposed to open" The Major was displeased.

"It's just my take on things sir" I said.

The Major turned to the President, "Sir please dont tell me you're considering this"

The President took a pen and a pice of paper, scribbled down something and pushed it in front of me and said, "Son just encode this will you?"

I took the paper and looked back at him, he smiled at me and said aloud "Meeting dispersed until after the reply is sent." Then he whispered something in the Secratery's ears and I was escorted out with for men who were heavily armed into a room and i was sat in front of a computer.

There, i opened the paper and a sudden rush of cold climbed by backbone. It said "They believe you, begin descend."

