Some crazy got my phone number... or maybe it was Pete, my childhood best friend who has never been able to get over the incident.  Sure, I was a jerk, but don’t we all have regrets from our past behavior?

I start my graduate program next month in computer science and I need to start thinking about ideas for potential research topics.  Privacy, cryptocurrency, artificial intelligence... who knows.

Two years later...

I am halfway through my studies and was just awarded my master’s degree.  I am pretty sure that my research topic is going to be crytpocurrency and blockchain.  It would be really interesting to see if Bitcoin could become a mainstream currency.

August 17, 2012 - Bitcoin Savings & Trust Halts Payments - 1 BTC = $13.31

If I would have put the $1000 that my mother gave me as a present for getting accepted into grad school into BTC, it would be worth nearly $200K today.  That is pretty crazy.  I am very interested in blockchain, but I am beginning to think this whole cryptocurrency thing is just a bubble that is going to burst.  I think that I am going to focus more on the system that makes cryptocurrency possible and other potential uses.  Meanwhile, that $1000 is sitting in a savings account earning 0.1% interest.

One year later...

I am focused on using blockchain for medical records storage.  I think that Satoshi had it all wrong anyhow.  We are spending all of this electricity on mining and it is just getting too hard for transactions to happen which is antithetical to the purpose of Bitcoin.

August 30, 2013 - Tradehill Shuts Down (Again) - 1 BTC = $131.48

Meanwhile, that money wasting away in the bank would be worth over $1.8M in BTC right now.  I am so glad that I haven’t been caught up, the bubble is going to burst, I can feel it.

One year later...

It is just insane all of the illegal activity that has been supported by Bitcoin.  Ross Ulbricht was arrested late last year, the Dread Pirate Roberts guy who ran the Silk Road.  I am not certain he is really the guy, though, or that there even is a guy.  Congress has been looking into locking things down and so did China after initially opening things up.  Can you imagine having a market of one billion people and what that alone could do to the value?  My research into blockchain is floundering, I am thinking that I should have taken another angle.  Maybe I will look at it from the computational resources required to mine.

September 8, 2014 - Paypal Subsidiary Braintree to Accept Bitcoin - 1 BTC = $473.02

I am so glad that I didn’t get into investing in Bitcoin, it has tanked in value since late last year when it was around $1200.  Even still, I guess the current value would still be over $6.7M.  It would have been far better had it been the $17M it would have been worth at $1200 per BTC.

Max, one of my friends in grad school is studying quantum entanglement and its possibilities for networking.  I thought my research was far reaching, but quantum computing is insane.

One year later...

Well, it turned out that it was a good idea to shift my focus towards the computational efforts required to mine BTC.  Although, the grant money that I got to acquire the hardware could have probably been used for something else.  They’re going to come pick it up soon.

Max comes busting in and says he needs to run this code on my hashing hardware, it is the closest thing he can get access to before his time comes up to run his code.  I control it through my phone.  He launches the code and gives me a smile, “hey, why don’t you VPN into the cluster and give yourself a phone call.”  “Okay... I am not sure what the point is there, but let’s give is a whirl.”

I connect to the cluster and use the VoIP client that I have to call my own number.  It’s ringing in the VoIP client, but nothing is happening on my phone.  Max says, “what would you tell your 5-years-younger self?”  “Are you kidding me?  Were you screwing with my five years ago,” I shout.  Then I picked up the phone...

Voice: “Hello?”

Me: “In 5 years, you will have 30 seconds to talk to YOU, right now.  Make sure you have something good to say, because I’m stumped.” *Hangs Up*

“Holy crap, I should have told him to buy Bitcoin!”

Max went to connect his phone, but it was too late.  They cut the power to the cluster and were already coming through the hall to reclaim it.

August 15, 2015 - Bitcoin XT Fork Released - 1 BTC - $267.24

Two years later...

The bank has been funding me to keep looking into blockchain.  We have some promising plans, but I don’t think it is going to be revolutionary.

I remember that I did some of those Bitcoin faucets back in the day where they give out a very small fraction of BTC.  Let me check Coinbase.  I kept separate wallets for each faucet so that I could track them.  I was trying to see if it would be easier to automate the faucet collection than mining BTC.  There were about 14-15 different wallets.  I started looking through them and they were all around 0.001 BTC... I maybe had $30-40 worth of BTC.

August 1, 2017 - Bitcoin “splits” into Bitcoin (BTC) and Bitcoin Cash (BCH) - 1 BTC - $2787.85

I really wish that I had dumped that money into Bitcoin... it would be nearly $40M today.

Four months later...

Bitcoin has gone on a tear here recently, I need to double-check the faucet coins that I gathered, it might be enough money now for a downpayment on a car.

December 15, 2017 - 1 BTC = $17,900

As I am going through my wallets, I get to the last one and had to rub my eyes.  There is no way...  That’s right, during my research, I funneled some of the mining into this last wallet.  It has 114 BTC in it!  That’s... over $2M!

One week later...

I had already been making some plans.  I was supposed to go to the Tesla showroom to look at building a Model S P100D, with ludicrous mode.  I just go word, however, that Bitcoin is crashing.

December 22, 2017 - 1 BTC = $13,800

I knew this thing was a bubble.  I am selling, right now.  Well, still $1.5M.  If only I had told myself to buy that BTC, it would be almost $200M right now, even after the crash.