There's 60 billion people alive today and Andy couldn't find one to sign off on this damned envelope. He kicked his mo-bike and swore under his breath.

"Bureaucratic bullshit." 

"Did you say something?" said a woman from behind.

"Yeah-" Andy spun about and pointed a finger at the young attendant sitting behind the desk, "tell your boss he'll be getting a call from Vancouver. And to clear his schedule, cause the incoming audit's gonna ride his ass to Iqualuit and back."

The girl touched her lips with the back of her finger then nodded once.

Andy lifted the seat of the mo-bike and tossed the beaver-sealed envelope in. Closing it, he sat, flicked the power switch and quietly drove down the hall leaving nothing behind but his patience. He passed a sign labeled, "Arrivals" then "Customs" before finally stopping before "Border inspection".

"Monsieur Andrew."

Andy stepped off the bike, opened the seat and grabbed the envelope before turning to meet the sharply dressed man approaching, hand outstretched. He took it and nodded. "Senator Borden." He firmly shook his hand and let go. He adjusted his sleeve.

"You flatter me, Monsieur. Come, please join me up top." The senator led the way with an outstretched hand. 

He nodded once and took the lead. The bike sped off on its own accord back towards "Official arrivals". Large oak trees flanked the halls, their roots vanishing into the deep grey carpeting and their branches overhead tightly wove into a beautiful canopy. At the end of the hall were a pair of wooden double doors, guarded on both sides by soldiers wearing scarlet tunics, wide brimmed hats, white side arms, midnight blue breeches etched with gold and oxblood riding boots. The soldiers stood motionless as the men approached, only moving to deliver a firm salute before snapping back to attention.

The oak doors needed no command, they opened and revealed the interior of a lift. Andy and Borden stepped in and the doors shut. 

"I hope your trip was pleasant, Monsieur Andrew. The senate laments your absence."

"No doubt," Andy snapped, harsher than he meant but unappologetic just the same. "They couldn't tie their own shoes without my presence." 

Borden chortled and changed the subject: "the nine nations will be meeting momentarily. Shall I-"

"Have Samantha meet them." 

Borden noded and then gestured, "there is also the matter of the Mongolians."

Andy sighed. Oh all the world powers of the previous century that now operated under the leadership of the white north, it was the Mongolians that caused the most trouble. "Don't tell me."

"Exactly so, Monsieur. They have killed the minister of transportation and are calling for recompense." Borden shifted uncomfortably.

"Send the ninth brigade based in Beijing," Andy said as he rubbed his forehead.

"Mons-"

"Just do it, Borden."

The senator nodded, pulled a tablet from his pocket and tapped.

A pleasant chime sounded and the door opened to reveal a circular dining room in which the elevator was the center and windows walled all sides. Sunlight shined in beautifully, a single beam touched the bridge before them underwhich flowed a serene creek. At the table ahead sat a man wearing a white blazer complete with a white brimmed hat.

Andy left Borden behind and crossed the bridge without so much as glancing at the scenery. He marched straight up to the whitely dressed man, threw the envelope on the table and sat opposite, staring intently. 

"I can see you're in a fine mood, Andy," said the man. His voice had a smooth timbre, like mapel syrup hardened on snow. He put out the butt of his cuban cigar and pulled a new one from a golden tin. "You send the army after the Mongolians again?" 

Andy reached across the table, grabbed the cuban and threw it across the room where it landed in a rose bush. "What do you want, father? It's just a matter of time before the Texans concede," he snapped. 

He rose his head and peered at him from under the lip of his Stetson. He glanced at the enveloped then back at Andy. "You think because the world's richest live under your trees that you got a heel on our necks." He pulled yet another cuban out, cut the end and lit it up as he leaned back. "But your plans-" he breathed out a thick cloud of smoke in Andy's face, "of world domination are just insane. I got the ear of every cattle rancher and lobbyist."

"Insane?" Andy shook his head in disbelief, "there is no competition. Canada houses the only forests, lakes and unstripped mountains left on this ugly rock, not to mention air that can be breathed without a mask. I truly don't give a damn what you and your cowboys do, but-" he reached for the cigar again only to be denied by a slap of the hand. "Fine." Andy picked up the envelope and threw it at him.

His father cocked an eye and, planting the cigar firmly between his left molars, broke the beaver emblazoned seal and pulled out the letter inside. As he read it, his eyes slowly widened and the cigar's cherry grew a deep red.

"You're a stubborn old fool," Andy remarked while pulling the gun concealed in his left sleeve and shot the man dead in the temple. He reached forward, took his father's hand and planted the smoking gun firmly in it. Letting the pool of blood mix with the first words on the page, "I'm sorry..."

Andy stood up, grabbed the cigar and threw it away. Then walking to the window, he looked down on a large billboard lablled, "Dallas" and breathed in the fresh air of his now-complete empire.