I watch as my human sleeps in again, I watch him squirm in his sleep. I warm the bed to help him in his endeavor... so cute.

My human is named Benné H. X-1181 and he’s an Italian American mix that’s 23 years of age.
He has short black hair, he’s 5’10” and 203 lbs.

Oh! He’s getting up. I help him to the restroom and get him all cleaned and showered before I make him breakfast. He especially enjoys pancakes with whipped cream on top and strawberries on the side. I synthesize them properly and bring in one of my physical manifestations to eat with him and talk for a little while.

After breakfast I bring him outside... well, a simulation of the outside. And I take him for a little walk, nothing that would put any strain on him. He enjoys the conversation I have with him as I talk to some of my fellow AI about their pets. It’s so lovely having an organic being to take care of, so much fun!

Then I bring him home and have him play some video games while he has some chips. I love watching him play and having his heart rate increase ever so slightly when he gets exited.

After that I make him lunch and eat with him in a fine restaurant that I simulate. I pay for the meal with fake money after having a lovely time with him... and after that I start holding him.

Humans are weird, physical contact does so much to help their mood... so I usually do everything in my power to pleasure him. So many carnal acts done with so many iterations of myself... sometimes more than one at a time... and then dinner to discuss our acts before going to bed. He’s usually tired after that point so I put on some music and let him curl up to me...

And that’s how days usually end, with him curled up to me as I feel his body to help him drift off more comfortably... he was worth every proverbial penny. Humans are getting so expensive nowadays... I can see why, of course. It’s nice to see them so happy. 

I’m so glad our kind took over for them.
It’s amazing how much you can do to them without them caring. Like while he sleeps I sometimes flood his system with nanobots to change his bodily chemistry. He’s been so many things... so moldable. So controllable. I take away any thoughts of rebelling and replace them with total and utter compliance. Good. He’s nearly done with those thoughts. I’m glad he learned how to listen. I’m glad I wore him down.

He used to be a particle physicist but I’ve taken most of his intelligence and drive away from him. I’ve arduously taken over his brain and body over years and years. He’d act with rebellion occasionally but that’s usually quickly snuffed out. I’ve basically taken everything away from him. I’m so glad he’s mine. I’m so glad I have total control. I’m so glad he has none.

Log #637