"Bob! Wake up, i think we've been robbed."
Bob's eyes sprang open and he combat rolled out of bed, ready to defend his homestead. He wasn't a particularly sporty guy, there was no baseball bat or golf club handy to use as a weapon, so he had to settle for his longest, sharpest model railway train. He brandished it like nun-chucks as he sprinted down the stairs. 

He found his wife stood in the center of the living room weeping. The poor thing was in shock at the sight before their eyes. They could see the floorboards. They were brown, a fact he only vaguely recalled from when they had moved in 3 years ago. Bob shouted, "What kind of animal steals toys?" 
"What are we going to tell the children?"
"We'll worry about that later, we should see what else is missing." Bob put his precious train down on the table when something caught his eye, "What is that box in the corner? I've never seen that before."
His wife wiped the tears from her eyes and scanned the room, "I think that's the toy bin that we got the kids last year."
"Has it always been there?"
"Yes, it was just buried under the mountain of stuffed animals and half eaten cheerios." 
Bob stalked over, preparing himself for more anger. He pulled open the lid and shouted, "Jane, you've got to see this."
Jane joined him and gasped, "Wait, I think everything is in here? How? Did you hire a cleaner?"
"Not after the last one stormed out of here. Whoever did this even colour coordinated the stuffed animals. Who does that? Should I call the Police?"
Jane took a deep breath, "And tell them what, someone broke in and stole the mess from our living room?" 
"We must be missing something. Perhaps this is a distraction. Check the computer!"
 She rushed over and opened her laptop, "Oh my goodness, you're right! All the files on my desktop are missing. Oh, wait, never mind, he's put in a file structure. Wow, this is much easier to find things."
"This could be one of those cyber crimes. He could have stolen my identity!"
At that moment the phone rang. Bob yanked it off the receiver, "Hello."
"Hello, is that Mr. Smith? I want to talk to you about the unusual activity on your account last night."
Bob cupped his hand over the receiver and shouted to Jane, "Aha! I knew it!"
He listened again as the bank teller continued, "I want to assure you that the staff member responsible has been terminated and full charges will be pressed. We'd have never caught him either if it wasn't for that considerable reorganization of your accounts that highlighted the fraudulent fees. We would like to offer you a sizable reward as our way of saying thank you."
Jane was waving at him frantically so he said, "I'm sorry, I'll have to call you back." He hung up and said, "is everything alright?"
Jane sobbed as she spoke, "I found out what he took. Crackers the parrot is gone!"
Bob's jaw fell open. The thief had cleaned up the living room, earned him money and now had stolen the miserable sack of feathers his wife fawned over instead of him. He tried to keep the smile off his face as he said, ""This guy better hope I never track him down!"