Staring at the screen, Mike's eyebrows furrowed and jaw clenched. 

He wound up like a major league pitcher and fast-balled his phone into the wall. Surprisingly, the phone didn't exploded into a hundred pieces. 

"This case was a quality purchase," Mike said out loud to no one.

Mike couldn't help himself and looked at the text again.. 

"You’re an asshole. We're done," with a middle finger emoji.

His forehead tightened. 

Mike shouted the F-word at least eight times back to back.

The phone launched on a second flight with it's mission again being Survive The Wall. 

It did. 

Mike almost bit through his lip. He started chucking anything he could find. The lamp. His Jordans. An Xbox one controller.

Finally, he put his hands on Stella. His brown teddy bear with a pink bow. 

Dozens of memories with his girlfriend, Shelly, flashed through his mind.

"The Fucking Devil!" Mike shouted as Stella met the wall.

Dropping to his knees, Mike took in slow deep breaths. "This will pass. This will pass," he repeated.

"Will it?" a voice respond. 

Mike jumped to his feet in fighting position and scanned the room. 

No one was there.

"Down here." 

Stella, the teddy bear, began getting to her feet.

Mike began another series of F-bombs. A different type of F-bomb though. A psychotic repeating the same word with no pauses.

"So you got me... you got me," Stella said with a smirk while golf clapping towards Mike.

"Got you...?"

"You called me the Fucking Devil..." Stella waited until Mikes eyes showed he understood. 

"I'm a Devil. NOT The Devil. He's a relative of mine. Maybe a Great grandfather or Uncle. We Devils are not really sure." Stella explained.

Mike's legs got wobbly and he fell back into the side of his bed. It slid across the floor making a screeching noise.

Mrs. Jones, Mike's mother, shouted from the basement, "Everything alright up there?"

Before Mike could say anything, Stella whispered, "I will cut your dick off while you sleep if you tell anyone."

Mike’s eyes have never shown more white. "Doing Super, Mom!"

"You kids and your fucking sarcasm," Mrs Jones said and walked outside to do some gardening.

Stella continued, "I'm an offspring of the Devil. He spreads his seed on inanimate objects and BAM.. a devil child is born." Stella smiled wide and presented herself.

"I don't care about your evil lineage." Mike got the feeling he wanted to start throwing things again. "It was YOU who sent that group text about Shelly!"

"Of course it was me. She deserved it."

Mike grabbed his phone to read the text. "At least you ate asparagus before pissing the bed this time."

Stella's throat made the noise where you hold back a laugh. A moment later she belly laughed her ass off. "I wasn't the one getting laid! I couldn't take it anymore. I need a dry bed to sleep. Her occasional wet dreams were giving me PTSD... When's she going to piss on me next?!"

Mike shook his head slightly side to side, took a single deep breath in, and said, "I hate you." 

Mike continued, "You have to make this right somehow."

Stella paused, crossed her arms, put her paw to her chin, and said, "hmmmmm." 

——————

r/MagnumBurrito

Tell me I’m shit. It’s okay. You could write better with half your brain tied behind your back :)

Feedback appreciated.