"So... what happens now?"
I shuffled in my chair uncomfortably as Death stared at me in the eyes. Several emotions had appeared on her face all at once but I could tell confusion was the most prevailing the second was anger.

"You cheated! " she screamed
"Cheated? How? Why?" I said confused and a little angry at Death's accusation.
"Because... because." Death stuttered.

She sighed and fell back in her chair having given up her red victorian gown changing colour into a deep peacock blue. I had began to wonder if the colour represented her emotions but was whisked out of thought when she spoke again.

"I don't know how you did it, kid but you're the first human to ever beat me at chess." Death said calmly her hand supporting her head as she sat in the chair.

"I'm the first to beat Death at chess, sweet!" I cheered. Thats when she stood up and her very form seemed to melt and shift. She or it now stood over me a bony figure its face almost looking like a mixture of a crows skull and a plague mask in a green cloak obviously pissed at me as I backed up towards the wall behind me, Death getting up close. 

"I'll make you a deal, kid. You say nothing about this and you get one request. This request is also a binding contract you say what happened here to anyone and that soul of yours is gonna resemble Lord Voldemort on a bad day." Death said irritated

I slowly coward to the floor as Death leered down at me. "Anything?" I asked. "You can be reborn, but the life you know is over."

I looked to my left at my fireplace mantle where my body lay dead and above it photos of family. My mum dad and sister would find me dead soon, what killed me I dunno but it was that moment it all began to hit me that I was dead. Dead dead. And I wasn't coming back.

"Help them, my mum dad and sister. Help them move on from my death, please." I asked my voice cracking a little I couldn't cry anymore hell I couldn't even breath, being a ghost is weird.

Death stopped leering and stood up. "Good nuff, I'll honour your request as long as you keep your mouth shut." Death stated a hint of annoyance in her voice.

"Now take my hand, you have a long journey ahead of you" Death said taking her victorian form again hand out to me, smiling. 