I’ve never died in my dreams. I’ve always gotten myself into messy situations like jumping from a 50 metre cliff into a roaring sea or driving a car at 300 km/hr on the highway, that kind of thing, but I’ve never died. Death is a common theme in dreams, always lurking, always waiting to throw you back into reality - that gasp and wide eyed stare at the ceiling, heart going crazy, until you realize it wasn’t real, that you’re ok. 

Until today. I died today in my dream. And I think my mum died too. 

The world of my dreams is almost exactly like our own. Same mum, same dad, same crush.

I do things here that I wouldn’t do in real life. Like ask girls out or fight my dad when he’s about to beat Mum up again.

I steal watches from Tag Heuer shops. Middle finger to the headmaster at school. Smoke weed in front of the police station. And that’s ionly the light stuff. Lately I’ve been doing more dangerous stuff because why not? Running into burning buildings, surfing on a train going at 100 kms per hour, sky diving and not launching my parachute...

I always wake up in the middle of it, before anything really exciting like dying or getting caught by the cops happens, when Mum wakes me up for school. 

She didn’t wake me up this morning though.

•

I’m hanging off a high rise building. It’s exciting, terrifying. And then there’s Mum, running towards me on the building’s top floor, screaming my name. I tell her it’s ok, that she’s overreacting. My hand slips, I fall and, trying to grab my fingers, trying to save me, she falls too. This is when I usually wake up, when Mum’s voice floats in from the real world (“Up we get!”) but I don’t. I keep falling. She keeps falling above me, her arm still outstretched to me, screaming. It feels too real, too vivid. I begin to panic.  Even though it’s only a dream, plunging to your death is still scary. I’m yelling. And then wham! everything dissolving and morphing into a dark roar.

•

I’m up, panting. The clock says 7:02 am. Mum usually wakes me up by 6.

I get up and head to the bedroom she shares with dad, mind racing, wondering  what he could’ve possibly done to her now.

Their bedroom is on the ground floor. I place a foot on the first step and slip, crashing down the stairs, everything violently whirling, and when I find myself, bruised and shocked, at the bottom of the stairs, I’m grateful Mum took me to that class where they tell you how to protect your head and neck when falling down the stairs. 

I get up, unsteady on my feet, my body screaming “pain!”. I’ve NEVER fallen down the stairs. Weird, it’s like an invisible force is trying to kill me. 

The house is unnaturally silent. I continue towards their bedroom, limping and apprehensive, and then, as if to confirm my worst fear, to put me out of my anxious misery, her scream shatters the quiet and two gunshots, so loud, so blood-curdling loud, follow. 

And before I could even react, the door opens, and my father, splattered in blood, sees me and raises the gun and the last thing I remember before the “After”, before my 10 year struggle with Death, is a pain so great that it left me cursing my own mother for ever having brought me into this world of pain. 