"Is it that time again already?" Deaths familiar stepped out of the shadows given by the treeline.

I was unable avert my eyes from the accident I caused, "Afraid so," 

Death and I gazed upon the flaming wreckage, my recently restored Mustang, now a giant piece of twisted metal on the side of the road. One of my arms reached out the broken windshield motionless. 

"These have only been around for about 70 years, do you ever get tired of these things killing you?" Deaths gazed upon me, and I could feel his judgment. He wasn't much better than the girls I went to school with in this life.

"And honestly it never gets easier." I more or less confirmed, "Last time I die with alcohol in me, I can promise you that."

Death scoffed at me, "What makes you think you will get another shot, surely your luck is running out by now."

At last, I looked up to death with a smirk tugging the edge of my lips, "I'm sure I've got a little bit of Irish running in me, and don't call me Shirley."

Slowly death pulled a heavy coin from his robe, holding it out in his skeletal hand. I nodded and soon heard the metallic flip of a coin and answered the unspoken question, "Tails."

The crackling of flame made apt background noise, seeing how simply both a life and flame can be snuffed. Time slowed for the moment upon hearing the thud of his coin hitting Death's palm. 

I winced hearing the bony clicks of Death's hand tightening around his scythe's handle, "Damn, looks like that'll be all for tonight's run-in. Well how do you wan't to be reborn this time, perhaps a few years forward in time, where these aren't moving Me machines." His hand disappearing into his cloak to stash the coin.

I waited patiently, before enticing the angel with another offer, "Double or nothing."

"What?" Death seemed perplexed. What I said certainly wasn't an age he was expecting to hear.

"Double or nothing," I finally turned my head to see his intrigued expression patting at my side, "In my right jacket pocket, is a three karat, princess cut, diamond ring." A bonus of living multiple lifetimes was storing funds in various places, this life was young but blaming my things on wealthy parents made it easier to hide. 

A knowing smile made the connections to respond, "Whens the last time you decided to get married, five lifetimes ago."

"More a gift, too young for tying any knots. Nonetheless, I'm happy and young with Dianna, that's something I don't want to give up on. If I win the coin toss, I get to keep the body, instead of switching to a new body." 

"It would save me from having to hunt you down the next time." His hood nodded as his hand returned with the coin, prepping to flip it.

"Hold on," I asked, opening my palm in begging, "Care to entertain me, and let me flip it? For once this will be for something more than just me."

He humored me and pressed the metal into my hand, notably heavier than I thought it would be after all these centuries. 

I flipped the coin, watching it dance and scatter the reflected fire light in all directions, "Call it."

"Heads and you're dead." Death called.

A joke, from Death? Maybe he's turned a new leaf.

We both bent over as it clattered on the asphalt. I had never inspected the coin before, but I after looking at it against the pavement tell you every detail of it now. 

"I had to give it a shot."

The two of us gave each other knowing glances, the coin showing crossbones. I couldn't help but laugh, "I guess the Irish are luckier than Death after all."

"You're mixed, I should know. I've escorted all of you ancestors personally." Death wasn't in the mood. 

My sight became dark and feeling slowly returned to me. The next thing I knew, I was crawling my way out of the upside down window of what was once a vintage Mustang. My leather jacket weathered with cuts and burns, and it looked like I had lost a pint of blood more than wanted, but I'm sure I would be okay. Sitting on the edge of the road against a tree opposite of where I just had an after death experience, holding the box tightly in my pocket as I heard the sounds of emergency services closing in. 

I don't think Dianna is going to be happy about my arrival to dinner.
