How does the saying go? "Tis the journey, not the destination"? I believe there is no truer example than the band assaulting my summer home, a little castle by the sea. It has the most amazing view at the second hour of daylight. Fortunately this party attacked at that exact moment, and I learned the glorious time that would be had.

"Would you look at that view... It's... just whoa..." I believe it was their archer, a fellow with enormous shoulders.

"Yeah, would be nicer if we weren't BEING ATTACKED BY FRICKING HELL HOUNDS." Their healer was fending off Daisy, my lovely puppy, with a gnarled staff.

"Well, we wouldn't be attacked if you just left the roast chicken at camp, dog might still be asleep then."

"DID YOU EVEN SEE THE SIZE OF THIS PALACE?!? WE COULD BE HERE FOR DAYS!!!"

"We wouldn't if someone didn't use the map as tissue, right *DAVE.*" The archer glared at a posh-looking fellow. I think he's a rouge, but not nearly dashing enough.

"*Sooorrrryyy,* but unlike you lot, I have standards. I only use the best of fabrics to clean myself."

A huge porky knightly fellow unhinged his visor, "Well, how'd ya end up in the barn we slept in?"

"I was- eh- shut it."

"CAN SOMEONE GET THIS MUTT OFF ME!?!" The healer was whining again, if only she knew that Daisy only wants to kiss.

The knight responded, "Sorry, but didn't ya say, *'Strong women like me don't need a stoopid man'*?"

"Louis... I AM GOING TO DIE, IF YOU FUCKWITS DON'T SAVE MY ASS!"

"Alright alright, just stop yelling, I'll get it off you." Louis then drew his blade, wielding it with both hands to strike Daisy.

Luckily Daisy is a smart pup and ran off as soon as the knight began his swing.

"You're welcome."

"Excuse me?"

"What? I saved your ass, right?"

"For now, but that thing will be back and bite us in the ass later!" She faced the archer, "Felix stop staring at the sun, you need those eyes to not hit us."

"Sorry, it's just... wow. Also not staring at the sun, looking at the view. The light off the water, the mountains in the distance... just amazing."

"Why should I care?"

"You'll seem less like a bitch?"

"Really!?"

"Sorry, that makes the dog look bad."

"Fuck you guys."

Truly, this collection of bad ideas would be quite entertaining, unfortunately I do need to ensure the place is free of pests... maybe I can convince my wife that they're just pets.