"TRRRRIINNNGGGGGG!!!" shrills my alarm clock as it does every morning at 6.

"THUMP!!" goes my alarm clock after I hurled it to the wall on the other side of the room for disturbing my sleep.

I hate mornings. Mornings means having to wake up to the monotony and dullness of reality. Mornings means another day of being an irrelevant and unnoticeable cog in the wheel of capitalism. Morning means... morning means having to feel the pain of realizing that my relationship with John is nothing but a dream. Mornings are murderers of dreams.

Don't be so cynical one might say. Be grateful for mornings, it means you're still alive says someone else. That's all fine and dandy for a normal person to say. But if they were in my shoes, they'd rather be dead than to wake up in the mornings too. You see, unlike a normal person, I discovered 2 weeks ago that I have a gift, that I have the ability to control dreams. Not just my own dreams, but the dreams of everyone in the world down to every single detail I can dream of. When I sleep, I'm not just like a god, I am. I have the power to give life and the power to take life. The power to fulfill anybody's deepest desires, if they only gave me their love.

Ever since I discovered my gift, I've been reliving every night with John, the love of my life. Reliving the date we would never had. Just the two of us, cruising along the highway in our yellow convertible Camaro, with the radio blaring that song by Luke Bryan about not wanting the night to end. The sun blaring with the wind in our hair, as I looked at him with the intensity of a lover who'd go through a thousand suns just to be with her one true love. Everything was perfect, until the shrieks of the alarm clock ruined everything.

John and I had been schoolmates since middle school. But despite being in all the same classes we've never talked in real life. I was that weird goth kid who dyed my hair red and purple in grade 7, started cutting myself in grade 8 and started smoking weed that same year. Someone who lost 2 of her best friends in grade 9, one from a drug overdose and one from suicide.

John on the other hand was perfect. Athletic but not a dumb jock. He was liked by everyone including the teachers, but was never an annoying teacher's pet. His clothes were always immaculate, even his shoes always polished. He sang like a baritone opera singer and danced like a Broadway star. He has the memory of a computer and knew everybody by their name.... well except for me. Despite that, no one could measure up to John Brian Sullivan. He was the perfect man.

Unfortunately, he doesn't know I exists. Even if he knew, why would he even care about me or think about me? It has been years since I last saw him. I can't even stalk him on Facebook since he doesn't have one. He's probably too busy saving the world to be on Facebook.

As I begrudgingly move on with my day, I was forced to stop by the gas station when my car low fuel signal turns on. While filling up my tank, who else should drive into the pump next to mine but John in his blue Civic. I quickly glanced away after making a brief eye contact with John.

My heart was racing and my breathing getting more heavy! "Dear God, please do not let him notice me, don't let him see me in this pathetic state that I am in right now." I said to myself as I squeezed my eye shut as if waiting to be ran over by an 18 wheeler.

"Amber!" I heard John yell out of know way.

My mind started racing as all the blood started rushing to my head when I heard him call my name. He KNEW who I was. This was the first time in my life that he had ever acknowledge my existence. I could have died of sheer happiness or died from embarrassment, I don't know. Either, I felt like dying.

I turned to him an stammered "Ohh... Hi... John."

"Not to be weird or anything but I've been dreaming about you. Nothing sexual or whatevs... ummm. It would sound weird but I've been dreaming of us driving in a car on the highway." he blurted...

Most people would have started a small talk, but he was straight up honest, saying what he wants to say. That was what makes him so special. I wished I could tell him the truth about the dreams but...

"Ohh that's uhhh... strange" as I let out a small chuckle trying to play it cool as if nothing happened, "you're not the only person to tell me that."

"Really?" John asked

"Yeah, don't know why." I said while brushing my hair that has fallen in front of my eyes.

He continued saying something but I was too nervous and distracted to understand what he was saying. I wanted to get out of there as fast as I could. In my nervous state, I pulled the pump out too early and had some gas spill on the body of my car. I could only pray John didn't notice what happened.

As I scrambled for my keys and started heading for the driver's door, John said "Well okay, it was nice talking to you."

Trying to be polite, I replied, "Yeah, you too." Out of no where, I glanced at his beat up old Civic an said "Not much compared to your Camaro is it?"

"SHIT! I thought to myself. WTF, did I just say." I thought to myself as what I just said to John started racing towards his ears at the speed of light....

My whole body froze, I couldn't move, I couldn't breathe... And suddenly everything turned white....

Edit: Mostly plagarized from u/philcfm19 who wrote a story in another r/WritingPrompts post. [https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/8s0c98/wp\_a\_person\_from\_your\_past\_recently\_started/e0vs7jc/?context=3](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/8s0c98/wp_a_person_from_your_past_recently_started/e0vs7jc/?context=3)