Crikey, we are out in the outbacks of over populated Los Angeles, when out of nowhere I see a couple of humans hanging around in the corner. There is this 300 pound male with a sinister face who looks like he can kill someone with a single punch, I'm going to go and touch him. As I approach cautiously, first hiding under a vehicle, then crawling through the street narrowly dodging traffic while other vehicles honk at me. Thirty minutes later I managed to get across the street without the subject noticing me. Upon closer inspection I see that the male is using his mating call. "What up bitch", he yells to what seems to be a member of the opposite sex. She looks puzzled and looks like she wants to leave but she comes closer. "Excuse me what did you say?" she replies. "I said what's up Bitch" he said. The lady walks closer and suddenly the man jumps on her and starts what seems to be eating her face. Oh sweet Odin's whiskers this might be a grotesque scene! I'm standing two feet away documenting the whole thing! The behemoth picks up the lady and throws her into the back seat of a cab, knowing I can't miss out, I run and jump on top of the cab. After what seems to be a short ride, we arrive to a small house. The man still enjoying his catch of the day lifts her up and pulls the keys out of his pocket with a single move. They go into the house and I do not know how to enter. I cannot miss this opportunity. I see an opening through the window, and as I approached I could already hear the female screaming oh god, oh god. With no time to lose I threw myself through the window and landed with a couple of bruises and scratches. I seem to be in the bathroom. I exit the door and see a dim light out of a room with a piece of clothing on the floor. I open the door slightly and there they were, screaming like animals as the man pounded her again and again with a cylindrical weapon he carried underneath his belt. The woman was no chump she kept up a good fight and was persistent. After watching for a couple of more minutes I saw that the female had prevailed! The man fell to his side and couldn't get up. The woman sighed, an expression of victory! "Really?! 300 lbs and only a couple of minutes". The female had dominated the male and as she got up and started heading towards the door, I realized that I would be caught. I rushed back to the restroom and hid behind the curtains. But she followed and entered. She sat down and excruciating noises were let out. She repeated some of her earlier phrases, oh god. As she got up, I slipped. Crikey, my presence is now known! The female did not hesitate and approached me. This might be my last day, and crap I had shitty McDonald's earlier. She grabbed ahold of my belt and yanked it off. Pulled down my pants and took off my shirt. She was hungry! Then she grabbed my face pushed it upon her face. She proceeded to copulate with me! Two different species, it would not work! After what seemed like an eternity, she screamed thank you and proceeded to chew my head off. Moral of the story stay away from praying human mantis. 