I was about to exclaim "Who are you?" but the air caught in my lungs; the memory hit me suddenly, my head started spinning, my vision blurring and it took me a couple of seconds just to realize I was welling up with tears. My mind was racing, my heart in tow, desperate to keep up, undecided whether to skip a beat or jump out through my throat - the thought was entirely irrational and yet the flow of my thinking kept getting derailed into this singular idea that I knew _exactly_ who was standing in front of me even though every cell in my body protested it to be impossible.


I frantically searched for the answer, _an_ answer at least, that would allow for an explanation, something to resolve this misunderstanding; but by then I knew very well that there had been no misunderstanding. There was no room for a misunderstanding, I could suddenly recall that day in painful detail. Inexplicably the smells were the first thing rushing back: the tulips and the freshly cut grass, the breeze that had come from the half open door as he had been standing there in his jeans, smiling at Mom. I remembered how I hadn't cared the slightest at that moment, and yet here I was 50 years later recalling the scene exactly down to astoundingly minute details. The way sunshine had been reflecting off his already graying hair and the awkward way one of his shirt collars had been
caught outside his pullover. He had been looking at the shopping list as the door closed behind him, the words still ringing in the air "I'll be right back." as if the world had known then that this would be the last time I hear his voice gracefully granting me another millisecond of echo - a millisecond that I foolishly squandered by not listening - and yet that sound now reverberated clearly in my ears after all this time.


Now here he was, right there standing in the doorway, clinging on to a bottle of milk, the look on his face frozen into an expression somewhere between elation and anguish, the divide clearly rippling through our mutual silence tearing apart all logic in flashes of painful doubt turning into ecstatic recognition then back to distraught rationalization again; all in the space of a blink of an eye. I didn't fully understand the thoughts that formulated in my mind at breakneck speeds. Something was not right, my mind would scream at me, the man in front of me has not changed in those 50 years, how can that be? It _can't_ be.


Before the realization has reached my consciousness, a brief flash of terror has already gripped me, I felt like I was punched in my chest, my stomach shrank to the size of a peanut, my throat closed up and my hands went numb and very cold. He has not changed, but _I_ have. My brain took the realization to its logical conclusion: he might not recognize me. It could not have been more than a couple seconds since the door opened and I saw him and yet shock was winning in a way I have never experienced before and therefore I was helpless but to obey its grasp, bewildered and frenetically looking for a way out. 


Our eyes locked and I could see his distraught glance, his thoughts spiraling out of control, but right there I also noticed a tiny spark. Recognition that can only happen between a parent and a child, something that is beyond our understanding, a bond that is stronger than the invisible forces holding the universe together, perhaps that's precisely why he would be standing right in front of me at this very moment, not having aged one bit in 50 years, looking at his son who was now, incomprehensibly, older than him, his perplexed gaze perfectly mirrored in mine. I opened my mouth, but he spoke first.


"Dad? It's me." - after an eternity he turned to call someone - "No, Mom. For a second I thought that he did today. Maybe tomorrow."