part 2

"Of course audio and video." He handed me a pair of headphones. "Put these on." I pulled the headphones over my ears but couldn't hear anything.  "Okay here we are," he continued, "I know the body cam video's not the best so let me talk you through what you're seeing here. Okay the agent's at the door. He says he's there for a bleach job. This is where your stuff works its magic. Even though they don't know him from Adam, it seems pretty clear he's one of them. And....he's in..... See? what'd I tell you? TV just sitting there..... Sound's not even on probably." The General grabbed a nearby headset and put one of the speakers to his ear. "Hey Grey! Can we get that sound through over here!?" He turned back toward the screen "..bleach everywhere.." he said addressing me again. 

The headphones crackled and I could hear the audio line from the agent's wire. The general was right I didn't hear the TV, just some music, and pretty unpopular stuff from the sound of it. I could hear some talking, the agent assuring one of them he wasn't a cop. Wow, it looked like the house was full of them, just sitting around with no phones, nothing. Several of them were going back and forth about something. I couldn't make out what they were talking about, but it sounded pretty stupid and pointless whatever it was. At least one of them I could see seemed to be sitting off by herself reading what looked like a paper book. Most of those I could make out in the video feed were in various stages of growing out black market bleach jobs; the one closest to the camera had at least two inches of dark, black growth under platinum blonde crowns. These people didn't look as dangerous as they did sad and bored. 
 
The agent appeared to be sitting down. It looked like they were covering him with something. The image went white.

The General looked up from the screen and addressed the room: "Do we have a problem?"

"No sir." one of the civilian technicians answered. "It appears to be a cloth for the bleach, we still have audio though."

"Alright put that through on the main speakers."

"Yes sir."

I took off the headset. The control room was filled with sounds from the bleach house. I could hear what must have been the self-styled beautician talking to the agent: "...want anything to read while you wait? This stuff has to sit for a-" There was a half second of silence then "HE'S GOT ROOTS!!" The video and audio feed then erupted into utter chaos. The agent must have thrown off the sheet because we had video again, but it was hard to make out exactly what I was seeing. People were all over the place; I could hear glass shattering, what I think were gun shots, then some screaming.

"Grey, cut the audio." The general yelled behind me. "Sorry, it gets to be too much and you can't really make anything out anyway... but we need a record of some sort for official reasons. Anyway there you have it sir, the rest is just clean-up. Occasionally there's a minor incident with neighbors or family members, they get upset and then themselves resist arrest."

I looked at the screen. The agent wearing the body cam appeared to be out of the house and running through the street "So what happens to them all now?"

"Well, the ones that don't forfeit their right to trial by resisting arrest, get taken to a regional processing center. Every now and again one of them knows something, but most of the time it's pointless even talking to them. You start to learn that they're a real entitled bunch and they think they have some kind of rights. We hold on to them for a while then we hand them off. You know they can't be rehabilitated and they only cause problems if you let them roam free. Can't send them anywhere because frankly nobody wants them, but it's a waste spending tax payers' hard earned money on incarcerating them, so can't lock 'em up either.... but we hand them off and the administration handles it. You have any other questions?"

"No." I glanced back at the screen. Oh damn! Somebody was getting the shit beat out of him. All I could see was the agent's fists wailing on what was left of some kid's face. There was blood everywhere; It was like a goddamn video game up there! "I just want to tell you that this has actually been really interesting. I'm really glad I came."

"*We're* glad you came." One of those guys in expensive suits now standing next to another officer in front of the glass office gestured to the General.  "I just want to say again how much an honor it has been being able to show you how your technology is being applied to save lives." Grey came over with what was possibly a laptop case and gave it to the general, "Unfortunately, I'm going to have to cut this a little shorter than expected, but I'm going to leave you in the very capable hands of Mr. Grey here, he can answer any questions you may come up with. Take care of him Grey."

Grey pulled his hair out of his eyes again and smiled. "Yes sir."

The general held out his hand "Mr. Randolph, is has been a pleasure to meet you."

"The pleasure has been all mine, sir" I responded. We shook hands then he walked off toward the office. "Wow," I said to Grey "that guy really knows his stuff."

"Yeah, I don't know where we'd be without him.. this country I mean." Grey sat down at the empty terminal next to mine. Up close I could see that he was actually a bit older than I had placed him before, maybe 22 or 23. "I hope you don't mind me asking," he said looking at the blank monitor in front of him, "but did you have any idea when you came up with the dye how important it'd be."

"To be honest, not really. I made the first batch because I thought it'd be funny to be an old fashioned climate scientist for Halloween. To be honest, I never even figured for anybody wanting the stuff outside of using it for something like that. I mean who'd want to want around looking like a PC libtard?" I looked at the screen again. The ruckus had pretty much calmed down now. The agent was back inside the house. Looked like most of the darkies were either dead or in cuffs. "Think I can see it now though. Dye's pretty goddamn important." 