Colonel James Green's phone began ringing at 15:07. He would remember the time exactly, because it was written in the cold hands of the apple green clock that his wife had given him, that sat on his desk instead of a picture of her, and because it was the phone call that would change his life. All of their lives.

"Colonel Green, 4th Logistics Unit." The cover story came automatically after all these years.

"Colonel, this is General Thomas. We need you in Washington asap."

"Ah, General." How to put it delicately? "No can do at the moment. We're right in the middle of a delicate procedure-"

"No excuses, Green. This is urgent. Get your ass on a plane and get down here right now."

There was a click and then static.

Green put the phone down with a sigh. The level of ignorance that the Pentagon could show towards the delicate work done by the 4th Logistics Unit was frustrating. Still, he understood the need for secrecy. What had began as an implausible project funded by DARPA as an April Fool's joke had become the US military's most classified secret weapon.

And with good reason.

He stood up from the ornately carved chair, and smoothed his robes. As he left his office, his aide, Sergeant Ciara Jones, leapt to attention with alacrity.

"Sir, C team reports the new test is going well. They are ready to begin phase 2 immediately."

"Put it on hold," Green said.

"Sir?"

"Top brass needs me down in DC. We will pick it up again on my return."

"Sir, the ritual will have to be restarted from scratch..."

"Then so be it," Green said sternly, keen to impress the severity of the situation. "Summoning demons is a dangerous business."

It was a lesson he knew too well. His wife had never asked about the nature of his work, the savvy special forces wife that she had been, and he had never told her. Until that awful day, early in 4LU's history, when they had known so little about proper Summoning protocols (the medieval texts they worked were rarely up to 21st century health and safety standards), and Green had come home to find-

He pushed the terrible memories back into the locked room where they normally lurked. This was not the time for self pity.

"Do you want me to prepare the magic carpet?" Sgt. Jones asked.

Green shook his head. Some fresh air would be good for him. It would clear his head "I'll take a broom. Hold down the fort until I get back, sergeant."

She nodded, and saluted once more. She was a promising young witch.

Colonel James Green, Wizard of the 4th Level and holder of a US Army certification stating that he was suitably trained to perform Advanced Magicks, retrieved his broomstick from the base hanger and pushed off into the clear Nevada skies.

What in the Thirteen Dimensions could be so urgent to summon him to Washington like this?

---

*If you want to know what else is really going on at Area 51, then head over to* r/jd_rallage *(spilling classified military secrets via WritingPrompts since 2015...)*