The car was getting closer, closer, closer... *BANG*
___

"The fuck?", I asked when suddenly I was standing in a room. A blank room, kinda like all the interrogation room in cop movies, "Where the hell am I?"

"Exactly, in Hell", the voice was soft, calm like an android's. The origin of the voice was a tall, thin man, with dark red hair and pale skin. He was wearing a greenish suit. Basically, he was a modern version of the devil, "Yes, you heard right. You are in hell. You were hit by a car at exactly 10:34 pm, October 21, 2016. Died at the age of 39. Not a very long run. Let us begin."

"Begin what?", I hoped it was a prank, but I knew it was a futile hope. I did see that car coming at me, so it'd make sense I was dead, "Shouldn't I be judged for my sins first?"

"The process has been automated when humans reached the first billion. Patience of a saint is indeed admirable, but it's not infinite. We will begin your torment", he said it in such a flat voice, he could've been talking about his morning breakfast.

"My torment? What, you're gonna bring in the lava? Your appearance is already cliché enough. And this room."

"Oh, I'm not the Devil. He can't handle each case personally. I'm just an employee."

"Great, so Heaven automates God's judgement, and Hell hires employees to torment people. So what's the torment?"

"Your life", he pushed a button on some sort of tablet, and in one of the room's walls a hole opened, revealing a plasma TV screen.

"What, you want me to watch..."

"Yes, your life, as I've said. That will be the torment", he pushed something else on the tablet, and the screen came to life, "Sit down"
___

At first it was blurry, as if the camera couldn't find focus. After a while, I couldn't say how long, it started to become clearer. It was colorful. Very colorful. As if the beauty of the world was seen for the first time. And it was. By me. This was the first clear thing I've seen. I could recognize my parent's bedroom, the closet in the corner, the bed beneath the window, Mom's desk. But it was different. The closet was brand new, fresh from the store. The desk was half empty, with a lamp, a few papers, but no computer. *It's 1977*, I thought, *my birth year*. No wonder there was no computer - those weren't really available for the public back then. 

And I watched. It was long. Real time speed. I had to watch for hours 'till something interesting happened. But I couldn't feel boredom. 

Mom walked through the door when my past self was almost asleep. The sudden burst of the door woke him up, and he started crying. "Why does he do that so often", I heard a voice. *Mom's voice*. But her lips didn't move. What was that. "I hate crying. Can't he just be quiet for a few hours?". So, that was what she thought? Is this what this torment supposed to be? Hearing thoughts of people about me? Well, it certainly beats lava. 

It went on and on. First four years were spent mostly sleeping and crying. Mom was right. My past self did cry a lot. But she was really happy when I said my first words "food eat". Dad was disappointed that he missed it. When I took my first steps it was Mom's turn to miss it. All this didn't feel like a torment. More like, a rewind. And a happy one.

Then the school started. Now that was torment. Even with this weird lack of boredom, I was still frustrated by school.

First day at school. The teacher was standing in front of the blackboard. She introduced herself, welcomed everyone to the school with a smile and open arms. And through all that her other voice was saying "These idiots are even worse than the last bunch. Stupid retards are a waste of effort". Huh. Never knew she felt that way. She was always kind and smiling.

The school went through with many teachers hating the kids, the job, the world. They were extremely unhappy. A couple were content with the job, one was in love with it. The pupils were another matter. Most were friendly, my school friends were kind. But all the bullies had the same thing going through their mind "Why won't he be friends with me?". It took me aback. Were they really that unhappy? Is that why they were that way?

High school was a nightmare. Three failed relationships, all of them happy at first, and then thinking "Die, you little bastard", in the end. I really failed at that one. The teachers were better though, most of them pretty content with the job, and some were secretly wishing me luck, even though they had a frown on their face.

At the same time, my parents were divorcing. And both blamed me. I didn't know back in the land of the living. But they blamed me. And now I blamed myself, too.

The teen years were over, the first job came along. The boss was a douche, but the pay wasn't bad. Turns out, he actually liked me. In a... sexual way. Not that he ever told me anything. 

Then came the reason I was sent here, and not to swim the rivers of milk and honey. My darkest moment.

I was a stupid little idiot in my twenties. After I lost my first job, I turned to smoking and drinking. Joined in with the wrong people. And that was when they thought to get some easy cash. Of course, I came along with them. We stole $50.000 and a car that day. Injured several guys. I served 5 years for that. The judge felt sorry for me, but thought to make an example. The guys I was with however, turned out they were proud. Me? I felt guilty. For the first time in my life.

After the prison, I found a low pay job, lived my days with no goal. Until one day, I was going home from work. I was deep in thought, and didn't notice the red light. And when I turned around, there was a car. And it was getting closer, closer, closer...

___
This went on for quite a while, so thanks for reading through it. Feel free to criticize all you want, I am only starting any sort of writing. I will listen and try to improve myself. Cheers.