Daisy sat on the covered patio, gazed into the blue horizon, and closed her watery eyes. Her daughter bounced in her lap, wearing a yellow sundress. 

“Mama, Mama, the rockets!” 

Daisy kissed her forehead. “Yes dear. The rockets.”

Twelve-hundred rockets blazed like meteors, their trajectories carefully studied and planned, all with singular purpose. “*Welcome home,”* the world cried, ushering them to safety. 

Susan looked up in wonder, “What will the rocket men look like?” 

“Very much like you or I, sweetie.”

“What will they smell like?”

Daisy chuckled, ruffling her daughter’s brown hair. “Like you or I”

“What does daddy think of the rocket men?”

Daisy looked at the driveway, where the rusted pickup hummed into its oil-marked spot. “Run and ask him.”

Susan bounded from the porch, skipping down the cobblestone path into the strong arms of her father. Jeremy grabbed her shoulders and spun her into the air, pirouetting like a ballerina to the symphony of childish giggles.

“Daddy! Did you see the rockets?” 

He set her down on the pavement. “Oh—the rockets. I’ve seen them.”

“What do you think of the rocket men?”

He walked towards the front porch, locking eyes with his wife. “I don’t know sweetie. I haven’t seen them yet.”

“Welcome home dear,” Daisy said, planting a soft kiss on his cheeks. “How was work?”

They walked through the front door. “Work is… work. They can’t stop talking about it. They’re thinking of a whole plant shutdown.”

Daisy stopped. Her heart skipped a beat. “For how long?”

“Until this all blows over. A week or two, max,” Jeremy said, handing his coveralls in the coat closet. He paused, then looked back at Daisy. “We’ll be fine. Really, they’re not talking about layoffs.”

“I know, it’s just—”

He moved into the living room, sitting down on the plush olive couch. “Just what?”

“Just—I don’t know—I don’t like these rocket men. I don’t trust them,” Daisy said, sitting beside him. 

Their daughter ran into the room, filled with childish glee, then ran back outside, as if she forgot something important. What was it? Oh yes! The rockets! And the rockets slowed their descent. They pulsed their thrusters, extending their tripods. They slowed, hovered in the air, lowered themselves slowly, and landed. The world cheered in applause. What marvelous rockets! And what marvelous rocket men!

“What do you think they want?” Daisy asked, massaging her husband’s thighs.

Jeremy sighed, “Resources, probably? They said the resources were all used up on the other colonies.”

Daisy moved to her husband’s calves, working the knots. “What does that mean? What resources could the rocket men need?”

“I couldn’t say. At least they asked for permission to land.”

“Yes, how polite.”

The family gathered later for dinner. Daisy mashed the potatoes. Jeremy fried the schnitzel. Susan helped set the table. But all eyes were half-glued to the screen, where the news reporters interviewed the rocket men. And how marvelous!

They looked just like us. A little pale from their journey. They wore suits or jeans or shirts. They spoke with an accent not unlike ours and were well-mannered, asking permission to land, or to step inside a building, or to sit down, or stand up. 

Twelve-hundred rockets, each with thousands of well-mannered rocket men. 

The doorbell chimed. 

“I’ll get it!” Susan chimed back, running towards the door. 

Daisy lost the mental coin toss with Jeremy and followed. The door opened, and to her shock, a rocket man was standing outside. He was tall and pale, and wore a sharp black suit with a blood-red tie.

“Hello,” he said, “I’m one of the ones who landed today. Do you mind if I come inside?”

Daisy opened her mouth to speak, but Susan was faster. “Of course! Come on in! My daddy loves the rockets!”

“Excellent,” the rocket man said, flashing a dazzling smile. 

He stepped past the threshold, and his smile widened, revealing two, long fangs. 

And suddenly Daisy knew what resources they needed, and why they were so well-mannered. 

***
Switched up my style a bit, hope you all liked it. r/BLT_WITH_RANCH