"Seriously? I slipped in the shower on the soap and they didn't find me for three fucking days?  Oh, and officer who responded to a 'foul odor in apartment 215' ended up puking all over the place.  Great, absolutely great!"

I swiped left on the device.

"What the actual fuck?  There is no way that happened!"

On the screen, I watched as a cat rounded the corner going near light-speed.  The dog chasing it followed exactly three seconds later. Ugliest dog in the world--three legs, ear half chewed off, patches of fur missing in places--slamed into the me dumbly staring after the cat right as the number three to Newark pulled away from the stop.  

The wheels on the bus went round and round, crushing my skull and killing me instantly.

I swiped left again.  

"Oh, hey, found your missing venomous snake apartment 213!  Mental note: never sit on the toilet in the dark."

I swiped left.

"Oh cool! I'm an astronaut! It's about damned time I got a cool death!"

I watched the drama play out on the screen. Apparently, in that timeline, I was an astronaut aboard a mission to Mars.  All six people on the screen looked half-starved and in ill health.  I watched on the screen as the six of us drew straws.  Astronaut me drew the short one.

I watched in horror as that version of me grew panicked and demanded a do-over.  He pleaded with the others to not do this.

The other five astronauts moved closer to me with resigned looks on their faces.  Astronaut me screamed and cast 
about for a weapon.  "WTF is going on?" I muttered under my breath. My gaze was transfixed as I watched the other five astronauts subdue and choke the life out of astronaut me.  "DUDES, NO!" I shout at the screen. 

I swiped left right as they start to eat astronaut me's still warm corpse. 

I spent all day swiping left through the device.  

Given rabies by a cat.  
Accidentally strangled self with ceiling fan. 
Torn apart by monkeys at the drive-thru safari. 
Stabbed 67 times by my mother-in-law.  
Drove into a tunnel painted on the side of the building.

Finally, I threw the device down in disgust and looked up at the radiant being of pure light existing--not standing, not hovering, not really doing anything, just existing--nearby.  "Are you satisfied with your time here?" 

"No," I spat out.  "I am NOT satisfied.  Every single death was pointless, embarrassing, drawn-out, or extremely painful.  Most were a combination of two or more of those.  So, no, I am not satisfied."

The being stared at me.  (I think it stared--it was hard to tell with it being a radiant source of pure light and all.)
"It doesn't really matter," the being intoned as my consciousness started to fade away.  "Your time is at an end. Not everyone gets a meaningful life...or death."