My fair Elise. Cold, and brazen. Tall and austere. She stood upon a plaque bearing her title, "Lady Elise, daughter to Lord Dracula". She stood, bound in marble, holding her gaze with firm contempt. Her ivory arms spun around the body, protecting a dress that spurned the imagination. But there it was, that pallor beauty. It was an exquisite work. How had the artist captured those fine curves, her flowing hair, waist length, and that look of warmth trapped within those ether eyes. I stood there admiring her the whole day, and as the sun went down, I was content to leave. 

"Halt, mortal." There was a voice of imperious command, high and frigid.

I turned around to see that the sun had already set, and in the faint darkness, made out the figure of Lady Elise, stepping down from her platform. 

She said these words to me, scraping through the gentle air, "Look at me. Am I not sweeter than any draught you have taken? More welcoming than a summer breeze?"

I looked to decline, but something in me stopped. Her frown, still etched upon that frozen face, emanated sadness. In the light of the moon, her visage had taken on a radiant color. Black was her hair, throwing off the grey moon. Her lips shone red as flushed blood, leaving only those enchanting cheeks stone white. 

"My lady..." I whispered.

For the first time, that lifeless face bore triumph, passing by on swift wings. She walked forward, taking ten earthly steps in the space of one of her own. She replied, "Would it please you to become a lord, like my father?"

Without waiting for a reply, a slight tugging pulled at my feet. I gasped in surprise, and horror, when I saw a bony hand crawling out of the earth.

Calmly, Elise said, "Help him up."

With reluctance, I put my hand in the arms of that skeleton, and pulled upwards. The ground easily gave way, revealing a mocking grin. 

Elise said, "Tailor, find suitable raiment for our guest here. These tawdry trappings will not do."

The skeleton gave a formal bow, and bounced away. I was shocked, bewildered at this turn of events. Who was this lady who had transformed from stone, who had command over the dead? 

To answer the questions in my head, Lady Elise replied, "To join my family, you must possess knowledge of the Ancient Arts. No charlatan tomfoolery will do. You must command and exceed. Earn my father's approval, and you will find yourself a seat at the head of House Dracula. You may begin."

I could only answer, "How?"

She slapped me hard across the face. "Ignorant fool", she exclaimed. Calming herself, she asked, "Do you know how to summon the dead? Can you question and answer the spirits? Have taken arcane form?"

Again, I could only answer, "No."

Well concealed frustration flashed across her tempered face. "The beginnings", she mused. "We will start with destruction. It is easier than creation." She guided me to a nearby tree, and pointed at a leaf. "Focus on your thoughts. Where there is life, there is emotion. Find a reason for this leaf to die. Any will do. Focus on that, and let your will overpower you."

Scarcely had I heard the words, did the leaf crumble and dissolve. 

"A natural", she smiled, evidently pleased.

Then, the entire tree withered and turned to ash. She looked at me blankly, and turned away as to hide her face. 

"Come with me", she finally said. She held my hand and we walked into the shadows, reappearing at an old cemetery. She breathed in the clear air, saying, "My father's power is strong here. Even a beginner such as you might make yourself heard. Hold my hands, look into my eyes, and ask fervently to see him, Lord Dracula." She added, "And beware. If your intentions are not sincere, he will destroy your senses with fire and ice, and trap you between life and death." 

I did as she told, and my vision faded, the world grew mute, but I could still feel her chilly hands upon mine. 

"So you are the one", spoke a harsh, rattling voice, deep from the wellsprings of earth. "Long have I waited. Even longer has she. Unexpected, hopeless, tragic. Here is one born to rule."

As my vision and hearing returned, I saw a faint image of Lord Dracula imposed upon the stars. He had his daughter's hair, a sharp, heavy nose, and palest, bladed, jagged teeth. 

"It is done", Lady Elise said. "Before the night draws to and end, let us be wed." She kissed me. All was dark once more, and I felt the soft cemetery dirt transform into hard marble. I was standing upon the platform which once held Lady Elise.

She looked at me with a vicious look in her eyes. "You have the power", she said. "I saw it, and my father did too. End this world, and remake it in your image. Become lord of creation." 

I looked inside those eyes, now sad and lifeless once more. "Of course", I said. Hatred bubbling in my breast, I saw the world as she did. Something to be loathed. An unsolved crime. Here was my answer.

I wrapped my arms around her, and pressed her body next to mine. Comfortable, unyielding, and stretched my mind and imagination across the whole world. "Stop", I commanded. And everything froze at once.

Pleased with my work, but there was one more command to be given, as lord over reality. I changed the plaque to say "Lady Elise, and her bethrothed".