It is dark.

Not just dark but utterly black. If I could move my hand in front of my face I wouldn't see a shadow of it, a hint of it. No, just the blackness.

I sigh and for the nine hundred and eighty seven thousand, three hundred and twenty...third? time I wish that I could move my arms. My nose has been itching for what feels like a hundred years.

I don't know for certain because...well because it's dark. I don't know what the day and night schedule even looks like now. That's what happens where you're buried alive.

All I have is this conversation with the emptiness because there's nothing else to do. Can't play cards. Can't move my arms. The worst part is the boredom. You think it'd be a lack of oxygen or food but nope, it's the boredom.

Unless you're a mortal.

Then it'd be the oxygen, for sure.

I don't have that silly little foible, "needing air" and all that. Nope, don't even need food. That really scared those poor saps all those years ago, couldn't figure out how to deal with me so they poured me a delightful little room of concrete and buried me somewhere no one would ever find me.

Neat, right?

I try to shift my shoulders and curse the itch on the bridge of my nose and for the nine hundred and eight seven thousand, three hundred and twenty third...no wait...fourth? I don't remember. Shit!

That's the fifth time I've lost count.

Bugger it all.

I sigh, again. Then I hear it.

Something is scrabbling on my prison out there. Someone is outside my infernal confinement!

Yes! Come, come hither and free me!

I am suddenly thrown about, as much as one with a few inches of space can be thrown about, hitting my nose off the concrete and feeling the warmth of blood dripping down.

I never did like that, the bleeding bit. I can regenerate but for some reason the Great One decided I should bleed. To hide among them? Yeah, brilliant, first time you get hit by a car and just walk it off they start to ask questions. Thanks, big guy.

My prison vibrates violently under the impact of something out there and I want to wring my hands, clean the blood off, something. I must be presentable for whoever they might be.

Earth will tremble again!

The concrete cracks, revealing some light through it. It widens, widens, chunks fall off, I hear noises that I haven't heard in years. Very suddenly a crack splits my prison from between my feet and up to my scalp.

I am free! I stand and blink at the light, even though it's not much it is still far more than I am used to. I spread my arms and realizing that my nose and mouth is full of blood I say my line, the line I haven't been able to say in what can only be an eternity.

"Beholb, a palbe horbe, nabe is deb!"

"Deb? Your name be Deb?"

I try to clear my nose out and spit a massive gob of blood out onto the front of the man who has freed me, he recoils and makes a noise of disgust.

"Death! My name is d...wait, where am I?"

There isn't a wide open space before me. No fields of green like I remember, no open sky, no blazing sun. It's a small metal casing with a handful of men and women in brown and gray coveralls that are well worn, some holding weapons and others just staring at me. The space is cold metal and there are lights above, not nearly as bright as the sun I remember. It's cramped, it's rusty, it's not Earth.

Not as I remember it.

"You're on the Comos, salvage ship. How...how are you alive? How long have you been floating out there?"

"Floating? No, I was buried on Earth...I think it was 2015. Something like that."

They gape at me. The man who spoke moves his mouth like a fish.

"Earth?"

"Yes. Earth. Pale horse, Death, revelation. That whole thing. Earth. What do you mean, floating?"

"Dude." Someone else speaks. He is lanky and greasy and has long hair swept back on his scalp, fingers covered in black oil. "It's 3020. Earth...Earth is gone. You were just out there in the Black."

I fall back on my prison and move my mouth like a fish.

"Is he insane?" I hear one of them whisper. No one says no, can't blame them for that.

"Can you die?" Someone else asks me.

"No." I answer, staring at the floor and feeling a wave of unwanted emotion flooding me. "I cannot. I am Death, rider of the pale horse, and I was buried for the end times. I missed it. I basically slept through the apocalypse."

The big man who started talking laughs again.

"No mate, don't be worry about that. Folks still be killing each other, times still be ending. You don't be missing a damn thing. You be on our ship now, so you don't be ending our times, understood?"

I can accept those terms. My stomach rumbles. I don't need food but I certainly won't say no to some.

"We'll even feed you. You can be the ship's new mascot. Aptly named as she be." The big man says, he must be in charge. "Come now."

He thumps off down a hallway and I obey. Imagine! Death, obeying! I stop at a screen that shows the empty space outside the ship.

That's a lot of space.

And it's stunningly dark, except for pinpricks of stars that don't do much to break up the expanse of empty.

I've traded a few inches of darkness for an endless supply of it.

That is just fantastic.

&nbsp;

I was looking forward to food. I have distant, faint, and fond memories of food.

I prod the gelatinous lump that they have served me and wonder what it's suppose to be. It smells of cinnamon, I think, and motor oil. This is not quite the same memory that I have of food.

"It be not nearly as bad as it be looking." The big man says, sitting across from me and eating what could be a cracker but seems to have the consistency of a very old boot. He doesn't mind it. I eat some.

I immediately spit it back into the plastic spoon that I have been provided and alternate my stare between him and the goo.

"I never said it not be worse." He says with a shrug, chewing on his boot food.

"I want to go back in my box if this is what passes for food now." I say, dropping the goo back into the bowl. It is absorbed into the mound.

"I can hardly be blaming you." He says. I scrape my tongue off with the spoon and ask him a question at the same time.

"What's your name?"

"Brax Kelly, Captain. This be my ship you be spitting food on."

"I refuse to apologize for that Mister Kelly, I refuse. It is my absolute pleasure to meet a living, breathing human after all this time."

"You don't really be what you say, do you? You be some experiment of the military? Be you what you claim I should be launching you from the airlock and ridden myself of a problem."

"I am Death." I say, calmly, and prod the goop to watch the ripples. That's something it's good for, it's amusing. "And launch me if you want but I'll just float out there I suppose. Uncomfortable, but alive. Forever and ever and ever."

He gets quiet, thoughtful, pensive even.

"You be here to kill us?" He asks, quietly and nervously. I laugh.

"I should hope not. I'm not around to kill folks, I'm just Death."

That seems to satisfy his nerves, at least somewhat. He stands, his rather wide and stout frame quite impressively straining against his gray and brown coveralls. He shoves his thick arms behind the straps and pushes it out at the chest, sucking at his teeth.

Unique guy, this one.

"Well, it not be my choice what to do with you. That be an Earth Navy problem."

I stop poking at the glob.

"Earth Navy? I thought Earth was gone." I say. He laughs, his midsection moving like the glob.

"It be gone, yes."

"So how is there a navy for it?"

He looks at me like I'm slow in the head. Am I? Have I been gone that long? In that box too long? Yes. That last one is a yes.

"It be gone, Mister Death, missing. They be looking for it. You come from it. They be having questions for you. Or they be shoving you into space for a liar, might be throwing you at the sun. See if Death be surviving that."

He chuckles at the thought. I feel a cold chill.

They lost a planet. An entire planet.

How is that even possible?

"I have questions." I manage to say. He nods, thoughtfully, and retrieves a bottle of bourbon from a small compartment and two plastic cups.

"I thought you might be having some. We be having enough time for a chat."

I drain the first glass and find out that it is a very fine burn. He refills the cup.

"So," I ask, "how did you lose a planet?"

And he begins to tell me.

[Continue?](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/9btd0l/wp_you_are_an_immortal_who_was_caught_and_encased/e567qse/)