"Where am I?"

Did Susanne really just hear what she thought she'd heard? No, it must be yet another example of her ever-optimistic wishful thinking. Nevertheless, she figured she should set the chart down and walk in to room 718. She stopped dead in her tracks, from the door she could see Mike's face. His eyes were not quite open, but more open than they'd ever been.

"Where am I?" he asked to anyone could hear him. He didn't yet see Susanne as after 70 years, the best his eyes could see are dark and light, not quite making out any shapes beyond a simple blob.

Susanne was still dumbstruck. In her thirty years as a nurse, this was the one patient she wanted to see recover more than any other. It was also the one patient that she'd thought would never recover. No, not "never." She battled so much to keep those thoughts at bay. She knew the chances were slim, but she fought every day to keep the hope alive for him. After all, Mike was essentially an orphan. Susanne didn't know all the details, she knew she'd been at St. Francis for 30 years and that Mike had preceded her there by 40 years. She'd met his parents shortly after she started but they'd passed away several years ago.  Eighteen-and-a-half to be precise. She knew the dates, and times. She knew everything that happened to Mike and his family because she hoped against hope to be able to share it with him when he woke up.

"Where am I?" she heard one more time. This time much fainter than before. It was enough to snap her awake and realize she'd been standing in the doorframe staring into the room.

"Mike, you're at St. Francis hospital, I'm your nurse Susanne."

"Where's my mom?"

"She's not here right now." She wasn't thrilled with that answer, but it's what she'd settled on telling Mike. The fact that it was technically the truth helped her reconcile not telling Mike that his mom had died. At least not yet.

"What about dad?"

"He's not either."

"I'm here by myself?"

"No. Not at all. I've been here waiting for you to wake up. I was just out in the hall when I heard you. Now that you're awake I need to go get a doctor. Is that all right?"

Mike answered that it was, but in answering his voice quivered. He wasn't sure it was all right that Susanne left. Susanne realized he wasn't quite ready to let her go. So instead of leaving the room, she pulled a chair up beside the bed and put his hand in hers.  She told him that a doctor would surely be by in a minute.

He didn't really care if a doctor came by or not. He was just glad there was someone there. Everything was still so dark.  He could see a blob near his bed, but that was about it. He didn't know what else to say, so he sat there quietly.

Susanne was worried that if he went to sleep he might slip back into a coma, and she wasn't ready for that. So she decided to look out his window and tell him about all the things that were going on. But she had to be careful to not mention anything that would shock him. She couldn't tell him about the woman sitting on the bench across the grassy patch staring at her phone. That's not something that would make sense to Mike.  She didn't know where he was at mentally, but she knew it that a lot had changed over the past 70 years.

As she talked about the little boy that was playing frisbee with a Border Collie in the park, Mike smiled. It was faint, barely the corners of his mouth moved, but it was a smile. So she asked him if he had a dog.

"Yeah. Her name is Patches."

"Oh? What color is she?"

"She's brown and black and white. She's a big dog too. She comes up past my knees."

"What does Patches like to do?"

"Normal dog stuff. She has a dog house she sleeps in. She likes to chase cats in the neighborhood."

Susanne was glad that Mike had enough energy to answer. Even though his speech was slow, she realized that if he was talking, he was still there and could possibly even see some small improvements by the time the doctor showed up.

"Do you ever take him on walks?"

"Yeah, I took him on one this morning."

That one little sentence weighed on Susanne. Despite all her training. Despite all the mental preparations she'd made for this moment, in the midst of this conversation, she'd allowed herself to forget that Mike had no idea what happened to him, or how long he'd been asleep. She'd lived this day  out in her head for the past 30 years. She used to imagine it much more frequently when she first started. With each passing year she imagined it less and less. But for Mike, this was the same day that he'd shown up at the hospital.  All he knew was earlier that day he'd been walking his dog. Then later he woke up at the hospital. It was weird that his mom and dad weren't there, but he knew they'd be back soon.

Susanne realized she'd gotten lost in her own thoughts and hadn't heard Mike talking for the past couple minutes. She was just about to start the conversation back up when Dr. Lambert came in to the room for his afternoon rounds. Since Mike wasn't talking, Dr. Lambert was a little surprised to see Susanne sitting by Mike's bedside. But then again, he knew that of all the nurses, she was the one who most wanted to see Mike wake up. 

As he approached the bed to examine the chart Susanne said "Wouldn't you know it, Mike, Dr. Lambert has been doing his rounds the entire 23 minutes that we've been talking, and now he's here to examine you."

The doctor cocked his head as he looked at Susanne. She motioned with her head towards Mike. Dr. Lambert looked at Mike and then back to Susanne. The look on his face screamed "I don't get it." So Susanne said, "Mike, aren't you glad you woke up just in time to see Dr. Lambert today?"

Mike didn't answer.

Dr. Lambert stared at her as if she'd lost her mind.

"Mike?....Mike? Why don't you tell the doctor about Patches. Dr. Lambert loves dogs."

Mike still didn't answer.

Dr. Lambert walked over and pushed a button on the EEG. As soon as he did, Susanne could hear the soft sound of the EEG printing out a report. 

Tearing the report from the printer, the doctor stood and stared at the long strip of paper. He marked something with his pen and he turned to Susanne and asked "How long ago did he wake up?"

She pulled out her notepad and said "At 3:17, I first heard him say 'Where am I?' Since then I've been sitting here. I know I was supposed to come get you right away, but Mike was so lonely. I decided it would be best to just sit here and comfort him." She wanted to remind Dr. Lambert that Mike was mentally still an 8 year old little boy, but she couldn't bring herself to say it, because she didn't want Mike to get suspicious. Of course he's a little boy, what else would he be?

"I see. And you've sat with him here, the entire time?"

"Yes. Why? Is something wrong?"

Dr. Lambert handed the EEG report to Susanne. She saw his mark at 3:17pm. But it was not what she was expecting.

Shocked, she blurted out "This can't be right!"

"I don't know what to tell you Susanne. The last time the EEG registered any brain activity was right before you said he woke up."

"I heard him," she protested.

"That's not really possible. Susanne, Mike died at 3:17."

"No! No, we were talking. He told me about his dog. He told me about Patches. He talked about her chasing cats. Doctor, you must be wrong!"

He walked over to a few of the other various machines. Every time he ran a report, he'd circle a time and hand it to Susanne. Report after report verified what the doctor said. There was no sign of life in any way, shape, or form after 3:17. Each report dug a little deeper in to Susanne. She didn't know how, but she had heard Mike talk. 

Dr. Lambert slowly pulled a sheet over Mikes face, and pushed the call button by his bedside. As a nurse came in, he walked over and had a quiet conversation. He told the nurse to call the morgue, and then informed her that Susanne was delusional and needed help STAT.