The voice in his head was creaky, like old bones on a cold morning - he didn't entertain the fact that it was exactly that. All he knew is that the voice was an absolute dick.

"Steal that apple." It creaked as they walk past a market stall.
"Kick that bird." As they send a flock of pigeons into the sky.
"Burn those books." As they pass a library. 

He was actually tempted by that last one. The library was owned by an old friend who was no longer a friend - some morally dubious acts had been the last straw in a friendship full of nefarious deeds and ethically challenged ideals. But he resisted, if for nothing more than he couldn't bear the idea of burning books, no matter how satisfying it would be.

The voice creaked once more. "Kill that man."
"No!" he objected strenously. "He's a good man, and anyway, murder is bad."
"Kill that man."
"No."
His protests didn't seem to help. He found his body moving towards the apparent victim without his permission.
"Of course it's without your permission. I don't need that to do anything." the voice creaked.
"What?"
"I can move just as much as your brain can, it's not all about that squishy little organ you know."
"Who...who are you?"
"Your skeleton." the voice is almost gleeful.
The man takes a moment to digest the information, before groaning a little. "I messed up that conjuring the other day didn't I?"
"Nope." the skeleton replied, a tad too quickly, all the while trying to move the body fowards. They had created quite the audience, a man stood almost stock still in the square, twitching every now and then,
The man sighs. "Pellere!" he thinks, as hard as he can, and the skeleton screams, sounding more like a wooden door in a storm than a human.
"Pellere!" the man says, even more forcefully, and this time the skeleton's control breaks a little, and the man stumbles back a few steps.
"Pellere!" One last time is enough to break the spell entirely, and the man is alone. The crowd quickly disperses when he stalks off, and there's mutterings he's a mad man for the next week. Nothing unusual there then.
