“Jimmy, Jimmy, Jimmy. You fucked me, Jimmy. You fucked me real good.”

The devil tsked and chastised me while picking his teeth with a toothpick. I was sitting in my home study; he was leaning on the large globe I had by the window. 

“Now, Mr. Lucifer, sir, we’ve still got a contract and I haven’t broken it at all. In fact, other than my dealings with you, I still exist as a neutral player in the grand scheme of morality and life and all. Sir.”

“Stop with the ‘sir this’, ‘sir that’. It’s demeaning to me.”

“Of course Mr. Lucifer.”

“Jimmy. You’ve fucked me and you’ve fucked me good and hard. I think we can be on a first name basis.”

“Satan?”

He stopped leaning on the globe and walked over toward me, shifting into his female form, the toothpick now a cigarette in a holder. The new form was one I’d seen before.

“Call me Sadie tonight. Sexy Sadie.”

“Yikes.”

“Hey, I’m allowed to be theatrical and a bit eccentric. I’m the devil.” Sadie winked at me, pressing her eyelids gently together as the left side of her mouth twitched up in a smirk. Her spattering of freckles that played across her nose and the tops of her cheeks complimented her smirk well.
So did her light green eyes and her dimples. 

“Sadie, hear me out for a moment,” I started to explain myself and waited to be interrupted. She said nothing. I cleared my throat and pulled out a folder of figures and charts and references.

“Hear me out,” I started again. “I’ve discovered the trick of immortality. That’s all it really is: a trick. I’ve discovered it and so I can never die. Which does not break our agreement. However, in understanding that I have deprived you of my soul, I’m inclined to make a new deal with you, on top of the old deal.”

Sadie looked at me with her doe eyes and let the cigarette dangle from her lower lip, lightly, sexy. I wondered which circle of hell was reserved for people who wanted to know the devil biblically.
I opened the folder and distracted myself with the pages. 

“If we consider my contributions to society thus far, it would be fair to say that they are minimal. Making me a neutral player in the “Greater Good” campaign.”

Sadie was keeping her large eyes on me. I could see her look me up and down and I knew the play here: the devil was going to try the old seduction-negotiation.
I was very glad she’d arrived after my wisdom fap. 

“Here’s the thing, though: I have immortality, which is arguably the best thing for the greater good. However. . .” I let it drag on for effect before saying: “I plan to actively withhold it from the world, thereby becoming a player for the negative side of the Greater Good campaign.”

Sadie stopped staring at my lips and the cigarette and holder disappeared. She was interested in my deal, but I could tell I’d need to sweeten it.

“That’s nice and all, Jimmy, but that’s not exactly enough to make up for your soul. You’ve cheated the devil, played dirty against the dirtiest player there is. There’s a hefty price on that soul of yours and I’d like to cash it in.”

“Mr— uh, Sadie, sorry,” I scratched my head and started again. “Sadie, I’ve got a whole business plan and a willingness to partner up with you. I’ll live forever, so you’ll have a partner forever.”

I handed her the folder and she skimmed through, slowing as she gradually understood my intentions. 

“You’ve discovered immortality and you plan to market it? With no intention of giving it to anyone but yourself? Creating a caste business model where employees are motivated to move up the ladder, cutting throats, stabbing backs, all in the hopes of becoming an employee with a level high enough to be granted immortality?”

“Yeah, that’s the gist of it. I basically ripped off loads of spiritual books.”

She bit her lower lip. 

“Jimmy, I think I’ve fallen in love. Let’s do it.” 

She put out her hand and I shook it, wondering if the phrase had been a double entendre. 

“Any chance you meant anything by your choice of phrase?”

She laughed lightly and walked back to the globe, spinning it as she turned to face me. 

“I think fucking me once was enough, Jimmy.”

And with that, she was gone. 