"Have you scheduled the date for YOUR funeral party yet?" a customer asked, with what appeared to be genuine interest. She looked as if she was going on 200 - a similar age to one of my great-great grandchildren - and was here booking her own funeral party.

I let out a vague "mmhmm" before proceeding to ask about the music and entertainment she wanted at her chosen venue. She'd gone for a typical set-up at a local beach with a live pianist and a floating casket that would be pushed out into the ocean. After she'd enjoyed the party of course.

Working this job always reminded me of the stories my grandparents used to tell about their experience of funerals before you could time your own death. They were described as bleak, sorrowful affairs full of a sense of injustice. A loved one torn away from life without the dignity of a choice or even the knowledge of when it would happen.

Nowadays funeral parties were a stark contrast to the days of the past - joyful celebrations of an enriched life. Lives that had chosen to pursue death in the end rather than the alternative. The control had been won back.

Or was it that simple?

Working this job for the century and a half that I had, lead me to notice small things about the people who came here. Seemingly small, inconsequential things but the longer I worked here the more uncomfortable it became. There was an air of heaviness around the customers, a tired look, a wearisome look, masked by wide smiles, but strained smiles all the same. Often the older customers were accompanied by younger relatives, who were ever so 'helpfully' here to hurry along the arrangements. You couldn't live too long you see. No one would ever explicitly say it - but you couldn't. Perhaps the control we thought we had won back wasn't quite that simple.

Even now as I took the pre-payment for this customers own funeral party, I could see she was waiting for a proper reply. One of her eyebrows was subtly raised and there was a tone of disapproval in her voice. 
"Well?"

I handed her receipt and smiled. I'd planned it decades ago. 

A random date generator and the help of my now-deceased best friend had picked a surprise funeral party for me. I had no idea when it was going to be or what would happen but that was exactly what I had wanted. My freedom came from not having the control - I'd seen the burden that came with it.

"Haven't got a clue, ma'am." 

I raised my hand in farewell and pointed her towards the door. 