You know, it is hard to feel guilty for the guy. And I am ashamed to admit that my lack of guilt is for all the wrong reasons. I should not feel guilty because he is a crazed killer who enjoys torturing people in his van. But I simply do not feel guilty about it because he is fat and smells like sweat, and the stench makes the uncomfortable ride in the back of his rusty old van even worse. 

I guess serial-killers come in two forms, those with low impulse control and those with obsessive behaviors. It was just my luck that I would catch the former. Or rather, that I was caught by the former.

Then again, who am I to judge? I couldn't even blame my misdeeds on psychiatric disorders. No, I was only selfish. So that is a real philosophical puzzle right there. Who is worst? The guy with the mental condition which makes his free will basically a glorified pinball machine, or the guy who is simply to cowardly to do the right thing? Or do I even have free will? Perhaps our brains are just wired to react in some predictive pattern. 

Then again, my surroundings does not leave much room for quasi-philosophical musings. It really reeks back in here. Not only the sweat, but he doesn't seem to do much cleaning up either. This van is a crime tech's wet dream and a neat person's worst nightmare. It really said something about his hygiene that the stench of his sweat could overpower the putrid rotten smell that also permeated the cabin.

I can see his eyes in the mirror. He looks, well, there is no other word for it, aroused. I make some muffled sounds through the blindfold. He does not flinch. I guess he has been here before. Also, the zip-ties really hurt. Truth be told I didn't really try to speak. I'm just telling myself that it could have been a warning. The things we do to justify our actions and inaction.

We have been driving for a while. I had no idea where we are in relation to the parking garage where he snagged me. Then again, I probably shouldn't be near parking garages. Perhaps I got what I deserved. We are on some sort of highway at least. I can tell by the sounds of traffic and how the traffic lights rhythmically casts glowing yellow light through the night and into the dark cabin of his van. It seems as though we are slowing down now however. I roll uncomfortably on the floor of the van as he takes an off-ramp a bit too fast. I guess the arousal is real. He is in a hurry now.

He drives for maybe 10 more minutes. He seems to know exactly where he is going. I guess he has been here before. The van finally comes to a stop and I can hear him opening the door and closing it. His steps makes sounds on gravel outside. Then the door in the back cabin slides open. He has a flashlight and it hurts as he points it at my face. I can't see anything. It doesn't really matter.

He grabs my legs and starts dragging me out of the van. I guess I am lucky he does not just start with the stabbing right away. Though some part of my brain tells me that would have been a good thing. I hit the gravel ground hard. He doesn't even try to break my fall. Asshole. I can see him partially now as the flashlight is still pointed inside the van. His fat bulk can't hide the erection. 

"Up" he says with a hoarse voice.

I scramble to my feet. The flashlight is back in my eyes. It should start any minute now.

"I'm going to have fun" he says. He doesn't say it in insidious way like in the movies. He says it in a stupid way. Great. Blindsided by an idiot. Way to go Robert.

"I'm going to..."

His words stop. It has started. The gurgling is always the worst part.

He starts to gurgle. The flashlight clanks to the ground. It lands on a rock and spins around, partially lighting him up. His hands are at his throat. That's what lack of air does to you. His eyes aren't aroused anymore, they are panicked. He drops to his knees. This is where it gets bad.

Blood starts seeping from his eyes. The last air in his lungs is used for screaming as he pisses himself. I don't know how it feels, but I know it is painful. The blood mixes with actual tears. If they are tears of pain or panic I do not know. I don't really want to know either. His convulsions lasts for a while. He doesn't have the air to scream, so he can only live with the pain now. White foam exists his mouth and hits the ground.

Then the silence fills the night. I painfully scramble to my feet and look down on his corpse. He has to have a knife somewhere, the inside of his van told of a guy who liked his sharp instruments. I need to cut these zip-ties off. 

And then I need to get away from here. They will find this and they will know I was here. The man-hunt for patient zero is the largest in human history. I don't want to die.

