I was browsing reddit in my pizza-induced food coma when I fat fingered the "random subreddit" button. "I need a bigger phone," I muttered, as I glanced through the threads. 

"That meatball pizza looks good. I wish I could eat four slices," read the most recent post. It had over 2000 upvotes and a picture of pizza. Weird. I'd just finished four slices of meatball pizza. I tapped on the image and zoomed in. It was a shoddy phone pic snapped through a blurry window. My blurry window. Of my house. Peeping on my pizza. What. The. Fuck. 

I spun around, just in time to see a silhouette retreating from my windowsill. "Who are you? Show yourself!" 

I ran outside but there was nobody there. Grumbling to myself, I decided to browse a little more. There were the eggs I had for breakfast. A satellite photo of my car in traffic. "On October 23rd, 2017, u/tensing99 spent thirteen minutes in the bathroom. Possible constipation? Discuss." No. Don't discuss. I felt sick. The post about the pizza had about a dozen comments on it. I skimmed the most recent. 

"Almost met him but I got too nervous! Oh my god he saw me! This is the best day ever!!!! <3 <3" 

"I think he's found the subreddit. Can we get a mod in here?" 

When I tried to refresh, it told me I'd been banned from the subreddit. Big deal. I logged into my alt account. Banned too. What the hell? I made a new account and found a new announcement. "Notice- Rule Change." 

"Due to u/tensing99's awareness of our presence, we have elected to lift rule number 1. Please enjoy the rest of your day." The subreddit was formatted strangely. I scrolled past my baby pictures, a shot of my dog, and the pink plastic flamingo in my backyard before finally finding the rules section. 

"Rule 1: The most important rule of all. Refrain from contacting u/tensing99 no matter what." My phone suddenly started buzzing out of control before crashing. It was an old Samsung, and crashed all the time. But I had a bad feeling as I waited for it to reboot. 

527 new messages. 323 emails. 97 facebook requests. All saying the same thing. "I love you." 

[A less creepy subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/Tensingstories/)