Death thumbed through his agenda, humming the latest song by Inertia Heaven, the latest boy band to explode onto the scene in England. It was a pretty short list that evening and almost every single person that met him had either lost their coin toss or bypassed it altogether. People were living longer than ever on Earth, and it seemed those extra long years was changing the way people approached the pact.

Except for one. *That* one.

"For fuck's sake...." Death's words were low as he saw that familiar name.

Henry.

Fucking Henry.

No sooner did he put his agenda down did the double doors fly open, having been kicked open by an elderly gentleman wearing a black tank top and board shorts.

"Death! I've missed you man! It's been, what, eighty years this time?"

"82 years, six months, four days...Henry. Get over here and let's get this shit done."

Henry laughed as he waltzed over to Death's desk, glancing around the huge office that overlooked the heavens.

"I like what you've done in here, Death! I remember last time it was pretty damn dreary in here."

Death rolled his eyes. Henry was his nemesis. This smug fuck came to him in the 16th Century and had been beating the coin toss ever since. 

At first, it wasn't bad. He kept getting sent back and becoming famous for different reasons. He was doing good in the world! He went back once as an explorer and made many voyages across the Earth. He was also a big part of the United States forming as a representative. He was a big reason why cars became the rage in the 19th and 20th century! 

Of course, he always went back as *Henry.* His ego couldn't drop that. Fucking *Henry* had to be stamped all over history.

Then he got tired of making history. He started doing the darker side of human history like be in a crime family in New York or rob people in Coventry, England.

Now? The asshole uses his prior knowledge to his advantage, gets as rich as he can early on in his life, and lives without rules. This had been going on for over a thousand years and Death was tired of it.

"Yeah, well, when you have a job for eternity, sometimes you need new decorations. I'd put your head over my mantle at this point and nothing would make me happier."

"Come on, Death, now that's just cold. It's not my fault you can't flip a coin once the right way."

Death's eyes narrowed. He wanted nothing more than to take his soul.

"You calling heads again, Henry?"

"You know how much I love heads! Get it? HEADS?"

"For fuck's sake, Henry. You've made that joke every time we've done this since the 16th Century. Let's just do this."

Henry finished laughing before nodding to Death. He flipped the coin in the air.

"HEADS!"

The coin landed on the ground.

*Heads. Because of course it was Heads.*

"Alright, Death! What's that new boy band going on down in England? Yeah, the one that needs a new singer?"

*Fucking hell.* That was all Death could say to himself.

"Inertia Heaven?"

"YEAH! That one. I think you can put me at their age and I'll find my way into that group. Cheers, Death! Don't lose your head over this!"

Death rolled his eyes harder than ever and tapped Henry on the head. He disappeared in a flash and Death walked back around to his chair in his desk. He continued to hum the song from before, praying that ol' Henry didn't pull it off. He loved boy band music, for whatever reason, as he picked up a magazine from London. He thumbed through it, glancing at a picture of his favorite band and suddenly laughing as he realized the lead singer's girlfriend was named Anne.

*That* Anne. 

"If only Henry knew...he'd lose his head over it."