The morning had finally come. For months, I had counted down the days wondering what would be waiting for me in the living room, just 13 stairs and 53 steps (42 when I run) away. While many Christmases had come and gone, this one was going to be different: this time we had a chimney and all my friends talked incessantly about the amazing things they received in years past. Remote controlled cars, video games, bicycles... really amazing gifts I couldn't even imagine receiving. 

In year's past my gifts from Santa were much more reserved, much more limited. I received nice but practical gifts. New shoes. A backpack. Markers. All nice to have, but things that, upon reflection, would have been necessary eventually anyways. Not things like RC cars or Playstations.

This year was going to be different. This year we had real money! I didn't really know that we didn't before - I knew my parents sometimes fought about spending, but we always ate well and were never homeless. We had a house, not an apartment like most of our friends. But a few months ago, my parents literally, and unexpectedly, won the lottery. We moved to a new neighborhood and they bought a ton of nice stuff. We got a new TV, a new couch, and even have art!

So, I knew that this Christmas was going to be different.... 

Personally, I don't really still believe in Santa and humored my parents and little sister in saying I did - but I was truly excited for Christmas morning. I wanted to see what presents I would get this year. What gifts would I receive? Was that selfish? Maybe. But I was a kid. 

Around 4:30 am, I was already too excited to wait. I knew my parents were not awake yet and we had agreed not to go downstairs until 6, but I couldn't wait. 

Very slowly, I crept from my room - MY room, not a shared room - to the stairs. Carefully, I sat down on the top step and then moved - one foot, then the other, then slid my butt forward before each hand followed. Carefully so as to avoid any creaking on the hardwood stairs. Thirteen steps in total. 

With four to go, I saw him. There was a man in our living room. A man that was not my father. 

He had a dark completion and a long beard, was stooped by our tree. His shadow was long across the room, lit by the many strings of white Christmas lights we had put on a real live tree - something we did not do in our old house. 

He had rifled through many presents already, some boxes already opened and still in front of him. This person had his own box - about the size of a laundry basket, and inside I thought I see a few distinct things - an iPad? an XBox One? Diamonds? Behind him were the gifts that excited me most - the Legos, a drone you could control with your phone. I didn't understand: why was he in our living room? 

Just at that moment, my little sister awoke and called loudly for my Mom. He looked up, startled and then our eyes connected and he quickly hissed: "It's my birthday, not yours!" and ran. He ran from our living room, through our dining room, and out the open sliding glass door. Had we forgotten to lock it? I don't know... 

My sister's call had awoken my parents and they quickly came to greet her and said: "lets go see what Santa got you for Christmas!!" They called for me to join, not knowing I was already on the stairs when I said "Mom, Dad! Come here - I think someone just stole our presents!"

And so, they came and with less caution than I had just minutes before, running down the stairs to our living room. With boxes open and the breeze coming in from the open sliding glass door, my father said rapidly: "Mary, call the police!". 

After ensuring that myself and my sister were fine, we sat down and looked around. While many things remained, we noticed that the man had taken not just our presents but our new laptop as well. 

It seemed like hours of waiting as my parents would not let us touch the presents that remained but finally the police arrived. They looked around and asked us about our experiences and what we saw. As I was the only person who saw the person in our living room, they asked me a ton of questions. What did he look like, what did he say, how tall was he.. I tried to be as honest as I could. 

Finally the detective said thanks and left, that he would let us know if they found the man. After they left we were finally able to open our remaining presents. As expected, I did receive gifts like I never had before. Legos and a bike and even a hoverboard, but concern about our safety and our home remained. We had never been robbed in our old neighborhood.

A few hours later, while we were eating some breakfast, my Mom received a call from the police. They had caught someone matching my description with our belongings in his possession. My parents were so relieved. 

It was only years later that I learned the details of the person that was in our house that day. His name was Jesús López-Diaz and he was born on December 25, 1940. It was, indeed, his birthday....