Every twenty or so years I see you again. 
Every twenty or so years, I fall in love with you, only to kill you. 


I wish I could say I'm sorry but I can't. 


I will never forget Katherine (The First)- with her pale, limp hair and her dark eyes: as dark as the night sky sprawled before us, endless as far as we could see, on our third date. I saw constellations but I could only think of how the freckles on her face lined up, and at that moment I knew she had to be The One. 


I knew it was you. 


And so that night in those fields beneath the crescent moon and all the stars we pledged our love to I killed you there and then. 


I thought that would have been the end of it. I mourned you, of course- how I mourned! And how my heart ached at your absence- but whenever I kissed you, the idea of death clawed at the back of my throat, my windpipes filling up with spiders at the mere though of nothingness. Killing you was horrible, traumatic, but yet again freeing, to know that death will never have me in its grasp. 


That was, until I saw you again, across the street, feather brown hair and dark eyes, always the dark eyes, and when my heart clenched tightly like a fist I knew it was you. You were different, always with different hair and eyes and shoulders and lips, but you were always You. And the spiders would return when you kissed me for the first time. 


And from then meeting you was never the same place, and you would never die in the same way. Only sometimes. I met Elaine (The 8th) in Paris, and I watched her fall to her death from our window sill. I met Nora (The 12th) and her wild blue hair at the grocery store one town across, and she took her last breath in the ocean we moved next to.


Over the years, I have learnt many things about you. First, that every single version of you were in love with the cosmos, be it astronomy or astrology. Emma (The 11th) had tattoos of stars all over her body. Isabelle (The 5th) confessed that she had always wanted to explore space and see the planets for herself. You were drawn to it, like a moth to a fire.


Second was your trademark eyes: dark, curious, an endless and starless night. I had never needed this to recognise you, however: I have learnt with time that recognising you did not require any effort on my part. You would always return to me, as I did to you.


You (The 13th) of course too had those dark eyes, but your hair was almost white, and it hung above your shoulders limply, and so of course I had to bring you to that same field where I stargazed for the first time. 


And you belonged to that field, in everyway, the way the moonlight lit up your hair and your white sun dress. And the world screamed this at me, that from the way your small hands were warm in mine to the way the wind tousled your hair gently: it was a sign, that this was right. The way the universe had meant it to be. And of course, like every other You that came before, you knew all along, didn't you? What was to come. Your lips briefly brushed my ear as you said, "Make it quick." Even with a blade pressed against your neck, you were gentle. Always gentle.


And then you would smile. Every single time you have known your fate all along, known me and my fear and the spiders I carry in my windpipes. And with the same cowardly heart, every single time I deliver this fate.


Every twenty or so years, as you would breathe your last, I would always promise that this was the last time. That I'd eventually accept my mortality and be with you. So this time, just like the thirteen Yous before you, you are no different. 


I wish I could say I'm sorry but I can't.

