Hank was sitting in a dingy cafe sipping the last of his coffee. He drained the rest of the brew, then began to idly inspect the various levels of rings that previous generations of coffee aficionados had left behind. He was wondering if he could count the rings and find the age of the cup when his pocket buzzed. He sighed, and pulled his cellphone out of his pocket. A message in all caps awaited him. "GET OVER HERE NOW, GOD IS PULLING SOME SHIT". Shaking his head, Hank pulled a few dollars and change out of his pocket, and left it on the counter. He left a nice tip, because he wasn't a dick, and besides, he enjoyed the jingle of coins on tables. He walked out of the door and appeared halfway across the world.

Hank appeared in a small village, obviously in the middle of some sort of celebration. Quickly, a man in a red leather trenchcoat walked up to him. He didn't look pleased. "Hey Hank," he said as he approached. "What took you so long?" Hank rolled his eyes, then responded, "Fill me in on what's going on." "Isn't it obvious?" said the man in red. He swept his hand across the revelers. "God stopped by here to get some local cuisine, and he 'accidentally' left some sign of his. Man, I get so tired of his bullshit. No matter how many times we go over the rules, he still tries to insert these little miracles here and there when he thinks I'm not watching. Fucking cheater." The man in red cleared his throat and spit onto the ground.

Hank looked around. It DID look like a miracle had occurred here... all the signs matched up. "Alright Lou, I'll sort it out... just calm down." He took his cell phone out of his pocket, and before he could even dial, it began to ring. The man in red laughed, "Like that's gonna save him. Too late." Hank answered the phone, and proceeded to listen to the man on the other end of the phone. "Yeah, yeah, I get it, but... look, I don't care if they make the best dish in the world here, you just can't... ok ok... right, that's fine. Sounds good." Hank shoved the phone back in his pocket.

"Well?" said the man in the red. Hank turned to him and said, "He said that in exchange, he promises he'll be hands off next time you get one of your minions elected." He studied the man in red, regarding him inquisitively. "Is this acceptable? Or would you like to go to arbitration?"

The man in red grunted, and shrugged. "Bah, I have enough paperwork to deal with. I accept the terms... this time." He shook hands with Hank, then added, "Thanks for the quick response Hank. You want me to get you anything? A drink maybe?" He smiled slyly.

Hank determinedly declined the offer. "Thanks but no thanks Lou. Maybe next time." And with that, Hank disappeared.