^^I'm ^^sorry.

*****

I woke up. 7,212. That number appears every time something good happens, but only ever once or twice. Today must be an amazing day to want to do it again. Like, really special.

It was quiet. Every morning is quiet. I'm up before everyone, and I'm always more alert then everyone after I wake up. He gets up, walks over to me in the lounge and smiles. Tears ran down his face, but he still smiled. I smiled back like I always do.

I hear the kettle pour as he makes his morning cup of coffee. The spoon tinkers against the cup, as he pours the milk in. He's a changed man the moment that cup is finished. It takes him nearly 10 minutes each time.

The aroma of the coffee fills the house. It smells energetic. It livens me up as well as I get off the couch. By the time I've stretched and walked around a bit, he's changed and ready to go. Today was such a special day that he was smiling so much. His smile was so reassuring. He wiped his eye again, coughed and smiled an even cheesier, and bigger smile. I smiled back as I always did.

"Alright", he says. "Let's go meet up with everyone!"

I smile, and walk out the door with him. He unlocks the car and gets the back door for me. Due to an accident last Summer, I need some help getting in and out of the car. Not much, sort of like that little reasurring lift incase anything bad happens.

No matter how many times we drive around, I always lose track of where we are. I'll never remember the spot we're in at that moment unless I can picture a previous time I've been there. I need memories to be able to pin a location. It's really bad of me, but I can't help it, I'm not the sharpest tool in the shed.

We arrive to the park. I know the park because we would come here for picnics all the time, like today. After being helped out of the car, I hobble over to where everyone was sitting. It was great. There was a huge plate of just hamburgers, fries, and all sorts of junk food. It was amazing. Everyone was smiling, they all greeted me, and everyone was just having so much fun. It lasted hours.

It was about 3pm, and that's when he said that it was time to go. I ate so much that I nearly passed out. Everyone was laughing at me because of how much of a food coma I was in, but they were all the same too. We ate until our stomachs couldn't hold out no more. Everyone gave me a hug and gave me their best wishes. They all smiled, and I smiled back.

This time, she came along too. She was always with him. She made him as happy as I did, and that was okay, because she was nice, and she had no issues with me. She learnt of my accident and cried even more then he did. After that was cleared up, they both worked together to help me. I love her almost more then him. Almost.

She began to cry a little when we arrived at the new place. I know this place. Not a lot of good memories are from this place. Poking, proding, people with their hands in places that I don't like to be touched. It was a nightmare, especially last summer. They both smiled as they helped me out again. She kept wiping her eyes and her nose. He still smiled.

I was on a bed. I had a drip in me with fluids, and another caphiter. I was smiling, and they were too. They looked happy. He held her, she held him.

Everything began to go blurry. I was really tired. "It's okay girl, everythings alright" he said as he pat my head. Tears wouldn't stop. He smiled, but he couldn't fight the tears. He looked so happy, but sad at the same time. I slowly wagged my tail, but I was just too tired to do it anymore.

Today was the best day ever.