"We tend to do these things a certain way, you see." 

She didn't respond. I can't say I was surprised by her recalcitrance, and I didn't hold it against her. Most people are speechless when they meet me. I settled back into the chair, careful not to disturb the thin layer of dust upon it, and thought through my next words carefully. 

"I'm not holding it against you, of course. It's certainly not your fault. If anybody's made a mistake here, it wasn't you. Don't worry about that."

She said nothing. Her eyes searched for mine and, seeing nothing, settled once again on the ceiling fan making its lazy revolutions. A fly kept trying to land on its moving blades, and kept being rebuffed. It did not learn from its mistakes. Living things seldom do.

"Do you have any last requests?"

Her mouth bobbed open noiselessly. I waited expectantly, but aside from a few scratchy gasps, nothing was forthcoming. 

"Some people enjoy reliving a particular moment. Care to revisit any time in particular?" Her hand twitched on the bedspread, and I noticed the golden band hanging loose on her withered finger. "A wedding, perhaps? Or a first love?"

Still . . . nothing. Her tongue smacked against the roof of her mouth a few times, and I leaned closer to catch any words she might have whispered, but there was nothing intelligible in any language, living or dead. The monitor kept beeping in a steady rhythm, keeping time with her stubborn heart, toneless and monotonous and miserably in keeping with the rest of the room. 

"Once a man asked me for a song he half-recalled from his childhood. I assure you, you haven't heard it. But if music would bring you peace, I would be happy to provide whatever you would care to hear."

Her obstinacy was beginning to wear on me. I stood suddenly and began to pace around the room.

"Sunlight on a flower at dawn, perhaps? The way the birds sang you awake? How your infant child's hand felt wrapped around your thumb? Let me help you!"

I had never faced such stubbornness. It might have been only the stirring in the air caused by the slow-moving fan, but I could half swear her white curls bobbled as she shook her head no. 

I grew irate.

"Everybody carries off a memory when they fade. Everybody has a bit of luggage when I come for them. Something that only they remember. Something that is lost forever when they go. I provide that. I give them that pure and complete memory to carry on their way. When you tiny things forget each other, I send you out into the unknown with something of your homes to comfort you."

Now I was practically shouting.

"But you! You had to be different! You didn't even have the decency to stop breathing before meeting me! This is all wrong! The least you could do is let me perform this kindness for you, you ungrateful little - "

She looked at me, such terror and confusion in her eyes that I cut off mid-rant. Her gnarled, arthritic hands clutched at the threadbare sheets. Spittle flecked from her mouth as it opened and closed silently. The monitor beeped in erratic staccato. She shook her head in mute protestation, unable to comprehend and unwilling to accept my presence and my complaint. 

I understood. 

"You are forgotten."

I walked over to her bedside, ashamed of the way she recoiled at my approach. I considered trying to hold her hand, but abstained. My touch is rarely comforting. 

"Your husband has passed. You have outlived your children. Your friends are lost to the grave or to senility."

She did not understand my words, but the tenor of my voice must have reached some primal remnant of her soul. Tears began to swell in her rheumy eyes. 

"And now, poor wretch, you have been forgotten even by yourself. The mirror holds only a stranger's face."

I knelt by her bed as she shrunk away from me. Her eyes widened suddenly, then closed in what I hope was peace. An utter silence filled the room, and even the droning fly stilled his wings for a moment. The unplugged monitors and machinery stood as mute witnesses, and I let their cords fall from my hand.

"Brother."

I turned, and he was there. The younger son of creation. The dreadful one. 

"Have you already taken her, then? This is most unusual," he said.

I might almost have smiled. Our thoughts are so alike, my brother and I. 

"It was time for her to meet me. She was forgotten."

He understood what that meant, quicker than I.

"If she remembered nothing," he asked, "what did you send her with? What will she carry?"

"She passes unfettered and unadorned. She brings nothing with her. She carries no memory."

He nodded, and said, "You have my sympathy, brother. I know how much it means to be able to give what comfort you can. But there was nothing to be done for her." He paused for a moment. "As you said, she was forgotten."

A shadow passed, and I was alone once again. She was forgotten. She had no memories to carry.

But when all things crumble into nothingness, when the last echo of time fades out, when my brother and I meet our replacements, I know exactly which memory I will carry with me when I go. 
