*Erdan, day 79 of year 22,349 of the intergalactic calendar*

Saxch scrolled down the newsfeed, barely reading the boring headlines of the most relevant news. Suddenly, he noticed something interesting. He turned towards Vois, who was lying down, playing a simple game in a human-made console. Vois had always liked the humans quite well, which was not unusual for Erdanians.

“Hey, have you heard? Apparently the Samnarians have attacked humans” he said.

Vois looked up with interest. “Oh, have they?”

Saxch nodded. “Apparently, they have declared that they are finally going to tame them, and take them under their dominion” he read.

Vois laughed. “The Samnarians don’t know what they’re up to”.

Saxch decided to continue with the topic. He had never been to human-dominated territories of the galaxy. In fact, he had never even met a human being in person. Vois, on the other hand, had lived with humans for a few years, and could say she knew them well. She still visited some of her human friends from time to time.

“Why do you say that? The Samnarians are the dominant race of the galaxy. They have even taken over the Foritas. They probably can subdue humanity to their empire”.

Vois paused the game, and sat down to talk to Saxch. “Sure, the Samnarians have achieved dominance through their cold rationality, which makes them the best strategists. They can predict what their enemy is going to do before their enemies even know what they are going to do. But that doesn’t work against humans”.

“Why would it not work on humans?” Saxch asked. “That wouldn’t make any sense. Rational ability has been the single strongest predictor to explain why some races thrive and dominate while others eventually die out”.

Vois looked troubled. “It’s… Look, it’s hard to explain. Our species used to think that we were the only ones that valued and created art in the galaxy. And then humans came along, out of nowhere, and gave us a lesson on sculpture, painting and even poetry. What I mean is… Is…”

“You mean that their combination of rational and emotional is the key to understand them? But wouldn’t that make them similar to us?” Saxch inquired, still not understanding what Vois meant.

“Yes, but they take it to the extreme. They are on a completely different level”.

“So you mean that they are crazy?”

“Batshit crazy” she stated.

“What does that mean?” Saxch was confused.

“Oh, sorry, it’s a human expression. It just means that they are extremely crazy” Vois explained.

“Oh”.

“But you know, let’s just wait and see what happens” she said. “And, by the way, humans were able to beat the Foritas, too, and that was before they expanded out of their origin system”.

The conversation ended, but stayed in their minds for the next few weeks. The Samnarians controlled the flow of news quite strictly, so it was difficult to know what exactly was going on. Though it was not just them who were paying attention to the fight. The Erdanians as a species were following the whole war with attention, and trying to decide whether they needed to get involved.

The Samnarians were advancing quickly on the human front. They were wiping out any sign of resistance with ease, and arrogantly declared so in their news reports. Most of the galaxy believed that humanity was doomed from the very beginning. It was a lost battle. Humans would be much wiser if they just surrendered and pledged allegiance to the Samnarians, like many had done before them.

*Proxima Centauri, day 438 of year 22,349 of the intergalactic calendar*

“Look, I don’t know if I am ever going to come back alive from this mission. I can’t promise you that. What I want to do is create a better galaxy for you children to live in” Joanne Sammer said, looking at her children.

“But mom!” Felix was crying, and could not accept that she was leaving. Joanne hugged him.

“You are going to be OK, don’t worry” she held him tight, suspecting that this could be the last time, and then turned towards her daughter. She was crying, too. “Paula, take care of Felix, OK? I hope you explain to him why I’m doing this if I don’t make it back”.

“Don’t say that” Paula cried, burying her head against her mother’s chest. “Don’t…”

Joanne hugged them both, and eventually let go of them. She needed to go on this mission, if her children were to have a chance to a life of freedom in the galaxy. She boarded the spaceship, and waited to be alone to cry. Her precious children were left there, and she feared the she would not see them again.

Joanne managed to calm herself down, and walked to the bridge. The architecture was alien to her, but it was functional. She had learnt to use that spaceship in a matter of a week, and was now ready to command it as captain. Her crew waited for her order.

“Initiate take-off and jump to Foritas Central” she ordered.

The five men and women that were with her started to operate the spaceship. Ben, Sam, Daniel, Liz and Beth had been the people that she had chosen for that mission. They all had families and friends that would miss them if they did not make it back, but war was the time for difficult decisions.

“Get ready to attack the communications centre as soon as we conclude the jump” she ordered.

In less than an hour, Captain Joanne Sammer was seeing the capital of the Foritas burn. The spaceship left for its next destination.

*Erdan, day 12 of year 22,350 of the intergalactic calendar*

“This is completely ridiculous. After losing territory for over 350 days, humans have overturned the war in less than thirty days” Saxch commented, reading the news.

Vois looked at the newsfeed from behind Saxch. “I told you so. Humans are crazy”.

“Well, the Samnarians were not too smart to attack the Foritas, were they?” Saxch asked.

“Why do you think the Samnarians attacked the Foritas?” she asked, interested.

He thought about it for a few seconds before responding. “Well, the Samnarians deny everything, but the Foritas clearly show proof that a Samnarian spaceship attacked their capital”.

“I think it was humans that were manning that spaceship” Vois stated.

“What? The Samnarians would never be that sloppy. They wouldn’t let a spaceship go missing”.

Vois laughed. “No, they wouldn’t. But I’ve read a crazy conspiracy theory that explains quite well what’s going on. May I?” she asked, pointing at the screen.

“Sure, let’s see what you have to show me” Saxch was interested.

Vois looked for a particular website. When she found the site she was looking for, she opened a page and projected it against the wall, showing large images. She stood in front of it.

“OK, so it all starts in the battle of what humans call Alfa Centauri. Humans were fighting quite desperately by this point” Vois started explaining. “Basically, they carried out a direct attack against one of the Samnarian destroyers. Several small ships managed to penetrate it, and started to wreak havoc inside the destroyer”.

“No human or Samnarian survivors, and all ships were destroyed” Saxch added. “There is even a list of the Samnarian ships that were destroyed”.

“Exactly. That is the point. All ships were declared destroyed, but not confirmed destroyed” Vois pointed out.

Saxch read the data. “Sure, but look at the images, and the descriptions. It’s impossible that anything or anyone survived that hell”.

Vois nodded. “You’re right. But if you look at the list of ships that were destroyed, you will see that it included a Class W Samnarian lightweight fighter, the SAM11560. This is one of the finest Samnarian engineering pieces, which has incredible destructive power. And guess what was the ship that attacked the Foritas?”

“The SAM11560?” Saxch asked.

Vois’ emotion waned for a second. “We don’t know exactly. But it was definitely a Class W Samnarian lightweight fighter” she said, recovering her excitement. “Also, several reports of attacks on Samnar have apparently been silenced, and this was happening right before the Samnarian troops started to retreat”.

“And humans have suddenly improved their ships to the same level as the Samnarians…” Saxch added, starting to believe in the theory. “That theory does work, actually…”

“I know!”

Saxch thought about it once more. “OK, so, if this theory is true, while a large group of troops sacrificed themselves, a group of humans penetrated a heavily armed Samnarian destroyer, fought their way to a zealously guarded Samnarian lightweight ship, managed to make it work even though they had never used Samnarian technology, and escaped that hell of fire in one piece” he summarized.

“Pretty much” Vois nodded, excitedly.

“What’s the chance of that kind of plan working? I mean, it’s problematic at best, if not outright impossible” Saxch commented.

“And that’s the reason why it’s brilliant! The Samnarians could never have predicted such a thing!” Vois exclaimed.

“If it’s true, then humans are batshit crazy, as you say” Saxch commented.

“And it’s going to be fun to see them overthrow the Samnarian domination of the galaxy” Vois said. “The fate of the galaxy is going to change directions radically”.

Saxch smiled. “I think you might be right. This is going to be an interesting time”.