It was quiet, so quiet it would seem as though you had gone deaf. All things finally settled into their rightful place; all but one. A literal eternity had passed since they had met with no determinate time or place when they would meet again. After traversing this darkened expanse he had finally found her.  A lone figure dressed in an elegant funeral dress. She didn't look comfortable in it, like it wasn't the first thing she wanted to wear but it was the only thing that seemed appropriate. He approached her and offered a hand. She accepted and began to walk with him. "So, this is where we part." He spoke, his words being lost to the cold void. "So many things you brought forth have come and gone." She turned to him, her eyes mirroring his own. "It's very strange to not see any of them anymore. So many wonderful things I had made and yet..." She paused, having trouble bringing forth the words. She exhales softly, regaining her composure." I knew this day would have to come. Nothing could withstand death. Not even myself it seems." He holds her hand a bit tighter, unsure of what he feels as he knows time is growing short. "This is not my choice, I'll have you know. I'm putting myself out of the job by doing this." He says with a meek smile, forcing a laugh from her. "I know all too well. Things come and go and only one can see them to the door." He sighs and looks sorrowfully into her face. "I must ask this before we part." She looks at him, her head atilt."With all the beautiful life you created; Why? Why did you create me? Everything could have remained untouched." She smiled and touched his face. "You were the first thing I ever created, my most precious creation." He removed her hand and closed his eyes. "If things never come to an end, nothing new would have come into existence." She smiled and began to walk ahead of him. "It seems the time has come." She stumbled a bit in her step, falling to her knees." The man approached her and offered help her up, only to be declined. Her eyes began to close slowly as a small smile crosses her lips as she collapsed. The man watched as she finally came to rest. He gently scooped her up in his arms and cradled her as he walks into the endless void. Quickly, the void engulfed the two leaving only a deafening quiet in their wake.