It has been many moons since I settled upon this planet to study the humans to see if I couldn't gather information about them and then exploit it for my own gains. I settled in nicely, and they accepted me as one of their own, suspecting nothing. My mission was clear, but secret: Conquer earth and bring it to the heel of my empire!

These squishy humans are always going on about something. Whether it is the pathetic weather, the overcrowding of vehicles on their primitive roads, or the meal they are currently digstesting, it is always something! However, one thing the weak humans have not mentioned was this golden rule thing. Nobody ever spoke of it. This was the first time I ever heard of it. Was it a weapon!? Perhaps they threatened eachother with it. But nobody will speak of this golden rule. It is likely a human wide secret that everyone knows, but does not speak of with anyone else. Much like taxes.

I seek out answers in the form of spying. I first go to their primitive knowledge resource center known as a library. I ask for where their books on power sources and weapons would be, and also where to find books on the secrets of humans. The fragile human with the glasses pointed me in several directions. She suspected nothing. I was take to sections where books described nuclear power, fission, missiles, tanks, and other such stone age technology and weapons. My planet used these during ancient times, we have no need for such a thing!

I went to the keeper of the books, nonchalant, and simply said "remember the golden rule!" Perhaps this was the password to gain access to the power source or weapon. The guardian of paper simply nodded at me and smiled, speaking of her small barking animal and of her offspring. I was intrigued by this. Perhaps this was not a power source, but a spell. Could I use this to conquer the humans?!

I left the citadel of knowledge and took to the streets. I scanned the area looking for a mighty earth warrior, the biggest and bravest of them all. After some time, I could only find a meager human weighing approximately three hundred pounds with large arms and a large torso. Clearly no worthy opponent but he would have to do. I shoved him, as is customary when initiating a duel. He growled at me, asking for my intentions. After reciting "remember the golden rule!" he initiated combat. Clearly, this was not a spell after all, for even after reciting it he still wished to combat me. Why did he not blather on like the guardian of the books? 

Clearly this was still a power source and not a spell. After swiftly dispatching the squishy and feeble human, I sought a different location: A human drinking site called a bar. Mingling with inebriated humans will surely lead someone to let their guard down and tell me of this power source! I went inside. I did not like to visit bars. At first I assumed it was a noise factory, a place where small humans gathered to make noise in a room. My curiosity got the better of me, and I went inside. The smell was worse than the noise. My assumptions were still right, but there were more rules. You had to enter the bar. One must drink, and then one must vomit on the floor. You must do this while also making noise. I proceeded to do all of these, and was thrown out the first time. I observed the ritual at another human watering hole and found it was much more complex than drinking, vomiting, and making noise. Vomiting only occurs when you drink in excess, and then people cheer you. It was a strange place indeed.

I approached the drinkmaster and ordered a bud wiser. I assume this is the drink that unlocks the humans golden rule, however after consumption, I realized this was what unlocked the humans potential to vomit. I did not feel any wiser. I looked at the human next to me and spoke to them, reciting the phrase "remember the golden rule!" The human then began to ramble about a small yappy animal and a previous mate. The reaction of the golden rule seems to be different among the genders. I would not get my answers here.

Growing frustrated, I turned to the great public forum of earth: a protest rally. The humans gathered into groups, holding signs to show their frustration, and shouting loudly in rhymes. These signs contained messages about their frustration. This current gathering of humans was rhyming about pollution in the water. When there was a gap in the shouting, I declared loudly "remember the golden rule!" Their leader pointed at me with enthusiasm, and slurred at me "Right on, man!" and the crowd reacted with loud cheers at my statement, also putting their hands together in an applause. Human clapping still puzzles me to this day.

I grew weary of stepping around the issue. Frustrated and angry, I returned to the home of the only human that I was on speaking terms with, an orange haired sapien of low intelligence, and then pummeled the door. The slow human takes his time to get to his small portal, but once he opens it, I make my intentions clear.

"I AM LURR, RULER OF THE PLANET OMICRON PERSEI EIGHT! WHAT IS THIS GOLDEN RULE YOU HUMANS SPEAK OF?!"

"It's that thing where you're supposed to be nice to one another. Ykno, treat others like you'd want to be treated?" The orange haired one looked confused.

"Do you derive power from this golden rule!?"

"I wish. Maybe then I could get girls to like me and drive a race car in space."

I was stunned. So simple. So basic. So stupid. I scratched my thorax and left his domicile, disappointed by it all.