Varia Nazgreel remembered the room very well. A white room without a light, yet her sight was not hindered. Death was always waiting, this thing had patience beyond belief. The first couple of times Varia was unsure of the outcome, but after a few tosses, her luck seemed to be infinite. Death was waiting silently, its cold eyes showing no emotions. At least that is what the outsider would think. Varia knew that her time to flip the coin has come again and this time, Death was getting extremely annoyed.


"You! The defiler! Unclean thing! You are not even a human anymore!" it yelled in broken cold voice. Its teeth were clicking against each other when it stopped talking and if it had a tongue, it would probably add more sounds.


Varia grinned "The rule is simple. I flip a coin, i call the shot and if i guess correctly, you will send me back to the day of my birth."


Death dashed towards her and prepared to swing her scythe out of pure anger, but Varia only tilted her head "You wouldnt dare."


"Perhaps I will, you degenerate! I should end your miserable life right here and right now! But go ahead, humour me." The last line was said with mockery, as if Varia was about to fail.


Then she noticed something strange. Her tossing hand was missing. As she was left-handed, she would toss with her left hand, but the wounds from the battle didnt go away. She felt fear. If she was still alive, she would be sweating. Death on the other hand was laughing in her face.


"We implemented a new policy. All wounds persist. I wonder if your other hand is good at tossing, but i am sure it is" it said as it kept laughing.


Varia took out the coin she saved for this. Instead of heads and tails, there were two females. One was her face, the other was her lovers face. The names were Varia Nazgreel and Trin Nazgreel. She gripped it in her hand "I will bet my immortal soul on myself".


Death laughed as Varia tossed the coin and waited. The coin landed on the ground and bounced, then it stopped on Trins face. Deaths face lit up and the scythe that moved faster than humans could percieve cut off Varias head. Except the head did not roll.


"We implemented a new policy! YOU will not die! YOU will never die! But everybody you love will die as soon as they get within your sight or even gaze at your face. Now, you shall suffer. Oh, and in case you will want to return here, prepare to meet all of them. And they will know YOU ENDED THEIR LIVES! NOBODY messes with me and doesnt suffer. Now, leave, cursed un-human"