"Alright it's official. Like father, like son, i've lost my mind." I spoke outloud to myself as the tiny man stabbed my hand with his spear. Or rather, his toothpick. "You've lost your mind? Maybe we can help you find it after you help us find our sun. Gerald stop stabbing God's son." The little man grunted and withdrew his toothpick. I would have thought the tiny woman was the sane one, but she seemed dead serious about helping me find my mind. I closed my eyes and pinched myself, hoping that the pain would wake me up. There was no way two little people, the size of toy army men were standing on my nightstand. Unfortunately all I did was make my arm sore. "God's son? Why would God have a son? It's not like there are any lady Gods for him to lay with." The little lady turned to the little guy, Gerald, and began to berate him. "If god wanted to have a son than he can damn well just make one. He doesn't need a lady God. He's GOD. Gosh, sometimes I wonder why the elders sent me with such an idiot." Gerald turned red. "I am NOT an idiot, jerk. And why would God just make a son? That's skipping over the best part of having a son. The making of." "God you're such a pig, God doesn't need earthly pleasures. He's in a constant state of bliss." I groaned as the two little people argued about whether or not my dad willed me into existence, or had sex to make me. Either way, there was no way my brain was creative enough to come up with this situation on its own, so insanity and dreaming were off the table. That left reality. "Shut up. Shut up! SHUT UP!" Gerald and the little lady jumped as I shouted at them. "Alright let's start over, who are you and why are you here? And why are you so tiny? Answer that one first." Gerald opened his mouth but the little lady spoke over him. "I am Cassandra Ellivitch Ulward, daughter of the High Priestess Lissith, and my companion is Gerald, the village oaf." "Dammit Cassandra I am not the village oaf, I'm the captain of the guard." It was kinda cute how Gerald's tiny face tirned red with indignation. Cassandra opened her mouth to say something, but this time Gerald started speaking first. "We're here because your dad, GOD, has abandoned us and taken our sun with him. We need YOU to find him and ask him how we can appease his wrath." I sighed and collapsed back into bed, "I wish it was as easy as just finding him." Although I wasn't looking at the two, I could hear the two murmuring to each other. "What the hell's that supposed to mean?" "I don't know." "Stupid Gods and their riddles." "Seriously? God's son is RIGHT there and you're calling them stupid?" "Well maybe if he'd just tell us where his dad is I wouldn't HAVE to call him stupid." I groaned again, turned to look at them, and said "You know I can hear you guys, right?" Cassandra dropped and bowed so fast part of me was amazed she didnt get whiplash. "Please forgive my Oafish conpanion oh godly one. He knows not what he says." I pinched the bridge if my nose and said, "Alright, lets make two things clear. One, I am not a god. Two, my dad was not a god. And three, if you guys dont stop arguing I will shove you in a shoebox and mail you to the SPCA." For a moment, I thought that I had gotten my message across. Then Gerald said "See I told you he was stupid, that was three things he made clear. Not two." I barely had time to register Cassandra's hand as she back-handed Gerald so hard he went flying across my nightstand. "Forgive my idiot companion once again my lord, and forgive me for going against your instructions but of course you and your father are God's. How else could he have made us, and YOU in his image?" Gerald groaned as he recovered from Cassandra's sucker punch. "My dad didnt just make me alright. He met my mom at a party and they got drunk and.... well you know..... and nine months later I was born." Gerald stuck his fist into the air and whooped as he said "I KNEW it. God is a dirty dog just like the rest of us, bet the lady Gods are all over him all the time." It was Cassandra's turn to flush red with indignation. "That's ridiculous. God would never lower himself to the level of a filthy degenerate like you." I could tell they were going to start arguing again. I'd barely known these two for 10 minutes and I could tell when it was going to start. I was depressed, I was tired, I was pretty sure I was losing my mind, and I finally snapped at them. "If my dad was a god then tell me how the fuck he managed to die in his fucking sleep last week?! If he was a god why the hell is this place falling apart?! Why the fuck did he abandon us?!" For a second, I forgot that I was talking to two people who I could not only crush with just my thumb, but who apparently worshipped me. I felt bad when I saw them cowering behind my desk lamp. I sighed and said, "I'm not gonna hurt you, it's just. It's been a long couple of days and I'm tired and frustrated and I guess not in the best mindset to be dealing with little people calling me God." Charlotte was the first one to step away from her hiding spot, and as she smoothed out her dress she said, "I understand how you feel, it's.... difficult to keep going when someone who'salways been there to guide and protect you suddenly vanishes. I felt the same way when God abandoned us." "I told you my dad is NOT a god. He's just a regular human being like me or you. Or well, a much bigger version of you." Cassandra frowned and said, "It seems that for whatever reason God has decided to leave you in the dark. You say he's like you and me, but tell me. Could an ordinary human being give a humble servant like me the ability to do this?" At that Cassandra held out her hand and a tiny geyser of fire burst out of her palm, singing the edge of the lampshade that was directly above her. I stared dumbfounded at her as she continued, "Additionally, if your father was a regular human. How is it that there is an entire village of people like me thriving beneath your feet? Is this something regular people have happening in their homes?" I sputtered as I tried to think of some kind of explanation, something to prove that my dad was nothing special. "Your father might not have been the best parent to you, he might not be perfect like I thought, he might even actually be dead for all I know, but I can tell you with 100 percent certainty that he was no ordinary human being. Your father, our GOD, has abandoned us and we desperately need someone to save our home. I can't guarantee answers for either of us, but if you help me to save my home I swear I will do everything I can to find out exactly what your father is. Will you help us?" Cassandra's speech left me speechless. My mom took me and left when my dad quit his job and started spending days in the basement alone. We thought that he had gone insane. I thought that he hated being around us. When he died, part of me wanted to leave the old house to rot, maybe even burn it and the basement to the ground. Instead I decided to try and salvage it, and in the process learned that maybe my dad wasn't completely batshit insane. Or maybe I simply went crazy too. Either way, there was no way I could refuse the little lady and her tiny companion. "Sure, why not."