Alright time to recap a bit:

It was late January, I had just taken my exams and had a few days off afterwards. Me being myself had spent these days grinding various games, browsing Reddit and 4chan, making some pretty spicy memes while eating some tendies and I was still celebrating over the inauguration of President Trump. I was currently playing through Wraith of the Machine with a few of my friends. We'd spent the past few hours on it and had finally gotten to the final stage with Aksis and we had just about gotten him but my internet had cut out and brought me back to the start menu. 

My first instinct was to yell at my mom if she had done something with the router but she was out shopping and I was home alone. Still pretty pissed, I go to text my friends I was playing to tell them what happened but my service was down. I never get good cell coverage at my house so I wasn't worried and I decided to relax with some TV. As I turned it on a message flashed on my screen that I couldn't exit out of that said "STAY INDOORS AND DO NOT LOOK OUTSIDE." Now pretty worried, my first thought is to run out to the garage and listen to the CB in my jeep since nothing else is working. I turn on my jeep and try to listen to the radio but every channel is just blasting the message "EVACUATE IMMEDIATELY, GET TO HIGH GROUND." 

Now I'm confused and worried, I turn off my car and run back in the house and start to bunker down. But all of the sudden I hear gunshots from up the street. I peer out the blinds to see four or five figures rounding up people and executing them. At this point I'm horrified and I decide I need to run but I continue to look through the blinds and begin to notice more details. Three of the figures have dyed hair and they all seem to be a bit overweight. I didn't put it all together until I saw the emblem on their sleeve. It was a blue square with a white lowercase t inside it. I suddenly realized what was going on. The Internet going out, conflicting messages, the figures physique. It added up to one thing: The SJWs were taking control.

I go into overdrive. I clear out my backpack of my school supplies and dump a few changes of clothes and as much food as I can. I also pack my laptop in case I can get back on the Internet and I have means of communication. I then go into my parents closet to open the gun safe. I get out my 1911, a couple of my dad's heirloom revolvers and my mom's shotgun and dump all the ammo I can find in my backpack. Luckily the SJW's were very slow in rounding up people and I live at the bottom of my street. Lastly, I leash up my dog, Hershal and fill a ziplock bag with his doggo food because I don't want to leave him in the SJW's hands. I decide to go out my back door, cut through my neighbors yards and escape to the woods that borders my neighborhood. 

I slip on my MAGA cap and my American flag bandana and bolt out my backdoor and  through my neighbors yard and cut across the street and into the woods with my 1911 in one hand and Hershal's leash in the other while the SJWs were distracted debating what made-up gender was the best. After about 10 solid minutes of running, I stop to rest satisfied no SJW knew I escaped. I sit down and begin to think this all through: The SJWs somehow disconnected our internet and used all the fake news stations to broadcast the fake message to stay in your house, making it easier to round up every conservative, however they didn't think to broadcast their fake message over the radio. Leading people to broadcast on the radio to run to high ground (The SJWs may be able to march around city streets, but not up a mountain). So I decide my only course of action is to go up to high ground, I live in central NC and I figured I can make a trek westward to the Appalachians. 

I sit to rest for a few minutes and plan out how I would get west, I would follow but not get on highways and interstates going west, looting and looking for survivors along the way. I get ready to leave until I hear a loud noise above me. I look up and see a commercial plane fly above me, I knew it wouldn't make sense to have this plane be out flying in a time like this unless it was incredibly important. Luckily it was heading the same direction I was...