A robotic voice from a million miles away spoke calmly through the fog of cryo sleep.

"Take slow, deep breaths. You are waking up after years of cryo sleep. Disorientation is completely normal."

It hadn't said how many years. Why was that?

"You are on the planet Mars. Your name is Jessica Sarah Danvers, chief engineer on the Addonis mission."

Crew. Where were they? They went to sleep after the... explosion?

"The pod door is opening now. You will experience an intense chill in three, two, one."

The doors of the sarcophagus-like pod lifted from the horizontal machine. The relatively cool air of the command center rushed in and Jessica shivered violently.

"Take as much time as you need. When you are ready, exit the pod and step into the shower to the left."

She did just that. Her mind slowly woke up and she started to remember. There had been an accident. An explosion. What had it been? Either way, it ended their mission.
She remembered running, her suit felt as if it was made of lead. Captain Eric Donovan was ahead of her until a shard of shrapnel tore through his arm, severing it in a ragged mess. The blood evaporated before it could spill over the sand. She didn't even stop to check on him. He suffocated almost instantly.

She sat up slowly and looked around the circular room. The lights were dim to allow their eyes time to adjust. It looked exactly the same.
Jessica stood and stepped down from the pod using the built in stairs, then made her way to the shower. 
She rinsed the gel-like cryo spray from her body and stood in the water for a moment. She knew she couldn't stay long, but extra time was always allowed for those coming out of cryo. After a few minutes she stepped out and slipped on her uniform, a navy blue jumpsuit and something like trainers. 

Walking back into the cryo room she saw the other pods were still closed. She figured she was just the first one to wake up. 
She walked over to the pod of Nick Bender and saw it was inoperable. He was preserved inside, allearing to have passed in his sleep. He probably didn't know he had died.

Her heart suddenly jumped. She was awake. Nick and Anthony's pod were both dark and a quick peek inside told her Anthony had met the same fate.

Why was she awake?

A panic started to creep up on her and she bolted from the room to the command center. An analysis of recent logs told her the facility has been on a backup generator for some time. She figured the reset had been what killed them.

"Computer?"

"I am currently in low power mode and cannot respond to requests, please make your inquiries at a terminal."

She did as requested, typing furiously. 

//How long have I been asleep?

/One-hundred thirteen years, one month, seven days.

"Oh fuck." Her mind was racing. "Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck."

//Show me the last communication from Earth. 

/Message found. Subject: Mission Addonis Failure - Farewell.

She clicked the email and read through it. It had been sent two years after they went to sleep. They had run out of time. The rescue window passed before they could come up with something viable. Mars would be their graveyard.

In a perfectly sealed tomb.

Jessica sank and sat against the wall for hours. She wasn't sure what to do. Death was inevitable, but sooner or later? The choice was all hers.
Finally she stood. Sooner. She had read the stories of astronauts going insane after decades of isolation. That wasn't happening.

She made her way to the galley, prepared her favorite meal, and savored every bite as she steeled her mind for what she was about to do.

On her walk to the airlock she contemplated the afterlife. What would be next? She wasn't a particularly religious person, but she could guess.
She finally came to the door and took a deep breath. She had dedicated her life to science. This would be her final experiment. 

She stepped into the airlock, sealing the rest of the perfect tomb behind her. She pressed a series of buttons on the panel near the door and took hold of the lever.

Jessica Danvers took a deep breath and held it as she dropped the lever and the atmosphere exchange began. It only took a minute.
She then took the door handle and pulled it inward. It took some force to pull and what laid waiting on the other side took her breath away.

She stepped out into a forest. Green and beautiful. Full of life.

She fell to her knees and cried tears of joy. The mission hadn't failed. Mars lived.