She played jazz.  I heard her first, first time I saw her.  It was this little town you've never heard of, in a dive bar I don't think any customer had ever set foot in.  I walked in, and the floorboards creaked, and I thought for a second that the lights turned on just as I arrived.  The bartender, big fella, you know his name, and I donxt want to downplay his sgnificance, but he's not the focus of this little eulogy.  She is.


I heard her first, all the way down that street, playing this music that stirred the soul, like an angel breahing song into everything.  I swear, it seemed like the grass stood up when she sang, slow and pretty, a blues that makes a man sweat.  

I heard her first, but, when I saw her ... when I saw her ...

When I saw her, the sun rose.  When I saw her, the tides shifted.  She looked to see who'd entered, turning to the side just so I could see her half-moon smile, turned up at the corner, all wry and witty.  It was like she was waiting for me.  When I saw her ... Man, when I saw her, it was like I'd finally found my purpose.

She was reckless.

No, that's the wrong word.  She wasn't reckless.  She just, she couldn't help but being what she was, and what she was is Life.  She'd take a toke on these cigars she kept on the top of the piano, blow out nebulas that was filled with wondrous colors, stars and planets and people.

So many people.  She loved them all, she sung so many songs for them.  She played *jazz* for them, real deep soulful jazz, like they play in the city now, or at least they used to.  She'd wiggle her fingers along those ivories and make sounds that went all the way home, into memory, into remembrance.  

But sometimes, the bar got smoky.  The bartender, he'd give me the nod.  I'd turn on the fan for a while, blow it all out.  All those lights would go out, be sent on to the next dive.

She'd cry.  She would wail on those keys, weep for every light that went out.  She would mourn, bitterly mourn.  I couldn't stand it.  She was so beautiful, and I hated being a part of that, of making a woman keen like that.

But the bartender, he knew it had to be so.

One day, she started coughing.  It wasn't much at first, just a little thing.  But it got bad over time.  Real bad.  The doctor came by, checked her over, put his scope on her back and made her breathe in and out a few times, shook his head.  

Cancer.  I've seen it a thousand times.  It's never easy.

She kept playing, softer as each day went by, little bit by bit, then a whisper until she couldn't even be heard over the softest touch of the keys.  I could see her cryin'.  It broke my heart to pieces.

I looked to the bartender.  He nodded and said, "Bar's closin'."

I said, girl, it's time to go.  You sing so pretty, but you deserve a break.  I'm gonna take you outside, get you some fresh air.

First time I saw her, she had thick red hair flowing down her back.  Now it was all thin and grey, but I don't like to remember her like that.  So, the way I think it, she still had red hair, thick and long, like dawn rays.  

I lifted her off that piano bench and we went outside, out into the night.  It was too dark, but it wasn't quiet.  She was humming a little tune even as we left.  I swear, she got lighter as we went, becoming smoke, full of lights and stars and echoes, until all that was left was her smile and her song, the one she sang just for me.

Thank you for everything, I love you, I'll miss you, I'll see you on the other side.

Saw it a thousand times, that smoke blowing away in the night, but I never felt it like that.  

So, I went back inside.  The bartender nodded, saying I know what you gotta do.  I sat down at those piano keys and played until the lights went out.
