"The first casualty of war is always the truth."

Few people remember how the war really started. Most say it was the North Koreans preemptive nuclear strike on Yongsan Garrison in Seoul along with several US naval targets that caused the initial outbreak of violence. Others said it was a botched assassination attempt on Un made by US trained ROK special forces.

Regardless, none of that mattered as it was over almost as soon as it began.... well, at least the major fighting anyways.

The problem that the leaders of South Korea and America overlooked was that they hadn't planned adequately for the millions of refugees that had flood into South Korea and China. Thousands of them highly contaminated and sick with radiation. The compromised immune systems of the refugees only spreading an outbreak of disease that moved rapidly throughout what remained of North and South Korea. 

US leadership, determined to stabilize the Korean peninsula, began calls for 100,000 troops to maintain the prolonged occupation of the region and to combat the insurgency provoked by the collateral damage of tens of thousands of civilians in the initial strikes, with an increase up to 250,000 over the next three years. This sacrifice required that US military spending be increased at the cost of cutting more social programs. The US also appealed to the UN to send additional peacekeepers and aid to support the effort. 

Unfortunately, there were no viable contingency plans when some of South Korea's major manufacturing facilities were destroyed during the initial exchange, causing their already fragile economy to collapse. South Korea had set aside funds for Reunification, but those funds were only anticipating the peaceful merger between the states, not having to rebuild each country's respective industrial base, in some cases from the ground up, and in the many cases of ground zero, there would be no redevelopment at all.

To the surprise of many Americans, China, angered by US actions, enacted sanctions that in combination with increases in military spending, crippled the American economy. Factoring in the cuts to social spending this had the unfortunate effect of further increasing political tension and domestic unrest in America.

America, lacking in the cheap Chinese electronics that made it a technological powerhouse, and now unable to adequately fund it's military, decided upon a new cost cutting restructuring plan. Critics called it "insane", "regressive", and even "barbaric", it's proponents hailed it for it's simplicity and genius. The arms industry balked at the initial budgetary cuts and claimed it would cause mass unemployment and that the plan would set America technologically back centuries. 

With its people reduced to scratching in the dirt for a living, revolting against their leadership, and beating rocks together for entertainment, America was about to get medieval...