Karen. It is the only thought that I can find in my mind. It's the only word behind a dark curtain. Karen. I look to my right and see a pool of water, about 5 feet wide. It's a bit murky, but as I stand over it I can see the outline of my face. A scraggly beard covers my cheeks, and a scar runs along the side of my face. My eyes are brown, or green, or both. It's hard to tell. It's hard to tell what the hell is going on right now. Who is Karen? Who am I? Where am I?

My right pant leg is torn but inside there's a small photo. About 5 inches by 10, and torn at the edges. There is a girl on it. Her hair is long,blonde,and curly.Her eyes are blue. She is beautiful. More beautiful than anything. She is Karen. On the back of the photo is a single word. 

It appears I am in a hole. Not quite a hole. Its rather large, and deep. I suppose it looks like I am in the middle of a crater. At the top there seems to be a pole with a little silver box on top of it. I climb up to the box. It feels like something I have felt before. Smooth, cold, completely lifeless. There is an inscription on it. Its written in a language I think I knew, a language I think I still know. Suddenly it makes a loud blaring sound. It reverberates around me, and drowns out everything else. Then it stops and a commanding voice rings out

"You have only one memory left. It is very strong. What would you like for Karen?"

I focus on the inscription. It states that I can sacrifice a memory, and receive some sort of magic. 

"Who am I?" I ask the box.

"This memory has already been collected. There are no returns. What is forgotten is gone."

"You asked what I would like for Karen?"

"Yes, Karen is a powerful memory, what power would you like?"

"I would like the power of memory!" I gasp excitedly

"Are you willing to give up Karen?" The machine asks quickly

I was about to say yes. I was about to do it. I simply want to know who I am. What the hell is going on. But I can't. Something inside me tell me that I cant give up Karen. Something says that Karen is more important than me. That knowing her is far better than knowing myself. I quickly climb out of the crater and trudge into some sort of city with bright lights, in search of her.

