The sound called to me.

A sound as deep and resonanting as my own heartbeat, or maybe even moreso. The gentle twangs, the melodies, the notes I could so clearly envision yet had no baseline knowledge of. My soul sang a song that my body, quite simply, couldn't understand.

Once, on the subway, we passed a stranger. A woman with a violin and an open case. We stopped for a minute, but eventually kept moving. I kept staring back, puling back, dragging back, resisting the hand of my mother that forced me away. She was nearly late for a job interview, she had no time to stop for a street musician. I screamed and cried and eventually fell into quiet discontentedness.

We had music classes. For a while.

But the teacher got a better offer elsewhere, with more pay and better facilities. The arts program was cut unceremoniously.

I wanted lessons outside of school. Mom and Dad were working full time, and couldn't afford the fee or have the time to drop me off, since the only place offering violin lessons was across the city and I couldn't get there alone.

I wanted my own instrument. A violin, a guitar, a piano, a damn marching band drum! Anything. Anything to bring voice to the song I could hear so clearly in my head.

But. It was too much. It was always too much. No matter how much I worked, how many jobs I had, something always came up. Not enough food, lay offs, rent coming due, cellphone bills or clothes tearing beyond repair. Something always came up.

Instead of sheet music, I had a basket ball because that's all I could afford as a hobby. Instead of buying violin rosin, I ferried illegal substances from one dealer to another because nobody would suspect the reedy little girl with an asthma problem of being a drug mule. Instead of making music, I fell deeper and deeper into a hole of misery and emptiness, until I couldn't hear the sound of my own soul, choked out amongst the decay and rot of this sad little life I led.

It was a short life, however. The dealer cut the cocaine with something unsavory, and clearly this man had never heard the phrase 'dont shoot the messenger'. 

The only mercy I had was that it was quick, and that they were in a secluded place. My father would never know that his daughter had been mixed up with the sorts of people he tried so desperately to escape from, he would only know that I went missing. He would look, of course he would, but at least I wouldn't disappoint him with my death as I would've if he found out. It was better this way.

When I got back to...wherever I was, heaven I suppose, I wanted to cry. The anguish I felt was inhuman, unbearable, staring up at the switchboard that offered me a view into the past and asked if I would like to reincarnate with all my gathered skills from all my previous lives.

I had the soul of one of the greatest musicians in history, I had been Ludwig van Beethoven,
but the sound of gunshots and debt and bill collectors had drowned out my soul, my music so wholly, so thoroughly, that I may as well have just been another poor little girl in that other lifetime, and nothing would have changed.

Nothing had changed.

I reached out, and rejected that offer. 

***"All your previous life data will be erased, is that okay?"***

Yes.