Blurk and Kurble had been trading brutal insults about the newest members of the Union for two hours, each trying to out do the other.  Intoxicated and having only a small amount of material that had played earlier on the news, they nevertheless managed to keep it going with no end in sight.  Most of the insults were of the stupid/ugly/primitive variety.

Finally Tiffany could take no more.  She was tired of listening to these assholes, and the tip just wasn't worth it.  Parblurians were known to be chintzy tippers anyway.

"Do you think you could beat one of these humans in a fight?" she asked Blurk, the more obnoxious one.

"I'd tear it to shreds, and call animal control to come scrape up the carcass," Blurk boasted drunkenly.  Tiffany's anger turned cold.

"What if I told you there was a human in the bar, and she was willing to accept your challenge?"

Blurk roared with laughter.  But Kurble, who was slightly more coherent, recognized this as a red flag.  Didn't the news program say something about the males being the aggressive ones?

"What human would dare challenge me?" Blurk bellowed with all the menace he could muster.

Tiffany calmly removed her apron, folded it, and set it down on the table for dramatic effect.  "This one," she said.

It was only then that the two Parblurians realized their bartender was a human.  It was an embarrassing lapse of situational awareness.  Everyone in the bar was watching now.  Her boldness was the second red flag, as Blurk was literally twice her size.  But Blurk was undeterred.

"Very well.  Let your example deter other humans from bothering other Parblurians with your delusions of grandeur."

"We'll see about that.  Step outside."  Tiffany turned and walked through the side door and into the back alley.  Blurk and Kurble sauntered out, followed by every single creature in the bar.  The procession took several minutes, as some of the patrons were in a stupor and not too agile to begin with.  No one wanted to miss this.  A few even had the presence of mind to begin recording.

This should be easy, Blurk thought.  It was not even clear how the human could fight.  It had no claws, no fangs, no horns, no spiked tail.  Its skin looked fragile.  Its muscles were not impressive.

The fight began, and immediately there was a third red flag.  Blurk tried to rake Tiffany with his clawed hand.  In a blur of motion, she easily stepped aside and he raked only air.  The human was incredibly fast.

He swung around and raked again.  She leapt aside, and before he could react, she struck him with a closed fist square on the jaw.  There were gasps from the crowd.  The blow had snapped Blurk's head violently to the side.  The human was stronger than it looked.  How could it strike that hard with a fist?  Wouldn't its fingers break?  Who fights like that?

Blurk almost lost consciousness from that first impact, and the fight deteriorated rapidly.  The human was too fast for him to inflict any damage, and everything he tried resulted in a devastating counter punch.  Sometimes she threw several punches in a flurry too fast for the eye to see.  It wasn't enough just to win.  Tiffany was on a mission to humiliate his entire race.

Finally Blurk collapsed on his belly and did not try to get back up.  It was the Parblurian way of admitting defeat.  Kurble was struck with fear.  If she continued her attack, he would be honor bound to step in, and no doubt receive more of the same.  But the human stepped back, put her hands on her hips, and glared at him.  Kurble could not meet her gaze.

The next day, video of the fight made it's way to even the farthest corners of the Union.  Parbluria had not endured such an indignity since Admiral Lurbka's defeat at the battle of Schizzleflurtz.  And it was the first step in humanity's rapid rise to infamy that culminated in the Rumble in Roobeelia, which as we all know resulted in the Articles of Equality.