"I think it's about time we threw in the towel on this one. We've been watching these guys for months and I for one haven't seen anything."

"Well that why you'll never get paid the big bucks Tom."

"Oh shut up Harry! You can't tell me you've seen something strange going on here. It's just a pizza joint man. We're wasting our time."

"Yea...yea. Well Jim over in Narcs told me something big was going down tonight. A lot of stuff is being moved and I think this is where it's goin'" 

"The guys in Narcs are always sure that something big is going down man. When are you ever going to give it up?"

"Look dude, if you want to go home that's on you, but I'm going to stay right here and watch this place."

"God, I fucking hate you sometimes."

Tom settles down in his seat preparing for a long boring night. Adjusting his hat a little he glances over at Dom's Pizza. It wasn't much to look at, a brick building smashed between two identical brick buildings. There was trash piling up in the alley besides it and a dog was digging through it. The place didn't seem to have a lot of foot traffic, hardly anyone ever went in, but every day delivery boys went out this way and that like clockwork. 

A couple months ago cops starting picking up druggies saying they'd bought their blow from Dom's place. No one really took it seriously, but they posted two beat cops on the corner anyways. Harry thought that this was it. If they could just bust this case there'd be promotions in their futures for sure but Tom didn't care. He knew better. This was just some cockamamie bullshit they through some nobodies on to make the media shut up. 

"Hey, man wake me up when something happens alright?" Harry tapped him on the head.

"What the fuck Harry? I don't even want to be here."

"Man just shut up and wake me if anything good happens." 

With that Harry rolled over and almost immediately went to sleep. Tom thought it was a gift, the way his partner could decide to sleep and then just be asleep. 

'If only I could go to sleep' he thought. But he wouldn't be able to until this assignment was over. Looking over at Dom's again he thought 'fuck it' and pulled out his phone. He was hungry, it was late, his partner was asleep, he was going to order a goddamn pizza. 

"Hello. Thank you for calling Dom's what can I get for ya?"

Tom looked over at Harry. This was a stupid idea, "Uh, yea. Let me get a large cheese pizza hold the crust."

"A large cheese pizza hold the crust sir? Would you like that with or without sugar?"

A nervous laugh. Tom didn't know when this had turned into a prank call, but it was too late to back out now. "Why would I order a cheese pizza no crust if I didn't want the sugar...? Or is that too much for you guys? I was told you were the best." 

"Yessir, that'll be out as soon as possible. Keep it fresh and stay cool" 

Tom let out a breath. He was glad the to go guy was cool. Prank calling a business was illegal and Tom didn't need any marks on his record. He was setting his phone back on the charger when Harry said, "Shit Tom, why'd you go and do that for?" 

He was rubbing his eyes and casting sour looks at his passenger. 

"I don't know man. I was bored. You were asleep. It just sort of happened...."

"This is an official investigation. We don't have time to be playing games! What if you blew our cover?"

"Well I didn't. The guy on the phone just thought it was some prank caller I bet."

"Why would he think that?"

"I ordered a cheese pizza no crust." 

"No crust?"

"No crust."

"How does that even work?"

"I don't know, but there's no way anyone took it seriously."

"Ok, but you've got to be more careful dude. I really need this to work out."

"Yea well, nothing happened so lets just settle down."

They both settled back into their seats. There was still a long night ahead of them. They were both still wide awake an hour later when the store lit up with activity. Car were pulling in and out and men were running all over the place with large duffle bags. Tom slapped Harry on the chest.

"Are you seeing what I am?"

Harry nod, "It's been so quiet all this time, I wonder what's going on." 

"I don't know"

The men at Dom's pizza were still running around, but now they were loading all the pizza delivery cars with the duffle bags which had been filled with something from inside the store. When they finished they covered the bags with pizza boxes started the cars and began to drive away. 

"We should follow them" Harry started the car and pulled out behind the last car leaving Dom's pizza. 

"You think we should call it in?"

"Yea it's probably nothing but just to be sure...."

"ok" Tom pulled out his radio and began talking with dispatch. "They're sending backup. We just need to tell them where."

 The car Harry was following drove for a long time. It made random turns and backtracked through side roads and alley ways. All this time Harry followed. He tried to stay a few cars back. They hadn't been trained for this, but it worked for the guys in the movies so he figured it couldn't hurt, but when the car turned down alleys and deserted roadways Harry had no choice but to be obvious. 

"Hey, look they're slowing down." Tom was already calling it out on the radio. They were at the harbors near the old abandoned warehouses.

"...Looks like the car stopped...it's a white ford focus....they're pulling the car into one of the warehouses....Harry cut the lights out man... how far out is backup?" A long pause. "What do you mean they're not coming!?...What? What could be more important than backing up your fellow officers!?... Shit ok. ok. Stay in contact." Tom threw his radio up on the dashboard and ran his fingers through his hair, "They aren't coming Har."

"What do you mean they aren't coming?"

"There's a big bust going down on the other side of town everyone's been called to back it up."

"Why weren't we called!?"

"I don't know man! What are we going to do?"

"We can't just let them get away come on" Harry grabbed his gun and got out the car. 

"This is a bad idea," Tom said, but he grabbed his gun and followed his partner out to the warehouses anyways. 

They were slinking around the building jumping from shadow to shadow when they found the door. Slowly Tom reached for the handle "It's unlocked."

Harry looked his partner in the eye, "Ok let's go."

Tom opened the door and together they stepped through. Checking in opposite directions they made their way into the warehouse. When they were a good ways in the lights suddenly turned on. It blinded Harry and Tom for a moment and when they could see again they were surrounded. 

"I never thought you guys would figure it out," A man called from behind the army of armed men, "Such a shame. It was all going so well."

Tom and Harry were standing back to back with their weapons out. "We've known for months. You'll never get away with this." A bluff. 

"You guys have been watching us, but you haven't found anything have you. And where are your friends? Across town? Hmm? The cops of this city are so fun to play with."

"What are you talking about!?"

"You think it's a coincidence that as soon as you two cracked the code every available cop would be called away? It pays to have big friends with small pockets." He laughed, "The only thing I don't know is how you did it. How'd you know to order the cheese pizza no crust?"

"What!? I don't know what you're talking about"

"I see you aren't going to tell me. Oh well. I guess it doesn't matter, but before you go..." He turned and began to walk away, "No one orders sugar with their pizza."