It was when I was twelve years that I received my first letter. It was slipped under my bedroom door in the middle of the night. It was a plain white envelope, much like you would receive any greeting card in.

Inside was a blank card that simply stated, “I will see you in 35 years” in perfect cursive handwriting.

Being twelve years old, I mentioned it to my father, who immediately claimed that it must be your brother playing a prank on you again and promptly shredded it.

I quickly shrugged it off.

The same day the next year, I was spending the night at my Aunt Joyce’s house on the other side of Ohio. I woke up from my overly comfortable queen sized bed to find the exact same envelope again. I really thought it odd, so I stuffed it in my pocket to take home.

Every year I continued to receive it. When I enlisted in the army at eighteen years of age, I had just finished a drill in boot camp and went to get the five hours of sleep before we had to wake up at 0500 for PT. 

Right on my bottom bunk was yet another letter. “I will see you in 30 years.”

How did the anonymous writer know where I was at? I tossed it in the trash as I couldn’t really keep it in boot camp.

Two years later, I am stationed in Afghanistan in the front lines. My bed is in a raggedy tent covered in camo. I walk in to try to rest for two while my fellow soldier keeps watch until we switch... Upon my foam “cot” is yet another letter.

How did they find me in the middle of nowhere? I use the letter as fuel for a fire the next morning.

Twenty years pass. I’m married with three kids, two daughters, 18 and 16 and one son about to turn 14 and the most lovely and loving wife that you ever could imagine, with beautiful brown eyes that could peer into the depths of your soul, that have such intensity yet such gentleness... Sorry, I’m getting sidetracked.

I look in our mailbox and I find the letter, without postage, name or return address... “I’ll see you in 8 years.”

Seven years pass. The oldest kids have graduated college and have careers and the youngest is currently a junior living at home to help save to pay off student loans.

My wife and I took a vacation on a cruise ship to the Bahamas. One night I return to our sea view cabin and upon my bed is the letter yet again, “I will see you in one year.”

How they managed to get it on this ship in the middle of the ocean, I don’t know. It’s not the oddest place I’ve found it, though.

I’ve received the letter in a cot in a tent in Afghanistan, in a prison Cell when I was arrested for spying during the North Korean War, fortunately, President Marshall arranged for my release as the war is nearing its end, North Korea being just a shell of the country that it was before, which is not saying much.

I show it to my wife, who simply shrugs it off.

364 days later, I am giving my son a ride to college as his car broke down. I drop him off and continue to drive home. Suddenly a semi-truck flies through a red light at a busy intersection just as I am driving through.

My life flashed through my eyes. How I’m going to leave my wife behind. How she’s going to grieve my death and how I’ll never see my grandchildren again.

Images flash in my mind, memories of the years go in an instant.

WHAM!

I look to my right (how am I alive?) and can see my utterly destroyed car next to me. Standing to my right, there is what I can only describe as an angel.

The first words out of its glorious mouth are, “Do not be afraid.”

He continues, “We were told to give you notice that you would be meeting us in 35 years. I could have been less cryptic, however I wanted you to be able to live your life to the extent possible before this day. You are here before me as your journey on Earth is not done. You have been chosen to be a messenger, a harbinger if good in this lost and fallen world.”

Why me, I meekly inquire and he responds,

“I do not know everything, human. I only know what I am told, only God knows all. Your first mission, however, is to inhabit this new human body that has been created for you. You will find yourself in Destin, Idaho. Go to a nearby cafe and you will find a woman in a purple shirt and blue jeans. Her name is Leslie. Talk to her. Buy her breakfast. She has had a difficult life and simply needs to be reminded that life is worth living. One possible thread in her life could lead her to helping many people, if she decides to continue living.

We cannot change free will, but you, at least, can try to prevent her death. If you need me, there is a whistle in your left pocket. Use it and I will appear, but only you will be able to see me.”

I am immediately surrounded in white light, brighter than the noon day sun.

It slowly fades and I find myself on a dirt road. Right next to me is a sign, “Destin, Idaho, population 273, 2 miles.”

I immediately notice that my body feels different. I am no longer a fit middle aged white man, but a stout young black male in my early 30’s.

I haven’t felt this great in a while.

I start my walk to the coffee shop that the angel mentioned, thinking of which, I never received his name... I’ll ask him the next time I need his assistance. I still have far too many questions...

My previous life flashes in my mind. Should I contact my wife? No, I am no longer in my old body. I’m not sure how much time has passed. She would not recognize me in this body and she would likely think I’m a lunatic. That life is over. This journey, whatever it may be, has begun.

An hour or so later I reach the center of Destin and find a small coffee shop named, “The Front Porch Coffee Bistro”.

This must be the place....




