They say we're lucky. They fear that luck, when that luck is so strong, so predetermined, that it's no longer luck. It's certainty. 

Sickness. Loss. Neglect. None of it matters to us. Some even question whether we can feel sorrow or despair. How would you test that? They tried, once, early on. They tried to cause us pain. Tried to cause us sadness. 

They simply couldn't believe we already felt it. They couldn't comprehend that what we want, and what is good for us, and what the world *wants* for us, aren't always consistent.

I knew a man, once. He was lucky, like me. But that was the only similarity. He was a smart man. Well, we're all smart here, but he had a preference for the abstract. Philosophy. It drove him insane. How could he value anything, how could he gain any sense of self worth, when nothing was because of him? That sort of ennui is common in prisons, but for us? Constantly watching from inside our heads as they try in vain to extract what makes us so special, to replicate it, to stretch it to its breaking point. 

His breaking point was the sixty-second time they tried to kill him. At least, the sixty-second time we knew about. This was the first time we know of that they tried to play two 100s against each other. Trying to find a system so perfectly deadly, impossible to malfunction, that one or the other would *have* to die. That luck would have to make a choice.

He was hanging there for 45 days, watching the bodies pile up. Anyone who attempted to approach the controls just... Died. Over and over, it didn't matter how high their score was. They couldn't match his 100.

Eventually, they chose to send me in. A fellow prisoner. A fellow... Subject. They were truly grasping at straws. I stepped over the bodies, radiating outwards from the panel at the centre of the room. There he was, suspended in the centre of the room, looking totally composed. Practically meditative.

As I reached the console, he opened his eyes and looked at me. In those eyes, I could see a sunken depth of exhaustion. A pool, infinitely deep, calm and still, but with a sense of foreboding and... Anticipation?

"Finally." He sighed. It made me jump slightly. I didn't expect to be able to hear him through the glass.

He smiled at me weakly. 

"They sent one of us. Please. Do it."

And now, luck played its final, beautiful card. Because as I raised my hand, and looked at the man I was trying to execute, it dawned on me.

As I walked out, I thought about the room. I thought about the switch, against the wall, right next to the door into his chamber. I thought about the harsh, bright light, the cool white tiles, and the calm, quiet man perched in the centre of the room on a small stool.

And I thought about the door, plain, simple, and unlocked.

Sometimes, when I'm sat in my cell, wondering what experiment will face me next, abd begin to question why any of us are here, if our luck is so good. Then I smile to myself, and think about that man, still sat in his room. 

I guess luck does have a bigger plan for each of us afterall.