Grim watched the silhouette of the man slowly dissapear into a gate of fog, the gate to the other world. The man's sobs and squeals however, resounded a good few moments before they too finally died down to a silence. Grim noted with a tilt of his head how the dying of his sound felt.... reluctant. Begrudging. Was that even possible? And if it was, just why were human so reluctant about death? Everyone dies. Everyone know that. So why was it, when death finally seemed to come, that human seemed to have a hard time accepting it? These creatures fascinated him like no other. Everytime he looked down at his pale grey, bony structures for hands, hidden under the folds of his shadow dark, long sleeves, he'd increasingly grew confident that they indeed looked human. He was convinced by now that he had been human at some point. But at what point? he wondered, dragging his way back through the dense fog to the human realm. He'd been here, cutting souls away from bodies, delivering them to the gate for as long as he could remember. He knew nothing besides the fact that he was the Grim reaper. Atleast, that's what the humans seemed to call him. Why he did what he did, when he'd started doing it, how life and death worked, so many questions he had. A lot with no answers. So he'd hoped the humans could help somehow, could answer atleast *some* of his questions. And despite him not knowing how to respond, or what talking was, really, he could by some miracle understand them.

So this one had been of no use, he noted grimly. Actually, the this reaction *was* normal. The only reaction to death, to *him*, Grim had ever known. That was until he met one particular red headed guy who reacted differently. *Infact, everything* about that guy was abnormal. Time didn't exist for the Grim reaper, seconds and decades blended into one but he was very,*very* sure this particular man died way too many times. It felt like he'd been picking him up almost everyday.

Grim finally materialised in the human world and he almost gasped at the surroundings. It was the man again! He'd always died here, the very same place, in the very same bed with the very same smile. And so he lay today too, hands clasped over his stomach, face dewy and bright with life, ironically, *perfectly* ready for death. Grim cut the cord and it didn't take long for the man to materialize beside Grim in his spirit form.

"Hello again." The man said, stretching himself. Grim nodded in response.

"Good day, it's been today" the man started walking and Grim followed him. "Grandma sure was nice. I mention nice particularly because Grandma is never nice. Has been wonky in her head her whole life." the man made a twirl with a finger using one of his hands, pointing towards his head and Grim drank in the gesture greedily. So many gestures they had, Grim thought. He was sure all of them meant *something*.

And so, today, the man spoke to Grim of a Grandma. Grim quickly caught on that the man was referring to a living ancestor of his. So, his Grandma had the darkest of hair at 90's. She was blind as a bat. A naggy pain in the neck. She'd always ordered the man around, he said, scowling at the memory. And she had to have things done her way. Grim was fascinated, despite not understanding most of what the man said. What intrigued him was how the man had mentioned more than a couple of times by now, that he'd *loved* the woman dearly. Love, despite all the complaints.

It didn't take long before they'd reached the gate of fog, the human still leading Grim and Grim following him like a bewitched, happy child. Grim stopped abruptly when he realised they'd reached their destination. Now the man would have to leave. But there were so many more questions, so many more.

"Reluctance?" the man asked Grim, hands folded over his chest, an amused smile tugging at the corner of his mouth. And *then* it all dawned on Grim. Reluctance! So *this* was why human were so reluctant about death. They didn't want to part with life! Grim suddenly felt desperate to talk, to tell the man about what he was feeling right now. Only, only if he knew how.

"Don't worry." the man said with the same old twinkle in his eyes. "I'll be here again."

It was like he understood Grim and just those words explained everything. Grim calmed down and nod in response.

"No reluctance now. Good. I'll be off, then." he waved a hand and started walking away into the fog. Grim watched him until his silhouette faded in the distance and then looked down at his hands. Reluctance and Grandma.