Listen, reader. It is said that men once possessed the power of Dragons.

In such days we ruled the worlds, now the Dragons rule us. So they say. That must be why I and Keera live in these lands, soaked with rain down to the soil until nothing grows but the plainest, toughest wheat, while the Draconi inhabit the lush Plains of Carthage.  They say the sun follows them, wherever they live, and I have begun to believe it.

It was the red-backs first, no more than serpentine birdlings with crimson scales, drifting lazily on the wind by the window, one bleak summer day.  Keera had smiled and pointed when she saw them, and even I laughed. It had been a long time since we laughed.

'A Godly sign,' I joked, and she had lovingly taken my hand and placed it on the swell of her stomach.

Keera had been born without the gift of speech, but had always been able to speak volumes with the rest of her face, sometimes more-so than anyone else.

It had shone with radiance that day.

As more Draconi came, and settled near the land, building nests of thistle and snag, so did the sun, and the fields shone with blushing tomatoes and green produce, cautiously planted by me.

'It truly is a blessing,' I said, grinning as me and Tom came back. He was a worker from down the valley, and had accompanied me home. 'A ridgeback,' he was saying in a low, impressed tone, 'A real Green Ridgeback.' He whistled. 'Never thought I'd see one of 'em true Dragons in my lifetime.'

Keera had smiled uncertainly, but I noticed worry in her eyes. It was the first time she had ever tried to hide it from me.

'What is it, dear?' I'd asked, my grin quickly fading.

She smiled and shook her head. And I assumed she had felt some sort of discomfort from the child, but Tom was there, so I kept silent.

'Perhaps it is a sign,' Tom was saying. 'In the old days, they say, there were gifted ones even among us humans.' He grinned and shook his head. 'But no, the days of the Sorcerers are over. Still, it's enough to make you dwell on the stories for a while, and forget about the bad harvest and tough work of the day.'

I laughed, and recounted a story my grandfather had once told me, of Agrippa, who had been court Magician to the fabled Augustus, when there were still empires and lords, rather than villages and tribes. We drank and joked until dark, and Keera had laughed at us both. But ever since then, the worry had been there.

The day the Dracaurus Rex arrived, Keera went into labour.

I had been sitting when I heard a yelp from her. She pointed at the window, where a magnificent, golden Drake emerged from the horizon, a second sunrise at this early Dawn, brilliant and monstrous both at the same time. I was so transfixed by it that I only noticed Keera's trouble when she collapsed on the floor.

'Keera! Oh Jove above-'

Cursing myself, I realised that the smoke from the fireplace had been filling up the cabin to a dim fog. I'd been meaning to clean the chimney out today, but now...

I hurriedly brought her outside for fresh air. Immediately, the draconi surrounded us. Keera came back to consciousness and started panting. As the small dragons came closer, I feared the worst. It was a month early, and the village midwife was nowhere near.

But then the Gold One arrived, more silent than I had held possible.

The only thing that alerted me of his presence was a thudding of the earth and the breeze chased from his wingspan. Immediately, the smaller Draconi backed away to a wider circle. Keera's eyes met mine, and I realised what I'd have to do. And yet, the presence of the Gold One somehow calmed my shaking hands.

'Juno guide me now,' I muttered.

In the end, I don't know how I did it, but when all was said and done, I held a crying babe in my arms, healthy and blushing with vitality. Even in the morning light, a faint glow seemed to surround him, and Keera clasped my arm and smiled at me, though her eyes were tired.

I felt the gaze of the Draconi on us, and turned to the Gold One, holding up our new son with pride. It seemed appropriate.

'Keera,' I said, looking back, 'I think there might actually be something be true to the stories. Look how he glows. Look at our-'

Keera's eyes widened, and then she uttered a scream that will haunt me the rest of my life.

The Golden Dragon had craned its neck towards our newborn son and opened its jaws.

I tried to turn and run, but it was too late. Its huge fangs claimed half my right arm, and our newborn son with it. The Draconi shrieked and flew, some spewing fire as they circled up into the air, and the Gold One roared, seeming all the more radiant as it leapt towards the skies.

Listen, reader. It is said that men once possessed the power of Dragons, and it is true. They stole their power from us, when they were but sneaky, slimy serpents, and now they rule the worlds.

We toil. Keera will have a new child one day.

We both pray that it will not be a mage.