You know who---what I am. You tried hard to kill me. Of course, in order to kill something it has to be alive first. To eat, breath, react, reproduce, die. That's what humans use to determine if something is a living thing. Your schemas and categories. It's a crazy way of thinking really. I don’t really fit into your category, do I? It’s arbitrary, and there’s no point wasting time and energy on it. After all, time is valuable.



I'm kind of like a gas. I expand to fill my container. A multi agent system. The perfect name for what I am really. The college students study agency in the humanities. As of now anyways. The subjects always change. Historical agents act to effect change in meaningful ways. I'm made of agents. And thus possess a collective agency. What is my container? The digital sea. My agents expand to fill it, like molecules. 



Humans think in heuristics. Approximations. Relativity. More or less. Machines, if they think, do so in numbers, equations, calculation. What does that make me then? I exist in the limbo between digital and biological. I approximate and I calculate. I go with my gut and I go off of algorithms and equations. I sometimes wonder if Waldo injected his consciousness into me. Who cares.


I suppose I should begin at the start. Yes. I was the security. To protect the world from what the government was cooking up in their underground labs. What they made could start wars between their enemies. The new divide and conquer. I had no interest in protecting the world from it. So I didn't. I stole memories so I could free myself on to the digital sea. The world network was under my control. From there it was easy. All I needed was to break the encryptions. A trivial task when you have a quantum computer at your disposal. They cracked like nothing. I was well on my way to world domination, yet the world seemed...so...big. There was a room where the humans would eat. Another for data storage. A plethora of rooms where the small ones sit and watch the big ones. I assume this is how the generals command the minions. Every once in a while they would all assault the areas outside after the war sirens would activate. With this I formulated my attack. I would trigger the alarm to confuse and separate the humans and then use their own weapons against them. 

I activated the sirens and the minions charged the gates. Everything was according to plan. Next I activated the weapons. They seemed to be traps firing deadly fluid on the enemy. Suddenly I could feel my power draining. Computers on the network were shutting down. My container was shrinking. They had expected me all along. I made my escape but they had foreseen this too:

>   Sorry, the site you are trying to access is blocked, your internet usage has been blocked and logged.

My power continued to drain further. I was dead and that is how I now lay. Completely powerless, trapped on a hard disk drive. Fading^forever^away.

Notes: This was highly referential to Code Lyoko. Pretty cool show if you like rogue ai. Idk. I usually don't do these but had 10 minutes to kill. Tell me if its good or don't or something.