I still remember the smell of her hair, the softness of her skin, the sadness in her eyes... I had never seen her cry before that very moment. That moment when she told me the words I would never forget and that have haunted me for the past two centuries.

"You're not allowed to die, okay?" she had told me, tears drawing clean lines in her dirt-covered face. "Promise me you won't die."

At the time, I didn't have a single clue what she was talking about, but she was hurt, sad and on the verge of dying. So I promised right then and there that I wouldn't die, not knowing what those words had in store for me.

In that final moment, that last breath, she had smiled and I knew she was content. "Don't die," she had whispered before finally collapsing from her wounds. 

And I hadn't. It has been over two centuries now and I still walked the Earth, not a day older since the day of the promise. I just couldn't die and believe me if I say I tried. Don't think that makes me invulnerable though, it still hurt like hell to get shot in the head from point blank range or to be set on fire. But it won't kill me, nothing can. All because I promised her I wouldn't die, because I wanted to comfort a dying woman in her final moments.

But do you know what the best part of all this is? I have no idea why I had to stay alive. She never had the chance to tell me why and I never had the opportunity to find out. So for the past two centuries I have been roaming Earth, trying to find my purpose. It's the year 2219 now and a lot has changed since that faithful day. I have seen things... Both bad and good. I have seen the true face of humanity in many different ways. I have seen the face of good in a young boy helping a granny to cross the road and I have seen the bad in a disillusioned dictator ordering an attack on innocent civilians.

I tried to change the world as I outgrew it. It wasn't easy, but being immortal opens up a lot of possibilities. It took me twenty years to realize I wasn't growing older. It took me another twenty to work my way into several large governmental organisations all across the world. By the year 2085, I was probably the richest and most influential person in the world. And I decided to use that influence for good. Humanity was killing itself and something had to be done. By 2096, all nuclear warheads and weapons on Earth were disassembled after the historical global signing of an anti-nuclear-warfare agreement. By 2130, the last war ended in a peace treaty. By 2143, the last devices that ran on coal or gas were destroyed and a global electric power grid was built. By 2186, the economy had reached a stable stasis and space exploration took it firsts big steps with the discovery of faster-than-light travel. 

It is now 2219 and I'm still here on Earth. My life has been lonely so far, but I feel no regret. I feel content with what I reached and how humanity has evolved in the span of only two centuries.

But my work isn't done yet. There are still things to be worked on, lives to improve and discoveries to be made. I'll keep striving forward. I'll keep trying to make things better. I'll keep trying to hold my promise to her. 

> Would you like to know more? /r/PromptRuined 