I'm my passing moments I thought about family friends, loved ones, and lovers. As cliche as that may sound my life passed before my life. Laying there in that blue polka-dot hospital gown. My wife Roberta holding my hand; it grew cold, I knew that time was coming. The last month was filled with alot of hospital visits, even got to know the name of my Doctor, which with the amount I hate hospitals that was a real surprise. I chuckled at the idea of finally knowing a doctor; almost made me feel brave, laughing in the face of death. I wasn't to far off, it did make me feel the slightest bit more comfortable with the thought of my own demise. I spent the last few days thinking of everything as the last of whatever it is I will see, hear, feel etc. I thinking that it would help me prepare for the end... it was a Tuesday night, around 8:30 or so. I knew in the back of my mind what was happening. I fought with all my strength to look over at Roberta, to tell her I love her, and to tell everyone that I love them one last time. I felt weak, light fluttering. I felt the pain in my back suddenly slowly go away, my eyes grew heavy, and then I slipped away.

Growing up I always wanted to believe in a heaven above. The idea of something to pray to at the end of the day. I grew up on the west coast; we all thought about a god, but never wore heavy on us. When you spend time in god's country you lose the idea of god I came to think of it. Had relatives in Arkansas that thought me a heathen. "How could you not devote your life to god. He's watching you know" that was my aunt Carol's favorite monologues. She was a good ol southern Baptist. Never liked her, or when she visited. But god blessed she was right about an afterlife. Which was both a relief, and a punishment knowing she will be there, for the rest of eternity... bitching about being right.. but she's family, guess I have to learn to deal with it again. The place kind of reminded me of a country club. At first it was beautiful, but during my walk to the gate I thought to myself "it would make sense it looks like this, don't imagine Jesus would run down the place. He seems like a real nice guy, kind of guy that works on his lawn every Saturday morning kind of guy". I got to the gate. I expected st Peter to be wearing robes but was surprised he was wearing such a nice blazer. I introduced myself, and so did he; gave me firm handshake. I was excited about living in paradise, I asked if there was anything else he needed from me. He responded with a short introduction about how things go, and that I would have a look around, and that my friends and family would be pointed out when I get in, but first I would have to confront the person I hurt the most. My heart sank into my stomach. My mind started to race. Who is it going to be? I ran away from my mother's house as a teenager, she was a druggie. Instead of supporting her like a good son I let her keep doing it, she OD'ed at 43 I was 19. I failed her. And that lead to me using women. In college I had this girlfriend. She was the girl I was with when my mother died. Her name was Erika. She was my first real love, gave her a promise ring. She was a wonderful girl, the kind I would take home to mom if only it where that easy. After the death of my mother I use that as an excuse to cheat on her. For the next year I would have a new girl once a month, sometimes two a month. I had a stable of girls to go to. Ericka knew, she wasn't stupid. She was young and dumb, and wouldn't leave me because she believed it was "just a phase" that I used women as an outlet for for grief. That was part of it.. The start of the next year's fall classes we had a fight. I thought I didn't need her, so I told her I didn't need her any more. She took that hard. For the next few months she would beg to get back together. I had girls every night, partying with all my buddies, I didn't want her. And during mid terms to help deal with the pain she went to a friends. Her friend dragged her to a frat party, maybe to mind some boys, get her mind off me. Those frat boys didn't care about her pain, they just put a funnel in her mouth and made her drink, and had her wash down a few pills, just for good measure. Took her to the back side of the house to get her away from her friend. She couldn't handle all the booze, and they didn't care, she passed out and started vomiting. They threw her in a car, and then drove to the emergency room. They didn't even have the balls to let staff know she was there. She died in a pool of sorrow, and her own vomit. It was my fault it happened. It never changed me. Even years later I would cheat on my wife. The idea that  got into heaven was a joke. It was a toss up on which of the two women I killed really.

As I followed st Peter I wondered why I had to do this. I wasn't able to do this. We walked through the lobby. I stared at the floor. It was marble. It was smooth, and unblemished unlike my self. The lobby felt like it would never end. We reached a door just left of the grand staircase. Peter looked at me, he said he understood how I was feeling. He warned me to be ready for what lies behind that tall door. He cracked the door. I gave him a look, it lasted for only a couple seconds, but it felt like an eternity. I slipped into the doorway. There was a chair in the middle of the room facing away from me facing a fireplace. There was a man sitting in the chair. Next to him was another chair. I see an arm point to the chair. A low sad voice asked me to have a seat. My heart filled with fear, I begin to walk. Staring at  the chair waiting for a glance at this mystery man. I creep around the open chair to finally catch a glance. I couldn't believe it. To my surprise I was looking myself in the face. I froze for a moment, stunned. Why am I looking at myself? What did I do? I had a seat. We stayed quiet for a few moments. He breaks the silence, and says "you are wondering why it's yourself sitting in this chair." "It's simple. You blamed yourself for those two deaths, you let the grief control who you where. You knew better; it was slowly killing you, and you never did anything about it." He was right of course. I had nothing to say for myself. "You never fixed your problems. You hid from them. You loved someone, and you messed up, over and over again. You and your mother had a bad relationship. She cared more about the fix than her life. LIKE every mother she was always proud of you. Ericka and yourself wouldn't have worked out. She needed one more chance to prove to herself that she was worth it. You couldn't have stopped what those guys did to her. But you never stopped and tried to be better, that is where you messed up. And that is why I'm here." I start to tear up. I wonder, should I even talk? The other me speaks. You don't have to talk. You can't fix the past. You're in no place to do it as he chuckles to himself. You need to let go. You need to make progress, only than can you really fix any problem. In a way, you don't have to answer to me, but at the same time I am the only person you need to answer to. It's the same way here, that it was on earth. It won't come quickly, but it will come, it will come my friend.