It was a simple day, I was driving to New York for a work confrere when it happened. I were about half way through Pennsylvania, and
I heard it start talking.

It said, "Stop! It is time for you discovered the truth. In 400 Yards, turn left."

Of course by this point I'm freaking out, my GPS just started talking to me! This thing that I have been using for years just suddenly said something that wasn't "turn left in 400 yards"... Well OK maybe it did say literally that, but it said something ELSE! Something about the truth?

So than I had to make a choice, do I turn left, or do I keep going. Blue Pill or Red. Truth or lies. Which do I choose? I need to decide!

You know screw it, I have an hour to burn, let's see what this truth is.

I continued on the road, the anticipation for what I would see burning up and killing me. What could the truth be? Am I in a simulation? Will I join the Illuminati? Will I make contact with the mole people who rule this planet? What could I possibly be.

Finally I make it the 400 yards and turn left, anxiously expecting my next directions.

"continue for 600 Yards and the destination will be on your right." It said.

The anticipation finally got to be too much. I could feel my heart pounding in my chest. all I could think is The Truth, The Truth, The Truth, over and over again. Finally I make it there and look at the building.

It is a shabby looking building with no sign on the front on the front. A complete dive. Surely this would be where the alien mole people overlords would hide their society of world domination. In the middle of Pennsylvania, in some shabby looking abandoned building.

I park my car and get out. I can FEEL my heart tearing out of my chest. I am struggling to breath now.
The Truth. The Truth. What is the Truth? What could it be? Will I be safe after learning it? Will my family be safe? My friends? Are they even real? I need to know, just open the door and we will find out!

I turn the doorknob and walk in. It looks like a run down bar. There is a man behind the bar whipping down a glass, a few people who look like they regret life drinking beers. No one is talking or making a sound, just the rough squeak squeak of the fabric on glass.

Do I really want to know the truth? These people seem to have learned and regretted it. How bad is the truth? No I have come too far, I need to know it.

I walk up to the bar, and the bar tender asks "Hey, what can I get you?"

I think for a bit. Should I just tell him that I know the truth is hidden here? Should I hint? Should I just be honest and tell him my GPS told be to come here? No that last one will make me sound crazy, I'll just hint.
"Yes, I want one Truth."

"Ah, did your GPS tell you to come here?" he says.

"Ya, so..." I think of a bit. "What do we do now? How do I prove myself worthy? Or have I already proven myself to be worthy of knowing the truth?" 

"Ah, yes, to prove that you are worthy of one truth you must spend $12.73, and show my your drivers license, and I will get out one truth." He says leaning on the bar.

I pull out my card and hand it to him. He swipes it and starts mixing drinks. I hear the swing of a door opening and a guy comes out and says "It's open, go ahead."

I run back. The Truth is directly ahead. I am so close. I am about to learn the truth. I run back and start looking around. One Toilet. A sink. A towel dispenser. And a rank smell. I start looking around. This just looks like a bathroom. No! It must be a puzzle. I need to figure it out in order to know the Truth.

I start trying everything I can. I flush the toilet. Turn on and off the sink. touch every tile. But nothing. Soon someone knocks on the door. "HEY! Your time is up in there, Get out! Others need to use this too you know!".

I hand my head in disappointment. I have failed to find the truth. I walk out and sit at the bar. Head low.

"Hey whats wrong, you seemed to excited a few minutes ago." The bar tender says as he hands me an elaborate drink.

"Well I came in here to discover the truth and I think I messed it up. I went back there to figure out the puzzle, but I just couldn't get it! Also thanks for the drink, but I still have a long drive ahead of me." I say to him.

"You came here for a truth right? You know what A truth is right?" he says.

I look at him confused and state, "Do I know what a truth is? Of course I do! It is an unveiling of how the world really works! An uncloaking of the ugly underbelly that no one really knows. it is...".

"It is this drink. This drink is called the truth. What did you think you were coming into this bar to get?" he interrupts.

"Wait... Why did my GPS interrupt my trip than. I had it set for New York. Since when do GPS' recommend bars?"

"You aren't from around here are you? In Pennsylvania it is legal to play advertisements on GPS signals, ever since that new law got passed."

----------------------Edit---------

fixing spelling