“What—what in the good Godly fuck?!” I stumble backward away from the bear.

It smirks at me, an eye brow pitched, “Pretty sure you just took the lord’s name in vain there.” A cigar oozes out from the bear’s jagged stitched crease of a mouth, followed by a deep cough which sputters up a lighter as well. “You mind if I smoke?”

My lips grasp around the edges of syllables, finding none. Shuffling off the couch, the bear bumps butt first to the carpet with a squeak, face planting immediately.

On impact, it cries, “Ow—oh fuck, that actually really hurt. That—that really hurt.” Pushing off from the floor, it rubs its face for a moment, “Don’t laugh, don’t you dare laugh, or I—I’ll turn you into a penis unicorn, and yes that is exactly what you think it is.”

I utter breathlessly, “Are—are you the actual devil?” 

“Yes I—I...” As it attempts to answer me, both tiny bear arms are reaching under the couch. The teddy sighs deeply, staring up at me, “Could you—my cigar rolled under there, and I—I don’t really like to overuse the whole ‘there’s a cigar coming out of my mouth, isn’t that super scary’ trick. I have a bad gag reflex, and so I really only have one in me per day before I start getting a bit sick to the stomach.”

“Yeah, yes, of course.” I scramble past him, my arm reaching deep underneath the couch. Dust bunnies and ancient tootsie rolls slither across the skin of my hand, fingers just reaching over the cigar. Yanking it out, I hand the cigar to the bear.

“Thank you,” it says, lighting up the end of the stogie with practiced bravado. “To answer your question, Ms. Piper McCabe,” it exhales in a plume, “I am the Devil.”

“Okay? Okay.” I scratch my head, searching for the next logical question. “Do you like—cake decorating?”

“What?” The Devil pauses, genuinely diagnosing me. “Are you making fun of me?”

“No, no, I just don’t know what to—to say, I have terrible anxiety issues!”

He shakes his head, rolling the beads he has for eyes, “I hope he’s right about you, because you’re not making a good first impression.” Scoffing, the Devil crosses the threshold of the linoleum floor of the kitchen, “Cake decorating? Kind of bloody shit is that?”

“When I get—nervous, I can’t think well, okay?” I follow him, his tiny body attempting to open the fridge door. “I don’t have any groceries, my pay check comes in tomorrow but—but I have a zip lock baggy of Swedish Fish my mom gave me if you want something to nibble on?”

“You’re just gonna suck all of the fun out of my day, aren’t you?” He says in a disdainful huff.

“I—I just broke up with my girlfriend, okay? After three years, she couldn’t even do it in person, and—and now there’s a teddy bear claiming to be the devil incarnate walking around my apartment, so excuse me if I am not handling this perfectly!” My heart is playing my ribs in an up tempo beat, rage boiling from the veins I know are pulsating at my neck.

“Don’t yell at me, I haven’t done a thing to you, I’ve been a polite and courteous house guest.” The Devil wanders away from the kitchen like a drunken toddler, walking toward my Blu-ray collection, “Good god—Avatar? Really? She’s not going to like that...”

“It was James Cameron’s—one of his best movie—“

“Well yes, if you like Pocahontas, it’s great. I’m sure you just loved the special effects, too.”

Yanking him from the floor, I scream in his face, “What do you want?!”

“My—my daughter is single, and now so are you!”

I tilt my head in confusion, although something about how I contort my face seems to disturb him. “You have a daughter?”

“Look, God—I asked if he knew anyone that would be a match for my daughter since he was in charge of creating everyone right? She just got out of a bad relationship with an angel—and you know, I told her that angels were quite full of themselves, but kids never listen.” I set him down again on the floor. He takes another drag, “God said humans were the way to go he thought, so I got the intel on you from him, and he was pretty impressed with you—thought you’d make a good match with my daughter since she’s an introvert too, you both have an unbalanced hatred of season one of Justice League, and you both like wearing yoga pants all the time while also ironically making fun of other people who wear them all the time too.”

I spit out, “Could you at least wait until the body of my relationship is cold?”

“Hey, you just be happy I waited to take you back to hell after it was over.” As the Devil mentions this, a large portal opens up. My apartment is cast in a red glow. A warm, humid wind blows out of the hellhole.

My blood runs cold, “What?”

“Yeah. Oh wait.” He waves his fist, a finger snapping sound emanating from it, and suddenly I’m wearing the most beautiful dress I’ve ever laid eyes on while holding a bouquet of a dozen roses. “Her name is Meek. Well, that’s her nickname, she likes to be called that.”

“Uhm...” Beads of sweat begin to form on my forehead. “I don’t really have a choice in this, do I?”

“Well, I mean, you don’t have to go, no. I can leave you here.” Shrugging, he adds, “But if you go, I can guarantee that my daughter is not the cheating kind. She’s young, you know, still in her early thousands—but she has a good heart.”

“I didn’t realize my ex cheated,” I murmur.

“Spoiler: You were going to have that revealed to you in a drunk phone call—eventually.” He grabs my free hand, looking into the portal deeply, “Ready?”

I give a nod, “Does she at least like Swedish Fish?”

(Sorry—typed this on my phone. Weird formatting and choppy sentences. I wanted to write something for this though! Also, I imagined John Oliver’s voice as Satan. So—yeah. Hope you enjoyed it!)