First time posting, any feedback is appreciated!


Peter sweat as he worked. The sun beat down on his back as he wiled away the hours cutting lumber, banging nails into wood, and putting finishing touches on the structure he had spent weeks constructing. Not a whisper of wind cut the stagnant muggy air, air filled with the drone of cicadas and the chirping of birds, and Peter's rhythmic hammering.

Peter climbed down from the roof of his newly minted construction, standing with hands on hips, assessing his work, an unreadable expression on his face.

For centuries Peter's home country of Arlia had been a theocracy. Religion in Arlia was not like anywhere else, however. Rather than a single god or even a pantheon of gods, the citizens of Arlia had house gods. 

Arlians rich and poor scraped together everything they could to build their temples, some monolithic and extravagant, others humble lean-to's of wood and stone. These temples were seen as abodes for their own personal gods. House gods were beings of great power who watched over a family and protected them, and were even said to grant wishes to those who were proven worthy. 

Peter's parents had never put much stock in religion. They didn't build a temple, or observe any religious rights. They were a family that relied on logic and reason to dictate their lives. They had gotten along fine thus far without a house god and sought to continue doing so. For years they had lived on their homestead in peace and quiet, far removed from the church. 

The religious leaders of Arlia, however, grew intolerant over time. They viewed the religions of neighboring countries as heresy. Blasphemy of the worst order. This led to war. The fighting carried on for decades, ravaging the countryside and killing thousands. Arlia emerged from the rubble, victorious.
With the war over, the citizenry of Arlia believed their troubles to finally be at an end. They saw an opportunity to rebuild, to resume lives that had been shattered by war. But this was not to be. 

Before the country could rebound, the purges started. Government inquisitors scoured the land, searching like bloodhounds for any whisper of sacrilege or treason. And everywhere they went, they seemed to find it in spades. Entire villages were destroyed, hundreds put to the sword. The land ran red with blood. 

Peter strode toward the entrance, stepping through the doorway into the structure he had built. Producing a candle, he sat cross legged on the floor, setting it in front of him, unlit. Peter closed his eyes, breathing deep. Remembering. 

It was a day like this when they came. Sweltering. Heat that weighed you down, and so humid it felt like you needed gills. He had been sitting with his mother and father in the grass, watching birds wheel through the air and passing time. Looking up admiring the birds as he was, Peter was the first to notice the smoke. A thin, wavy strip of black smoke hung in the air, coming from the direction of the village. 

His parents immediately told him to go into the house and Peter obeyed, sprinting off toward the house, his parents trailing behind him. As Peter got inside the sound of hoof beats could be heard coming down the road. He peered fearfully out the window, watching the riders grow closer down the narrow road, his parents standing tense in front of the house, waiting to greet them. 

The group of five riders approached the house, all except the lead rider wearing long black coats, and wide-brimmed black hats.  The man in lead wore a coat and hat of the same design, but scarlet red. He dismounted his mount smoothly, strolling up to Peter's parents, hand casually placed on the hilt of his sword. From his vantage Peter could not make out their words, but the conversation seemed to be going well. He allowed himself to let out the breath he realized he was holding, hoping that maybe this wouldn't end badly. Maybe something had happened in the village? That would explain the smoke, and they could be here to ask questions, to figure out what happened.

As Peter fought to calm his frayed nerves, the scene in the yard suddenly shifted. The man in red's sword suddenly appeared in his hand, and before Peter had any time to react the man drew the sword across his mother's neck, and then swiftly plunged the sword in his father's chest. 

"No!" Screamed Peter, shocking the group of riders into action. The man in red pointed his sword toward the house, mouthing orders to his riders who began to dismount and head toward the house.

Peter saw the man point at the house and was gripped with panic. He turned from the window, running through the house and throwing open the back door. Fleeing into the woods Peter didn't look back, didn't stop or slow for hours. Eventually he collapsed onto the ground, heaving for breath between broken sobs. His parents were gone. With them, his home and everything he had ever known. He couldn't possibly return, and the man in red and his riders had no doubt burnt his homestead to the ground. 

Sitting up in the grass, Peter focused his mind. The man in red was responsible for this. He had taken everything from him, seemingly on a whim. Peter's sadness began to form an edge. Sitting in place for hours, his resolve slowly hardened. Heated and tempered by his anger, it was honed and strengthened. The man in red would pay for what he had done. If it took his entire life, if it were the last thing he did, he would pay. 

Peter snapped from his reverie, shaking his head and coming back to reality. He withdrew flint and steel from a pocket, striking a spark and lighting his candle. 

Wandering for weeks, fleeing the destruction of his home and life, Peter had come to this place. This secluded meadow with muggy air and birdsong that so reminded him of home. 

Here Peter realized that he alone did not have the power to exact the revenge he craved. The task was to huge, the danger to great. He could not hope to succeed. But in the depths of his despair, Peter came to another realization. The very thing that lent his enemy their power, could be used to his advantage. Fighting fire with fire.

Sitting in front of the slowly burning candle, Peter inhaled deeply with eyes closed. He sat like this for long minutes, centering himself and preparing for his task. Opening his eyes, Peter spoke. "I don't know if you're actually there. But if you are, I need your help. I need a wish." Peter's words were met with silence. He looked down into his lap, clenching his fists hard. "My family was taken from me. They were murdered, right in front of me." His voice cracked as he spoke, a tear sliding down his face before dropping down onto the ground, joining a growing pool. "I know you can't bring them back. That's not what I'm asking for." Peter lifted up his head, tears flowing faster down his cheeks but hatred burning in his eyes. "I want revenge. I want to destroy the man in red. His entire church. I want him and everything he stands for rendered unto ash." The tears stopped, Peter's jaw set and his eyes like twin flames. "I will see them brought down. I will have him on his knees in front of me, so I can look at his face when I snuff out the light in his eyes." 

Peter sat for long moments after the end of his proclamation, willing something to answer. Anything. This was his last hope, and if this didn't work then all was lost. He sat like that for several minutes more, before suddenly kicking out and sending the candle skidding across the floor.
"Fine! I never believed in you anyways! I don't need any god's help, I'll find a way to do it myself. I'll avenge them without you!

Turning away Peter went to leave the temple, but as he stepped toward the threshold a massive hand slapped down onto his shoulder from behind, stopping him. The hand spun Peter around, revealing it's owner. Standing in front of him was a behemoth. The being wore a bronze helmet with a great red plume, a bronze breastplate over leather armor, and carried a great shield and spear slung on his back.
"So, it is war that you seek?" The god rumbled, his voice so deep and bass that Peter felt it as much as heard it. "Yes! I want to destroy my enemies, to kill the man that took my parents from me!" The god released Peter's shoulder, stepping back and appraising the boy. "If that is your wish, I can grant it. For I am no ordinary god." The giant god brandished his spear and shield, slamming them together as he proclaimed "I am Ares, God of War! I am the living embodiment of bloodshed and violence! I have sowed strife and death for untold millennia!"
Ares lowered his spear and shield, staring down at Peter with a bloodthirsty grin tugging at his lips. "So if it is war you wish for boy, then your wish, is my command."