It had been five days since Allarie had woken up in this muted, colourless world. The runestorm that had hit her home seemed like nothing but a dream, distant and bizarre, as did all her other memories of her home. In the deafening silence of the world around her, everything she had ever known felt so unreasonable and vivid. Almost as if it could and would never happen. “Jesus Christ, I finally caught up to you!” Her train of thought was cut short by John. He was some sort of hunter from this world. She had stumbled onto his camp two days ago, half starved and exhausted and after a meal consisting of the least flavourful stew imaginable followed by some sort of white puffy “mallow” that was the sweetest thing she had ever tasted. He had eventually agreed that he would help her find her way home, even though he seemed to have no idea how to get back to Cleavewater. Still, she remained cautious of him. As everything else in this world he was silent, and no matter how closely they walked together she couldn’t even begin to sense what he was thinking. When she reached out with her conscience to touch his, there was no reply. Still, his company was better than none, and his knowledge of this world proved very useful. “Oh Christ” He managed to squeeze out between heaves of breath, “I have no idea how the hell you can bolt through the thick forest floor like that and not even break a sweat.” “I was thirsty.” She replied, trying to hide the disappointment. When he pointed out on his non-moving map that there was a river just a few hundred meters ahead Allarie had immediately ran off in that direction. Truth was that she had hoped that a river spirit would answer her call and offer guidance. Alas, the water had been as dead silent as everything else. John sat down on a rock by the river bed and wiped away some sweat and saliva from around his mouth. He then pointed upwards. She looked where he had pointed. There was a small red bird sitting on a branch. 

Yikes! Phones running out of battery and I’m also about to head onto a flight. Maybe I’ll finish it another time.