Un-fucking-believable  

The perfect heist, well, the fourth iteration of the perfect heist, was almost complete. Nearly every bit of cash in this bank now weighed down my backpack. I hid my struggled walking as I went towards the exit.   

It was an early Tuesday morning, and there were few others inside. I figured I could be several miles down the road before anyone even thought to bring up camera footage. Of course, there wasn't any. I had made the extra effort to sneak into the security room, and it would definitely pay off.  

As I approached the door, it swung open, slamming into my face and knocking me temporarily unconscious. I awoke, thinking someone must have known, must have seen one of my many subtle movements, and alerted the authorities. But I wasn't being handcuffs.  

As the ringing in my ears ceased I heard "-nds on your head, on your fucking knees, NOW!"   

God Dammit.  

These morons had interrupted my heist with their idiotic, Hollywood-inspired attempt at a bank robbery. What is this? The fucking 30's? God, they even had ski masks.

There were four of them in total. Two had been tasked with rounding up hostages, and one was next to me, watching the door, while the man who must have been the leader approached the counter. He did the standard "put the money in the bag" routine and the teller opened the drawer.  

Her shocked expression was almost comical as she revealed a drawer full of ink-packs and a single $100 bill that I had deposited.  

The man stood there, dumb shock plastered on his face. As his rage peaked, and he began to shout at the teller, the man at the door next to me turned around to see what had gone wrong.  

I leapt up, slamming my elbow into the back of his neck and withdrew my silenced 9mm Beretta. I was done here, and I supposed I'd have to put on a display for the few people in the building.  

They were all dead before the first hit the ground, one bullet through each of their foreheads. The teller screamed as they fell to the floor, and everyone's gaze turned to the door.

But it had swung shut, and I was gone.