*click* I open the door after unlocking it, breathing a heavy sigh.  Today is my birthday, the first one without anyone.  My sister died in October, my husband died four years ago, and we've never had children due to my...  Inability.  Not that it matters to be stealth now, but I'm transgender.  Always hated my body, but those two made things much easier to bear.  I don't know why I'm sharing this, you're my vice recorder, you never respond back to me.  However, I feel I need to get this off my chest after a long few months alone.

I set my fishing pole down besides the living room table, sad I wasn't able to catch anything.  Heavens knows that table hasn't seen use since the last time I turned the oven on in 2070 to cook the last meal my husband could eat before he lost his teeth to rot.  I take my shoes off, and settle down on the living room couch.  A missed call, hmm?  I thought I disabled that phone in October.  Whatever.  I turn the T.V. on expecting to be whisked away to the world I used to dream about as a kid that's now become so much of a reality I can barely stomach it, the ability to enter the radio waves and enter a T.V. show recalls for a much happier time when I was younger and adventuring with my sister and best friends on spring break in the Rockies, and it was eventually how I ended up meeting my husband.

Oh, look, Looney Tunes is playing, how nice of them to play old episodes after having found them again in the vault.  I end up spending quite a bit of time with some of the characters I used to spend my child with, Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck, Sylvester Cat, Elmer Fudd, and so on.  The cross dressing of that rabbit was the first I had been introduced to cross dressing, something I had always wanted to do but my parents would never let me.  I let out a laugh, silly mom and dad, if only you knew how closed minded you really were...  Eventually I turn the T.V. off, smelling burning emanating from the kitchen.  It's winter, but my fireplace isn't burning...  I go in to check, happy I never had many problems walking, when there it is.  A strawberry shortcake with the numbers 90 on it.

I gasp, dropping my recorder.  I curse out loud, trying to bend with this rotten old back that has gotten so much worse after decades of working retail, and make sure it hasn't broken before going to examine it closer.  The cake's from Japan.  The same cake I ordered every year on my birthday, and my sister would pick it up for me.  But I didn't order a cake this year, and there's no way n hell my sister would be able to pick it up for me.  And yet, that inviting 90...  As if I had put it there myself, slightly into the cake but not enough to make it hard to take it out when frozen, having the saucer I put under the candles to prevent wax leaking onto the cake as I wouldn't blow them out until we had finished it.  I touch the cake, and to my surprise it's freezing.  It may be winter but I always keep the thermostat on a solid 80 degrees, it's what my husband used to love, and hell if I'm changing that now.  So why is this cake freezing?  The candles, despite being lit, aren't dripping whatsoever.  I ignored that burning smell for the past 20 minutes, assuming my neighbors had a fireplace lit.

I decide to try to eat the cake, taking a knife and plate out from the cupboard they're located in.  If it's poisoned, it's just my time to go, I'm ready to at the ripe old age of 90.  I get a glass of water (I've always been lactose intolerant) and decide to take my medicine with the cake, as some of it needs to be taken with food.  I take the estradiol last, sighing as I do so, sad they never found a more permanent method for transgender people, and start to eat the cake.  It's a small cake, just enough to feed me and my sister without us getting full, as we both have diabetes from poor health upkeep at an earlier age.  The depression does that to you.  I manage to finish the cake, and blow out the numbers one by one, which have not melted even a bit by the time I finished, while the cake always remained cold.  I laugh at them and switch them around, making it 09 before I get up, wash the dishes, put them in the dishwasher, and then starting it up before turning off the kitchen light.  8:30 huh...  I guess I went to bed a bit late tonight, but I didn't want to leave that cake alone after it had been left for me.

I wake up and yawn.  The pain is gone.  What?  I get up and look for my recorder, but it's gone.  I don't even recognize the house I'm living in.  What happened?  I go to get out of this room, and the mirror in front of my door stops me.  Am I....  9 again?  Is this my old house?  My first house?  I find this incredibly hard to believe, so I start undressing.  My head starts pounding, my hands become sweaty, I lose breath.  I'm male again.  I wasn't male for a good 60 years...  What's going on?  My asthma's back too, but thankfully an inhaler's nearby.  I take two puffs, and try to calm down and make sense of the situation.  I realize I need to lock the door before I can figure things out on my own.  I pinch myself and it hurts.  My old fish are on my desk, my old SNES and N64 are next to the old CRT tv I threw away when I got my own apartment.  Think, Lina, think, are you really 9 again?  Did you tell your parents yet?  Did they reject you yet?  You didn't move yet, so you're younger than 10...  I hear a noise, and I run to the window.  A volvo pulls into the driveway, and the front door opens.

"(*Name redacted*), we're home!  Dinner time!"  ....Is this my second chance, to do everything right this time, and live the life I've always wanted?  I set down the snes controller, and go to the top of the steps.  Coming, mom!  I have to talk to you about some things!  I call down, as I start running down the stairs, giddy as can be.



First time doing one of these please don't eat me >.>