Jane had tried everything.

Sowing, cutting, running, playing every instument, trying every sport, laboring at every profession she could get her hands on - nothing. This body was unique, able to do something so perfeclty, so elegantly and so deftly it would certainly leave her breathless. If only she could find out what it was.

She even tried having sex, in the hopes this was an obscure porn actor with a two-foot tongue. It wasn't. Usually, when you find out whatever the hell the body you got is good at, you only really control the first steps of it. The rest is more like a movie, an experience. You watch as the muscles control themselves, as the body moves from memory only, doing what it knows to do best. It was a magical experience, and, for the last five years, ever since Jane got her volleyball certificate and was eligible to the body changes, she had enjoyed every time. But not this one.

Her counterpart probably already figured it out. Sports were the first thing everyone tried - nine in every ten of the candidates for the body change were athletes. Jane's sister Eleanor once traded bodies with Lionel Messi, even. She never lost an oportunity to tell that story ever since. "Did you know he has a set of Star Wars knives? So random, right?" Jane had never been that lucky. On the last five years, she had gotten some nice stories, too, and not all of them were athletes. One was a writer, and she composed a beautiful poem that left Jane in tears. The other was a mother. Jane didn't even get to move by herself on that one - the day begun and ended in work. At the end, she was exhausted, but filled with a love so deep she couldn't even measure. And there was Aaron.

Aaron was a pianist, a beautiful young boy, with golden hair falling to his shoulders and deep, crystalline blue eyes that were always half-hidden by his hair, as if trying to cloak their beauty. Jane loved him as soon as she saw him, and even tried to photograph herself, thinking he was a model of some sort. It was only when she walked around his house and found his piano in the hall - a beautiful instrument, carved on mahogany and set in the center of the room, surrounded by cushions and chairs - that she knew what he did.

He played with such elegant simplicity Jane couldn't help but love him. His every movement was grace, composure, tenderness, almost carressing the keys as he played them. He played beautiful sonets for her, crafted masterpieces, songs she'd known all her life and songs she'd never heard before, songs of love and hate, of time, of sorrow, of despair. He played songs of spring, of fall, of winter, of summer. He played his heart out for her, and Jane listened, tears falling down her cheeks. 

Eventually they switched back. Jane wrote him a note with her cellphone number, and he contacted her. They were madly in love, ever since. He still played for her, every single night, and she felt like her life had only really begun after she heard his first sonet. 

But now she was trapped in this body, and trapped she would remain, unless she could find out whatever it was that this man was good at. She was at his house, of course. Whenever you swithed with someone, you got all of their life, for as long as it took you to figure things out. When Jane arrived the place was a mess, full of clothes lying around, dirty dishes, and the like. She had cleaned it all. In this last month, there was little Jane hadn't tried yet. And still nothing. That was freaking her out more than anything. 

Her thoughts were cut by a knock on the door. Suddenly, without her control, the body moved towards the call. Jane sighed, relieved. It was finally over. Whatever this body is good at, it's going to do it now, and I'll be free. She was more curious than ever, now. It was a knock at the door that triggered it, in the end. What could it be? Hospitality? Cooking? Well, she'd find it out soon.

The door was old, dry wood, in desperate need of repair. The hinges shouted protest at the force of the body's movement, but ultimately obliged, and let the wooden board swing open. Jane was stunned - it was Aaron outside the door. 

The body gestured him inside, gesturing like a butler. Aaron accepted, and came in, trying to find a place to sit. The body took him by surprise, closing its arm around his throat until he passed out. It then closed the door and dragged him to the basement.

Jane couldn't believe what was happening. She tried to take control of the body, tried to connect with the Main Circuit for help, tried to scream, to break free, to save Aaron. None of it helped. The body was mechanical, a programmed robot. It moved as if it had done this a thousand times before, with such perfection, such... elegance. Jane couldn't breathe. She watched.

In the end, she was back at her body. The owner of the other body hadn't taken more than a day to find out she was a volleyball player, apparently. Jane couldn't care less. Jane couldn't care at all. After what happened, she doubted she'd ever be able to sleep again. And it wasn't even the images, the sickening pictures floating around in her memory every time she closed her eyes. It wasn't the smell, either, that putrid scent of burning flesh and boiling blood. It was the sound. Over his begging, his praying, his pleading for mercy, over the sound of bones breaking and the smell of death, what had scarred Jane the most was the laughter. The maniacal, insane laughter that filled the body's lips throughout the whole thing.

She left his body feeling a joy she'd never felt before. She felt an impulse, flowing on her veins, taking over her, an impulse so strong she couldn't help it.

She laughed.