"Martin, your son", I muttered. Her face was blank at first, then a frown of confusion grew over her brow, souring her expression. Her eyes darted down to the half eaten food on the square, plastic plate in front of her, the background hum of people and phones died down. I pressed more. "Martin mum, do you know who that is?". She blinked a few times, unnaturally, a nervous tick of hers.

I remember the first time I saw that tick. We were at her favourite golf club, my father had disappeared to mingle with one of his ghastly colleagues and left us alone. I had asked her if she wanted a drink and, there it was, that flurry of blinks. A salvo of panic. She looked around and asked me to excuse her. A few agonising moments passed before she returned, eyes bloodshot, and she confessed her recent visit to the doctor. 

I heard a footstep behind me and my father was stood at the doorway. He wore a well fitting grey coat that covered over his black suit. His forced smile poorly masked the somber note in his eyes. He took a step forward, his dress shoes clacking against the solid floor. The swing of the door allowed the cacophony of scents in. Disinfectant and human bodies, both dead and alive. My father looked at me and I shook my head. 

The first time I gave him this look, we were three rooms to the right. My mother had tried to prepare herself a sandwich and cut her hand, badly. The blood still stained the grout in between the tiles of our kitchen floor. She didn't remember, but every time I visited, I could see that crimson stain and I remembered. She was haunted by a fog that descended over her, I stood atop a mountain on a clear day and all I could see were the hallmarks of my pain.

My father stepped forward and he knelt beside the bed, to the same height as my mum. She smiled and put her hands inside of his. She had such soft, slender hands. Beautifully smooth and porcelain in colour. "There wasn't any pain, I spoke with the doctors", he said. He had a thick, deep, commanding voice. My mother only looked at him and laughed. "Pain!? I only cut my hand", she laughed. "Honestly, you do over react". She looked at me and gave me a warm smile, but it was another mask. She knew something was wrong.

I felt the tears grow in my eyes and I stood up, blinking them back. I smiled and announced I needed to get myself a drink. As I turned out of the room, I saw the cards lined up on top of the radiator cover. "Condolences", "Sorry for your loss", "Thinking of you at this difficult time", emblazoned across their white and magnolia backgrounds. Flowers flanked them, their smell on top of the radiator was overpowering. Martin hated that smell, we had asked for no flowers at his funeral. He loved mum, but she wasn't kind to him. She didn't remember of course, she didn't remember much of anything any more.

\---

Sorry this got really sad, no tears pls.