     Lucy’s eyes were focused on the pitch black sky, which seemed to be endless until it was greeted by a big green and blue planet. The sky was also littered with some scattered stars seemingly taking on no real pattern. She could see her faint reflection in the glass separating her from what would be death to walk on without their “landsuits” as they called them. She had blue eyes and very pale skin, with long, very long blonde hair. Lucy thought to herself, “why me?” This was a normal thought in her oval-shaped head. “Why me?” She thought, “Why am I so unlucky to have been stuck on this rock? With this mom? This dad? Ugh.” Lucy has a history of being sweet, but quiet. What they didn’t know was that in reality, she’s just really good at hiding her true nature. 
     When Lucy turned 4, she arrived at the first stop of many in the dull chain of memories she carries. Her mother, Heather Dawson, also known as “Ginger” for her incredibly red hair, looked down at the sitting Lucy with an incredibly wide smile, saying (in a manner which seemed to hint that she still saw her as an infant) “look at herrrr, finally four!!! Who’s going to open her presents right now? You are!!!” Lucy noticed a lot of people around her, which intrigued her. The entire colony of PRISMA-18 (apparently the inspiration behind this title was nothing more than something to do with the Prince hit, Purple Rain and the order at which it had came to be) had gathered around to see the infamous cosmic botanist power couple, Jimmy “Jim” Dawson and Heather “Ginger” Dawson’s child experience her 4th birthday. She didn’t know this, and she did not care, because at that moment her mind lit up at the words “open” and “present.” There were plenty of gifts, most of them imported from the mother planet, and wrapped or packaged in various patterns. They let her discover the treats inside of the gift bags, but anything that was wrapped, they opened for her. The last thing they gave Lucy was a memento from her parents’ arrival on the the planet, a leather-chorded necklace with a moon rock on the end of it. Through all the gifts, and even after her parents gave her this object of love, she definitely remembers feeling absolutely nothing. Lucy still smiled though, and clapped, and laughed, and everybody celebrated this amazing milestone in this little girl’s life. 
     She was still staring out the window. She moved her hair behind her ears with her thin fingers. Staring out that window is all the connection she ever feels to her mother planet she would never be able to go to. Her parents told her when she was 7 that they were cursed, and that going to the mother planet was forbidden. She despised them for giving her this hard truth, but  pretended to understand by giving a nod of approval. They always seemed to fall for her charade. 
     The only thing she seemed to fantasize about at that age was roaming the plains on top of a horse, and finally feeling the warmth of the sun’s rays as they hit the skin. She even thought about the beach, and wondered what the waves felt like. Perhaps, the only abnormal thing she fantasized about at that age was hunting. She felt drawn to killing for sport. As she grew up, she grew more bitter that she could not leave, and more bitter that someone as smart as her was stuck on this planet. She was the smartest in her class, after all. Even smarter than Tony Espinoza, the astrophysicist’s kid. She had always had A’s, and throughout her 18 years of life she only got a B on one test. That test was civilized colony history. Go figure. 
     Incidentally, the hunting fantasy grew more vivid. She often had dreams of running fast through the woods she had seen in books and movies, and snatching up wild animals with nothing but her will and her mouth. Perhaps that’s why when she was 12c her family dog, a German Shepherd names Sniffles, had apparently died by somehow getting out of the colony living areas, and onto the big ole moon. 
     At the age of 14, she began challenging her sweet loving mother, but only in the most calm way possible. She never raised her voice or seemed upset when she didn’t hear what she wanted to hear, but inside the turmoil and frustration was only building. “I’m going to leave this planet one day” she would think, “no matter what it takes.” When she turned 16, she made that thought a pact with herself.
     “I’m going to leave this planet one day, no matter what it takes.” She thought to herself. She began to give a Mona Lisa smile while staring out that window. She began thinking of what she had read about her people. “We can never truly live here.” She looked at her faint reflection, and her smile grew larger, until it was something out of a horror movie. She began to whisper to herself, “we’re not cursed, mother. We’re gifted.” She looked behind her, and began to let out a mischievous chuckle. Behind her lay Ginger, her mother, dead faced down in a pool of her own blood, and a butcher knife next to her. She stopped laughing as she heard someone walking closer to her room. “Honey? Sweetheart? Is everything okay? I thought I heard screaming or something..” It was her father, Jimmy. Jimbo. She began walking toward her door, quietly, and did not answer her father yet. She had to be ready. She grabbed the bloody butcher knife she had used against her mother, and stood next to the door. She was going to try to flank her left. She felt ready. “Everything’s okay. You can come in dad.” She felt a rush inside of her, for once, she felt something real inside. As the door began to open, she was thinking to herself, while wearing that hideous, warped smile. “I’m going to leave this planet, today. No matter what it takes.” 

((OC: sorry for any grammar, spelling or formatting issues. I used mobile and I do not know how to change font boldness or italicize or anything of the like. I hope you like my story!))
  