It's amazing what you can do with a doodle. I've no idea why I'm thinking that, though. There is a part of my classroom that has been transformed into literal fire and brimstone. And I'm thinking about my doodles. 

Well, let's just say I *loved* doodling. I also loved sneaking into my father's study and trying to read his old books, but that's not really relevant. I don't think.

Penmanship could have been my thing, but I found writing out words to be so *boring*. I didn't care about the words, and I was never that great at stringing them together... it was the shapes that really captivated me. And the glowing. See, my doodles always glowed. Like, why wouldn't they, or at least that's what daddy said. They glowed like my personality, but that's just how dads are, right? He probably thought it was just a trick of the light like everyone else.

The moment I removed my pen or marker from, whatever it was I was drawing on, it would flicker. Just a little bit, and never very long. Sometimes in different colors, too. Sometimes in sparkles, and sometimes in... something else. I didn't understand the ones that didn't flicker... but they would sometimes just disappear. That was always really, really annoying. 

^(*"wh... ve... do..."*)

As I was saying... Sometimes when I sort of knew what I was going to doodle, it would get hard to drag my pen across the page. Like I remember this one time I was drawing on a wall during recess, I couldn't make this curve. Just, would not let me. My teacher found me hanging from the wall from my pen, giggling like a mad woman. 

I was six and thought it was just the funniest thing... but then she saw the flicker when she pulled me off. And she stopped working at the school after that. Ms Anderson's face looks like that now, actually. So does Olivia's... everyone's face looks like hers now. Everyone's.

^(*"ho... rele... me"*)

Okay, so, back to the doodling thing. So today I was just super, super mad. I really thought Danial had a thing for me, but then I saw him making out with the new girl. Mom yelled at me again about my homework, and it's just felt like this whole week the teachers have been on my case about every little thing. I was really looking forward to home ec; make a cake, decorate it to look awesome, and of course the best part, eating it.

I was telling Olivia all this while putting on this cute little thing of icing around the edge of our cake. It was *beautiful*. Lots of little swirls, thick & thin lines crossing over one another. And like I like to do when I'm angry, I was doing my doodle that makes it really, really, reeeallly hard to get the line across. Olivia's seen me like this... she knows not to bug me. But she still got worried... I was sweating, a. lot. She had to hold the cake in place a few times.

Olivia was the first person to take her eyes off the smoking hole in the wall when she got my attention. "Ava... the... cake" 

I looked at it, too. That, my friend, is some lovely, lovely work. Beautiful, deep, glittery purple coating. Olivia did this amazing flower in the center. And the glowing design on the edge... I don't think I've ever made my doodles in a loop like that, but I really out did myself.

It's still glowing.

*"...hy"*.

The hole is still there... chunks of the wall aren't just gone, they've been replaced. Probably a number of kids lockers, too. Oooh, if one of those was Danial's, I'm going to be so happy. Also, there's a thing in the middle. Everyone is staring at it... except Olivia now. Oh, and Mark... who's staring at the cake now, too. ... why can I see who's behind me?

They all look so terrified... just like my first grade teacher.

But... you knew that, didn't you? You're in my head now... reading my thoughts. I don't want you here, either, y'know. You are not helping any with all that ...screaming. Screeching? I don't know. It's giving me a headache.

Annnd now everyone else screaming, too. If you're going to stay, can you at least tell me something? 

Why are you looking at me like that?