She blinked.
“What?”
The entity sighed, or as much as an indistinct fuzzy blob could sigh.
“The demons need to be exercised. I’ll take you to them, just agree. You’ll be paid as much human money as you desire, in any currency.”
“Uh... okay,” she replies, not one to turn down indistinct entities. She was fairly new to this field, but so far all she’d done was burn calming fumes as peoples’ houses and feel odd presences following her around. She’d never even gotten so far as to think of exorcising demons. It couldn’t be that hard, right?
“Just let me get some things,” she said, starting to turn.
“You won’t need anything.”
And then everything vanished. Her house, the earth, herself, gone. Then she reappeared, in a dark, dingy tunnel underground. Disoriented beyond anything she had experienced, she puked on the ground.
The entity waited until she was done.
“Follow me,” it said, and then started down one end of the tunnel. She wondered what she’d gotten into, but followed.
They came to a wide room full of cages that growled and snarled. Or rather, the things in them did.
“Umm...” she said, not sure she could actually exorcise all these. But then the entity produced a leash. Attached to it was a collar. It marched up-or glided, possibly- to one of the cages, opened it,  wrestled with the thing to clamp the collar around its neck, and dragged it over to her.
Exercise. Not exorcise. Damn.
The entity dropped the leash in her hands. Immediately the thing sat on the ground, and stopped growling. Without a word, the entity vanished.
And she was left alone with something that resembled a cross between a great dane, crocodile, and a an insect.
It had six legs, a slender head and neck that resembled the dane, and the teeth and tail of a crocodile, except the tail was thinner. It was covered in matted black fur, except the tail. Spikes ran down its spine and sharp claws protruded from its oddly shaped paws.
And it was just sitting there, looking at her.
“Follow me, boy,” she said, not really sure if it was a boy or not. The thing cocked its head at her.
“Girl?” The thing thumped its tail on the ground. “Okay. Come on then, want some exercise?”
The thing’s tail thumped again, like a dog’s. It stood up its long body, and shook itself like a dog out of water. What she hoped wasn’t blood sprayed from its coat. She turned and started to walk around the room, and the thing followed her. Other caged demons howled at them, but she ignored them. Her demon growled at them once, but she sharply told it to not start anything. It quieted after that.
Somehow, she had some level of control over them. So she started to run. The demon followed, keeping pace with her. They ran around the room two or three times before she decided they could explore the tunnels around them. She entered one, different than the one she entered in, and for a while they saw nothing of interest.
Then the ground dropped away on the right and they were on a high ledge above a lake of lava.
Then they were past that and the ground fell away on the left, revealing a bed of miles-thick ice. No one seemed to be here, though.
They jogged around for maybe a few minutes, maybe an hour; time was abstract here. Nevertheless, she returned the dog/crocodile/insect demon to its cage, and brought out another.
She ran them all over the tunnel system, always being able to find her way back.
And then, the last one.
This one was different. It was huge, for one, and its eyes bespoke the intelligence of self-awareness. It seemed to peer into her soul, so much that for a few minutes or an hour she was drawn into its gaze and unable to move. But then the first demon snarled, and the last demon broke eye contact to snarl back.
Shaken, she still came at the demon with the leash. It backed into the cage.
“Come here,” she said, and it growled at her. She blinked. She’d never had a problem with any of the others. “Come here!” she said, more forcefully. It grumbled but obeyed.
She started to put the collar on it but noticed how much it seemed to hate it. She wasn’t sure what had happened to this thing to make it hate the collar unlike the others, but she felt bad about putting it on.
She tossed the collar and leash aside. The demon looked up at her.
“Will you run with me, please?” she said, guessing at what needed to be said. She suspected this demon was in the same intelligence range as a human, subjected to the life of a simple brute. The demon gave a single, giant nod.
She turned and started to run. The thing came after her, for a second instilling fear in her heart before it simply came alongside her.
It had four legs, and instead of fur was covered in black scales everywhere on its body. It had the head of a snake on the end of a long neck, except that instead of two eyes on either side of its head, had one more in the middle, and its jaw was thicker than a snake’s, its head less flat and more rounded. It had long legs that ended in dragon-like paws, a long and muscular body that looked dinosoar or lizard-like, and a long tail that ended in long spikes. Various spikes also protruded from its body, in seemingly random places. Its ears were simply holes on either side of its head. It was about twice as tall as she was.
As it ran beside her, she found herself asking it questions. It answered with grunts and scrapes of claws against the ground, that she thought she could understand.
At the end, the entity came back. She had not yet put the last demon back in the cage.
“You have done your job. Now leave. You will be paid.”
The demon beside her snorted. She looked at it.
“I want to be paid in demon,” she told the entity. She thought the demon beside her looked surprised and confused.
“What does that mean?”
“You said I could be paid in any currency I wanted. I want this demon,” she said, placing her hand on its side. The entity thought about it.
“Whatever. You can have it. It never follows orders anyway.”
And then they all vanished, with her and the demon reappearing in her house.
“You okay with the decision I made?”
The demon nodded.
“I am,” it said, its voice low and gravely as if from not being used for years. She gasped.
“You can speak?”
“It had been so long I forgot how. But now, with you speaking to me today, I remembered.”
“Wow. Well, you hungry?”
“Very.”
And she went to the kitchen to cook up a meal for them both.

=The End=