"No, no of course not!" The Dr smiled warmly, "silly of me, I just assumed."

He shook a few of the pale blue pills into his hand. "Now these are just your standard first line treatment for schizophrenia. Should hush those voices right up and put paid to any nasty hallucinations too." 

"I haven't had any, and I'm just hearing this one voice. Is that normal?"
My voice was steady but at the mention of possible hallucinations my heart had started to race. I have a terribly active imagination. Not to boast, but I'd bet my hallucinations would scare the shit out of your hallucinations. So I'm really relieved I've not had any. Yet.

"Perfectly normal, I've seen several patients like you and trust me, this treatment is very effective if taken correctly." The Dr smiled again. He had a fatherly way about him. The sort of family Dr you grow up with, pillar of the community type. Someone you can trust.

'Are you sure about that?'

She was back. The sultry, sarcastic tormentor. I had wondered when she'd make an appearance. She'd been mercifully silent up til now. 

A few seconds had passed since the doctor last spoke, he stared at me expectantly. 

"Well thank you doctor, how often should I take them?" I accepted the pill bottle and checked the label but could not read his scrawl. Do they all have a med school semester where they're taught how to write like chimpanzees?

She snorted at this thought. I'll give her that, she's a pain but she's got a sense of humour.

"You can take your first dose now, it's 2 pills. Down the hatch and you'll be better in no time!"
I wasn't expecting this, I feel I should know more about them before I start chucking them down my neck.
The doctor seemed to notice my hesitation, his beaming smile flickered for a second.
"There's some water for you on the side there." 

'Have you wondered', her voice asked, slinking into my head, 'why a doctor is dispensing his own drugs, shouldn't he have given you a prescription to fill?' 

Damn. She was right. I lower the glass of water from my lips.

Something had changed. The doctor was suddenly uncomfortable, his eyes darting around the room.

'Maybe its not the best idea to take drugs to silence me. You don't seem very good at making decisons on your own.' 

Ding ding, she was dead right again. 

I can't believe I was about to take them there and then. The two pills were still in my hand. I dropped them.

"Please, please Sarah. Just let me take them." The doc's voice was pleading, his eyes were filling with tears.

'No', it's her voice but this time it came out of my mouth.

I regain control. 

"What do you mean, let **you** take them?" I gritted my teeth and managed to spit the words out, but I could feel her trying to wrestle back control of my mouth. 

He was sobbing. It was hard to look at, he had seemed so composed just a few seconds ago.

"You were always my ally. Ever since I was a child you were there, by my side." 
As he said this I could see him at four years old. We were playing hide and seek. He was calling my name and I didn't decide to appear until the very last second, when he was crying the way he is now. Desperately, beyond all hope. Hide and seek was a very unfair game to choose, I had the indisputable advantage.

"I don't want you to leave, I really don't but when the voice in your head starts hearing voices of their own, surely that's not right?" 

'He doesn't want you to have autonomy. Typical man.' She seethed.

"I'm scared Sarah. It's not like it was before. I think ... I think I need help".

"But, I don't understand Richard. Nothing you're saying is making sense." My head has started to pound. She's banging mercilessly on the door, insistent to be let out.

"You never remember anything. We've been through this so many times before", he sighed.

He's wrong, as he says this I hear him say iterations of these same resigned words. I see my hands overflowing with blue pills. I am capable of remembering, it just takes a while to get things straight. 

'If you let me talk to him', she whispers, 'I can make him change his mind. He created you but you created me. Surely that proves you have surpassed being a mere figment of his imagination?'

I'm at a loss. She's not wrong but that doesn't change that my best friend is on his knees in front of me and I don't know how to help him.

I want to help him.

I pick the bottle back up off the floor.

I'm sorry, if I do this I'm pretty sure we will both cease to exisit.

'I know.' Her voice is different now, kinder and almost gentle. 
'Just so you know, we're on the same side really.'

I'm not sure about that, you're always coming up with some snide comment to confuse or torture me.

'Well,' she smirks, 'perhaps you just need to get used to being self aware.'






She's not some otherworldy voice. 


She's just ... me.


But I am just Richard and he is suffering so much. Now I look closer I can see this doctor's office is run down beyond repair. Of course, he lost his practice years ago, another thing I'd forgotten. A closer look at the bottle shows the prescription was made out to Richard Shanks. 

That's me too. That's all of us.

I take two pills and feel the weight of consciousness be lifted from me.


~~~~


I feel like I made her commit suicide. The guilt is sickening, she was the only person who was always there for me and I forced her to leave. I keep almost seeing her again, a dart of a shadow just out of sight. Then I look closer and there's nothing, just the absence of her.

I'm glad to be getting well but the cost seems so high. Maybe I'll call Jim next week and ask him if I can do some of that hospital porter work he mentioned. Good man Jim, all my other friends are long gone but at least one friend (and a non-imaginary one at that) from the medical community didn't shun me after that horrible episode. And he was so kind to get me that refferall to the private mental health specialist as well. 

That reminds me, I should really take today's dose now before I forget.

'No need, you took them this morning.'

Did I? Did I really ...

