I'd always known that everybody has a special gift, and I was practically preached that when I was little. I knew that my mom's was to somehow always have people open up to her, even though she didn't like social outings. My dad's was to always make food that was shitty to everybody but him.I didn't know what mine was until I was in middle school. My parents saw it when I was little; it's to always empathize with those around me.

As for how exactly I found out, I went and saw the Vietnam Memorial Wall.

Everybody's emotions overwhelmed my head, like a symphony. I didn't know how everybody was handling this, and me being me, I thought everybody had these “visions”.

Now, they weren't something I could see, but more like what you would think of when you think of schizophrenia- with all the voices- but only with emotions. Thinking that this was a standard thing for people to bear, I didn't want anybody to know what I was feeling. I tried my hardest not to even feel any emotion that couldn't be shown on my face up until that point.

I was too overloaded with everything to even stand on my feet. I just sat down and curled up in a ball. I was on a school trip, so of course the teacher came over to comfort me. All I said was a vague “it's too many people,” and I was both referring to the vision and the wall.

When we got back on the bus, all of my friends had to ask me “hey, you okay?” or “what happened back there?” I didn't tell anybody but my closest friends the truth. Thats when I realized that not everybody could hear the emotions of others.

Now that I have grown up, gotten a job, had a beautiful family, I have mastered my gift. I make video games for a living. Ones based on people who have survived the worse, and lived to tell about it (e.g.,holocaust survivors, war vets, ect).

The cool(if it can even be considered cool) part about me is I can still feel somebody's emotions through writing or a video. Through that, I've somehow truely trapped the emotions feltin the game.

I've now made millions off of showing how truly terrible such events were. The best part is: I only kept 1% of all revenue. The rest of it went to a charity to support those of us who have something going down that should never be wish upon a worst enemy.