Sleek silver spacecraft dotted the dimming skyline like crushed peppercorn sprinkled over water. Their shapes were practically indistinguishable by their sheer number and velocity. 

Command Master Chief Petty Officer Ryan Fields stared upon the decrepit ancient city of R'lyeh with a wary eye. The structure of the island was contradictory and unpleasing. The was a strange electric and apprehensive atmosphere on the island and he thought if he should stay here long enough he would surely go mad. He had lost half his damn fleet just attempting to make it to the island, on the  Master Chief Petty Officer's orders. The orders were clear - this was not humanity's last hope. There was no hope. 

This was vengeance. 

The warships had arrived unannounced and by the thousands in some sort of quantum stealth shield that had gone undetected by radars, and blitz attacked Earth's superpowers. In synchronized unison Washington D.C., Moscow, Beijing, New Delhi, Paris and London all fell to the unstoppable extra terrestrial force. 

They had made no offers to negotiate or requests for surrender, and had made no prior contact. They had simply arrived, intent on destroying humanity. 

There was no hope. Human forces were not prepared for such a massive assault and, even if they had been, could not match or defend against the technological advantage of the enemy arenal. The swift fleet of the alien armada disintegrated opposing military forces, destroyed buildings and ballistics with hypersonic missiles, shutdown entire nations' electronics with EMP waves, and flooded the streets of raided cities with weaponized drones.

They ate through any and every line of defense like a plague of locusts and then moved onward to the next helpless populace in their path.

CMDCM Fields stared at the strange algae-covered statue with growing anxiety and dismay as foamy waves of green seawater broke against the rocky surface of R'lyeh. He had no idea how to do what his commanding officer has asked of him in his dying breath. 

The Master Chief Petty Officer of the Navy's last contact with Fields was right after Okinawa was attacked. He had been stationed there overseeing drills in preparation for the North Korea crisis. Fields remembered how MCPON Giordano had screamed over the radio, as the percussion of explosions echoed in the background. "Fuck it! Summon Cthulhu! Do you understand? 47°9′S126°43′W."

The MCPON was in the middle of repeating the coordinates when the transmission cut out. Okinawa had fallen to the alien horde. 

Ryan Fields felt himself being pulled toward the statue, and felt a deep longing to touch the replica of the eternal creature and feel its damp, cool surface. He didn't so much as want to; on a personal level he found he needed to. He approached the strange humanoid creature that resembled both an octopus and a dragon and felt a humming vibration inside his head. He placed his hands on either side of the thing's tendrilled face, as his Petty Officers watched in awe.

"*Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn.*" Fields whispered as his body tensed and pulsated. 

Suddenly, CMDCM Fields felt a wave of knowledge erupt throughout his skull. An impossible current of ancient and powerful secrets obliterated his mind and lapsed synapses as they passed through. He had gone insane moments before he stopped breathing, but it might well have been an eternity of damnation with the vision of what ancient evil he had just summoned burned into his mind. 

Beyond the island, enormous tidal waves began to thrust and swell in an outward motion, devouring the remnants of the 5th fleet that had come to R'lyeh. The surface of the ocean became permeated with dead marine and deep sea creatures, as their inferior brains collapsed at the sight of the Great Old One.

Slowly, Cthulhu awoke from aeons of its death-like slumber and rose from the deepest and darkest depths of the ocean, bringing dread and terror to Earth's surface with it. It's sleek, bulbous green skull rose first, followed by enormous piercing cosmic red orbs, then innumerable tentacles larger than the ships that had sunk under its ascension.

Some of the seaman screamed as they witnessed the Great Old One. Many simply dropped dead from the implosion of their reality as CMDCM Fields had done. Others threw themselves into the sea. Above, the alien warships began to plunge from the sky like dead flies as their pilots went insane. Spacecraft crashed all around the Great Dreamer and the mind of every living thing that witnessed Cthulhu collapsed into madness under the sheer power of its existence. 

And Cthulhu laughed. 