We had arrived, to sit in orbit, of this strange blue and green planet. We had stayed there for two of the planets quick orbits around its star. I grew bored of waiting and watching. I was an explorer, I preferred to get down on a planets surface and start setting up camp for those who waited on ship. But first we had to verify the planet was safe. And with as many biomes that we could see from here, it was going to take a while. 

Sure, everyone knew that most stars had a "habitable zone", but most planets fell on either the inner or outer part of that zone, or only fell in it during part of the planet's rotation around its star. Of the other discovered planets, so nicely tucked in the heart of the habitable zone, most had axises so tilted that the polar north was a fiery desert, and the southern, a chilled barren waste.  Those were easy enough to determine where to land, the middle ground having a small band of life. 

This planet though, was different, hardly any tilt to its axis at all, just enough to give it a cute little wobble. Small enough to only have attracted one orbiting body in the eons since its surely fiery birth. That in itself was strange. This world seemed to have a symbiotic relationship with its satellite. The planet pulled the satellite along with it around its orbit, while the satellite seemed to affect the watery bodies that the planet seemed to be mostly composed of. This planet also had an exorbitant amount of flotsam jettisoning around just outside its highest layer of atmosphere. That had caught the attention of the ship's scientists. They measured and counted, trying to determine how long those metal pieces had been floating there, for they were most unnatural. It was obviously for communications, as we had started receiving radio signals well before we had crossed the asteroid belt in the middle of the solar system.

It was close to the end of the planets second rotation that they had seen another piece launched from the planet's surface. The higher ups had had everyone on high alert for hours, for they were sure we were under attack, but we watched, this tiny little ...ship? make its way to the satellite, land, and leave again after less than one of the planets daily rotations. 

It was at this point a delegation from the Council was arranged. They had studied the languages broadcast (there had been so many for such a small planet!) and learned the three most dominant. I was excited, we had known the planet was inhabited by a species sentient enough to propel this strange objects just outside of their atmosphere, but we were unsure if they were capable of leaving the planet themselves. The Alliance had forbidden contact with species that had yet to achieve space flight. Of course, my job was still needed, for we had protocol to follow, and when meeting new species we liked to do so in an environment they felt safe in. 

I went to the scientist I knew best and asked where they thought I would be landing, and they shook their puzzled head. They had figured that the species on the planet would have congregated on the most moderate temperatures areas of the planet, but their findings had read that the species was on every continent! even the one made of ice. Sure there were plenty of ice living species, but most of them overheated withing a 5 degree temperature increase. But the hottest recorded temperatures on this planet had been 56 degrees in one of its deserts. The coldest -88. No other known species had that high of range of survivable temperatures. So I went to my commander. He decided that I was to choose a location closest to our home planets climate. We were from an arid grassland, so I chose a location in the lower middle location of the continent with a tail connecting to the lower continent. 

As I took my ship and supplies I took a long entry into the atmosphere. My ship did most of the piloting, so I took advantage to look closely at the land that I traveled over. Look! There were glaciers! And there! A jungle! A desert! As I made my final approach to the set landing site, I was going to have so much fun exploring this planet! The HUD on my screen recorded all green settings, air, temperature, humidity, all in acceptable ranges for my body. I would only need my one suit to start with. So caught up with unpacking my exploration tools, that when I opened my hatch, I stood shocked at what stood before me. Hundreds of bipedal pale things. Pointing metal looking sticks at me, shouting. 

I was confused. We were cloaked, we had had no reason to think they had detected us. We had been orbiting them for two years, without any sort of communication. We should had reached out to them, once our base (the one I was supposed to be setting up) was established. But apparently, they had known, and were ready and waiting for me. 