\--- preamble ---  
The machine sounded different from the inside. There wasn't the usual sound of the rotating stabilisers whirring down, instead I was greeted by the piercing alarms warning of my scheduled arrival. This was all normal of course; I had vanished when the machine reached its critical velocity, and reappeared in the same place 12 hours later. so my perspective from the inside was completely expected. I, Beth Middler, had just time travelled. 

I took a deep breath. Check.   
I examined my fingers and toes. Check and check.   
Following protocol, I stood up and stretched, and began a number of mental exercises. Everything seemed aces. 

Then I noticed that Greg wasn't looking me over like protocol mandated. I checked the large clock on the wall for the time and confirmed the timestamp 2018-08-02-0030-UTC. I'd arrived exactly on schedule.

\--- The good bit ---  
I climbed out of the machine and found Greg fallen off his chair by the control panel. He was motionless, and had a small amount of dried blood trailing from his eyes ears. I shouted his name and crouched to check his vitals, then I shouted again for help. I couldn't feel a pulse. 

Then I realized that I hadn't heard any response. In fact, the lab was unnaturally silent. I stepped around the next row of desks to find three more technicians on the ground in the same state. My heart pounded, and my mind raced for an explanation. 

As I looked around the room I finally noticed the writing on the wall. The word "SORRY" was scratched out with a thick sharpie, on the wall facing the opening of the time machine. Under it, was my dear husband, surrounded by soaked tissues, and with the same dried blood. What was he even doing here? He didn't even have clearance to enter the building! 

I dropped to my knees beside him and wailed. I cried there, screaming for help for what felt like an eternity.

On the ground next to him was a binder, with the large printed words "BETH, READ ME". Inside it was a hand-written note by my husband:  
"If you had known, you wouldn't have done it."

I lifted the note and read the title on the document the binder contained. 

"CLASSIFIED OPERATION: CONTINGENCY #2. TIME TRAVEL AS A MEANS TO CROSS THE EVENT HORIZON.  
If physicist Nick Halter is correct in his analysis of the electromagnetic event predicted to occur August 1st, 18:13 UTC; it will mean the end of all sentient life on the planet, killing anything with a brain mass over 0.1 grams. Because the scientific council does not agree with Harter's findings; it is their recommendation that these findings be kept from the public to avoid unnecessary panic, and that the scientific community takes only minor contingency to preserve the human species in the event that his predictions are correct. 

Given Dr. Beth Middler's recent advancements in the field of time folding; it may be possible to send a human forward to a point in time after the catastrophic event predicted by Nick Halter and his team. Unfortunately, the current iteration of Dr. Middler's machine can only accommodate a single biological form, so our recommendation would be to send a single impregnated woman. 

Because of the sensitive nature of Nick's findings, and the unlikely outcome; this contingency plan should be kept absolutely secret. The selected candidate need not be caused any unnecessary concern."