"I have a confession to make. I was born with knowledge of a secret. A secret that will lead to the end of the world if not revealed. Unfortunately I was  also born with the knowledge that when I revealed this secret, verbally or otherwise, I would die. My mother died so many years ago moments after telling me her last words, the words she had known from the moment she was born to be her last.

"It's some kind of family trait apparently. Knowing the very last thing you'll say before you die. So I waited, for hundreds of years even, not wanting to say my last words. Not wanting to die. It didn't matter *when* I said it, right? As long as I said it before it was too late. Besides, as far as I know none of my relatives are alive today. They have to have said it eventually, for one reason or another. And so will I.

"It's kind of funny. There's this huge secret that hundreds of people have died to cover up, yet I just get it. Like that, for free. I got it just for being born. I wonder sometimes, if I was in an alternate universe, where I didn't *know* my last words, would they still be the same? I think so. The question is, how would I know the secret? Would I be some kind of secret agent, uncovering this and telling the world right before being killed? That sounds way cooler than I have ever been. Of course, I *have* done some detective work in this universe too. Just to fact check those last words of mine. But nothing nearly as cool as alternate universe me. Anyway, where was I?

"I have always known I'll have to say these words eventually, otherwise I'll never die. Probably somewhere within a normal human life span, judging by the family record. My biggest fear is that after saying these words, nothing will happen and my life will continue as normal. I can't say it in any other way either. The specific words don't really matter as much as the meaning behind them. I was honestly a bit scared that just mentioning a secret that means the end of the world would mean the end of my life, and that I would be dead before telling the actual secret.

"You know what, scratch what I said earlier. My biggest fear is *definitely* dying. And that's how I, even while seeing the state of the world become worse and worse, have not yet said those words. I don't want to die. It's as simple as that. I'm a coward. I thought to myself, again and again, 'It's going to get worse before the world ends. I can live a bit longer before revealing my secret. It can't hurt too much'

"After what happened today though, I'm not so sure I was right in doing what I did. All those people, dead, and it's all my fault. I could have stopped it. Should have. And I just want to say to all of you who lost people close to you today that I am sorry. I lost people too. The people most important to me died, and it's my fault. Now I'm almost as terrified of *not* dying as I am of dying. What if they know about me already and plan to stop me. What if it really is too late. So now, without further ado, here I-"

My sentence is interrupted as a body covered from head to toe in some kind if armour rams through my door straight into me. I scream as my chair falls over and breaks under the weight if me and my attacker, reaching for my radio. It can't end this way. The world needs to know. The end can be prevented, if only I can speak one more sentence into that radio.

But the device is out of my reach. However... it is still broadcasting. If only I can make myself heard over the noise of these people. If only...

Blood runs from my neck where a knife is stabbed through it, severing my vocal chords, among other things that would usually be vital to survival. I won't die though. Not yet. I won't die. That doesn't come as a relief to me, as it always has. Postponing death. My body goes limp as the floor is stained red. I barely register my attacker binding my arms and legs before passing out.

Still, I won't die yet. My last word were never said, and now it won't matter when I say them. It will already be too late.