Mandallar looked at the infant with a mixture of disgust and awe. 

“How *that* came out of you will never cease to amaze my fires.” He grumbled to tiny Violet. He sighed and used his claws to pick through the wrappings before cleaning Violet and redressing her. 

The bookwyrm had been greatly amused when the soldier had appeared with the wee bundle. It had been a millennium since he had needed to steal a princess to show off his might and he had taken retirement seriously; only leaving his glade for new shipments of books. He sighed. “I’ve never had one as young as this before.”

~*~*~

Violet was crying. He shook his head. He still didn’t understand humans and especially his Violet much less. This time she was upset that the great dragon had been burned when he went to collect......steal his monthly tribute of books. 

“It’s just a wee burn Violet!” he protested “it didn’t do anything to me. I can’t even feel it!”

His princess, all of 12 years old, frowned up at him. “Then let me get the salve on it you great foolhardy wyrm!” she cried. “They’re hurting you to get to me after all; the least you could do is let me tend it.”

He sighed as he stretched out his wing to allow her to clamber aboard and tend the burn welt between his huge back spines. “Yes Princess”, he growled, not without affection. 

“Maybe it was a mistake teaching you to read...”

~*~*~

“Mandallar, I’m 20 now  and as such I’m leaving the glade” 

He frowned at Violet. “You’re still a pup, a mere child...MY child, I might add. You’re not going anywhere.”

She stamped her foot. “They come after me to get to you. It’s safer for you if I leave and make my own way in the world. My kingdom is in ruins and you’ve taught me all you can. I must take my place as ruler. Which means I must leave.”

Mandallar looked at his charge with pride. Yes. It was time. He had finally fulfilled the charge the soldier had laid on him when he had stumbled into his glade those 19 years ago. 

“Don’t let her become her father...” he had gasped. “Don’t lead her down the path of evil great wyrm. It’s said you’re the most intelligent creature in the land. Teach her to be good.”

Mandallar stared Violet in the eye, his great golden orb whirling gently as he regarded her. He sighed. “Silly princess,” he grumbled “do you think I will let you leave me so soon? I am your closest friend. You will need me.” 

He stretched his neck downward so she could climb aboard. “My princess, let’s go win back your kingdom” he rumbled. Standing his full height he left his glade. Onward to adventure. Mandallar’s crest frilled. Finally he’d be a part of the book.

The End 