
Cyanide tablet and burned bodies was the cover story.  This lie was told to avoid having copy cats. The truth is much more gory. 

Hitler's rise to power was not organic.  Nor, was his hatred of Jewish citizens.  I am sure many of you know of Hitler past as a failed painter.  This isn't the whole story.  

I had a brilliantly tragic plan that honestly caused more harm than good.  Original there wasn't a third reich.  I had to go back In time to kill France Ferdinand (in the original time line there was political tension between many countries in the early 20th century,  eventually settling before any large conflict occurred).  When I killed Ferdinand this caused a chain reaction which lead to the  rise of Hitler. 

Although I should also include that the execution wasn't the first time I interacted with Adolf. In his early adolescence I popped into his time line on a few occasions.  One one visit I introduced him to the arts through the act of painting. He was a young boy at the time, he had some talent for scenery. Yest was atrocious at capturing the human appearance, the faces were his main shortcoming. 

Every visit would be years apart in regards to Adolfs time line. I eventually incuraged him to applied to a prestigious art Academy.  You could say I rigged the process,  or his painting weren't very good,  either way Adolf left the interview with a unjustified hatred for Jews.  This might seem kind of odd,  however; I jokingly imply that every thing wrong with his life was caused by the Jewish people. Also as a joke I said the University was a Jewish Institute and the dean was in fact one eighth Jewish. 

There was one more interaction between Adolf and myself before the night his death.  Not long after becoming fuhrer,  in a cabinet meeting (I am a life long friend of his now) I mentioned in a completely tongue and cheek way that we should track,  label,  and Roundup all the Jews.  I said this as a joke,  and I thought he jokingly agreed.  

The next time I entered his time line it was to end it.  As I pass through the door way into Adolfs bunker he looks up and smiles. 
 "The war is nearly won" he said.  
With a cocked head and a half smile I reply 
 "The American's aren't providing enough of a resistance?"  
Adolf smirked and continued studying the large maps layered across the table. 
"Let me show you something,  it could possible end the war tonight." I promised Adolf. 
 With a slightly irritated expression his eyes examining me, I knew I got his attention.
Hi 
I lead Adolf into my time machine.  Before he could question my motives I selected the date 2-21-16. Due to the fact that time machines travel through time not through space (I'm looking at you tardis) we then flew from Germany to Israel.  I showed Adolf how his plan failed and how there was a Jewish state.  With out a word Adolf slid the gun from his holster and committed suicide.  