   Ecziek's vision went gray and blurry in a sudden burst of euphoric feeling. Though it felt like it had been nearly over a thousand years, he still remembered the sensations of a summoning like yesterday. The eternal overcast and great crags of Hell slowly gave way to this gray sheen, and then into beautiful colors that he sorely missed, the colors of the mortal place.

   The nostalgic grandeur was enough for him to nearly forget his long-established method, one built on millennia of service and soul dealing. Humans were simple creatures after all, a few dazzling lights and smiles, and you can easily convince them that you really do have their best interest in mind. Still, his tools were rusty, and he had a bit of trouble remembering the procedure, which wasn't as easy as he would have liked. He knew this wasn't just his first summoning in who knows how many years, it was the first actual summoning to happen in general in over 700 years.

How much had humanity changed in that time, what new tongues had they made, and what kind of peoples have they become? He was going in completely dark; the most he could hope for was if the summoner knew what he was doing. But then again, in that time frame, there probably wasn't any summoners left who knew what they were doing. But in this industry, beggars can't be choosers; he'd have to find a way to make it work. 

The instant he saw the colors begin to take shape, he started his routine. His shapeless figure took form of a young man in a ragged patchwork cloak and wide-brimmed hat of hundreds of dazzling hues and colors, the ends sparkling and sizzling with light and spectacle, that covered his entire body, save for the head and forearms. His entrance was marked with a swift spin, sparks flying around, and a wide smile with kind, warm eyes, giving a showman's bow to his audience.

He expected an awed silence, a gasp, a cry of terror, a hearty laugh even, but the most he got was a mild clap followed by a few uncomfortably noticeable coughs.

He raised his head to behold his crowd, and was taken back at their appearance. Before him sat 5 elderly men dressed in strange clothes. He looked around the room, and saw that his summoning circle had been placed with a chair inside it, as well as a fair chunk of a long table. The men sat down along the table from him, hardly looking at him, they seemed more preoccupied with bizarre sheets of paper and moderately sized tomes with pictures of fantastical creatures and scenarios on them.

"How may I serve your desires?" He asked, but one of the men, a large flabby one with a bald head and a great bushy mustache resting on his face, made a few unfamiliar sounds. The man in the middle of the table, a short thing with leathery skin, who's eyes were nearly invisible under the seeping flaps of flesh on his forehead, responded with his own words, and flipped through the pages of an all too familiar book. A summoning tome.

So that's how they figured out the summoning, but do they know-
Suddenly the short man yelled a chant from the tome, and threw a handful of salt at Ecziek. He looked up, and flapped his dry lips a little.

"That better?" he said.

To say Ecziek was relieved would be an understatement. The middle human knew what he was doing. "Yes." He said.

He asked their desire again, never letting down the smile. They looked him down for a while. The one on the right, who had a strange metal object connected to his nose at his legs, said, "You can start by taking a seat. You sure this thing is a good choice for the game Harry? He looks kinda funny, and not the good kind, I mean the kind that the last guy was, and he was an asshole."

"Don't worry, it'll do just fine, I'm sure. Besides, you're the one who kept on trying to derail us at the brothel." Said the little man in the middle. So, his name was harry? Odd name, but time does that, he supposed.

  Something didn't seem quite right with Harry. Ecziek felt like he had seen him before from somewhere, but that couldn't be. He could hardly remember the last time he'd seen a human, so he couldn't imagine where he might know this one from.

  Regardless, he took his seat on the chair. The material was unfamiliar to him, like some kind of netting or strange cloth. He asked what it was, and the fat one simply said, "Mesh." What is mesh? Every answer he was getting only seemed to lead into more questions. But still, he kept his cool and remained in his friendly attitude. The key to sealing a deal is to make the human feel at home and comfortable. Usually he would try and pretend to be interested in whatever nonsense they had in their home, but in this case, Ecziek didn't really need to pretend. Everything was strange, alien, and almost frightening in a way.

Harry stood from his strange seat, and removed his hat, resting it upon his breast. "I guess we should all introduce ourselves, I'm harry..." He did a friendly bow. "That's Willy..." He waved a hand to the fat man with the mustache. "This is Neil..." He motioned the other to the man next to him, who seemed the youngest among them, but his skin was almost just as leathery. "That's Clint.." The man who complained about the last guy. "And Joseph." A short man with a smaller, slug-like mustache waved to Ecziek.

He took careful note of each name. Remembering a name well is a small thing, but one that can make a deal so very quickly. That's the big rule, really. It's the small things as well as the big, that pull a successful performance. He nodded to them all, and said, "I am Ecziek, greater being and wishmaster, at your service!"

"You can't play a role right now, you're DMing." Said Clint.

"Excuse me?" He was taken back for a moment.

"You're DMing. What are you, deaf?" His eyes glazed over Ecziek with a piercing scold that made him all the more uncomfortable.

"Clint, be nice, we don't need you scaring this one off, or pissing it off for that matter." Willy said. He looked to Ecziek. "You'll have to mind Clint, he's a bit of an ass. We're playing a game, and need someone to be the game master, or 'DM' for short. Here's everything you need." Willy pushed one of the copies of the mid-sized tomes into Ecziek's end of the table, followed by several other small things, such as strange dice. He was careful to not accidentally put his hand into the summoning circle.

 They very clearly knew what they were doing at least, but how? The last summoner would have died hundreds of years ago, even if he had wished for 'immortality.' How did they know the rules of all this so well, and where had he seen Harry before? He knew he had, though. He was certain of it.

Thumbing through the pages, reading between the lines, he looked up at them and said, "I don't think I understand, you want me to... play this game with you all, that's it?"

"If it isn't too much trouble." Said Neil.

"None at all, I just find it strange that you would summon me for such a thing that could be done by any man."

"Trust me, no man can do this job the right way, we've tried." Said Joseph, he spoke with a different accent to the others, making it even harder to understand him.

When he finished looking over the book, he said to them, "Alright, I will fulfill your desire. But first, you must sign..." He pulled the long, faded contract from his wraps, pushing it til' half of it hung out of the summoning circle. He waited, but none of them looked up from their books, let alone try to grab the contract.

After a brief silence, Harry looked up and laughed, "Oh that thing, yeah that won't be necessary. We already signed one of those ages ago!"

"What? That can't be, the last summoner was over 700 years ago, and you can't have wished for immortality, you'd all be dead by now."

"We fulfilled the nullification conditions of all our respective contracts." Harry said glumly, a wry smile curling his thin lips.

Ecziek was dumbfounded, he couldn't comprehend the total nonsense that had been forced into his ears. Nullification conditions? There are no nullification conditions! He couldn't gather himself to think of a response to that.

After a short time staring into the nebulous void, he uttered, "But how? That's impossible."

Willy suddenly spoke, "We got lawyers, now are you gonna hurry up and get to the game or not?"

Lawyers? No man of law could ever find a loophole in the contracts, nor understand them for that matter, they were written in the ancient tongues of Canaan. "What kind of lawyer did you find that could undermine a blood contract?"

"We aren't sure exactly, it was almost 2000 years ago. I think they said something about being from some place called the Otherworld or something." Said willy.

The Otherworld. Now it all made sense. It was a dominion of strangers who appeared after the silence of Heaven. Otherworlders make no sense, they simply are, and act in near random ways, sometimes helping, sometimes hindering. They meddle in most of the affairs of men, just in more indirect fashions, so this was bizarre behavior, even for them.

"You alright Ecziek? You look kinda pale." Harry said.

"I'm fine, just a bit taken back. I was hoping to have some contracts signed, but now that cannot be done. Once a contract is made, another cannot be signed."

"Do you still want to play the game?" Clint said.

"You summoned me, I cannot leave without your permission."

"Well you have our permission, if you want to."

He was going to take up the offer and go, but then he got to thinking. It has been thousands of years since he had been to Earth, and Hell wasn't doing particularly well these days, not enough souls have been coming in for some reason. His curiosity was also peaked by their strange 'mesh' and other contraptions, and he would have been a liar if he said he didn't miss the colors.

"Alright, I'll stay and play your game. But you'll have to explain to me a few things, some of these rules in here sound far too open-ended..."

And thus, the game began.