The next day I open my eyes and go through my usual morning routine.         As I open my front door to get the newspaper I notice a figure standing in front of me. I can't tell the person's gender nor other body features due to him/her wearing loose and big clothing.   "Can I help you?" I ask the stranger.     The stranger looks at me and takes of the big jacket revealing it's a she.           "No, but I can help you." She says.
She proceeds to walk closer and enter my home. "Do come in." I say agitated. Did she just enter my house without consent? She sits by the dinning table and places a bunch of pictures across on the table. I glance over the many pictures and notice they vary from a child to teen to adult. The last picture is of me... Just a few seconds ago as I opened the door.
"Who the fuck are you and why are you stalking me!?" I ask slightly scared. She simply looks up and says: "I am your guardian. There'll be an attempted kidnapping on you somewhere this week. I an here to save and teach you. You're special."
I nervously take a few steps back and burst out laughing. "Hahahaha! You think I'd believe that? Thats such a dumb lie! Get out of my house and never return."
She won't leave my house so I call the police. A few minutes pass and the police kick her out and give her a restraining order.
Few days have gone by and as I head out to work I notice a black van behind me. I simply keep going and as I take my turn a car with tinted windows runs in to me and the next thing I know I open my eyes in some weird hospital bed. A doctor enters the room. "Ah, you're finally awake?" I reply with a simple nod. 
"I'll have to ask you a few questions sir, so please try to remember and answer accordingly." I sit up and wait for the question. "Do you know who you are?" He asks. "Why yes of course, I'm Jacob. Jacob Myers." "Good". Says the doctor and writes something down. "Now, do you remember where you were born?" I think hard, so hard even that my head starts to hurt. "If I remember correctly, then I am born in LA, USA." "Good to hear you remember". The doctor says as he makes some notes again. "How are you feeling mister Myers?" I place my hand on my head and tell him how much my head hurts. He injects a needle in my arm. "This should relieve some of the pain." He says. But... My arm hurts. It really hurts. "Doc, I think something went wrong. It hurts." The doctor looks me in the eyes, takes off his glasses. "Oh my dear sir, there's nothing wrong. You'll sleep forever and never feel anything again." What the fuck!? A man wearing a big overcoat enters the room, hands the doctor an envelope and looks at me in disgust. "Another one of those freaks. The world is a better place without them." My vision goes blurry and dark. I can hear the man talk again, but my hearing is muffled. "They should've never gone to that..." Everything is gone.

The end.