I almost missed the sun becoming a red giant, I was in a meeting. 

Now, I was probably the only normal human in the meeting, and even with all the bioborging and nanite buttchugging and cybernetics and intrabody networking we did, we're far from the old humans, or even any of the post-sapiens human diaspora. Indeed, I'm writing this in 21-English, which is a fossil at this point.

But there's a lot of things that are fossils at this point. Some of my kids, my great grandkids, my friends, my comrades. I remember the men who I locked shields with in Persia. I remember Alexander the Hero, and other heroes, when men were decided by the strength of their arms and their luck. 

I remember a girl in Ireland, with flaming red hair. Bris, I love you. I'm real sorry.

I remember an African princess. I was one of her champions, the man from Nubia. Ostrakion the invincible, still going by the Greek.
I remember her husband, too. Good times.

I remember Alexandria. I'm sorry, Pat. I wasn't strong enough.

I don't remember the day man flew, but I do remember Lindbergh. Great pilot. Really weird. I didn't like him.

I remember the first big bomb. I excused myself, went to a church, and wailed in front of a priest.

I remember when Sputnik happened. I was in a cafe in Paris (because where else would you be?). I took it better, I just excused myself and went to vomit.

Most of all, I remember the man on the moon. I met one of them. Corn-fed American boys. The stars were so close. I wanted to crawl out
of my skin.

Stanislav Petrov is a hero to humanity! Don't you dare forget his name!

There was a lot of other stuff. I got used to space. I went there 300 years later for the first time, as an old fogy. I mostly just sat and got used to it.

Then I went and mined asteroids for 135 years and got into space-based fabrication. I made my billion, made my connections, kept my
work cheap and my welds good.

I remember when the first woman I loved told me she was not dying of Alzheimers anymore. 

I wish she had.

There were generation ships. Fusion. We had some limited wars. We trashed the earth and fixed it, trashed it again, got over ourselves.

The rest of this is ancient history. I made my debut by going on TV for something else, casually mentioning that I was immortal; telling the host to advise the viewers that this was about to be bad, and then blowing my brains out. 

The god patched me back together. As a rash of copycat suicides no doubt played out, I advised people that drinking good wine and sake can do as much for you.

Then Alcubierre turned out to be right, someone got the casimir effect to give us power, and the Five Minute Tragedy happened. I got clipped by an impactor. Poor god had to put THAT back together.

I left Earth for good in M62.80. You know that the calendar is wildly different now. 

And as we goose the sun a bit better, I'm sitting in a break room, conjuring wine from nothing, remembering how watching my great-great-great grandchildren play **really helped** things. I hired one, by the way. For this old, I get some nepotism. I'm allowed.

Now, I just sit here, dangling my feet off a beam. I contemplate jumping to pown the god. I would get rebooted in a normal body, maybe immortal, maybe not, but I'm not feeling like that. The god is still around. It tries to get me nightmares, it tries to make me hallucinate, but I'm wise to it.

After all, the poor sod never counted on me enlisting the help of it's enemies...