The box Todd carried to his car felt heavier than it should have for something full of random knick-knacks. That same box, now shoved behind his back seat, held his fascination throughout the hour long drive back to his home. He just couldn’t understand it, a whole lifetime boiled down to a single box. Sure, his dad wasn’t someone who believed in materialism, but **ONE** box? Only one?? Apparently so, Dad’s lawyer said he had signed away everything else: donated it or left it to long lost cousins he’d never heard of. The only things he’d wanted Todd to have were what was in this box. His dad’s most valuable possessions were currently shoved behind his back seat. And it was driving Todd nuts. It was all he could think about. 

*What could it be? What could it be? What could it be?*

Every time he rethought it, his foot got heavier on the gas pedal and he was going faster and faster. In 45 minutes, he pulled into his driveway, grabbed the box, and then, suddenly, all of Dad’s most valuable possessions were sitting on his kitchen table. And after finding a knife, all of Dad’s most valuable possessions were in front of his face.
 
The first thing his eyes landed on was an old leather photo album. It was obviously greatly loved; the binding was cracked and the pages well worn. He flicked through it. Black and white photos of Mom and Dad getting married. So young. So in love. Pictures of him as a baby and their long family road trips together. Baseball games and boy scouts. Theme parks. Hot summers. Cold winters. He and his parents growing older, but still always smiling. A lifetime flashing by in an instant. Highschool. College. Graduation. Then it’s of him and Julie. His ex-girlfriend. It’s them at a friend’s wedding. They look so young. So in love. *When did they last speak? Six-seven years ago now? Longer?* He tries to remember why they broke up. He can’t. It hurts so he flips faster. The pages are less worn now, the pictures newer. He hardly noticed, but at some point, they gained color. It shows holidays and birthdays; celebrations between him and Mom and Dad. They look older. Still happy, but older. Easters. Thanksgivings. Then, abruptly, it’s just Dad and him. They don’t look as happy, but they still smile. Dad looks sicker. The pictures aren’t as frequent. Then, just as it once began, it ends. The last photo is a picture of the two of them from last Christmas. They’re in front of the tree wearing elf hats, sipping eggnog. Dad’s hooked up to an oxygen tank. He looks bad, nothing like the stocky young man from the beginning of the album. His smile is wide. Todd’s hurt has become a dull, yet all-encompassing ache. The white noise of his silent house booms in his ears. His vision starts to blur. *Don’t cry. Dad wouldn’t want that.* 

As he moves to close the book a picture falls out from the back sleeve. It’s seems new. Suddenly, he’s looking at a kid he’s never seen before. It’s a school photo of a blonde kid, wearing a blue shirt. He smiles through missing teeth. Todd turns the photo around; four words are scribbled on the back. Dad’s handwriting.

*Matt. Six years old.*

Todd stares, but a few minutes later he still doesn’t understand it so he puts it aside. 
Beneath the photo album are the remnants of his dad’s life. His army tags. A baseball glove Dad’s owned since his teens. A ball signed by Lou Gehrig. Pictures of Dad he drew as a kid. A marriage certificate. More stuff. Cards. Awards. Old toys. Then suddenly, only one thing remains; the final and most peculiar item of all. A mug Todd had given him one Father’s Day that read ‘World’s #1 Dad’. It was a last-minute gift he’d found at the mall. He paid ten bucks for it. 

*Why does he still have this?*

He pulls it out and suddenly the number on the front starts climbing. He blinks. But the number’s still climbing. Higher and higher. He drops it and it clanks as it hits the table. Still the number grows. It’s in the millions. The hundreds of millions. He can’t believe his eyes. He picks it back up. The number’s stopped. ‘World’s #661,455,678^th Dad’. On the inside is a single sticky note. His dad’s handwriting of a phone number. Suddenly, his hands are shaking and he’s standing up to grab the phone. Dialing. Ringing. More ringing. The ringing lasts for seconds, but seconds seem like hours. 

“Hello?” A familiar voice.

He looks back at the smiling blonde boy with the mouth full of missing teeth.

“Julie?” His voice cracks.

The number on the mug starts to lower.
