He was tending his garden when he felt it, a whisper of a prayer brush against his skin. It had been so long since he had heard a supplicant it was almost foreign. He smiled. Today... Today would be fun.  


In the space of a breath he moved. The distance didn't matter as much as the fervor of the prayer. He now stood before a young woman, her face blotchy and red with tears. The taste of her presence was exquisite; the fear, the anger, and yes even the sadness. 

He cracked a smile as he looked down upon her and her summoning implements, "You called?"  


The words shook her more than they shook the room, picture frames jostling and falling from their mounts. Her eyes locked onto his and the fear she had shown before drained replaced by resolve.  


"Yes, I have called to you O Lord and... and..." she stuttered, the weight of his presence finally resting on her mortal form. "...and I seek your help. I seek revenge. I want justice!", she finished.

His smile grew wider. Not for the pain in her voice or the sadness dwelling behind her eyes but for the conviction in her words. His deific  presence had already started to change her. She had yet to notice but it would become apparent soon enough. "Nothing is free, you know? Of course you do. You knew what you were calling..." he trailed off. He saw the shudder pass through her; oh yes, she knew exactly what she had called. "Are you sure you can bear the cost?"  


She looked down, a moment of contemplation and doubt before meeting his eyes. She nodded once and with that the pact was made. He knelled down to her level, his eyes never leaving hers. His form began to shift and he relished the fear and madness that replaced everything else in her eyes. As she looked upon him his clothes changed; his jacket, his trousers, down to his shoes and belt became a hollow black. Her eyes could not move off him, could not blink. Her tears had been replaced with blood and her skin black, slick and rubbery.   


"You have called, and I have answered. You will have your revenge. Speak my name..." he commanded.  


Her voice, gargling and wet cooed, "Nyarlathotep".  


\(Hi! I'm not a writer but this WP seemed to fun to pass up. Please be gentle!\)