When Diviya is seventeen, the unbroken Squall cast by a northern mage four decades ago tears apart her village's ships and destroys the coast they live upon. Their crop fields are flattened, and the ensuing waves—augmented by a careless magistrate's Current hex—erase their hopes of holding on to the last vestiges of their village.

Without food, they starve. And starve, and starve, until Diviya can see her brothers' bones and her own, and everyone on their island knows what their corpses looked like pressed against their own skin.

When Diviya is twenty, and a newly appointed Imperial warmage, she watches the members of an enemy nation writhe as her people's Scourge curse rips through them and robs them of their inborn magic. And thus they are cowed, and beat into submission, until the only thing left on their foreign lands is the reverberations of spiteful Imperial sorcerers' Earthshatters. Because the Empire is cruel, and it is strong, and it knows that the inherited immortality of magic is even stronger. And thus: it must make sure its own people are not the ones to inherit a hollow earth.

When Diviya is twenty-nine, she is the strongest mage the Empire has known, and she can do nothing but watch as a power vacuum causes the Empire to tear itself apart in fury.

Firestorms, Squalls, and Monsoons break the land like titans. The fires that burst across the territory from eastern to western end are doused by Waves called down from every coast. The sea swallows the land around them, little by little, while the military-grade Currents that cut through the air become sharp enough to raze stone buildings.

Diviya learns: what it is like to lose an arm and live on; to watch her entrails spill from gaping wounds and yet live on; to see others burned into charred husks and *still live on*.

She learns what petty fury blazes in the eyes of magic-users who would not Break their spells even if begged; who would spit on the ground before her and swear never to give up on their destructive causes—until torture is the only thing that can convince them otherwise.

And this is when Diviya remembers: what it is like to starve, and starve, and starve, for weeks without end; to be helpless to do anything but continue to live even as maggots go to work on flesh that simply grows back as fast as their World dictates.

By the time Diviya is thirty-one, she is the greatest mage the world has ever known. And the world has also learned the touch of a hundred thousand spells whose casters refuse to Break them. 

Because Diviya knows, as every sorcerer does: that man-made magic persists, and will not, *cannot* abet for as long as their origins exist.

Diviya knows suffering, and pain, and how magic can destroy life without the ability to take it. But she does not know loss.

So she casts a spell.

She takes magic and twists it into a million strands made finer than ever before, and weaves it for a year. Until her prodigal abilities have made it great enough to encompass the entire World that she knows—so that it settles in the air around every person, quiet and heavy amidst the rogues spells and forgotten magicks cast by lesser mages.

The last piece she adds is simple protection: a layer between herself and her creation, meant to last eons if needed.

And then she draws the threads tight.

...

Years—decades, centuries, millennia—pass. Diviya lives on.

And for the first time in the history of their World—

Others do not.