Henry Garcia slid into the chair gratefully. His partner, Aesther Ling, preferred to skulk in the corner of the interrogation room, but they had caught a red-eye over to Paris, and there wasn’t enough budget for the both of them to be placed in Business Class. He had caught, at most, ten minutes of uninterrupted sleep the entire flight, which meant that his usual patience had deserted him. The last thing he needed now was an uncooperative suspect.

But that was precisely what fate had deigned to give him.

“I refuse to speak to any more of you Frenchies. I can hardly understand a word through your accent. Get me a lawyer. I don’t care who. *Lawyer*. Do you understand that? Law-” 

“I assure you, I do understand,” said Henry, a migraine beginning to creep up from his neck. “We came over as soon as we caught word of your… circumstances. We’re from the New York Folk Division.”

“Why, about time!” Karl Tanners said, as he brightened with a smile. “Finally! Someone with some brains around here! Jeez, I didn’t know you guys had jurisdiction over here!”

“We don’t,” said Aesther from the corner. “We’re here because the French Folk Division invited us. We don’t have a lot of time, so you better use it wisely.”

Henry unfolded a sheet of paper from within his jacket, and then slid it across the table to Karl. “That’s all the time we have. 15 minutes. Just… in and out, one single chance to figure out if there’s any reason why we would want to have your case heard in New York rather than here. Folklaw, Article 12 – if any Folk entity commits a crime on foreign soil, he or she can be tried in a court best suited to hear the matter.”

Karl grinned from ear-to-ear at that, and Henry was worried for a moment that Karl’s face would split right in half. “Well, I must say I’m impressed. I had no idea I was on anyone’s watchlist.”

“You’re not,” said Henry. “At least, you were not until you provided your statement to the French Folk Division. They recognized you as a Folk, or half-Folk, almost immediately, and once they found out where you were from, we got the call. And here we are.”

Henry didn’t have his notebook out before him, but there was no need for paper to remember the arrogance seeping into Karl’s face. The suspect made to sweep back his hair, but the handcuffs clinked and held him back. “Then there’s nothing more I can tell you,” said Karl. “I told them everything. From how we had come here on holiday, how we had made time to see the Louvre, how we came across the painting, how I found out then the real reason for all the misfortune that has been befalling me-”

Aesther slinked to the table, planted her palms down, then leaned forwards with her best death stare. I saw her nose twitching as she resisted the urge to shapeshift. “To be clear, *both* of you had gone to the Louvre? She was still alive then?”

“Of course! I didn’t know then, did I?” laughed Karl. “If you’re thinking this was all premeditated, you’ve got it all wrong! Alice was the one who said a short holiday would take my mind off things. Alice was the one who wanted to visit the Louvre. Check the CCTV if you don’t believe me! Trust me, I had *no* idea at all until I saw the *Mona Lisa*.”

There were scant few pictures in the files they handed to Henry – the rest were still being developed down at the crime labs. Those few still sufficed for their purpose. Henry picked out the most lurid of them, then laid them out before Karl. The glossy photographs reflected the single bulb hanging overhead. “So you admit it then? You admit that you spent the rest of the day with your wife, waited till she was asleep, then bludgeoned her to death?”

Karl laughed, but in an instant all the good nature vanished from his features. A dark shadow flashed across his face as he thumped his fists on the table – Aesther snarled, but Henry held her back. “Of course I admit it! I killed her with my bare hands! And let me tell you, I do not regret it one single bit! Do you have any idea what it feels like to find out that the love of your life, the pillar of support you’ve come to rely on… that the very person you would die for is actually the very cause of all your misery? Of course I would kill her! I would kill her again if I had the chance!”

“You do know that that’s not how nymphs work, right?”

“Of course that’s how they work!” yelled Karl. “They are jinxes! Luck vampires! They soothe you with their honeyed words, but all the time they stay by your side and leech all your good fortune away! That’s what they are, and that’s what Alice was! And I would have remained a fool if not for what the *Mona Lisa* showed me!”

Aesther’s voice dropped an octave. “I’m running out of patience, Karl. What did the *Mona Lisa* show you? Pick your words carefully. We have a decision to make here, and trust me, I’m more than inclined to recommend that you rot.”

Karl closed his eyes, and what looked like a parody of peace swept over his face. For a moment, he seemed like a different man entirely. “I… I saw... the truth. My parents had always told me to keep it a secret, you know, to always ensure that no one knew I saw things differently from others. I thought it was just a… defect, you know, something which would make it harder for me to fit in. Something wrong in my brain, something to mess up the all the colors in the world around me.”

“They never told you that you have Gorgon blood?”

“Never. They didn’t want me to register as a Folk. They thought it would just make it easy for all the purebloods to discriminate against me. But I always struggled. It’s hard, you know, seeing things that aren’t there, at least, aren’t there to other people. But the painting… the *Mona Lisa*… she smiled at me. And I saw the words there, with a life of their own, rearranging themselves as they spoke to me. No one else saw, but I did, and they told me the truth. I stood there, entranced, as it spoke the truth to me…”

“What truth?”

“Why, that I was special!” laughed Karl. “That I was destined for great things, but that a nymph had now festered next to me! That I had to get rid of her if I wanted to break free of her curse! It all made sense then, why she appeared merely plain to everyone else, but so ravishingly beautiful to me! I thought it was just because of my condition, that I was seeing something which wasn’t there… you see, it was her curse! Her black magic! Whatever you want to call it! She was doing something to me, don’t you see?”

“How exactly did you think you would get away with this?” said Aesther, shaking her head. 

“That’s because I’ve done my research!” hooted Karl. “Folklaw, Articles 90 to 93! A Folk entity cannot be guilty of murder if it turns out that he or she was acting in self-defense! And that’s what it was! Self-defense! She was leeching off me, causing me to sink so very low in life! Without her, I would be great! I would be successful! I wouldn’t be living in some crummy apartment, trying my best to-”

“I want to be very clear about this,” said Aesther, as she laid a hand on Karl’s arm. Her claws were extending, and though we weren’t ever supposed to have any contact with the suspects, in this case I was happy to turn a blind eye. “You have no regret about this whatsoever?”

“None! Why should I? Why should I, when she was the one who was doing all of this to me? I’m the victim here, don’t you see? Don’t you understand how-”

“Karl,” Henry said. “Ever thought about why there are laws on getting all Folk registered? It’s so that no one gets exposed to anything which is harmful to them. If you were known to have Gorgon blood, and susceptible to seeing hidden layers to the world around you, the staff at the Louvre would have forbidden you from viewing the *Mona Lisa*. And if you had insisted, they would have given you special glasses to screen the worst of the effects away. You would have been protected. Instead, you got a full-on dose of Leonardo’s twisted genius.”

Karl had the decency to shut up and ponder upon what Henry was saying. “What do you mean-”

“Ever wonder why certain paintings in history become so… enchanting?” said Henry. “Leonardo figured out why. Part of it is in the brushwork, of course, how skilled the master is. But the other part of it is the *paint*. Leonardo used a special concoction of Valkyrie blood which, as best as we can tell, functions like… a battlecry, a battlecry to stir the senses. Diluted, of course, so that to normal humans it just makes them slightly more focused, more alert, more *appreciative*. But to Folk like you… Folk who can perceive so much more… it twists you. It seeks your innermost doubts and inflames them. It sets a bonfire to all the darkness lurking in your heart, and then it watches as you trip over yourself in a comedy of unforced errors. That’s part of the reason why Valkyries were so feared in battle. Wound them, and you ran the risk of going mad yourself.”

“No… no, I don’t believe that. I don’t believe any of that. That is nonsense. That is all just non-”

“The preliminary autopsy’s in,” said Aesther. “Alice isn’t Folk. She’s human. Pureblood. She may not have been the prettiest there was, even before you attacked her… but if I had to guess? The reason why she seemed so beautiful to you and to no one else? That was just your Gorgon blood figuring out that she was a lot more special than other people were.”

Karl sat still, then slowly raised his hands to his eyes. He covered them, and though no sound came forth, the tears began to run. His shoulders shook as he fought to control the sobs.

“I can’t see her anymore,” Karl said. “I can’t.”

---

/r/rarelyfunny