You would think people would notice a 40 year old guy with pink fucking hair.  

As I sit here in bed, ready to write in my journal, I don't know how to describe my day.  It just doesn't make sense. I woke up just like any other day, walked the dog, took a shower, died my hair pink... Well, maybe the dying my hair pink was odd, but I don't see how it caused ANY of this. Let me explain. 

First, was breakfast.  Normally, I skip breakfast, relying on a granola bar or a coffee on my way out the door.  Today, for some reason, I had an unbelievable urge to have a sit down breakfast at some well lit cafe in the trendy part of town.  So, I did just that, calling my friend Cindy to see if she wanted to meet me along the way. I know most people don't make 6AM phone calls looking for someone to grab breakfast with on a work day, but I just couldn't help myself.  

Despite being on my way out the door when I called Cindy, I arrived at the cafe only about 30 seconds before she did. Given that, I don't know why Cindy apologized for "running behind", but she said that anyway.  Now, normally Cindy isn't someone who would be considered "conventionally" hot.  She's an amazing human being, a great friend, and one of the most technically competent business analysts I know. But, she's not going to be appearing on any magazine covers anytime soon.  However, today, for some reason, she walked in looking like she would be a supermodel if she took off her glasses and chose a different shirt.  I shouldn't have even recognized her but somehow I did. Also, for the life of me I couldn't figure out why her glasses didn't have any lenses.  The engineer in me would say that they shouldn't work without lenses, but she just kept on insisting that she needed them, and squinted horribly when I asked her to take them off.

That wasn't even the weirdest thing about breakfast.  I mentioned I had died my hair pink right? Well, not one person at the cafe seemed to notice.  I would have expected people to look over their shoulder, kind of laugh at me, something.  All everyone around me seemed to do was look at each other, smiling, and laughing visibly without making any distracting sounds. There wasn't even anybody on looking at their phones.  Can you imagine that? It's 6:45AM on a Wednesday morning at a coffee shop/cafe and not one person is looking at their phone catching up on the news.  There was one person on a laptop typing his ass off, he must have been deep into whatever he was doing because he didn't look away from his screen once.  I ordered a coffee and a water.  The water came in a bottle that clearly looked like a Dasani bottle, but upon closer look apparently this was "Water" brand water. As the waitress brought me my coffee, she said, "be careful, this is hot". News flash: It wasn't, it was room temperature. I should have returned it but I felt the tremendous urge to put it up to my lips every 10 seconds without actually drinking any of it. 

Cindy and I then proceeded to have, what must have been the most efficient conversation in human history.  Every single damn sentence we said seemed to carry significance.  She talked about her husband "not getting her", I talked about my sister being diagnosed with breast cancer (hence me wearing the pink hair to begin with), literally, we could not speak without it being significant.  At one point, she even said "Well, that will never happen", in such a way that seemed to ensure that it would.  Hell, the background music in the cafe seemed to change tone when she said that. 

It was all good, but I realized I needed to close out to make it to work on time.  My timeline was all screwed up today.  I don't know how, but this 45 excursion for breakfast made it where I still had some legitamate, but remote, chance of making it to work on time (in some sort of time warp, I'm usually routinely only 5-10 minutes early for work).  I only need everything to go right on my way to work.  Ok, maybe that and some "minor" speeding.

I should mention 1 more thing about the cafe.  There was 1 minority in there, exactly 1.  Everywhere I went today it was the same.  

So, I drive to work, driving 72 in a 50, and make it all the way to the very end without getting caught (honking way more than I usually would), and what I stupidly do? I roll the last stop sign turning into my company parking lot.  The cop comes up to my car, I roll my window down, and the cop says "License and Registration Please." This wouldn't normally be interesting, but I live in a state where they usually ask for proof of insurance too.  So, I ask the cop, "Do you want to see my proof of insurance?".  Oddly, he replies "No, because not every state in our market has that law."  I don't know how that applies, but ok.  

So, I lied earlier. One person noticed my pink hair.  My boss, Corey. 
 Normally, he's a few years older than me, but is otherwise very similar to me.  Today, all of a sudden he's 22 years old and talking about how things are going to change now that his dad died and he's in charge of the company. Which is strange considering I thought I had worked for a publicly traded corporation. Anyway, he proceeds to yell at me because I used to babysit him when we were younger and because I didn't let him watch Cable TV soft porn late at night. In that tirade he says I need to change my hair back "immediately" or else he will fire me.  Cindy tries to stand up for me (despite leaving the coffee shop after me, she appeared to be comfortably at work before I got there).  

So, I frantically leave work and go to the hair store looking for a more natural dye or dye removal formula.  There is NOTHING on the shelves but pink.  I ask the cashier, a cute white girl who looks like she could be either 16 or 28, and she says "We're not getting another shipment until Monday".  Which is odd, considering every other time I've asked a cashier anything regarding logistics the answer is usually some form of "I don't know" or "You'll have to ask my manager". 

So, I show up to work and following 10 seconds of me being in a meeting with a cowboy hat on hiding my pink hair, it becomes quitting time.  Normally, I leave somewhere between 4:30 and 5:00PM, Today, I left exactly at 5:00PM and was staring at the clock as it timed down (which was immediately after I attended that 10 second meeting where the boss was showing a flip chart with both axis unlabeled).  

I leave work and head to happy hour with my friends. My 3 friends; Tom, Rick, Jamaal, and I all sit on one half of a round table kinda-sorta looking at each other. Unlike the "Water" brand water from earlier, when I order "a round of Bud Lights" for my friends, actual beer comes out.  I appreciate the Bud Light over "Beer" brand beer, but for the life of me I can't figure out why I'm pointing the label always at the empty half of the table. For that matter, I'm not sure why the waitress came from behind us to take our order when half of the table is unoccupied and she could quite easily come from the front and see us all (also, why is every single service industry employee I'm dealing with today an attractive female?). 

Anyway, after a few beers we leave the bar. At this point I kinda wish we were drinking "Beer" band beer instead of Bud Light, because at least then I could have gotten irresponsibly drunk after the day I've had.  But no, something about drinking a name brand beer meant I can only have two.

Anyway, I'm home now.  I've been debating on if the pink hair had anything to do with my day.  Sure enough, I just looked at the bottle of pink dye conveniently on my night stand (didn't I dye my hair in the kitchen sink?).  Sure enough...

"May Cause Main Character Syndrome"

