"What?" I muttered to myself, fearing that my powers might finally be fading away after the 27 years of it's use.  

I tried again, raising my hand this time, but managing only to look like I'm stressfully guiding someone towards my house. Panic bubbled up in my throat as I spun on my heels and forced the lawnmower to fly across the grass, which made the machine break the second it made contact with the sidewalk- my self-control was overcome by the idea that I was becoming normal. 

"But..." 
I couldnt wrap my head around it. 
"Well done, ya tossed the lawnmower, hope ya proud of yaself."

The voice appeared to come from nowhere, causing me to let out an embarrassingly high pitched yelp. 

"Calm ya farm, I was joking."

I couldn't find the voice, my eyes quickly scanned my front porch, then the road behind me, then my car's front window. I couldn't put a face to the voice, until I looked down again. 

My little garden gnome was sitting and smoking his pipe on the clay toadstool my baby cousin made for me last month, the uneven bumps underneath the messily painted clay seemed to be making a perfect chair. 

"What." I said, loudly this time.

"Hey, ya got some brains in that head of yer's." The gnome said, his voice slightly muffled by the wooden pipe.  "What says ya to quickly helping my folk out?"

For a while I stayed quiet, shocked to complete silence. Though he was obviously annoyed, the gnome allowed me time to comprehend what I was looking at. Until finally he grew irritable enough to take out his pipe and slide off the fake toadstool. "Fine, guess I'll go find some other telepath..."

"No! Wait, I can try to help." To my utter amazement, my voice sounded stable, not even a stutter came past my lips. 
"Just tell me now what I need to do before we go." 

The gnome smiled, as he scratched his wooly beard a few crumbs fell down and landed on his toes, he didn't seem to mind. 
"Some humans have decided to tear down our tree. We we're hoping ya could... Just... 'Make it difficult' for them while my familia gets some time to relocate, maybe call the aunts and uncles."

I slowly nodded my head, not completely understanding what to do, but still willing to do it. 
'Sabotage never hurt anyone.' I thought. 

As it turns out, my neighbours were the ones responsible for their relocation, and in the next few weeks I would be known as the 'most unluckiest person on earth'. Since every time I poppep my head above the fence, their machines started to go haywire. Moving in the wrong direction, malfunctioning, wires seemingly ripped out by themselves. The tree they so desperately wanted gone seemed to be fated to stay. In the end the neighbours gave up trying to cut it down themselves. Calling in some people to do it while I was at work. But by then it didn't matter, the gnome, his husband and their 32 kids were all sitting comfortably in my living room, waiting for their Aunt Carla to call them back about the extra house she won on a game show. 