A frigid gust makes me pull my worn parka tighter towards my body: its an unusually blustery day for mid-October. Its 4 p.m. and people are bustling. The air is full of the hum of busy men and women fighting their way through the crowd. I picked this corner because I know its particularly busy, especially this time of year. People are driving to work, making the exit of the parking  garage on 5th and Olive the perfect place to sit. I’ll be here until the 8 p.m. game starts and I already have $59 in my hat.

I look down at my feet and see the same boots I’ve worn since the 90’s and I long for those simpler days. Personally, I don’t have a cell phone, but I see everyone walking with their heads buried in theirs. Some nearly trip on my outstretched leg. Its hard to believe that so much has changed in such little time.

“Oh, the times they are a-changin’.”

Being immortal comes with its perks: I don’t have to worry about being too cold at night or not eating enough during the day. Being immortal allows me to sit and observe (something I wish more of us had the time to do). I remember a sunny afternoon in Germany where I walked into a pub and asked the barmaid for a beer. I tried my best to speak the language, but it was for naught. She had no idea what I was saying, and I didn’t have a clue as to her reply. Luckily, another patron assisted us both: the barmaid got her money and I, the drinker, got my pint. From there, I observed the bustle of a community of which I didn’t speak the common tongue. I was left with only my eyes to observe the interactions of the common man. And their actions were much like the actions of other men I had observed in other countries. England, Morocco, Thailand. People are the same. It doesn’t matter the place.

A man kicks my leg and I’m shaken from my thoughts. As he’s walking away, he looks back, disgusted at my presents. His tailored suit makes me think that he works in one of the many highrises bring downtown to life. He never considered sitting on a corner begging for money. He probably has had a silver spoon in his mouth his entire life. A life I sometimes wish I had. A past life I wish I still had. But through my many lives, I’ve learned more from being a beggar than a rich man. I’ve been the taxcollector, I’ve been the gambler, I’ve been the poor man on the street; and I can say that I have learned more about people and myself by being “wanting.” There is a certain mindset that comes with lusting for something we don’t already possess. And as the man continues toward his life, I think there is a lot this man could learn from sitting with me for a day. 

Two men set up across the street from me, and I know a show is about to begin. Plastic buckets and a saxophone: this is a real treat. These men will bring in more money in a night than I will in an entire month. Good for them. I have an eternity of life, these men have nothing but their music and it shows. The passion coming from their instruments, the melodies, its incredible. People begin forming a semicircle around them and I couldn’t be happier, although the crowd makes it difficult for me to see them.

While I’m lost in their music, a dark-haired woman walks by. She stops 10 feet from me and watches and listens to the men playing. “Its beautiful, isn’t it?” I ask, not expecting a response.

“It is. They’re so passionate. Its like I can feel their emotions through their music,” she responds, not taking her eyes off the men performing. The melodies have her bound, not caring if she’s late to wherever it is she’s supposed to be. She turns her gaze to me, “Do you want to dance?”

Astonished, I push myself up with my cane and take her hip. Its the first touch of woman I’ve had in 50 years. We spin and twirl on the sidewalk in front of the parking garage. Honestly, I haven’t lost a step in my years and I smile to myself.

After our moment, we release one another and I sink back to the pavement where I belong. She took a long breath and said “That was beautiful.”

I nod my head and agree, “The world is beautiful. We just have to take a second and realize it.” She smiles at me and gazes back towards the men and their music.

Another gust chills me to my core. The woman turns back toward me and thanks me for the dance. She reaches into her purse and places a couple dollars in my hat lying at my feet, smiles, and continues on with her life. This little act assures me that there is still hope for these people. We all just have to appreciate these little, beautiful things. Whatever they may be.
