"Och, you again!" Jock said to Death.

"Aye, Jock, an' don't act like yer surprised tae see me again. This is a moment for you indeed. 365 flips. Same number of flips as days in the year." Death said to the Scot.

"Yer a filthy cheat. I've been dyin' tae lose this game fer now on 50 games. Am sick o' the loose women, the booze, the drivel of conversation. The ever-worsening society. An you, ye back a bones. Am sick tae deeth of you." He hissed out.

"I cannot cheat, Jock, you know that." He held up the coin.

"Tails ye cheeky cheatin' bastard." Jock said. You see, Jock hated people since his first life. Since his first wife, Mairi. That woman was always on him about everything. Since then, the women have been no better, the booze has less potency, laws prevent more freedoms. Over the centuries, each win is more of an insult than a loss.

Death slapped Jock. "I cannae cheat ye wanker." He said it in the man's own Scottish accent to drive the point home better.
"Cheat!" Jock screamed. "If yer nae cheatin' how come I keep winnin'?"

"Finally, I can tell you." Death pulled off his hood, and set his scythe against the bar. Jock sat on the barstool beside him.
"I knew ye was riggin' the flip." Jock said.
"Aye, I have been." Death admitted. "Not directly, but I am involved."
"So it's nae just been you?" Jock asked.
"Nae... er... no." Death said, not trying to lose his American accent for a Scottish one.
"Right then." They both pick up their beer and take a sip. "Oot wi it."
"So here's the story..." Began death. "You see, you were with Mairi, remember that lovely lass?"
"Lovely ass, right, on wi' it."
"So, Mairi died at your hand. She lost her coin toss and was bound for heaven. She knew your plan was a murder-suicide, and before you did your deed, she traded her immortal soul, to be condemned to hell forever, in order to give you something she knew you would hate. She knew you hated life 1, and she knew you would likely hate every one since. And she has been right. She gave Satan her soul, and you cannot die."
Jock crossed himself solemnly, he was a Catholic CFC supporter, not one of those damned blue-nosed gers. He then looked squarely at death.
"Why dae we even bother wi' the coin?" Jock asked.
"Because it is tradition... Jock, I know you want to die. So let me make this clear, if you could, you would go to hell. You are a miserable bastard. Hell is very personal, you see... and it isn't just fire and brimstone. Only for a few hours a day. Most of it is a shitty life. For all eternity, she is stuck believing she is married to you..."
Jock laughed. "Och, I think am gonnae enjoy this next life. Flip the damn coin, tails." 
Death flipped.
"Tails." Death said.
"See you in another 70 years ago." 
"No, Jock... My coin has been flipped too. This is my last time for you. I'll be replaced, but... It's good to know you, you miserable old sod." 
"Och. Be well then."
Just then Jock woke up, remembering all that had transpired, and smiled. This life was going to be great.

-End-

I didn't make death pissed, sorry about that, but thought this had more pathos to it.