She was on the bus each day long hair reflecting sunset like colours on the bus wall and on whatever book she was reading, most of them were ones I would reccommend to people or I want to read. She was always sitting among these guys who wore sharp blue 3 peice suits and had near hollywood secret agent looking sunglasses. After this bus trip all of them would transfer to the subway platforms as I went out to my street from the transit terminal my stop is at.

 Today was different though one of the suits started to have his leg give out on him after tossing out some garbage and one of the suits helping him dropped his wallet; being farther back on the bus I saw that happen as we pulled into the terminal. The one with the collapsing leg and wallet were first off and then I grabbed the wallet to give to him or the lost and found at the terminal so it wasn't stuck on the bus. When I heard him say to his suit buddies "Go on ahead. I will take Ralph for medical care for his leg, and I will catch up with you later." As he is about to walk out the door to the street.

His one buddy says "Rodger that Jimmy" 

I then run up and give the one saying that Jimmy's wallet saying "Your friend Jimmy dropped this I would give it to him directly, but today I am trying to catch the subway on time." I then hurry to catch the subway to make it to the butcher's before they close.

The bus pulled in as the subway pulled out of the terminal, but another was coming right after. When the next subway train came along I jumped into the rear car of the subway and sat down; knowing that the stairs to surface level lined up with the rear car at the station I was to disembark at. As the doors are about to close I see the cluster of suits and the girl board the subway car.

As the doors close the one suit says "Thanks to you we got the wallet back to Jimmy. Sorry to see you missed the last train." 

"No problem, and the last train left as the bus came in to the terminal so I had to wait anyway." I notice the girl is the only one standing I stand up and say "Feel free to take my seat fair lady."  

All of the suits drew guns and badges as her face goes dark. As she says "You shouldn't be able to see me."

"What? I notice my enviroment and that was how I saw the badge that fell. You expect me to not be able to see a girl who appears to be in her early 20s with a nice taste in litterature? Especailly when the books are ones I know, a majority of which I would give people reccommendations to read."

The one who thanked me for returning Jimmy's wallet then held his badge out further and stowed his gun saying "We need to talk, you are making a detour from your current plans." As he says this the girl pushes a button on a weird remote and the subway car detaches from the rest of the train and another comes up and takes our car's place from a side track. We slow and then another suit that was sitting takes the controls and puts us in where the other car came from.

Let me know if you guys have feedback or want to know more.