I remember I laughed.  That emaciated goth asshole staring at me like he was some kind of badass, trying to pierce my soul or some kind of crap with his eyes.

"If you get a trench coat that fits, you won't have people stepping on it."  I helpfully offer after a hearty chuckle.

He spoke in a monotone voice.  No emotion at all.  

"You will remember this day with clarity for all eternity.  When time and pain and darkness has consumed everything else, your family, your friends, even your own name, you will remember this moment and the moments that follow, and you will wish you could beg me to forgive your disrespect."  

Even those eyes that stared so intensely looked empty.  No anger, rage, sadness.  Nothing.

I laugh again.  "Ok Marilyn Manson.  You take care now." I walk away, feeling oh so clever.  I take  a sip of my coffee and cross the street, leaving him on the corner behind me.  The horn of the bus was deafening.  The impact was bone shattering.  I wish that was the worst of it.

The embalming process was something I can never describe.  Having you fluids and organs removed and replaced with chemicals is a torture you cannot imagine.  It is a torture I can never forget.  I wish I still endured it.

The desiccation of ones body does not reduce the pain.  I am keenly aware of every flake that fell off my rotting corpse.  For many many years, I was convinced that if my family had just opted for cremation I would have been spared so much agony.  I blamed them for my condition as I wasted away underground instead of my own hubris.  Eventually, I realized that it would have made no difference as my bones turned to dust and I was keenly aware of every bit that separated from what was once my vessel.  

I have indeed forgotten much. There are few things I am able to remember.  One is that the Sun will one day burn the Earth to ash and what is left of me will travel the cosmos.  Every molecule will individually scream for the sweet release of Death, but I will also remember that he already gave me immortality for stepping on his cloak.
