I knew, deep down, that I should not have chosen that branch before I drifted off. Waking up with a mouth full of dirt isn't a very great feeling to have.

And yet, I now understand that perhaps it was the initial foolishness that I once knew. It seems like a distant memory to me, as if it had happened many, many suns ago; so many that I cannot count them.

*Days* they were called. I know this word. But how? I cannot think of how I know it besides...besides what happened after I ate that mushy thing. Is..that it? What was this mysterious *mushroom* that I had consumed?

This is information I had not known off-hand before, and it rolls off the the tip of my tongue, yet still comes out incomprehensible. I ponder upon this new knowledge of mine while the sense of cold comes through, only now realizing that it has certainly gotten colder since I fell asleep and that night had come. The moon watched me as I aimlessly wander; searching. Near the water, I find a few sticks and a pile of rocks on the sandbank.  I pick two of the sticks up and subconsciously rub them together. I feel the heat, and it occurs to me that this, too, is something I know.

And it comes back to me. Almost like deja vu, but it has not happened yet. *Heat, then more heat.* And then I gaze to the rocks. *More heat, add rocks, find...metal.* More heat, and *sand*. *Glass.*

How? How can I even comprehend this, yet I can think of it so clearly?

It's still late and my head is pounding. I won't dare to wake anyone as I know that I cannot communicate to them about this without becoming an outcast for craziness, no matter how much I want to.

I had managed to create with these sticks something new. It is heat, but with form. I settled near the same tree I fell from, but I chose to stay to the ground. I pick a few more of these mushrooms, as I will now call them, and settle next to this new warmth. As I drift away, munching on this strange food, I thought of a new word, for my creation.

I will call it fire.