I stood alone in the vault, staring down at the safety deposit box. Inside was a single coin in a plexiglass display case. V CENTS, it said, the V massive and centered and surrounded by a wreath of laurels. I heard the vault door swing open behind me, and then once again swing shut. 

"It's a 1913 Liberty Head," said the voice behind me, "only five in the world known to exist. One of 'em sold for five million at auction. 'Course, a thing's only worth as much as you can get someone to pay for it. Otherwise you'd be looking at five cents right there. And seeing as how that one's stolen, you'd be lucky to get a tenth of the price."

I closed my eyes. "Hiya, Laurel," I said. "Figures it was from you." 

"You used to joke about it," she said. Her voice was deeper, rougher, but still so familiar. "If you had a nickel for every person you killed..." 

"Yeah," I said. "I was a kid. Had to deal with it somehow. 'I'd be rich.' As if that would matter." I cleared my throat. "What the fuck is this, Laurel? Blood money?"

"Well, you're rich now, ain't you?" 

I stared down at the single shining coin, wanting to turn around and face her, and wishing she'd disappear again before I could look. "You stole a five million dollar coin just to fuck with me?" 

"Naw," she drawled, "don't flatter yourself. I'd have stolen it anyway. It's just that once I had it, I got to thinking, and I thought of you, naturally. You and your stupid goddamn catchphrase." I remembered the gun, massive and cold in my child's hands, I remembered the kickback like a mule in my chest, I remembered my fingers wrenching, I remembered the boom that made me deaf and the sudden stink of gunpowder burning up my nostrils. I remembered Laurel, curled up in the corner, crying. 

"One man," Laurel was saying, "and one nickel for it. But oh, what a goddamn man he was, and what a goddamn nickel." 

"I don't know any goddamn fences, Laurel," I sighed. "What the hell am I supposed to do with this damn thing except let it incriminate me?" 

"I dunno," she said. "You'll figure it out. Just like a girl figured out what to do with her dead daddy." 

I listened to her knock on the vault door, heard it swing open again, swing shut. And there I was, alone again, staring down at a lousy five cents. 