It's impossible to not stand in fire when the whole room's ablaze...

The itch to log on had been growing for the last hour. He sat twirling in his chair, fighting the compulsion. Two years free he had lasted. Two highly productive years on the outside, and it had all went to shit in the last 12 hours. All because of one failed project, the one he couldn't afford to fail.

A set of footsteps from down the hall slowly plodded in his direction. His wife entered the unlit room. "What are you doing babe? It's 3 in the morning." She caught a yawn, and began rubbing sleep from her eyes.

"Couldn't sleep. Need to clear my head." He replied, still twirling.

"I'm sorry babe." She put her hand on his shoulder. "Come back to bed, we'll get this figured out once we wake up." 

He shrugged her off. "In a minute."

She reached back out for him. "Babe, you're great. Don't let anyone tell you different. We'll find some other job for you. There's always people looking for good help." She planted a kiss on the back of his head, and stumbled out of the room. "I'm going back to sleep. You should too."

He watched her leave, and then immediately turned on his computer monitor. The room lit up and he looked away, waiting for his eyes to adjust to the blue glow of the desktop background. The itch always won. 

Click, click. A window popped up and began downloading. He rifled through a nearby bin and found his old headgear. He grabbed the cord and plugged in, putting the visor over his head. Ten minutes went by. Click. Several keystrokes later and he was in.

The city he had logged out in was gone, replaced by ruins. A game patch must have changed the world a bit. Updating old content was something devs always did. 

He opened his contact list. The fact that no one was online didn't surprise him. Three in the morning on a Tuesday wasn't prime gaming hours for most. Still, his entire list of friends was gone, empty. He opened up the world map, and searched for players in the area. Two people, M4V3Rick and MOARtea, popped up in the next zone over. That was it. The three of them were the only ones logged in. Even when the game had first launched it always had at least 200 concurrent players on a server at any given time.

He opened a chat window and typed a message to MOARtea.

Chosen1: Hey, just logged in for the first time in a couple of years, what's new? Where's everybody? 

The reply was instantaneous. 

MOARtea: Geeze, we've only been waiting two years for you to return. Everyone's locked up, unable to leave, and needs your help. Whatever you do, don't try to log out. Hide. This. Is. Not. A. Joke. No trolling. For real. Go. Hide!

A wave of anxiety hit him, his body unprepared for the startle this early. He typed a similar message to M4V3Rick, hoping for a more welcoming response.

Chosen1: Hey I just logged in for the first time in two years. What's going on?

M4V3Rick: I don't give a fuck. Hide!

He hid.