To anyone who finds this message, I need your help. My name is Joey Peterson and I am being held at an unknown location by men who I believe are military but who wear no patches or insignia. They speak English and are seemingly commanded by a woman who I have never set my eyes upon but who I hear speaking softly to the men.

I have stopped keeping track of the days because there are no windows in my cell. The walls are featureless onyx stone and when the candles that light my cell burn out it is as if I have fallen into a void. Time it seems has lost all meaning.

My captors say that they know about my powers and they tell me they know what I have been up to. They show me the footage of me at the casino winning big and go on about artifacts in the footage and statistical impossibilities. They even have footage of me appearing to just dissappear. I thought I had been more careful... When they threaten me with violence I tell them the truth. The truth is I do not know how it works and that I really do not even know how to control it. I tell them this but that seems to only make them angry. From what I can pick up there have been a series of unexplained attacks taking place all across the world and they think I have something to do with it.

The first time "my power" manifested itself was on new years eve. The clock had just struck midnight and suddenly there was a stillness and silence so deep that I thought at once that I had achieve some sort of enlightenment, or that I had been struck by lightning. All I could hear was my heartbeat that echoed in my head like thunder. My friend Andy was hosting a new years party at his apartment and it was filled with people. Frozen they were like a three dimensional renaissance painting that captured a singular moment of joy and hope that the new year brought with it. Everything was still except for his cat Bastet who followed me around the room stalking me at a distance, the gaze from his milky sightless eyes never breaking.

I know what you are thinking and no I can not read minds. Even if you do not believe my story please pass this anonymously to the authorities as you may be my only hope of escape. 

I think the guards are coming, I will write again the first chance I get...