
Rummaging through the collection of bins was louder than I expected. I was worried someone or something would hear me. 

Walking aimlessly for the past couple days, looking for supplies, I finally stumbled upon a promising hatch door. To my surprise, I found it in the middle of no where but it seemed to be untampered with by any humans. It was probably created in preparation for the nuclear attacks that occurred decades ago. I managed to open it up after a few tries thanks to the acidic rain that stripped some of the metal on the door. This was probably the only case where acidic rain was helpful.

Actually, clean water is in high demand. The only way to get clean water is to create a well in certain areas and these spots are what the clans primarily fight over. I didn't want to partake in the fighting so I decided to be nomadic, simply trading with the clans. They didn't kill me instantly when I would stroll up to their towns because I happened to persuade the leaders. I would tell each clan information about other clans and other potential resource hot spots. This symbiotic relationship proved to be fruitful. I would give them information and in return they granted me trade and asylum.  In fact the last time I scouted a building I managed to score a box of flares. I kept some for myself. They were important when defending against beasts. 

I thought of myself as some sort of scout. This was safer than being a soldier for the clans, considering raids against each clan happened almost everyday. But the life of a scout isn't safe either. Severe weather conditions, mutated beasts, and lack of resources could all kill you very easily. Surviving out here in the wastelands Is not an easy job. Fortunately, my hope and curiosity for the unknown continues to push me forward. The conditions between the clans will not last and I am trying to find a solution for this mess.

What i found in the hatch filled me with despair at first. A family of skeletons had been down there.  Clinging to one another as they starved to death. It was a sad sight. Wondering what their last thoughts were I finally found something to distract me. I found something to feed my curiosity. It was a computer, I heard about such tools from a clan vendor many years ago after bringing him what he called "batteries". He had insisted that if I found one I  immediately had to bring it to him. But this computer was in too good of a condition to just give it away. After a couple of tries, I managed to turn the the thing on. The black screen lit up with beautiful colors. Lush dark green and vibrant bright blue stole my gaze. Finally my gaze resettle to the side of the computer. It was a small attachment. A USB another item I had heard about. These items were capable of storing large amounts of files.

After toying with the computer for awhile, looking for anything Usb related, I was able to open up a white page with a ton of writing. At the top it said "Wiki-pe-dia" and there was a search bar next to it. I hastily typed in water purification and found detailed accounts about various procedures. Excitedly, I planned for the process. Knowing that I could get supplies I needed, I decided to go with electromagnetic radiation. However, the supplies were at a rundown warehouse at an abandoned town. I put the computer in my backpack and starting packing other supplies.

I went late at night in order to conceal myself in the night's darkness. A blanket of absolute black stretched over the warehouse and the sand dunes. However how dark it may be, some beasts late at night could still see heat movement.

I quickly saw bins and slowly made my way to them. Trying to make little movement and noise I rummaged through them. Something felt smooth and I knew it was the piece I needed. Being too excited I clumsily reached deep in the bin and I lost my balance. The bin made a loud clanking noise and continued to roll for a couple more feet. 

Something was off. The air flow changed. There was faint clicking in the distance. I wiped the sweat off my brow and widened my eyes, trying to see through the black of night. Slowly I removed my hands from my sides and pulled out a flare from my back pack. Flares were useful in clan situations. More clan members could come to the aid. But as a scout the best thing I could do was frighten or disorient anything dangerous. Some monsters would come in the dead of night. In wastelands there were groups of dis-formed structures attacking people and clans together. I had seen them two weeks prior and I thought they had moved on. I prayed this was the case. I ignited the flare and threw it. In front of me stood four humanoid monsters. They had no eyeballs just skin covering each eye socket. Their faces were disfigured. And their arms almost reaching the floor. I instantly began to run in the opposite direction. Diving and climbing over anything that got in my way. I didn't want to use my weapon because it would attract more beasts. 

I pulled out my knives instead. The backpack was weighing me down so I threw it off to the side in order to get more speed. The monsters were almost at my heels. I looked behind me as I ran full speed. Stones had been all over the floor and managed to grab one of my shoes as I fell on my chest half over blackness and half on land. I couldn't hold myself up and I continued to fall. After bouncing off the walls, trying to slow myself down, I hit the ground hard. Knowing I had no time to lose I found one of my knives at the floor and felt three hundred degrees around two feet around me. Every side was dirt and rock. I fell in a well. Knowing the monster were right above me. I braced for the worst, tightening my knife in my hand. The first monster fell to the well floor narrowly missing me. I dashed forward and ended it quickly. Soon I heard the next monster dive. 