Mr Johnson has 24 Watermelons, and 36 apples. As he prepares to catch the train bound for Oklahoma from Vermont going at 100 miles per hour, he wonders why he's taking so much fruit to Vermont. It seemed like a good idea at the time, but now he thinks that there's so many variables going around in his head that some must just exist to throw him off the trail-- But of what? 

As Mr Johnson begins to wonder how many total fruits he has all together, a thought begins to dawn on him. 

"God damnit," he uses language not suitable for little Jimmy's math test. 

Little Jimmy cries out in confusion at reading this, wondering, as his dad would say, what the state test people were on when they wrote this. 

Hearing little Jimmy crying out is what tears it. Mr Johnson realizes he's in a math problem, and it's a problem. At the same time Jimmy is reading an increasingly more bizarre and more meta math problem. He knows that there's something in this problem to throw him off the answer, but now he's beginning to doubt the question if he ever really knew it. At the same time, Mr Johnson begins to bust his watermelons on the ground.

How many fruit does Mr Johnson have now?

He busts another one over the railway attendant's head, an apple into the back of an old lady's wig. 

How many fruit does Mr Johson have left?

"I DON'T GIVE A DAMN HOW MANY FRUIT I HAVE LEFT, NO MAN NEEDS THIS MANY WATERMELONS," Mr Johnson cries out in anger.

Someone else offers to buy Mr Johnson's watermelon's for $3.00 a fruit. Mr Johson knows a good deal when he sees one. How much money does Mr Johnson have if he sells all of his remaining watermelons?

"NO, YOU CAN'T TRICK ME!" Mr Johnson cries out at realizing he was roped back in. "No foul god can twist my destiny," he cries out as he jumps from math problem to math problem, trying to find the English section of the test so that he can begin copulating with the work of The Scarlet Letter by Jayne Eyre. 

Little Jimmy flips page after page on the state test attempting to follow Mr Johnson and note anything important in case it comes up in another math problem, now wishing he had read ahead on the test like they always advised. As Mr Johnson begins to fornicate with the principle cast of the novel, shouting his curses at God, the test asks Jimmy to analyze the themes present in the paragraphs shown.

Little Jimmy begins sobbing, knowing his father will beat him if he has to repeat the 5th grade and cursing standardized testing. Mr Johnson makes his way through the test, making his mark on every problem on every page. 

Fortunately upon reading the test, the board could only conclude Jimmy had received a joke test written in poor taste, and was simply passed so that no one would have to discuss this ever again. Little Jimmy was spared the jumper cables his father so loved to use. 