"7" he said. 

"Holy shit, you're right again" said the second man as he pulled his hand out from behind his back. "How the fuck do you do that?"

"It's just a special talent I have, I've always been able to do it." He said as he stood up to leave the bar they were sitting in. He was 200 dollars richer than when he walked into the bar and that would pay his rent for the next month. He'd never had a real job and just kind of drifted to a new town each month using his tricks on different people in different bars. 

He had started out west in Los Angeles where he grew up and had spent his whole life. Since he left 5 years ago he had almost crossed the entire country. Tomorrow he leaves, and he has decided to spend a month in the Capital, before moving north to New York City. 

The first thing he did when he drove into D.C was hit up one of the first big bars he could see and get to work. He had to do a lot of drinking or at least make people think he was doing a lot of drinking for his trick to work. Eventually he would bring up his talent and unbelieving people would start challenging him for money. 

After he'd made about 150 dollars he was getting up to leave when he felt a hand on his shoulder and turned to look. It was a large man with sunglasses and a secret service ear thing. Then a man he immediately recognized sat across from him. It was the favorite to win the presidency, a favorite of the people. 

"So, people tell me you have a pretty cool trick." The future president seemed to imply pressure even with than simple comment. 

"Yeah, but really I should get going, it's getting late and I need to RT a hotel for the night and go apartment hunting tomorrow." He was trying to get out of this as he didn't want any publicity or pressure put on his money making hobby. 

"I hear you did bets with all these other people." He said while giving a dark look, "let's make this interesting, if you get it right, I'll make you the Secretary of State, if you get it wrong you have to tell me the trick."

I was confused, if the president thought I was using a trick then why would he make such an absurd bet at all. Either way I knew I couldn't turn down such an offer. 

"Alright, you're on" I kind of heard myself say as if I was watching like a fly on the wall. I just noticed that this whole time the future president had kept his hands behind his back. Seeing this I reached out to my weird power and asked what he had hidden behind his back. 

When I heard the answer I was shocked and thought my power no longer worked. However, it was the only chance I had here, and I don't have any trick I could tell the future president if I got it wrong. So after taking in one big deep breath i said

"3.8"

He pulled his hands out from behind his back and showed his left ring finger which now that I was so close I could see that it was not quite as long as it should be. He had tried to trick me, thinking a simple trick wouldn't be able to tell he was missing some of his finger. 

"Well, I guess congratulations are in order Mr. Future Secretary of State. You are going to be an incredibly important person in the government of the most powerful country in the world. You'll also be fourth in line of succession for the president. Although it's unlikely that will matter at all." He said all this as he was standing up to walk out of the bar. 

I was completely stunned, how had my life changed so much in the course of one moment. As much as my directionless life changed from that one night in a shitty bar. In exactly one year I would be sitting in a different bar and I would receive a call that would change my life to an insane degree. An explosion rocked the entire world and utterly demolished mine. 