"Dammit Tim! You've been fooled before, and she was infected years ago. You know she's gone." He needed to pep talk himself in moments like these. It was how he kept his mind even remotely intact. That never stopped him from leaning against the door, though, and sobbing as he listened to his little-girl's voice. 

After the virus made it's way across the country. It was gradual. It took time for the symptoms to manifest. First, leading to a time of mass confusion and an understandable hysteria. Nobody knew who was infected, nobody could trust even their own daughters. Or brothers. Or wives. Second, it led to riots. And last it led to anarchy.

This had been just another week for Tim, and he knew he wasn't the only one with a problem like this. His wife had been the first to go. A pit filled his heart since and his stomach still sunk at the thought. They just woke up. He turned and she was gone. Taken. Ripped away from him like a massive band-aid on his heart. What was left of her was a half-rotten corpse. That's what the virus did, it attacked your cells till they couldn't handle themselves anymore, causing the cells to break down and decay quickly. It didn't exactly kill the host, as you would expect. It was more like a hostile take over and terraforming a body to their fitting. The virus needed flesh to survive, though, making the host crave it, attacking friends and family without discrimination. He had killed her quickly, he had to. With a gun he kept in his bedside drawer, and a single shot to the head. His wife was dead.

For some reason, the virus took longer to take over children, weeks longer. Tim walked into his daughters room the day it took her. He wanted to wake her for some fresh flapjacks and just the right amount of maple syrup. They often found a brief normalcy in their breakfast time after his wife died. But that was taken from him now, too. He could not kill his daughter. He just couldn't. She was innocent. Except, she wasn't anymore.

She had been able to scratch him some, on the face and hand as he made his way to grab her half-rotten arms. The image of her licking her fingers clean, eating the freshly scrapped skin and blood, will never leave Tim. Ever. This was his nightmare now. He had released her, letting her chase him outside into the front yard. Only to quickly run back in and lock the door behind him. She constantly knocked and begged the first few hours, then she just left. After only a few days, she came back. Roaming the house and prowling around. Waiting for her moment where he slipped. This had gone on for years now, it had felt like years anyway. Time seemed to slow, and days seemed like weeks in great times of crisis like these.

He wiped his grey sleeve across his wet eyes. Walking upstairs, grabbing the remote, and turning on the T.V. in his guest bedroom. It had a small dresser where the doors opened and the T.V. would sit on a small shelf. The tan wood was cheap and inexpensive. Tim had always hated it. Sitting down on the small twin bed, he cranked up the volume. Sound, he needed sound. He needed to drown out his daughters voice, needed to keep sane. Now, well, now was hell, "the apocalypse" as many were calling it.

The news was useless too, all that was reported was a loop of the same few videos. Another famous person infected, or another killed from the infected.  It got old, fast.  What he watched was an old DVD of one of his favorite shows. It did still manage to make him smile and laugh every so often. He took some small, menial, comfort in that. Cranking up the volume, he drowned out the last of his zombie-daughter's cry.

Slapping his head on the feathered pillowed, he wept. It was impossible to get used to something like that, absolutely impossible. Eventually, he drifted to sleep. With his T.V. on the loudest setting possible, it slowly became just a noise in his head. His sleep was a respite needed, his nightmares were always kind. 