“Listen, alright? I’m not saying that… ‘Milo’ isn’t nice. It’s just… Well, look at him!”

George and I turn, looking across the lunchroom at the trenchcoated figure standing at the vending machine. Two tiny heads are propping up a wide-brimmed hat, their bewhiskered noses sniffling about as a sleeve slowly raises up. I say sleeve instead of ‘arm’ because, instead of a human hand, a third head pops out. This third face looks around, seeming to consider the options before it, before reaching out with two furry hands, leaning on one of the buttons, and lunging back into the sleeve.

“See?” I respond emphatically. “That’s not a normal person!”

“Well that’s a little unfair, Al. I mean, orange soda isn’t for everyone, but maybe he just likes—“

“Not that, George! It’s not a ‘he’; it’s a ‘they’!”

Turning back toward me, George’s brow furrows and he slowly shakes his head. “Al, I’m disappointed. In this day and age? Who cares how Milo views themself?” He stands up from the table, picking up his Tupperware and looking down on me – literally and figuratively – as I stare up in confusion. “I used to think you were an ally,” he finishes, before turning and walking away.

I sit there for a moment, trying to parse what just happened, before it clicks. “Wait, no! George! When I say ‘they’, I literally mean multiple beings! Plural!” But he keeps walking, leaving the lunchroom with a dirty look toward me, calling back: “You’re lucky I don’t report you to HR.”

I bury my head in my hands, looking down on my leftovers as I weave my fingers into my hair. This ‘Milo’ has been working in my office for two weeks now and nobody else seems to be fazed – or to even notice – that it’s just a bunch of otters in a trenchcoat. I’ve seen ‘Milo’ sitting at their desk, sleeves up as eight tiny hands dart across the keyboard; I’ve sat across from them in a board meeting, eyes locked on their furry faces as six of them prop up their hat and watch the presentation; I’ve even seem them flirting with Susan from Payroll, listening to her laugh as they do little more than squeak. Yet, through all of this, not a single other person seems to think that ‘Milo’ was anything less than a normal employee like the rest of us. I am not understating when I say that I feel like I’m going mad.

The chair next to me shifts again and a figure sits down. I glance up and am slightly taken aback when I see that it is ‘Milo’, sleeves up on the table and eight pairs of tiny eyes peering at me from various places within their trenchcoat. We sit there for a moment, locked in a staring match which I am very clearly losing, before an otter crawls forward out of their sleeve and ‘Milo’ slides his can of orange soda across the table toward me. I glance down, then back up at their ‘face’, suddenly incredulous.

“Is… Is this for me?”

‘Milo’ seems to nod, three of their heads bobbing back and forth and making their hat move up and down. The outstretched otter retreats back into the sleeve, turning around a few times before sticking his nose back out and watching me expectantly. I raise a hand and slowly grab the can of soda, pulling it back to me. “Thanks.” I take a sip and can swear that all of the otters – all the ones I can see, anyway – seem to smile at me. Then, without another thought, they get up and walk – more like shuffle – out of the lunchroom, the trenchcoat bulging and folding as they move away.

Supremely confused, yet somehow feeling guilty about my previous behavior, I stammer and call out after them: “M-m-m-Milo!” They stop and turn around, now only two of them propping up the hat, one sniffling at the air while the other seems to be grooming itself with its tiny hands. I glance down at the soda, trying to figure out what to say, before the words just seem to pour out unbidden:

“Um… Do you… Do you want to get a drink after work?”

The one otter stops grooming itself and looks over at me, then back at the other ‘head’ otter. They squeak at each other for a moment, then disappear into the confines of the trenchcoat. The entire thing seems to slowly collapse on itself, almost like a hot air balloon deflating, and suddenly I can’t see any of the otters within the fabric. What I do hear is squeaking – almost like conversation – from almost a dozen different voices. Their deliberations seem to last forever, broken intermittently by a single head popping out of different parts of the trenchcoat and glancing at me, then diving back into the folds.

After what seems like an eternity, but is likely only a few moments, the trenchcoat begins to form back into a vaguely human shape. After propping upright again, three heads pop out of the collar, finding me in the room. They all look at me and seem to smile, then repeat their nodding movement from earlier.

“Oh. Okay. Good. Great.” I stammer my response, not really sure what I was expecting. “Cool. Um, I’ll meet you downstairs later, then.”

Milo nods once again, then turns and shuffles out of the lunchroom entirely. I sit back in my seat and take another sip of the orange soda that he gave me, and try to figure out what my life even is anymore. 

Maybe Milo isn’t so bad after all. Even if he is just a bunch of otters.