“Excuse me, what did you say?” I responded, a little confused.

“You should not be able to see me, I already said this.” The girl responded.

I was beginning to become very confused and a little scared at what she was saying to me. I turned to ask the girl some more questions but she looked lost in thought so I let her be.

Finally she turned to me and asked, “How long have you been seeing me for?”.

“Since the start of the school year, so for around 2ish months I think.” I said with a hint of hesitation.

“Oh crap, this is not good, not good at all.” she muttered to herself. 

“Why is it not good?” I questioned.

Suddenly my friend Brady tapped me on the shoulder. “Yo bro who you talkin to? There is no one there.”

“Oh, no one, I’m uhhhh… practicing for a speech in Psychology class today. I have a presentation of the Four States of the Human Mind.” I responded.

“Pshh, what a nerd.” he joked with a grin on his face. “Keep practicing your speech you nerd, but scoot over so I can sit homie.”

“Alright”

As I tried to scoot over I found out that I couldn’t because the girl was still there. I subtly motioned for her to scoot over so Brady could sit down and she did. The rest of the bus ride was uneventful, just me thinking to myself while being squished between two people. When we arrived at school I wrote a quick note  and slipped it to the girl.

“Meet me back at this seat on the 4:15 bus ride home”

She looked towards me and silently nodded. As we got of the bus to go to school I noticed that she stayed on, just staring out the window. A blank expression on here face. It looked like to me that she was sad, like she was missing something.

The day went by in a blur, I found myself only able to think about the girl on the bus. I was anticipating the moment I would get back on the bus and be able to continue our conversation. The last period came to a close and I went to the library to finish homework while I waited for 4:15 to roll around. When the time came I made my way to the bus and I saw the girl sitting down in the seat. 

I plopped myself down next to her and began asking questions rapid fire. “Who are you? Why can’t anyone else see you? Why is it bad that I can see you? Are you a ghost?”

She sat there looking down for little bit before answering my questions “ No I am not a ghost… yet, as of now I think I am visual apparition of my conscious. I am not exactly sure why other people can’t see me and why you can but I speculate that it is because something bad may happen to you in your near future. And for my name, it is Amanda, Amanda Lawrence.”

When I heard that name I instantly remembered that day. That day where I was going to the grocery store. A normal day, a calm day. Shattered. I was pulling out of the lot when a car rear ended me, forcing me out into oncoming traffic, into another car, one which Amanda was driving.

I put my head into my hands, all the emotions of that day rushing back to me. The fear, the sorrow, the regret. What could I have done to prevent this. What could have been different if I had just taken a little more time to shop. I couldn’t hold it, a tear trickling down my face.

“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m so sorry.” I said with what little strength I mustered up, “I was the one who caused this.”

Amanda sat there shocked, a knot of mixed emotions welling up inside of her. “ You, YOU DID THIS!” She burst out in anger. “I have been in a coma for 6 months. My life has been taken away for six months and you have the nerve to tell me that you’re the one who caused it!”

“I’m sorry”

Tear streaming down here face as she cried, “ I have been sitting here for 6 months on an endless loop of bus routes. I want to see my family again, I want to see my friends, I want to live again. But you, you did this to me, and now I can’t do anything.”

I looked down, “I know that I can’t do anything to make up for your lost time, but let me help you. Let me help you and with all my might I will try to bring you out of your coma, back to the real world so you can do all those things.”

“Please, please help me.” She said with her tear streaked face in her hands. “Please end this nightmare for me.”

“I will, trust me.”
