The general calmly pushed back his chair, stood up, and looked each of every person in the room, superior, inferior, and peer, in the eye. One at a time. Just as calmly, he turned his gaze to the wall of computer screens pressed to the back wall. The largest one showed the channel four news. An entire camera crew, reporter and all, ran as the thirty-fourth UFO to date landed, bug-eyed beasts already leaping off and spearing horrified bystanders.
And just as calmly, he said:
    “Fuck it. Let’s summon Cthulhu.”

  And so it was arranged.
  Representatives from several departments of the bureaucracy were chosen. Specifically five, to form the points of the prerequisite pentagram. Being a soulless machine already, the head of the statistician department was chosen. The head engineer actually volunteered, and brought arms full of Lovecraft and Bierce books the next day, chattering excitedly. The head of the Department of Health and Human Services was let out of his padded room to take part, still gibbering about all those poor people he wasn’t allowed to help. And for the final two, no one other than the president and his vice President were considered to be in the right mindset for the job.

  For the meeting place, the obvious place was chosen. Each point of the Pentagon held a gaunt figure, each in a brown canvas robe and a mask painted with unknowable symbols. As alien warrior mechs played tennis with the head of the Lincoln Memorial in the middle distance, two dozen goats were decapitated, their blood spread across the building’s roof in an inverted star. Each figure drew a copy of the mad mage’s Necronomicon, each could be seen to close their eyes and flip through it, putting their finger on a page at random and chant aloud. As lights of three new colors burst from the Pentagon roof, and a being more made of force than matter ripped through the eclipsing moon, cameras in the area are said to have picked up the head engineer shouting, “This is so bada-!”

  For the next half a year, the side of the internet described as “geeky” practically exploded. The most shared picture online became one of an insectoid alien being trisected by a being like a gorilla with tentacles instead of a face. Summoning rituals were shared all over social media, often with the caption “Cracking the great gem of space-time with the boys.” The beast with the face of the president and the vice president went on rallies across the country, then the world, babbling in two voices about two different views on foreign, extraterrestrial, and interdimensional policy. Protests broke out over a crudely photoshopped image of a grey alien in a niqab, the left unable to decide whether or not it was islamophobic, literally xenophobic, or both, and the right outcrying “forced diversity in modern culture.”

  But before things could really get going, it ended. Despite constant attacks, both verbal and physical, against both forces, the mythos creatures and the men from outer space refused to further square off. Then, new memes started to spread. “Cthulhu on Honolulu” was a popular option, as tendrils burst from the calderas, only to scoop up drink carts and drag them back through doors larger than comprehendible. Self-described “meme-lords” complained of difficulty making alignment charts for aliens, as no aliens had done anything suitably chaotic evil in recent weeks. Even the Beast of the Twin President and alarmist tweeters had to admit, things were dying down.

And then, it happened. A city of non-euclidean angles and cyclopean bricks rose from the Pacific. A ship large enough to have it’s own gravity field (a plot-specific one, but one nonetheless) landed right next to it. From the city emerged a single creature, a spider with a man’s face. A second creature emerged from the mothership, a creature like a centipede covered in suckling alien children. The two spoke, and helicopter-borne camera crews swore that they exchanged grins. And then the two began to chant. A rune of black fire began to burn over the sun itself. A star fell to earth. It landed on the highest point of R'lyeh, charred wings unfolding and a ball and chain falling to it’s side.
    Not many know what words the man-spider and the centipede mother exchanged that day. But some expert linguists, now slaves in a pit of brimstone, have a guess.
    “Fuck it. Let’s summon Satan.”
