"I don't know why everyone's so shocked, really. I mean yes, mining and metalworking are our biggest export industries, so naturally we hold the men and women who are schooled in the science and the art of both such trades in high esteem. But why do people think we're *all* miners, blacksmiths, mechanics or what-have-you?" The old dwarf paused to glance through the glass-fronted oven door to where a batch of fruit buns were baking. "Someone's got to weave the thread into cloth and tan the hides, and turn the cloth and leather into clothing and boots. And someone's got to tend the crops, and someone's got to keep the ledgers up to date, and perhaps most important of all..." He glanced at the clock on the far wall and nodded in satisfaction. "Someone's got to man the tea urn. Roger! Number 2 should be about ready now, turn it down to simmer and check the levels on Number 3!"

"Right away, Mr Gerry!"

"And for twenty years at the old Jakkobssen Brothers Iron Works, that someone was me," Gerry continued. "Then the old ironstone quarry down near La Haye ran dry, the firm upped sticks and moved up north where there were fresher seams and I didn't fancy moving with it, so I thought I'd give this a go. So that's my story. How 'bout yours, chum?"

His companion reached out to flick the heavy gold ring dangling from the tip of one pointed ear and took a long, contemplative swig from his mug before answering. "Truth be told," he replied with a wry grin, "this started out as an attempt to wind my dad up a bit and sort of spiralled from there. My family have been in the winemaking business since the Old High Ones imprisoned the forces of darkness in chains of adamantine beneath the Deep Dark in a time before time, at least to hear him talk, and he was dead set on me going into the trade with him. I wasn't bad at it, but it was all Tradition this and Old Ways that and gods forbid you try anything innovative or unconventional. Eventually I got fed up and told him that if he wanted to make the same drinks the same way to please the same stuck-up bunch of sommeliers who hadn't had a new idea this century then that was his own look-out, but I was sick to the back teeth of it and was going to do things my own way on my own terms."

"How'd he take that?" Gerry asked carefully.

"Not as badly as he could have. He said he thought I was taking a huge gamble and had a good chance of getting my fingers burnt, but he wouldn't force me to stay on with him if my heart wasn't in it. My younger brother was already apprenticing with Dad by then, so he got promoted to heir-apparent in the will. Reckon he'll make a go of it, too. As for me-"

"Fred! Fred!" Another, younger and rather worried-looking elf dashed into the cafe. "Big Vinny and his lot are back, and Leadpipe Jim's on his fourth pint of Old Bargearse!"

Fred sighed. "Why isn't Duncan sorting it?"

"He's still at the dentist's, and he took the other key to the sawn-offs with him!"

"Wonderful. Alright, Mike, I'll be over when I've finished my tea. And tell Jim he's not to... oh, sod it." There was a tremendous crash of breaking glass and a stream of incoherent cursing from outside. Fred hastily drained his mug. "Why do we even bother to *have* a front window?" he muttered to nobody in particular. "I'll say this much for my job," he added to Gerry as he paid for his tea, "it's never dull."

"I suppose not," Gerry replied. "You want a brew, lad?"

"Can't right now, sorry," Mike replied. "Maybe after we sort everything out over the road. Excuse me."

"Well, then," Gerry said to himself, wondering if he ought to be doing something about this.

*"Jim! I bloody warned you about this! If you set the pub on fire again you're banned!"*

"Not my circus, not my monkeys," Gerry decided. Then a thought occurred to him. "Roger? Go get another urn going. The riot squad and the fire brigade and the ambulance are all going to want a brew once they sort that little lot out."

This wasn't quite the sort of clientele he'd had in mind when he started this place, but no matter. Business was business.