"You weren't supposed to kill him!"

I knew from the beginning that this meeting was destined to end in a resounding failure.  Well, no sense delaying the inevitable.  I went in with the verbal equivalent of dual-wielded SMG's.

"How the hell were we supposed to know that everyone got a messiah of their own?  So what, we slightly maybe killed ours.  I bet everyone else has too!  He came in at a period in history that was... violent, from an occupied country, and stirred up shit with the leaders of said country, *and* the religious leaders to boot!  Hell, it was two thousand years ago, how are we accountable for their actions?

What have I ever done to deserve this?  I was born two thousand, one hundred and nine years after this, in an era where all he would have to do is get to a terminal and demonstrate a miracle.  He'd be on a fusion-jet within the hour to the Core Planet, where he'd demonstrate again, and the leaders of all twenty-nine planets would make a decision in his favour. 

He couldn't do that.  In thirty-three years, he managed to convince a few thousand people, out of millions.  Today, he could have reached millions in seconds.  Jesus didn't even know what China *was*, or that the Southern Hemisphere even existed.  You dropped a convict into the middle of a civilization with no planning and basic psychic tech and expected him to convince the world?  If we executed him, it's down to your organization's poor planning."

I stood, panting after the massive fillibuster I'd shot off at him.  I silently berated myself for my stupidity; I'd done the holy equivalent of punching Jesus in the face.  And then following up with a kick in the balls.  Actually, more piling on the pain and kicking him once he was down a few times too.  He'd probably lose a tooth at the end.

The floating priest made his decision.  "I'm going to give you another one.  Here's Kevin Williams."  He showed me Kevin, who looked like an Abra dated a pot plant, and it was born four months early.  *Oh Lord, how the hell do I convince people that this is the Messiah?*"  I thought, as I headed back to my shuttle.

--

For more stories and stuff, I have a subreddit: r/Thomas_633