As the power of the gods flows from belief, what could be more cruel than creating a god predicated on the absurdness of belief? The Flying Spaghetti monster was born an invalid, held in place by metaphor, and crippled by disbelief. The other gods teased and poked, but she was more like the sister with down syndrome--they sometimes bullied her, but more often brought small treats and other things to ease her suffering.

But all that ended the day the UN finally signed the "Freedom of Religion Bill" that enshrined the rights of any true believer not to be forced to violate their conscience: whether this was working on Sunday or serving food to homosexuals. Unfortunately for some, atheism was not a religion.

The membership in the now active church of the FSM skyrocketed. Of course, the government wasn't easily fooled, so the church adopted ceremony and sacrament, sin and virtue. Young children were taught with the sincerity of parents fearing for their safety and future.

And with this, her power grew, until one day the FSM appeared over New York. The other gods were amazed because something so visible was beyond their power despite having much larger and more sincere memberships. But they all had so many responsibilities, from curing disease, to helping with test scores, and finding love. The FSM's power came from focus--she had one purpose and one purpose only...

In a flash, her noodly appendages whipped out, striking seven times seventy minds simultaneously, before whipping them into another group. For three days she flew, her appendages striking and retreating, in a fury that would make Tarantino, nay even Michael bay proud.

On the evening of the third day at sunset she rested, having touched every mind. On the fourth day, she retreated into inactivity. On the fortieth day, the strongest of the gods finally fell ill, and on the seventieth the first of them died. Not all of the gods perished: some beliefs, especially in the minds of stubborn old grandmas and their beloved grandchildren cannot be altered. But it was enough that it took hundreds of years before the gods gained any sort of power. And never again did they pity the FSM.

For you see, while the other gods healed children and reassured molesters and murderers of their piety, she had only one purpose: to prove the absurdity of belief. And this was something she was very good at.