His grieves were just as tight and dexterous as he remembered. After shaking some of the cobwebs off he had finished gearing up to make things right. 

His boots squelched through the mud as he headed to the nearest tavern. Its insignia was on a mug that the robbers dropped while lashing their cart to his horse. 

He never would have been knocked over the head so easily back in the day. He was just distracted right now. His maiden had just been taken from him and in his quest to avenge her he had been injured and was moving slower. 

The jaunty singing could be heard all the way down the road. He knew he was close to the tavern but was unsure how far behind the robbers he was. 

One does not simply keep track of time while knocked out. 

Holding his injured side he pushed through the doors to be blasted with the stench of the old muggy tavern. These men had a keg. Not just any keg but one of the finest meads from the basement. Since the bartender was not gagged it was obvious some coin had been recently earned. 

Two whacks started it all as Wicked grabbed the club from one of the man's belt and took out both of his companions. The first crumpled in the crowd and the second took out the table holding the mead. A tidal wave of mead is enough to get anyones attention. 

A chair broke on his back but John rolled with the force to lessen the blow. The bearded roughian reached for his missing club as John made it smash through his knee. 

Three smashed tables, 13 shattered mugs, six broken chairs, two broken leuts, and one cowering bar tender later and Wicked was wiping his hands on an old rag while turning his attention back to the bearded man. 

"Where is my horse?"

"You will never see him agai...."

The bearded man's cries drowned out the rest of his reply as Wicked steps firmly on the misshapen leg. 

"The glue factory!!!!" 

Wicked narrows his eyes as he pulls a full keg of grogg from the counter onto the mans head. 

The smell of death indicated that he was getting close to the part of the stream where the glue works operated.  Wick walked into the sweaty place with his hand crossbow drawn. 

"Son have you brought me even more horses already?" Said the glue master whose back was to the door while he stirred a vat. 

The glue masters hounds alerted him to the fact something was amiss. 

Locking eyes with Wick the glue master's face hardens. 

"I was afraid of this. I knew the brand of your horse and feared this. My son said he smashed you hard enough on the head that you would never awake from the pile of mud where he left you. Seeing you tells me I will never see him again. This is regrettable and I am sorry. You should have known you could never retire. Your horse is not yet processed but now nothing will keep her alive."

His whistle brought the dogs. The shadows seemed to all shift and meld as dogs ran from every corner of the structure. 

Thwack, thwack, thwack. The hand crossbow did its work stopping three approaching hounds in their tracks. Wicked rolled out of the way of one and was immediately caught in the leg by another. Shaking the dog vigorously, Wicked stood up with exertion. Immediately kicking over the nearest vat, John made a wall of boiling goo separate the rest of the dogs from himself. 

With all of his focus and force John slowly pried open the locked jaws of the massive hound and threw him through one of the nearest open windows. 

His shoulder donned a few beautiful new feathers as two bolts sprouted from them. 

Up above, the glue master had got into the crosswalk and grabbed his hand crossbows. 

"John, this will be easy for me from this height. Don't waste the effort. Become kibble for the hounds like the remains of all the horses."

Each man were reloading their crossbows as John made his way between vats to hide behind the one closest to the stairs up. 

John's repeating crossbow sounded three times as he shot across the room flicking a piece of burning wood from one of the fires under the vats into the spilled sticky contents of the overturned vat. 

Black smoke billowed upward making the glue master's eyes burn and making him cough loudly. 

John dashed from behind his vat up the stairs as the glue master missed wide with both of his shots. 

The smoke and soot obscured the whole of the upper crosswalk. The glue master shook and cowered. He had reloaded his crossbows and swung them wildly at every movement in the smoke.

"John you should let it go! Move on. Life is for living. You dont wanna end it here!" 

From the side crosswalk the glue master hears John say, "Why couldn't your family just leave me and my maiden alone in retirement?"

Both of the glue masters bolts flew in the direction of John's voice. They were answered with two more bolts flying back out and knocking each of his crossbows from his hands. 

The glue master's hands shoot up as he backs against the rail. Wicked walks out with his crossbow trained on the glue master's chest.

"Listen. There is another way. If you ju..." Thwack. 

Over the edge goes the glue master, already dead when he lands in a boiling vat of goo. 

Wicked quickly jumps off of the crosswalk and lands on the first story near the back of the warehouse. The whole front half is up in flames and the dogs have long since fled. 

Wicked makes his way to the back where he knows the horses are held for processing. As he is sliding his hands on the wall in the smoke filled room looking for the door, he feels something at his feet. He reaches down to grab a wriggling mass in a blanket. Wicked pushes on and through the door. Into a room crowded with horses. 

Rolling and crawling he makes his way through the horses legs and to the back where he opens two large double doors. Wicked can hardly get out of the way as the nervous and pancking horses bolt through the doors. 

As the dust settles, one horse remains. His horse. He presses his forehead to hers and breathes out a sigh of release. He climbs onto her and she trots away as the warehouse explodes behind them. 

John Wicked opens the tattered blanket to reveal a little pug puppy.