5 of May, 1865
Springfield, Oregon


Christine Navarro,

It has been nearly a year since we've written. How's London? I've heard it's quite lovely there. I have missed you, my dear sister. Have you settled in alright? In your previous letter I could sense a twinge of apprehension. The kind you expressed when I went off to boarding school. But as you saw then God(s) saw fit that no matter went awry and surely the same luck will be with you.

Now on to the matters of which your letter inquired. My marriage. Well as you may recall my wife fell terribly ill two winters ago. I worried myself sick by her bedside, watching my darling Pheobe wilt in sickness. 

No doctor could fathom what possible ailments were upon her, so I was forced to turn to less reliable and less acceptable resources. You remember cousin Will's wedding, do you not? I refused to attend all but the reception, saying that it only brought the dreadful image of my ill Pheobe to mind. 

I know you are very smart, sister. And I assume you have begun to figure out what sort of ideology I resigned to to save her. The Occult was my only choice, Christine. If I could've gone another route and held my faith in my old God then would have held the cross to my chest and sworn loyalty to him. But there was no such route. 

I held her as she died. I watched the light drain from her smile, and the life and hope fade from her eyes. I felt so utterly, ever hopelessly alone... but as the black gloved hand of the the archdeacon, Meredith, calmed my tears and laid my wife's corpse in the circle of salt and bone, I wasn't alone. I trusted Ygfïrřepthæ to take care of my grief and they answered me. 

Christine... Ygfïrřepthæ let Pheobe smile again, and unbeknownst to me or anyone for that matter, had blessed us with a child within my wide. I could feel the baby move. But with a gift as becoming as the one they gave, I had a price to pay. I knew the price, and I was very willing to give up the payment. 

I spent a truly splendid weekend with Pheobe and our unborn. But then it was my turn to go. When Meredith brought the dagger down into my stomach, my body in the nude and drenched in another's blood, I didn't feel pain. 

For an instant, I saw them. They are beautiful. I can't even describe their form. Colours beyond our own wonderings, Ygfïrřepthæ's gracious and greedy eyes looked into mine. If I could describe them to you, sister, I would be describing a 5th dimension. It's impossible. 

But I only saw them for a moment. In almost a heartbeat I awoke in my Pheobe's arms. The price for her soul was mine own, and the same exchange was made in reverse. But Ygfïrřepthæ is a father and mother to us all, our maker and caretaker, or reaper and rearer. They did not accept Pheobe's soul a second time so my dearest was left well with our unborn within her. And I was alive as well, breathing in fresh, cold, Oregon Air. 

But we did pay a price. The price of pleasure. Whatever pleasures we indulge in, a healthy portion of it is for our lord Ygfïrřepthæ. The deer meant for our daughter's (whom we gave the name of Anne-Christine Navarro after you and Nana) 1st birthday, was only 40% ours to eat. The rest we lay out flayed and seered. And by morning there was merely a large, long bone with a black ribbon around the knob, stuck straight out of the rough ground. 

This sacrificial deal is in no way an issue for our family, it has become as standard a habit as it was to say grace before eating. Or to pray at church. After all, it must become a standard, unforgettable, routine. For if we forgo the ritual, Pheobe, Anne-Christine, and I will no longer be. Not in this world. Not in the next. Not even in a paradisical hell as would be our Eldritch lord's realm. Just no longer anywhere. 

Anyways! Your engagement excites me. Jacob Gattlings sounds like a fitting young man to marry my little sister. I can not wait to be back in our old home since Jacob and you have purchased the old property. I've been missing home. Farewells sister. I, my wife, and our Eldritch master, Ygfïrřepthæ, dutifully look forward to the wedding.


With affection and homesickness, 

Edward J. Navarro. 
