"Are you sure about this, Jori-Kel?" Asked the female Paladin.   
"Yes, Teysa. We *have* to cross this slim path and scale the mountain." Sighed a fed up Elven Ranger.   
"C'mon guys, it's only a climb up the mountain, Toot-Toot McBumbersnatch and I can climb the mountain and throw down some rope." Grunted the Dragonborn Barbarian Dirmavir. 

The Dragonborn and his fellow hairy Dwarven barbarian friend scaled the cliff no problem and threw down their rope as promised. 

"I dunno about this guys, we could get hurt." quivered Teysa.  
\*Meta-Game conversation\*  


The DM, Jordan gives a disappointing look towards a male who has role played the paladin.

"Alex, what the hell?" Jordan scolds. "You practically *begged* me to allow you to play an angel paladin, and you're turning into the biggest Jerk of the campaign. You've stood aside as the rest of us have all done most of the combat, you've tried to convert at least three players to lawful good, have been seen in the cities patrolling the taverns for 'sinners', and you made Jazmine leave the campaign for creeping her and her character out. You're on your last leg."

"I'm sorry," Alex begins twiddling his fingers, "but I feel like there is another way to traverse this mountain."

"Alex, we have no other choice. Either we stay and die to the weather, which is blistering winds and torrential storms. Or . . . we scale this damn mountain and get to the dungeon at the top." States the Elf player, Josh.  


Alex ponders his options a moment, and eventually makes up his mind.  


\*Back in universe\*  


"Alright, I'll walk the path and follow the trail up the mountain." States Teysa.  


"You're joking?" scoffs Jori-Kel.  


"Look, you all go about it your way, and I'll go about it *my* way." The angel adamantly states before staring off on the path.

&#x200B;

As the Elf gets support from the Barbarians and climbs up the cliffs, they must now wait for their comrade to join them.

\*Meta Game\*  


"Sorry for the interruption, was in the restroom. Has Alex made it up the mountain yet?" Asks Steven, the controller of Dirmavir.

  
"No, Steven. Alex won't just climb the mountain and is making us wait for his stupid angel paladin to walk the path." Groans Jordan.  


"Alex, either you suck it up and make it up the same as the others or we're not going to have a healer for this fight." States William, the player playing as Toot-toot.  


"No! I'll go about it my way." Alex stubbornly replies.  


Jordan, fed up with the antics of the paladin, goes into the other room. The players hear a conversation take place, but do not know what about. Jordan soon returns and has in hand another players character sheet.  


"So, since Brandon cannot make it tonight, I'll play it out for him." Jordan states as he grabs a handful of dice.  


\*Back in world\*  


"Hey guys, what's going on?" Asks a small gnome monk from the shoulders of Toot-toot.  


"Hey, Drennen. Teysa is making us wait on her to walk up the path while we all climbed up." Jori-Kel informs his friend.  


"You know . . .I have an idea that could save us sometime while we wait on her." The gnome smirks.

&#x200B;

"What is it?" Asks Dirmavir.  


"We just go on ahead without her. We're already near the dungeon doors. Why not go inside?"

&#x200B;

The party agrees unanimously and as they approach, a bolt of lightning strikes the ground as a storm-mage stands before them now and casts several lightning bolts and calls for his thrulls. As the party begins to engage in combat, one of the thrulls, a giant stone golemn grabs a chunk of the archway supporting the entrance to the dungeon and chucks it at the party, they all scramble to dodge.  


\*Meta\*  


"Roll for intiatives." Jordan demands.  


As the sounds of dice hitting the table seizes, the player all call out numbers.  


"18." calls Josh.  
  

"Nat 20!" Exclaims Will.  


"15." chimes Steven.  


Alex meekly looks up from his dice, and the players all close in on the player and see a bold "1" staring them in the face.  


\*In world\*  


The support misses the party, and sails over the heads of the party, and goes over the cliff. Drennen hops off his friend's shoulder to investigate, and sees a crater in the pathway. Teysa's body is nowhere to be found. As Drennen turns to face the party, he gives a solemn shake of his head as the friends realize their friend has perished. The party takes a moment to mourn, but secretly be happy the burden is off their minds.  


 