He had feared the day he'd see that robe again for well over 5000 years now, and it seemed today was the day.

Of course, back in the day people didn't really know what robes were, loincloths were the style of the time, but he picked up the concept sometime during the rise of the Roman Empire. Or was it Persia? Things started blurring together after some time. Now telling stories was a nightmare of sidetracking and anecdotes and whatnot...

Ah yes, the robe. He last saw it about 5200 years ago, right after Orag died. Hunting accident, nasty thing. Bear claw to the face. Well, anyway, right after Orga died, while he investigated the bear, he slipped. Accidentially stepped on a black piece of cloth, tripped and fell down to the ground.   
Before himself stood a skeleton, in it's hand a big, shiny thing he wouldn't regognize for centuries (later learned it was a scythe). Of course, later he'd also learn just who he stripped by accident in the middle of the woods.

Right now, that same person stood before him. So today would be the day his life would finally end. After 5221 years of living, he, once known as Thenak by his tribe, would be taken by Death himself. He steeled himself for the inevitable.

''ENJOYING YOUR IMMORTALITY?'' The voice was as intimidating as it had been 5200 years in the past, bone-chilling some would say. ''THAT TEACHES YOU TO STEP ON MY ROBE, YOU PUNK.'' Thenak blinked in surprise. Did Death... did he think that was punishment or something? The biggest blessing he had ever received? ''SPEECHLESS, HUH? GOT NOTHING TO SAY?'' Not really sure how to react, Thenak did, what Thenak had always done in these kinds of situations: He ran. There was a reason that bear got Orga and not him. 

Death, the Grim Reaper, Ender of all Life, Fourth rider of the apocalypse just stood there, feeling satisfied, but also somewhat confused. Most people that got that treatment groveled and begged him when they saw him again, not that he really listened to them. But running away? That was a first. ''SEEMS LIKE HE STILL HASN'T LEARNED BASIC MANNERS,'' Death decided for himself. ''ANOTHER 5000 YEARS SEEMS APPROPRIATE.''  
