"God damn it!"  I muttered as I aimlessly walked through the house in a drunken stupor, slamming my big toe into the edge of the coffee table.

In an instant, everything changed.  The fog of my alcohol induced bliss was gone, along with the pain radiating from what I was sure was a broken toe.  All that wine, wasted in an instant, but it was a decent trade off to no longer be agonizing over my toe.  It took me a moment to comprehend that I was no longer in my living room, but instead walking no a cloud.

"Okay..."  I shook my head quickly.  "I've literally drank myself straight into the dream world."

I was sure that I was actually laying on my couch, passed out with another episode of *Santa Clara Diet* playing on Netflix.  Hopefully I would remember which episode I left off on...  I took a step and it was like walking in a two day old mud puddle with the slushy dirt squeezing between my toes.  When I lifted my right foot, it was clean and pristine, even if the feeling of mud remained.  A few seconds later, I saw a figure approaching me.  The figure was bathed in light, glimmering like Edward from Twilight, but in a way that actually looked cool.  He looked to be a hundred years old, but moved like a teenager.

"Hello, I'm God."  The long white haired man said with a warm, welcoming smile.

"Right, and I'm the President of the United States."  I retorted quickly--sarcasm was real, even in my drunken dream.

"No, I doubt you're even qualified for something as simple as that, much less the one I'm about to give you."  He chuckled.

"Man, can I just wake up now?  Sleeping on the couch always leaves me with a sore back."  I groaned.

"You're not dreaming, John."  He replied.  "I really am God and this is Heaven.  You used my name in vain and I am going to strike you down where you stand!"  His fist curled into a lightning bolt.

"Wait, hold up..."  I watched the energy around his fist get larger.

"I'm just messing with you, John.  Remember how you went online a couple of days ago and posted on Reddit about how terrible God is, if he's actually real?"  He stared at me with eyes that seemed to take on the fire of a sun.

"Yeah?"  I did remember that post but it was nothing more than a drunken adventure online after two bottles of wine.

"Well I took took offense to that, John.  I am tired of you mortals complaining about how you could do a better job than me, about how awful I am, how I just ignore everything you ask for."  His face clenched in anger.  "You think you can do a better job?  Fine, you're God now!"

In an instant, the celestial light surrounding God spun into a swirl and shot straight for me.  I tried to dodge, but it wrapped around me like Spider-Man being consumed by the Venom symbiote, crawling up my legs and slithering around my arms.  I felt like I was no longer a real person, like I was just pure energy.  I took a step and no longer felt like I was walking in mud, I felt like I was the cloud and they existed only for me.

"Come on."  He motioned.  The old man's glow was gone.  "Sit right here in this chair."

"Okay..."  I looked at the golden throne for a moment and then commanded myself to sit in it and I was there instantly.

"You're getting the hang of it.  Good."  He chuckled.  "You get to be God for a day."

"What do I do, just sit here?"  I asked.

"Just close your eyes and you'll start hearing the prayers of everyone in the world.  Pick and choose the ones you want to answer.  I think you'll see that it isn't as easy as you think it is."  He turned and started to walk away.

"Wait, where are you going? Shouldn't you stay here to make sure I don't screw things up?"  I asked quickly as the power started to really take hold.

"Nah, I'll fix whatever you screw up when I get back.  I haven't had a vacation since I created the universe."  He shrugged.  "I think it's time I finally watched Game of Thrones."

"So I can just do anything?"  I asked absently, already knowing that was true.

"Whatever you want, just close your eyes and let those prayers come in."  He smiled before disappearing into a beam of light.

I took a deep breath and closed my eyes.  Suddenly I was overwhelmed with what felt like millions of voices speaking in my head all at once.  The strange thing was I could actually hear them all at the same time and process exactly what they were asking for.  I started cataloging them, but before I could, many of them were unanswered.  An old woman crying to God for her husband's life.  Before I could react, he was dead and she was cursing my name.  A child bleeding on the sidewalk begged for his life, but before I could grant the request, he was standing at the Pearly Gates staring at St. Peter.  I tried to focus...time was my enemy.  Prayers flooded in faster and faster.  A young boy begging for the love of a young girl he cherished.  I started to grant it, but then I saw their entire future and saw him grow into a man that eventually killed her.  I heard a prayer for rain and was on the verge of granting it until I saw dozens of car accidents that could result in fatalities from a the sudden rainstorm nobody was expecting.

"Okay, fuck this."  I opened my eyes and shook my head.  "That's impossible."

In an instant it became crystal clear why God couldn't help everyone.  Even with all of the celestial power I had, I couldn't stop time--I tried--it didn't work.  Every prayer I granted would have consequences and I could see all of them before I granted that request.  I closed my eyes again and tried to help people that were dying, but every life I saved was a drop in the bucket.  Thousands died when I shifted my focus to help one.  How could I pick and choose?  Then it hit me.  It *was* up to me to pick and choose.  I was God.  I felt overwhelmed and weary from the number of people cursing my name, angry that I didn't answer their prayers.

I decided that prayers were useless.  I stood up from the chair and just focused on the planet.  I doubled the intelligence of everyone alive except for the smartest, brightest young people.  I gave them ten times the normal amount of intelligence they had and increased their wisdom so they would use it wisely.  I cut the amount of food and sleep necessary for people to 10% of what it currently was.  I continued making upgrades until my time was almost near.  When I saw God approaching, ready to reclaim his mantle, I completed my final action...

"Wasn't as easy as you thought huh?  Couldn't even stay in the chair for a whole day?"  He smiled.

"See for yourself."  I motioned with my hand and gave his power back to him.

"What?"  He looked around in confusion.  "What did you do?!"

"It was easy.  The system itself was broken.  Maybe being the benevolent all powerful being worked when there weren't that many people on Earth, but your creation is far bigger than you can manage, so I gave people the power to help themselves."  I shrugged.

"I don't hear any prayers..."  He walked to his throne and sat down.  "None at all..."

"That's because you no longer have any power."  I replied.

"What? No."  He curled his fist and nothing happened.  "How did you..."

"I eliminated God." I said calmly.  "People no longer believe in an all-powerful deity.  They believe the only way to get help is to help themselves.  Don't worry, they'll still show up here when their life is over to live in the Heavens for eternity, but they won't spend their lives focused on that."

"You're mad!"  He shook his head.  "You've ruined everything!"

"No, I fixed it.  The power of God is now spread equally throughout the world."  I walked over to the old man and placed a hand on his shoulder.  

"You don't understand.  People will kill each other.  They'll fight for control of the planet.  Didn't you read about Hitler in school?"  His mouth fell open in shock.

"People are too smart for war now.  They know the sun will consume their planet and within a couple of years, they'll work out the equation to arrive at the exact day.  They're smart enough to figure out the future without just being able to see it.  They're smart enough to figure out space travel, to go faster than the speed of light, to colonize the entire universe."  I smiled.

"Wow..."  He said in shock.  "I never thought of that."

"You were too busy obsessing over people stubbing their toe and bitching about it to you."  I laughed.

"I guess I was..."  He nodded.  "Well then...  Let's go."

"Go?  Go where?"  I asked.

"Oh, while I was on my vacation I went ahead and downloaded the last two seasons of Game of Thrones from the future.  Let's go see who dies next."  He waved for me to follow.
