"I think we all know why we are here," the Zilem Planet Representative said.

"Earth," the group said in unison, exasperation edging into the lone syllable.

"Yes, indeed," he said softly. "It is my understanding that the Ceamnese have called this meeting. This is, as you all know, the ninth meeting about the behavior of Earth... this week. Just as with the other meetings, Earth's representatives have refused to defend the actions of the human race in this meeting. I believe they said they would, 'Rather stay home and watch TV.'" 

The Zilem Representative sighed audibly, but after seeing the very concerned expressions around the table, quickly continued, "We have, of course, conducted a thorough sweep for bombs, poisons, and elaborate... 'booby traps,' I believe they called them," he said, and then cleared his throat pointedly.

"Have they ever sent anyone to these meetings?" a large, muscular creature in the corner asked.

"I think they sent someone once..."

"Nope," the Zilem Representative stated bluntly.

"Yes. Yes, they sent that rather hairy human one time."

"Wasn't a human," he replied with a sigh, "It was a... chimp? I believe they call them chimps."

"Yes, yes! Rather despondent individual, he was."

"Seemed appropriately repentant to me," the Qealph Representative said, flipping her hair gently over her shoulder.

"Really cheered when those strange oblong, yellow Earth snacks were served afterward, though," said Ef' Representative in a bright tone.  

The Zilem representative cleared his throat and said, "Would the representative from Ceamn please stand and explain?"

"Certainly," the creature said politely as he stood. "Well, we asked the Earthlings some two zokils past to please refrain from dumping their trash into our oceans."

Everyone at the table breathed in sharply.

"Representative Ceamn, you would provoke them in this way?" the Qealph Representative asked in hushed tones.

"Yes, well... yes. I will admit that it was a bold request, but we had simply had enough. They replied that... well... they said that their trash was in our waters, which meant it was now their property... so they now had a right to retrieve their property that was unlawfully taken."

The room fell into a confused silence until one of the representatives leaned to the right and whispered, "What?"

"That's... what they said. I'm not sure how they came to the conclusion, they provided no reasoning, but the long and short of it is that they are now pumping our water supply into their water tower ships and leaving with it."

The room fell into a confused silence until one of the representatives leaned to the right and whispered louder, "What?"

"I..." the Ceamn Representative trailed off and shrugged instead, so as to express something along the lines of, "I have no idea."

"They're probably trying to replace all of the water they wasted from that time they tried to extinguish the Aeron System's sun?"

"Or when they did that... the game... what did they call it again?"

"Slip and Slide."

"Yes! The Slip and Slide... Space Edition, I believe they called it."

"Yes... many of their top leaders perished," the Qealph Representative said sadly.

"Well, not after they sloped it so that it went quick enough to justify no oxygen tanks."

"No, you're getting mixed up, Representative Zilem. They were still perishing rapidly even after the slope. No one died after they remembered to put in a landing platform."

There was another silence.

"They really tried to extinguish a sun by spraying water at it?" the Zilem Representative said abruptly. 

"Yeah... but I mean, it didn't work."

"Well, what if it had though?!"

"Why'd they do that again?"

"Because the Aeronians were slightly late for a dinner meeting and Earth felt they 'needed a gentle reminder about politeness.'"

"Reminds me of that time they threatened to throw their sun at us."

"That is just egregious!"

"I agree. I tried to call them on it in the meeting. I said it was a ridiculous threat. I have to give it to them though, they doubled down on it. They kept insisting they had a lasso big enough to... what word did they use... 'wrangle' their sun. They said after that, throwing it at us was no problem."

"Wouldn't their own world grow cold and die?"

"I asked about that. I pointed it out rather quickly after the plan came to light. They said they already had the lasso and that retrieving another would be 'no damn problem at all.' I left it at that and backed down."

Another brief silence ensued.

"Well, I mean, you couldn't risk the lives of your people like that," the Qealph Representative said in a gentle way.

The Zilem Representative cleared his throat again. "Has the Ceamn Representative reached out to try and come up with a more, eh, diplomatic solution?"

The Ceamn Representative stood again. "Yes, sir. We mentioned that we could simply recycle the waste for them."

"And?"

"They responded that it, 'sounded like something little girls would do,' and then afterward only responded with 'little girls' to each of our inquiries."

"What is this word, 'girls?'" the Ef' Representative asked.

"I am not sure. We thought it might be a translation error given the sheer number of times they sent us the message, but it didn't take long to gather that it was actually meant as an insult."

The conference room's large doors slid open and a messenger arrived. "Sir, a representative from Earth has arrived."

"Finally!"

"Maybe now we can—"

"It is the chimp again."

"This is absurd!"

The chimp waddled over to the empty seat at the table and climbed up into it, and then climbed up onto the table itself. It wore a crisp white t-shirt, emblazoned with neon pink letters that spelled out, "CEAMN SUXX."

In one of its giant black hands, it held a small pink piece of paper. The chimp walk-crawled across the table and handed it to the Zilem Representative. 

He read it slowly then crumpled it up.

"What did it say, sir?" the Ef' Representative asked.

"It said, 'Pink letters, for the little girls present."

A quiet filled the room as they all looked at the chimp.

"Someone please bring those snacks back out for the... Representative," the Zilem asked. "All in favor of a strongly worded letter asking the humans to cease the thieving of water from Ceamn?"

Everyone save for the Ceamn Representative raised a hand.

"Okay then, that's settled," said the Zilem Representative.

"I'm not sure that will be enough."

"Maybe not," the Zilem answered. "But I suspect it will be a lot like the time they challenged the ownership of our home planet. They insisted our leadership compete in a staring contest. After a few minutes, they simply got bored and wandered off."

--------

Edit: Thank you so much for the gold, mysterious benefactor, and thank you to everyone for all of the comments and upvotes. I'm inexpressibly flattered that you thought this story was worth it. :)