The War Council’s table was large enough to comfortably seat ten, which meant that the four of them had ample space between them. They waited patiently for Vorporl to usher the last of the attendants out, unfurl the banners outside which read “War Council In Session”, then shutter the heavy wooden doors.

“Are you sure… they can’t hear us from outside?” asked Groggzor, with his grip still firmly around his war-axe.

“What kind of genie do you take me for?” Vorporl said, as he swirled in a purple cloud back to the head of the table. “This be the third such session, Warchief, and no spy has yet uncovered what it is we do here.”

“They had better not,” said Curllex, as she drummed her long, deformed digits on the table. “I come here at great risk, and my people still think I am here to fan the flames of war. Even the lowest goblin will rise up against me if they knew the truth.”

“Not just you, not just you,” said Nymae, her voice hushed by the dark cowl which perpetually shrouded her features. “I hold much sway yet over the night elves, but ‘tis would beggar belief. I risk just as much as anyone here.”

Nefatim, surly as always, merely nodded, concentrating as he did on animating the rat skeleton before him.

“Time slips by so fleetingly,” said Vorporl, as he clapped his hands. “Welcome back, my friends, to yet another heart-stilling, pulse-stopping, mind-numbing session of the greatest decadence. It is, once again, the moment for you to cast your minds back to that rift we tore, those glimpses of a world we saw… and play *Serene Suburbia*, a campaign like no other, set in the mystical world of *Suburbs and SUVs*…”

Vorporl concentrated, and turned purple briefly as the magic spilled out of him, washing over the table, his guests, the chamber, spinning an illusion so complete that even Nymae had difficulty piercing through the veil.

“Character sheets?”

The four of them nodded conspiratorially as they thumped the sheafs of parchments before them. There was a fifth amongst them once, long ago, but Vorporl had not taken kindly to the kobold knight’s habit of being forgetful. Vorporl was an Ancient Antiquity, with vast reserves of magic at his command, and it had not taken much to reduce the offender to dust.

No one ever forgot their character sheets after. Everyone even volunteered to bring extra dice.

“Good, good,” said Vorporl, “it is always heartening to see that you care. And where we last left off, was Groggzor returning from a long and draining day from work. It is dinnertime, and will you, or will you not, end the evening in peace? Or will this road lead you down to one of carnage and bloodshed? We shall find out, as Groggzor opens the door, and walks in with his head down…”

Cruallax emptied a bag on the table, and various odds and ends tumbled out. She almost screeched in glee. “Ooh, ooh, I’ve got an Apron of Sensitivity + 1! I see Groggzor coming in, so I roll for a Perception check!”

She handed over the token of her hard-fought enchanted armor, and Vorporl ran a quick check to confirm it was not counterfeit. He nodded, then the dice rolled.

“Ah, and so it is that you sense that Groggzor is troubled! What do you say next, Cruallax?”

“*Nothing!*” said Cruallax. “I’ve learned my lesson! I will retrieve a frigid Ale from the icechest instead, hand it over to Groggzor, then leave him be while I continue preparing dinner!”

Vorporl fought to stifle his smile. Goblins were naturally disadvantaged in many ways, and had only kept their seat on the War Council by being twice as brutal as the next species. Cruallax may have been Queen for over a decade, but her rule would corrode as soon as she ever demonstrated a softer side.

“Aha!” said Vorporl, as he consulted his tome. “Your good intentions are at risk, Cruallax! An Event of Politically Incorrect Sexism lurks about the corner! If you fail this roll, Groggzor will reject your kind offer, and castigate your action as a manifestation of female oppression!”

“Noooo,” Groggzor bleated, as his face fell. “Groggzor want drink frigid Ale! Be nice to Groggzor too!”

“Not up to you, old boy. Go on, Cruallax, make the roll!”

Two dice came up low, and the last spun on its axis as they all held their breath. Vorporl ran a tough campaign, and he never pulled his punches. One single mistake could easily multiply, and they would be swimming in blood before they knew it.

“You… made it!” said Vorporl. “Groggzor accepts your entreaty! He is pleased!”

“Groggzor thankful,” he said, the grin spreading across his cheeks. “Groggzor like Ale given without hate. Groggzor also like when no keep ask Groggzor to kill for clan, and give Groggzor some time.”

“Groggzor is appeased,” said Vorporl. “He kicks his feet up, reads the evening paper, and the warm aroma wafting out of the kitchen only serves to wash away his fatigue and remind him of the precious family he has. Then, the pitter patter of feet, and his children tumble down the stairs. They embrace him, then sit before him, asking him to tell them about his day. Nymae, Nefatim, what say you?”

The two looked at each other, then nodded. Nymae, used to taking the lead, spoke for the two of them.

“We are both Not Irritating and Quite Understanding,” she said, as she picked from the tokens before them, holding up their treasured spoils from past campaigns. “My brother and I acquired these Qualities from vanquished foes, and we employ them now. We are grateful for anything our father says, and instead we start heading off to help set the dinner tab-”

“No. No do,” said Groggzor, as he slammed his fist down on the table. “No do. Me roll. Me roll, me want to tell story.”

Silence, as Vorporl calculated the odds, and the other players swallowed carefully.

“Me want tell story. Me roll.”

“Erm, Groggzor, hey,” said Nymae. “Look, how about you let us pass this Event, then after, when Vorporl’s gone, how about we listen to your story then?”

“No, no do,” said Groggzor, as his veins popped out. He was obviously struggling for control, and he kept his voice low, lest a battlecry seep out uncontrollably. “Me do story. No one care for Groggzor story, and me want tell.”

Vorporl sighed, then handed the dice over. It was understandable, in a way. Barbarians were hardly known for their eloquence, and as fate would have it, the one person in their entire fiefdom who should be so smitten by the Bard’s Curse would be their leader, the one person who should have washed himself of every undesirable trait and quality.

“Be my guest. But remember, fail the check, and your children will get bored with your story. They will not pass their Rebellion check, and angered, you will strike them down, sever their limbs from their body…”

“Me roll.”

They only realized they were holding their breaths after the last die came to a complete stop.

“… you passed,” said Vorporl, half in amazement. “With a Charisma count of negative one, you actually passed.”

Groggzor was all smiles as he turned to his ‘children’.

“Groggzor go to building to work. On way, woman fall down, and hurt her knee. Help, she say, my blood leave me! Me scream! She scream! No cleric to cast Cure Light Wound! Me find hunter lurking nearby, me ransack his body to find Salve! Me put on woman, she have new leg, she thank me. Me like, real smart, very stable genius. Story end.”

Nefatim’s pet rat, bleached a few shades whiter from the caustic power of the crappy story, scuttled off the table in search of a hiding place.

“… good job, Groggzor,” said Vorporl. “Moving on, Nymae, Nefatim, it is now your turn. Your father has given both of you a handful of sweets from work. You both know you will soon Squabble over the division of the loot. Now, the Squabble has an encounter rating of 30, which means that even working together, it is likely that you will end up quarrelling-”

A sharp rap on the doors, and the party fell silent.

“Vorporl! I bring grave tidings! The dragons to the south, they are marauding again! They threaten the very existence of the five Kingdoms! Please, open the door, convene a full War Council! We must fight for our survival!”

All four of them sighed as they divided up their tokens, received the Experience and Life Skills stubs Vorporl was handing out, then secreted their character sheets away. A glumness had descended upon them, like a carnivorous slime.

“Cheer up,” said Vorporl. “We meet again fourteen moons from today, after the dragons are vanquished. Maybe then, we will have a bit more time to enjoy a bit more *Serenity*. Until then…”

“… just more bloodshed,” said Nefatim, the only words he spoke that day.

---

/r/rarelyfunny 
