It was already late in the evening and I was tired but I could not resist. On my lap was the wordless, illustrated instructions for building the IKEA SKANOR. “This could be a bit of fun,” I thought as I laid out all the components onto the living room floor, neatly putting the screws and Hex keys into tidy little piles.

I was ready to begin my first IKEA project. At first, the overriding emotion was excitement. Assembling this newly bought IKEA furniture would be a way of indulging my distinctly underwhelmed and sorely disappointed inner-child. 

You see, as a boy, I had always thought big – I had dreams of creating magnificent art or titanic structures that would be remembered through the annals of time. I had fantasized of becoming an astronaut or a truly great pioneer – anything that would impress other people and have them talking about my achievements for generations to come. I would have done anything for that sense of glory. Even have made a deal with the devil himself – I even had a funny dream about that exact thing happening one night (I ate far too much cheese before bedtime at that age).

At the age of thirty-seven, I had realised the rather more realistic ambition of middle management in a small post office branch in a small town in Durham. 

Now, I am not calling this a failure by any means - but it is hardly a career for forging a famous legacy.

So, in a humble way, putting together an IKEA cabinet would be my redemption. It would be no Venus de Milo but it would be something physical that I had put together independently. So I set about it, ready to achieve something I could be proud of in a small but contented fashion. 

Several hours later, my first foray into my IKEA ‘construction project’ could only be considered a complete and utter shambles. The initial excitement I had had evaporated, leaving only a crushing sense of disappointment. 

The SKANOR lay unfinished on the floor, covered in blood.  Quarter of an hour into the building, just before midnight, there had been a power cut, plunging the whole room into darkness. I quickly went to the cupboard and fetched some candles. I would not be stopped by something so inconsequential as a complete loss of light – oh no, not I. 

I arranged the five candles around me into a star shape so that each pile of widgets would be suitably illuminated and reached for the hammer to start embedding the pegs again – I had already made a few mistakes up to this point. 

Now, I don’t know whether it was the poor lighting, tiredness, or just my overwhelming ineptitude to putting together flat pack furniture but, on the second swing of the hammer, I completely missed the peg and split my thumb open. A hot gush of blood spouted from my hand all over the two beams of wood which I had laid down upon the floor in the shape of a cross (to muffle the sound of my banging – I didn’t get on with my neighbours but there was no need to be inconsiderate).

Now, what happened next was rather curious. You see, I am not by nature a blasphemous man, but as the clock struck 12 I ejaculated a wicked order of expletives all denouncing the good Lord’s name. I am not proud of it but, holding aloft the largest Hex key, I shouted so loud I would have woken up the neighbours anyhow, making the conditions to the accident in the first place entirely redundant. Typical.   


“Why have you forsaken me Lord?" I screamed - my voice sounding low and gravelly because I had a sore throat at the time. "Curse you in the name of SKANOR. May you too experience the mortal anguish that your creation, IKEA furniture, hath (I also have a bit of a lisp) brought to man.”

A terrible change in air pressure suddenly happened in the room and I felt like my ears were about to pop. The candles around me started to flicker and the MDF planks of wood began to smoulder.

The centre of the cross on the floor crumbled away, being replaced by a swirling red-black vortex. To my amazement, a thin red finger arose and signaled for me to come closer. 

My thumb was smarting but I could not really focus on that now. I crept towards the vile looking digit and stopped as it pointed up.

“Just what are you?” I asked.

“Pleased to meet you,” a voice snarled. “I’m glad you guessed my name. What's puzzling you is the nature of my game.”

“Are you paraphrasing the rolling stones?” I asked in astonishment. “I’d be very careful. You should know, they don’t mess about with copyright infringement.” 

“Your time has come,” the leering voice continued. “It’s time to do great things,” it snarled from the other dimension. 

“What do you mean?” 

“My name is SKANOR fulfiller of evil children’s wishes. I also share a name with a popular brand of IKEA furniture but that’s just coincidental. When you were eight years old, you made a deal with me. I have been waiting for this time to come. Finally, tonight, you have completed the ritual.”

Before I knew what was really happening, I being pulled into the first circle of hell. 

Now I’m leading a full demon parliament in a revolutionary fight against all the archangels and the holy trinity. All because I didn’t make the sensible choice of starting an IKEA set at a sensible time in clear daylight.

I guess it’s true what they say. Good things come to those who wait. Or in this case, bad things come to those who wait. I suppose that it depends on your perspective of what good means. I live in hell now. My moral leanings are all skewed. 