"Aaah. There you are." I plucked him from the ground with tweezers. "I knew this was your little hill."

The ant squirmed apologetically. I'd grabbed it by the back leg, so each twitch swung it back and forth. It could not escape my tweezers before I dropped it in a glass jar. "You got another one, boss?"

"Book 'em." I passed my spectral friend the ant jar. He manifested skeleton hands to carry the jar and open our chest of prisoners. "Our next 'escaped convict,'" I began, using industry slang, "is a pyromaniac named... I can't quite get a name." I focused with all my might. Sometimes the way the wheel of reincarnation squeaked could be hard to parse. "I'm guessing they're a salamander, or some other little lizard."

My spectral friend finished writing in his notebook and his skeleton hands melted like ice. "How long will we be out here? We gonna spend all week out here catching bugs and lizards?"

"You got it, buddy. A hundred Astral Credits a jar. And if you want your cut, you stop complaining."

"Most of the bugs are already dead. Didn't even put air-holes in some of these jars."

"Some prisons got the gall to send me info for convicts without paying union dues," I said. "Give 'em their old prisoners dead. Make them pay us to chase them down again. We've got all eternity, son, let the wheel of reincarnation print us money long as it spins."

"One of these is just a plant," he said. I ignored him and hopped across a continent. He appeared beside me. "You can come back as a fucking tulip?"

"It's a Petunia. They were named Petunia. They came back as a Petunia." I blocked the sun from my eyes. The hot desert rocks housed a hundred sunning lizards. "Puns are low-effort comedy, and like water, life takes the lowest-effort route down the water-wheel. Of life. You dig?"

"I suppose." He floated over the desert and checked out the lizards baking on rocks. "So what happened to me? How'd I get stuck playing astral-office-boy?"

"Because God hates me." I ignored the sunning lizards and checked under rocks and in bushes. "Nah, kid, you're alright, I'm just cranky 'cause Roy beat me to a big one last cycle. Serial murderer brought back as an elephant. I spent weeks tracking it and setting up an ambush. Roy comes in with his 'favors' and 'privileges' 'afforded' to rich 'twats' like him. Steals the elephant from under my nose." I sighed. I was too old for this shit. "What happened to you is the same thing that happened to all of us bounty-hunters, kid. Some people choose it. You probably didn't, since you don't know."

"Why? What is it?"

"To be one of us, kid, you gotta die in a fire." I wiped sweat from my brow. "I prepared for years before I offed myself in a crematorium. You probably got caught in a car crash."

"Yeah, I remember that." He make a skeleton hand and pointed to a rock. "Maybe that little lizard?"

"What did I tell you, kid? Look for the guilty-looking ones. If they're sunning themselves, they're fine. Find the ones who're hiding."

"But look!"

I looked too late. I'd heard a slow gurgling earlier, but I assumed it was my own stomach. The lizard spat acid in my eye. My face melted down my brown trench-coat. "Shit!"

"Let's get outta here. We'll come back when you're all cleaned up." My spectral friend tried to teleport, but couldn't. "Hey, what's up?"

I sighed. Some of my bare teeth dribbled from my boney jaw. "I knew Roy would pull this shit. He hid their name. There must have been a spitting pun, or an acid pun, or something. And he's locked us here. Asshole."

"Lizard's not too big, though." My spectral friend dropped the lizard into a jar. It hissed and spat. "But how do we get back now?"

"Same way you got here in the first place, kid. Let's go die in a fire."

