She kept her head down, walking through the city to her subway. Her headphones were in, but silent. Her glasses were dark, even though it was a cloudy day. Anything to avoid people. 

It wasn't that she didn't like people. In fact, she was envious of almost every human interaction she saw. Out of the corner of her eye, sitting on the train, a couple of teenagers laughed – carefree. A woman was having a very animated conversation with a friend across from her. Obviously new lovers fawned over each other at the back. That was what she envied most – love. At any stage. She especially would love to even suffer through a divorce. 

Instead, Hope knew she was cursed. Her shrink thought she was making this up, that it was just a series of coincidences that fueled her obsessive-compulsive traits. However, she knew better. 

Suddenly, a man sat beside her jostling into her backpack. “Sorry,” he said sheepishly, “I am not used to the ramble of the train.” Hope protectively brought her backpack up onto her lap and turned slightly away.  “I'm new to the city,” the man persisted, ignoring her headphones. Perhaps he couldn't see them? “How long have you been here?”. Idle chit-chat. If only she could risk speaking to him. It was her stop; she was saved from this tempting torture. 

Hope bustled out of the train, pulling her backpack on and walking briskly through the station. She bounded up the stairs in twos, enjoying the blast of the cool fall air on her face when she emerged. Hope walked the last block to her job, the most suitable job for her – record keeping at the city hall. She worked in the basement, mostly alone except for a dowdy old woman named Barb who kept to herself until she retired last month. Now Hope was in charge and left alone. She doubted if anybody even remembers she was there, to be honest. 

Just as Hope settled into her office, the man from the train flashed into the room smiling. 

“Oh hey! From the train!” He stated. His grin was charming and fearless.

“I, ugh, can I help you?” Hope blurted. She almost had forgotten what her voice sounded like. Melodic, sweet, unworn by lack of use. 

“My apologies, I'm Tim – the new assistant record keeper. Apparently, a woman retired so I was lucky enough to nail this job. I moved here from New Jersey just last week; wow has it been a whirlwind, packing, finding a place, unpacking... Oh, I'm sorry,” he paused, noticing her obvious bewilderment, “I tend to ramble!”

Great. A man, and a rambler. A handsome man at that... “Okay... Tim... I'm Hope,” she flushed, “well, I suppose let's get you trained.” They stood staring at each other. Tim started to ramble again, about his family in New Jersey. 'This is going to be a long couple of weeks...' Hope thought, secretly praying there was something she wouldn't like about this man.

_________________

I just can't understand my new co-worker, Hope. She was a beautiful, smart, and secretly witty woman who would suddenly shy away from any interaction with me. There was some sort of invisible line that I can't see, and when I cross it, she retreats into that head of hers with incredible speed. One minute her eyes would twinkle, the next, she may as well be wearing those dark sunglasses she seemed to wear like a child's safety blanket. 

Despite her retreats, I have to admit - I am infatuated. I decided to win her trust, no matter the cost. 

_________________

I cried when Tim left me flowers in my office. I cried like I hadn't cried in years. I read his note over and over and cried. I knew he'd be in soon, even though it was Saturday, because of his note:

“Hope – I cannot get you out of my mind. When your eyes twinkle, my stomach flutters with joy. I want to spend every day, for as long as you let me, trying to make you smile. I know you planned on catching up today, but instead, I'll be by in the morning to finally do some touristy things you keep recommending. 

You're special, Hope. ~Tim”

I looked at the clock. It had been an hour of crying, and I hadn't made a plan. An escape plan. How to get out of this? Do I flat out refuse? Tell him I'm a lesbian?? Okay, now I was just grasping at straws. Perhaps I would leave and pretend I had changed my mind? Yes! That's what... just then, the door opened. 

“Hope?” Tim said quietly, entering the office, “Did my note... upset you?” He could tell that I was crying. I'm sure anybody with a set of eyes could tell I was crying. 

“I...I...” I stuttered. 

“It's okay,” Tim looked at his shoes, “I'll go.” Not knowing what to say, my heart swelling with emotions, I let him leave in silence. 

I slumped into the chair, prepared for another round of horrible sobs to wrack over me. I reached for the note, just to torture myself again when a loud thump came from the basement door. 

“Tim?” I said quietly into the silence, not knowing why I thought that was him. A horrible thought came over me. A very dark, horrible thought that caused panic to rise up in my throat.

“Tim!?” I flew to the door, logically knowing I was being ridiculous, but my fear couldn't be controlled. I whipped open the door, and suddenly it was all very real.

Slumped against the door, Tim was bent at an unusual angle. He'd fallen down the cement stairs. He wasn't moving. I held a shaky hand by his face to feel his breath and found none. I fell on top of him, bile rising to my throat, not again! 

“Tim...” I choked out. How can this be? I didn't love him... wait, the flowers. The card. The tears, and then... when he left after seeing I was upset. I had fallen in love, of course I had. I was starved for any interaction, any kindness, and when he walked away he had done what others wouldn't. He showed me that he cared for me more than he cared about his ego or his feelings, and done what I had needed him to do.

“Hope?” My heart stopped. I swear it stopped right then. Did he just..? “Hope?” Tim said again. Suddenly he was straightening up, bones were cracking, and he was standing. 

“Tim?!” I screeched, it echoed through the stairwell. 

“Hope, don't be frightened, please...” Tim looked shameful, embarrassed even. 

“What the fuck?!” I shouted, confused and shaken. “You were DEAD!” 
_________________

I looked into those terrified eyes, and it was like looking into a mirror. I had been careful to avoid anything dangerous all of my life. I took public transport instead of driving a car. I accepted a job in a records office, the most mundane safe thing I could think of. I rarely left my apartment, and I made sure that it was on the ground floor. The only thing I couldn't avoid were these damn stairs, and now she knew. 

“Hope I can explain...” I started, but honestly, I had no idea how to explain this. When I was a boy, I had fallen into a neighbours pool when nobody was around. I couldn't swim, and I knew I was a goner. I had sunk to the bottom when I could no longer keep my head above water. It burned as I took what I believed was my final breaths, but then the escape of death didn't come. I have no idea how long I waited to die until I simply got bored, as children do, and brought myself to safety. 

For years, I thought it was either a miracle or something I had dreamed up. That was until the car accident in high school. My best friend and his girlfriend were killed instantly, but I was left unscathed. I had felt every single bone break, even the puncture to my lung, and watched the blood pool around me. By the time the ambulance arrived, I didn't have a mark on me. I was immortal. 

I suddenly clutched Hope, the first person who even had an inkling of what I was, and whispered my story into her ear as she sobbed quietly into my chest. 

_________________


Tim was still hugging me. He had finished what seemed like ages ago, and it seemed impossible to process what he was saying. So instead, I shared my story. “Every man I've ever loved has died.” I started. Despite the fact that Tim had just claimed immortality, years of therapy had me feeling foolish about this statement. It was a coincidence, bad luck, it was not real. This was not real.

“My first serious boyfriend died in a car accident driving home after the first time we made love.” I sputtered.

“Then, years after his death, I fell in love in college. It was a whirlwind relationship, young love. Within two weeks, he fell off a balcony at a party.” I looked at my hands, feeling guilty. That's when I started to have the thoughts that it was my fault. That I had somehow controlled these events, even when I wasn't there. After years of therapy and medication, I finally had the courage to date and I met my last love. No, my last victim. 

I was so careful with him. I took my time, keeping him at a distance for as long as I could. It lasted almost a year until he surprised me at my family's lake house, with a ring. He died that night in his sleep, right next to me. That was almost a decade ago now, but I saw his face every night in my dreams. Cold and lifeless.

As I finished my story, the silence surrounding me was deafening. My head swirled with emotions and confusion. All of my beliefs were suddenly validated. It wasn't just a coincidence, it was real. Tim fell down these stairs and died too, just because I loved him... but he wasn't dead. He was immortal and standing before me despite my flaws. Despite my curse that had taken three others. 

“Hope,” Tim broke the silence. I looked up at him. He smiled, “Do you believe in soul mates?” 