Well Prepared, part 1:

 

The bag of coins slams down on the desk, breaking my concentration completely.  I turn and scowl at this new irritant.  A young elf, looks to be about fifty.  Full plate armour and a greatsword, his gear looks expensive but barely used.  Great, some kind of impetuous new blood, probably thinks he’ll be every human’s idol in a year after he’s slaughtered a few orcs, well past their fighting days.  No doubt he’d soil himself if he saw a real orc warrior.

“Didn’t you hear me old man?  I need a new short sword, good quality mind you, not the usual rubbish you humans put out.”  His sneer is painfully predictable, in my shop for five seconds and he already thinks he’s better than me.

“For your information I’m barely a day over forty,” I growl, pulling a sword from under the counter.  Dwarf made, high quality steel.  I doubt even he can find a problem with that.

“That’ll be 120 gold pieces.” 

He smirks, “Any discount for an up and coming hero?  I’m sure people will flock to your little shop when they learn you’ve supplied Andriem Swifthand.”

“No, no discounts.  All prices are...HEY! Hands off!” I snap, seeing his halfling companion deftly lifting a necklace from its stand.  He drops it back with a guilty look.

“Thats 2000 gold if you’re interested.  No?  Thought not.”  Bleeding halflings, how can an entire race be so light fingered.  ‘Rebellious’ and ‘Free spirited’ they call it.  Yeah well I call it thieving.  

At least the elf’s paying, no more arrogant talk after his friend embarrassed him like that.

“Come on Sadorin, the others are waiting,” he mumbles, moving to leave.  I see a couple more figures lounging in the doorway, a dwarf and another a elf, who winks at her friend as they start to walk out.  That's when I see it.  She’s wearing a pendant with the shape of a flower, red tinged iron.

“Wait!  That amulet, where did you find that?” I feel cold sweat run down the back of my neck.

She smirks, “Little lizard fellow was carrying it.  Filthy creatures, we put them out of their misery when they tried to ambush us.  Would you believe it, they were spouting some nonsense about the swamp belonging to them! As if those savages could own lands.”

My horror must show on my face, as the dwarf’s eyes narrow.  

“You look pretty unhappy friend.” He growls. “Couldn’t be you knew that beast?”

I turn away.

“Don’t insult me dwarf.  In fact, all of you out my shop, I think I’ll close early.”

Alone, I turn the stone statuette over in my hands.  A dragon, given to me by the kobold he nursed me back to health when I lay injured in the swamp.  To contact him if I needed help once more.  To whom I gave my prized amulet of protection.  The very same I just saw.  Trembling I reach out with my mind, using the statue as a focus.  Nothing.  He’s gone.

Then, something else.

A cold, dark intelligence, ancient.  Brushing against my consciousness.

“You seem troubled human.”

I’m shaking for a different reason now.

“You feel regret, rage.  I am no stranger to these feelings.”

“Who are you?”

“I think you know that human.  I think you want to help me and those that serve me.

A tear runs down my face. “I cannot help you.  There's nothing I can do.”

“Why do you tell yourself these lies?  You are uniquely positioned to assist those who are persecuted by those fools.”

“I have a life here.  I can’t just give all that up for revenge.  Its an unworthy emotion.”

“You are not talking to me because you want revenge human.  You are talking to me because you want to help.  Because you know it is right.”

How could it know that?  It doesn’t know me at all.  That's ridiculous.

“Fine.  Meet me at my warehouse.  Midnight.”

Stratohaven is not a small city.  The warehouse district in particular is huge, since most adventurers stop off here before entering the red wastes to east.  Big big business, resupplying them.  As a result, I’m beginning to worry when my contact hasn’t arrived.  The feeling isn’t really assuaged when a tall, hooded figure looms out of an ally to the side of my property.

“Ah, yes.  I see you are a man of your word.”  Its voice is a deep rumble and steam billows from its hood as it speaks.   Inconspicuous?  Hardly.  Intimidating?  Very.

“I.. I didn’t realise you would come in person.”  I stutter.  “Surely this is a dangerous place for one such as yourself?”

A hearty chuckle from the figure. 

“My friend, for one as old as me, few places are truly dangerous.  Nonetheless, one of my allies chose to provide me with a bodyguard, who now lurks out of sight.”

I see around ten smaller figures emerge from the alley.  Reptilian snouts poke from their hoods and they hiss to each other in a language I recognise.

I doubt a few kobolds will be able to face down the city guard, but then again as he said, I’m sure my new ally is capable of looking after himself.

Striding to the side door of the warehouse, I undo the locks and swing it open to reveal the treasures within.  Hundred of axes, swords other weapons line the racks, with suits of armour dominating the walls.  The kobolds hiss to each other in wonder and begin to walk through the warehouse, inspecting the produce.  I must admit to a certain pride in the quality of my wares as I usher the figure in, before turning to seal the doors once again.

The figure walks over to a rack, the contents of which are likely worth more than the rest of the warehouse combined.  About a dozen intricate magical weapons, the runes on them glowing faintly.  I see him reach out to grasp the hilt of one and shiver as I notice the dark red scales that form his skin.

Gathering up more courage once more, I speak out.

“I doubt you’ll be able to afford all those.  Even with the discount I intend on giving you.”

“For me human, gold is of little obstacle.  I having been sitting on a mountain of it for centuries.  It’s about time it went to good use.”  He turns to look at me once more.

“We shall take everything.  Payments will be made to you discretely over the course of a month.”

I blink in surprise.  A purchase this big will make me the richest man in the city.  By a large margin.  However, I see a problem.

“How exactly do you intend to move this many items from the city? I was expecting a small transaction, this will require at least 10 wagons.  There’s no way you’ll get that past the guards.”

Once again, the figure laughs.  Throwing an arm around me, he leads me back to the door.  “I’ll let my underlings handle the logistics.  All they’ve asked me for, is a distraction.”

The next for seconds are a mess of confusion and terror.  I’m thrown backwards against the wall be an unseen force.  The figure is gone and a huge creatures claws its way from the alley.  I curl into a ball, whimpering, as I feel a wind buffet me, stronger than I’ve ever experienced, punctuated by a regular, painfully loud beating of great wings.  All around, I hearing screaming and see lights flung on in houses, as a dark, massive shape swoops across the city.  Sorcery flashes and a deafening roar sounds, but I turn and sprint home, leaving the kobolds to their work as they chatter excitedly.

&#x200B;

Part 2 will be in the reply.

&#x200B;