"Ra*kesh*," Death hums. "You can't keep doing this. Your soul is *so* overdue."

He laughs, baring yellowed teeth. Death purses Her lips.

She looks like a woman barely thirty this time, dark lipstick the colour of dried blood. She is dressed in black - She nearly always is, except the very first time, when She was in widow white. 

"Come now, Rakesh," She purrs. She does not lean closer, does not even touch him, yet Her voice makes the now-fine hair on his arms tingle. Behind Her, he can see it affect the other cafe patrons in their vicinity as well.

"Where's the coin, Ma'am?" he asks, his coffee untouched.

One appears between Her fingers, and it glides effortlessly between Her knuckles, disappearing and reappearing from under Her palm. "You can't keep cheating Death, Rakesh."

"Well, I've been doing *that* for...two hundred and sixty years, haven't I?" he smiles.

She makes a sound that would be a groan if She was a little more undignified. She passes the fat silver *rupaiya* across the table. 

"Just toss it, Rakesh. Joseph. Aditya. Whatever name you've chosen this time."

He weighs the coin on his index and middle fingers, keeping his smile carefully infuriating. "I've fought three wars, Ma'am. A name change is a luxury you must afford me." He examines the coin. "I must say, you are fond of this coin."

He says that every time. Normally She only grunts in a non-committal manner.

"It's unique for each of you," She sighs unexpectedly. "This one's yours. Minted the day you were born. I  melt the ones that lose."

He twirls the coin around his knuckles like She had. She makes a low noise of appreciation. 

"I want to be seventeen," he announces.

"Just toss already."

He grins. "Heads."

His thumb flicks up.

Two sets of eyes -- one brown, the other red -- follow the silver blur as it flies, stops, and falls.

It hits the table with a thud, bounces slightly, metal on wood sounding like tiny plates crashing.

It stops. The noble profile of a forgotten king glares at Her coffee cup.

He smiles boyishly, his crow's feet already fading. He runs his fingers through thick black hair and looks up coyly.

Death's hands are in a fist. He can almost imagine the midnight blue nails digging silvery crescents in Her palms. 

She snatches up the coin, and is gone. 

He leaves a large tip and walks out, his shirt already loose around his midriff and tight around his forearms. 

From inside a trouser pocket, he pulls out a silver *rupaiya*, a little blackened from oxidation, and thanks a thousand gods that Death wasn't gifted in Allsight.

After all, with two hundred years of practice, She isn't the only one prolific in coin tricks.

-----

a/n: took some creative liberty with the POV. apologies.

edit: https://www.wired.com/2010/11/st_cheatscience_cointoss/

edit 2: also https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_the_rupee