I stared upon the infinite void and its utter blackness. Starless, ever-growing, silent. The last civilizations had died countless eons prior when I tore their last breaths from their frightened, desperate bodies. For another eternity I scoured the vastness of the universe. I harvested the last crop when its sun died. I claimed the creatures of the abyssal depths when their thermal vents ran cold. Even the specks of life, patiently hibernating for a spring that would never come, could not outlast me. 

But my hunt did not end there. After chemical life had been extinguished I turned my gaze onto much greater, and much more persistent prey. The atom decayed and fell into my grasp. The mighty black holes evaporated and ceased to be. Even the great Entropy, once the ultimate master of reality, could not outrun me, the true apex predator. And now only one final mark was left, one which should have been mine an eternity ago when the stars died and their corpses ran cold. 

Life. 

For far too long she had eluded me, fleeing from my claws when I got close. I had obliterated all being in my search for her, and now there was nowhere left to run, not a single proton to hide behind. The rage of the hunt filled me as began my last pursuit. She was *mine*.

I found her standing in the ashes of one of the primordial galaxies where she had worked her first chemical creations. Motes of light swirled in her gleaming eyes as she knelt down and took a handful of what used to be and let it drain through her iridescent fingers. Wrapping myself in the blackness I had wrought, I stalked her, slowing circling closer. Letting the last specks of dark matter drip from her hand, she looked up, locking her eyes with mine. There was no fear, no desperation, just . . . relief. 

She smiled, the memories of a trillion trillion trillion creations sparkling in her countenance. "I've been waiting for you," she said. 

I paused, examining my prey. Was this a trick? A distraction to give her time to flee once more? No, there was no guile in those star-specked eyes, no dread as she stretched out her arm and called me to her. But why?

Slowly I drew closer, yet she did not flinch. Anger flared in my bosom and I rushed up to her, fangs bared and ready to strike, but still she sat there, waiting. *No!* I seethed, *she will not rob this from me.*

"You know why I've come," I said, towering over her. 

She smiled again and gazed out into the nothing which surrounded us. "Of course. All thing have their end." 

"Then why don't you run? Try to escape me?" I found myself pacing, restlessly circling her. "**Why aren't you afraid**?"  

I stilled as she stood and walked to me, "All things have an end, even life and death," she said, "our time has come." 

*Our time*

I shrank back as she reached out to me. "You lie," I hissed. "You are my last prey before I rein supreme over the universe. Over all that once challenged me." 

"No, my love," she said, softly and gently, "just as there is no life without death, there is no death without life. Who is a hunter without prey to catch?"

I knew her words were true and I hated her for it. She reached out for me again and I balked, retreating back as the fear of oblivion seeped into my heart. 

"Run," I begged. "*Please*, run. Let the chase continue."

She shook her head. "Not this time, my love." 

I gazed out into the void, into the creation which I had destroyed, and for the first time felt its crushing emptiness bear down on me. She and I were the only two left, two motes of dust in a great infinity. 

"I'm frightened" I whispered.

She took my hand, caressing it with her shimmering fingers. "Don't be," she said. "We face the end together."

I held her close as nothingness enveloped us. 