The camera was great. It was an old Polaroid, but it didn't use use any sort of materials, the pictures just printed out of thin air. The pictures were high quality, even. I have no idea what was with this thing, but it showed the past... the motherfucking past! I took a picture of my dad and it showed him with less wrinkles and grey hair; he looked great. I took a picture of my little sister and she looked like her adorable preschool self. I snapped a picture of myself and I looked like my chubby little prepubescent self. 

Now this thing was just sitting at the local pawn shop and it was just $5. I thought it would be a great to get my older sister because she has always been obsessed with photography. She even had a Polaroid when we were little. I took the picture of myself first and was shocked, but I am smart so I decided to test it out a bit on my family. My family dog has been dead for a year, but when I tested the camera on his ashes (yes we cremated him, he was very special to us). When I snapped the photo it showed him sitting on the table smiling at me, as if he was happy to see me again. I cried for an hour after that. The camera is both a blessing and a curse, but I should have thrown it away. Here is why.

I went to my room to see what my layout looked like ten years ago. I have been in this room for 11 years so I would likely see all my stuff from back then. The photo came out black. Just black. It didn't make sense. It should have made sense because I could have had my lights off then, but it just felt wrong. I set the photo on my nightstand and tossed and turned all night. When I woke up, the photo was gone. I looked all over for it and it was face down. I flipped it over and what I saw haunts me to this day.

There I was, laying in bed. Standing around the bed were shadowed figures of ridiculous hight, too thin to be natural. My chest cavity was open and my organs were on a tray on the nightstand. One had its hands inside my chest cavity, and another seemed to be handing him something in a small bottle or jar. The object looked like a pill or stone, nothing more, but when I saw it something inside me seems to tear and I blacked out. I woke up an hour later to my older sister shaking me. The Polaroid and the photo were gone, but that is when the pulsing in my chest started... I can still feel it, like a second heartbeat that never seems like my own.