“There’s gotta be a trick to this shtick, Joe.” Death fumed, handing me the coin that was going to decide my faith. “This aint natural!”

I grinned as I took hold of the coin in my hand and felt its familiar weight. “Nah,” I answered lightly with a shrug just to piss him off. “No tricks just pure dumb luck.” I grinned. 

Death looked away from me mumbling, his scythe dangling by his lap as he waited as I started to position the coin in between my fingers.

“You don’t know how embarrassing this is for me.” He grumbled loudly still looking away. “I’m Death for Pete’s sake and I keep getting bamboozled by--”

“A mortal?”

“I was gonna say idiot cause you keep wanting to be reborn over and over again.”

There was a pause then, “Why?”

“Cause… Cause it aint natural! You should have passed on eons ago. I mean, even the big boss stopped asking me about you and is now grilling my boney ass for not sackin’ you years ago.”

I considered his words for a minute and gripped the coin tighter. “Whats stopping you from doing that to me now?”

Death turned to me. His face was cloaked behind the shadows and I could never remember if I ever saw his face before. I felt him sizing me up and grinning in the process, “The coin.”

I can feel the warmth of the coin pulsing in my hand as I stared back at him.
“The coin controls all. It was such a stupid rule if you asked me but the big guy wanted to be fair and—”

“Yeah yeah, a grand meeting was held with some really ancient guys we shouldn’t know about, blah blah, blah.” I cut him off not wanting to let him finish his stupid speech. He scowled at me obviously not liking me ruining his fun. 

“I know about the coin. You told me about it way before, it’s not something you’d easily forget in a lifetime.”

“Four.”

“What?”

“Four lifetimes. You’ve been reborn four times.”

I stared at him too rethinking the lives I just lived. All of them seem to have flashed before my eyes. It went by so fast, I couldn’t remember who I was originally born as. “That many?”

“Yeah. So if I were you, just lose to the coin and let me take you to your final judgement. You’d like that place, they have a really nice lobby and some free snacks while you wait for your ruling.”

“Sounds real fun.” I answered sarcastically. “It is,” Death answered noncommittally.

I could almost hear the coin buzz in my hand, beckoning me to throw it in the air just to be done with it. Beads of sweat started to form on my forehead, I wiped it with my free hand and started to position the coin in my other hand. 
Death stared at me. I felt his tense glare at me as I was getting ready to flip it. I licked my lips and flicked the coin in the air.

It was a surprise why Death hasn’t caught on yet nor has anybody told him about me. I don’t think I’m anyone special, not on earth really but they should know about me and my ability once they decided to hold their little game, shouldn’t they?

Shouldn’t they have known about humans with ferrokinesis? Was I the only person brave enough to actually do something about it?

The coin ascended into the air and spun a few times before descending. Death followed the coin’s movement as it fell neatly on my open hand.  
