On a rare day when he was clear minded enough (which was becoming more rare as the months passed) he found himself up in the attic cleaning up junk that had built up over years of neglect and apathy. 

Midway through moving some old cardboard boxes that probably had once held his stash of paper back novels,he heard his Wife from the bedroom below, singing softly once again their daughter's favourite nursery rhyme 

“The itsy bitsy spider crawled up the water spout.
Down came the rain, and washed the spider out.
Out came the sun, and dried up all the rain,
and the itsy bitsy spider went up the spout again”

Something about spiders had fascinated his Daughter ever since she had been old enough to crawl around on her own and explore the huge garden outside. 

They had one time found her down by the chrysanthemum plants , cheerfully and contentedly gurgling her happiness , her arms and legs covered with spiders of all sizes. 

With his Wife screaming in horror next to him ,It had taken quite a bit of mental strength on his side to not throw up on the spot while frantically rushing to brush the spiders away and carry his Daughter inside. 

That incident had put paid to their daughters jaunts to the garden. 

And the chrysanthemum plants had burned that same evening. 

When she had grown older,the first thing she had drawn was a crude representation of a spider , all eight legs in eight different directions , one huge eye,coloured blood red, looking out from a oddly misshapen head. 

It had creeped them out and they had spent so much time trying to get their Daughter to draw other things ,pleasant looking things. 

Soon the rhymes followed(Itsy bitsy spider , little miss muffet) and it had nearly driven them mad with having to either sing along or read the same damn rhyme aloud at least 20-30 times each day. 

From down below , his wife had stopped singing to herself and now there was only silence. Both up here in the attic and down below. 

He got worried and was about to put away the boxes he had planned to take downstairs along with him to see if any of the books inside were still worth keeping when he heard a slight rustling from the far corner. Like fine silk being dragged across old parchment. 

A sound, that had he paused for a moment to recall would have reminded him of a similar sound he had heard once earlier. 

On the day his Daughter had been abducted from their garden. 

That had been 3 miserable months ago. 

Their lives had fallen apart almost at once , he took to drinking too much while his wife withdrew into a shell of mostly silence , interrupted by occasional bouts of crying or singing nursery rhymes over and over again. 

"Ttssskkk" the sound came once again from the far corner. Followed by a crick crick sound. 

As if something was rubbing against the wood 

He shoved the boxes to one side and walked over to where he thought the sound had originated. 

His heart,weakened by the pain of his loss and his daily drinking , almost stopped permanently when he saw what was causing the sound 

A nearly pup sized spider with its red eye gazing out from a misshapen head all eight legs pointing in eight directions. 

While he watched , the creature twisted one leg almost at an impossible angle and shoved it into its mouth and a few seconds later pulled it out with a wet sucking sound. Fine strands of something resembling silk spooled out from the ends of the leg. 

As he continued watching , unable to take his eyes off the horrific spectacle in front of him , it repeated that motion with the other seven legs. 

Soon all eight legs had fine strands of "what looked like silk" trailing from their ends 

Finally he gathered enough courage to let out a scream. Except that the creature was quicker 

All it's legs pivoted around somehow , pointing at him and it let fly those silk like strands 

A few minutes later he locked up behind him and went down to tell his Wife he had cleared the nest of spiders up in the attic (a small voice from some part of his mind that was still struggling to retain some semblance of sanity piped up - "Did you really go up to the attic to clean out a spider nest" ? but that voice was quickly silenced by more powerful forces that had now taken over his body and mind). 

His Wife was still sitting on the bed , rocking to and fro by herself , soundlessly repeating nursery rhymes 

She looked up at him as he entered the room and opened her mouth as if to thank him for cleaning up when she noticed fine lines of silk like material suspending him like a wretched puppet on a torturous chain 

He held out his hand 

"Come my dear , today we go up the water spout. 

Our Daughter is waiting for us to come to her before the rain comes down and washes her away "
