Who knew heaven had a business card?  Or maybe it was hell... either way I wasn't about to call it.  Before inventing the serum that gave me immortality I was a man of science, however the last 1,000 years or so taught me nothing is impossible.  Despite seeming uninterested when we met, I was actually already quite done with being alive.  Watching 2 wives and 6 kids all die not knowing why you had to disappear after about 10 years of being a loving father (to hide my inability to age) had broken me inside irreparably.  After mulling it over for a few days, I called the number.  
     "Hello?" A small voice asked.  Oh my god, oh my god that's my daughters voice... Amy, my first daughter, I knew her voice immediately and tears came to my eyes. 
      "Amy?  It's daddy.  Where are you?"  I asked
       "I'm staying at gods house now with mommy and Marcus.  Uh oh, I think god wants the phone.  I love you!"   I was shaking, and also a little concerned because my first wife was pretty fiery and probably never got over my leaving.  Surprisingly, a mans voice answered instead. 
      "Thomas.  Nice to hear from you.  I believe one of my angels gave you my number?  Black cloak?  Kind of creepy looking.  Anyways, I'm god and I need your help.  I've been trying to figure out how the hell you managed to escape death.  It just doesn't make sense to me.  I'm sure we both know how serious it would be if humans discovered how to live forever.  I'd like you to tell me your secret, and in return I'll allow you and your family to stay in my house for all eternity."  
      "I'm so grateful for that offer but... I don't know, you had a grim reaper give me your number and if there's a heaven there's probably a hell.  Could you write out a contract saying I can live with you in exchange for my secret to immortality?"
     God laughed and agreed, told me to go to sleep tonight and when I woke up I would be in his house.  He explained I wouldn't technically have died, but I couldn't return to the living except as an angel of miracles or death.  I laid on my bed and closed my eyes, immediately I was standing in a huge White House where the air was like a spring breeze and the whole world was bright and warm.  I hadn't seen this kind of beauty in a long time.  God appeared, handsome and huge as you would imagine and presented me a contract.  I read it carefully and signed my name.  God looked at me patiently, expecting me to start talking him through the loophole I must have found in mortality.  Instead I shed my skin.  It's peeled and burned off my body as I, lucifer, finally returned to heaven.  Only this time it was on my terms and I was here to stay.