"Holy. Shit." I managed, gaping at who I was seeing. I had heard rumors, legends that he was true but never anything to prove that he was more than a myth. But here he was, in all his glory.

The Invisible Man.

He stood only a few feet in front of me and the dead man in my arms, smoking an invisible cigar while glaring at me through his thick black goggles. He looked just like how H.G Wells had described it all those years ago but not even that could express the amazing horror that was this creature. It was impossible, it was invincible, it was...

Smoking...an invisible cigarette. 

"Well?" He asked, crossing his arms. "Are you done staring, Barry Johnson?"

I took a step back, my adrenaline going crazy. "Y-You're...You're..."

"The Invisible Man." He completed, rolling the name off his nonexistent tongue like it was the most mundane thing he had ever heard. "The one created by H.G Wells, yes. What do you want?"

I paused. He did realize what had just happened, right? 

"I..." I started, trying to find the words, "You see the dead guy in my arms, right?"

"You mean John?" The Invisible Man shook his head, unimpressed. "Poor soul. His wife left him, son ended up joining a gang, the usual. I don't even know how he found those glasses but the moment he did...well, you can see the results for yourself."

I nodded, shocked by how calm the Invisible Man was around death. Then again though, this was THE Invisible Man.

"What..." I looked around, holding the body. "What the hell do I do with him?"

"Oh, I'll handle that." The Invisible Man assured, and without hesitation plucked the limp body out of my arms. I tried to protest but my voice died in my throat as the body disappeared, the aura seemingly disappearing into the Invisible Man. Satisfied, he patted himself off for a few moments before looking back up at me. 

"I'll be going now." He said, turning around and putting his cigarette back in his mouth. "Have a nice day."

He was leaving. Just like that. After all these years, all of my fantasies the Invisible Man was going to just walk away from me after assimilating some random dead hobo? This was nuts.

"W-wait." I blurted, outstretching my hand. The Invisible Man turned around, tilting his head. "I don't understand...what happens now?"

The Invisible Man looked at me for a long moment before tipping his hat. "I'm afraid," he said, "that's something you'll have to ask the Boogeyman about."

And like that, he was gone. And he didn't even offer me a fucking cigar.