I stepped around the feeble, emaciated corpse of the emperor. His blood had begun to pool, simply ruining the lush carpet in front of his throne.

“You killed him,” I said, my long held mask of subservience fading into incredulity.

“It was a long journey,” the hero responded, “But no longer will our people suffer under his tyranny.” he leaned over to wipe the blade of his sword on the emperor’s robe. Unceremoniously, he slipped the sword back into its scabbard and turned to leave.

“This isn’t a solution,” I said, mouth agape, “I mean, I could have done that!”

“But you didn’t,” the hero said, looking over his shoulder.

“That’s not the point,” I nudged the dead emperor with my foot. “Do you understand how an empire works?”

The hero turned back around fully, placing his armored fists firmly against his hips.

“I don’t see how that’s relevant,” He said.

“That’s precisely the problem,” I lectured, shoving the emperor’s corpse over onto its back. The already skeletal face stared serenly at the ceiling, forever free of responsibility. “The man was 82, a strong breeze could have killed him.”

“But it didn’t,” the hero said firmly.

 “Have you ever heard of the term ‘Power Vacuum’?” I asked, prying the crown from the emperor’s head. “It would be one thing if you intended to seize the empire for yourself, but as it stands, you seem all too keen to leave.”

“My job here is done,” the hero stated, his mouth slowly curling into a lazy smile. “I wouldn’t have worked nearly so hard if I thought there was more to do after killing him. I plan to retire to a life of luxury back on the farm. Maybe buy a a few cows...”

“Who will collect the taxes? Who will dispatch troops to quell bandit raids?” I was growing heated, but there seemed little reason to stop myself. “You think the government just runs itself, do you?”

“Perhaps you should take over,” the hero offered.

“It’s not that simple!” I said, and then threw my hands up in exasperation. “He was supposed to officially declare me to be his heir tomorrow morning. Then I would have killed him, first thing Monday afternoon.”

“I’m sure,” the hero rolled his eyes.

“These things are important. Without paperwork, what’s to stop anyone from making a claim on the throne?” I asked, before pointing to the Grand Councillor, who was attempting to look nonchalant in the corner of the throne room. “He had the emperor’s ear as much as I did, what’s to keep him from taking over?”

“It’s true,” the Grand Councillor said sheepishly, “I planned on killing him Tuesday.”

“See? Tuesday.” I parroted.

“The impression that I am getting, is that no work is accomplished on the weekend,” the hero said.

“Look, we work hard during the week...” I said, before the Grand Councillor interrupted to affirm;

“Very hard,”

“Right, yes, very hard. Are we not entitled to a day off? I didn’t realize I had a deadline.” I finished.

“Quite literally!” the hero quipped, all too proud of himself. “Now if you’ll excuse me, I have other things to do.” He didn’t pause this time, leaving the throne room at a quick pace.

“Do you still want this?” I held the crown out to the Grand Councillor. He shook his head vehemently.

“Oh no, you take it,” he said, and then considered. “Do you have any plans for Tuesday?”