I crawl out of bed and stretched. Today is the day I finally do it. We, the once great Democratic People's Republic of Korea, rise from our squalor. I am Kim Jong Un, the Supreme Leader and the globally ridiculed fool. My plan has worked perfectly.

I have spent years watching my father try to make us great again. Never was it going to be possible, so since the day I took the mantle of leader I have been planning. Planning to truly make my country great again by uniting with the South.

I collected my things and got ready for the day. It was entirely possible I was not going to live. In fact, it was a great chance I would die by the hand of my own government. But that didn't matter. I couldn't sit by watching my people starve any longer.

There was one place that didn't starve: The South.

I put on my military uniform and looked at myself in the mirror. I looked a foolish slob. I tried for years to get the world at large to ridicule and hate me. I hoped it would drive my country to war in which I could admit defeat and acquiesce to South Korea. That plan never came through. We didn't have the culture to be so interesting to other countries.

There was one place that had great culture though: The South.

I grabbed up my secret weapon and headed for the stairs. Outside, tens of thousands gathered and countless more watched on television across the country. The people were not happy and they were hoping for good news.

There was one place where the people were always happy: The South.

I emerged from the doors to the balcony, the paper wrapped package under my arm. I stepped up to the microphones and the people below cheered. They had to cheer otherwise they would be punished. They were not free people.

There was a place of freedom though: The South.

I tapped the microphone and spoke, "Great people of Korea. As your Supreme Leader, I have been devising a plan to make the world accept our greatness. There is only one true option and I hope you all accept my decision. The South is the option."

I began to unwrap the package. Blue and red cloth unfurled. I raised it up and bellowed, "The South will rise again!"

"FOR THE CONFEDERACY!" The ~~Union Jack~~ Confederate Flag billowed brightly above me.  

*******

You never did specify what south. Hehehe. I love the idea of Kim Jong Un driving the general lee.   