See now, here's the problem. I've had a great life up to now, I've not wanted for anything. Had myself some great kids, I did. God they've grown into real stars.  

My wife checked out a few years back and yeah OK, I should've gone with her, I know that. But I wasn't ready. I'm still not.  

Now, they never right come out and say it of course.  

"Come on Dad, it's about time you died, isn't it?"  

No, nothing that uncouth. It's always merely implied  

"Hey Mr Marsh, didn't expect to see you" 
"So, Frank, how old are you again?"  

Even fucking ruder if you ask me.  

Local news station came around a few months ago, knocked on my door. Some young cunt trailed by a cameraman, couldn't have been more than 20 years old, either of them. So apparently I'm the oldest person in the city now, and by quite a margin he tells me with a grave frown. I ask him if he's heard of Abigail Jones, and if he knows how long she lived for. He said he did, and that some would call her selfish, a drain on society. So I punch the smug little shit in the nose. It pretty much exploded.  

Yeah I've still got it, even at this ripe old age.  

Wish Julie had been there to see it, she would have laughed her fucking ass off. I remember once, back when we were young, we were coming out of a nightclub and..... hang on I've not got much time, where was I?  

Oh yeah Abigail Jones. So she was an old one, oldest the world had seen in a long time. She wasn't coy about it either. Got on the telebox and stood on that platform, spry as you fucking like, and told the world she wasn't going anywhere. Nearly caused a fucking riot, she did. Normally we don't talk about this kind of thing, you see, but man there were some really angry people.   

"It's against nature", they said. Maybe they were right. But we did this to ourselves, is it natural to live as long as we do? Fuck, how long did we used to live before anyway?   

Anyway it all came to nothing because the next night her house went up in flames and the poor old girl burnt to death. A gas fire they called it, tragic accident. Yeah, fucking right it was. My wife said it was the government, but if you ask me it was just some neighbor, somebody sick of seeing her still walking around long after she sh.... shit I'm getting sidetracked again.  

Alright so anyway all that is relevant because I'm laying her now in a pool of my own fucking blood, bleeding out into the street. They've done to me what they did to her, the fuckers. All that talk of individual choice and everything that followed Abigail's death blah fucking blah. Maybe forty years is too long, maybe I'm nothing more than a stubborn twat.  

But it doesn't fucking feel like it.