I've been on this case for some time.  Nut job left a trail of blood a mile wide (figuratively speaking, but not by much) all across the city.  It started with him killing some kids at a camp.  Not just killing them, but butchering them in terrible ways.  One he shot through the eye with a crossbow (ok, crossbow bolt), one he burned alive in her sleeping bag, one he stabbed dozens of times before breaking his spine.  On that last one, I'm no expert, but I think the guy was dead before the mad man broke his spine.  Not sure why the killer broke the kid's spine - could be some kind of anger issue.  


This I only pieced together after the end of the case, but now is the time to mention it.  One kid survived, claiming the mad man had drowned.  Did the local sheriff dredge the river to recover the body?  Nope - pure incompetence.  The claim was this mad man was the ghost or zombie or something of a kid who died years earlier at the camp - drowned.    


DID THEY DREDGE THE RIVER FOR THE BODY?  Nope.  What in the actual F?  


So this killer somehow gets on a boat, don't ask me how, kills most of the people in transit, then gets lose in my city.  That's where I come in.  He about a half dozen people here - one he knocked the guy's head off like some Rock'em Sock'em robot - I kid you not.  


Now I'm in a factory - long abandoned dark place - looking around because some bystander claimed he saw the guy come in here.  The bystander is a drunk - I take what I can get in the witness department, but this looks like a dead end.  My partner is outside, in case the mad man is in here and tries to leave.  I'm flashing my light around, looking for a light switch.  Maybe the lights still work.    


Ah, there's a switch.  Click - they work!  


WTF - some big goon is right in front of me, swings a big sickle down.  I scream, lifting my arms as if that will help.   He swings right through my arm and head, splitting it in two.  Good grief, that would have hurt, I think.  Good thing for translocation.  


Oh, I forgot to mention.  I can translocate - switch positions from one place to another, leaving a kind of empty clone of myself in the spot I just left.  The clone crumples as the zombie pulls the sickle free.  


Geeze, this guy is big, like 6'7", and he's thick, huge.  But now I have the drop on him.  "Freeze," I yell.  


The guy turns around . He's wearing a mask with a big gash across the forehead.  There's blood on the mask.   Is this guy for real?  


"Freeze" I say again, "or I'll shoot."  I'm fumbling for the button on my walkie, calling in my partner to complete this arrest.  But the guy takes a step toward me.  Forgetting the walkie for a second, I empty my gun into him - he stops, holes in his torso smoking - but there's no blood to speak of.  He tilts his head at a weird angle.  


Is this guy some kind of zombie?  


This isn't a slinger's gun - now it's empty. What would it matter even if it wasn't?  The bullets didn't do a thing.   I have my bare hands, and this hulking...zombie, I'm calling him a zombie...has a sickle, or whatever it is.  He starts forward again.    


I turn fast, start running.  There's not much Qi here to work with - that's been a problem since I arrived.  Translocation takes it out of me.   I'm running and thinking., careful with my steps in this place.  It's full of debris and old equipment.  Falling could put me in real trouble - injury, or let this  goon catch up to me.  


Call my partner?  Nah, he'd just get killed.  


Run out?  Nah, the zombie would just chase me, probably kill my partner.  


Turn and fight?  I'll need the Qi if I have to translocate again, but if I don't stop this zombie now, this could go on all night. I need a weapon - preferably a sword - I'm not bad with a sword.  There won't be a sword laying around in an old factory.

Up some steps - he's still following.  Through a door - he's still following.  Down some other stairs - still following, catching up.  There's what I need.    


I pick up a steel pipe.  Zombie man has caught me,   He swings down, his blow nothing but power.  Well, sometimes it really is easy.    


My first swing takes the sickle off the thick pole that holds it, sending the blade flying.  Now the zombie has a wooden pole, and I have a thick pipe.  He's bigger than me, stronger, probably?  undead, hard to kill - er destroy.  What do you call it when you kill an undead something?  Destroy?  


Hard isn't impossible.  


His second swing would have broken bone if it had landed.  But instead I catch it with the pipe - pole breaks.  My next swing knocks the pole out of his hand.  Rudimentary swings, that's all I'm doing, but, ok, very fast.  Thwack - his mask is cracked - ugly mofo.  Crack - one arm broken.  Thwack - knee crushed.  He's still coming, hobbling on one leg.  Crunch, Thud  - whatever, I can't come up with unique names for the sounds of the pipe breaking and crushing his bones into a pulp.  


He finally falls to the ground, but he's still twitching.  I run for the sickle blade, cut him into pieces.  Isn't that how you take out a zombie?  Of course, the head is the first to go - cut off.  This blade is sharp.  I'm good with sharp blades.  


Now he's in pieces, but I'm not taking my eyes off this pile.  I've seen zombies reform.  I call my partner on the walkie.  Between he and I, he knows some shit goes down around me. He'll bring what's needed.  I saw an old furnace in this place when I was running.