The gods stood all around me, arguing for their own afterlife, and against their opponents. "My realm gets free booze" and "Sure, if you like being molested by frisky deities", stuff like that flying around so much that it formed into an undecipherable background buzz that was starting to hurt my head.

"STOP! Could someone please explain where I am?" I finally shouted after the buzzing got to me.

The room went quiet for a moment and then Ereshkigal spoke "Why, you are in the waiting room of course!"

"The waiting room?"

"Yes yes" Thoth responded, "You never worshiped any gods in life, so now you will get a choice in death. whoever you pick will gain eternal dominion over your soul, and send you to their afterlife"

"So the people who *did* worship you don't get a choice?" I asked curiously.

"Of course they get a choice," Tiamat replied "They made it while they were still alive, *you* on the other hand get to make it now"

"Yes" Said a woman in very impractical armor "Come to Fólkvangr where you shall have your fill of food and combat, with the rest of the divine Fólk"

"Or you can come with me" said Hades, "And I can guarantee you a place in Elysium"

Suddenly the crowd burst into noise, every god offering offers of wealth and pleasure and happiness if only I would choose them, then a voice that sounded like the love-child of thunder, an earthquake, and the main gun of a panzer spoke.

#"SILENCE!"

The room grew silent.

#"THIS ONE BELONGS TO *ME*"

The crowd parted and from the back stepped forth a man in black armor only broken by blood-red lines of glowing power. I wondered how I had not noticed him before, since he towered over the other gods, appearing to get even larger as he approached.

#"YOU KNOW WHO I AM, DON'T YOU?"

"Y-you aren't real!" I said desperately, finally recognizing the god for who he was.

#"OH BUT I AM, AND NOW YOU ARE *MINE*!"

The other gods start wandering away, appearing disappointed that they had not had an opportunity to gain my soul, I began begging them not to go "Please, please stay, I will believe in any of you! all of you! send me to a crap hole in the middle of the desert just don't send me with him!" but none of them cared, my soul had been claimed and to them that was all that mattered.

#"COME NOW, MY PRINCES ARE HUNGRY"

And with that Khorne grabbed me by my neck and threw me through a shimmering warp rift into the immaterium, where I would spend the next forty thousand years being torn apart by his daemons over and over and over again, until there was nothing left of my mind but the desire to kill, and to hurt other people just as badly as I had been hurt.

*Goddammit* Games Workshop.