*"Curse...you"* she muttered, before collapsing into her own pool of blood.

As she fell to the ground, I heaved a sigh. Boy, was that a hard one. In the hundreds of years I've been doing this, that was the toughest one yet. The universe must be making it harder for me to live with hundreds of years of experience in an 18 year old's body. Just as that thought passed me, my phone rang.

"Hey Zai, looks like someone wants to go out on a date with you at the pizza shop right in front of our apartment. Need me to help you kill her?"

"Oh hi Lily \- no, it's alright, I'll handle it myself."

Lily was just like me, although I am slightly older. She exploited the system and killed all her past soulmates so she could live significantly longer, and we've been helping each other out ever since we met a few months ago. It's a long story.

I quickly made my way to the pizza shop so I could get this date over with. Strangely, no one was present inside the pizza shop, aside from the cashier, who mumbled a depressing "Welcome to Pizza Hut". Confused, I called Lily to make sure that she was talking about the right pizza shop.

"Lily, there's no one inside this Pizza Hut. Are you sure you're talking about the right one?"

"Zai, someone's chasing me. I need you to stay there while I\-" she got interrupted by a loud *bang,* before ending the call.

Sensing that something was terribly wrong, and fearing that Lily's attackers would come after me next, I quickly made my way out of the pizza shop, but the door was locked. I spun around and tried the back door, but that too was locked. Out of all the places I had been to in my 412 years of living, I was trapped in a Pizza Hut. 

Something happened to Lily \- and I was next. 

Desperate to go out, I demanded the cashier to give me the keys to the doors, but before that poor soul could say anything, a gunshot wound appeared between his eyebrows and he fell backwards. I instinctively ducked under the counter and searched the cashier for any keys, and when I did find them, I speedily crawled to the back door and unlocked the door.

As I did this, the door was forcibly kicked open and I was knocked onto my back on the floor. I swiftly got back on my feet and I faced my opponent. That was when I got shot in the chest and knocked in the head. But the obvious skill my opponent had wasn't what surprised me \- it was the person.

"You have lived for too long, Zai. It was simply your time. When your last date couldn't kill you for me, I had to do it myself. I couldn't risk anyone else knowing about what I do. About what we do."

Lily said these last words before delivering the fatal blow to my head.