It was 5:30 AM. My 1969 Ferrari 512S Berlinetta raced down the highway. It was that time of the night, where the darkness was slowly fading to day, where the pitch black almost had a tinge of light to it. You couldn't see this in a city, which is why I was flying through the Tehachapi Pass. Well, that wasn't *the* reason, but it was close enough. I saw my exit, downshifted, and took the offramp at a freakish 120 mph. I shifted back, and was calmly cruising at 160 again, up the 99 to Fresno. I could've taken the 5 but... eh. I like less traveled roads. It was 6:00 AM. The sun was peeking out. By 10 I was back at my house in the Santa Cruz Mountains. I parked, switched to my 2006 Civic, or as I referred to it, "The Shitbox", and left for my day job. No work and all play really does make Jack a dull boy.

I pulled into the parking structure. I could buy this company like my dickhead boss could by a Coke and I still had to deal with the prick. I sat at my desk, loaded my desktop, and the phone rang.

"Hi, this is Steve, how can I help you?"

"Steve!" I heard my manager's voice. I wanted to wring his neck. "I need to talk to you."

I walked to his office.

"Steve! Come in, have a seat. Do you know why you're here?"

I thought for a second, before realizing I didn't really give a shit. I was ready to just fucking sock him in the jaw.

"Look, the VP reviewed some things and you're just not pulling your weight around here. I'm sorry"

*No you're not you fucking prick. If you were you wouldn't be here.* I thought.

I was being fired. I punched the douchebag boss in the face. Gut reaction, I guess. Out came my phone. With my vast resources, I'd have this mess cleaned up in no time.

"Jack, it's Steve." I called the CEO of a conglomerate in the same industry. I owned the parent company, but Jack ran his ship well, so I trusted him.

"Hey, what's up?"

"I need you to make a purchase."

I rattled the details off. 30 minutes later I got a text.

    From: Jack
    >>>Done
I made a couple more calls. Suddenly, my manager was out of a job, and blacklisted from our industry. He'd been working here 30 years and now that was all worthless.

I called the bank that he'd done his car loan with, and his home loan. That Audi R8 he loved so much was about to be mine. As for his house, well, I think he needs to be taught a lesson. I owned the bank, so making a "data entry error" was as simple as calling a datacenter engineer and making sure his daughter got those medical treatments she needed. I wasn't totally heartless.

After I'd foreclosed on everything I could take from him, and crushed his life like a soda can under a truck tire, I sat back. 3 months had passed. I was angry, but that was gone. I was now just... content. Happy. Relaxed. My revenge had worked. I sat in front of my fireplace, and looked at the urn with my grandfather's ashes.

"Thanks Gramps, for everything"

I swear, the little pyramid with the eye was staring right at me, and I was *sure* it glowed.