Lavender covered her ears as the screams rang through the streets outside. Hiding under the bed, with her blanket wrapped around her small frame, she hugged her father’s tome. He was one of the silhouettes outside, trying to rally the militia in the midst of the flames.

Another scream and a crash. The bedroom window shattered, sending shards across the floor. A heavy thud followed by a groan made Lavender open her eyes, tears streaming down her cheeks. The grubby face of the town’s blacksmith stared empty-eyed at her, a river of blood pooling out of a gash in his forehead.

“Mr. Boran?” she whispered. “Are you okay?”

He kept staring at her, his eyes blank. 

Unmoving. 

Dead. 

The realization hit her hard. She’d been growing up playing with Jonathan, the blacksmith’s son, and Mr. Boran had always been good to her. She swallowed back a sob and crawled out from under the bed. She knew what happened to the dead when the Lomorians attacked. She’d listened at her father’s tavern when the soldiers passed through the town. She’d never thought that the stories would become a reality.

Still clutching the tome, she tiptoed out of the bedroom and crept down the stairs. Silent tears blurring her vision. The usually lively tavern lay dark and empty. Toppled chairs, tables, and mugs of ale left behind.

“H-hello? Anyone… down here?” Her voice broke, and she cursed herself. Her father’s words echoed in her head, telling her that speaking clearly was important.

A thud came from the top of the stairs, and Lavender spun around. 

“Sarah?” she said, calling out the barmaid’s name. 

A guttural groan was the only reply as Mr. Boran came into view, his eyes as dead as before, but his mouth open and dripping. He took an unsteady step down the staircase. Then a strange smile curved his chapped lips. His knees bent back slightly. He leaped.

***

Lavender screamed and sat up on her cot. Sweat soaked her sheets, and her heart hammered in her ears. Ten years had passed since that night, but the nightmares still plagued her sleep.

With a trembling sigh, she wiped her eyes. The wooden floor of the academy warmed her cold feet as she made her way toward the kitchen.

The best part of the Rosewood Academy was that regardless of the hour, someone was always awake and making tea. This morning it was Patience.

“Got a cup for me?” Lavender said and sat down at the table.

Patience tilted her head to the side so that her dark hair fell sideways. She narrowed her eyes. “Nightmares again?”

Lavender nodded and warmed her hands on the steaming cup that the other girl placed in front of her. She rarely spoke about her past, but she always felt like Patience knew more than she let on.

“You know what my medicine would be,” Patience said.

Lavender pushed her lips together. “It’s okay.”

“Well, if you change your mind…” The dark-haired girl gave her a slanted smile before turning on her heel and walking out of the kitchen.

Lavender sighed. Patience had turned eighteen a few months ago, and she’d been gifted with the power of Dreamwalking. To step into the realm of the sleeping and explore the subconscious mind. She was still a novice, but she was always asking everyone, including Master Kirk, to be her test subject.

Slowly slurping her tea, Lavender watched the sunrise over the treetops. Today was her eighteenth birthday, but she’d already received her gift ten years earlier – her father’s tome – so she wasn’t particularly excited. So far, the magic that flowed through her father’s veins still refused to take root in hers. She knew a few basic tricks, but Master Kirk said that she had a much better chance with the blade. 

Two more days and she’d be out of here. She’d join the recruiters then and ride out to the frontline. She’d never belonged in the academy in the first place. She wasn’t special like the others. She’d never be able to bend the elements like Yarik or manipulate the astral plane like Jenna or Patience. No, she was just here because she’d had no other place to go and Master Kirk was her only living relative – even if a distant one.

A knock came on the door, and Lavender hurried over.

“Hello and welcome to the Rosewood-” she said before realizing that nobody was at the door. “What the…?”

Only an old scythe lay on the porch, the sharp steel gleaming in the light of the dawn. With a tight face, Lavender bent down and picked it up. She’d heard stories of people who received magical weapons instead of powers. The Mage Hunter Conclave consisted entirely out of them.

A smile danced across her lips. Perhaps, with this scythe, she could start her very own Farmers Conclave? 

***
r/Lilwa_Dexel for more.