I woke up sitting in a cinema. Next to me was a roman soldier and a barbarian woman.

"Ehm sorry to bother you, but where am I?"

"Look who finally arrived."

The roman soldier turned his head to me.

"Hi, I'm Nr. 13. But just call me Julius. You must be Nr. 51."

"What?"

"You are dead. You just died trough a accident."

"Accident?"

The woman suddenly burst into laughter.

"Yes you idiot. You just won the Darwin Award. Trying to grind your stick on a grinding machine must be the best idea you ever had!"

I was still confused. I barely remembered anything.

"By the way thats Nr. 14. Just call her Asla. You bled to death when your nutsack got stuck on the blade of the machine. That thing ripped it off clean and you colored your entire workspace red. But well, at least you had a interesting life. Very entertaining for us."

"Us? How many are there?"

I looked around. People from all over the world and times were sitting here.

"Alright, let me sum in up for you."

The roman put down his popcorn.

"This is our afterlife. Everytime we die, the previous reincarnation will be placed in this cinema. And together we can watch the life of the next reincarnation. And to answer your question: There are 51 of us till now. Now lean back and enjoy the show. The snack bar is behind us."

"But why is there a woman sitting next to me?"

Asla cleaned her mouth from the cheese sauce.

"Life knows no religion, gender or skincolor. See that guy over there, the chinese dude? Or that black woman in the front?"

"So...we just sit here and watch a movie?"

"Yep, no idea what happens when all the 300 seats in this cinema gets filled tough. And...oh look, its starting again!"

The next movie started. After probably a few hours I forgot, why I was so scared and confused about afterlife.

"NO, WHAT ARE YOU DOING??? DON'T KISS HER FOR FUCK SAKE! SHE IS STILL CHEATING ON YOU!"

Nr. 52 just kissed his 3. wife. Even tough she was still cheating on him with the crack dealer from the corner.

Julius scoffed.

"Pff, divorce number 3 incoming guys."

Asla agreed.

"Either that or he is getting shot by that dealer."