On seeing the fabled figure fright fills your heart. But in a moment's time you calm feeling no pain or fear from the apparition before you. "Am I dead?"

"Yes my child, now be quick, we must be away before we are noticed." He turns and leaves bidding me to follow. In the silence I notice his fearsome weapon, the scythe meant to reap all souls. It is old, dirt covers it and its blade is well worn and aged. 

"Where are we going? Why do we have to hurry? What harm could become of us here?"

Death looked to me from over his shoulder and spoke in a soft yet firm voice. "It is not what harm we could befall here, but what harm you could befall here. In this place, the void between life and the afterlife lies those who would seek to steal you away and drag you into their suffering. Ones who have been granted no heaven and blessed with no hell. As for where we are going, we go to your reward."

"But they would not attack one such as you surely."

He laughed a mirthless laugh. "No, I would not be attacked by them as it is my punishment to oversee them all. I who made the first sin. I protect those like you now as penance for my crime."

"First sin...you mean the apple from the Tree of Knowledge?"

"No my son, the apple was not a sin only the protection from knowing sin and losing purity making man and woman fallible to sin. When it was eaten sin became able to latch onto our souls. As long as it was not eaten then knowledge of sin could not be known. I am Cain, brother of Abel, son of Adam and Eve. In my arrogance and anger I lashed out and killed my brother salting this world with rage and anger. Now I protect the souls of those who came after and guide you on to your final resting place."

"But what harm would it do to stay here? I mean if a soul is meant for Hell would this not be better?"

"It may seem it, but it is not. These are not the souls of men and women. These are the souls of the demons who fell in the war between Heaven and Hell. These are the ones who devour all life they can to sate their endless hunger. To allow me to repay my debt God gave me this scythe, my scythe from before my brother died. It is blessed so that it can harm those who live here." 

We kept marching on and on for what seemed like hours before we arrived at a simple non-descript door on a partial wall as if it was all that should be present in this grey void around us. "Beyond this door is your reward. You may face it or you may stay with me. I can not make you leave, but it is your choice." 

A growl sounded and I looked towards it to see nameless horrors and monsters slinking out of shadows that began to grow larger all around us. "Make your choice child. Now is the time." He readied his scythe to fight. A monstrous being almost like a lion leaped at him and he sliced it in half with a swing of his scythe. More came and soon he was surrounded.

I scrambled to the door and opened it seeking safety as a few turned to look at me hungrily. I saw the look in the eye of my companion, the sadness and acceptance. The door swung shut and I looked around at the darkness around me before a light glowed to life. The light grew more welcoming and I stepped towards it and threw a opening with a smile. "Welcome to Hell." A mocking voice called out to me and I opened my eyes before my world exploded into pain. 

On the other side of the door the monsters backed away from the wounded scythe bearer as the blade glowed brightly. He stood and looked to the door sadly. "As is said by many, I can only show you the path. What you do on it is up to you." He vanished only to appear in the void once more with a young woman laying on the ground and slowly standing up. 

"Am I dead?"