When you work hard enough to build a life, at some point, you just accept that it’s enough. My life wasn’t perfect - not by a long shot. Got some problems with the wife, and they were only getting worse since the last of the kids moved out. More often than not my back aches something fierce. It’s a mess of stiff knots buried in tight muscles and a pinched sciatic nerve. 

But things, for the most part, were good. The kids were doing great; Grace just started her first year of nursing at the university and Nick was in his third year of his Biology degree. I couldn’t have been more proud of them. I still played on my beer league hockey team, and I wasn’t doing that bad for 57. I certainly wasn’t as fast as I was when I was 20, but I still counted being up on my skates as a win. 

Then there was my job. I loved every minute of it. I was damn good at it, too. 

Sure, at times it was the *cause* of some of my marital problems. Helen thought I spent too much time at the precinct, thought I was avoiding her, thought I was putting it in front of my life. 

Maybe I was. Maybe I did. But I wouldn’t change a minute of it.

As much as I loved my own kids, I would miss every one of their birthdays and their baseball games and their parent-teacher conferences if it meant I could bring back *just one kid* to their parents again.  

I never forgot a single face. Claire Jones, sobbing with Nate back in her arms. Iman Azar hugging her dad, Rami, round the waist. The small moments of joy made everything worth it. 

I never forgot the funerals, either. The first one (Joshua Pratt 1980-1989) was the worst. It was brutally cold, the kind it can be only in February. I didn’t go to the graveside, but I came for the church service. At least, I remember thinking, at least I gave them closure. It was better than nothing.  The funerals never got easier. 

The worst were the cases that went cold. 

How can a person just disappear? It never made sense to me, but it happened too often. One day, a person could be sitting at a family dinner; they could be drinking and eating and laughing and smiling and crying. They could be *alive*. And the next day, they’re gone. Not dead, because at least death is a sort of visceral and real thing, but just *gone*. 

The person, who was so alive the day before, could become a ghost - not yet dead but no longer here, either.  

And chasing ghosts is no way to live. At some point, you had to make a call: pack it in or keep looking. As much as no one ever wants to call it quits as long as there was still half a chance their daughter, or brother, or lover could still be out there, it was mighty painful to see aging parents still looking for their son fifteen years out. Spending their retirement savings on private investigators.  Going to skeevy cities on vacation, chasing the ghost,  instead of relaxing on a beach in Hawaii. No way to live - but how could you ever give up on family?

So maybe that’s what disturbed me the most about the file left on my desk. Sometimes old cold cases warmed up again. A confession, a tip, that sort of thing. It wasn’t that unusual to find a cold case sitting on my desk. 

But inside the manila folder was a picture I recognized. More than recognized, it was a picture I had *lived*. There I was, in black and white, standing on a picnic bench somewhere in the mountains. On my left sat a woman, smiling, and hold my little hand. She had the same nose as me - slim but crooked. I flipped over the old photo. *James and Diane, Banff, 1963*. The writing was loopy, neat and precise. 

I dropped the photo back onto the file. 

Everything I knew was wrong; it was all a lie. The life that I had built, the life that I was content with, had no real foundation. 

I was one of the ghosts. 

Who was chasing after me?



---

/r/liswrites

Critiques are always welcome and appreciated. 