“Ashley, please don’t do this.” 

We were in James’ shitty two room apartment, with rain beating down on the windows. I was getting dressed and putting my stuff into a bag. James was sitting on a chair, holding a steaming mug in his hand. His dark hair was disheveled after just waking up. His blue eyes were wide, however. 

“What other choice do I have, James?” I said. 

His got up and went over to me and grabbed my hand. “Run away, Ash, with me. We can just leave all this behind us,” he said. 

I closed my eyes and took a shuddering breath. Oh, I wanted to believe that. I really did. I wanted to believe that we could just run away, hand in hand, and leave this godforsaken city, and that Cult behind. I wanted to but I knew it wasn’t true. 

“You know we can’t, James. The Cult isn’t just in this city, it’s all over the world. No matter where we go, which country we go to, someone will always be there. Eventually,” I took a choked breath, “eventually we’ll mess up….and that’ll be that.”

“How would they find us, Ash? We’d just be two normal people among 6 billion,” he said. Something dark flickered in his eyes. Desperation. 

I carefully wrenched my hand free of his. “James,” I said as gently as I could, “I’m not normal people.” I waved my hand and a small flame flickered in my palm. Even though he’d seen me do it hundreds of times, James still flinched. 

Another reason why I couldn’t stay. 

“They want my blood, James,” I said, “I’m that….thing’s descendant, and they need me to bring it back into this world. They’ll never stop looking for me.”

 “But your plan is insane, Ash. It won’t work!”

I smiled then, and kissed him lightly on the lips. 

“Goodbye, James.”

***

This was it. The moment of truth. I was in the glowing pentagram, with cultists all around me, chanting. They had chained me to ground. 

*You could’ve been in LA right now, Ash,* a part of me thought. *And looking constantly over my shoulder* I countered. This was the only way. 

Their chanting reached a crescendo, with each voice overlapping, until it became something more.

This was it, I could feel Az’allach coming. 

The voices stumbled. There was a scream. I heard Az’allach howl in frustration, as the ritual was interrupted. 

“Get away from her you freaks!” James roared. 

Oh no, you idiot, you total idiot. 

There were gunshots, and a few of the cultists cried out. 

How had he even gotten in here?

More shouting, closer. Despite myself I felt a surge of hope. He was actually going to make it! 

“Give her ba,” he started to say, but never finished. That bloodcurdling scream echoed in my ears to this day. I never saw his body, but I knew with a a final certainty that he was dead. 

Az’allach came howling back in my head, as the chants resumed - like nothing had happened. Like they hadn’t just killed the most important person in my life. 

*DAUGHTER, I HAVE COME TO CLAIM YOU*

A cold hard rage surrounded me. I was going to kill every last son of a bitch here. 

Az’allach entered my mind. It was a cold, oily presence slithering into the crevices of my brain. 

*SURRENDER YOUR WILL, DAUGHTER, AND TOGETHER WE SHALL RULE*

"Fuck you!" I screamed.

I used my anger, the desperation, the sadness and coalesced it into a shield, just like the shaman had taught me. For a moment, Az’allach recoiled.

*YOU DARE RESIST!*

A tidal wave slammed into me, and my head felt like it was clamped by teeth. 

I was going to lose to this thing. After all this, leaving James, seeing him die, all these years of running away they were going to win. Hell no, I wasn't letting that happen.

I pushed back harder. I think if James hadn’t just died, I wouldn’t have been able to beat him, I wouldn't have been able to muster the energy, but he had. And I did. 

*YOU WILL WELCOME ME DAUGHTER* 

Az'allach, again tore into my mind, trying to wrestle control, but he left himself wide open. I abandoned my own defenses and attacked his defenseless mind.  

There was a scream, mine or his I don’t know. Everything went black.

***

The next thing I knew I was standing in the room surrounded by kneeling cultists. My own body lay on the ground, my eyes glowing red. 

"What've you done!" Az'allach screamed, from my body. It was a bit surreal actually. I looked down at myself. I had red skin, curled up wings, and horns, and scales. The whole package. I frowned.

As if sensing my displeasure my body just...dissolved. And I was in an identical copy of my own body. I could get used to this. I smiled for a moment. 

Then I saw his body. 

They had cleared a space around James’ body I could see, now that I was standing. Just knelt around him, ignoring him completely. Like he didn't exist. 

"What have you done!" the demon screamed again. 

"Oh I haven't done anything yet," I said, "but I'm going to."

Again, fireballs appeared in my hand, blurring the air with their heat, but I felt nothing. Just a cold, numbness.

"I'm going to find," I said, deliberately enunciating each word, "and I'm going to kill. Every. Last. One of you."

I threw the fireballs. 
 

***
(major edits)

If you enjoyed, check out [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/)  

  
