He stared at me with his yellow eyes, quietly playing the harmonica. He looked... almost sad. You know what, no, he was actually sad. Why wouldn't he be? He spent his entire life sitting on an empire, and everyone just up and left him suddenly. Even his demons left; with no reason to stay, and no job to fulfill, they themselves were able to return to Heaven. 

I looked around the room I now sat in, taking in what was there. There wasn't much to take in really; it was a simple room, almost like one you'd find in a cottage far out in the country. There was a window on the left wall; it looked out onto reddish stone, a lava stream trickling from a small hill a ways off. Surprisingly, even though there wasn't any sun to shine, it was still light enough to see everything clearly without having to squint.

Suddenly, the music stopped. I looked over to the Devil as he set the harmonica on the table we both sat at.

Sighing, he spoke; "Well, why don't you leave? I've already explained to you there's nothing here. There's nothing to make you stay any more, though I suppose that's inaccurate; there was never anything that made people stay, it just wasn't very clear." 

I looked back out the window, silent. Why am I staying here? I'm lucky he's not in a vengeful mood anymore, or I'd probably already be in a river of lava much deeper than the stream out the window. 

I turned back to him and spoke, saying, "I'm not sure. I wound up here because I killed myself, and, even if I don't have to stay, if I left for heaven I'd have to deal with everyone again. All the people that were mean in life were supposed to be down here, and now that they can leave, I bet they're in Heaven, unchanged. Why would I join them there when they're the reason I'm here in the first place?"

The Devil was quiet. He shifted in his seat, though he didn't stand. When he spoke, his voice wasn't quite as sullen as it had been before; "well, in that case, I suppose you're here to stay. There's not much to do here, but sometimes it's nice just to..." he paused, looking at the ground. He shook his head and continued, "sometimes it's nice just to sit in quiet and not talk to people."

I smiled. That didn't sound bad at all, just sitting around. We sat like that, sitting there for who knows how long. The distant bubbling of lava provided a nice ambience that just let a person relax. I decided, while sitting there, that I was going to stay in Hell. Who knows, maybe I'll even bother getting to know the Devil a little better sometime.

(Sorry for any bad grammar, I'm on mobile and wrote this during study hall.)

EDIT (9:19 P.M. CST 02/19/2017) A few minor spelling/grammar errors I finally got 'round to correcting, as wellas a big thanks to u/kittenparry for popping my gold-cherry!