"So you've never seen both names? Just the one?" She asks. "How could you live like that? Not knowing? It seems so....I dunno..."

"Liberating, the word you're looking for is liberating." I reply as i set down my coffee cup. I've answered this question a million times. In our world everyone is born bearing two names inscribed on their flesh. The one above your heart, was supposed to be the name of the person who claimed it. The one on the back of your neck, was supposed to be the name of the person who will ultimately be reponsible for your death. 

That name sits there, a sword of Damocles, in the minds of all who learn what is written. People live their lives in terror of any person with a similar name. My parents, decided they didnt want me living in terror and never told me the name on my neck. High collared shirts and hair covered the dreaded death name from prying eyes. As a result, i was able to go my entire life without knowing that name. 

Now here i was, on a 4th date with Emma, answering that question again. 
"I dont have to be afraid of a world full of Brians or Olivers or even Emmas. I can just do what i do, every day and let death come as a surprise. No fear, no worries" i smile. 

Emma thinks for a moment before smiling back. "Yeah, i can see that." She replies. Her blue eyes and wavy hair tease another grin out of me. My heart skips a beat and resumes its attempts to burst from my chest with excitement as i gently take her hand and lead her out of the small cafe and into the warm city night. That night Emmas delicate finger tips would trace the tattoo on my chest, leaving a trail of fire that burned deep into my core. Upon my heart she would stake her claim, as with her lips and hands, she traced her name. 

With Emma, i felt a connection i never knew i could have with another person. I understood her moods and mannerisms and she could read me like a book. We synced on every level. My fondest memories are us, sitting in a quiet room, just enjoying each other's presence. It may seem silly to some, but to me, those moments were pure heaven. We were married for 10 blissful years. In all those years we'd never been apart. Until now. 

Im sorry Emma, I really am. I cannot begin to understand how difficult this is for you, and yet you know there was no one else i could ask. My brother has been there for me, just as you have, for every tough decision in my life. It was he, who suggested i talk to you the day we met. He's the only one i could trust with this. 

You have questions im sure, i can only answer the Why?

Im tired sweetheart. I hurt in ways i never thought possible. Every breath is agony for me. Yet, the thing that pains me most, is watching you suffer by my bedside. Watching you cry yourself to sleep when you think I'm asleep. I cant do that to you anymore. I want you to go out into the world and find happiness again. Go to Spain like we'd planned, hike the ancient Inca trail to Machu Picchu, get a dog, see the northern lights. I want all that for you and so much more, but you cant do it sitting here. So i asked my brother to help me. He's the one that gave me the overdose of morphine. Im sorry my love. I have to start this final journey without you. Ill see you on the other side. 

P.S. Fuck cancer.
_______

Emma lets the letter slip from her fingers too the floor. Her hands shake with grief. She lets out a soundless cry as the pain in her heart is too unbearable to find a voice. Her ragged gasps and sobs echo as she also drops the empty syringe to the floor. Carl, her husbands brother wraps her up in his arms. "You should have let me do it Emma" he whispers. 

"No, he was my husband, my love, my while life" she sobs into his chest. 

Carl's parents walk into the room with cupsof coffee in their hands. They see the lifeless body of their son and the empty syringe on the floor. They look at Carl and he shakes his head, eyes full of tears. 

"Emma, oh no honey, what have you done" his mother whispers. She wraps her arms around her daughter in law as they both grieve. 

"I had to, he was hurting so bad. I didnt want him to suffer anymore." Emma cries. 

Carls parents hug her and tell her, "we know sweetie. Its alright." 

They lead her to the bedside, Carl's dad rolls his son's body onto its side and lifts the hair on the back of his neck. Emma bursts into fresh tears as she sees her name, written again, on the body of her husband. The family embraces her and shares her sorrow. 
______

Carl is getting ready for bed after a long day. He feels sorrow and exhaustion seep into his bones and weigh him down. He shuts off the lights to his room when there's a knock at his front door. He makes his way down the stairs and expects to see his parents when he opens the door. 

Emma is standing there, looking a wreck. Her eyes and nose are red from crying. The vacant stare she had at the funeral was gone, replaced by firm resolution. 

"Carl, i need your help." She begins, stepping past him into his home. She turns and holds out a small glass bottle to Carl. Carl recognizes it instantly. He had used a similar one at the hospital to fill a syringe for his brother. 

"Where did you get that?" He scolds. 

"I stole it, it doesnt matter. Will you help me or not!?" She asks, tears threatening. 

"No! I can't. I know you're hurting Emma but i just cant." He responds. 

"I cannot live without him. It seems stupid and irrational,  but i feel so empty. I want him back, this is the only way, please...im begging you" she sobs, collapsing to her knees.

"Im sorry Emma, i cant." Carl says, reaching for his phone. 

"Wait!" Emma cries reaching out to him. Carl pauses. She wipes the tears from her eyes and wraps her long wavy hair around her hand. She pulls it to the side and bows her head, exposing her neck. Carl hesitates for a moment, but morbid curiosity overtakes hime. He steps forward to see the name imprinted on the back of Emmas neck. Even upside down, he can clearly read the name. He falls to his knees besides Emma. 

She clings to him and they cover eachother in tears. "Please" comes the strained whisper from Emma. 

Carl kisses her forehead and closes his eyes. Even behind the safety of closed eyelids, he can see his name etched on the back of Emmas neck. 

"You wont feel a thing, " he promises, taking the Morphine from Emmas hands. 

"Thank you," comes the grateful reply. 


