Honestly I hadn't even wanted to use the hair dye. I had lost a bet with a friend and she had made me put it in my hair. My mom needless to say had not been happy but she hadn't had much time to yell at me because I was late for school. I shoved a pice of toast in my mouth as I sprinted out the door.  Before I could get far I ran into a police barricade. Literally, I was moving so fast I ran straight into it. 
"Careful kid," one of the officers scolded, "this is a crime scene."
"Sorry" I apologized, "I'm late for school."
"Ok then," he said, "just hurry along, and no detours ok?" The officer turned and muttered to himself, "just what the hell is going on here?"
I was confused but honestly it wasn't my concern, and I was still really late. I hurried of without a word. I hardly made it past the barricade before I stubbed my toe on some glowing black cube. 
"The power," a creepy voice whispered, "the power to-"
I ran past it not having time for what I can only assume is a hallucination brought on by the hair dye fumes. Four kids ran pats me wearing armor. 
"Come on!" One of the boys said, "it should be right down here!"
The other children ran with him. Their costumes were quite impressive. I can only assume they were dressed like that for Halloween, even though it was two months away. 
I was at the school now and saw my English teacher sitting at the gate a sour look on her face. That was rather impossible though, because our English teacher had died in a car crash last month. Ignoring the second hallucination of the day I finally made it to my class. I sat down in my desk. A black cat jumped up on it to face me. 
"Please help my home," it squeaked, "you're the only one who can!"
"Hey," my friend who had given me the hair dye shouted, "I can't believe you actually did it!"
She didn't see the cat. I stared at the cat. The cat stared back. Before I could do anything my friend spoke up again. 
"Do you still have what's left of it?" She asked. 
I jumped and started rummaging around in my bad for the tube of pink hair dye. Before I gave it to her I looked at the back to see if this thing said how long the hallucinations would last. It didn't say anything about that but on the very bottom it said in tiny print, "Warning: May cause main character syndrome". 
