You're huddled around your brand name console playing that new wartime shooter with your friends, who are now pestering you to check that emergency notification coming up in the bottom right-hand corner of your giant flatscreen TV.  You don't check it until the match is over.  It's probably some useless new feature and you really hate popups, after the style of the time.  Finally you win the game with a cross-the-map hatchet throw, which you immediately save for later to post on a brand name video site, and, remembering your social graces, proceed to check the emergency message.
 

"lol", you say, reading that world war three has started and that everyone has been ordered to take what shelter is available.  "Fucking finally, am I right?" you ask with smug indifference.  You look about, hoping that your friends liked your joke.  You are very confident that everything is fine.
 

Some of your friends do not seem so sure.  A few of them break out their phones and start typing queries into a brand name search engine.  The political one, who is quickest on the draw in these scenarios, gets wide-eyed with a mix of fear, vulnerability, and resignation.  "It's true," he says.  "They're airborne".
 

You scoff, you make appeasements, and in all ways try to take the edge off.  You don't really believe your political friend.  You're pretty sure he's kind of biased and that he doesn't always get his information from reliable sources.  You've read on a brand name internet forum that it happens all the time to people with strong opinions.  It's just one of those fear-mongering scams to rile up the voter base.  Wasn't there going to be an election soon, probably?  It always seems to be election season where you're from.
 

In time, though, and with a slow burn of frantic double-checking, your friends seem to confirm the unimaginable, and that little spider of fear that's been steadily crawling up your throat hits your uvula and you choke, however briefly.  But then you take a hard swallow, recompose yourself, and go back to trying to calm your friends down.

 
"Relax, everyone," you say, getting up and taking a few sauntering steps about your spacious rural home.  "We have missile defense system *for a reason*."  You smile, looking from face to face to make sure they all see how composed you are.

 
"Nah, dude," your quiet veteran friend retorts with a funny laugh in his voice.  "Not for something like this."  You generally think he's full of shit and low-key using his veteran status to act like an authority on all matters military-related.  He starts listing off some of the systems your country has deployed, figures about their defense capacity, and other minutia that merely confirm your suspicions.  You'll all be fine.

 
"Well even if that were the case," you say, cutting him off and pushing him back into the quiet demeanor you prefer him to maintain, "we're miles from any major city.  And the wind doesn't blow this way!" you exclaim, suddenly putting together the pieces of some puzzle involving blast radius, fallout, and weather patterns with a giddy self-assurance that sparks a brief look of hope in some of your friends' faces.

 
"That's not how that fucking works, you asshole".  It's your political friend.  Of *course* it's your political friend.  He starts going on about weather phenomena and something called the watershed and you really can't be bothered because he's uppity and full of crap.  He's always trying to make a big deal out of things and get you to go to protests instead of just having the decency to come over and chill.  You are sick to death of it.
 

"Yeah yeah we get it you finished college!" you shout, with maybe a little more anger than annoyance.  You're not sure why you're so angry but it seems to have gotten everyone to shut up.  You all turn to the window as you hear an ambulance going by, hitting every pothole on your street with a loud thump, and the hair on the back of your neck bristles up.
 

"And anyway," you continue, "there's one more thing you're forgetting!"
 

"What's that?" your gay friend asks since you've shut everyone else up and it's his turn to be the one to engage with you.

 
You get your biggest, smuggest grin on for this next part.  "Well the bombs have been in storage for so long that every last one of them is probably a dud!" you exclaim from the comfort of your living room in your town so safely away from any major city.  Never mind that your country has spent billions keeping your nuclear arsenal maintained for the past half a century.  Never mind that there are well over 1.5k operations-ready warheads in your country alone, not in storage, but fully armed and deployable.  Never mind that every other country with nukes has been doing the same.  Never mind that any of this was easily, *trivially* discovered with a quick query in a name brand search engine on your name brand game console's name brand internet app.  You've never minded about anything.  You've never wanted to be an agitator.  You just want everyone to chill and leave everyone else to their business.  Well guess what?  The world doesn't work that way.  Everything isn't chill.  Your entire world is on the brink of annihilation every moment of every day and you can't be bothered to take even the slightest action to express concern about it.  And not only do you not give a damn yourself, you try to drag everyone around you down into your impotent fugue because you can't stand even a momentary disruption in the peace of your immediate social circle.  **You hear another siren outside your window and the sounds of more tires going over potholes.  That's a lie, but to be fair I don't see why I should disturb your last few moments of peace.  Why make you suffer the imposition of dealing with your own mortality?  That droning wail is just the Doppler effect, not the deafening harbinger of your inexorable red death!!  Hey, why don't you make a thread about this on your name brand forum site??  Put it in that writing community, because you can't be bothered to talk about it yourself and need other people to come entertain you.  "What if they were all duds, am I right???"  EVERYTHING WILL BE FINE**