The scent in the patrol car was an exotic mix of chemical cleaner, stale farts, and Mexican food. My partner, Stanley, was tapping her hand on the passenger window in time with the rhythm of the rain.

"You know...", she said, nursing her coffee cup, "the biggest cop killer is heart disease. All that grease is gonna take 20 years off your life."

"Mmmpf." I grunted dismissively between mouthfuls of burrito. "Who would want 20 more years of my life? Besides, I love this place. But you can buy lunch tomorrow."

Stanley snorted. "No one else is open at one in the morning."

"Yeah, exactly." Jamesville, Oregon, was a one-stoplight town. We were lucky the little tacqueria was open at all, and doubly lucky that they gave cops free coffee.

The radio crackled. "210, dispatch." I plucked the handset off the dash. It was Wednesday night. Weekdays were usually quiet, but like any other rural Northwest town we saw our share of domestic incidents and tweaker rampages at odd hours. Often the two phenomena were correlated.

"Dispatch, 210, go ahead?"

"We had a 911 call from Camp Explorer off 23. County dispatcher thought she heard someone speaking or breathing, but the call cut off right away. You know where that is?"

"Yeah, my kids went there. 210, responding." I put the cruiser in gear and pulled out onto the road.

"Hey, uh, we might not have any reception up there. Can we get another car or two?" Camp Explorer was nestled in a little valley, right up against the national forest, and our radios didn't always play well with the mountains. We were in a bad position. A disconnected 911 call was usually an accident, but if it wasn't, the most likely case was a medical emergency, which we weren't really prepared to handle. The nearest hospital was over an hour away. Out here, if someone was hurt we'd probably have to call in a life flight.

"Roger 210, I'll see what I can do. Over."

"'Preciate it, if you don't hear from us in two hours, send everybody. State, fire, EMS, national guard, Green Berets." 

Stanley sighed. "Let's hope some teenager just butt-dialed 911."

"Yeah, I mean, no. No cell phone service up there. Someone picked it up and dialed."

-

By the time we'd pulled off of highway 23, the rain had stopped. The camp was only about 30 miles from town, but the last 10 of those was gravel forest service road. I drove slowly and evenly as the headlights cast the shadows of hanging fir and cedar limbs over the rising post-rain fog. More than once I caught the glowing eyes of an animal in the corner of  my vision, where the headlights met the dense brush at the side of the road. My kids had stayed here a couple summers ago - even in the dark, I recognized the turnoff, and a few hundred yards later, the Camp Explorer signpost and the carved wooden totem. We pulled ahead to the empty guest parking lot.

"No one home." Stanley said. There was an edge of something in her voice.

"The season just ended. Employee parking's up this way." I nosed the car forward slowly. I thought about turning the blue lights on, but didn't. The car brushed under a hanging tree branch. It sounded like nails on a chalkboard. The employee lot was a third full. A couple decade old trucks and high-mileage SUVs, and a beater sedan. Pretty typical for broke 20-something councillors. The trucks were loaded down with tools and hardware. Must've been doing end-of-season maintenance. I shut the cruiser off, and flicked off the headlights. There was just enough ambient light through the clouds to make out the outline of the camp office. Full moon.

"Shouldn't there be lights on?"

"Yeah." I said. There was a lightpost between us and the camp office, but it, and all the windows, were dark. I tried to check in with dispatch, but was met with only static.

"Maybe a tree fell, took the power out?"

"Maybe. But let's check it out. Stay close." We got out of the car and started towards the office, Stanley on my right, scanning the woods with her flashlight, one hand on her holstered weapon. 

"This place is creeping me out."

"Yeah."

A few yards from the car, I fet her squeeze my upper arm, hard. I stopped dead. Her voice was a whisper. "The door." The camp office door wasn't visible from the lot, but as we rounded the corner of the building, we could see that the door had been broken inward, and what was left of it was hanging splintered from the hinges. Something very red and wet was smeared across the green paneling.

"Turn your light off." I hissed. "Back to the car. I got our backs." We both dropped into a crouch-walk, my left hand on the back of her shoulder to keep us together while I covered the door with my weapon. We made it to the side of the cruiser, staying low, and Stanley covered me while I tried the radio again. Only static.

"What the hell do we do?"

"We have to get out of this canyon and call in. We have to wait for back..." A bloodcurdling shriek from somewhere out of the darkness cut me off. It was close, and very human. Stanley and I swiveled our heads around the parking lot, trying to make out something, anything, in the dark forest beyond, but even with a full moon it was like staring into a black hole. 

"Ok. Change of plans. Someone's in trouble."

"By walking into a fucking slasher movie?"

"Well we're not gonna stroll in and ask Freddy Krueger for ID and a breathalyzer. But yeah. We got a job to do."