Sam sighed as he looked upon the whole of his creation. "I just don't want them to hate me," he said. "They never even knew their mother. I'm all they've got."

The woman seated next to him nodded sagely. "I know it can be hard, raising them alone. But this hands-off approach you've been using for the past few millennia just isn't *good* for them, dear. They need *discipline*. As it is, your people are stunted. You gave them this whole beautiful universe and for the most part they don't even care to explore it. They just stay in their Earth, wrecking the place and fighting with each other over who loves you more. You need to give them a little guidance. They'll thank you for it."

"I'm just worried if I let myself lose my temper I'll take it too far," said Sam.

"Yes," the woman paused, considering her words carefully. "The flood was a little bit over the top. But you can teach them boundaries without all of that."

Sam flushed slightly. "I'm​ still embarrassed about that one," he said. "But they just really push your buttons sometimes, you know? It's the free will that makes it tricky." He sighed again. "Sara would have known what to do." 

"I know you miss her," the woman said. She patted his knee. "But you can't just let them run wild like this. Have you thought about reining in the free will a bit? Your people might be happier that way. Look at your ants and bees. So organized!" 

"They're killing the bees too!" Sam shook his head. "No, that's my fault. I should have made them cuter. You should see how hard they work to save pandas, and they don't pollinate anything!"

"I think we're getting off topic, dear."

"I'm just saying, a lot of this is on me," said Sam. "I've just been creating off the cuff. Panda bees! That's a great idea right? I should get to my workshop."

The woman shook her head. "You can't just keep escaping into your work."

Sam shrugged "Look, the people will sort things out in time. But they have to have free will. I haven't given up on my goal yet." 

"What is your goal, dear? What do you want from them?"

"Just...someone to talk to," Sam said. "That's all."

There was no reply.

The wind picked up. Sam looked at the empty space beside him and sighed again. He stood up. 

"I really should get back to it then," he said to the wind.

