And I had done it! Well... WE had done it. After all, anything worth having, takes a lot of effort and many hands make light work. So WE had done it. The final piece of the puzzle. Re-growing limbs, artificial organs, suspended animation... none of it held anything compared to mind transference that maintains the brain throughout the entirety of replacement.

I remember reading about the history books, where testing medicine (well, this is technology, but back then medicine and technology were not so intertwined) like this would require long-term testing on various species before it would be allowed to even think of human trials. But those days had long passed with the loss of so many species and the various societal upheavals... Suffice it to say, No one would blink an eye if I went ahead and tested it myself after we had already proved it worked on 3 dogs and 2 mice.

And so I attached the cords to the implants in my brain and spine and it began. It was going to take nearly a month, lugging this backpack around, but the promise of a non-deteriorating consciousness beckoned. The team applauded me. Some were going to try it themselves after they saw the results of my plunge. Some were more hesitant.

I had to keep things relaxed, stay safe for the time being while the device did its work. That meant I couldn't leave the center for the entire month. And obviously regular tests and monitoring was required. But with some VR vacationing, time flew. And a month was up.

So as I sat on the table, waiting for the Doctor to detach me from the device, someone else came into the room. Not in-front of me, but out of the corner of my eye I spotted them. If I turned, they disappeared. But I could still see them. They spoke softly. Barely above a whisper and they were gone. But the card was there. I quickly took a mental photo of it before tossing it in the trash. The Doctor entered, congratulated me, and I headed off to the celebration party!

...

The death of the Sun... How spectacular. I remember the eras when I couldn't even look at some of these frequencies. And now, to see the dark matter and the radiation so brilliantly... Well I had spent 1,000 years perfecting my painting so the emotions spilling upon my easel seemed pretty darn good too. That said, I did need some improvement. I glanced over at my friends, also painting the end of the celestial body which gave us birth. Some were quite a bit better than I. Haha, well I had time to improve.

But I was interrupted. I lost focus a bit. And there in the corner of my eye, I saw someone. I remembered them from before. Death was standing there, watching me.

And then they were gone!

I could sense, or perhaps guess was the better phrase, what they were after. But I had no interest. Not in something so dull. However... I sensed a challenge even death had not caught on to.

...

I was resting in a hammock when the news came in. The final one. We had fully succeeded! All of humankind which still existed was either Immortal, or had decided to leave our dimension entirely to live in a plane of expansion never-ending. The 'old-order' as we called them... they were fine enough, but their efforts slowed down my progress. Besides, the plane of expansion was perfect for them. To continue indefinitely, never changing, always dying, never truly moving. Or at least not in the way we immortals were.

And in the corner of my eye, there Death was. I knew they wouldn't leave this time.

The whispers began again...

"Why haven't you come...?"

I did not reply. Now was not yet the moment.

"Have you not seen all there is...?"

I kept silent. My weight slowly swinging in the hammock.

"Isn't the continuation meaningless without the end?"

Death grew louder and at this point I sat up, though still silent.

"Haven't you seen the terror that is immortality?"

"Immortality is not terror as long as there are others to share it with." I said softly before turning to look at Death. The first great view of them. They believed they had it all figured out. No one challenged them for the entirety of the universe. No one corrected their presumptions. But now that I had forced all dying beings out of our dimension, they could no longer avoid this confrontation.

"I tried that."

"I know. And it failed. And you were young, having achieved your immortality as a fluke. Before philosophy. Before compound logic. And you achieved it without any other. So they were but passing ghosts to you."

Death was silent.

"So, instead of hiding. Instead of dwelling on the past, come with us! It will not always be happy times, I guarantee, but instead of hiding from existence, perpetuating this notion of passiveness by only meeting with people at their ends, perhaps you may find purpose in the never-ending... alongside us."

And death was gone.

"Whoa dude... That was friggin rad." I laughed out loud. "You told me death was on the out, but I didn't think... I mean whoa." He stood there, a billion years into the future, and still he wore socks with crocks.

"You know, you could have said something to them too! They're gone for now, but they'll be back."

"Maybe next time then." He said. And we sat down to continue our 3,000 year long 10-D Chess game.

"If you weren't so spontaneous, we'd still be at war Mr."

"Well if you weren't so conniving, I would have won it." He replied. "Hey... wait... why is this game called Trump Tantrum again?"

And I laughed. A laugh I had never laughed before, and would never laugh again. For all laughs are different. And all laughs will be different. For we are never the same before, and we are never the same after.

------

Tried a different take on the prompt. I wanted to make a story where the protagonist disagrees with death that immortality sucks. Haha