Prologue. to the contribution by Nickofnight

It started, and ended, with a flash. Death ad just emerged from a cave in northern Afghanistan where a goatherd had sheltered from a bitterly cold, winter wind. The young man had died in his sleep.
Death stood at the mouth of the cave and watched the flash spread like a wave to be joined by others to encompass the globe. "Oh crap", he groaned as the melodious "Ahhhh" of an angelic choir filled the air. Then an angel of the Lord drifted down from the heavens to settle beside him.
"Death."
"Gabriel. how goes it?"
"I have been commanded by the Almighty Lord of All Creation, the omnipotent, omnisceint, the giver of live and..."
"Yeah, yeah, out with it, Gabe, what is it now?"
"Your services are no longer required."
"You do realize he's not the God of me, I'm from a different place. How many times do I have to remind him?"
Gabriel looked around, as if the almighty might be nearby.and leaned over to Death, almost touching the black hood covering his head.
Out of courtesy, Death shifted his Scythe to one side.
 "I'm serious .D. There's only a handful of people left so God's decided to do a special and come down himself to deal with them."
Death shook his head and the bones in his neck creaked and scraped.
"He can't. besides, there might be people in bunkers, up mountains, down in submarines, off in remote places"
Gabriel pursed his perfect lips and shook his head, "Sorry, mate."
"I'm not having it," Death said, "I got rights over every single death. this isn't his apocalypse, not by a long shot, so he can't come down himself. He just wants to say he had his day at the end."
Death's deep, gravelly voice rose in anger. "Well tough on him, mankind just screwed up all His scheming.  How many times did I tell him that setting up prophets, and those visions he handed out left right and centre wouldn't work? Bloody idiot.  If he know the first thing about Quantum physics and probability he'd know this. I'm not going to throw in my scythe just so he can prove himself right. He can Fu.."
"Okay, Okay, I get it." Gabriel said and then sighed, "I'll let Jesus know when he get's back."
"Good," Death straightened up, the hollows of his eyes darkening to black holes as they shifted through the energies, filtering everything out except for the distant flicker of mortal life "Ah, there they are, Kyle of Lochalsh."
He was about to set off and stopped. "Hang on, Gabe, Where is Jesus? shouldn't he be here to welcome everyone to heaven?"
Gabriel cleared his throat.
"Oh, of course, God's been pissed with him ever since he started forgiving everyone and letting them all in. But where is the most powerful hippy in the world?"
"Christ knows, he took the crucifixion pretty bad and went off. Last I heard he'd reached Andromeda and was still doing the Ego Quill thing."
"The what?
"Impregnating aliens all over the place."
"What a douche."
"Love is Love." Gabriel replied. His pure white wings spread out as the ashen remains of humanity drifted down around them, and lifted gently into the air. "God won't be happy with this."
"He's never happy."
Gabriel nodded  and for a moment was surrounded by a soft golden glow before disappearing to the sound of a heavenly choir.
Death concentrated the void at his centre and reaching out into the surrounding universes, gathered all his nearby iterations from neighbouring realms . Then, as one, the collective Death, swept like an invisible wind across the Earth and took every life. Even with the aid of his other iterations, including a thousand million Shivas, a billion Kali and iterations he's never even seen, it was an exhausting ordeal to transform the several billion souls into their transcendental form in preparation for their next incarnation.
With the task complete, Death dropped back to and stumbled forwards before regaining his balance. For a brief moment he wondered how these souls would reincarnate, then a smile broke across his face; well it would have been a smile if he had flesh. But for an instant his mood was lightened by the realisation that Jesus' gallivanting around the universe was for this very reason. to give these souls a place to incarnate to should their spiritual path not yet be complete and Heaven-ready.
Relieved by the realisation he looked around for the last of the humans and saw them. A young girl and a man beside her. The others were nearby.
Then a resonance rang through him that he'd never felt before, a sense of his own mortality and for the first time he knew fear. 
With what little energy he had, he reached out again to his iterations and his plea was quickly fulfilled by Shiva - the creator and destroyer. His request would cost him dearly but at least his continued existence was assured for a while at least; long enough to restore life and allow a new Death to arise. Reality abhors a vacuum.
He let out a silent cry as the burning energy of life coursed through the scythe and released a unbearable pain that seared through his bones, his very being. Death fell to the ground, reaching out to the last of the humans. 
Humanity had to survive, He staggered to his feet, still gripping the now life-giving scythe, and enduring the agony of its life-energy that could only be relieved through its release by creating life.
But even in pain he managed a chuckle; God, that miserable old sod, just got trumped.
