I look around, still dazed. I can see large flashing lights of all colours admist the towering buildings around me, adverts for products I don't recognise. A helicopter careens out of control not a mile above my head, perhaps just down the next block there are car horns and the sound of impacts, two people are fighting in front of me, about what I don't know. There's yelling and chatter coming from all directions, in all languages. I bend over, and puke onto the floor.

I try to manage my composure, get my bearings. The people around me look Asian, the writing above is Chinese. I appear to be in Hong Kong, or Beijing, or am I in Taiwan? I look down, I'm met with clothes that aren't mine, arms that aren't mine. I'm skinnier, taller. Amongst the voices I hear people mentioning a random swap, and the image, the idea, is ingrained into my mind. It feels like some cosmic power has done this on purpose.

I see a microphone stand not twenty feet away, a guitar case on the floor littered with coins. We need some order. I stumble over to it, but I don't know what to say. "Excuse me everyone, excuse me" but it seems politeness won't cut through the chaos. "Mayday, mayday, everyone shut the fuck up!" A few heads turn, but the noise level doesn't cut out. What appears to be a small girl taps me on the leg, and points at the microphone, saying something in what I can only assume is Russian or some similar language. I lift her, maybe even him I suppose, to it.

There's a certain pitch of scream that cuts through the human soul. I don't know quite how it works, no doubt some evolutionary strategy to ensure children weren't ignored. But it can't be imitated, it is instantly recognisable. Within short order, all others were silent, and I had the whole crowd looking at me.

"Scientists?!" I didn't know who else to ask for. Perhaps 'police' or 'soldiers' might have been a better choice to quell the anarchy that reigned, but I wanted answers or at least co-ordination amongst those that could find them. "Scientists?" I asked again, hoping that such a word would be known even by those who don't speak English.

A few hands raised. A woman(?) in the crowd announced "I'm a err... doctor of, physics", a couple people started to step forward, and to my surprise the little girl stood at my side raised her hand and nodded. 

I didn't know what was ahead of us, but at least we had somewhere to go.