Aaron sat back against the elevator wall, letting the tobacco fill his lungs. He supposed he should have been nervous. Most people in this situation probably would have been, especially given that he didn’t have his watch on him. How long had he been trapped in here? Had to have been an hour at least. 

 He gave a soft exhale, smoke trickling from his nostrils. He was going to miss this feeling. Ever since the baby, his smoke breaks became one of his only sources of solitude. But like so many others, he decided he had to be a man and do the right thing. In a few months, when the ball dropped, he would drop the cigs, once and for all. That’s if they didn’t all die from the y2k glitch or whatever the fuck they were calling it. 

But for now, he had a convenient excuse to just lean back and be alone. Just him and his pack of Newports. He closed his eyes and imagined the world passing him by, as he sat there alone, undisturbed, unperturbed by all the bullshit…

Suddenly, the elevator doors parted. He pulled his eyes open, feeling as he had just woke up from a dream he couldn’t recall. 

“Sir,” the woman peered down at him critically. “You can’t smoke indoors.” 

He scoffed as he got to his feet. “Yeah, but it’s not illegal, is it?” 

She cocked a thin-arched eyebrow. “Actually, it is. Ever heard of the Smoke Free Air Act.” 

“Can’t say I have. But figures.” He shook his head. “Screw Giuliani, I guess, huh?” 

The woman looked at him as if he was an absolute moron then stepped onto the elevator. 

“Careful,” he warned, as he left to the lobby. “That elevator is on the fritz. I’ve been stuck there for over an hour.” 

She rolled her eyes. “I just rode this elevator ten minutes ago, sir. Take my advice and stay off the drugs.” The doors shut before he could respond. 

Bitch, he muttered under his breath and made his way to the front doors. He felt odd… like something wasn’t quite right. His eyes scanned the lobby briefly. Was it just him, or were the walls painted differently?

In his distraction, he walked right into the path of a young looking man.

“Sorry,” Aaron said, a little flustered. “H-hey you wouldn’t happen to have the time, would you? Left my watch at home.” 

“For sure.” Aaron noticed the guy wasn’t wearing a watch either. Instead, he reached into his pocket and pulled out what looked like some type of phone or pager, but it was flat and didn’t have any buttons.

“I think it’s awesome you still wear a wristwatch, personally,” he said, but Aaron was too focused on what he was holding to register. His eyes widened as the kid’s fingers swiped the now brightened screen, which showed the digital time, 2:00 pm.

“Where did you get that?” Aaron asked amazed. “Is that some kind of new Blackberry?” 

“Ha ha,” the man chuckled sardonically. “Yeah, it’s a little outdated. I’m gonna trade it in after I get my next paycheck.” 

“That must have cost you a fortune though!”

He shrugged. “I’m a slave to Apple, man. Just a spoiled millennial, I guess.” 

A what?, Aaron began to ask, when his eyes caught sight of a woman walking by. She was older, around his age. And her hand was a device that looked exactly like the one this man was holding. 

His mouth felt dry. 

“Sir.” A woman in a security outfit whom he had never seen before approached him. “Sir, do you work here?” 

“Yeah,” he replied, feeling shaken. “Yeah, of course, I work here.” 

“Okay, well I’m going to need to see your key card.” 

“My key card?” Aaron began to get a feeling of deep forboding. Something was wrong. Very wrong. “I may have left it upstairs…look, I don’t really know what’s going on here, but I’m telling you, I do work here. Is Janice in today? Page her, she’ll vouch for me.” 

The woman stared at him. “Janice? I’m not familiar with a Janice, sir.”

“Well, you must be new,” he said, growing frustrated. 

 “I’ve been working here since 2012, sir” she said tersely. “And I’ve never met you, or a Janice. Are you sure you’re in the right building?”

“Look, I know wh…wait. W-when did you say you started working here?” 

She pursed her lips and reached for her radio.

“I’m afraid I’m going to have to ask you to leave, sir.”


