^(First time writing, it's pretty meh)


Death stared at the dusty hourglass.

How long had it been there? Who's was it? Where did the dust even come from? 

...well, at least it was empty, so whoever's it was was already dead, that meant there wasn't an immortal human walking around for the past god-knows-how-long. Death decided it was long past time to retrieve the poor soul, and teleported to the location of the hourglass's owner. 

"...Odd, I don't sense any of the dead in this vicinity. Where could he be?"

"Took your sweet time, didn't you?" A voice quietly rasped.

Death spun around, seeing not a lost soul, but a human...though in appearances it resembled a corpse more so than a human. It (or rather, he) was an recently emancipated figure, barely able to stand.

Death introduced himself. "Oh, there you are, I've been looking for you. I am Death."

"Where've you been the past few centuries?"

"Well...you see, each human has an hourglass that represents their lifespan. Upon the emptying of the glass, the human will die, and I will collect them." Death spoke in monotone, as if this mantra were woven into its very being. 

"Very well, and I'm guessing something happened to mine?"

"Yes, I seem to have...misplaced your hourglass. How did you know?" Death asked, curious for once in many millennia.

"Well, unless you have another explanation as to how I've been alive for the past few centuries or so, lost in this barren wasteland, suffering in eternal torment."

"Well, you can't have been suffering, since you aren't...alive? How are you still alive?!" Death was nearly shouting as he pulled out the dusty hourglass, "your hourglass is clearly empty!" 

Death peered at the hourglass.

"No."

"Now what?"

"It seems that you have...a single grain of sand left." Death answered sheepishly.

"There's just no end to your incompetence is there?" The man dryly asked.

"I'll have you know this is my only blunder from the beginning of time, and how dare you speak to Death with such disrespect?"

"What're you gonna do, kill me?"

Death glared at the man, and deftly flipped the hourglass.