"It's beautiful, isn't it," Sean Murray said as we watched the curve of the Earth sink beneath us, a parabola completing its arc into a sphere. My whole world sunk away and became just another planet spinning in its place through the cosmos, then a marble, then a distant point of light. Sean was at peace now, all the nervous energy of the buildup to launch dissipated, his scraggly work-beard shaved clean. It was if time itself had turned backwards and undone entropy, undone disappointment and resentment, turned back time to that single moment of hope.

"It's beautiful," I said. 

We were aboard a Korvax freighter - not that the Korvax necessarily existed -  but the gleaming architecture was so familiar, like the dozens of space stations I had visited except infinitely more complex. Around us there was the constant bustle of military personnel, scientists, the familiar floating Sentinel drones. Sean and I stood on the observation bay, watching the stars stretch out and return to pure light, their gleaming aftertrails clinging to us as we warped past at hyperdrive. It was real. It was all so beautifully real. 

"Well," Sean said, and coughed. "We ought to get you suited up, hm?"

"Yeah, yeah, sure," I said, and tore my eyes away from the majesty of space. Playing No Man's Sky had been a meditative experience, a gentle meander through the universe, stopping to stock up on minerals and name a bunch of species after dicks. I should have been nervous, seeing it for real, being torn away from my home. But instead there was a familiar tranquility to the scene. I walked, Sean leading me by the hand, down to the launch bay with barely a thought in my head. There was a music sounding in the back of my skull, a reverberation. There were half a dozen ships at dock, flight crews wandering back and forth, other pilots strapping in...

"Your ship," Sean Murray said, and presented me with a boxy little craft. It looked sweet, almost homey, but there was something wrong. Something not quite right. 

"Yeah, sure," I said. The music was getting louder - no, not louder. Deeper. A more intense reverberation. It almost hurt. Other pilots. Why were there other pilots? "I thought-" I said, and gestured vaguely around the launch bay. "Why are there other people here? I thought you said I was the only one. The most time logged, right?" 

"Hm," Sean Murray said, and boosted me up into the cockpit. I slid in almost instinctively, the glass sealing shut around me. "I did tell you that, didn't I?" Sean's voice said in my ear. I shifted uncomfortably. It was tiny in here, almost claustrophobic, barely bigger than a cubicle. There was a small sharp prick at the back of my neck, something cold slipping in-between my vertebrae, and the tension vanished almost instantly. I sunk back down into the seat. 

"You understand what to, don't you?" Sean Murray's voice said. I blinked. The world was shifting color. Green blue pink orange. "You mine. You bring back resources. Just like you were trained to do. Just like you've always done." 

I brought my hand down loosely on the controls, felt the autopilot shift into life, felt the ship respond beneath me. "Who were all those other people?" I said. The ship rocked soothingly under me. There was a sudden lurch forward and my ship was launched out into the vacuum, floating effortlessly to space. It was so lonely. So empty. I saw a coordinate light up and pushed forward by instinct, shooting forward through space. The planetoid ahead of me was grey, barren - and then the thing in my spine pulsed cold for a second, and the world shifted. The planetoid lit up in a pastel haze. "Sean," I muttered through my headset. "Sean. Am I being drugged?"

"It's for the best," his voice said quietly, and there was the old nervous hitch to it, the smiling edge of a lie. "It'd be a bit much to expect you to function otherwise. Every planet a new experience. Every rocky terrain a new hallucinogenically-generated world." My ship touched down automatically on the surface, and there were horses with wings flying past, skittering things with the heads of bananas dashing past my ship. The cockpit slid open and I took the first instinctive steps out. 

"You wanted to explore the universe," Sean said, as I took out my mining laser and began cutting through the ore. There was a hysteric string threaded through his voice, vibrating madly and making it hitch. "But you couldn't have known. I couldn't have known. It was true, all of it, all of it. The outposts. The Sentinels. Mankind stepped into the final frontier and discovered that there was nothing left to discover. That someone had been there before us and claimed it all first." 

"I don't mind," I muttered, jetpacking lazily across the surface. There were birds with six wings flapping overhead. The sky was a whistling green. I took a picture. There was a whole world - a whole galaxy - to explore. "That's why you picked me, isn't it? Why you picked us?"

"That's right," he said, his voice sounding calmer, more resigned. "The government - they trained a generation on these Skinner box games, picked out the best of the best. We were trying to be kind. That's all I wanted to do. I was trying to be kind. Earth's been a Korvax colony since the nineteen-sixties. They've been conscripting us for slave labor, using us to fuel their empire. Do you know what it's been like knowing that? You know what it's been like looking around at the whole unsuspecting world and knowing that we are owned?" 

"There's no need to be worried," I said. The tower of Heridium stretched up before me, and I aimed up my laser and began to mine. All the lights were beeping, all the voices in my ear, as I switched between screens and refueled my shields, my filters, my mining beam, keeping the delicate balance carefully in order. "This is great. I'm having a good time. You made a great game." 

"You would think that, wouldn't you?" Sean said, his voice a sigh. "Better to be hated, right? Better to be hated and thought a liar, than to tell everyone an incomprehensible truth." The sobs started, low and rhythmic, through the comm. "I had to. I had to find you. I had to find people who wouldn't mind being lied to." 

My hand found the switch next to my ear, and I pressed it and cut Sean Murray off. I liked him, I really did, and I wished he would be happy with what he had made. But he was talking too much, and distracting me from the task at hand. With the whole world floating hallucinogenic around me, I watched the mountain of Heridium slowly disappear beneath my beam, and took the first step forward to the rest of my life. 