If we had all the time in the world started a poem I memorized in that long ago, when time’s scarcity would make us run in that proverbial day we all share until eternal night takes us. Spending an eternity frozen at the exact moment of age by an incantation by some semi supernatural being seemed at first to be ludicrous, after all, nothing really changes for days, months, years, but eventually you find yourself burying all your loved ones before scared villagers cast you out. The question ‘what to do next’ only becomes real when you realize your basement is cracking from all the gold and silver you’ve stored in it from investing in the spice trade. Staying put only seems silly when steam engines unlock the world, let’s see this place I’m shackled to, so off you go for the next 3 centuries seeing it all, trying everything.

So. You’ve seen it all, you’ve tasted the local wildlife (two legged and four legged), you’ve got more money stashed away, and you estimate you have a million living direct relatives. Leonardo da Vinci taught you how to draw, Mozart helped with piano lessons, and Machiavelli and you were drinking buddies, but you yearn for more, more MORE!
Time to go up. After all, killing every human just seemed silly, we escaped so many disasters as a species thanks to our brains and opposable thumbs. The needs of the many outweighs the needs of the few, and those stars have been singing my name for centuries now.
Small steps for men, a giant leap for immortal men it is. Start making those rockets go up up up, and further and further out. Moon base, sure why not. I need a Hilton hotel at the L5 point to unwind after a long century on mars. 

Before going up and leaving this small blue dot, I traveled back to the place where it all began. The last time I was there little red riding hood was the village spinster, and those wolves an ever hungry menace. I took security with me but still insisted to walk the last hour. The woods has shrank down to a forest and a weird quiet came over our group as we approached the ruins. Time really wipes out everything that stands still I thought, and as I observed the clearing where my parents, grand parents, wives, and children lay buried it hit me
IT’S GOOD TO BE IMMORTAL

Time to go, the universe is waiting 