After a delightful walk in the park, Doris and I return to my flat on level 2. She has grown into a lovely young woman and I sometimes wonder if she'd rather be doing something else, but she insists that she looks forward to this weekly pastime of ours. When we return we usually bake peanut butter cookies, a family favorite.

When we enter the flat I see several of my successors seated in the den, waiting for me. All around I see nervous contrition, some eyes down.

"Really? A goddamned intervention?!"

"Grampa--" Doris pleads.

"I told you I'm not doing it! I've told you my reasons. What more can possibly be said?" I march past them into the kitchen and open the pantry. Doris follows me.

Her brow is like a fingerprint. "Please just listen to them."

"I've done all the listening there is to do. Their arguments are all platitudes." I take out the flour and sugar and put them on the counter.

Gently, she says, "But have you really thought about your own arguments?"

"I know *I* have. It's you I wonder about. And I mean *my* arguments. Have you thought about my arguments?"

Doris is silent.

"I'm really disappointed, Doris. I thought you of all people at least listened to me, applied a little analytical thought to the matter. I guess all the times you nodded in agreement you were just patronizing me."

"I *was* listening, but I didn't voice my disagreement because I wasn't sure how. I knew I'd need to give an airtight case or I'd never reach you."

Now I'm silent.

"Please, come into the den. Sit with us."

"Why do they all need to be here if you're the only one with an appeal to reason?"

She says, "You're right. They insisted."

I walk into the den and demand, "What, did you think you'd browbeat me into submission? You think I give a shit what you think?"

With veiled tension, Aaron says, "Grampa, we're here to show our support. We know how hard this is for you."

"So now you're supportive. After years of haranguing you're suddenly supportive."

Then it dawns on me.

I walk to the front door. Everyone starts and Aaron stands up. "Where are you going?"

"Anywhere but here," I grumble, and open the door to leave. It's been known to happen, but these sheeple would never try anything in broad daylight.

Joyce, that bitter shrew, always shrill: "You can't leave."

I hustle through the commons to the tubeway. Doris catches up. She's crying. "Grampy *please*."

Fire is in my blood. "You! How dare you!"

"I know. I knew it was wrong. I came too because I-- I thought I could smooth things over."

She didn't know. I soften. "Darling, that wasn't what you thought it was."

Perplexed, she asks, "Well what was it?"

"They... weren't there to talk." I let it sink in.

And horror overtakes her. "They wouldn't!"

We aren't standing on the summons so the tube breezes past. "You've seen how frustrated some of them get. Furious, even. They're terrified of change. We've been post-scarcity for how long now? A hundred years? Any good reason they had for sticking with tradition died long ago.

"Well. We've been over this before, haven't we."

"But how long can we sustain this quality of life if our population keeps growing?"

"So maybe our population shouldn't grow. Whose life is more important, mine, or someone imagined but never conceived?"

"What if I said new life is more important than old?" A bold statement coming from Doris.

"Do you mean babies, or the tradition of making babies? I'd sooner die than kill a child, but I sure as hell won't die to make way for a new one." To myself: *And to hell with anyone who tells me I should.*

"That's easy for you to say. You got to have kids."

"Right. Well I would have passed on that option if I'd known my own family would someday want me dead."

Now she's truly indignant. "That's not fair. You make it sound like hatred."

"You're right. But my point stands. It still feels like betrayal. And I contend that my right to life trumps everyone else's right -- if you can call it that -- to get me out of the way. Ethically it's a no-brainer. If someone says they want to live, you respect that and let it go, especially when they're fully aware of all the tired, baseless cliches people use. 'The old needs to make way for the new.' 'We can't sustain population growth forever.' 'Childbirth affirms our humanity.' We're *post*-human, or we can be if we let go of the past. We're finally within reach of it, and it's time we explore what that means. Joyce and the others, it's their *humanity* that holds them back."

I step onto the summons, hand outstretched.
