"But who might you be?" A stranger in the darkness whispers softly, that's a good question, but where am I is even better. A strange sensation is of feeling nothing at all, standing on ground but yet weightless, a misty view of what was in front, but no distinct light source, perhaps a dream I wonder to myself. I don't remember anyth-. 

A sudden pause shivered down my spine, images flashed through my head, smoke, fire, screaming, and death. I remember who I am, and I remember how I died. The commander, he said to ready the charge, so I did, my company beside me, the whistle blew, and I ran. I ran and ran until I thought I couldn't run any more, and then it happen. I looked up, found myself on the wrong side of a long barrel of a 50 caliber and the last thing I heard, was the voice of my son, duck he said. My mind fell into sorrow, the loud pop of the last thing I ever heard hitting my head repeating like a record player that just can't move on.

But then he spoke again "Who are you". The stranger floats closers, peering at me with his toxic green eyes, glowing in the darkness and it almost seemed like there was nothing behind it. 

"Choisnet, sir. Pierre Choisnet" I answered him truthfully, although I do not know entirely why. In the back of my mind I was still hoping it was a dream, this, the war, all of it, but as the eerie silence settled in I felt more and more lost. He sat with the silence for a bit, never blinking. Seeing as how I'm already dead, I grew the balls and asked him "And who might you be?"

He still sits in the silence, never answering. For what seems like hours, he sat there just the same. Time felt different here, Like hours and minutes can be the same amount of length sometimes, or as if they didn't exist at all. Finally though, I see a mouth just as toxic and vibrant open. Slowly he says "Sloth. And hello, I did not recognize you, Welcome back!"

Confused, I took a step back, and another, but I never gained any distance from the floating face, with nothing behind. My mind, more memories, rushing in, but it feels so good. "This sensation" I scream out at the top of my lungs, echoing in the eternity of no where. "I feel the power, I feel the energy, I FEEL THE LUST!" Bursting out, I can now see this world for what it is, and then I saw you.




New to writing so be easy!