Luis let out a long sigh as he tapped his fingers on the kitchen table. He shouted something from across the house—there was a pause, and then a soft, soothing voice: “where’s dinner, honey?” 


 “Coming right up!” I declared, opening the oven door as a wave of heat and rosemary enveloped me. With my oven gloved hands I removed the large pan from the oven. I removed a large knife from its drawer and began carving the chicken into smaller pieces. 


Another yell assaulted me from the other room followed by “do you need some help?” 


“No, I’m fine,” I responded before grabbing two plates and bringing them into the dining room. I delicately placed them on the placemats before heading back to the kitchen to grab our dinner.


It had been 8 years since I found out about the Cotton Candy upgrade to our translators. It started off as one of those features that’s automatically enabled on your device—one that made everyone sound nicer to each other. Around that time the update came out I was on my annual summer trip and met Luis, a handsome business executive. He was kind to me and we had so much in common—hiking and cooking and dancing. Without the translator, I would never have met the love of my life. 


Shortly after we were married, something changed. I could tell by the way he said things to me—he spoke more shortly, spoke louder. But the translator spoke to me in that same soft, loving tone it always had. I honestly thought I was imagining things—how is it possible that his face could be saying one thing but his words were completely different? I thought back to the Cotton Candy update and figured it must be adjusting the tone and content of his words.


Nonetheless, I stayed. I learned Spanish over the years in the hopes that I could translate what Luis was *really* saying to me. Unfortunately with the translator, It was difficult to actually hear Luis’ words—it was more a jumble followed by the words translated in English. Looking back, I think this was an excuse. Really, I was too afraid to find out the truth about what Luis was saying to me. 


While my love for Luis faded, my love for the translator did not. I stayed not for Luis but for that voice that always knew how to calm me down, knew exactly what to say to make me stay. 


After I gave Luis his dinner, his first bite was a piece of burnt chicken. Everything was a blur—plate smashed, chicken flying, fingers curled, hot white pain, blurry vision, burning tears. 


I ran from that house, jumped on the bus and headed for the nearest Translator Store. 


Holding the side of my face, I walked up to one of the employees. “I need my translator removed.” 


It took nearly 10 minutes to remove the circuitry from my ear. The employee only said one thing to me: “Once the translator is removed, you will no longer be able to understand anyone speaking another language and you cannot reinstall another translator. Are you sure you want to proceed?” 


“Yes.” 


After the translator was removed the employee spoke to me again asking if there was anything else he could do for me. It took me a minute to realize that he was speaking to me in Spanish. In all these years married to Luis I must have picked up enough Spanish to translate on my own. I told the employee I was fine and left. 


I should have gone to the airport, flown home and reunited with the parents that hadn’t seen me since the wedding. Instead, I found myself standing in front of the home Luis and I shared, fumbling to find my key and hand shaking as I inserted it into the lock. I slowly turned the doorknob and stepped inside. 


Luis screamed at me for leaving, told me I was worthless and that he knew I had no place else to go. Somehow I understood what he was saying to me—but the translation in my head was the Cotton Candy voice saying that he was worried about me and loved me and never wanted me to leave him. 


I told him that I loved him and just wanted to do right by him. He responded by hitting me across the face.


As I lay on the floor feeling Luis' foot breaking my ribs, and that voice telling me how much he cared about me, I wondered if the Cotton Candy feature was ever on in the first place. 
 