"Nice try Minnetto, but i figured out your little game. Release the hostages and this doesn't have to get ugly." In other circumstances, you might have welcomed the arrival of the beautiful hero in front of you, but this time you had no chance. The room only had one exit (Why the hell did i do that?!) and she was standing in front of it. On top of that, your hostages were especially feisty this time, keeping you busy for long enough that she got here before you escaped. Nevertheless you put on a confident smirk.

"What, no small talk first? 'How have you been Minnitto? Wow Minnitto, you're looking good today. Is that a new hair cut Minnitto?' It is by the way." You tell her, not that she'll care. She was usually very professional. Just one of the things you liked about her.

"HELP US MISMATCH!" "YOU CAN DO IT" "KICK HER BUTT MISMATCH!" The crowd of hostages cheer. Jeez, why didn't you gag them? You're really not on your game today.

Mismatch rolls her gorgeous blue eyes. "Ah yes, because i know how much you love to talk, Minnitto. Your boyfriend must be deaf by now." Raising her hand, she prepares to fire her palm blast, but you stand in front of the hostages.

"What's wrong baby, just shoot already. I'm sure you'll hit me alone with that shockwave." You smile evily as she glares, lowering her hand. "That's it. My boys'll be here soon with my escape, so until then i think i'll stay right here with my new friends." you say, gesturing to the crowd. "Also, i doubt you have any right to mock who i date. Let me guess: Your childhood sweetheart who you probably shunned to "Protect" them?"

"Psh, how cliche." Mismatch laughs. "Who do i look like, Spider-man?"

"Eh, a cliche romance for a cliche hero. Bullied in school, average job at the daily news, no parents to speak of. Suddenly, a jewel from space collides with you, giving you amazing powers. Sure, that's not predictable." She frowns, and you resist the urge to smile. She certainly looked cute when she was pouting. 

"How do you know all that?" She demands to know. You're a bit confused. Last time you fought her you ripped off her mask.

"Uh, did you forget i know your identity?"

"No no, i know that, but that would tell you where i work at best. the rest of that stuff you couldn't have known."

"Uh, Misdirection? We still need some help here-" A hostage, one of the more prominent politicians, tells her.

"Hold on a second." She idly dismisses him. "You couldn't know all that unless you'd been following me, and very closely at that. Why're you so interested in me?"

Your eyes widen slightly, but you mostly maintain your composure. "What do you mean? You're my rival. Why wouldn't i want to know a lot about you?"

"No, Rockracer is my rival. You just started to pop up. In fact, i'm pretty sure you used to fight Expandros before me and him teamed up to fight you."

"Nonono i just got bored of him-"

"He was your absolute opposite in powers. Lots of potential there."

"But i wanted some variety-" you wipe away a bead of sweat on your forehead. Where did that come from?

"Plenty of other superheroes in the same city as him. you had to move to get here."

"Yeah well I... ah... well..." Why couldn't you think of a reason? You were usually great at thinking up lies! Just because she's learning the truth, that doesn't mean you have to give in! Your face flushes despite this, and she clearly takes notice.

"Aw, you're cute when your flustered." She mocks you with a triumphant smirk. "So you've got a crush on me, huh? Funny, i thought you liked Katastry, seeing as you team up with her so much." What, what? "What, you couldn't resist my-" She runs her hands over her sides with a grin. "-Personality? I suppose I can't blame you for that-"

"I've never teamed up against you with Kat." Her face drops for a second, before regaining her composure.

"yeah, but i saw it on the news. You two make a cute couple."

"And which heist would that be that you saw? Keep in mind that all of them took place in various secret government labs. Turns out she's got something of a knack for finding them, being an ex CIA herself apparently." You can almost feel the tables turn as she's now the nervous one, stumbling to her own defense."

"I got special clearance-"

"How'd they contact you? Last i checked you were still "That masked menace who think's she's above the law" to them."

"As a journalist-"

"Not a chance."

"-Snuck in-"

"seems uncharacteristic. What whim sent you there, huh?" She grits her teeth.

"I was tracking you-"

"Then why not stop me?"

"Because... Because... Augh!" She throws her hands up in the air. "Fine, you got me... I'm-"

"Katastry." You take a step closer. "You really think i didn't catch on? Like you said, I've been following you." another step closer. "Now, if you're Kay, why would you be so insistent on me having a crush on her?" She blushes. "Could it be that-"

"I returned all those things we stole." She interrupts defiantly. Even when she was cornered she refused to stop fighting. "I couldn't let that laser fall into the wrong hands."

"Didn't want it anyways. Building a moon laser never really interested me." Closer... "Besides, you're the one who stole it. I just held off the guards. If you didn't want it, then who were you trying to impress by taking it?"

"I wasn't trying to impress you- i mean anyone! I did it because..." Closer still. Right in front of her in fact.

"Because..." You lean in, your arms around her.

"Because I-"

"HEY BOSS, THE CHOPPER'S HERE!" A booming voice sends the two of you apart like you'd been thrown, and a roof hatch swings open to the outside world. You knew you'd forgotten about that! Also, whoever interrupted you is so getting fired, even if they were trying to stop you from getting caught by the cops, who's sirens you could hear through the hatch.

"god dammit!" You curse loudly. "-I mean MWAHAHA! I GUESS I'LL BE GOING NOW! SO LONG MISDIRECTION! WE'LL MEET AGAIN! (10:00 tonight, museum rooftop)." You say loudly, mouthing the last past to her with your back to the crowd and your henchmen.

She catches on quick. "UH- YOU'LL NEVER GET AWAY WITH THIS MINNITTO. I SWEAR I'LL DEFEAT YOU AND UNDO WHATEVER MIND CONTROL YOU PUT THE HOSTAGES UNDER FOR THE PAST 5-10 MINUTES DEPENDING ON HOW LONG I'VE BEEN HERE! (I'll be there.)"

You run for the open roof hatch and leap through it, landing in front of the helicopter. Entering it, your second in command gives you an odd look. "Uh boss, the boys are saying that you were-"

"Enough! let's just get out of here. I've got something planned for tonight, and it could put me closer to that ridiculous foe of mine than I've ever been before. But first, who dared to interrupt my evil monologue?..."