"Guys, open up. Come on. I'm harmless."

"That's what a hooker told me in Kansas City and I ended up here! Nope. Not opening this door. Go away!"

"That's my problem. I CAN'T go away. You guys have to send me away. You brought me here. You have to send me back."

Silence settled into the bathroom hallway to the point that I could hear the workings of Hell going on outside. It sounded like uncomfortable insertions and even more uncomfortable removals were the house specials that night.

"We talked it over. Nope. No way in Hell we are opening this bathroom door. So just head back down the hallway, hang a left and keep going till you run into Gonthor the Doorman. He'll get you a cab."

"What good is a cab going to do me? Besides keeping my soles from melting, I can't see much use for one. What am I gonna do with a cab?"

A different voice called out from behind the door. "You'd be surprised what this place gets up to on a good night. Very surprised. Oh sure, there's the damnation thing, and the eternal suffering thing but, you know, after a few centuries of having your head chopped off nightly, you kind of look forward to it. You'd miss it if it stopped. And, really, you have to admire the talent. They are very good at what they do here."

I just stood and let my forehead slip to the door, my hands resting on that door. I had an inspiration. I pounded down the hallway and back to the room the demons had fled.

"Hello? Are you gone now? Is he gone?"

The first voice spoke up. "He must have given up and ran away. Or maybe your little story piqued his wanderlust."

I returned to the door with the Ouija board. "No, I'm back. Here. I'm gonna slide the board under the door. You guys can send me back from in there. I'll stay out here."

I slid the board through. About halfway through, there was a quick pull on the board from the other side of the door. I took that yank as a good sign that maybe the three demons wanted me out of there as quick as possible. 

"Well?", asked the first voice.

"Well, what?"

"The doinker. You forgot the doinker."

"Doinker?" 

"The thing everyone puts their hands on and moves around. You know, the doinker."

"Oh, crap. Hold on. I'll be right back." I retrieved the piece and tried to push it under the door. It clacked against the bottom of the door. The doinker wasn't going to fit underneath the door.

"Well? What's the problem out there?"

"It won't go under the door. Look, just open the door and I'll hand it to you."

The first and third voices spoke in unison. "Nope, no way. Sorry." 

"Jesus Christ! Can't you..."

"I wouldn't say that name if I were you. Not around here. We're already in enough trouble here and we don't need anymore headaches due to your potty mouth." That came from the second voice. 

"I'm sorry. Look, I'll leave the thing on the floor outside and go back in the other room. Then you guys open the door quick and grab it then shut the door quick. Please, you guys want me out of here. I want out of here. Here. I'm putting it down. I'll be in the other room. And since I won't see you before I leave, thanks for sending me back. Thanks. Good-bye now. I'm leaving. The doinker's right there."

I sat down in the other room and waited for the black and red decor to change back to my knotty pine basement. It took a while but I heard the demons' bathroom door open slightly. Then it sounded like the door opened wider. A moment later, a head popped around the corner. 

"Listen, it was nice having you here." It was the second voice, the talkative one. His red face looked different--freshly washed with just brushed and flossed sparkling teeth. "I'm not telling you you should make a goal of coming back here. Because, it is Hell, you know. But if you should slip up and--oh I don't know, dabble in hookers like Harry or murder a few million of your fellow citizens like Donald the Despot did--and you end up here, look me up. Who knows? The name is Jasper. Jasper William..."

I opened my mouth to thank Jasper for everything he'd done to try and get me home when my television and the knotty pine paneling behind it came back into view. 

"No more politics and no more hookers for me," I muttered. 

"What was that, dear?"

"Oh, I said no more politics and no more hookers on my TV."

"Well, try the Gardening Channel. That's always interesting."

I handed the remote to my wife. "Here, you find it. I'm going to go turn on the air conditioning."



