“You really should have given that girl your number, you know? She was really cute, just my type!” 

Franklin sighed. Three months. For three long and tiring months, his skeleton would not shut up. That was all it could do really. He was still physically in controle. The spell backfired, with the only result being another soul in his body. His skeleton. It was just weird to even think about. The soul hadn’t even belonged to someone ancient or famous, it just belonged to Tom Clement, an aspiring Manager at Walgreens. Why did he think he could be some kind of Necromancer?

His fascination with the undead had gone back to childhood, watching old zombie movies with his dad, and always playing a Necromancer in D&D. But then he had found that book on the train... It started out as a joke to him when he first read it, but the details had been so meticulous, there was no way it could be fake, right? 

He had gathered all of the ingredients for the spell, some Gladiolus, ashes from a burnt chicken bone, water from a river on a new moon, and oddly enough, cumin. Then there was the body. The spell hadn’t gone into specifics on what kind of body you needed, just that it needed to be dead. The spell would then select a soul from the aether to posses the skeleton and it would follow your commands. Franklin couldn’t kill anyone, and he definitely wasn’t going to dig up a grave, so he went with the next best thing. Roadkill. 

Franklin was careful in choosing a body that wasn’t too rotten, or flat. In the end, he had found a cat whose only real injury seemed to be a missing leg. It had to have died that day as it was only a little bloated, and maggots had not yet found purchase in it’s slowly rotting flesh. He was careful in getting it to his apartment, so his neighbors didn’t think he was some kind of murdering psycho, and so nobody would interrupt the spell. 

Franklin had set up the spell just so, the dead cat was placed inside of a perfectly drawn circle, with the cumin and chicken bone ash rubbed into it’s fur. He lit the gladiolus on fire in a small bowl off to the side of the room, and then sprinkled the water on the corpse. He nervously ran his hands through his hair, this was crazy right? There was no way this would work. But his curiosity pushed him. 

The last thing Franklin remembered before he passed out, was that he looked into the mirror his mom had gotten him for his living room, and seeing that he had cumin and chicken bone ash in his blond hair, with a wet spot on his T-shirt.

Edit: This was my first writing prompt, and frankly my first time writing for anyone to read, any and all tips are needed and appreciated, thank you!