I'm going about my daily routine while talking to my imaginary friend Max. Before you over react I know It's strange for an adult to still have imaginary friends but after going to several doctors they tell me I'm not insane nor do I have anything wrong physically and sense after observations of my behavior he doesn't seem dangerous.

Any way I was just washing my cloths in the main floor laundry room while talking to Max about something or other even though I'm aware he knows everything I do when Sarah walks in holding her own basket of cloths.

With a cheerful smile she says "oh hi Kairon. is Max still around?"

Smiling shyly never sure how to respond when people talk about my imaginary friend I reply "yeah he's still writing today you just walked through him actually"

While putting her cloths in the washer she continues "Doesn't that get unsettling? don't you ever want to have your alone time?"

Looking over at Max I just shrug my shoulders "I guess I do get frustrated at times and after having a tantrum a few years ago he seems to leave me alone when I'm in the shower. Other than that I feel comfortable knowing someone's always there to hang out with me"

She looks in the same general direction I am "But wouldn't you rather hang out with a physical person instead?" she swooshes her hand through Max which momentarily stops his writing.

Max looks at me quizzically "It would be nice to have a long term friend or just someone to be with but other than my family, Max, and now you most others seem to be put off from my strange behavior. It's not like I blame him for it or anything because I suspect that even without an imaginary friend I would still be an introvert."  

Sarah gives me a hug from my side which startles me but I manage to hold my composure "What's this for?"

"I just wanted to show you what it could be like having a physical friend and well..." she drops her arms to her sides and takes a few nervous breaths trying to clam herself "I've had a crush on you for weeks and I want to be your girlfriend if it's okay with you, even if I have to share you with Max"

He suddenly stops writing all together which I've only seen him do a hand full of times through out the years. "I, I don't know what to say." I look in her eyes as my heart races only to be matched with the thoughts running through my head.

Her body language seems to be nervous but as she looks at me I can tell how she feels. "I never had an offline girlfriend before. Maybe we can start going out on a few dates and see where things lead from there?"

Her face lights up and she gives me a big hug this time I'm able to return the favor knowing the hug is genuine. She wipers softly "I'm so glad you said yes."

Max clears his throat which startles both of us "Thanks Kairon, Sarah. My research is now complete" he than walks through the closed door.

Me and Sarah look at each other both confused than I realize my friend just left me. I run after him followed by Sarah "hey Max, Max!" 

He stops walking part way down the hall. "Listen I'm not suppose to interact with my Person of Interest. I'm not even sure how you were able to see me to begin with"

"Can you at least tell me what your research was about before leaving?"

He looks at both me and Sara "I suppose sense it'll help the future of my people and shouldn't do any harm. Socially 85% of my people have become introverts. For now it's not a problem but we've noticed dating and marriage rates have drooped due to people just not being interested And with such a huge drop our population has already seen a decrease in births."

Sara responds "If your population is anything like ours wouldn't that be a good thing?"

"Sadly our population is only in the hundreds of millions due to reasons I can't get into. But after finding my 45th subject and recording your interactions with Kairon which actually changed his future I'm able to send this data to the lab in hopes of increasing our dating rates. Even a 20% jump will be enough"

"I'm glad I could be of help. I just hope I can get by without my best friend.'"

"Don't worry, as I said because of your interactions with Sara your future has actually changed and I'm sure you'll both enjoy each others company" he turns away and begins walking off "I've said too much just enjoy your lives and everything should work out"

Edit: I just shifted the word sense so it sounded better.