“Alright, class dismiss. Everyone, remember...”  
“To study carefully for your power of choice.” The whole class said with a bored voice. No one could blame them, it’s the one line we’d been hearing non-stop since our first day at school. And twelve years later, as we each took our first step into adulthood, we were still reminded by those very words. Of course, I was also sick of hearing them, but I didn’t mind, since I was going to study anyway. Relieved that the final day at school was upon us, I packed my bag and left. Not all was nice though, as i was immediately greeted by the ones I could never stand - the jocks. Joshua, the basketball team’s captain, came to me with a grin:  
“Why, if it isn’t Blake? Whatcha doing at this hour?”  
“Leave, what else.” I tried to brush them off as fast as I could.  
“Come on, don’t be like that. We’re playing the finals today, come watch.”  
“No thanks, I’m good. Never liked sports.”  
“You really need to chill on the books, dude.” Joshua shook his head after seeing the book I was holding. “All that cramming won’t help you in real life.”  
“Won’t help me in real life?” With a surprised expression, I exclaimed. “Don’t you know the power selection ceremony is tomorrow? What have we been reminded for our entire school life?”  
As I uttered those words, the basketball team stood silence. Their eyes filled with questions and doubts, their gaze towards me felt like that of someone encountering an alien for the first time. In the end, they all bursted out laughing:  
“You seriously believed that crap the teacher told us? Dude, that stuff is all made up so that we would study harder! No one actually studies on that day!”  
As the team laughed, I quickly found the chance to get away. Those idiots could never understand what a gruesome ceremony this actually was. Sure, you’d have your power, but it would almost always be in a twisted, fucked-up state that you couldn’t imagine it to be. It’s all in the books, people had tried various powers, and they had failed to achieve their wishes. Yet these guys never paid any attention in class, so they just ignored it altogether. With that in mind, I went home with a sour look.  
Night came as usual, and I started my final study session for the ceremony. It was at that moment that I heard my phone ring. Intrigued by the event - as no one usually calls me at night - I picked up the phone:  
“Hello?”  
“Yo, Blake? It’s me.” The person on the line said. “Sorry to bother you at this hour, but can you give me a brief explanation on heat and fire?”  
“Heat and fire? You still have that childhood dream of yours?” Realizing the voice of my best friend David, I asked. He had a weird dream of wanting to burn paper and wood whenever he pleases, so he had been aiming for fire manipulation since he was a kid. I never expected him to still keep that dream, though.  
“Heat and fire, eh? Alright, I’ll see what I can do...”  

The day after, all students assembled in the gym, each anxiously waiting for the day their superpower of their dream finally come true. As all eyes pointed towards a curtained section in the middle of the basketball court, the signal from the principal finally came, and the power selection ceremony began at last.  
“Katherine Ashton.” A female computerized voice echoed through the room.  
“Katherine?” David standing next to me wondered.  
“I think they order us by last name.” I guessed.  
“Weird.” He replied. “Must be real’ bad for you, huh? With you being Walker and all.”  
“Eh, I can manage.” I said with a content voice. “It’s pretty nice being the last one once in a while.”  
As soon as we finished our little chat, the first person came out. As the tradition of our school, after one’s power was gifted, they have to perform it live on the basketball court as a sign of their graduation. Katherine stood still for a while, and started holding her hand out. A small fire came out and immediately disappeared. Some were confused, others, including me and David, had an expected look.  
“Another one of those slackers, huh?”  
“They never learn.” I smirked. “She probably explained somewhere along the lines of ‘I just hold out my hand like this, and poof, a fire comes out’.”  
“Oh well, live and learn, am I right?” David jokingly said.  
“Sure.” I also smiled.  
The next few cases were of mixed results: some got what they wanted, some were disappointed, but none were truly special. It’s all the same thing: elemental manipulation, flight, enhanced physical conditions like super speed or super strength. We waited until our turn.  
“David Fiddlestones.” The voice said.  
“My turn. Wish me luck, buddy.” David nervously entered the room.  
“You know I have rotten luck.” I chuckled as I watched him entering.  
A while later, he came out with a questionable expression. He tried holding out his hands like Katherine did at first, but instead of a small flame puffing out, the part of the floor where his hand was pointing at immediately caught fire. As people were busy extinguishing the flames, he ran back next to me, complaining:  
“On second thought wishing for ‘atoms of solid objects in the direction my hand points to vibrate hard enough to create immense heat’ wasn’t such a good idea...”  
“You think?” I laughed.  
The rest were also around the same result. And finally, it was my turn:  
“Blake Walker.”  
As I entered the room, the voice asked me:  
“What power to do wish for?”  
“Teleportation.” I answered without a second thought.  
“How does it work?”  
“Alright, so first of all you know the strong nuclear force, right? It’s the force that holds atoms together. And I plan to use this for teleportation, like so: the trigger action is a finger gun. Calculate 500 meters from my fingertip, rounding to the closest land, trigger a strong nuclear force to separate every atom in my body one by one, then reassemble them in that distance, with their order in tact. However, it must cancel out any explosive force created by separating atoms, and the action cannot be cancelled, as I will lose my consciousness when I separate atoms in my brain.”  
“I’m afraid I cannot grant your request.” The voice answered.  
“Huh? Why not?”  
“This is superpower, not magic.” The voice surprisingly answered in a sarcastic tone. “You want to tamper with strong nuclear force? I can grant you that, but don’t expect to live within 500 meters of a nuclear explosion.”  
“But I didn’t study anything else! Now how am I supposed to do teleportation?”  
“You still can, but you can’t stop the residual force from forming an explosion, plus forming your body from atoms alone is an extremely complex process that could very well take hours just to figure out the necessary combination to your genetic codes or the electric impulse from your neurons to recreate memories. And why would you want to teleport using strong nuclear force manipulation anyway?”  
“I thought it was too hard to perform particle teleportation!”  
“Said the one that chose the strong nuclear force as the main source.”  
“Alright, fine, I get it. Just give me the strong nuclear force manipulation power. I’ll go nuke something then.”  
“How does it work?”  

_____  

“Well, mister Walker. Will you show us your power?” The principal asked, seeing that I was trying to leave immediately.  
“For the saftey of everyone here, I don’t think it’s safe to show my power.”