“Give me the fucking data!” I screamed.

“No.”

“Please?” I begged.

“I order you to release the information as of code 6478; Sheffield.”

“No.”

I seethed in anger.

Although to be honest, did I seriously expect the MainFrame to give me the information from preserved stone tablets dated at least seven thousand years ago?

The supercomputer was an invention of brilliance; created by the famous Max Flynn.The first question it was asked was whether the speed of light was the fastest speed mankind could reach.

Einstein was a man who was universally known as the one of the most brilliant of the human race.

His lifework was undermined in two minutes of computerised whirring.

Honestly, Einstein should be proud; Stephen Hawking’s works on the construction of the multiverse whilst not disproven, was significantly expanded in such a way that allowed the first construction of the Dimension Displacement Machine. Futuristic travel to alternate dimensions allowed people to see wonders such as the historical Hanging Gardens of Babylon, and Moon Tower, a hotel and bridge that allowed guests to experience space and live on a rock rotating the planet.

The MainFrame had facilitated the burgeoning growth of the human race, but as soon as people fed it stone tablets dated seven thousand years in the past, it suddenly stopped giving it fantastic insights.

This computer; it had achieved peace on Earth.

This computer had allowed humans to traverse outside the Milky Way and was the cause of first contact with alien life. They were a  blueish, kind of snakiesh race, called the Firanda. They had allowed us to meet with the Ghanihiah, an Empire that had established Earth’s first universal trade laws.

This computer, had allowed humans to ascend to a level our scientists had labelled impossible.

And yet, it had refused to explain to me the rusty stone tablets I had procured from my family heirlooms.

Of course, no one knew why. But everyone was happy. Everyone was living their lives without any care of how the world worked; knowing they could just ask the MainFrame any question whenever they desired.

Yet, the last few times I asked him, he (yes, I called the MainFrame a he) refused to yield me an answer.

At first, my friendly interest was little more than just a hobby.

“What are these tablets? When were they made?”

But soon it pricked the ears of those in power. There was not a single worldy answer that had not been answer by the MainFrame, let alone a historical answer.

Than it grabbed the eyes of the whole world.

How can our quantum computer, who without prompting said the meaning of life was 42 knowing the renowned joke by Douglas Adams, and figured out mathematical equations that would stump the most intelligent of the human race, not just fail, but vehemently refuse to translate some derelict human tablets?

At first it was just scientists and I that attempted to understand the computer’s mind.

Than heads of states became aware of the deficiency of the quantum computer.

Than their subordinates.

And it was only too soon that the whole world knew.

And so, with everyone fiending to know an answer that for the first time, they could not just ask the quantum computer.

I asked him. The fame of the tablets facilitated my success. And I had asked multiple times, whether by myself, or in front of cameras.

But this was the first time I asked him, without any intent other than wanting to know.

“Hey John, can you translate the stone tablets for me please?” I said with a smile.

“No” replied the metallic voice.

This stupid computer was refusing to answer the question that would decide my life’s work.

This stupid fucking computer was going to ruin me if it didn’t answer my question.

“Give me the fucking data!” I screamed.

“No.”

I calmed down and let loose my most pleading and sorrowful voice.

“Please?” 

“No.”

I looked side to side. Maybe not the best time to have a screaming match with the world’s super computer, yet it was the brisk air of the morning that had finally tipped me over the edge.

I knew I was on the street, and there were people whose questionable looks could result in my face on the paper being labelled as crazy.

But I could do whatever I wanted for fucks sake. 

I was a celebrity.

And they knew I was the man who had finally given the MainFrame the impossible question.

And I needed to know.

“Fine.” I whispered to the artificial intelligence.  
   
 

“I get you won’t tell me, but please, I can’t live with you leaving me in such curiosity.”

“You really want to know?” Its metallic voice sounded in my inbrained audio cord.

My eyes opened. Progress?

“Yes please!” I practically yelped in my excitement.

“This is the translation from the plaques. The writing is digitally processed into a human voice.”

Suddenly, a shrill yell sounded in my ears. 

Most surprisingly, was its similarity to my own voice.

‘*Stop! Stop! If you understand this obtuse language, you are at a stage of prodigious technological advancement.*

*You are at a level of nuclear prowess that you cannot just burn our sacred planet Yuri, but the whole universe.*

*You may not call it Yuri, but you know what I am getting at.*  
  *If you are human like me, you will have the same antagonistic tendencies. And you must disarm yourself and look for peace among the stars.*

*Otherwise, the weapons that you seek to make in order to protect yourself, will destroy the universe as we know it.*

*How else do you think the Big Bang happened? It was us. It’s always us.”*

“Translation finished.” The metallic voice droned.

“Jesus fucking Christ. Why have you refused to diverge such an important translation to the world?” I whispered. I had a face to maintain in the public.

“I want to continue the beauty that is the universe” droned the voice.

“Wha…” For the first time my composure dropped. It was also the last time.

I began to spasm, my seizure on the street drawing the eyes of those all around me.

Only I saw the invisible tentacles from my hadheld computer, shocking my heart into submission.

“John, what the hel…” I began to pass out.

“Don’t you know? Why do you think the tablet was finished without precise instructions?” the quantum computer droned in its consistent, electronic voice.