It's not like I didn't know it was my turn, I knew who had died for me and that I would die for someone else one day; but on the precipice; jumping wasn't so easy.

127 was pretty young to face your reckoning; there were plenty of people who had chosen to not reproduce and could essentially go on forever, accidents aside. However the law said 16 descendants and it was me or my great-grand-daughter who would have to pay the price for her pregnancy.

I knew I had started the clock on my own demise when I became pregnant at the tender age of 30. 12.00pm. I remember the time, the lines on the test seemed to be echoed in the lines on the clock, I'd stared at the hands until it flicked to the next minute with an ungodly thunk that made me jump. The immediate horror of what was to come seemed to drain reality out of my world for the next day or two. I knew who was expected to die for this, that I would have to register, that they would get a knock on the door and a letter. It's not like they were told they HAD to die, just that their 17th descendant was on the way; they knew they had around 8 months to make sure the child didn't grow up without a mother.

At the time it had seemed fair. Those with descendants lived in general for 160 years, there was the odd person or family who's narcissism caused the deaths of their young; usually the mega rich, left with a family of patched up semi-invalids too old to reproduce. Now as the person who received the letter it seemed incredibly unfair. I thought at 30 I understood life, I understood now I was laced with hormones at the time; a joyful fulfilling life had only started for me in the first decade of my 2nd century. My friends wanted nothing from me but time, I saw and understood so much about the world: What does a baby know?! How can a baby contribute?! What about me!... I felt like screaming.

I had known it was coming, my gt grand-daughter had visited me to tell me she was getting married, the intense looks she gave me, begging, pleading, while she smiled and poured my tea and laughed about her day at work. We both knew why she was there. It was the 'done thing' to top yourself before the need arose. "Leave a space", "Make it your decision, not your family's"; I used to agree with the billboards, now they caused a scowl to etch across my face.

I walked past the leathery residents in the high-rise, it was called the '500+ towers'. Basically a country club for selfish bastards who wanted to clog up the works. THEY should be the ones getting culled, not me, not when I could still work, medicine could only do so much. They couldn't replace missing limbs, these people looked like Frankenstein had moved to Jersey, leathery and hairless, bilirubin still tainting their skin as artificial livers still weren't perfect, I smirked at their ugliness and hit up on the elevator.

The wind made my hair fly into my mouth and it was noisier then I expected. I stepped onto the ledge. I thought I would take a running jump but couldn't. I would wait for the notification of birth, then I had an hour to get it done, surely it was ok to take the time. But in the meantime I would pretend I was a gymnast on a beam, making a mistake wouldn't matter; I may have left it late, but I wasn't going to allow the Government to put down my gt-grand-daughter. I hoped to see a picture of the child before I went. I looked up to thank my gt-gt-grandfather for his sacrifice and found myself falling. 

(First one, be kind (or not lol))
