
Nice to meet you Tim.

He extended his hand; I tried to get a firm grip but I might have over done it. He gave me a confused look.

 

“Dad, Tim is into EPL as well.” Grace tried to break the ice.

“Oh yeah? Which team do you follow?” He asked.

“Man City, sir. You?”

“Well, I root for anybody who is playing against Chelsea. But I am an Celtics fan of the Scottish league. My daughter thinks they are the same….and don’t call me a sir. Call me Mr. Ramsay.”

“Yes….Mr. Ramsay.”

 

“Oooh…smells something good.” Grace chimed in again, to break the long awkward silence.

“Yeah, I made us some Surf and Turf. Got the best steak from the local market and shrimps are to die for.”

“I am already excited.” He said.

 

Gordon was already in the table. Grace helped me lay out the plates. The anticipation was making me a little nervous. I don’t deal well with them; I start coughing excessively. Grace thought it was the smoke from the steak – little did she know I just thawed, microwaved and slightly pan fried it.

 

We all sat down. I kept starting at him till he took his first bite. Grace might have hinted something, but it wasn’t very clear from the periphery.

 

“Well. I guess you are waiting to know. Let’s just address the elephant in the room now.” He had read my mind…or was it my constant graze. Yes, I needed to know – this decides our future.

“Dad, you don’t have to if you don’t want to.” Grace inserted herself between me and my anticipation.

“No no…it’s good. It’s a good news. They cleared me of all the allegations. Our counsel proved that the accuser fabricated her lies. There was no sexual harassment case they said, not even an evidence of innuendo. I am all clear.”

 

“Oh dad!!! I am so happy for you. This means a lot to me. Have you called mom yet.”

“Yes, but she hasn’t returned my call. Guess she still is a little salty…like this steak.”

 

“To this great day,” I raised my toast. Gordon’s getting a clear sheet means our wedding will go on as planned. Our future was secured, even if he thinks my steak was a little salty .What can you expect from a chef who prepares frozen meat?

