My heart sank as years of research had revealed itself in the red smoke. I instantly recognized its silhouette through the cloud of smoke on the altar and I collapsed to my knees in anguish. The smoke dissipated and a shining lemon rested on the altar of bone, blood and candles. I looked at the spellbook and finally saw the letters clearly for what they were for the first time in a decade. The “D” in Demon was an “L”. Those blasted sacrilegious monks played a prank for all who wished to summon a demon. 

Tears streamed down my face as I realized my revenge was to never happen and I started pounding the ground with my fists, screeching and bubbling as I considered my countless failures, my efforts for years, my realizations through all of the spells I practiced, all for nothing. I pounded my fist so hard that blood started blooming through my glove. I clutched my first and curled into a ball, nursing my hand and wondering what I had to do next.

I heard the sound of something thudding on the floor and felt something hit my shoe. I looked at my foot and saw the lemon. I scoffed and picked it up, wondering if it had been transported from some grandma’s garden.  

Then it started to vibrate and hum with ominous energy.  My heart soared as I came to the realization that this was just the precursor to the real demon. It must just be a portal! I placed it gingerly back upon its altar and started chanting demonic prayers for the demonic lord of lemons to emerge. 

Hours passed and soon sunlight was beaming itself through the cloths I had put up in the windows of the basement. I didn’t lose heart and continued to pray for the lord to come. They say passed and soon the light that was there disappeared and it was night again. 

I collapsed from exhaustion and felt the cold stone against my cheek. I heard the thud again and the lemon gently nudged my cheek. I opened my eyes and saw a dark aura around the fruit. I smiled gingerly and faded into darkness. 

I dreamt of fire and brimstone. People screaming and scrambling through ruins of cities. Pipes were sprouting from the ground as an unseen force was pulling them from their place of being. From the fire, the lemon rolled forth with legions of demon lords closely following behind, dragging their weapons of war. Behind them were four lords upon horses and behind them was a black aura as great as the sky and swallowed everything. The ample lemon bounced and rolled over dead bodies and dismembered limbs, blood seemingly repelled by it. It came to my feet and I picked it up, thrusting it into the heavens as though it were a sacred gift. 

I awoke with a start and saw the lemon was still in front of me and I was still on the floor. Light shone through the cloths again. I picked myself up off the floor and looked down at the simple fruit. The lemon was to be the harbinger of death and destruction and I was it’s herald. I grinned and picked it up. It resonated with my energy and we both walked up the basement steps, towards the liberation of the world. The liberation from life toward death. 