Fucking, shit fuck.

I was yelling language that no 6 year old should even know, but it didn't matter. How the hell had he found me so quickly this time? Usually I was in my Thirties, *at least*, before he found me. We were usually on more even terms.

I leveled the gun at him. It was my parents little 0.38, still way too large for my tiny hands. I'd had army training a dozen times across a dozen lifetimes, so my hands were steady, if a little clumsy. Three more shots and one hit home. He staggered a little with a bullet in his gut, but it didn't stop him.

God dammit. Well, I knew God wouldn't stop him. Not after what I had done.

He kept walking towards me, so I turned and ran. He never ran. He only ever walked. Over the last thirty lifetimes he had chased me, I had never seen him hurry. He just... took his time. I guess an immortal can take their time.

I looked back and realised that, with a metre height advantage, his walk was keeping up with my run.

I ran behind a tree and caught my breath, holding the gun to my chest. Checking the clip, I had three more shots. I still didn't know why he chased me. I mean, I had done some bad things in my lives, no doubt, but I didn't know why *exactly*. He had killed me more than two dozen times, and had never said a word.

Okay, new tactic. Lets try talking.

"what do you want? Why are you chasing me?" I had tried speaking to him before but never gotten an answer.

I peeked from behind my tree, he was just strolling through the forest, taking care not to step on an ants nest.  

He stopped about twenty feet away. I could see his top was covered in blood from the gunshot. He looked at me shrewdly and slowly pulled out a knife.

"You have something I desire". His voice was calm, and clear, and a little higher pitch than I expected.

Stepping out from behind the tree I aimed the gun at his chest. I knew I couldn't kill him, but I knew it hurt him badly. "And what precisely is that?" I asked. "With every new life I lose everything but my memories".

He smiled and stepped forward. "I envy your ability to *die*. You keep succeeding where I only fail..." He was rubbing his thumb up and down the knife, drawing blood.

Crap. I shot him twice more. Left shoulder, left lung. He fell to his knees wheezing. Wait... was that... laughter? It bubbled out of him, he sounded like a drowning clown. 

And then he stood, and kept walking towards me. Slowly. Savoring it. 

I only had one more bullet. Double crap. There was no way I was going to get out of this, a six year old just can't outrun a determined immortal.

I had only one more choice. I looked him in the eye. "I Deny you my death" I said, pointing the gun at my face and pulling the trigger.

And once again, I was pulled back into the mandala of souls.

 
 