Delphine chirped, sending sound before her into the cave system. It rippled and thrummed in her ears with every surface that returned it to her. Usually she would not need to rely on echo location to navigate these winding passages, but the lights the humans behind her carried were blinding. She could not open her eyes.

"What's wrong? Don't you know where you're going?" the head human sneered. Robert.

"No," Delphine murmured. She placed a white hand upon the cave wall. There were no vibrations, which boded well for the humans. Less so for her.

"You've explored every damn cave in the world, and you expect me to believe that this one is an exception?" Robert spat on the wall. They were making so much noise, it was hard to navigate. Every word, every clank of metal, every footstep, every breath, every heartbeat echoed through her head. "What'd we buy you for anyway?"

She heard the jangle of chains before she felt the pressure around her neck and took a step back to avoid falling. Robert enjoyed tugging at the silver collar around her neck as though she was a dog. That was the part of this that bothered her the most, being treated as a mongrel. Her kind was so much better than that.

"This way," she said smoothly, ignoring Robert's huff of frustration when he didn't tug her over. The men shuffled along behind her, and Delphine chirped again. The passage got quite small. Some of the hulking men would have a hard time squeezing through. "We will need to crawl for this last part. The treasures you seek should be in the large cavern beyond."

"Crawl?" Robert growled. "All right. Jim, you take the front. The creature goes in the middle of all of us. I'm not taking chances down here. I'll go after it. Todd, bring up the rear."

Slowly, the group of men and Delphine wiggled their way through the  passage. It had flooded recently, so the mud made the going slow and miserable. Just before Delphine broke free, she felt an ever so slight vibration in the ground beneath her.

Delphine had just stumbled out of the hole when she hit a wall head on. She toppled back into the mud, to Robert's glee. But there shouldn't be a wall there? She chirped, and the sound flew far into the cavern before returning to her.

"Whoooo goessss there?" A low hiss came from the darkness. The cavern was so wide that the men's torches did not hit the other side. Around the walls were wooden boxes which were too large to ever fit through the hole they'd just come from. Delphine remembered how primitive the humans' hearing was and realized that she was probably the only one who hears the voice.

"A daughter," she breathed. "I bring you gifts."

"Giftsssssss....?"

"Did she say something? I thought she said something," Todd asked, the last to emerge from the tunnel.

"Naw, she just did that weird clicky thing," Jim scoffed. The ground trembled.

"Giftssssssss? Sssssso long sinccccce a daughter has brought me giftsssss. Come in," the voice boomed.

"What the *fuck* was that?" Robert screeched. 

Delphine smiled and stepped through the barrier, her pale arms open to show respect. The Father of Vampires was awake. And he was hungry.



