At long last, it was my time. I worked my way through the pearly gates down to Earth, and waved goodbye to Buddha and Jesus, who had always supported me on my path to be a true god. But now that enough people believed, and so many people were pledging themselves to my worship nowadays that I had finally earned my right to appear to them and touch them with my noodly appendage as they all wanted! But, as my first act, I decided to go visit my most faithful worshipper, the founder of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster.

When I appeared to him, he was in his kitchen, hard at work on some blessed pasta magnificence. So I showed myself in front of him, in all my writhing, noodly glory and touched him on the forehead and proclaimed "May all your pasta be perfectly cooked, and never clump together!" Then I waited to hear his response to his one true God appearing before him.

"Shit" he said.

"Pardon me?" I replied, uncertain as to what he meant. It wasn't exactly the warm welcome I was expecting. "I am your God, the Flying Spaghetti Monster, come to bless all my followers and prove my existence!"

"Oh God damnit. You're not supposed to exist" he mumbled, almost to himself. "You do realise that the point of the church is that you don't exist right?"

I had to take a moment to think about that. "But... I exist because you believe I do! Your church has spread my idea through enough human minds and I am invoked strongly enough that I have been manifested to guide humanity on a path to deliciousness!"

"No, I guess I get that but... The point of the church was to prove that just because people worship something, doesn't mean it exists or deserves special treatment... If some people actually believed in you, whatever, but you weren't SUPPOSED to exist! There's no point to the religion anymore!" 

And with this revelation, I felt myself deflate a little bit. As if a lasagne had been withdrawn from my noodly mass. "So... You don't believe in me?"

"Not anymore." He replied.

Again, it felt as if I'd had a beautiful baked penne platter sucked out of myself. "Then... If I don't exist, you'll continue to worship me, but if I do, everyone will stop and I'll stop existing?"

"I guess so" he admitted, dejectedly. "I don't know how this whole thing works, but maybe if you just stay hidden you can live and still be not-believed-in? It seems fine so far that I'm the only person who knows the truth"

And with that, I knew what I had to do. As I had promised when I arrived, I dropped one of my heavenly noodles into his pasta, enchanting it and every other pasta dish he will create in his life to be perfect, and returned to the heavens.

"So you get it now, don't you?" Jesus said, as he welcomed me back into the land of the collective consciousness. "If we prove ourselves, we aren't serving our purpose anymore and nobody would believe in us as Gods. Your case in particular, ouch, kind of ironic. But even the rest of us can only afford to appear to a few people at once otherwise it ruins the effect."
