"You'll see them easily enough. But in 2070, that'll-" He began and I interrupted him.

"I'm sorry, 2070?" I inquired without hesitation or care.

Visibly annoyed, he continued.

"In 2070, when-"

"I'll be long dead by then, pal." I interrupted again. He didn't seem to really understand. I'm just a guy suffering from a few debilitating genetic disorders and a tinge of some unknown mental illness (if my family tree is to be trusted). I just turned thirty-nine, how can he expect me to survive to 2070?

"I don't care. But in the future... you'll do it. Do you understand? Pass it on? Tell them what I told you? I have it right here if you can't remember it."

"Then you won't care if I die before I'm fifty, bud. I have everything awful under the sun, do you understand? I won't make it to seventy, much less 2070. I don't think you have the right guy," I said. I had enough.

"The future depends on it. That's why I'm asking you to deliver it. I'm merely playing my part and you better play along as well," he said almost menacingly. Like he was warning me.

"The future depends on a guy who'll die before hitting the send button? Must be a shitty future, then." 

I was fed up. This guy was either a time traveler or an immortal, both of which I wanted to be. But I wasn't an immortal and my body couldn't handle the effects of time travel all too well. So I was stuck here.

"We're talking the future. I can't tell you much. I can only tell you what you're supposed to pass on. But please, I ask you, please do it," he tiredly repeated his request.

"I'll pass on myself before I can pass on your message." With that, I got up from my seat, dropped a fifty, and motioned the bartender to keep the change.

"It's the future," he repeated as I walked away.

"And?" I indulged him.

"The world changes," he added.

"And it moves on, and so do we but differently," I continued the Traveler Creed that he initiated.

"That's all I can say," he said. Christ, this guy...

And then it dawned on me. How stupid it was, that a traveler decided to pick an almost deathly ill guy for a carrier pigeon role for a time that is way outside his estimated lifespan.

I paused and looked back.

"Can you write it down? Seems they don't have a cure for my memory lapses yet."