I was the bumbling fool without the fly shoes, the smooth silk dress, the only one with a faint hint of make up and far too much conditioner still lingering in my hair.  Walking down the high street, I felt a distinct sense of... equality.


Passing an unnamed eatery, the patrons could only look happy, smiles everywhere inside.  People were eating what looked like pastries, pasties and perchance pasta?  The troubling part of the tables inside were the matching of couples.  Always a female with her companion male across the table, sharing a meal together without a care in the world.


Asking for directions for the library, I continued walking.  Stumbling more like it, as the fatigue of the coma began to settle into my weary muscles.  Banking right, then left, backtracking a few blocks, I managed to find the archives that was the library.


Filled with youth, small toddlers and adolescents the absolute silence was deafening. 


*There had to be a mistake*.


Several hours later, my mind was about to crumble into a hot mess, worse than it already was.  The robot revolution wasn't one of violence. It was one like a rising tide, something so subtle you only saw that the water was getting higher.  Robots had taken over essential functions of government, branch by branch.  The only thing that humans did more than robots was make mistakes.  


People were happy, contented, satisfied with every part of their daily lives.  


So why wasn't I?


Returning to the hospital, the bells and whistles of whirring robots on treads, attached to the walls kept prodding me.  A screen appeared for my registration. Filling it in, I noticed something in the corner of my eye.  A small grey stain in the corner.  It was smudged, much like graphite lead would on a rough piece of paper.


Pushing the screen away, I crawled to the corner, touching the grey marks.  It tasted musty, like a dry secret that no one wanted to admit existed.  The corner tile also peeled away slightly.


Flipping it over revealed a disposal chute.  Squinting at it, I recognized the taste from the last moments of my life pre-coma.  The crematorium.


"Where am I?"


A small voice came from the ceiling.  "Do not resist."


The machines left the room.  From the other corner, a small blue flame lit itself.  The room became warmer. "This is for your own protection." The voice sang.