Lilith gently closed her eyes, her breathing slowing down as her small chest rose and fell with faltering breaths. She clung to her one-eyed cat fluffy toy, with her right arm as closely and as tightly as possible, now unaware that her grip was almost feather light as the very life slipped away from her with each passing moment.

A woman looked over at a man standing next to her, both behind a sheet of glass, both crying softly in each others' arms as they watched Lilith turn from their once blossoming five year old daughter, to a lifeless husk now a mockery of their love and family. Then, the final never-ending beep from the monitor signalled the moment Lilith was gone.

Lilith felt a breeze, a soft zephyr brush past her auburn hair. Then a wisp of wind, before a rush of air that blew past her, as she blazed a path through the cold tunnel toward a glowing, warm light. She smiled, she could feel the love, the welcoming of Paradise approach her. Within moments, she slowed down and stood up, seemingly on the edge of the tunnel. She looked up, awed at the sheer size of the tunnel. It was huge, like the big skyscraper buildings she saw when she went to the city that time with dad.

Gently hopping down from the tunnel, she walked towards the gate. She stopped short, as her gaze met the broken, fragmented remains of a once-majestic entrance. It lay now, with fire belching from the left pillar, the right pillar obliterated entirely and the golden fencing now in pieces, littered around her feet. 

Lilith took a deep breath and began to walk forward, her little red shoes avoiding stepping on any of the debris. It may be in ruins, but mum raised her well to be a lady.

As she made her way through the City, loneliness settled in as she quickly realised that she was alone. It lay a former ghost of itself; pillars of smoke reached into the sky, the distant sound of fire now having overtaken what was the sound of angelic voices singing, buildings half-standing, benches torn from the ground and a massive statue of Mother Theresa now lay on the ground, shattered.

Lilith turned a corner and bit her lip as she saw it. It stood out. It looked like it did not belong. A huge, perfect massive block of obsidian that reached far into the sky beyond anything her frail mind could comprehend.

A monolith.

She walked toward it, swallowing hard as she made out what looked like the remains of a throne. Parts of it were scattered around, as if blown apart by a massive force. She could tell, from the storybooks read to her by mum, the thrones that the kings and queens of fairy tales would sit on. The red upholstery. The fancy wooden arm rests. She recognised them, but she did not expect to see them in ruins.

There among it, lay the body of a man. Lilith walked up to the body, kneeling down next to it. Behind, the monolith stood silent. Sentient. Literally thousands of feet tall, Lilith in comparison smaller than an ant. She gently pressed her hand against that of the body's. It was cold. She felt something distant, something reminiscent of when dad used to hold her hand, but it was gone. There was no use now. She stood up, turning around to look at the monolith.

"Lilith."

She startled, staring at the monolith intently. There, at the base, a small child stepped out. She squinted, trying to make out the figure against the matt black of the huge structure.

"Lilith. Do not be afraid."

But Lilith was afraid. Very afraid. For she realised, she was looking at herself. Not a mirror, not a reflection, not an hallucination. A very, real, very literal twin of herself walking down the golden steps toward her.

"Lilith, you must come with me. You must understand, this is not how we intended for things to be. We had to cleanse this place. You must come with me and I will show you." It held out it's hand, wisps of black curling around it's childish fingertips like never ending smoke.

Lilith jerked her hand away instinctively, and started backing away.

"No." She said.

It simply lowered it's hand, before turning into a massive vapour of pure black. The mass swirled above Lilith as she could do nothing but stand there in shock and before she could even move, the black mass enveloped her. Everything went dark around her.

"SHE'S ALIVE!" The doctor screamed, as the heart-pulse monitor raced with a heightened urgency. She gasped for air, springing up on the bed and coughing wildly. Gaining her composure, her eyes slowly faded into focus. She looked all around her, at all the faces staring at her intently.

"Lilith, darling..." A man said, stepping toward her. "You've been gone... we thought we had lost you. Thank the Lord, we didn't lose you, did we?"

Lilith's expression faded. She remain stoic, staring at the man.

"No." She said, holding out her hand, as black wisps of darkness swirled around her fingers.

The man took her hand without realising, and as he did, in the distance, a rumble of thunder shook the skies as the sun became blotted out by a massive, pure-black obsidian shape.

- End

