I felt nervous and sweaty as I awaited to be called to the stage.  The university was bursting at the seams with media, all there to witness my graduation. Perhaps not so uncommon to have global celebrities at Stanford but as the “smartest man alive,” everyone wanted to know what was next. As did I. 

Of course, smartest man alive isn’t quite right. Most media had taken to calling me the smartest man ever. But, that wasn’t right either.  My best guess is that my IQ is around 130 but no one including me would ever really know. Then again, my life had never been quite right until my ninth birthday. 

I owed everything to my cousin Thomas. I still don’t know how he knew. Perhaps he was the one who gave me this curse... and gift. You see it was on my ninth birthday that he gave me the book that would change my life.  

Until that day I had been to every kind of charlatan, physician, and psychologist you can imagine. “Deaf, mute and dumb” they used to say. I was just self conscious. No one around me ever made any sense. I couldn’t understand when they read. I couldn’t understand when I read. They couldn’t understand my speech. But, somehow, Thomas knew. 

Well that seems like more than seven years ago now. But, here I am graduating from Stanford in the most unlikely of majors. Well, unlikely only if you didn’t know my curse and my gift. 

The curse and gift that by the age of sixteen had enabled me to win three Noble Prizes and a Fields Medal. I wasn’t sure I deserved it. 

I clutched that book. The book Thomas had given me all those years ago. Tighter. I was so nervous. Graduating from Stanford was literally the hardest thing I had done. They announced my department, Classics was up. Everyone started to cheer prematurely. They knew that I would be allowed to speak. 

My name was called. 

I walked to the stage still nervous. 

I contemplated backing out. I was already here though. 

I received my diploma to thunderous applause. 

As I began, “Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for coming today.  As we celebrate our commencement I am reminded of the twelve labors of Hercules.”  I clutched the book harder in hand. 

I continued, “I can recall a time when I couldn’t read the twelve labors of Hercules in the original Greek. As I stand here now, I contemplate all that the Greeks have have given and continue to give to us.  Having studied their great works and considered our achievements through the lense of the Greek language I can honestly say that it is ‘All Greek to me.’”

You see, all language is literally Greek to me. But, for nine years I couldn’t understand anyone until I read that book. Then I started studying Greek night and day. It was hard but the more I learned Greek the more I could understand. Modern language was often overwrought with complexity but in Greek it was understandable. 