Years... No, it took *decades* of real preparation. They say that to honor your god is to make the ultimate thing. Once you manage to do that *thing*, they will bless you. There were many gods. Many.

But none of them mattered to John. For John, there was only one true god. And just thinking of rewards made him giggle, and try even harder.

They all told him it's impossible; that it was stupid and insane. Even his wife finally abandoned him.

But that was okay. After all, he didn't. He stayed with him.

At first, he took out his phone to record it. But there came the point when he lived his life with GoPro basically clued to his forehead. He needed the proof. 

Justin Case - that's the man who collected the proof to finally respond with blessing. He was the one who held the original book. And until he gets that proof, he will try hard.

*And that day came.*

"Come here, Palmerranian!" John said, looking at his dog, Pomeranian "We are gonna do more than that Pea did. More than the true god's dog. You know what, Palmerranian? What's god backward? Dog! Exactly. Nobody else can see! But together, we will do it!"

He took out the glass and filled it with water. The dog stayed still, watching him, ready. His tale was as excitedly swirling as ever. But for once he really looked ready.

John put the glass water on Palmerranian's head, making him take fifteen steps backward and then forward. And he did it.

*For once, he did it.*

Tears began to gather. He fell on his knees, just to hear the glass shatter and the dog running towards his master.

"I did it," he muttered. "I will get the blessings of our god!"

But the dog groaned and stopped, falling down.

"Palm?" John muttered, looking at the dog, running to him. He was bleeding. The dropped glass's shard had cut him.

Immediately he grabbed the dog, rushing towards the room's exit.

"Anything but my dog!" John shouted, screamed. But he could feel it. The dog was licking his face, barking a few times.

He stopped and put him down, just to see the dog sitting and looking at him, waiting for that glass of water on his head. The usual pose, ready to please the master.

"You... You did this just because you want to make me happy? Even when you bleed?" John muttered, falling on his knees the second time and ripping off his GoPro, looking at it, wanting to throw it away. But he couldn't.

"At least we are getting a lot of views on youtube," John said, kissing the dog.

(/r/Elven <- I write psychological fiction. Cheers <3! Love your doggos! Like I love Palmerranian!)