"Jakob stop trying to bite Lisa and Lisa stop bothering Jakob, you two know well enough how to behave."  

The situation developing right in front of me had something in common with a circus show. Someone without knowledge of the nature of this place, would see a hairy wolf like creature trying to poke a bat with a stick.

I have been running this place for 2 years now. If you told me this three years ago I would scoff at the thought.

Somehow humanity evolved, well not really evolve, more like some repressed genes resurfaced. The legends of monsters, vampires, werewolves and even zombies turned out to be based upon reality. The traits returned and usually surfaced around the age of 8. Children grew hair at full moon, grew fangs or their heart just stopped, even though they didn't.

It was quite the epidemic back then. People were scared of their children, the church called it a sign of God, a punishment and pretty soon it became a taboo.

People with affected children were seen as lesser and high society looked down upon those who were afflicted, parent and child alike.

Eleven years ago my son was born, he was so perfect. My parents were proud, they had a grandson. 

Their pride came from the wrong place though. It had to do with the continuation of their bloodline. Growing up in such a place, made me proud. I was better than most, I was blue blooded.

But I wasn't enough for them, a woman could never be as important as a son to them, since women were seen as lesser. The reason for this is that women were most likely to show the repressed symptoms. One in three females showed signs. Only one in fifty males.

So a grandson was perfect, he could never be affected and I was proud. I had good genes, _their_ genes. 

Life was good, my husband was proud as well. When my son's eight birthday came around, we were nervous. Everyone was, but nothing happened. No signs at all. We were overjoyed, our family's bloodlines would continue pure.

My sons ninth birthday came around and that morning I heard a scream. He was crying in his room and I asked him what was wrong. He looked at me tears streaming down his face and then pointed to the mirror. I looked and didn't see anything wrong.

I mean, it was just a mirror, I turned to my son who stood crying besides me and he pointed again and then it clicked. I could only see me, I couldn't see him. I panicked. My perfect life ruined because of him. No not him, he can't help it. He was born like that. 

I heard a cough and turned around. My husband looked confused and then looked at my son, our son. Then started sobbing. 

Breaking the news to my parents was hard. My father screamed at me, I was afraid he would pop a vein. I took the most of it. My mother said nothing the entire time, until my dad stopped.

She looked at me and just said: "Well just kill this thing and make an actual child."

I walked out without a word.  I was shamed, humiliated, humbled. This thing was my son, my child and he is perfect. Screw my family's bloodline.

My husband and I discussed our future and how to deal with this. We realised that we were not the only parents to go through this, but we also realised that some children do go through this alone. So we opened our house to them. 

We had money, old money. Enough of it. 

So two years later here we are. We currently have 7 children in our care. And could give them the help they needed and the schooling they want.

These childrens might not be perfect, they might look like the monsters of old, but the true monsters are those that abandon these children. 

"Miss Sky? My arm fell off again."

I looked down and there was little Suzy, holding her arm. She was an early bloomer. Her signs showed at only 5 years old. She was undead and just pure sunshine, I grabbed the needle an thread from my skirt.  

"Allright Suzy let's make sure that that doesn't happen again" 

I looked up and my husband was playing soccer with some of the older kids. They were home for the holidays. He was actually pretty good, but couldn't keep up with the speed and strength of the werewolves.

Tomorrow our larger orphanage opens. We can't adopt all of them, but we can help them. Perfection doesn't exist in genes, but life is pretty perfect right now. 



