Wick enters the upscale fundraiser and sees Bruce Wayne across the room. He stops a circulating caterer and asks for a glass of bourbon. Pointing to Mr. Wayne, John asks the elegantly coiffed, white-jacketed attendant to bring him the same, and let him know who had sent it. 

The waiter disappears into the kitchen through the wide double-hinged doors, John glances at the bustling activity within, noting the layout during the half second it takes for them to swing shut. 

A few minutes later the waiter emerges with a silver tray, laden with two crystal tumblers, each a quarter full with a dark amber liquid. As he makes his way towards John, the light from the ornate chandelier overhead makes the faceted crystal seem to come alive as rays bouncing through bourbon spot the man's white jacket with a kaleidoscope of dull yellow and light brown reflections. 

John calmly lifts one of the tumblers from the tray, swirling it gently, savoring the unique aroma for a heartbeat before he tastes the drink. 

"Is this acceptable sir?" asks the waiter, conscious of his responsibility to know and choose the absolute finest for this wealthy, unforgiving crowd. 

"Yeah."

John looks over at Bruce, tilting his head ever so slightly towards the billionaire. 

Understanding at once, the waiter says, "very good, sir." and sets off across the room. 

He reaches Mr. Wayne, who looks bored, surrounded by paunchy balding men in ten-thousand dollar tuxedos and beautiful women in even more expensive attire. 

Bruce accepts the glass and takes a sip. A flash of recognition ripples ephemeral across his face as the liquid touches his tongue. The waiter says something, inaudible to Bruce as he stares ruefully into his glass. Snapping out of it he thanks the waiter who motions toward the other side of the room. 

Bruce's eyes meet John's gaze, who gives a slight nod. 

Politely extricating himself from the social parasites orbiting him like hungry satellites caught in the gravity well of a merciless star, he calmly walks through the sea of abject social climbers and the idle wealthy coming to a stop face to face with John Wick. 

"Bruce." John says in his laconic deadpan. 

"Hello John," Bruce says. "How long has it been, Four years?"

"Five."

"I'm sorry to hear about your wife John."

"Thanks."

"I told you to call me if you ever needed anything."

"I know, it just happened too fast."

"Still, my condolences. She was a special woman."

"Yeah."

"So, are you working again John?"

"No, just sorting some things out."

"Does this have anything to do with that marker?" asked Bruce, obviously knowing John would understand to which he was referring. 

"Yeah." 

"So that's why he's here. He never comes to these things in person." said Bruce, glancing toward the other side of the room. 

Standing by the chocolate fountain wearing a black-hemmed suit jacket with no necktie stood a tall, muscular man with long red hair and a neatly trimmed red beard surrounded by taller more muscular men in charcoal suits with neckties of various somber colors and a single earpiece, their coiled wires disappearing behind their collars. 

"You're here for me then." 

"Afraid so."

Bruce took a deep breath, letting it out with a sigh. Their eyes met for a moment, which was all the time either needed to understand exactly what would happen next. 

They toasted, raised their glasses and drained them. Pausing for a moment, each with an empty glass and standing like coiled springs. 

In the blink of an eye John drew his gun, raising it towards Bruce's face. In the same blink Bruce caught his hand and the two appeared to struggle, as Bruce pushed the muzzle straight up. John fired three shots into the air and five more as the gun arced towards the floor, shards of glass from the chandelier rained down on them, two bullets struck an expensive painting of a dog hanging on the wall on the near side of the room and the rest went into the antique wood floor. 

Screams and panic filled the ballroom as the terrified wealthy scrambled and shoved one another out of the way, fleeing the danger of the two men grappling in the middle of the room. Only the red haired man and his six bodyguards remained to watch the fight. 

Bruce knocked the gun from John's hand and grabbed his sleeve, turning his hips to throw John off his feet. John used the momentum, diving forward and rolling, he caught one of Bruce's legs and swept him to the floor. Both on the ground now they struggled for position while the red haired man motioned his bodyguards towards the fight. 

Bruce gained the top position and began raining blows on John's face and ribs which he blocked with his forearms. Both men kept note of the approaching guards. Bruce broke through John's defense and punched him hard across the face, grabbing his shirt with his other hand and pulling him up. 

"Who sent you!" Bruce shouted. 

John spit blood. 

Bruce raised his hand to strike again but suddenly rolled to the side as John pulled a small gun from his ankle and instantly headshotted four of the guards. 

John and Bruce both knew what to do next. Before the two remaining guards could draw their weapons Bruce was on top of them, keeping them busy in hand to hand combat. 

John staggered to his feet as the man with the red hair startled and dashed towards the kitchen. 

Shaking the cobwebs from his head, John sprinted after him. Bursting through the swinging doors he saw no one but could hear someone hiding behind the island. 

"Luthor!" John screamed. 

Shooting wildly over the counter, John had no trouble diving away from the bullets. He closed the distance, vaulting over the counter to land atop Luthor, who was scrambling to reach something he could use to defend himself but John kept him from reaching anything. 

John reached for the gun in the holster under his arm only to remember it had been knocked away by Bruce. 

While reaching for the gun John's hand felt something hard in his inside jacket pocket. 

Holding Luthor's arms together over his head by the wrists with his left hand, John pulled a sharpened No. 2 from his pocket, raised his right hand and brought it down, fatally stabbing Luthor in the neck with a fooken pen-seal. 

Walking back into the empty ballroom, gore covered pencil clutched in his hand, he saw Bruce standing over the two unconscious men. 

"Is it finished?" asked Bruce. 

"Yeah."

"You'd better get out of here. They're going to come for you."

"Of course."

John turns to leave and as he is about to exit the ballroom Bruce calls out. 

"Good to see you again, John."

John nods. 

"Goodnight, Bruce." And he slips out into the dark. 