The pen tapped a steady rhythm on the edge of the clipboard as the doctor read through the results. He shifted in the chair and leaned forward, his attention turned to his patient. "How are you feeling?" 

She shrugged one shoulder and swallowed before talking. It seemed the entire movement caused her pain. She winced slightly with her eyes closed. "Honestly? Like I could go any minute."  Her voice was weak and distant, almost like it had come from another room. He nodded his head slowly and set the clipboard on his lap.   
"The results aren't what we hoped, but I think six months is about what to expect."  He gave her an encouraging smile.  "Maybe you can travel some, and see the world? I remember you mentioned going to Portugal with your grandparents." She turned her eyes toward the window and wiped a tear away. Six months?

She sighed, "yeah we got some really beautiful pictures."  He stood and helped her to her feet. He walked her to the door and down the hall into the waiting room, where her parents were waiting for her. 

"Come and visit when you are done adventuring." He said with a supportive pat to her shoulder. She nodded a little and left with her parents. 

\-\-

"How are you feeling today?" Her mom had just walked in, she had a plate of breakfast in one hand and a glass of orange juice in another.

"Surprisingly.....very good." She sat up confidently and put her feet over the side of the bed. " Can we go on a hike today?" She asked. She had energy behind her eyes and the bags that had constantly resided beneath her eyes were all but gone. She smiled widely to her mother.  Her mother returned the smile. These good days had become steadily more frequent than her low energy painful days, since the last doctor appointment.

"Of course we can, where do you want to go?"

\-\-

"Its been nearly six months, hasn't it?" Her dad was holding his daughter with an arm across her shoulders. They were looking over a cliff on the coast. The sun was beginning to set over the horizon. The oranges and pinks of the sky were deepening and the way it was reflected on the waves was magical. She ran a thin and shaky hand through her hair.

"Yeah." Mortality is a strange concept, she was able to accomplish in the last six months far surpassed anything she had done before. She did go on adventures. She learned how to ski, how to weld, she took dance classes, and she ate all sorts of exotic food. Her family went on a few cruises and camping trips around the world. Currently they were visiting the ancestral home of her father, in Ireland.  There were days left in the six months window her doctor gave her. She felt like it as well, like her clock was winding down again. She felt death approaching. 

"We'll give him a visit when we get back, yeah?" He always tried to stay positive, even through the bad days. He had had to carry her most of the way to the cost because her strength left her, but she needed this.

She nodded, "yeah."

\-\-

"It's good to see you," the doctor said warmly as his patient settled into her seat. She had a tan but her face was gaunt like her last visit. She smiled faintly.

"And you, I wish you could have seen me last month." She had already lost the healthy weight she had gained. Her scapula protruded sharply from her collar. She twisted a Claddagh her father got her from Ireland. 

"I saw the pictures! You had wonderful adventures! What was the best thing you did?" He smiled warmly and again she echoed it. "Can you tell me how you feel?" She shifted in her seat and looked at her hands.

"Like my time is up." She couldn't even get herself dressed in the morning. All her strength was gone, replaced by a constant ache. Each breath was a needle against her ribs, each step refracted pain up her spin into her neck. She couldn't sleep. She had no appetite.

"Well, I am sorry to hear that." He drummed his pen on the clipboard.  "I'll tell you what," he started writing something on a notepad. He tore off the page and handed it to her. "This is good for a year, ok? Keep exploring, keep growing. Spread some love to those that need it, perhaps?" He smiled, a genuine deep and encouraging smile.  

She took the paper and looked at it. There was a date on it, exactly one year from now. It didn't say anything else. "I'm confused."

"Think nothing of it, my dear. Give my best to your family." He helped her to her feet again and walked her towards the door. 

 Strangely, once they were in the hallway she didn't need his help to walk anymore. She clenched that little piece of paper in her hand. "I will." she smiled to her doctor as she walked passed him into the waiting room.

He watched her leave with a smile and faint little shadows growing underneath his eyes.