I'm taken aback at first. This is something completely new to me. I begin to wonder if I'm seeing it wrong, that the light coming in the window is just reflecting oddly off my head. A bit of examination reveals that the light doesn't change the colour. I spend the rest of the day distracted.

A few weeks later I notice another one, this one starting on the back of my head. I decide to leave them, let them grow. See where this goes.

Before the end of the year I have a long streak of silver running down my head from crown to forehead. As I watch it's progress I ruminate.

At first I think "No." 

"It's nothing. Just a product of my environment, maybe, or a disease. I may not be able to die but I've been sick more times than anyone could count."

The silver spreads.

I think back to the times I've been a soldier, all the battles I fought for King and Country, then for God, then Land, then eventually Land and Country. All those other men never got to see anything like this. Most of them didn't even have children, and I've outlived my grandchildren's grandchildren by generations.

I'm now completely crowned in silver. Strands are showing now in my beard and around my ears. I'm thinking something else now.

"No. It's not happening. How could it? I've lived this long. How could it happen? It's not fair! How have I gone this long only to end up here now? I've forgotten when I was born!"

I think back to all the people I've loved. Women, sometimes men. Sometimes I'd start a family here or there. I have many lineages in many places. Most of them have seen this happen. Almost all of my children have seen the signs of age creep into their faces. By then I was usually gone, moved on somewhere else lest they ask why in their lifetime I hadn't aged a day.

My eyes have grown wrinkles. When I smile the lines stay on my cheeks. The skin on my hands is growing thin, I can see my veins drawn up my arms. My wife smiles at me. Our children have long since moved out. This is all normal to her, her hair is grey as well and she seems to embrace her age, like she knew this was coming. Like it was all according to plan.

Sometimes she asks me why I spend so much time in front of the mirror.

It was never hard to keep strong before. I was always moving somewhere, always working.

I think back to the times I was a farmer. I have fed more people in my life than any other person in history. I always liked the work, long hours in the field, the satisfaction of seeing your crop come to harvest, again and again. And again. And again.

"Yes."

She asks me what I said. Her hearing isn't so good now. Neither is mine. The parades of grandchildren have to shout for us to hear them sometimes. It doesn't matter much to her, she smiles no matter what.

"Yes. It's time."

I smile, wrinkled cheeks pulling back from old teeth. This isn't the end of anything. This is the beginning of what comes next. I hear my wife moving around in the kitchen. I turn away from the mirror.