If anyone sympathizes with this character - you probably need help :)

____________

Fire.

It was my obsession. It burned within me.

From my teenage years I had been obsessed with it. It had always been my love. I'd only ever been caught once - lighting a bin on fire - but by the time I was twenty I had lit three bushfires, and for every 'Lost Pet' notice taped to a tree, I was the one that knew where the charred body lay.

Which was, of course, what drove me to enrol as a firefighter. To not only be with my love - but to have power over it - why, it's every pyromaniac's dream.

But even I knew not to light up in weather like we have today. Forty-nine degrees Celcius, unpredictable winds and on the back of the dryest summer since 2009. I'm an arsonist, maybe even a monster, but I'm not suicidal.

I sat in the firetruck, and looked down the main street of the small city of Mildura, when I realised what today was. It wasn't my first time experiencing this day. I'd been through this day 7212 times. Today was my 7213rd time. 7213. That number must mean something. 7. 13. Lucky numbers. 7213 - a prime. What did that mean?

It meant that it was time for me to live a little. To make my own luck.

My modus operandi was well established now. Find two areas that will both burn slowly and light both up, then report one of them. While all the trucks fight the first flashpoint, the second one has a chance to spread. Just nine minutes later, I was killing the first of my babies. And while all of Mildura's firefighters were busy protecting the cinema, another fire was spreading into a disused warehouse. It would only be a matter of time before it reached the broken down tractors and farm equipment stored there and the fuel tanks in them exploded.

As the fire spread, I wondered whether the last few days had been such a thrill. I remembered nothing of the last twenty years, but why should that bother me? I was young and in love, and nothing would keep me away from my beloved fires. 

Would I have done the same things without seeing the signs in the numbers? I hoped I'd make the same decisions tomorrow. Somehow, I knew that whatever happened, I would.

As my neighbours screamed and my city burned, I smiled. Of course I would live this day again. Not even half way through, and I'd made up my mind.