The Hitler Games had become commercialized in recent years. It was inevitable, I suppose; something so popular and so widely watched was ripe for advertising potential. In recent years the games had suffered for it. With competitors taking money from all manner of corporate sponsors, Hitler had been crushed by a falling Brawndo vending machine, shot by a specially designed Starbucks Doubleshot launcher, and of course the winning contestant three years ago...the Disney corporation had gotten darker as of late, but dispatching a squad of animatronic Frozen cast members to do...*that*. Ugh.  

My problem with the games wasn't the tasteless advertising or sponsorship, really. It was the lack of finesse. It was the lack of imagination. I mean, here we were, a group of scientists, adventurers, explorers, and historians, and the best we had been able to muster in the past decade was time-beaming a Tyrannosaur into Hitler's observation box at the 1936 Berlin Olympics. Sure, it was funny. But the poor animal had been far too confused to mount a proper rampage.  

Last year, I was going to do something special. Something to get the Society back to its roots and remember that *Time itself* was the deadliest weapon we could bring to bear.  

I'd explored a number of ideas. I wanted to play within the theme of historic events. Due to the Time Split Theorem, there was no fear of disrupting our current timeline; wherever we meddled, time simply split and began an alternate parallel path which inevitably regained equilibrium and merged with the current timeline when the ripples dissipated. So it may take an extra couple hundred or thousand years, but I could do whatever I wanted. I thought about beaming Hitler aboard the Apollo 11 mission right as the airlock door was opened. I'd considered dropping Hitler between Aaron Burr and Alexander Hamilton right as the men fired at each other. Find him while he was painting something and beam him onto the deck of the Titanic as it was sinking. I didn't want to just kill Hitler in WWII, or in Berlin, or in Europe. I wanted to spice things up.  

I had to catch him sitting down for my plan to work. Do you know how many of history's most important moments happen with an important figure sitting, calmly, facing forward? Not many. It took a little while, and finally I threw a hail mary and tried April 30, 1945. I figured he'd be alone and sitting down. The dreary little bunker was not the best venue if I wanted to hit him with a Coca Cola truck - no crowd, no audience - but then he wasn't going to die for nearly two decades.  

"Morning!" I said brightly, as I started setting dates, times and coordinates on my pocket watch. "How are you today, you mass-murdering little shit? Good, good. Contemplating ending it all? Good, good."  

The most bewildered look crossed his face. Perhaps it was my clothes, the strange accent that a thousand years of intermingled dialects produced, or, probably, the fact that I'd suddenly stepped out of the timeline right in front of him. 

"Look. I don't really have time to explain but, well, you're famous in the future. Infamous, really," I intoned, gently pushing him back down into his seat and taking the pistol out of his hand. I cut him off as he started to protest.  

"We've made a bit of a game out of offing you, to be honest. I'm G. I'm going to be your Time Guide for today. Ah, there we have it...ready? Good, good. Watch your head."  

I pressed the button.  

It isn't easy to facilitate a hands-off two-way swap from multiple timelines across multiple locations, but especially when one of them is a *moving vehicle*. You understand, this was master-level time manipulation but the spatial concerns alone were a 10/10 for difficulty. He couldn't end up in the passenger seat, or in the trunk. Hitler had to be perfectly placed at the perfect time. Precision. Perfection.  

So what if I messed up by a few seconds? The wife's face was especially priceless, seeing her husband blink out of existence and be replaced by an absentee genocidal maniac? Her heart attack was...unfortunate. I took a shortcut with the husband and just moved him backwards into the trunk.   

I stood in a crowd of shouting, waving people at the edge of Dealey Plaza on November 22, 1963. I raised my eyes from the car to scan the facade of the Dallas School Book Depository and squinted against the bright sunlight. *There*. A flash of movement in the corner window.  

I lowered my gaze and took out my pocket watch. Thumbing through destinations, I landed on the 'Home' position just as a rifle shot rang out and the screaming started. I never actually watched the events I put in place. Some of my competitors were similarly squeamish, while others were downright bloodthirsty. My seeding last year meant some of them had already killed their Hitlers. I was trying to shoot-the-moon with my little trick; I would either win or be reprimanded, and ran the risk that later seeds would seize my idea and execute it better. 

My thumb hovered over the button, waiting for the second shot.