First of, death is real, as in it's an actual roaming thing... person? Whatever at this point.
Second of all, death is petty, very, very petty. 
Now on with the story of how I died 

I always loved living, even in my lowest lows I would find a shred of hapiness to get myself up again. Life to me was way too short, how could you experience everything this earth has to offer in 80 or so years? 
I still think that, death won't beat me, it won't make me beg for the "sweet relief of death".  Im sure you're wondering what the hell i'm talking about and honestly It's going to sound insane. I walked on it's robe and I shit you not this thing "curses" me with immortality. 

I'll admit, it has been hard, I slowly saw all the people I loved die in front of me, I moved again and again, starting over everytime in order to avoid suspicion etc. More than that, as it saw i wouldn't beg for it to stop, death started toying with me. It showed me my dead family and friends in my dreams, it told me how much they wanted me to join them, but I stood tall. If this... this thing, wanted me to beg, It would be greatly disappointed. 

Instead of crying over my oh so sad destiny, I decided to take full advantage of it. I travelled all over the world, studied every language i could find, took any hobby there was and tried every sport. During centuries, maybe even a millenia, I made the best out of this curse and I like to think I made the world a better place. 

Of course l got bored, at some points I almost wanted to end it all, but I would never let myself be defeated by the asshole who took my life away. I honestly thought it would last forever, from what I saw, death wasn't one to break a curse, until today that is. It came to see me as it did every decade or so to check up on me and most often than not, torture me. As usual i brushed it off but death had something in mind that day.

-You're free, it said.

Confused, but mostly skeptic, I looked at it where it's eyes would have been if it had any. Death repeated itself.

-What? Why, why now? I asked.

-Listen, It has been fun watching you, but good things have to end at some point.

I was still confused, nothing it said explained why or how this was happening. As if it read my mind, It probably did to be honest, death continued:

-My boss wants to see you, I guess he didn't like my plans for you. You still get to live as long as this body of yours does, which won't be that long if you want my opinion.

Death emitted a sound I understood as laughter before it disappeared in smoke. As the cold vanished, I slowly had the realisation that I could finaly die. It took a while to settle in, but here I am now, writing this suicide note? Not sure I would call it that after living for so long but it won't matter soon. 

If you're reading this note, dont feel sad for me dying, I lived much longuer than nature should allow, but it was a full and happy life.

I beat death, and now I can finally rest. 





