I don't know whether it's the butterflies and the dysphoria or the punch from Kevin, but I can barely stand straight anymore. I've always had my suspicions but could never prove it, Kevin was a Christian. 
Was. They'd long gone into hiding after all of the other religions had been dismantled and rebuffed. It's not like anyone was trying to kill them, but they held a position that was similar to that group of the late 20th century. The one that many of early 21st century kept accusing one another of being a member. 

Either way, there weren't supposed to be any of them on this mission. Thanks to Kevin and a bit of anxiousness I'm travelling back in time without being able to properly view my exit. Thank Go-
 hohoho that word! I'm grateful that I was already at the proper site when we launched. I'm still holding the eject button. If Kevin had of taken this from me I'd be on a ghastly fatal, one-way trip back to Big Bang.    

Time travel is both fearful and beautiful. The prism of rapidly swirling images around me provide quite the show of where humanity has come from over the ages. The ridiculous wars, the failure to share resources... In my time we have used hard science, carbon dating, discovered troves of historical data and many other measures to start legislating organized religion from the lives of humanity. 

Why shouldn't we? 

It's preposterous that this chaos was allowed to last for as long as it did. We didn't need the time travel to take care of the last religion, but its' usage destroying the last of them will be glorious! After all, my mission was named the Anti-Christ mission. I don't know who cleared that name, but the irony was openly relished throughout the world.

The jump out point that the visor was configured to see is coming up, just gotta hit the release button to create the spark for slowing down my travel...

Done.

Now one more click to exit...

"Whoo, one massively great jump for men. I've made it!"
 Of course, everything that I would view and see was being recorded. There wasn't anyone nearby so I took a dangerous liberty. No one else popped up to stop me so obviously it didn't cause any trouble. Right?

Let's take a look at the watch:

_| _ AD

Damn it, god damn it. I can't confirm that I'm in the right time. I need to view the crucifixion then monitor the tomb. Once I record that nothing happens I can return home. It never crossed my mind that my trip would be anything less than perfect, but that damn Kevin managed to screw with the mission. 

*stomp*

If only I'd-

"Where'd you run off to, Jesus?"

Never has my attention been so aptly summoned and focused. This fisherman stares dead at me and thinks that I'm Jesus? What does this mean? Please don't let it mean that I'm the one to blame...

"I had to pray to my Father Peter."

- This can't be

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to int-"

- Why are they ignoring me, talking through me like I'm not here? I don't know what's going on, and this breaks all of the rules, but damn it someone's going to acknowledge me. *in aramaic* "Why do you speak over me?"

-"... the truth behin-"

*Punch* 

Oh, nothing but net?! My hand went right through the man that answers to Jesus. Wait, I'm not leaving any marks on the ground. How is this possible? How can I be grounded, but still not able to interact with this time? <i>Kevin never intended to stop me, but to make me chronologically inert.</i> Still, that doesn't explain how he knew exactly what to do to cause this situation. I still exist and am present. I can witness everything here, but I can't interact with it. What would happen if I jumped?

- Nothing

Wait, Peter's gone but Jesus is still looking right at me. Can he...?

"Yes."

"BUT HOWWW?"

"I Am."

"That doesn't explain anything. What does that mean, 'I am'?"

"I am that I am."

"You're fake. You may really live, but you are not what you claim to be. What others claim you to be. I'm going to watch you die and then fail rise after three days."

"It's already done."

"Now I know you're craz-". The clearing near the edge of the pond is gone! We were suddenly there, but now we're not. Jesus is up on a cross. No, that's not true and it's not there anymore. There's now a cave behind me, behind us. I knew it, he's dead. His dead body is being placed in it and covered with a boulder. Showed him right. 

"Don't be afraid."

*shudder*

Somehow Jesus is standing side-by-side with me. I look around and I see men in chainmail running in the distance. "What did you do? What is going on?"

"You are looking for Jesus from Nazareth, who has been crucified. He has risen from the dead; he is not here. Look, here is the place they laid him. Now go and tell his followers and Peter, ‘Jesus is going into Galilee ahead of you, and you will see him there as he told you before.’”

Suddenly Jesus was speaking to many men dressed like myself. We were all gathered in a new area, a dwelling/building of some sort. They all had a grand look of happiness on their faces.

“It isn’t for you to know the times or seasons that the Father has set by his own authority. Rather, you will receive power when the Holy Spirit has come upon you, and you will be my witnesses in Jerusalem, in all Judea and Samaria, and to the end of the earth.”

-
-
-
-
-

I must be hopping through time. Whatever Kevin has done, it seems as if it's making me move forward through time. I didn't get to perfectly witness exactly what I came here for, but what will happen to me now? I saw something to the contrary and I think it's bull.

"Wake up!"

"What?". It's my team, surrounding me.

"Kevin tampered with your apparatus Damien, we searched for your chronological signature then pulled you back to us."

Amy, she's always the most brilliant one in the group.

"Thanks Amy. I didn't know what was happening. You have to send me back, I need to get a proper recording".

"What do you mean, you got exactly what we needed. The footage shows you witnessing a stand-in at the end there. At one point there's suddenly two of them and then just one. That's consistent with what we expected from the modifications. Still, the People demand that you speak to them about what you saw."

I was right, I was right!!! No, I was wrong. I know what I saw and based upon the recording that she showed me it's edited. I'm going to tell the world the truth of what I saw. Others can go behind me to verify it.

"Ok Amy, when's the press release?"

"Now. Hurry up, people are a bit panicky"

"Why?"

"We believe that Kevin may have leaked the time tech to people. Many are missing and we're seeing signatures that are similar to those of time travel, but different."

"Different how?"

"The spatial locations don't match the locations that we're finding the data in."

"So a more advanced form? How can we stop him?"

"I don't know, but his group hasn't tried to stop us yet. We lost him immediately after he tried to stop your mission and you disappeared into the past. He just disappeared, his tech is amazing"

"Think he may escaping into the future? I can't imagine that he and his followers would be running into the past."

"I don't know, but the world needs some good news now. Give it to them, tell them the mission was a success. We have your back going forward."

"Ok, take me to them".

Why should I do that? There's so much that has been wrong with the world. Religion never did more good than bad. Even if it's true, who wants to believe in a truth like that? Mankind is finally advancing beyond the need for religion. Not only that, but we have a time devices! It's one of the last great accomplishments needed before taking mankind to the next level. Obviously we can't allow everyone to have access to this, it should just stay with my group. Technology would become the new devil of the world if people could alter history. I've been right about science my whole life and only believe in what we can observe, engineer and duplicate. I can't introduce any doubt into this world, into my world. I am god. I am God. I control time and with it any resources that I will wield to better mankind. Everyone here will follow me and will want to achieve the same goals.

"I am God."

*an ear splitting noise never heard before rips from the sky above*