Monday, July 7th, 20XX, Metroccult Orphanage. A box truck enters the gated grounds, headed towards the main entrance along the horse shoe driveway. It stops and sounds the horn lightly a couple of times. The weathered double doors open slowly revealing a group of small cloaked figures. They rush to the truck to grab the groceries for this week.

A cloaked helper chirps,  "Hurry up! The sun is starting to rise!" A larger figure appears in the doorway, dressed in slacks and a sweater, whispers back loudly, "Hush! Do you want to wake the lycans up before I've had time to prepare breakfast?" The cloak snaps back, "I don't care about those fucking puppies, Father Corey!" The slacked man retorts fiercely, "Well you need to get your shit together, Kars, or you'll have to explain to all the other vampires why you're getting O positive for breakfast, lunch, and dinner for the next month!"  The other cloaked figures express their disgust mid errand, mocking the vampire teenager Kars, as they continue to usher the assorted bags and drums of "groceries" inside.

With the last of the provisions off the truck, the cloaked helpers vanished inside the ominous home for the damned and abandoned. Corey, the Metroccult Orphanage Housefather, waves to the driver as they egress from the property and checks his watch, "Ah fuck, 8 already? I need to start cooking something before the lycans try to eat the ghouls again." 

 The grand clock in the foyer sounds off as all literal hell breaks loose.  The home begins rumbling and the sounds of the damned begin, claws goring the wood floor as they scamper from their rooms, the sound of wings flapping, the sluggish foot steps and moans as they draw from their rooms.  The Housefather rushes to the kitchen to ready breakfast. "Just a couple more years and you can run away with all that money you're embezzling, maybe to a beach or up in the mountains where these freak bastards can't find you," Corey thinks as he cleaves assorted meat products." A lycan youth scampers into the kitchen, "Fathhher,  ammm sooo huuunngrryy" The Father places his cleaver on the counter, wipes his hands, and kneels to the pup, "Just a few more minutes, woof" He scratches the child behind the ear, "Now go help set up the table, please." The wolf child sulks for a moment and runs off. Father Corey stands and turns back to the vittles he is preparing and shudders. "What seems to be the problem, Father?" a sarcastic voice rakes. The Housefather cocks his head at an angle, staring at his assistant,  "Valura, really? You want me to leave you here when I run away or what?" "Christ, I'm just kidding baby," she whines as she gazes longingly at Corey. Her lover, knowing he is wrong approaches her around the table, "Look, I'm sorry, I just want to get out of here and get back to as regular a life as I can."  He leans in for a kiss and pulls away during, "Jesus, Val, you gotta stop biting my lips like that. Those fangs are no joke." His porcelain vampire consort blushes, "I'm sorry, love. Let's finish preparing breakfast so we can go have some alone time, yeah?"

 Corey enters the dining hall as breakfast is ending, joined by Valura. "Well I guess only one ghoul losing a leg isn't that bad, eh?" he whispers to her. "God you're a dick," she chimes back.

The Housefather whistles to gather the attention of the room, "Everyone please help gather dishes and return them to the kitchen and head back to your rooms to get ready for morning recess." He turns to his mistress, "Why don't you go upstairs and change into something..more naked?" Valura blushes and withdraws upstairs. 
Corey, seemingly satisfied wit himself, slowly follows suit upstairs as he watches the mayhem unfold as the children clamber about getting ready to go outside to play.  Father Corey enters his darkened chambers to be met by his pale beauty, spread across their bed.  As he approaches, slowly undoing his belt, he stops as if to listen for something. "Is everything okay, love?" Valura inquires. "Is..is that a siren?" Corey hisses.  He refastens his belt as he approaches the window looking over the main courtyard and entrance gate. "You have got TO BE KIDDING ME!!" he screams. What appears to be dozens of police vehicles are swarming into the compound. 

Terror echoes through the home as the police accost the wooden doors into the home. "THIS IS THE NEW METRO PROTECTORATE! OPEN UP! WE HAVE THE PLACE SURROUNDED! FATHER COREY COME OUT WITH YOUR HANDS UP!" Housefather Corey erupts from his chambers onto the balcony overlooking the entrance to the orphanage. Before he can manage words he notices a figure reaching to open the double doors. "Kars!" he mutters weakly to himself.  The vampire youth unlocks the doors to be trampled by the sea of black vests and hats flooding into the foyer. Housefather Corey is spotted and is immediately fired upon.  Struck by a barrage of lead he slumps down the railing to the floor, his mistress screaming as she is struck too.  "Gasping for air and trying to manage sense of the situation Corey can only spectate as the protectorate swarm him. "Yeah, this is him, piece of shit," an officer proclaims as he prods the blooded Housefather. "Alright, round the rest of them up and burn this place down. We can't let any of them survive," another barks out.  The Housefather's vision beings to blur and darken, "This is it," he thinks to himself "I was so close.." 

Death envelopes the tyrant and he slips into darkness.  

"What.. is that sound...? A horse?..." Corey thinks to himself as he opens his eyes.

"Hey, you. You're finally awake. You were trying to cross the border,
right? Walked right into that Imperial ambush, same as us, and that
thief over there."





(I know its bad but I had some fun. Pleas use lube when criticizing) 
