At first, we thought nothing of Voyager’s disappearance. She was old, running out of power and had made it further than anyone had any right to expect. But we were impatient, Voyager had given us a taste of the cosmos, and we were hungry for more. So, we built a faster Voyager, sent her out into the galactic void. She disappeared too, exactly the same distance from Earth as her sister. We did this several times, each time losing the probe at the exact same distance, around a quarter light-year from Earth.

So, there I was, captain of the SC-905, better known as The Icarus. The brass has a nasty sense of humor, sometimes. A hush settled around the crew as we approached The Voyager Boundary, as it had come to be known. Advances in technology had allowed us to get there in just under a year. As we held our collective breath, we passed the Boundary and… nothing. No magic hand descended to swat us from the skies, no gamma ray burst to obliterate us, just more space, stretching infinitely before us. This far out, it would take us months to get a reply from Earth, but we sent a message anyway.

The first thing we noticed was the artificial gravity went wonky. All of us were suddenly a lot lighter. A few hours later, we noticed something even stranger; Earth was receding from us faster than expected. Much faster. Quick calculations showed that we were travelling at roughly 50 times the speed of light. At that speed, we would reach Alpha Centauri, our nearest celestial neighbor, in a month. We started noticing other weird things as well. In Engineering, a 90-pound, 5-foot-nothing cadet snapped a metal wrench in two without even trying to. In the gyms, we ran out of punching bags in a couple of hours because people’s fists just kept going straight through them. Everyone had to talk softly because shouting could now shatter glass. Something – someone? had suddenly made us all freakishly strong.

It was almost like – well – like someone had turned the difficulty down in a computer game. All this time, we were hurtling towards Alpha Centauri at half a billion miles a minute. Our bodies, our ship,  should not have been able to withstand the acceleration, the impact from even motes of dust at that speed. Hell, at that speed, we should have run out of fuel pretty much instantly even assuming non-relativistic scaling of fuel requirements.
Then, we arrived. And – well, that’s a story for next time.