I rushed towards the flames. The firefighters tried to stop me, but I expertly slipped their grasp and disappeared into the billowing smoke. They did not know what I knew. Someone was still inside. 

Visibility was nonexistent as I hurried through the building, nearly tripping over scorched debris. It didn't phase me. I had done this many times before. I maneuvered across the splintered terrain with my thick work boots, tearing off a piece of my t-shirt as I went so I could protect my nose and mouth from the smoke.

It didn't take me long to find a flight of stairs to the second floor. I leapt up the steps with great caution, knowing full well that they might collapse under me. Once I reached the top, I knew I had found the right place. Before me was a massive hole in the floor and beneath it, fiery death. 

It was clear to me now how the firefighters missed someone. None of them could cross this hole while weighed down by their gear. But I could. I took a deep breath, trying my best to stay low to the ground to not inhale smoke, and backed up to the stairs for my running start. I crouched, still holding the cloth to my face, and carefully counted the steps. Then I ran.

I took several quick strides before leaning into one powerful leap. As my feet left the ground, I shut my eyes and reached forward with my legs. It seemed like an eternity that I flew through the air. For a split second, I wondered if this would finally be my end. Then My feet hit the floor on the other side with great force, causing me to tumble a little before stopping on my back.

I quickly got up and shook off the beating. It seemed my crusade would continue. I actually felt a hint of disappointment at the thought, but this was not the time to dwell on it. Whoever I was looking for had to be close now. "Hello?!" I coughed. The smoke was already getting to my voice, straining it. I ventured carefully forward down what looked like a hall with several doors. "Can you hear me?!" I tried again.

This time a coughing fit answered my call. The sound came from behind a door on the right. I reached behind me, quickly pulling out the crowbar that hung out of my backpack. I coughed, trying to clear my now exposed mouth, then yelled in, "Get away from the door!"

I jammed the crowbar in between the door and the frame and placed my left foot on the door, then pulled with all my might. The wood frame cracked, but the door remained steadfast. I adjusted my grip on the crowbar and tried again, pulling with everything I had. 

The door finally gave way with a loud crunch, slamming into the opposite wall. There, away from the door, a woman was keeled over and coughing uncontrollably, unable to breath much less speak. I exhaled in relief and approached her while stowing the crowbar away in my pack. "Come with me. I can get you out of-"

I stopped as the wood under my feet shuddered. I watched in horror as a giant crack formed beneath the woman and suddenly caved in. I dashed forward with my hand outstretched, but I was too late. I saw her face just long enough to catch a glimpse of the absolute fear in her intense blue eyes. Then she plummeted into the roaring flames below. 

I stared into the gaping hole in the floor, unable to move or even breath. I could only look into the fire in shock. My legs turned to jelly as only one thought resounded in my mind. I had failed. Again.

Another loud crack reached my ears, indicating that the floor under me was about to give out too. I instinctually put a hand to the wall and tapped four times. , and then silence.

I now stood amidst the light of a single street lamp in the middle of the night, likely halfway across the world. There was nothing around me except an empty road, a few run down houses, and the occasional chirp of a cricket.

I shivered as a cool evening breeze enveloped me, drawing my attention to my blackened body. My boots were scorched. My pants stained. My shirt was in tatters. I looked down at my hands. To my surprise, my fingers had become bloody from terrible splinters. These hands... which failed to save that woman's life.

At last the weight of the scene I had witnessed came barreling down on me. I buried my face in my dirtied hands and fell to my knees. I couldn't hold all the trauma inside anymore. I screamed. For several minutes I screamed into my hands as tears flowed down my soot-ridden face.

When my voice finally gave out, I fell on my side in the middle of the road and simply cried. I cried and released all the pain I had kept bottled up for so long. That woman was not the first person I had failed to save. I had intended to use this power to make a difference in the world; to become a real life hero and be there for the people that had none. I wanted that to be me... but it's too much. Too painful.

I folded my tainted hands on my chest and turned my blurred, watery vision to the clear night sky above. "I DON'T WANT TO DO THIS ANYMORE!" I screamed hoarsely. "I just want to die."

I laid there a moment more in the road as my own words sunk in. I no longer wanted this power. I couldn't take this life anymore. "Yes..." I said aloud to myself. "I want to die."

As I spoke those words, a faint scrambling sound reached me from beside one of the abandoned houses. Curious, I stifled my whimpering and rubbed my tear-stained eyes. I slowly pulled myself to my feet and hobbled over to the pile of empty cardboard boxes where I heard the noise.

"Hello?" I croaked.

I heard another scuffle to my right, and out from a nearby box popped a fuzzy little head. I stared down at the dirty little kitten in surprise. It was alone. No mother or family of the sort were anywhere to be found.

"So," I sniffed. "I suppose you're the one in need of some help."

The kitten mewed at me and tumbled over the edge of the box, then moseyed over to rub against my leg.

I clenched my fists as tears began to overwhelm me again, but this time it was not of sadness. I crouched down and carefully picked up the dainty creature, lifting it to my face. It mewed at me again and rubbed its head against mine. There was nothing to hold back this time. I sobbed uncontrollably in response and held the critter close to my chest.

In that moment, I was simply thankful to have a friend. I sat down, falling back against the boxes, and we both fell asleep amidst the cardboard sea.