Friday before a thanksgiving weekend. Finally! I thought this day would never come!

I watched the devil's red, swirly clock tick slowly. 

An hour till I can go home.

Tick... tick... tick.

Thoughts of just ditching plagued my mind. But, I though back to the last time I pulled that stunt... shuddering. Nope. That's not an option.

Just as I was dozing off, the DeviousLine alarm sounds.

Here we go again. I prepare my spiel for the angry souls who summon our services with a proposition in mind. Probably another scorned ex-employee, wanting to get back at his heartless boss.

As I straighten out my tie, I notice the empty space where the summoner must be.

I feel a tug on my coat. "Hey mister! Down here!".

A... a little human girl?!

Blasphemous!

"Puny human. You are yet to meet the requirements to initiate this kind of communication. I must ask you to-"

*BANG!  CRASH!*

Distinct yelling in the distance.

An all too familiar scene - an abusive household.

"How did you even manage to make this -" I began, but a series of quickly approaching thuds interrupted me and hear a clearly intoxicated parent getting closer. 

Deciding to make the more benevolent decision - after all, it is a Friday - I transported her to the dark realm.

Sitting her down just outside the gates of the devil's castle, I finally interrogate her.

"Little girl. Who taught you this ritual?" I question.

"Umm, my friends from school were talking about it, and I was feeling a little bored today, and I wanted to invite somebody to my tea party, and now you're here!" She exclaims, gleefully holding up a tea cup.

"Ugh... another code 23" I groaned, planting my face in my palm.

Big mistake.

"Lieutenant! What's this I hear of another code 23?" Perfect timing for the devil to return from his mid-afternoon jog, removing his earphones, no doubt playing 'Call me Maybe' for the 5,000th time.

"Abusive household, sir. I don't really see an alternative." I try to convince him.

"Ughhh, fiiiiineee. But, this has to be the last one. Jeez, it's like a whole kindergarten down here, dude!"