For years now I’ve worked with the down trodden of this world. I operate in some of the most crime ridden and deprived areas of Africa trying to bring some shred of hope to their often short lives.


My methods have been criticized by many but the ends justify the means. I don’t consider myself a criminal, I am simply balancing the scales. The machines that I pioneered are a master work of revolutionary drilling techniques and artificial intelligence combined into that which brings power to the powerless.
The core objective of my project is rerouting parts of vast underground water supplies in these improvised regions bringing life where there is none.



I’ve seen grass spring from scorching desert dunes, I’ve witnessed cracked, dry landscapes transformed into beautiful farms with crops stretching for acres. I’ve seen villages where starvation was rife and the open pits where the bodies were cast transformed because they could now sustain themselves and yet they still call me a criminal.




My project has admittedly cause some minor inconveniences. Water supplies are more limited in the bigger cities where I operate and the rich can no longer run their fountains or water then extravagant lawns daily but I’ve made a difference. I’M the one who has saved lives, I’M the one who has brought change and they still have the gall to send some Oxford educated moron with an easy smile and a suave accent to my door.



His actions were first brought to my attention when unit #3 mysteriously exploded during an otherwise standard operation. Feedback from the sensors had been good, completely nominal operation across the board and then nothing. My technical team didn’t file the final report from their expedition. Their last digital logs said the tunnels looked good and the drilling had progressed well but the machine itself had clearly been sabotaged as it was buried by a partial cave in strewn with shards of twisted metal. Another few million up in smoke, the third in as many months.



I arrived on site some hours later and told my pilot to set down 100m away from the site entrance. John was a world class pilot, he flew with the USMC for 8 years but a Bell corporate helicopter isn’t equipped like a Viper. The only warning we had was the small smoke trail we could see quickly snaking it’s way towards our helicopter. The next 15 seconds were pure terror. Wailing claxons. PULL UP, PULL UP. A crushing impact. Then that eerie silence that you only hear in these desolate areas.



When I my eyes finally adjusted to the light I saw the burning wreckage some 5 meters away. I must have been thrown clear, or did I jump?...I heard footsteps approaching and I turned to see the outline of a man slowly approaching over the sand. I called out.


“John?”



The response came slowly with a well practiced smugness, rolling off the tongue like a sickly treacle as if rehearsed in a mirror.


“John? No, the names Bond. James Bo...”


I’d heard the name from my operations team. I was warned it was him they’d send to shut us down.



The Walther PPK isn’t my first choice of gun but I must admit it’s compact and easy to handle with a relatively low kick back


A snap of my wrist, a squeeze of the trigger, a thud on the sand and again that silence. The dust that kicked up blew across the dessert floor scratching my eyes for a moment.


As I lay here I can only hope that the helicopter crashing has alerted my operations team. My right leg is shattered and I’m starting to feel cold

&nbsp;
&nbsp;

(Be gentle, this is my first ever attempt at a prompt)