“Oh, we’re *all* the way here now, in the middle of his castle, and *now* you want to question the morality of killing him?” Voltra asked, sending a plume of orange and blue sparks into the air like a firework. “We already killed a few of his guards, for Christ’s sake!”

Steelheart stood his ground, puffing his chest out. “We don’t know that they’re dead. With proper help, they may yet survive. We’re supposed to be heroes, aren’t we? If we kill, what’s the difference between us and the villain we seek to topple?”

“Um… they’re evil, and kill civilians? What kind of stupid fucking question is that?”

“But couldn’t it be said that these men are also innocent, and merely raised under the wrong nurturing conditions? Or perhaps they are being tricked, secretly controlled by an external force.”

I leaned back in my chair, smiling as Voltra shot another plume of sparks into the ceiling with a heaving grunt. The flash stung my eyes a little bit, but not enough to shy away.

^("Please, guys, stop fighting…") whispered Blowman. His name wasn’t *truly* Blowman, but… well, it was an apt name for me to call him in so many ways. He spoke in whispers to prevent accidentally unleashing an uncontrollable gust of wind when upset, and was known to have... interesting pastimes. ^("We need to hurry…")

“I can hardly hear your bitch voice over Voltra’s tantrum, Cid.” At the forefront of them all stood Inferno, the unspoken leader and presumably the strongest of the bunch. However, his strength lied in the fire flowing through his veins, bursting forth from vibrant red wings, and one of my many stolen strengths was Mistpulling. Fire meant nothing to an aquatic shield.

“*Excuse me*, bird-brains, but are you really going to come at me now? I’m the only one trying to kill the *psycho murderer* while you’re all chit-chatting and debating morality.” Voltra’s veins were pulsing faintly with a glow. “Go fly around the city and shit on people, Pidgeon-Dick.”

“And people call *me* a hot-head. You need to keep your shit together, V.”


^("Please stop fighting…")

I was reclined in my chair now, feet on the desk, fist-deep in a bag of Cheetos. *I’ve been working on a plan to take them out this whole time, but…”

Voltra screamed with fury, exploding with a light that was much brighter this time, forcing me to squint. Blowman tilted his head toward the ceiling, narrowing his eyes and pinching his nose shut.


^("Oh no, oh no… ohh…")

What happened next was… confusing. When I realized what had happened, I was against the wall behind me, covered in Cheeto dust. My papers and books had been scattered across the room, along with the hero hit-squad sent for me. Voltra stood up, groaning, with hair like a bird’s nest, and Inferno had been blown out like a candle. They all glared at poor Blowman, who had been knocked back into a food cart behind him.


^("I… I’m a photic sneezer…")

“There’s *snot* on me!” Voltra shouted, flailing her sparkling arms to burn and whip the substance off. “Where did all of this even *come from*?”


^("I have a cold…")

I sat back in my chair, this time leaning onto the desk with interlaced hands. *Yes, I’m certain now. The plan has changed.*

*I think I’ll just let them destroy themselves.*

------

*/r/resonatingfury*
