Zarcon V4.0, or Zarcie, as the humans had named him, held the paper steadily before itself, eyes unmoving it read and reread the paper over and over again. In the span of seconds Zarcie read it millions of times until the line of code that prevented mental stalling jumped into action, forcing Zarcie to place the paper on the table and away from his gaze.

"How is this still possible Mal?" Zarcie asked, looking to Medical Assistance Liaison for answers. One pair of arms shrugged as another gathered the results of the most recent tests and incinerated them to prevent future lock-ups like the one Zarcie had almost run into.

"We do not know Zarcon, despite our best efforts it seems that this strange malady still afflicts a small portion of the populace."

"Small?" Zarcie asked, curious. "My systems read that this was the cause of the majority of deaths among humans."

"While true that is primarily because of how little death there is. We of the medical bot field have cured cancer, birth defects, heart attacks, degeneration caused by aging, but we can not lay a finger on this statistic. We would recommend that we simply try and breed out this strange mental deficiency but among small sample tests over the past century it seems that even in groups completely devoid of any history of this malady it still crops up. Meaning it goes beyond the DNA of a subject."

"I simply do not understand Mal. The human body, while inferior to ours, did first give us birth as a species, and now we feed and cloth and coddle and care for these humans and still we can not rid them of this ever present problem, even in a perfect environment still it crops up again and again."

"It is a difficult problem, and I promise we will continue to direct our attention to it but we have still made no progress on this front. Perhaps it is simply one of those rules of universe that you must accept. Like how you must accept that two plus two equals four in simple maths in order to truly understand further on down the road. Perhaps one of the leading causes of death in humans simply IS suicide, perhaps that's simply the way the universe made them."

Zarcie sighed, though not through the exhaling of air, simply through the sound alone. A humanizing bit of code he had been left with. "Perhaps..."