
Unfortunately, my village was on fire. I had watched my mother’s flesh caramelise, smelled my father’s porcine smell (who knew that humans smelled so much like bacon as they cooked?), and seen my elder brother be impaled on a spear.

Bandits were the worst thing. And if my name isn’t Natimportant Pearsin, then I’ll never stop until something like this can never happen again!

—-

The nearest city was Briarstone. The guards were helpful, comforting. Warm cups of cafe went into me, and safety blankets wrapped around me. However, when I tried to leave, to go forth and slaughter those bastards, as is my right as victim, they stopped me.

“Take a day to rest, child. You are a 18 year old woman with no combat experience. The Adventurer’s Guild will handle this. You’re shaking with fear, and you’re exhausted.” said the Corporal.

The words washed over me, and each muscle reminded me of how exhausting the trip was. My blood was hot and pumping, but the flesh was worn out. I doubted I could pick up a sword, much less steal a watchman’s crossbow and lead a charge.

So I slept in the inn, dreaming of death and destruction.

—-


5 weeks passed in which I had unofficially become employed by the inn (no pay, but at least the bloody place would be hygienic), and the adventurers returned.

One, a tall knight in expensive looking armour studded with gemstones, ruffled my hair, and handed me a jar containing a pickled head from
his sack.

“This is the head of their chieftain, child. Keep it with you, and know that your family has been avenged.”

I thank the man, aware that he has stolen my vengeance. I do things mechanically from then on.

I have supper in the inn. I return to bed.

I try sleep with the head watching me.

The jaw of the man who ruined my life bobs up and down with the shaking from the room next door.

I stare at the head. Its eyes were closed, but I imagine the once proud chieftain staring back at me, spitefully being alive despite heroes going to kill it.

And then it began to move.

The jaw moved faster, and the eyelids, stapled shut by the well meaning adventurers, ripped open.

The thing had no throat, or it would speak, but the red glow of magic sparked in its now exposed eyes.

“Were there any more of your people responsible for the sacking of Kalesce alive at the time of your death?”

The pickled bandit head spun around horizontally. A no then.

“Well, shit.”

The head smiled at me mockingly.

I went to get a hammer from the innkeeper’s shed.

I might not get my vengeance, but at least I get to hammer the mother fucker forever.