Like many great things, it started with an accident – some scientist in Canada was messing around after work with his friends and decided to photoengrave the markings on a clay pot into a metal surface, then use a digital phonograph to scan them. He expected to ironically dance around to a terrible, grating song, and instead heard the first words ever recorded. They’ve been roughly translated from Egyptian, still not well understood by linguists:

>They come and teach us big triangles.

Of course, once news of this spread, conspiracies of every kind brewed across the world, whirling across the planet like they were being carried by Trade Winds. Not one of those conspiracies could even try to deny what ‘big triangles’ referred to, but who were ‘they’? Why would they teach the Egyptians how to build the Great Pyramids? These questions became driving forces in the scientific community and renewed vigor amongst archaeologists no longer in the background. Hundreds, maybe thousands of clay pots were examined, most of them duds.

Until three years later, when a vase in Cairo held another clip.

>Copper men happy with big triangles. Better than earlier buildings up North. Monsters move stone very good. Still not tell why.

This left much less to the imagination, erasing many of the original theories that another culture had taught them advanced building techniques or how to build rudimentary machines that hauled stone. No, something deeper, and far more unsettling was at play. Many decried it as a hoax, videos coming out where YouTubers showed how to make sound clips using clay pots. One of them put the first half of Rick Astley’s ‘Never Going to Give You Up’ on a vase, and society nearly dismissed the findings altogether because of it.

Another few years passed, quiet, unchanging. Memories of the clay pots, rumors of the hoax, they all eroded under the sands of time. Only a select few communities of conspiracy-theorists and, of course, a handful of determined scholars bothered to devote time on the matter. At least, until another clay pot was found in the outskirts of Giza. This one was harder to ignore. A warning.

>Not triangles. Doors. Copper men say Earth theirs. They change things, can't change sound. Writing not safe. Cannot fight.

------

*/r/resonatingfury*