The scythe was cold and heavy as Death laid it in the young man’s arms inside the village tavern.

‘Is this really necessary?’

OF COURSE IT IS.

The booming voice reverberated around him. Death seemed to watch him impatiently as he turned the tool over in his hands.

The man, a boy yesterday, continued to look at it with uncertainty.

‘But.. I mean.. Most of my friends got smith hammers, sewing needles, or bows! I’m sure I was due for a sword? Maybe?... Or at the are bare minimum some butchers’ cleavers? Are you sure you’ve got the right guy?’

The figure sighed, clearly exasperated with the boy-turned-man. Well, Death seemed to sigh; as much as an immortal figure lacking flesh on his face and lacking human emotions could be said to pull off such thing.

Death motioned at the scrawny form in front of him who’s teeth were biting over it’s bottom lip.

LOOK, IF YOU DON’T WANT IT, THERE ARE PLENTY OF OTHERS IN THE VILLAGE THAT WOULD LOVE TO HAVE THIS HONOUR BESTOWED UPON THEM.

‘Right, right,’ he accepted, not really thinking.

The man’s face creased up with the weight of his puny, worldly thoughts.

‘But me? ME? I’ve never swung so much as a dead cat in ‘ere!’ He exclaimed, looking around, a twinkle of misplaced adulthood and tomfoolery in his eyes.

THAT’S AN IDIOM. SOMETHING I STILL DON’T UNDERSTAND OF YOUR LIVING FOLK’S LANGUAGE. 

BUT STILL, YOU ALL SEEM TO FORGE AHEAD WITH THEM.

The scythe gleamed in the lamplight. Just as the tip of it came within inches of the mortal’s leg.

CAREFUL NOW. THAT’S A DANGEROUS PIECE OF EQUIPMENT YOU’RE HOLDI-

Death was interrupted mid-sentence. The scythe had glanced the young man’s leg. 

At the same time it resulted in the wispy form of a young man - of similar appearance to the one that was holding the scythe just prior - to appear beside the cloaked skeletal figure. The young man at the table slumped, the barkeep rushing to his side and slapping what he thought were the daylights out of him - but to no avail.

The wispy form looked up at Death.

‘Right, well… You could have told me about that a teeny weeny bit sooner’. 

Poking a wispy finger into the immortal form’s chest he mustered some ethereal courage and finished - ‘this is entirely on YOU!’.

Death seemed to sigh again, even more exasperated than before. Clicking his fingers, the wispy form of the young man, the scythe, and Death disappeared from the tavern.

The sound of several dozen pint glasses shattering in the tavern at that precise moment was - to the confusion of the police interviewing those at the scene not long after - apparently coupled with a strange, disembodied voice, calmly, or not calmly, saying:

DRATS


*This is entirely dedicated to the beautiful world created by Terry Pratchett*

