**full disclosure, this borrows pretty heavily from a particularly bad episode of ‘Gotham’ that I watched recently, I changed a number of details but if you’re a fan, maybe get up to date before reading because spoilers.**

The two men’s eyes were locked together, the battle for psychological supremacy beginning long before the inevitable physical contest.

On one side, stood Detective John Dempsey. A decorated cop who played by his own rules. Which were mostly the same as the rules of the police force because otherwise he’d have been suspended or maybe even fired. The benefits and pensions are really good for police officers, so John didn’t want to get fired.

Opposite him was Sabre Lagrange, a heartless and vicious mercenary, who John had served with in the military. They used to be friends but now they were enemies, which lent an air of tragic poignance to the battle, which wouldn’t have been there if they were just two random dudes.

They faced each other in the wreckage of a hospital which, to fully establish him as an evil maniac who we’ll be happy to see die at the end, Sabre was complicit in destroying, with hundreds of innocent people inside. Even worse, Sabre had kidnapped John’s ex-girlfriend and was holding her hostage in exchange for a microchip which proved his connection to the crime...wait, even worse? As in the kidnapping of this one woman is worse than the murder of...ok right never mind...

Behind Sabre, stood two heavily armed goons who we’ll call Merc #1 and Merc #2, because they aren’t really important except for as devices to keep the story moving at a few key points. You get the general idea I’m sure. They’re big, muscly, dressed in body armour, heavily armed, generic army guys. One of them is black maybe. Standing between them is a beautiful, statuesque brunette who we’ll just continue to call John’s ex-girlfriend. 

“Let’s get this over with” spat John, his lip curling with disgust as he held up the microchip, snapping it effortlessly in half with his thick sturdy fingers. “There, I destroyed it. Now give me the girl.”

Sabre laughed humourlessly, his eyes still locked on his rival’s. “You really think I’m that dumb John?” he said. “You think I don’t know you made a copy?”

John didn’t waver. “Of course I did Sabre,” he said. “It’s called insurance. I’ll give it to you as soon as the girl is safe.”

Of course if you think about it that doesn’t really solve the problem at all, because there could always be more copies right? I mean why even bother bringing the microchip if you knew you’d have to hand over another copy of the data later? Anyway...

“Or maybe I should just kill you both right now.” said Sabre. He pulled his gun and aimed it straight at John’s chest. A menacing smile spread slowly across his face.

Hmm, still doesn’t really solve the problem of the copies...one also has to wonder why he didn’t just do that straight away if that was his plan, but I’m sure the reasons will become clear later. 

John, stared Sabre down, raising has arms wide in a gesture of open defiance. “You really going to shoot an unarmed man Sabre?” he taunted. “I guess I shouldn’t have saved your life back in the war.”

“Still bragging about the time you pulled me out of that burning orphanage we had just bombed huh?” said Sabre, lowering his gun slightly. “Ok fine. Let’s do this your way; mano a mano.” He ejected the bullet from the chamber and pulled out the clip, letting them fall to the floor before tossing the gun after them. A slightly empty gesture, given the two heavily armed men standing just behind him, but whatever I guess. 

He leapt at John, grabbing him tightly around the waist and wrestling him to the ground. John was ready for him though, driving an elbow into his back which caused Sabre to cry out in a combination of pain and fury. He twisted away, both of them scrambling to their feet before squaring off again. 

This time John attacked first, a hard right cross crunching into Sabre’s jaw. Sabre fired back with a right of his own, to the body this time, which doubled John over, setting him up perfectly for a knee which Sabre drove viciously into his face a second later. John found himself on the ground for the second time in as many minutes but he wasn’t the type of man to stay down. 

From where he lay he kicked Sabre’s legs from under him, jumping in top of him as he lost his balance and pinning his arms to his sides with his legs. John then began raining blow after brutal blow down onto his face. Sabre tried to struggle against the onslaught but John was in complete control, at least until one of Sabre’s goons grabbed him from behind, throwing him to the ground and delivering a few brutal kicks to his ribs with his hobnailed boots. 

“That’s enough!” shouted Sabre once John had taken enough of a beating that he didn’t pose a threat anymore, “This is my fight!” John squirmed on the floor, spluttering in agony as he held his shattered ribs, a steady flow of blood oozing from between his lips. 

“Too bad things had to work out this way John!” Sabre taunted, watching as John crawled slowly over to where he had thrown the gun at the beginning of the fight but somehow failing to see the potential for John to grab and use said gun. “Maybe you’re right, I do owe you for what you did. That’s why I’ll have my men kill your ex-girlfriend somewhere out of sight. No need for you to see that.”

Sabre nodded to Merc #1 who grabbed John’s ex-girlfriend, and began to lead her away. Sabre glared down at John as he walked past him squirming in the dirt, perhaps deciding that it was a greater punishment to leave him alive to grieve his ex-girlfriend. Who knows, he seems to have changed his mind about whether he wants him dead or not like 5 times in the last 15 minutes.

Meanwhile, John had finally managed to crawl over to the gun. He loaded the clip back into it, cocked it, and aimed it at the kidnappers. “Not so fast” he growled, deciding not to shoot Sabre, or Merc #1 who was about the kill his girlfriend, but Merc #2, who probably just wanted to get home to his family. 

Merc #2 collapsed as Merc #1 returned fire, throwing John’s ex-girlfriend to the ground as he did so. She didn’t try to run or anything because that would have ruined the little finale that was being set up. She just kind of lay there and waited. 

Of course all of the bullets fired at relatively close range from Merc #1’s machine gun missed John, as he dived behind some rubble. Satisfied that John had learned his lesson and wouldn’t be trying to shoot him anymore, Merc #1 picked up John’s ex-girlfriend, turned his back and led her off to be shot. 

Slowly, cautiously, John edged out from behind the cover to rescue his ex-girlfriend. He was moving surprisingly well for someone who was clutching his broken ribs only a few moments ago. Are we blaming that on adrenaline? Wouldn’t he also have been hopped up on adrenaline during the fight though? Oh, ok fine, let’s just skim over that. 

So yes, John was cautiously, stealthily tracking Merc #1 when....wait you can’t be serious. Is this right? Sabre just comes up behind him and hits him with a metal bar?! Seriously? How the fuck did Sabre get behind him?! Did John just forget that Sabre was there?! 

Ok fine, so Sabre hits John with the bar and knocks him to the ground, but instead of just grabbing the gun, he decides to fight him again because that worked out so well for him last time. Punch, punch, kick, kick. probably some taunting.... This time, John punches Sabre and he stumbles backwards, impaling himself on a metal spike that was sticking out of a nearby wall. 

...Now I’m not an expert. I don’t know how much force would be required to drive a piece of metal entirely through the body of a man who by the way was wearing Kevlar body armour, gotta factor that in, but I’m guessing it would take more than the force generated by a punch. Still, we don’t have time to do the maths because just as Sabre is grimacing his final grimace, we hear a gunshot ring out. A look of terror etched itself across John’s face. His ex-girlfriend!

He runs over to the source of the shot), did I mention who well he’s moving now?), but it’s not his girlfriend lying on the ground, it’s Merc #1. Yes, through some sequence of  events which thank God I’m not going to have to narrate as if they are even vaguely plausible, John’s ex-girlfriend managed to get his gun away from him and shoot him, even though she’s only half his size, has no training, and has arms that looks like pipe cleaners. Girl Power! 

John walks up to her and kisses her manfully, then they probably fuck right there in the middle of the rubble because why not? I don’t care. The end. 
