“And what is this one?” asked John as he pulled the heavy sword from its sheath. The handle of the sword was covered in a thick coat of dust, but the blade shone like a full-moon, even in the dim light of the torchlit cave. 

“You are holding in your hands Excalibur, the sword of the late King Arthur. Have you heard of him? It is quite heavy and was magical only in the hands of Arthur himself … if it is a sword you are after, might I recommend Tyrfing.” the old man pulled another sword from the shelf, this one with a golden hilt. “This was the sword used by the grandson of Odin, forged by two of the greatest smiths who ever walked the Earth. Dwarven smiths...whose art has been lost to time. A mediocre blade by Dwarven standards would be considered a masterpiece in the eyes of anyone else.”

“I have heard of this sword,” said John, as he freed Tyrfing from its sheathe. The blade glowed like a fire, illuminating the cave. In the soft glow of the blade he could see clearly the Old Man's face. The Old Man had a large zit on his nose and no teeth. He was also missing his left eye, but wore no eye-patch. “It is a cursed blade, if I remember correctly.”

“Was a cursed blade. Once upon a time. The curse has served its purpose. I am no djinn, and I receive no pleasure from trickery. I would not give you any weapon that would do you harm. This sword will never strike foul, and can cut through rock and iron as though it were cutting silk bedsheets. A finer sword has never been forged.”

“It is a fine sword. However, I might attract too much attention back home, carrying around a broadsword. Do you have something...something, I don't know, a little less outdated? 

“We have a fine selection of bows,” the old man said scurrying to a rack on the opposite side of the cave from where John stood holding the golden-handled sword. “Allow me to present Vijaya.” 

The old man held up a dark longbow that glowed here and there with a faint blue light. “This was the bow of Shiva, passed down to some of the greatest and most feared warriors of all time. It is a weapon blessed by powerful and ancient magic, guaranteeing victory to whomever wields it. And I will also mention it was crafted with an unbreakable string.” As he said this, the old man plucked the bowstring as though it were the cord of some harp, and suddenly the sky coughed forth a rumbling so loud that it shook the very cave, and the torches lining the walls cowered, and  it was several moments before John could see anything at all.

“That might be a little...high caliber for my purpose,” Said John. “Tell me about that bow over there,” Newt pointed at another, smaller bow on the weapon rack. 

“Ah, a fine instrument indeed. That is Sharanga, the bow of Vishnu.” The Old Man picked up a gilded longbow.”

“Not that one,” interrupted John. “The little one on the left.”

“That is the bow of Cupid. Anyone who is shot by an arrow fired from Cupid's bow is filled with the most...”

“Everyone knows how Cupid's bow works,” interrupted John. “Anyone who is shot with it will fall desperately, head over heels in love, or lust, or whatever.” 

“It is not so simple as that,” said the Old Man. “The bow brings from men not just love, but passion. Pure, raw, passion. Men shot with an arrow from this bow have fought off whole armies, defied kings and gods alike, and even written grand symphonies. This bow is capable of much more than matchmaking.”

Newt began to scratch at his head, not knowing which weapon to choose. He took another look around the dim cave. Everywhere sat artifacts that could kill scores of men, even in untrained hands. Some of the weapons could conquer whole armies. A few could even destroy Gods. But Newt was not a violent man. He had served in the war because England needed him, and he had fought with courage out of love for the men next to him. 

John had no enemies and no need of vengeance, but he knew he could not leave the cave empty-handed. He walked through the weapons once more. Past broadswords and war hammers. He walked past Thor's hammer and the giant bow of Osiris. Past the unbreakable shield of dreams, and the staff of Monkey King, until he was distracted by a faint whispering that seemed to come from the darkest corner of the cave. 

The whispering grew louder as John stepped into the darkness, into a puddle of murky, thick liquid that he hoped against hope was only water. John took another step and immediately raised his foot high, as a searing pain shot through his leg.

“Are you quite all right?” Asked the Old Man.

“I think I stepped on a nail,” responded John. “I certainly hope it was not dipped in concentrated poison from the basilisk.”

“Impossible,” said the Old Man, missing John's joke. “I keep the basilisk poison in the locked box next to the armor of Achilles.”

On his hands and knees John reached down and pulled from a murky puddle a single feather. The feather was whispering words John could almost understand. It spoke in a language of absolute grace, and unparalleled cruelty. It was the language of a thousand unknown worlds.

“Ah, there it is!” cried the Old Man. “The quill of the phoenix. It went missing some time ago. I had begun to believe that one of your predecessors had stolen it.”

“And who has wielded this weapon?” asked John. 

“Homer, William Shakespeare, and a dozen others whose names were forgotten by history.” 

“I have made my selection,” said John. 

“Are you certain?” asked the Old Man.

“The pen is mightier than the sword, they say,” said John.

“That may or may not be true. It depends on the writer. With a sword you could forge an empire.”

“But with this I can create a universe.”

