Raven slumped in his saddle. The horses gait, a brisk trot - jolting painfully and leaving his head addled. He was unable control his horse due to the blindfold his escorts had bid him don about two leagues out of Dunedale. 

"Its for your safety as much as ours." Lugas had said as he slipped it over my head. 

"If you knew the path to our secret hall, there is worse then men out their who would seek the knowledge you gained." had come the voice of Lugh in agreement with his brother. Only to be harshly interrupted by a voice.

"But our safety more so then yours." the voice belonged to Lleu. 

"while you may have my brothers convinced, I will be keeping a close eye on you. Raven. If I hear you have been telling people of our encounter you will have my spear to answer to." He said, his piercing gaze analyzing Ravens reaction carefully, looking for a hint of a whisper on his tongue, a fraction of doubt in his gaze.

"So be it." Raven said. And Lleu nodded solemnly. His mouth moved though Raven heard no sound, his hand passed Ravens face in a gesture covering his eyes and his world went dark.

They let him keep his bow, though what use was it to a blind man?   
  
The four of them traveled a dozen leagues up and through the highlands of the eastern isles, and into the dark green pines of the woods at the base of the spine. Raven knew this because the jolting of the horses footfall was muffled, giving him some respite as they neared the destination. Just before our arrival  a steep assent was made into the mountains via some doubtlessly secret path the triplet brothers lead him through. Raven could hear the grating of stone as what he guessed was a door being opened. 

His guess proved to be a good one, as Ravens vision came flooding back, revealing a hall. The sight of the grand hall was dazzling both in spectacle and visually, as he was accustomed to the absolute black of Lleu's arcane eye covering. Raven rubbed his eyes, trying to bring them back into focus, as he regained his vision it became immediately apparent that the hall was perhaps more aptly named and armory. no, better yet. A forge. Standing there greeting him, was the Journeyman himself. The journeyman extended and hand a clasped ravens firmly. 

"Greetings to you Raven, your father told me to give you a gift, to make your justice swift in these troubled times and bade me open my forge to your service." His voice was low and gruff, though pleasant on the ear, unlike the words, which re opened the still healing wounds of grief in my mind and spurred me to anger. 

"Then it will pain you to learn that my father was slain two moons ago. By raiders who put the town to fire and sword." The Journeyman's face showed a flash of surprise, then quickly creased into sadness.

"And there was no finer man to look after your mother. Though all will be clearer in time. Come, I have arranged quarters for you to rest and eat in." 

***

I was still pondering the Journeyman's cryptic comments the next morning as I made my way to his chambers for a private audience. He stood at the door speaking with Lugas, who left as i arrived giving me an encouraging grin. 

"come, your father made it clear that no blade was off limits." Said the Journeyman. I followed him through the door and into the room. It was empty save for a heavyset iron bound oak door, i could hear a faint and high pitch thrum reverberating through the thick door. 

"do you hear that? I asked" 

"hear what?" 

He clearly didn't. It was persistent, yet faint enough that maybe only I could hear it. It sounded as though it was coming from the other side of the door. The Journeyman moved a hand into one of the leather pockets of his apron and retrieved a set of keys on in iron ring and inserted an ornate looking one into the lock, clicking open the first lock, then he opened the second lock with  arcane sorcery, sending the door sliding inwards, beckoning us in. 

The room was unassuming, and decidedly under equipped to be called an armory, only two blades faced me. The blade on the right hand side of the room, was one id heard of before, though only in the saga's. The blade of Belierian. The left side of the room was dominated by a sword thrust into the heart of a druid obelisk stone. though it was the black sword on a little table across the hall, covered in dust that was clearly the source of the thrum that swelled in my ears deafeningly, restrained no longer by the thick oak of the door. Faintly through the roar I could hear the journeyman speaking. 

"I know what your thinking, and your right. That is the blade of Belierian, though how i came into its possession is a story war to long to be told in ..." 

His voice faded into ringingthrum that was all I could hear as I stepped closer to black sword. Driven by fate, by destiny, by magic and prophecy past the two swords of legend and saga. The frenetic thrum rose to a fever pitch as I reached out towards the hilt and grasped the fell blade. The sound crashed to a halt. The sword suddenly foreign and alien in my hands, a thought in my mind not quite my own that lead my hands to draw the sword from its sheath. I gazed at the glossy black of the blade, like no steel the world has known and as i  gazed into it the sword spoke to me.  

"long have I waited for you Raven" 

I turned to face the Journeyman, unsure if he had heard the voice as well. His face was grey. 







 