 It was almost time. I looked around the meager apartment I was staying in, since “the event” I tend to like places that are higher up…you never know what’s going to be at the ground level looking for you.  

One last time I open the door and there it is, the fresh package of Oreo’s sitting on my doorstep. Just like last month and just like the month before. It was a novelty at first and now it’s just a reminder of how things have gotten so screwed up. I picked them up and threw them into the Oreo room…there were hundreds of packages in there now.  

I stopped eating those years ago. I look over at the wall again. Tick Tock goes the clock, counting down second by second. The last time I saw a person was 8 years ago. I suppose there aren’t many of us left at all. I did see a horrific looking animal, I think it was a squirrel, but with 2 deformed heads it’s sort of hard to tell. I look back at the clock. I’m not sure if I want it to go faster or slower.  

Everything worth anything I keep in a sack, only the essentials and a piece of paper. I start to gather my things not sure if I’ll need them or not. It’s almost time. Aw screw it. I pick up the paper and then I hear the chimes of the clock. Almost simultaneously I hear knocking on my door. I take the folded up piece of paper; it looks slightly yellow after all this time, and I decide I’ll take it with me and kick the rest aside.  

I steel my nerves and answer my door and there he is looking just like it was yesterday when it’s been 30 years. Is it wrong to want to live when so many are dying? First the bombs dropped. I guess if you got the bombs you were one of the lucky ones. Then the plagues came and the sickness and as I lay dying I tried to cling to my life and made the only deal that I could to prolong it, so I sold my soul, you would think there was an age requirement for such a thing but it's time to collect.  

I looked at the contract one last time, a promise that I would be fed once a month. The sadistic bastard tortured me with the one thing I could never stomach. Every month they came, whether I was huddled up in an isolated cabin or living in a hi-rise, every god forsaken month. At least the bastard could have sent some milk.