Coincidence. That's all. He's watching a different game on his phone, but with the same teams. An old game. And what happened in *that* game was the same play that just happened in *this* game. That's all, Tom. You're not going crazy.

It's just history repeating itself.

Still, I shift closer, leaning forward and watching the game for a few seconds on his phone's display, before glancing up and watching the same exact play unfold on the field.

Touchdown.

The crowd around me roar. 

Anxiety swells in my stomach, accompanied by a cool sweat pooling on my forehead. I examine the man in front of me. Middle aged, dark hair peppered with greys. Fashionable stubble. A big puffy jacket. Nothing out of the ordinary.

I decide to say something to the man, when he turns his head to me.

"How the hell are you watching a live game on your phone half a minute in advance?"

My mouth is wide open, and those are my words, but they did not fall out of my mouth. The man... beat me to them.

 "That's... That's what I was going to ask," I say. 

He grins. "I know. Just like I know in three minutes from now you ask if I have a channel showing your home so you can check on your labradour, to which I reply, yes. Then, you see your wife on the sofa riding Bill from next door, at which point you--"

A bolt of anger shoots through me. I raise my hand out. "What are you talking about? How do you know I've got a dog? Or about my neighbours? Have you been spying on me?" My hand balls into a fist.

 "I've seen everything, Tom. Watched every channel a hundred times." He holds his phone out. There's another touchdown. "And for a record breaking game like this, I decided it would be fun to come watch it in person."

 The anger melts into laughter. This is a joke. It's got to be. Someone's set me up. "Did--"

 "No, your wife did not put me up to this."

 A roar leaps from the crowd as there's another score. My anxiety turns into a sick feeling, creeping up my stomach. The man touches the screen. "This particular device is tuned, at the moment, only thirty seconds ahead of now. And it's going to be a gift for you, that may, or may not, save your life today."

 The screen has changed. It is now a side view of me and the man. "What?" I look to my left, searching for the camera. "Where the fuck is it?"

 "It doesn't work like that, Tom. I can make it show anywhere. It doesn't need cameras." 

This can't be real. "Okay," I say, thinking back on our conversation. "If you can see anywhere, show me Zeb, my--"

But he has already run his finger along the screen; the picture flicks to a feed in my lounge. My hands begin to tremble, part rage, part fear. It is not my labradour on the screen.

How could Sophie do this to me? "This... This isn't real."

 "Do you think you will still love her?" he asks. "Even after what she does?"

 I barely hear him. Scalding tears run down my cheeks. 

 "Because this is what happens in seven hours." The screen changes. Same room, but darker. It takes me a moment to spot her. To see her body limp on the floor, a pool of red spread beneath it, dyeing the cream carpet.

 "I'm going to put it back to a thirty second gap now. Then, it's up to you to save her. Or not. To save yourself. Or not."

I don't notice the feeling until it's too late. Hot vomit forces it's way up my throat. I turn to my side and am sick over a very large man's leg. 

He growls at me, shouting and waving his hand. I try to explain what's happened. What the man with the phone predicted. But when I turn to point at him, he's gone. His seat empty, somehow. Surely I'd have noticed him push through the crowd.

On his seat lies the tiny silver device. It's focussed on me.

I watch myself on the display as I lean forward and grab it, surreptitiously placing it in my jacket pocket. Then, I barge my way out of the row of spectators.

I take a long deep breath. 

---

Part 2: https://www.reddit.com/r/nickofnight/comments/aeh9cm/the_broadcast_2/?
