It had already been a long, frustrating day when Alice poured out her story, eyes shining bright as she tried to tug him into the bathroom. She was pointing at the wall, where a picture hung that they'd picked up at a garage sale a few weeks ago. They'd laughed about it, a rather tacky oil painting of scattered stars. 

"You touch it with the intention of travelling there, and I swear to you, we'll wake up in another dimension. I know it sounds crazy, David, but I've been there for a millennium. You don't really *age* there," she said. "You can live for centuries. It's like Earth, if everything were perfect, you know? And we can have a life there, we really can -"

He pulled his hand free, the pointless anger that had gnawed at him all day finding its outlet. "This isn't funny. I know I've been struggling with the book, but making up some fantasy bullshit story isn't the way to make me feel better, alright?"

She looked like he had slapped her, eyes wide and bewildered.

"Oh, the writing," she said slowly. "God, it's been so long, I forgot. A sci-fi novel, wasn't it? Okay, but you can publish your book there. They'll love it, I know they will. Please, David, just give it a chance? It's a perfect life, I made sure of that before coming back. It's *our* perfect life, waiting for us. You wouldn't believe the technology they have available there, for a start. I can't explain it all, you'll have to come see."

He felt his stomach drop - so this was her way of telling him she wanted out. Life wasn't perfect, he knew that. They had unpaid bills and the rejection letters for his novel was becoming an embarrassingly tall pile. But why couldn't she just talk about it like a normal person, instead of wrapping her resentment in this fable? Alice had a vivid imagination, one that surpassed his own, most of the time - it's why he'd married her. But this was taking it too far.

"I'm going out," he snapped, brushing off the placating hand she laid on his shoulder. "Don't get lost in that other dimension you're so fond of while I'm gone, alright?"

Her eyes were bright with tears as he turned and walked out. "Maybe I will. Don't expect me to be waiting for you when you finally arrive."

He walked for fifteen minutes, the anger in him gradually fading as he took deep breaths of the chill night air. He had overreacted, as usual. When he returned, calling Alice's name, she was gone. Probably went to her sister for comfort, who lived a few streets down from them. David found himself approaching the picture in the bathroom despite himself, tracing a finger down the paint. Alternate dimensions, of all things. 

He sighed and leaned against the wall, guilt rising in him as he saw again the flash of hurt in Alice's eyes. She'd only been trying to make him feel better, in her own strange way, he should get a grip on his temper. It was a nice thought, living in a world where there would be no disappointment, where they could live forever. It was - 

He sank to his knees as a wave of nausea overwhelmed him, and his vision narrowed to a black tunnel. He closed his eyes, struggling not to vomit. When he opened them again, he was crouched on a sleek tiled floor. A uniformed man was steadying him, wearing a small, welcoming smile.

"Greetings, traveler. My name is Jacques Sol, I'm glad to welcome you to our plane," he said. "Name and dimension?"

Somehow, he answered the question automatically. "David Hanson."

"Dimension?" the man prompted him.

"I - I'm from Earth," he said. 

"That's not exactly what I mean. Your first time travelling between dimensions?" Jacques chuckled as he pulled a device from his pocket and quickly typed something into it. "Let me check your name, that should help this along...."

He frowned suddenly, as David scraped his wits together to ask another question. "Where's my wife? Alice? Alice Hanson? She said she'd been here for a long time...a really long time, I think."

"Yes. One of our permanent residents, and she left specific instructions regarding you," Jacques said politely, shutting off the device and glancing up to meet David's gaze. "It's been too long, Mr Hanson. Sixty millennia, to be exact. A long time to keep a woman waiting. However, you will be glad to know your wife entered you into our Memory Utility Stimulation Extreme program, to be executed if you should ever arrive. Looks like it's your lucky day - not many get to participate in this exclusive program! Congratulations!"

"A program?" he managed to say, one of the thousand question that crowded his mind. Jacques gave another polished smile.

"Just know that MUSE has worked out well for a number of visitors from your plane. Normally, you would recall nothing of this visit upon your return to your home dimension. But *you'll* be guaranteed happiness to make up for your loss."

"Loss?" David had time to ask, as Jacques crouched down and pressed something against his temple. A cool, slim piece of metal.

"Don't worry, you won't remember that part anyway, with any luck," Jacques whispered, as he closed his eyes, the world swimming out of focus. "You'll be home soon, Mr Hanson."

-----------------

David sat up with a groan, trembling on the bathroom floor. How much had he drank? He couldn't remember. He couldn't remember anything except the dream, its vivid details etched into his mind and demanding to be written down. He grinned and struggled to his feet, feeling a soaring lift to his mood despite the sick feeling in his stomach.

He had an idea. Alternate dimensions, lovers separated by space and time - it was good stuff. He needed to get started immediately.

He looked back once at the blank bathroom wall and walked to his office, his footsteps echoing in the empty house, dismissing the nagging feeling that something was missing. Something vital. 

Ridiculous. He had blank pages that could be filled, and that was all that mattered, wasn't it?

-----------
Hope you enjoyed my story! You can find more of my work on /r/Inkfinger/.