###Sweet malady

Rapture, a feeling of awe, of joy, the melody of the wind under his robe, the whitest hands, so otherworldly, so divine, it all sent chills down her spine and a gulp down her throat. His steps so constant and decisive as he neared the body of her father. She had cried, she had cried much before his death, and after his death her eyes were dry and her throat sore, but as the Reaper came, his might and divinity filled her lungs with the heat of passion. He emitted an uncomfortable superiority and arrogance, yet an elegance never seen before. A God would give this feeling, and had she known this nothing would have changed. She just wanted to revere him, not even to touch him, but even then she raised her hand to touch his robe, and a slight feeling of cold electricity filled her hand instead of touch. She wanted to cry again, this time from joy and admiration.

And as he left, his unsounding steps left a pain within her body, as if by leaving he had ripped a part of her that wanted to see him for all eternity, leaving a wound in her heart. She screamed in despair, ‘NO!’, but he didn’t turn back. Her heart thumped in her chest and she started panting even before she ran before him, but when he reached the doorway, carrying a white, ghostly copy of her father’s body, he became fog and the fog became air and nothing was seen in the surroundings. She felt like she had just had a dream, the most awe-inspiring dream, and loneliness filled her heart. Her father was gone, and this beautiful soul that roamed the world was a drop of hope in her life.

She went to sleep, and as she thought of him every second that passed, a sweet sad smile covered her face as slumber took over her, and in her dreams, he saw him ever-fading, not quite as solid and magnificent as in reality. The next morning, she made breakfast and looked out the window, thinking with melancholy of the night before, when her father had died, but this sad night was now the night when she had seen the Reaper, the most beautiful being in existence. And as she looked out, voices could be heard outside playing. So happy, yet oblivious of the beauty even beyond their dreams. She ate heartily and happily. Then, for a week, all she thought was of the Reaper, but life took over and she had her own worries, but every night, in the loneliness of the night, she wished to see him, and there was no way for her to do that, unless… and she remembered the kids playing outside the morning after that fateful night. She knew the Reaper was beautiful in the night, when his robe shone like the moon and the stars over the dark sky. She wondered, very much, what he would look like in the day.

And so, the next day, she hit the road to the forsaken lands, right outside the city, where the poor lived and thrived in how forgotten they were by the law. As she window-shopped, she wondered who would come into her car, then she remembered a past friend a few blocks away, the one who sold things as dark as death itself —thought as such for good reason. She entered a shanty house and found the man sitting on a dirty, broken sofa.

—Dear, I did reject your offer once —she said while she sat next to him on the rags—, but I have reconsidered your offer.

—Baby, you know I can give you anything you want —he replied with his typical arrogance.

She carried the darkest things in the world to her car and hit the road again, leaving an astounded man behind her. She went further into the wilderness of civilization, into the lands covered by trees and weeds, passed by the first garbage-digger and offered him some food. The dark-skinned young man knew not to trust her, but his awful hunger betrayed his good sense. As he approached the car, she raised the longest revolver he had ever seen.

—Come in or I’ll fill you with lead —she said in an unnaturally thick Venezuelan accent. Maybe she was mocking him, he thought, by using the words of the poor against him, but he obeyed nonetheless. He entered through the back door as she commanded and cuffed himself to the back of the passenger’s seat. She raised the dark-tinted windows and parted into the unknown. When they stopped, she wore a red hoodie, the only hoodie she had, and came to the back to take him out. It was early in the afternoon. She gave him a very tasty-looking sandwich.

—Eat up. Make sure to enjoy it. You won’t have another —she mentioned with kindness, now with a normal middle-class accent.

As he heard those words, he dreaded the future. His heart beat faster and he almost cried.

—But miss, what have I done to you? —he unsuccessfully pleaded right before she placed the revolver against his head.

—You can die before eating if you want —she threatened.

And with regret deep in his guts, he sat down against the car and ate heartily, strangely grateful for the sandwich as his hunger passed. And for some reason he could never understand, he said after he ate and touched his stomach.

—Thank you, girl.

—Get up —she approached him wielding the gun toward him. She led him next to a tree —turn toward the tree and hug it.

The weirdest paradox of the human race is that even while knowing they will certainly die, people with a gun to their heads are not very willing to fight for their lives —because they fear death. He hugged the tree as she said, then felt as indescribable pain tore his lungs, his stomach, his lower back, and then his consciousness faded. She turned the body over and looked at his face, now expressionless, even though he had died in pain. His eyes were wet. He had cried. For a moment, she was enveloped with a sweet melancholy. She smiled and caressed his face.

—You’re very handsome. Don’t let anyone tell you otherwise —she whispered to him furtively and waited for the longest minute in her life, then the second longest minute. Then she knew she had failed somewhere and the Reaper was not coming. She cried over the dead man’s body.

—I’m sorry! I’m so sorry! —she wailed over his body, and suddenly she felt electricity take over her body. She felt the cold air of divinity take over her, and then separate itself from her. She turned around and saw the fog dispersing. The Reaper had come and she had not been able to see it, but even that feeling of divinity was worth it. It was incomparable to any drug she had taken before. It was real, so real, yet so overwhelming, so sublime.

And from then on, in this lawless wilderness, she preyed on the most vulnerable and gifted them death. She was better every time, scourging the streets, but the poorest knew nothing, for mysterious death is usual in these lands. The only ones who knew were the police and herself.


In the CICPC forensics department, Juan Miguel Berríos Colmenares read over a file and saw the body that had just been described for him. He sat in front of it and moved the chair even closer, almost breathing over the little boy through the mask. As an excellent profiling expert, he was filled with a feeling he had never felt. This body fit the profile perfectly: it was almost as if he could feel the love exuding from every stab wound. Their stomachs were full with expensive ingredients although they were poor. He knew from the proportions described in the file that every meal was delicious. Every victim was covered with a motherly feeling. It was absurd, he knew, but he could not think of anything else. It was as if, to every victim, the killer had *gifted* death, as if every puncture had been given as a caress. He looked at the child through the killer’s eyes and breathed in her tenderness.