"Fuck it. Fuck it all."

The man turned around, his eyes set.

"Summon Cthulu."

"Yes sir."

As the assistant hurried away, the General refocused his eyes on the screen at the front of the room. All the leaders of the world were seated with him. All of them knew how crazy it was to summon Cthulu. But they all also knew that he was their only chance.

So they sat and waited.

*****

"Cthulu?"

The voice sounded distant, muffled, like he was under an ocean of water. He opened his eyes from meditation and looked round. The mouth on his desk seemed to be the source of noise. He went over and pressed a button. The mouth started to move.

"Cthulu? You there? Finally." There was a sigh of relief, before the mouth started to move again. "There's been a situation. We, we need your help."

He almost smiled. These humans, after hating him, cursing him, and making a mockery of his name, for thousands of years, were now turning to *him* for help in their most desperate hour. *The cheek.* Nonetheless, he would answer their call. Humans had always fascinated him. Besides, he felt good about today.

"Tell the Council I'll be there."

*****

As expected, the members of the Council were nervous. Leaders of the world as they were, not many of them had never seen Cthulu. In a way, besides Cthulu, no one had actually seen what Cthulu really looks like. It is said that his true form is so terrible that even its sight is enough to decimate whoever lays eyes upon Cthulu.

"Explain."

And so the General did, all the while mopping his copiously sweating face with a hankerchief. When he finished, he practically collapsed into a chair. It was clear that he was nervous, nontheless he gave a detailed and accurate rundown of the events that led up to now, all in record time and somehow managing to prevent his voice from cracking.

"So, put simply, you want me to destroy some aliens. Correct?"

The General nodded, barely able to meet his gaze.

"Very well. I'll be back in, let's say, half an hour?"

*****

In fact, it only took Cthulu 5 minutes.

As it turns out, the humans reports were somewhat exaggerated. The aliens were no match and he even managed to treat himself to coffee while obliterating the ensuing enemies. He returned to the Council, still sipping his warm coffee.

"So you defeated them?"

"Obviously. Why else would I be here?"

"Thank you, we are-"

"There is one more thing."

Instantaneously, the entire room had his attention. Everyone eyed him ominously.

"Ever watched the Dark Knight? There's this character, called the Joker. And there's this one scene, kind of like this one, but it was more like a hood version of this. Anyway. "If you're good at something, never do it for free." So my price is... let's just say that you're gonna have a bad time.'

And then the screams began. 

He knew it was going to be a good day.