"Who the Fuck are you people?! I'm going to call the police!" The woman screamed. 

My head hurt, and she most definitely wasn't helping. She had asked us this for the past 20 mins, and didn't seem to accept that none of us knew the answer to that. I left the others to deal with that headache of a woman. There were only 5 of us in the house as far as I could tell, and unless we were kidnapped I'd assume it was our house. Two women one in her 40's another looking to be in her late teens to early 20's. Then 3 guys to complete the package of lost explorers. One a grown man with a balding head, and a poor comb-over covering it, he looked to be in his late 40's. Me who seemed to be in his early 20's, and if my teeth were any indication ate way too much candy for a man my age. Lastly, a young boy looking to be about 5 who hadn't stopped crying since he first woke up. All of us were African-Americans, but besides that we didn't bear any real resemblance to each other. Well as far as I could tell, people always suck at judging themselves I guess.

"Christ do I always internally monologue this much?" I asked aloud going into what I'm guessing was a living room. 

I had been pacing around the 2 story house looking for clues into who we all were. I found pictures of all of the adults in what seemed like collegiate gear from varying schools, with degrees siting up proudly above the fireplace.

"That's a fire hazard if I've ever seen one" I said aloud.

"What do you mean?" It was the man from before who had followed me I could still hear the boy crying in the kitchen with the other 2. 

"Those degrees they have names on them I'm assuming that's who we are.... Thompsan? Who the fuck spells Thompson with an A?" A feminine voice came from behind us.

Me, and the older man turned around to see the two women the little boy was clinging to the youngest women's leg while the oldest woman stood just outside the room looking like she wanted to abandon us. 

"I don't know, I didn't pick it, but I think these names up here belong to the adults. Sorry little guy looks like you're still nameless for a bit." I said to the scared boy behind her leg.

4 names printed in different colors on the degrees Gennie, Terrence, Mason, and Matilda.

"Those aren't the most bland young adult fiction names I ever heard....I think" The younger woman said behind me. 

"I call Mason he has a degree in engineering!" The oldest man said. 

"Does that even matter? If you don't know engineering what the heck does a degree help for?" I asked him.

"You're just mad cause you have a Bachelor in English, and no job Terrence" He snapped back.

"What kind of sense is that what are you 12?!" I yelled.

"Matilda..." came a weak voice from behind us.

We turned to the oldest woman in the back still hanging around the outside of our group.

"I like Matilda.. I'd like that name" Matilda said more confidently.

"Cool guess that makes me Gennie the.... IT graduate with a master's niceee" said Gennie the youngest woman. 

"Alright so what are we calling him" asked Matilda pointing to the small elephant in the room.

This boy was not coping well at all, and not having a name seemed to be making it worse. Big globs of tears were forming in his eyes, and I could almost feel how strong his wailing was about to be.

"Cory how about that? You like Cory, boy?" Mason asked.

"He's not a dog dude" I said stopping Mason from clapping his heavy hands together like it would make the boy come to him "... but yeah Cory you like that name?" I asked.

Cory's mouth closed he seemed to feel a little better as he nodded his head up, and down slowly.

"Good I was gonna call him midget or something mean if he cried again" I said breaking the semi-happy moment. "Now that that's settled, and we have names, let's go around the circle, and share an interesting fact" I finished as I walked out the room. 

Everyone seemed confused by my sudden tone change, and so was I, but everything had just hit me. Here we were walking around with either incorrect, or created names in the case of Cory. We still had no idea why we had no memories, and I got a serious migraine forming. 

"So what's the next move then grumpy since I forgot my interesting fact this morning." Mason snipped back with honestly a pretty good comeback.

"We go outside maybe knock on a door get help...If we have neighbors I mean" I scanned out the window a few people had wandered outside some seemed to be lost, and looking around another one was rocking back in forth under a tree.

"I'm guessing we aren't the only ones with memory issues" I said

"We can't go outside with Cory we have no idea what's going on, and we don't have enough information about what is out there" Gennie responded.

"That's a valid point, but we can't just leave him here by himself" Mason said.

"I'll stay inside I don't want to go out there" Matilda responded still standing in the doorway.

"Cool, we have a sitter!" I said ready to get out this house. 

"No, I don't trust her she woke us all up, and threatened us... Sorry" Gennie sarcastically finished. 

"Okay, Gennie how about this you know we all have the same last name, and unless we have some weird murder, family replacement fetish it's a safe bet to assume that's her kid or relative. So how about we all come together here, and get moving." I clapped my hands together as I finished my miniature rant. 

"I guess that makes sense it's kind of a longshot though" Gennie said staring Matilda down. 

"Wow a whole Master's degree with no common sense amazing" Mason finished strolling towards the door. "I don't get why you're all so paranoid anyways" He said gripping the handle. 

"What's the worse thing that could be outside?" He opened the door to screams, and a man standing in the street with a gun to his head.

"THE VOICES WILL STOP IF I DO!" 

**BANG**

Mason slammed the door in time for Me and Gennie to watch the man's body hit the ground.

"Okay, so I was definitely wrong Plan B anybody?" He said his eyes looking wild.