It was inevitable. Blinded by pride and ambition, I had published my findings to the world, creating a huge storm of controversy and a rush for power by many governments. I was on top of the world - the prodigy scientist, recipient of a Nobel Prize, appearing on countless talk shows, getting invited to parties with the world's richest and most powerful people - this was everything I had ever dreamed of when I began my search for immortality.

The thrill of being immortal soon faded. Within a couple of years, I began to lose interest in things. There was no longer a need for me to go out and do whatever it was that I wanted. Why the rush? I would be here forever. There would always be a time for me to bungee jump or skydive. I would always have this 31-year-old body in its physical prime. There was just no motivation for me to achieve anything. You know that rush you get when a deadline approaches and the spike in productivity to meet it? I had lost that feeling forever.

Nevertheless, it was not a lack of meaning to life that eventually made me decide to pick up that card and call Death. It was the rest of the world catching up to my scientific breakthrough. Due to a lack of fast and effective regulation and an immense demand driving the black market, the world was soon becoming populated with immortals. Without a life cycle, the earth was quickly overpopulated. More were being born everyday but less and less people were dying. Within a few generations, the world was soon devoid of any mortals. And yet the babies kept on coming.

With the huge strain on natural resources and the dwindling space left on earth, governments soon resorted to culling people. Every year, based on the number of new births, an equal number of people were put down in order to maintain the population at a sustainable level. It was based on a lottery with complex rules dictating your chances of being selected - whether you held an important job, your age, your family, and a million other factors. I detested the very idea of such homicide, but there was no other option. In states where the government refused to adopt such measures, people soon resorted to killing each other. There was just no way to win this - the world was pouring billions of dollars into funding space travel and the discovery of other habitable planets but to no avail.

With no way out and no desire to live in such a world anymore, I called Death. I hesitated as I keyed Death's number into my phone. How ridiculous, I thought, a scientist calling a supernatural being. The dial tone was exactly the same as any other call. I wasn't sure what I was expecting. Some otherworldly noise perhaps? But definitely not this. When Death picked up, I felt an immediate sense of familiarity despite our meeting being hundreds of years ago.

"Yes, I have been expecting you," Death said quietly.

"Why me?"

"Because you are the only one who can heal this world," came the calm reply. "You, the pioneer of immortality, are the only one who can prevent this."

"But how can I do that? The process is irreversible."

"Not unless you never discovered the secret to immortality."

There was a pause. I heard Death sigh, and I knew what he wanted me to do. I closed my eyes and nodded despite the fact that it was a phone call, and when I opened my eyes again I was standing in the very room that I had been in when I finished the serum and injected myself with it. I was looking at myself, at the same body I had inhabited for the past centuries. That look of exuberance on my face at my discovery, the joy of achievement and progress. A feeling I had lost over the years that I was immortal. I steeled my grip over the scythe I was now holding on to, and - before I could protest or lose my nerve - cut the head cleanly off my past self. 

"Thank you," Death whispered from beside me. "You did the right thing."

"Why didn't you just kill me then? Why wait for me to come to you, then send me back to this moment and do it myself?"

"I couldn't kill you. You were immortal," came the bemused reply. "You had beaten Death."

"Then how did I.." I frowned. I looked down at the scythe I was holding, and turned to face Death.

Death smiled. "I am Death. I do not kill. I merely accompany those who have died in this world into the afterlife. That is all there is to my job."

"So I'm supposed to kill for you now?"

"I did say I had a job offer for you," Death replied. "Over the years, humanity will once again go down this road. Someone else will discover the secret to immortality, and the world will eventually be plunged into a hell where everyone loses their humanity in a bid to survive. Such irony, that a world full of immortals have to fight so hard just to live."

Death extended a hand to me. "Your job, Reaper, is to prevent it from ever reaching that state ever again. You've just killed the first person to discover immortality. More will come, and you will be there to stop them."