There wasn't even a word for me anymore, by the time they found my frozen embryo deep in a subterranean ice-cave. It wasn't until I started my twelfth year studies and had Old-Earth history for the first time that I understood. 

I was Different. 

The pictures in Old-Earth class were Different. That was the vocabulary word for a whole moon cycle because the concept was so entirely absent from our modern life. 

Well, their modern lives. It had always been present in mine. I just didn't have a way to name it. 

Ah, names! Another vocabulary word, one we used this time; but the meaning was so changed from what it had been when those strange pictures were made. 

A name had always been a way to identify types. 

Peters were males, tall with high foreheads, dark hair, grab eyes, thin. Peters worked in the Offices, rows and rows of dark heads crunching numbers until sundown warning was ring. 

All Peters married Deborahs. They didn't get to pick which one but how would that matter? Deborahs ran the schools and universities. They baked good pies and didn't meddle in affairs of fashion. That was best left to the Janes and the Cliffords. 

Peters and Deborahs were given three children, one every second anniversary. They always raised a Jane (but not a Clifford), a Max and either a Felicity or a Jordan. There weren't as many Felicities because they were very high up, and Jordans were also raised by Hanks and Judiths. Jordans were farmers and farmers were both necessary and expendable. 

But those Old-Earth pictures? Each one had a different type AND a different name. Instead of the regulation 97 types (48 male and 49 female because Felicities didn't marry), the history books seemed to suggest that there were, at one time, over 7 *billion* types of human on earth. 

Every single human one of a kind. 

It was mind boggling. 

But as I sat through those classes with my 11 year old peers, I suddenly knew what I had always known, but had no name for. 

I was Different. 

I was not really an Anthony. 