Everybody hates me.

I can't walk to class without getting tripped and pushed over.

I can't sit in class without someone callling me "nerd", or "weirdo".

I can't talk to a girl without her wrinkling her nose and giggling with her friends.

Anyway, that's me. I'm 20 years old, male, tall, skinny and pale. I have brown hair and glasses, like the typical high school geek you see in movies. I ace every subject, but my intelligence separates me from the rest of the world. 
I notice when my professor gets something wrong, and can't point it out without being beaten up after class. I get bruised and battered by people when they walk past me, bumping and kicking me.
To be honest, I probably would be just as bruised without them. I trip over my own feet, and often walk into walls because my balance is pitiful. I spend all of my free time gaming, immersed in an online world of tanks, jetpacks, a giant hammer, and a supersonic pilot. I don't need to study. What I do need to do is to tell you what is happening to me. 
I have to tell somebody.
I need help.

It began one night, when I was absorbed in explosions and loud music. With too much noise coming from my laptop, I couldn't hear a thing, but I saw something slide out from under my closet door.
My heart stopped.
I spun round in my chair, slamming my ribs into the edge of my desk. Pain bringing tears to my eyes, I reached behind me and slammed my laptop lid down. In the sudden darkness, I panicked. Launching myself out of my seat, I stumbled across to the opposite wall, and fumbled blindly for the light switch. As the lights flickered on, I stood staring at my closet.
I stared, and stared, and stared. I refused to move for over an hour, standing rooted to the spot, sweat and tears meeting on my chin.

But nothing happened.
Finally overcoming shock, I took one step forward, bent over, and picked up what appeared to be a letter. Sliding into my pocket, I wrenched open my closet door, and flung my clothes aside as I fought to reach the back of it. After emptying it completely, I was faced with the fact that there was nothing hiding inside my closet. My hands shook as I reached for the letter. Unfolding it, the hair on the back of my neck stood up, and I forced myself to sit down, as my head spun. It read:

       Dear Harvey,
I don't really know how to say this, but I've been watching you since you arrived. I've watched you as you've cried yourself to sleep, convinced that no-one loves you. 
But I do.
Sincerely, 
Your Friend.

I didn't sleep a wink that night.


Returning from class a week later, I fumbled with my key as I tried to enter my room. Dropping exhausted into my chair, I felt something amiss. My room was different in some way, I knew. My OCD has its advantages. I stood up, and gazed around my room. My bed was made, the bathroom door shut, the closet door... 
Open.
Suddenly, the lights went out. I took a step towards the closet, and tripped. I fell forward, and then... Kept falling.
For what seemed an eternity, I was falling into an unknown abyss. Abruptly, I stopped. I hadn't landed, I had merely stopped falling. I had materialised onto a hard surface, which proved to be wet rock, as I learnt when I tripped over my own feet attempting to walk forward. Unable to see, I became aware of something breathing behind me as I stood up. A heavy panting, it grew louder, as though someone were coming up behind me. I found myself unable to turn around, and began to shake as the thing behind me laid a clawed hand on my shoulder.
"Don't worry. I am Your Friend. We can spend all the time in the world together. You've finally found someone who loves you."
My voice quaking, I responded.
"Who are you?"
My query was met with silence.
Suddenly I understood.

