At first, we thought the virus had been natural. Then, we thought it was a weapon created by terrorists or a rogue state. Later we blamed the old superpowers, certain one of them had accidentally released it from the depths of one the cold war labs. It wasn't until the first ship landed that we realized the truth.

----

"Did he give the order yet?" Roshan was three feet deep in the mud, whispering to Alan over the sound of the rain. The gully was the only cover across the field, but the Washington weather wasn't making this mission any easier.

Through a break in the tree line they could see the empty husk of Seattle just above the looming white surface of the alien ship landed in front of them. It was boxy and uneven, rectangular sections bolted together at irregular intervals, like a UPS truck turned inside-out during Christmas, Elmer's glue and holding all the packages against the frame.

"Not yet." Alan replied. "We're still waiting on the diversion from Team B."

Roshan turned over in the mud and looked over the trees behind them. He wished once again to be back in London. Not like it was now, a crypt for millions. Like it had been before the Quarantine. When the only team he had to care about was Manchester, playing on a field about this size. Drinking a real beer. Keeping them dry from the rain by holding an umbrella Mary...

He blinked. Focusing again on the trees. He blinked again, this time not just from the water in his eyes. "Alan, I think that tree moved."

"Of course it moved, we're in a stor-" Alan started, but Roshan threw a hand over his mouth. Roshan grabbed Alan's far shoulder and pulled him around see the trees.

****

At first Alan saw nothing just tress swaying in the wind. Then one definitely moved closer. It must be falling, but it was too far away to land on them. There was no need to get worked up about-

Another tree staggered forward, this one much closer. Alan thought he could hear the sound of branches breaking. Still it was just another tree falling in the storm, what did Roshan expect?

Then the first tree stood back up. Alan could swear it was closer than it had been before.

By now Roshan's grip on Alan's mouth had fallen limp. Alan could hear Roshan frantically praying to the Hindu gods. Alan tried to calm them both down. The mission had them on edge. "Must be a trick of perspective. Trunk is just caught on the other trees. Looks just as tall as before, even though it fell, now that it is closer.

The second tree took its own two step lurch forward. That was definitely not a trick. That tree was definitely coming for them. He grabbed Roshan and pulled them both to the edge of the gully where the mud was not as deep. Behind him he heard the whole forest groan with a huge collective creak of trunks and bark bending under a great strain. Then suddenly a wave of gunshot like cracks rolled over them, like every tree in the wood had just snapped at the stump. But when he looked back all of the trees were still upright.

And closer.

He tore at the muck on the side of the gully, trying to get back to the culvert they had shimmied thru beside the access road. Roshan immediately started to follow, extricating himself from the mud as quickly as possible. There was no way they hadn't given away their position, but they didn't care. Pure terror was the only commanding officer they knew. They'd probably drown in the culvert now as the rain continued to pound down, but it'd be better than whatever was about to happen out here in the rapidly shrinking field. The forest was driving out the last bits of cloud covered sunlight into pine needled shadow. The trees on the far side of the ship were making the same inexorable advance. He turned one last time before entering the culvert to see the roots of the trees crawling like snakes across the grass, the trunks lumbering like elephants behind them.

Roshan shoved past him into the metal pipe, screaming something about the Celtic Druids of ancient Britannia come alive. Alan pulled himself inside as the first tree reached the ship. It swung a huge branch down and immediately crushed a section.