Matter materialized, and surprisingly a citrus smell filled the air. I looked, and intended to see the demon that would help me fight of Bearick in the woods.

Though I lemon sits. Though I feel a weird churching in my stomach when I looked at it. I reread my spell tome, and saw I had read the spell writing. 

I turned my hand on the lemon, intending to burst it into nothing but citrus. Though nothing happens. I try again. And still nothing. I go to pick up the lemon, and when I touch it, I feel my mind slip.

I hear cackling and the sounds of nails scrapping. Then the laughter stops. And a guttural voice remains, “You meant to summon something else didn’t you?”

I couldn’t reply, couldn’t move. I felt an icy chill settle over me, I push my power against the hold it has on my. But it holds strong. In my immortal life I finally get helpless.

“I’ll make a deal with you. I will allow you to wield me in battle, if you agree to free me from the confinement’s of me... cell.”

I didn’t say anything but I thought it. Yes, yes, yes.  I thought, craving whatever power it had. Though I could not harm it, I could find a way. The voice started again, scraping my mind.

“Though if we make the deal, you will have to be branded with a rune I put on you, sealing the deal. To complete the spell, you have to think one thing, with all the power you have. Think of... death.”

I didn’t know what it meant, but I did. I kept thinking of death, and I thought of the carnage the usually caused it. How it was normally me wielding the carnage. And then I felt a burning sensation on my hand. It was the worst pain I had ever felt, and I had had every bone my body turned to dust, from the outside.

And then my mind came back to me, I was sweating. I had a symbol on my hand that looked like a Z with a line through it. When I looked at it, I felt something. Then looked at the lemon, the same brand was on it.

“Let’s do this.” It purred in my mind. Sending a shake down my spine. I clutched my hand, sending power into it. Making power flow through my body.

“You better help me kill Bearick.” Was all I said.

I grabbed the lemon in my hands, and I thought to myself, ‘How do I use you?’ And then I felt a tug on the rune, and then I felt it scrape on my mind again, whispering to me.

“All you need is the rune on your hand, you have my power. Don’t worry, it will come to you.” It purred and I felt it burn again as I drawed power in my hand creating a ball of power.

I then got up, and with a wave of my hand my cloak was flowing on my body. And I walked it outside. I was never able to master flying, and I wondered with this power if I could fly.

“Perhaps.” Was his answer. And then I felt the need to do it. To try it. I though of the spell, readied my legs, and pushed myself off the ground, gaining altitude and speed. I was flying, how much power did I have now? With this deal, or will it be without it too?

Then I felt a searing pain, and I was blasted out of the sky. Who was it? I rushed to shift my balance in the air, landing and sending power in my legs so they didn’t snap.

Bearick and multiple others were around me in an instant. His smile was ravenous, his eyes dark, and a sword at his side. A cape flowed over his back, and his hair flowed silky, and long.

“Found you.” He said, and then he sent a spear of power at me, I put up a shield by instinct easily blocking his power, my shield not even cracking. He looked at me bewildered.

“Let you.” Was all I said, as I sent many attacks at the other and him. Making them gain less ground on my, and throwing up shields and tubes in every vantage place. ‘Damnit’ I thought, ‘He brought others.’

Then I felt an attack from behind, I wasn’t able to block it, and I was sent forward. I stopped my self mid air, repositioned myself and landed. Shooting power at the four in front me now. Then sending a wall of power behind me.

‘How is a lemon this powerful.’ I kept thinking, and then I wondered. Was it a god-trapped summon? Like a genie in the bottle. What if they were trapped for good reason? I didn’t let myself think about it as I fought on against them.

Bearick grew ground on me, and brought out his sword. The enchantment cut through my wards like butter, and he gained even more ground.

“Let me take over.” It purred in my mind. And I didn’t know why, but I did. And I felt my body seize up. And was moving without moving. I speared everyone faster then I knew my body could handle. I pulled out my hand and clenched it, shattering the blade.

“How?” Bearick said to it.

“Luck.” And everyone dead. And I felt my body release back to me.

I instantly flew home. To do my part of the bargain fear ebbing over me, fear of them using that power on me through the deal.

I was in front of the lemon. Looking at it, “What do I do?” I said out loud. Not knowing the spell work behind this lemon cell.

“Just touch the rune to the rune on it.”

And I did, though instantly everything went off kilter, then more cackling arose. And I felt my soul shift, every fiber of my being change. And I could smell citrus, and feel it too. “What’s happening?” I said.

Though I heard nothing.

I said it again.

And heard nothing.

The that’s when I realized I was tricked into switching places. My soul was in the lemon, and he took my body.