The cold night sky shone behind a sea of buildings, which at this hour, look like charred and hollowed-out obelisks of the Damned. An iridescent full white moon pierces the midnight sky, rendering other constellations invisible amidst it's eerie, almost otherworldly glow. On the street between buildings hung banners that read things like, "Mardi Gras," and "What happens in New Orleans stays in New Orleans!" Yet the streets were nearly deserted, save for a clutch of drunken partygoers. Though Jazz music and strobe lights invited revellers into the many bars that lined the streets like vultures hungry for carrion, the most commotion came from a nearby building, it's top floor illuminated in searchlights, standing tall amidst a sea of sirens, flashing red and blue.

It had been nearly thirteen years, to the day, since the day they came back. Thirteen years since an event foretold in long-abandoned sacred texts as a trumpet sound, heralding the end of times. We should have seen it coming. The skies had already fallen, thanks to our lust for fossil fuels ravaging the protective ozone layer. And we had boiled the Seas to near uninhabitability through commercial fishing, pollution, and fracking. With this event 13 years ago, the Unholy Trinity was complete.

13 years ago, the Dead returned from their graves to once again walk the earth. And on that day, everything changed.

Originally a horde of undead ghouls, ravenous beyond compare with an insatiable appetite for human flesh, they swept over our world in a tsunami of gore. Global population fell by nearly 60% within a matter of weeks. In areas ravaged by war or gang violence, or in the case of New Orleans, whose natural geography below sea level prevents the burial of the deceased in a proper "grave," forcing Mausoleum interment to be the primary method of corpse disposal, and thus removing the need for the reanimated cadavers to dig their way out of their tombs, that number was closer to 90%. 

All hope seemed lost. But at this intersection of religion and Science, and unexpected result came to fruition. Revitazol, a ridiculously lucrative patent, was invented by Argento Industries. Distributed by drone, it contained a proprietary mix of chemicals, and Nanobots, it restored tissues that have been lost in the revenants due to decomposition, at the same time fixing the portions of their brain that shut down with the onset of rigor mortis. It gave the revenants their full mental capacities, memories, and personalities back. No medicine is perfect however, and it left the patients with a ghastly gray complexion, and iridescent green eyes. By all other accounts however, they passed for human. Though they were still responsible for the vast majority of meat consumption across the globe, this time it came from slaughterhouses, not their brothers and sisters.

Argento Industries was hailed as miracle workers, and their stock prices shot up accordingly. Bright young minds and hearts taken from us too soon now had a chance to fulfill their long-lost potential. Love the ones we thought gone forever returned to their families to pick up where they left off. But unfortunately, long forgotten scourges of humanity, serial killers, rapists, criminals of the most vile, many of whom had been executed by the state, got to return as well. But just like the cure they had concocted in a laboratory, Argento Industries did not discriminate. All Revenants, as they came to be called, could receive the necessary weekly doses of Revitazol to prevent them retrograding into ghouls. For the right price, of course...

Lieutennant Darrow approaches the building illuminated in police lights. She's a no-nonsense cop, assogned to the NOPD's newly-formed Revenant Crimes Division, affectionately dubbed "the Hearse Brigade." She produces a megaphone.

"Antonio Salvatore Cotardi! Alias Tony Cotard, Tony Salvatore, Sal Cotard, and Tony the Blade!" She belts confidently.

"You'll never take me alive, copper!" He retorts.

"That's cute. I am Lieutennant Darrow. I'm here to take you to Necropolis."

"The Coffin Factory!?! Ha! I don't think so!"

"Wasn't optional, Cotardi!"

"I didn't do anything wrong! Why you guys comin' after me!?!"

"You were convicted of carrying out the murder of federal witnesses, under protection, in New Orleans at the behest of Al Capone!"

"Yeah, and I DIED in PRISON! What more do you want!?!"

"You were sentenced to three life terms... One down, two to go!"

"I... I have HOSTAGES!"

"Who cares? We have REVITAZOL!"

"YOU BITCH! You're fuckin' CRAZY!!!"

"Last chance! Three... Two... ONE! I'M ON POINT, MOVE IN!!!"


