You sigh, scratching your stomach absently. There aren't nearly enough meatballs in one plate to satisfy. Two plates might make a decent snack, but it would take at least ten to even begin to dull the aching edge of hunger. She always insists it's not healthy for you to have so many, smiling sweetly as she orders you one plate. You sigh, wistful as you  follow her away from the line and the warming pan full of meatballs. Half the food on your plate is hardly edible. Why is it so very important that you consume green beans, again?

There are just some things more filling than others, though it's never really enough. She teases that you wouldn't stop until you ate Ikea out of business if she let you. Smile at her, faintly, as you force yourself to savor the meal.

The wandering begins soon after. You're not sure how long the two of you have been coming to this place, inspecting furnishings and fixtures neither of you seems to need. It's practically a ritual; consume a plate of meatballs, wander the labyrinthine showrooms, remark on this piece or that, then return home.

You can never quite recall when you took her as a companion. It has been some time, though. She is stoop-shouldered with wild, woolly gray hair sprouting every which way from her head. Today it's a bit tamer, straining the bounds of the waist-length braid. She taps her cane, sweeping it in an arc ahead of her, eyes fixed ahead.

She is not the easiest companion. That she insists on monitoring your meals is enough to frustrate, but she herself unsettles you in ways you cannot pin down. It is the small gestures, like how she grips your arm when children are nearby. The fact that every single meal comes only through her. The tremor you can never quite shake whenever she turns those empty blue eyes on you.

You pass through bedrooms for the third time this week. You like to linger here, but she always walks a little faster, the ball at the tip of her cane scraping over the floor double-time. A bit of obstinacy flares. There's quite a crowd today and a gentleman about your size is walking alongside. You match your steps to his, masking the sound of your feet, and slowly drop back. He takes your place immediately, weaving and merging through the crowd to get ahead.

You have not bought yourself long, but it is something of a satisfaction to see her pick up her pace to follow the fellow. She will figure it out soon enough. For now you retrace your steps to the bedrooms, standing in the middle of some diva child's pink paradise.

A little girl drags on the hand of an adult, pleading something or other. A little boy scoffs, tugging in the direction of a tunnel tented loft-bed fortress. Absently, you consider returning to the food court. Perhaps you can sneak another couple plates of meatballs before she finds you.

The tag on a child-sized vanity catches your eye. You've seen it a few times before and each time there is a strange twinge in your gut, but you never get to linger much. You check over your shoulder but there's no sign of her yet. You squat by the table and turn the tag over, underlining the words with your finger.

The letters tug at you. You run the syllables over your tongue, but they don't feel quite right. You flatten the vowels a bit, but no better. You try rounding them out and shoving them together. That feels closer.

You take a deep breath, blurting the five-syllable name as three syllables.

For a moment, you feel utterly ridiculous. You are a grown man squatting in front of a little girl's vanity, muttering a Swedish name you don't even--

No. You know it now that you have heard it correctly. There is a faint echo in your mind and so you repeat the word. The mirror on the vanity cracks. But there is no sound. The mirror has not cracked, your own face has cracked. A black line runs from the corner of your eye down to your chin. As you repeat the name, the crack shoots off in all directions, like a spiderweb snaking across your skin. After a fourth repetition of the name you know to be yours, bits begin to flake off. 

Someone is screaming, but you are fascinated as first your lips, then your nose and cheeks crack apart and fall off. There is nothing underneath. You can see to the back of this hollow shell where light begins to show through.

In an instant, you are aware of exactly how many children are in the building.

You begin to recall things. Pleasant feelings. The cries of small humans silenced in the night, little bodies left stone cold and wide eyed for the morning light to find. The small, glowing embers of their souls warmed your hollowness, giving you substance for days at a time.

As pieces emerge from the fog, you wonder why you bothered to suppress yourself. You could have gone ages more like this, stranded and always hungry, always empty, never knowing why. On mere chance you found yourself drawn to this place where the language of your region is so accessible, recalling from a simple piece of furniture fragments of your own name. Is that why you always return?

"I wondered when it might be."

You have only a few bits and pieces of shell clinging to your outline and as you turn to face her, these last bits fall off. There has already been a stampede out of the area, but you still know where each child is, and now no one can see you. All that stands between you and your first real meal in decades is her.

Her hands rest on top of the stick, one folded over the other, her head tilted to the side. "It was not enough to observe you, you know. You buried yourself deep so I couldn't learn from you that way."

Uneasiness pricks through the immediate hunger. This face is familiar but the fog around it is slow to part.

"There's not very much information about your kind. It took so much research. We had to come to the states. I had to bring you and watch you every day."

It takes a moment to register that she is not speaking English the way she has the past several... decades. She has been with you for decades. Ever since you left... and she followed. And she speaks the tongue of your region, down to the local dialect.

"It took even longer to prepare. Time is the only way, in this case." She lets her cane fall to the ground, her hands still folded in front of her. "But I have no regrets. Tell me, are you hungry?"

A tear-stained face flashes through your mind, distorted with rage. Four little bodies, still and stiffening. The wrong house. You came to the wrong house. She had more knowledge than the other villagers. Even so, she could not destroy you, but she came so very close...

You move back, readying to flee. A lapse, and you know it as the air about you displaces. Faster than thought she has lunged forward and grasped you, empty eyes staring straight through to the wall.

"Are you hungry?" she asks again. "How much can you hold?" Then seals her mouth across your face as the full, blazing fire of her aged soul pours into the aching emptiness, straining you, stretching, swelling to burst...