"Hey Mary, quit slacking off. Someone's summoning you again."

I tilted up my sunglasses, stretching out on my lawn-chair, and set down the tomatoey cocktail that I had named after myself. "Go away," I said, yawning. "Not today."

"Yes, today." Jerry's shadow towered down over me, blotting out all the rays of sun that my pale skin was trying to soak up. "There's not a choice in this."

"For fuck's sake, what's the point?" I reached over and picked up my beer from the chair's other cup-holder. That was my left-hand drink. "It's not like these schmucks ever wish for anything. They only summon me to get a picture for their horror-themed instagrams."

He crossed him arms. "There's no use in arguing. We both know the rules."

"I'm not a performer."

Jerry sighed. "I'm going to count to three."

The sunglasses slid off my forehead to fall back over my eyes. "Are you now?"

"One."

"Jerry, I don't care if you count -- "

"Two."

"Come on, will you just wait for two seconds -- "

"*Three!*"

There was a faint popping in my ears, and then suddenly the beautiful day turned black and beer spilled everywhere in a splash of gold foam. My entire body started to constrict, and I felt pressure as if I was suddenly being forced through a very tiny tube. 

I arrived at my new destination with all the grace of crashing into a wall - which is exactly what happened to me. I smashed straight into the mirror, breaking my nose. Blood poured down my face, and I rushed to cover my wound and stop the bleeding, swearing. 

No matter how many times I went through it, being summoned would always be a bitch...and would always result in grievous bodily injury.

A scrawny looking teenage girl stared back at me from the other side of the mirror, her face white with fear. She clapped her hands over her mouth, giving me a look of sheer terror that I was all too familiar with. 

"Yes, it's me," I said, my words muffled from behind my hands, as blood trickled through my fingers. "Now, before you go run away screaming, will you at least try to calm down -- "

Annnnnnddd she was gone.

Sighing, I looked wistfully at the box of tissues staring back at me from the other side of the mirror, as blood continued to spout like a firehouse.

"What are you looking at, kleenex?" I said, pinching at the bridge of my nose. "Haven't you ever seen a genie with a god-damn bloody nose before?"

I took a sharp breath, preparing for the hellish journey to re-enter the void and return to back home, but just before I turned to leave, I heard the door creak open. 

"You look like you're hurt," a voice from behind me said. I spun back around to find the teenage staring back at me. "Are you okay?" 

"About as okay as one can be after running into a wall of glass at a hundred miles per hour." 

"I'm sorry. Didn't mean for that to happen."

"It's cool, happens every time. I'm used to it." I sniffed. The woman staring back at me was still trembling, hovering one foot back into the bathroom, one foot into the hall, too curious to turn away. I got these folks every once in a while. She was just stalling to get a picture of me on her phone before running away again and posting it on social media. "So are you just going to stand there all day? Or can you snap your selfie and we'll both get on with our lives?"

"I didn't mean to hurt you," she said, frowning. "Are you going to kill me now?"

I pointed a bloody hand at her. "Yep," I said. "You summoned me, and now I have to kill you."

She started to tremble again, looking down at the ground. "It's okay, really. I'm ready. That's why I called you in the first place. "

The theatrically maniacal smile died on my face. "Huh?"

"Just get on with it. I hate this place. I'm ready."

This was getting dark real quick, and I found myself starting to sweat. "Come on, I'm not really going to kill you. I was just fucking with you." I wiped my nose, smearing blood everywhere. "I'm actually a genie. I grant wishes and shit. Can you believe that?"

"Nope."

"I'm not lying. Give me a try. Wish for anything."

"Fine. Then I wish that you kill m- "

"Woah, woah, woah. Hold on a second." I  threw up my hands, the palms now scarlet from tending to my injury. "Let's slow down for a moment. Umm. What's your name?"

"Tara," she said. She looked down at her feet.

"Hi Tara, I'm Mary. Now, do you want to see something cool?"

"Like what?"

"I dunno..." I stalled, feeling the blood in my nose start to clot. I had never stayed long enough in someone's bathroom for this to happen before. "What if I made an eldritch horror pop out of your toilet? That'd be fun, right?"

The girl shrugged. "I dunno. I guess."

"Come on, it's really cool. They aren't even that dangerous. Just scary." I winked. "Some of the best things in this world are like that."

The girl looked up at me, her wide eyes curious again. "So I'll tell you what, I'll make Chthulu Jr. pop out of the can, and while I do that, I want you to think really hard about three wishes that would really make you happy. Can you do that for me?"

"Okay," she said. Then for the first time, she covered her mouth with her hand and smiled. Damn, seeing that from the sad girl a moment ago made me feel good. This genie shit might not be so bad after all.
 
"Hell yeah." My eyes started to turn red as I summoned my magic. Suddenly there was bubble and a crash from the toilet, and Tara gave a squeak of delight. 

"Is that..." 

"Don't get too close," I warned, as Tara edged towards the mysterious noises. I smiled, raising a hand to my nose, and found the bleeding had completely stopped now. 

Maybe this time, it would stay that way.

* * * 

/r/ghost_write_the_whip



