 The year's 2101.

 Oh, how he wished.

 He wished past the cage, the cage that gleams at him with the only excitement he's had since birth.

 The world beyond Guggle's eyes was something that he's imagined only in dreams, which can only be seen as hallucinations. These hallucinations are those that become portals into a better world, the type that is anything beyond the cage.

 He licks the bars when he's hungry. He likes the taste of metal. Sometimes he tries biting it, but sometimes it hurts, and sometimes he likes how it feels. It feels like it hurts, but he likes it. He likes it, even if it hurts, it's a feeling.

 The white and black figure approaches him. It's his father. He likes his father. His father's good. Guggle likes his father. He likes his mother, when she doesn't use the shiny metal. The figure lumps over, and pours brown liquid around Guggle's reddening face.

 Guggle laughs. Guggle likes laughing. Guggle doesn't like screaming, it hurts sometimes. It hurts like the shiny metal. Guggle only likes it when he hurts himself. Guggle doesn't like it when mothers hurts herself. He doesn't like it when Guggle is hurt by mother.

 But, that never matters to Guggle. He's more intrigued by the floor. The floor is a blanket of felt, felt that's underneath layers, and layers, and layers of foaming white liquid.

 The sun disappears behind the window sill. Guggle notices. Guggle notices, because that's when it gets cold.

 His cloth is the blanket. He doesn't like the foam. To Guggle, the foam is an enemy to the state. So, in the darkness, when mother and father are gone, and father is done screaming, Guggle eats the foam. He'd rather not devour it, but finds that chipping at it, bit by bit, it goes down easier that way.

 "HAAH", Guggle whispers to himself. Such gibberish cannot be accepted by his mother. Mother doesn't want Guggle to grow up to be dumber than all the other sacks of meat. He's already 30, and he still doesn't understand basic communication. Usually, it's been partially taught by 29, fully by 31.

 So, at midnight, Guggle's mother sneaks into the room—rolling in at a speed of an incalculable speed. this process takes multiple hours on end, and Guggle's fully awake to witness it continue—every night. The reason mother does this is because father cannot boot-up when her speed is entirely uninterpretable; a speed which can be met when turned off.

 Guggle doesn't like this. Guggle screams with entire terror at the inevitability of his worthless demise. Worthless to mother herself, he hates mother HATES! He hates her with utter passion; only achievable by those who are, with no redeem, damned to Hell itself. Mother can't be damned to Hell.

 Guggle's screams are heard widely, beyond the house itself. He screams, but cannot be heard, for father can only notice mother's movement, but is entirely turned off. Guggle, he can't stop screaming, like an instinctual act of inevitability; screaming like a madman. Well, it's gone past madness, and beyond insanity. It's become indescribable, the noise that Guggle creates; the full-reaching loudness of it all.

 Yet, mother has the audacity to continue.

 Guggle's had enough! Finally, he's found an answer!

 As mother gains nearer to the poor fellow, Guggle finds himself at the end of the glowing bars—banging his round head against the cylinders. Blood, to him, the red liquid that hurts, pours from his skull. After months of wrenching thought, he's found his solution!

 The clear images of terror turn into hazes of thought—blurring reality itself.

 Mother, she grabs Guggle! She pushes him away from the far end, and forces the front end to his back!

 With such twisting trouble, mother's able to turn the thing to her face.

 Mother's hand morphs to a stick, used to beat, covered in red, that red being blood. She beats the thing's face—cracking it's roundness against the cylinders. Every crackle is heard throughout the nearby air.

 With a sudden shift, mother's stick becomes a wire. That wire, she shoves behind Guggle's teeth—popping and crackling.

 Guggle, in this experimental experience, experiences an entirely new sensation! A drip of water pours from his eyes!

 Guggle shoves, pushes, squeezes, yet his attempts only lead to a tighter grip on his measly bones.

 The wire becomes deeper; going against the closing hole.

 Guggle must wail, yet has no orifice available.

 Mother's too egregious on the fella. His body is bleeding. The red paints herself, and laughs, nothing more than laughs.

 Her laughs overpower the redness that covers the room. But, her laughs are merely a blanket; as they become mourns of failure and regret.

 That regret is one of the types that cannot be taken back. It's an absolute cement clod that has forged itself into the chest. For once, she's felt that. For once, she's regretted. She's felt pain. That utter, utter, pain.

 Who shan't weep for Guggle; the man who wept with those who know so dearly, Guggle?