 "Its 1000 years into the future." People look at me, some in surprise, some at shock, and some in hatred. At the moment, I am the most famous man on earth. Some people call me the anti-Christ, some people call me Satan, while some even follow me, worship me, call me their lord and savoir. I just want to die.  The year is 2038. My legal name is Lincoln Wildren. My original name has long since become obsolete and forgotten. To be honest, I've gone by as many names as I have lived many years. There are civilizations I have seen boom and bust at the same time. Hundreds of languages learned each century, and lifetimes of memories born and forgotten. I was confused at first, when it first happened. But I still remember it. The witches name was Olg'aruun. She lived in a remote hut away from the village, and one day while I was getting wood by the riverside, I saw smoke coming from that same hut. Then I saw it. Nobody else had seen what I saw that day before me. It was a barren field with a straw hut, and lying around were skulls, bones, and some well decayed corpses. Some human, some animal, and some indistinguishable. The source of the smoke was a large bonfire, and in it was a group of people, malnourished and pale. They were tied to a stake and groaning in agony as the fire licked their bodies into ash. Most were women, with some young children tied with them. I called out to the witch, and when she looked at me, for some reason a feeling of dread filled me up. She started running after me and I ran back to the village. I had told the village authorities what had happened, and led them back to the hut. They cornered the witch, with her back to the bonfire that was now blazing wildly. She knew I was behind this, and so she cursed at me: "You are the son of two bastards! You are nothing more than a plague to the pagan goddesses of this world! I will make you suffer for eternity till the last man dies, you are cursed with the blood of those which I have sacrificed for this spell to make you walk this earth until it runs barren of man! In hell I will berate you!" Then she jumped in the fire along with the others. She started screaming, and cursing at us all while we idly watched. Her movements slowed until she died, and then we left, leaving the fire to give her a funeral. My village was superstitious as I was, and I was filled with mild anxiety when the event first occurred. Luckily because nothing had happened after the incident occurred, the ruler of the village decided not to take any actions. For 30 years I lived normally. But after those 30 years, people, including me, started to notice. My wife was long dead. My children now looking older than I had for years. I really started to believe that I was cursed, and unfortunately, the ruler had died. The new one started to get suspicious of me, as well as the rest of the village people. Then a outbreak of fevers swept in the town and started killing people, eventually taking the life of the rulers mother. The village was set, I was the cause of the deaths. I was taken to a village elder and put on trial for my crimes. What was really ironic was the fact I had known the elder since he was a teenager, as with the rest of the village. But they had come to the agreement that I was the cause of the deaths, citing the witches curse as the root of the towns problems. I was to be put to death and executed. My children argued against this, and the elders said that my children are cursed as well, and summoned them for execution as well. I yelled out to have me children spared, but I was knocked down and restrained. 3 days me and my children waited in a cell, and before we could die in that dungeon, we were brought out to the gallows. A local priest said a short prayer before we had nooses around our necks. Then, the floor dropped. I could remember hearing necks break around me, even my own. I thought I had died. That I would join my children. Accepting this fact, I kept silent and allowed my body to be piled into a cart along with my kin. They took me to the outside of the village and dumped our bodies into a shallow hole. I lied there for two days and two nights. My mind was blank, but still a thought ran in my head: "Is this what death is like? When do I depart for the afterlife?" After two days of lying in the grave, I became curious even more. "What if I'm not really dead? What if I'm still alive?" To test my theory, to reassure myself that I was dead and would be joining the dead soon, I tried to move my hand. And it moved. To that I was in denial.  "No, maybe I was just desperate, there's no way the dead can move." Then I tried harder. My hand lifted itself off the ground. "I really am alive. I should be dead but yet I still live." I lifted myself up, and stared into my hands. I looked down at my body, and looked around me. My loved ones were dead, and beginning to rot, yet I was alive and in perfect condition. I realized now, the witches curse was true. I really was to walk this earth until it runs barren. This was my fate. For the next 100 years I lived as a farmer. Surprisingly I found a woman who would accept my life and married me. We had no children. I couldn't bare the trauma of losing my children to my curse again. We simply lived off the land and were pleased at that. When my wife died I moved into what is modern day Finland. A small town in the area accepted me as a peasant who needed a place to live. That's where I lived for another 40 years. People started to notice that I wouldn't age and got suspicious again.  One night the town cornered me at the town square and demanded answers. I explained my curse to them. Horrified at the ordeal they heard, they became and angry mob, and fearing death, something I ironically couldn't suffer from, I was chased outside the town and escaped by crossing a mountain. Seemingly lost and stranded, I knew I wouldn't ever get to live a normal life. Since then I became a stranded nomad, forced to being introverted all the time, to avoid as much suspicion as possible. For 400 years I lived this life, seemingly miserable, unable to enjoy being alive, yet grudgingly wishing for death all the same. I attempted suicide 13 times during those 400 years, all of them failed. Meanwhile, I saw the Turkish empire rise and take over the area I was living in at the time, a small town in Transylvania. The Turks had turned the land into a millet, and forced the poor citizens to pay them taxes, lest they give up their children to be conscripted. The people at the time were furious, and so they came to me of all people for help. I did not get by 400 years by being a pacifist, and was forced to fight, steal and even kill to get by sometimes. I knew how to fight, and manipulated people with my deep understanding of human nature and anthropology. I agreed on simple terms, that the town would serve me and me alone. They agreed, and so I got together with a band of villagers, and attempted to revolt against the ruling Ottoman empire. Our attack failed, and the Ottoman killed my men. Since I was the only one alive from that attack, they held me prisoner and forced me to work under them. They gave me a new name, Vladmir, son of the dragon, and forced me into their army. At first, I grudgingly accepted the position, working like a slave for the Ottoman empire along with a bastard who called me his brother. I rejected him wholly. He assimilated with the Turks, while I was scheming for a way to take over the Ottoman empire. When he caught wind of this, he was quick to tell his superiors, and so they set out to give me corporal punishment: torture. They had tortured me horrifically, using the  most agonizing and brutal execution methods possible. They tortured me everyday for weeks it seemed. Then they released me back into their army, and now I was set for revenge. I wanted to end the world, and to do it, to finally let myself die, I would kill every other man with my own bare hands as revenge for the way humans treated me. I finally accepted my fate as the enemy of mankind. I left the army and created one of my own, and started from there. I killed tens of thousands of people under my name, until the Ottomans cornered my army, not waiting to be tortured again, I faked my death and disappeared from that battle. My men lost, and to the Turks, Vlad The Impaler was finally slain. For the next 500 years I traveled the world, starting wars and conflicts, trying to carefully manipulate mankind into extinction. Making Christians fight for Jerusalem, making the Mongols slay Asia, making the Spaniards wipe out the South Americans, and so on. My attempts were great, and under my name some of the greatest atrocities in humankind were committed by my actions. I had no remorse. I just wanted to die, I was mad at the world. Sometime during that period, I kept power by forming a group of noblemen and powerful influencers, called the Knights Templar. The groups original members disbanded, along with me, but the group remained, and I lost control of the group after 120 years. 