I saw her from across the bar, at first.  Beautiful, pained green eyes, concealed by long blonde hair until she brushed it aside to meet my gaze.  When I bought her a drink, she told me that I didn't know what I was getting into, with her.  That she would destroy me.  She must have recognized the pain in my eyes when I told her I wasn't scared.  We talked, for a few hours, about the things that had brought us there, her first marriage, and how it had been shortlived.  My first marriage, and though it had lasted a bit longer, how it had left me no less broken than her.  I didn't recognize my first wife in her, and maybe that was what drew me to her so strongly at first.  She had a danger to her, so different from what I had known before, but we did share a pain.  The bar was closing, I told her I wanted to see her again, but she said she wanted to protect me.  I nodded, understanding, and we parted ways.

It was months before I saw her again, at the cemetery.  It had been so long since I'd visited Petunia's grave, I don't know what made me pick that day.  There was something so lonely about it, sitting there on it's own.  I looked up from my mourning to see her, again, very close.  I'm not sure what strange coincidence was wrought to bring the resting places of our loves so close together.  Or maybe it was fate.

We approached with muted excitement.  I think she may have had the same thought I had.  In her moment of weakness, she told me, of her curse.  That any man she would fall in love with would die.  I told her again, that I was not afraid.  She smiled at that.  She told me that she visited her husband's grave each month, to apologize for what she'd done.  To know that he would die, and love anyway.  She told me of how she badly she wanted not to believe in the curse, only to see it come to fruition at the alter.  She told me that each month she left him a rose, as though that would ever be enough penance.  Eventually, she said she was going to go home, but I wouldn't let her escape from me twice.  She agreed to let me go with her.

It wasn't sex, or any sort of physical intimacy that I wanted.  Especially not on a day like that.  It was just the conversation.  We talked for hours, in a way that only the truly cursed could.  We matched, and I knew then that I loved her.  Eventually, though, she pulled back.  I knew that she was afraid to love me.  I persisted.

For days, weeks, months, I continued pining for her.  We would talk, frequently. I would tell her how I felt, how I didn't care if I should die, that it would be worth it to be loved by someone such as her, and she would leave, but then we would meet again.  I knew she wanted to love me.  I knew she felt what I felt, but she was scared.  This was why I told her of my curse.  That I could not die.

I could see her eyes change, almost instantly.  Filled with joy, after so long expecting to spend the rest of her days alone, she had found someone that she may not kill.  And then there was a pause.  Neither of us knew whether I could not die to her.  But it was too late.  The truth had been spoken, and there was no turning back.  Eventually, we planned to marry.

I remember a cold sweat, at the alter.  I did not question for one minute whether I wanted to be her husband.  I did not hesitate at the thought that this could mean death, but I was still scared.  As I saw her walking down the aisle, that fear went away.  It would not matter what death would bring, or if it should come at all.  This was the moment that would make the rest worth it.  We spoke the words, with bated breath we kissed, and I still stood.  My curse had won.

I find myself thinking of that moment often.  The last moment where I was worried that I might die.  That thought has changed so much over the years.  I wonder, now, how much better that would have been.

I think about this now, as I stand in the cold, two graves before me.  I suppose in a way, both curses won.  I do still stand.  I can't be killed, no matter how many times I try.  But any light, any joy I may have found, any life in these bones vanished when I found the love of the woman who would kill me.  At least Petunia's grave no longer looks so lonely.