Ever have that feeling when you're lying in bed, that you're falling? It felt a bit like that, then it was like no dream that I recall. At least, not like the usual ones.  
I was on the edge of sleep, and I remember thinking "Is that chocolate I smell?"
And then the world spun through 90 degrees, and I was pitched forward into a brightly lit room. It was... pink. And someone had laid the paint on just a bit too thickly. 

There were gossamer fine curtains in floral print, although it seemed dark beyond -  and several posters, neatly and perfectly aligned, of kittens, and some nameless 'boy band' with tidy haircuts and squeaky clean smiles. It was like a bad film set, and believe me, I've worked on enough to know. The air smelled strange though - stinky overtones of some sulphuric gas and a curious flickering of darkness at the base of the door.  I cautiously pushed it open, and looked beyond.

Flickerings of red light skittered dimly across the uneven walls outside. As I carefully ventured forth, I looked back into the room with its light and happy air. On inspection, I found that the other side of the strangely normal door bore a sign in careful handwriting. It read: "Xoroth's Room. Come In!" - with a smiley face painted beneath.
Hokay.  

The smell of chocolate returned, stronger. It seemed to be coming from a nearby flight of stairs carved into the very stone itself. A faint glimmer of light beckoned me on. As I made my way up, the sound of young voices speaking in hushed unison became audible. It took some time before I got to the top, but I caught the tail end of the chant, the words almost mangled beyond understanding. I thought I understood:  "Access. Army. Seed. Bun." There was a curious dissonance to the pronunciation, and after that, silence.

I turned the corner into a well-lit space. Bare electric bulbs swung in a multitude from the ceiling. It wasn't much of a room, still the same bizarrely hewn rock, but in the middle of it there were three little figures hunched over in a small circle. They looked like kids who had put a lot of effort into their Halloween costumes - one had stubby wings, another had a head full of angular horns dusted with improbably cheerful glitter, the third had three eyes, each carefully made up in pink eyeshadow (Xoroth?) - and all were staring intently at something in the middle of the huddle. I stayed still.

They began chanting again.
"To-ol. Beef. Patois. Spacial. Sauce. Lay. Toss."  And then there was a conflict where one said "Cheese", as the other two said "Pick-alls."  This broke the proceedings down into a gibberish disagreement in a harsh screeching noise that became steadily louder. The one with the three eyes was glaring at his - her? - friends, and the one with the wings was stretching them threateningly. It was really pretty impressive work.

When I got sick of the noise, I shouted out:
 "TWO ALL BEEF PATTIES, SPECIAL SAUCE, LETTUCE, CHEESE, PICKLES, ONIONS ON A SESAME SEED BUN. THAT'S WHAT YOU WANTED TO SAY, RIGHT KIDDIES?"

Dead silence, for a split second, then the screaming - oh the screaming! I clapped my hands to my ears. All three hightailed it to the far end of the room, and as I advanced on the little devils, one picked up a stone vessel nearby and threw the contents at me. The molten chocolate was VERY hot, and I roared in pain. The other was staring, with all three eyes wide open, gibbering in fear. The glitter horned one was busy scratching a sigil on the wall. The mark flared bright red, and sucked all three of them through it, leaving me alone.

I pressed my ear to the rock, and could faintly hear a string of further gibberish, ending with an accusing tone that sounded like "Xoroth!"
I listened for a little longer, but all was silent.
I shrugged, and turned back toward the center of the room.

Bending down, I picked up the thing they'd left behind. It was an old paper place-mat from McDonalds, one that I hadn't seen since I'd worked the children's parties there in the '80s. Boy was I glad to move on from that gig.
I've still got one of those wigs in a box in a cupboard somewhere - probably should have returned that, YEARS ago. But hey, call it a souvenir of my early past.
As I shook my head at the curiousness of my surroundings, the bulbs suddenly fizzled out, leaving me with nothing more than an afterimage of Grimace, the Hamburglar, and a picture of yours-truly. 
At least that was my life, once upon a time, a long job ago. 
The tilting sensation happened again.

I couldn't tell if I was awake or asleep, but I thought I was still clutching paper. Or maybe it was just the sheets.
I settled down. Licking my lips, I could have sworn I tasted chocolate, but only for a moment, as the next dream began. No jolts this time, it seemed almost mundane by comparison. 

---
(edited, words!)