How I got here I do not know, I was asleep in my room. I awoke in this hall, on the floor, as if I had fallen asleep on the floor of this great hall. The hall was immense. It seemed to have no end, it was well lit, but there did not seem to be any light source. Every few meters there was an item. Some of the items were on stands, some sat on the floor, other were mounted to the wall, however each item was enclosed in clear case, with a label. From where I was I could not read any of the labels. 

As I started toward the nearest item, an old woman, approached. She appeared from nowhere, and intercepted me. 

In an halting, weak voice she said : "James, you are here because this is your time. Here in *The Hall* every item a hero needs can be found. The items you need will call to you. When you have all the items you need you will be returned to your original time."

Before I could ask her how she knew my name, or who she was, or even where I was, she was gone, just as quickly as she had appeared!

I looked around again, the hall was the same, and I proceeded towards the nearest item, it looked like a sledge hammer. As I got close enough to read the label, it said:

John Henry's Hammer

Here Lies a hammer, wielded by a steel working man. He laid down his life to beat a machine.

As I read the label, and wondered about the truth behind the old folk song, I heard a sound. Not exactly a voice, but not just a noise. Looking around quickly, I saw nothing any different from when I awoke.

As I headed toward the next item, it appeared to be rifle of some sort, with a flower stuck in the barrel. I heard the sound again, this time it was almost a voice, and it sounded like a light breeze through tree boughs but it also sounded like my name, *James....* .

It was coming from in front of me. Rather then examine the rifle, I moved toward where the sound came from. As I did it seemed to get just a little louder, and more pronounced. Yes! It was indeed my name, but as though whispered and torn apart by the wind; although there was no wind.

As I moved toward where my name was being called, it became louder and clearer. I passed thousands of cases, at first I wanted to stop and see what was in the cases, to feel the history, but I was being compelled, as if called by the Sirens of old, to find the voice. I could not stop, I ran, and when I got too tired I walked, and when I could no longer walk , I crawled, until I slept. When I awoke, I started off again, running, walking, crawling. How long did this go on I do not know, days? weeks? I only know that the hall seemed to continue to stretch on, and on, and on like some nightmare, with the voice always calling, urging me forward.

Finally! The voice stopped, I was standing in front of a case, a bright light seemed to pick out a single case. It was open.

This is the first case that was open. In the case were 4 things

- a small roughly triangular broach

- a small rectangular object slightly smaller then the palm of my hand

- a gold tunic

- a pair of black pants.

 
I hesitated, should I take the items? What was it the old woman had said? "...every item a hero needs...". Now, I had moment, I could think! The compulsion had stopped. I, I am a hero? Am I a hero? Why me? Should I take these items?

I stepped closer to the case, I could see the broach was an ensignia, a sort of stylized triangle. I took another step, and before I realized I had my hand on the tunic. It was soft, but somewhat stretchy. It looked like it would fit.

I took off my shirt, and put on the tunic. It fit perfectly, as if it were made for me. Next the pants, they were of the same material, they too fit perfectly. They both fit snuggly, but moved and flexed with me.

I picked up the broach, I do not know why, but it seemed it should go on the left, right where a pocket might go. No pins, or other means of fastening it was obvious, when placed on the tunic it simply stuck itself there.

Lastly the rectangle, I picked it up, it was not solid, but had an obvious hinge along one of the narrow ends. I opened it, and there was a strange noise. A moment later a voice comes from it :
"... Scotty here, Captain, are you ready to beam up?"