

I fucking hate Ouija boards. I’ve watched enough scary movies and dabbled deep enough in my years to learn what to respect while using and what just not to fuck with. I will not touch those cursed pieces of shit and will leave a party if someone pulls it out 'for funsies'. There's nothing fun or good about a Ouija board, and now I know firsthand why nothing ever good comes from one.


Normally, I play video games on my computer after my Saturday shifts; smoking bowls, maybe video chat my mum, a laid back start to my official weekend. Today was not going to follow my lazy afternoon schedule, however. As I take a hit I start to feel a pressure build around my ears, slowly spreading along my body. For a second I'm concerned that I've just hit that point of no return and maybe I should retreat to the couch when I’m hit with a wave of nausea and excruciating pain. I’ll bet anything it was something like the bends; feeling a crushing weight from the entire ocean multiplied over every millimeter of your body, trillions of your atoms crying out in agony as natural limits are pushed and ignored; or something to that effect. Right after I have the thought that this is a seizure and I’m going to die, smoking pot, in my underwear, the pressure gives with a sickening *pop* and I'm no longer in my chair.


After the ringing subsides a tad and my vision stops swimming, I realize I'm sitting awkwardly on top of a coffee table pipe still in hand. I exhale gratefully, realizing I’m no longer being atomically torn apart. Silently, three, very ugly teenagers gawked around me. One female looking one directly in front of me screams, an unholy howl that makes my head feel like it’s caving in again. I slap my hands over my ears and screw my eyes shut, body keeling in, trying to block out the awful noise. "I told you we shouldn't have touched it!" I hear a second voice crow over the end of the unearthly wail. The fading sob retreats among the thumping of wild, hooves? Unless everyone was wearing stilettos, feet don't click like that. Nothing is making sense right now and I feel like I’m going to puke. I should have gone to bed early, I remember thinking.


Unshielding my tender lobes, I gingerly glance about. I was alone and seemed to be in the midst of a poorly constructed seance. Multicoloured candles in glass jars and various holders guttered and waved on various end tables. A mantel piece above a dead fire sported an impressive candelabra of thirteen black candles, and five more blinked on the ground surrounding me on the tips of, you guessed it, a pentagram. "Jesus FUCKING Christ." My matter of fact curse summoned a trio of muffled gasps from behind me. Turning, I spy a simple door with light telling through the cracks. I chuckle, stand, and knock a silver locket off the table. Some more scuffling from behind me and when I turn again I see a dark closed door.


The absurdity of what just happened begins to dawn on me at this point, and to put it bluntly, I lost my shit. I need to say, I have a rather cackley laugh. You know when you get a good belly laugh; like your own special brand of semi-embarressing, not for polite social circles laugh? The one that surfaces when you least want it to, but hot damn that joke was well timed. If not, you may have that friend with the donkey laugh, the snorter, the lumberjack, etc. Well, I'm the fucking evil witch. So imagine me now, standing in my panties and bra, holding a pipe, in the middle of a b-movie budget summoning circle, cackling my white girl ass off while three poor bastards shit themselves in a bathroom. Thinking this is either the most fucked up practical joke or the start of a bad porn, it then dawned on me, for better or worse, that I had the upper hand.


Quickly realizing that the ring wasn’t designed to keep me in (stupid mistake, those can get you killed), I decided to use that to my advantage and play dumb. Picking up the necklace I had knocked earlier, I turned my attention to the ‘altar’ which I had appeared upon. There was a bottle of wine (partially drunk) with accompanying glass, some heavy, heady, incense that reminded me of a good thai place,  a few red jam biscuits on a blue china plate, a bloody hunting knife, and some assorted coloured stones. Add the necklace and I’d say that it was a cute attempt at offerings, but this junk isn’t what sucked me through a dimension, or whatever, happened. I scan the living room that looked straight out of a Vampire’s Secret catalogue for anything that could start making sense, fast.


A rising argument filtered into the shadowed room, three little voices pitched in fear behind the bathroom door. Barely making out words like ‘contract’, and ‘bound’, a general consensus of ‘not to be trusted’ chorused in innocent whispers. Stifling an outburst of cackles, I listen as some agreement is formed and silence is restored. Slowly, painfully, the knob turns, and the door whines, and eyes appear at it’s edge. I wave coyly and the door nearly slams shut once more. Again the door protests until a representative is pushed out onto their face. The girl that was in front of me when I was so rudely interrupted straightened herself hastily and stammered apologies in a few different languages. She must fancy herself a mage, I thought, taking in her handsewn robes and gaudy pendants. A ragged braid curled out of her hood as I locked eyes with the demon girl. Bright green, faintly glowing, slitted, and full of fear; clearly someone overstepped their abilities, even if she was more powerful than me in her birthright as a succubae. As she spoke an old tongue poorly, outlining her vague reasons for contact and request for a deal be brokered I noticed an odd glow from the door.


“Alright miss thing, that’s enough.” I began, the little demon started and backed up a step. I smiled gently and cooed, “All business and no manners can lead to poor relations, darling. Plus your latin sucks.” She paled, if that was physically possible for the ghostly thing, and ducked her head mumbling, “I’m so sorry Mortal One, excuse me, I,-” “Shh. It’s cool, the old ways are outdated and tedious and I’m sick of that shit. Save the pomp for your Masters. Very few things really matter anymore in the working world and that’s payment and sacrifice.” A moan quivered from the bathroom and the little mage visibly gulped. I’ve got their full attention now. “If you want anything from me, you have to pay for it. In equal trade.” “But my mom’s necklace and our blood!” She thrust out her arm, the confusion and anger roiled off of her in putrid waves. “Calm down, kid!” You can keep your mom’s necklace, and you’ll be healed in a day or two, you know that.” I huffed, feeling much like a frustrated teacher instead of a pissed off not-so-captive. Her shoulders slumped forward, stuffing her bandaged hand in her robes. “Tell your friends to come out of the bathroom, I’m not going to eat them, it’s not dinner yet.” She turned to the bathroom and shrugged. Two more horrific victims of puberty shyly shuffled out into the low lit room. “Tell me your names. I know the rules, just the first will do.” They seemed about to protest, but their leader spoke up first. “Amyra. I am Amyra.” Then, “Uruosted.” “Marliahl.” “Good.” I made a show of sitting down on the altar smoothing the tablecloth and inclining my head to the ground in front of me. The little butts found carpet and I continued. “Seeing as you summoned me, you know my name, my titles, et cetera ad naseum yadda yadda. What I need to know is what you want from me, so I can decide whether it’s worth my time and to decide if you can pay.” Squirming from the leader, then plaintive, too old eyes, turned up at me and Amyra softly whispered, “I want to be a mortal like you.”


I wasn’t expecting this of course. I had steeled myself for murder requests, ancient wisdom, even a fucking burger from McDonalds on the other side, but this was the last thing I thought I’d hear from a demon. My charade faltered slightly, and muttered a woah under my breath. Then Amyra began to babble. “I don’t want to be a succubae and take mens souls. I want to be a girl and go on dates and eat ice cream and not have to train in dark magic and be… this…” She held out her arms in front of her. Uruosted shifted uncomfortably and Marliahl seemed too scared to move, but Amyra gained some courage and pleaded with me. “Please, you must know a way. Or someone, something, that would. I can’t be a succubae, I can’t! I won’t! Please, I hate Lillith, and all of her handmaidens, I can’t go through that!” She was shaking now, and though my eyes kept creeping back to the curiously glowing bathroom, I couldn’t play this poor kid. Demon or not, she wasn’t lying about not doing this awful thing, whatever it was. She was marked and she wanted out of her fate. I could relate. So I made a stupid mistake.


“Alright, take a breath. I’ll fucking help you. I don’t know how right this second, but you remind me of someone I know. Going soft I guess.” She about vaulted into my lap but stopped herself short of the pentagram. “Oh fuck it, you didn’t draw it right at all, come here.” I held out my arms and clasped her in a hug. I’m pretty sure I had just broke a serious law between our worlds but call me a sucker for a sob story. This is definitely going to bite me in the ass.




(edits)