Preface I'm not a writer and this will have mistakes and grammar problems. I just want to write this as if it's my real dad.

I opened the door and there he was, my Dad. He hadn't changed a day from what I remember. I was 5 years old or so when my Mom said he went out to get some milk and never came back. She was distraught for months afterwards. She went to the police but they never found anything and now here he is on my doorstep and here I am a 55 year old man with a family of my own.

He had a confused look on his face and we stood for a moment in silence until he said "Who are you? I was just at my house where did it go?". He looked so confused and I said "Look I know this is going to sound crazy but I'm your son" as I said that he looked even more confused. "I don't understand, I was just walking up to my front door and as I went for my keys, when I looked back here I am, what's happening?", "Would you like to come inside, we can have some tea and talk about this" I said.

He took me up on the offer and we sat down at the dining table. My wife brought over hot drinks for us as our kids played on the playstation 6 in the living room.

"Let me just grab something" as I left to my room and brought back a photo. It was a scanned copy of one of my parents wedding photos, him grinning with a big smile, my mom blushing slightly. I always liked this photo the best, they looked so happy together.

I handed him the photo and explained, this is a wedding photo of my parents, you and my mom. That photo was taken 56 years ago. It started to sink in for him. He held his face in his hands for a moment and then asked "Well what about your mother, where's she?". "We moved her to a home two years ago, I.. um she's not very well Dad, she developed dementia over the last few years and she couldn't live on her own anymore".

Hearing that broke him and we both began to tear up. "It's good to see you though Dad" I choked out as I wiped away a tear. "There's a lot to catch up on" I said trying to distract him from the obvious. "I want to go see your mother" is all he said, a steely resolve in his eyes...