Momma's crying, why is she crying? And yelling my name? My head hurts. There was a flash of lights and a loud CRASH on our way home from Chuck-E-Cheese. But I'm tired, so tired. I think I'll just sleep. Maybe I'll feel better when I wake up. 

My eyes are all sticky, it feels like they are glued shut. Gross. And my mouth is so dry, like the Sarah desert (isn't that what Mrs. Judith called it? It's hard to remember). Everything feels foggy and theres and annoying beep next to my head. I finally peel my eyes open, and I see lots of bright, bright lights above me, like those spaceships. I close my eyes again and groan...wait, why does my voice sound like that?! I sound like old Mr. Lincoln from next door. Maybe I'm just sick. I peek again and see tubes coming from me, one clear attached to my arm, and another with stuff the color of boogers coming from my tummy. GROSS, is that my insides?! I reach out to touch and I freeze. Something is wrong with my hand, it's all spotted and hairy, the blood vesicles look like worms underneath my skin. I try to sit up, but I'm so weak, I can hardly move. 
"Mom?"
No one answers. I look around, all I see is white, white walls, white ceiling, white floors. The only thing that isn't white are the pea green curtains over the single window to my right. There are computers and tubes and bags of stuff on the left hand side of the bed. Theres an open door just a little ways farther down on the left, and I can hear voices down the hallway. 
"Hello? Is anybody there?" 
I must be sick, it looks like I'm in a hospital and my voice sounds terrible, but my throat isn't scratchy. The voices stopped. Then I hear people running down the hallway and burst through the door. A nurse lady comes in first, then a man with a doctors coat, and another man dressed like the nurse. The nurse lady is old, with brown hair and bits of grey in it, and the doctor looks about the same age as her, with a short, scruffy beard and red hair. The last man is younger, with longer blonde hair. The lady starts crying.
"You-you're awake...you're finally awake!" 
The other two men are silent, with their mouths wide open. The lady runs over and hugs me, her name tag says "Cheryl". She smells nice, and her hug is warm, but I have no idea who she is. The doctor comes over and starts messing with the machines. Cheryl sits in a chair next to me, holding my hand and watching me with sad eyes. It makes me uncomfortable, but I don't pull my hand away. The doctor starts asking me how I feel. 
"Ok I guess. Where is my mom and dad? Can you call them? What happened to me?" The doctor and the other man look at each other, then they both look at Cheryl. She looks...scared, and sad. It frightens me. 
"Please, I want to see my mommy and daddy." I start to cry. They are scaring me. 
Cheryl sighs a really big heavy sigh. 
"Can you give is a little bit?" She asked the doctor and other man. They look back and forth between her and I, then nod and leave, closing the door behind them. 
"What is the last thing you remember?" She asks me. 
"A flash of lights and a loud crash. And my head hurting really bad. My mom was crying. Why was she crying? What is going on?" I become more and more frantic. 
"Shhh. Its alright. I have some news to tell you, news you might not like. You have been asleep. For a very long time. You and your mother were in a car crash, and went into a coma." She sighs again, a very very heavy sigh, and tears spring into her eyes again. She looks back at me.
"You have been in a coma for 70 years." 
70 years. I've been asleep for 70 years.
"Wh-where is my family? What happened to them?" 
"I'm sorry...but they are all gone. Moved away or they passed away. I'm so sorry." 


Sorry for such a long post, but I was really moved by this prompt. I dont have time right now to finish it, but first, I would love some critique and let me know if you want me to keep going! 