"My name is Tyraek Aefaliedian of Nessus, Fifth Liege Lord of Asmodeus, Arbitrator of the Second Sphere, and Underkeeper of Secrets. By true name and true blood I have answered the call of my master...what would you seek....of...."

He blinked twice slowly.

"I've been gone half a millenia from the world of men. Have you shrunk?"

"Ummm...no."

"Are you a human spawnling?"

"What's a spawnling?"

"How old are you and what is your name?"

"My name is Mollie Everdeen and I'm 7."

"How in the nine hells did you learn to call for Asmodeus, the Lord of the Ninth Circle?"

"Oooh, you cussed, and that bad."

"I what?"

"My mommy said never to use bad words like h-e-double-l."

"Did she also teach you how to summon demons?"

"No, that was Grammie Sari. She said if I needed help to prick my finger and draw the circle. It was really hard learning all the letters..."

"Your grandmother taught you ancient magic and the demonic alphabet - what in the he...ck is going on?"

"You need to help me - my Daddy is bad."

"A child has called upon the most powerful demon in existence because she didn't get a cookie....just fantastic. I'm sorry, but I really must be going. You're too young for a contract, and..."

"Oh, I almost forgot. She told me to grab your hand too."

With that, the little girl reached out and grasped the well manicured hand of one of the underlords of hell. Immediately, thoughts began to flood into the demon's mind, his ability to absorb the dark secrets of another being by touch activating.

A hand over a mouth. A nightgown being ripped apart. Innocence stolen. 

"That motherfu...."

She squeezed two of his fingers. "No more bad words, Mr Tyrie..."

He took a moment to compose himself, his freehand reaching up to adjust the perfectly windsored tie around his neck. "Say the word, and I'll drag his rotten stinking soul to the abyss myself. It would be my pleasure."

"No. If you kill Daddy, then I'll be all alone."

"Surely anybody has to be better than the current predicament."

"No, I wanna go with you, Mr. Tyrie....."

"You do have some measure of understanding of where I live and what I do, correct?"

"You hurt bad people, like my daddy. He hurt me. I want to be strong, and be able to hurt bad people."

"Alright, you make a convincing argument, for a spawnling. I'll take you with me, but one freakout and we come right back. You belong in an orphanage. So where is Daniel Everdeen?"

"Daddy's at the bar. He should be home soon."

"Stay in the closet and hide. Don't come out until I tell you to. Don't look until I tell you to. Any failure to follow these rules could result in your death. Do you understand?"

"Yes...I won't look."

Mollie buried herself under a small pile of stuffed animals in the closet. Tyraek sat on the bed and waited. He didn't have to wait long. 

"Mollie....Mollie....who the fuck are you?"

"My name is Tyraek Aefaliedian of Nessus, Fifth Liege Lord of Asmodeus, Arbitrator of the Second Sphere, and Underkeeper of Secrets. By true name and true blood I have answered the call of my master...please sit down."

Daniel Everdeen was a burly man, slightly balding, with large tufts of sand-blond hair and thin glasses. He swung wildly at the thin, well-dressed devil, and with brutal efficiency, he turned the punch into a wristlock, searing the burly human's hand. 

"I said...sit down, Mister Everdeen. I was even nice enough to say please."

When Tyraek let go of his wrist, he scrambled backwards, planting himself on the floor in the corner adjacent to the door.

"Who are you and what do you want?"

I've been entrusted to make you an offer. He reached underneath his vest and retrieved a small flask, golden in hue. 

This is a flask of everlasting water - simple enough. Simply close the lid, give it a tap, and declare what you'd like the contents to be. Like so - 

"1345 Calvados, Chateau de Castelnau-Bretenoux" 

The demon opened the top of the flask and poured a small amount of amber liqueur in his mouth.

"Still fantastic. Shame the British burned their fields..."

He tossed the flask over to the skittish man. 

"Don't worry, it's quite good. If I wanted you dead, this wouldn't be the method of choice."

The man opened the flask and took a small sip. After a few seconds, he spit it out. 

"What's this shit? Gimme a flask of something good."

"Close the flask, tap the side, and declare the contents."

"Jim Bean Black"

He opened the top, first taking a cautionary sip, and then greedily taking a hard pull.

"You said this is everlasting?"

"Yes. It can make anything humans can drink safely, even historical beverages. You can pour it out into cups and bowls if you like. There is one rule, however."

"What's that?"

"Nobody can know about the flask's abilities. You can drink it in public, but you must not reveal it's secret."

"Johnnie Walker Blue"

He started to gorge himself on $200 a bottle scotch, taking deep pulls.

"And of course, there is the matter of price."

"What you want? I ain't rich, ya know."

"Obviously wealth is no interest to me. I'd like...the girl."

"What do you want with a little girl?"

"None of your business."

"I can't. Got in too much trouble when her brother went....well he ran away."

"As part of the agreement, I will make it so that everyone assumes she is on an extended stay with a relative. It will be as if she didn't exist at all."

"You ain't gonna do any weird devil stuff with her, are ya?"

"Weirder than anything you've ever done with her?"

"What'cha trying to say?"

"I'm saying that it's really none of your concern. The flask is worth more than a dozen human souls to me - take it or don't. Here's the contract."

He enrolled a black letter scroll. As he unrolled it, it seemed to fill magically with neatly handwritten and organized wording in a crimson hue.

"There is one provision which I wouldn't normally have to inform you of, but I should, out of all fairness. If the owner of the flask does not use it at least once every other day, the magic fades."

"No need to worry about that, I'm going to use it every day." 

He lumbered over, and taking what appeared to be a very expensive pen, he signed the document in the lower right. Tyraek took the pen and inscribed the other side. 

"With that, our bargain is made. The flask is yours. Do enjoy it."

"If I pour some out, will it stay?"

"It's alcohol and water, it can evaporate, but otherwise no."

"Mollie, come out now! Where ya at girl?"

"Mollie, you're free to come out now. As I agreed, I've inflicted no harm upon him. Now, we must be going. I have much to do."

"Can I take Gramma Sari's teddy bear with me?"

"There's a good chance it won't survive where we're going, but I don't see why not. We'll need to be going now. Since you shouldn't have been able to summon me, you can't grant me Return. We'll have to travel to the nearest gate. For tonight, we'll just go to a local inn.

Mollie came out and gripped the elder demon's hand. He closed the door to the bedroom that Daniel was drinking up against, when he reopened it, instead of a generic hallway with a particle board end table, Mollie and Tyr found themselves in the foyer of a large and expensive hotel. Mollie looked around - she seemed out of place with her bear and backpack and nightclothes. Tyr strolled up to the desk as if he owned the hotel.

"Executive Suite. One night please. "

"And you are?"

"You already know my name."

The counter girl looked up - "Oh, I'm so sorry, Sir. Let me have you shown upstairs. Will you be needing anything this evening?"

"Porterhouse. As large and as rare as you can get it. No sides. Wine, your best bottle. And, have you eaten, Spawnling?"

"Nope."

"What do you things eat?"

"I like cheese pizza and ice cream and hotdogs!"

"You heard her."

"Yes, sir. We'll have room service bring those up as soon as possible."

They made their way to the suite and Mollie immediately flopped down on the couch, clutching her bear.

"Mollie, can you please give me maybe five minutes alone. Can you entertain yourself?"

"No, but I can watch TV."

"Fan-tast-ic." Tyraek retreated to the Master Bedroom, and then to the bath. He splashed a bit of water on his face. What in the world was he going to do with a human child? What possessed him to do that of all things? Why did he feel such empathy for a child? He knew Daniel would drink himself to death within days, and that was certainly worth something - a soul with his level of malevolence would be decent currency, but that still didn't explain any of this..."

An elderly woman's voice, full of warmth and joy, seemed to emanate from the living room. 

"My, my...what a delightful turn of events."

The hairs on the back of Tyraek's neck stood up and he charged through the master bedroom, his Devilish Arm, Urb-Gorn'Ath - The Rapier of Stolen Souls formed in his hand.....

"GRAAAAAMA SARI!"

He came in to see Mollie embracing the purest white figure of Sarien, Angel of Guidance. The elderly woman, who was ageless, but simply preferred to seem kindly, much as Tyraek preferred dapper metrosexuality, wrapped a wing around Mollie. Tyraek realized he'd let her in - the bear. This was a trap....

"Hold Tyraek Aefaliedian. There will be no bloodshed today. I have not come for combat."

"Then why in the nine hel...hecks are you here?"

"I needed to make sure you took care of the child. She is to go with you."

"But...you know what I will do with her....what I will make her..."

"I know. More importantly, He knows."

"But that makes no sense..."

"Sometimes, Tyr, you need darkness to defeat darkness, as you've done today."

"Why should I continue to participate in this, knowing that He is involved?"

"Look at her, Tyr. She is clearly a very special girl, to all of us."

"It was you, wasn't it. You taught her how to summon, how to read demonic."

"He works in mysterious way, Tyraek. Now I must go."

"Now what the fuck do I do?"

"Language, Mr. Tyrrie."

"What the...frick...do I do now?"