“I just don’t get this new trend in gaming,” Axel complained to his girlfriend, Riley, as he stared at his phone debating another chest roll on Hero Clash Saga. They want $60 to even try their game, and you need a special ‘console’ costing hundreds of dollars to play it on.

“I don’t know. I kind of want to try one,” Riley told him. “I hear they’re pretty fun, and some of them are put out on a computer too, so I could try one on that.”

“As if you’re cheap computer could handle it,” he scoffed. “I’ve read up on these things, and you’re wasting your time.”

“So it’s a little expensive to get started,” Riley answered in a huff. “Once you have the game, they’re free from then on. And don’t try to say you don’t spend hundreds every year on your games.”

“It’s not even about the money,” Axel answered. “It’s the time. I’m currently playing five games, and I finished two of them for the day during this conversation. You know how they make money when so few people are willing to pay any for a game upfront? They target people the call elephants. Idiots willing to spend countless hours perfecting every aspect of the game. Then those people record it or stream it and show off how amazing it is to everyone else, and now the people watching think maybe they can do it too and go out and buy the game.”

“That doesn’t sound so bad, as long as they’re having fun,” Riley insisted.

“Oh, sure they’re having fun,” he told her, rolling his eyes. “These scummy developers have learned perfectly how to prey on their customers. Dazzle them with graphics, hit them up with dopamine rushes from accomplishing challenges, heck, some of them even craft emotional stories as if it were a movie out for an Oscar just to draw suckers in. Before you know it, you’re practically working another job every day with how much time you’re spending on these games.”

“Well, some people have trouble with restraint, but that doesn’t mean they’re a bad thing,” Riley countered, refusing to give up the argument.

“It’s more than just a few, and it’s often the people who have the least time to spare sucked in the most,” Axel pointed out. “It’s not just rich kids slacking out home with nothing better to do. You have parents working multiple jobs and taking care of their kids who hardly have any time to spare using all their free time and more on this stuff. It can ruin lives.”

“I think you’re being a bit melodramatic why do you even care so much?”

“Meh, honestly I don’t that much, but I’ll still never touch one,” he told her. “When I play a normal game, I know that if I can’t compete, I don’t just have to suck it up and wait. If I feel it’s worth my money, I can jump right into the action at whatever level I’m willing to pay for. You play one these new trashy games, they refuse to even give you that option. If you want to actually have fun, you have to spend the hours ‘practicing’ or whatnot. Even then, you may never be good enough to make it to average, so forget about even thinking of playing with the big boys.”

“No,” he continued, as he finished off his final title of the day and put his phone away, “I’ll stick to real games.”
