“Brother...”

Only silence follows... 

On this tranquil morning, minutes before noon arrives, this silence overtakes the morning air.

The chill wind brushes against the freshly shaven chin of a young man facing north, at that very moment, the silence is broken...

“Brother... are you ready... it’s being 5 long years, I’ve put my heart and soul into this very moment... ARE YOU PREPARED BROTHURR!!” 

The young man breaths heavily, holding tightly onto the handle of the sword, every inch of his muscles are screaming ‘ready’. As the tension rises, a reply was heard.

“Mojon... I know your heart may hold grudges against me and the past, HOWEVER! I too! Have suffered under farther’s strict bearings! These 5 years you may have being treated unfairly, kicked to the side, but I as well! Was tortured by the old man’s orders day in and day out, I too have suffered!”

The reply was filled with energy, the man facing east shed a tear as he calmed after his speech.

Mojon wavered, he understood, he understood it was their farther that caused the rift between them, yet it was too late, he had to direct his anger towards someone during those years of suffering, he practiced and practiced yet he was given no attention while only his brother, Gormon, received guidance from their farther.

“It’s too late brother, only one of us can survive, my whole life I have being inferior... but now, no longer will I bare the humiliation! Let’s us begin brother, no, Gormon!”

Gormon, no longer able to persuade the riled up young man, he gave up, he knew of no ways to escape from this predicament, he could only follow.

“Very well Mojon, since you won’t listen then I suppose we will have to settle this the old fashion way... COME MOJON! Let us begin!”

As if god was witnessing the brotherly dispute, a thunderous clap rings through the heavens, acting as the starting indicator to the duel.

Rain begins to fall as two swords swing down, produce a ‘whoosh’ as they cut through the air.

A few metres away, the silhouette of an well built man can be seen next to a young girl under a parasol. 

“Those two idiots...” the man lets out as he rests his forehead in his hand.

“Daddy, will you really let brother Gormon and Mojon fight for succession like that?” The young girl asks the middle aged man dearly. “I mean one of them is cutting up a vegetables with a sword and the other is beating down on a pile of dough with his. None of them have skills that is good for the family dinner!?”

Yes that’s right, these two are brothers of the Bormon family who opened a dinner 5 years ago, the farther, a former mercenary/sword instructor who cooked for the other mercenaries during their campaigns has retired to start a family dinner. 

The brothers were blinded during one of the expeditions which lead the farther deciding to pull out his sons and retire together with them. 

Nonetheless, the brothers would not give up their mercenary ways even after working in the dinner, although they were assigned to do simple cleaning and preparing duties, they continued to flaunt their swords and kept trying to apply it to cooking. 

“Give it up Milly, I have no hope for those two baffoons, you on the other hand have quite the talent, be sure to keep studying properly, the only option left is for you to succeed the dinner, for all else we will be doomed.”

“ I understand farther, I won’t let you down! and definitely won’t let my stupid big bros ruin our family dinner!” The young girl replied resolutely.

“That’s my good daughter!”

As the aged man watches on the chaotic scene in the near distance.

[Thank goodness I have Milly.] 

He thinks in his head.

[still what are those two idiots still doing out there, it’s raining so you won’t be able to even start a fire you bunch of morons! And you’re blind!! You’re now hacking at the fire logs not the boar you know!? Oiii Gormon! why are you kneading the dirt! No don’t taste it!! Oiiiiii.....] 

—————

Thanks for reading, first time trying out writing on this sub. Go easy on me.


