"Sir, you seem to have my missing card in your pocket there" I announced with a squint. The onlookers now peered at a man in the middle of the crowd they had not noticed before."I assure you I-" The old man stopped as his hand came to the pocket beside his lapel. His gloved hand pulled the black jester from it and he smiled. His tea stained teeth were one of the many demarcations of his wealth. "Oh my, well played indeed..."

The man blew on the card and it floated evenly into the deck in my hands. Only light sigh of power glided along my senses. "Though mere tricks, ofcourse" he smirked. Onlookers were unsure if they were allowed to cheer under such contexts, the crowd began to sink into the unease of a mage's duel. I broke the tension with a laugh.

"Ofcourse my friend!" I said with a shuffle and a wink. Charm, like any magical talent, is only as complicated as you make it. Why burden the forces of nature when a wit can cut just as deep. "Forgive my folly, I am merely a traveler on his way to Rohjark, would you do me the honor of your introduction?"

The crowd breathed in relief as he answered in formality "Captain of Law, Lord Desmond Hadry". He did not offer the slightest bow, only the curt turn of lip the highborn wear when addressing the lesser. I continued to shuffle as I moved, "Ladies and gentlemen we are honored here before us by the presence of the law, *do* *well to hide your hand as they sneak the pocket, lest he thwart your grasp and lock it*" I sang the last bit playfully.

Nervous laughter broke out, but soon turned to better impressions as the deck moved back and forth in my hands, like the blades of a fan and I with it, side to side. The onlookers now calm swayed with me. Not so much magic, just a bit of encouragement.

"Now, good captain, would you dare to meet me in a friendly wager?"  I asked him. He noticed himself shifting ever so slightly but immediately straightened when addressed.

"Of what sort dear fool?" his interest piqued.

"Say I were to perform the trick again, could you stop me?" I challenge.

"Easily." He assured. The crowd chuckled.

"For 10 Platdents I say otherwise" I meet his posture.

"And if you fail?" he smirked again, this time with a potent arrogance due only to the highest of talents.

"I'll spend as many nights in your jailhouse." I propose to a horrified crowd.

"A wager met then..." His power twinged again as his defenses raised.

*Now Aldra* I thought out to my companion *Another transfer if you'd be so kind.*

***At the price of an other nights blood?***

*Yes old friend, a taste of my blood.*

"Sir, you seem to have my missing card in your pocket there..." I squinted again, shuffling my cards. The crowd rushed in to look.

The Captain's smile turned ten platdents heavier as his gloved hand reached to his pocket.

"How!?" He mourned sourly.

"Magic dear Captain" I smiled with innocence.

"Be out of my city by nightfall..." He warned as he handed me my prize.

"Ten scores with every step" I announced to applause, holding his riches above my head.