I lived in constant dizziness; a fog swirled and meld with cold, dense mist inside my mind. My thoughts were hollow, empty. The passage of time ceased to exist, for a second I stared at the pristine snow, at the blinding sun, and a moment later I was soaring the night sky in a wooden sleigh pulled by colorful deer.

It had been my curse, my fate, the cost for staying alive, if you will, to live life in such a way. I'd been captured by a civilization of tiny people, called elves, and they'd put me under a spell to be their emissary once a year. I wasn't aware of what I did, but flashes of cozy, sleeping, and smiling kids often came to my mind, and so I knew my unwilling deeds weren't something wicked.

Things took a turn, however, when a little elf came before me, lifted the spell, and spoke to me in a far-flung nook of the Arctic, where no other elf could see us. 

He was against what his people's doing, said it was slavery, and that I could escape in the flying sleigh if I wished to, but he explained to me they didn't truly understand what they were doing to me, as they had only one purpose: to make the kids smile. 

I pondered over his offer a great deal. This wasn't life, for I did things, but I only remembered a sliver of those things. However, at last, after I had went through a long list of questions regarding the whole situation, I asked him, "So, do I bring joy to the kids?"

"Yes, they wait for you every year with unparalleled eagerness," the elf said, dancing a small jive at the rhythm of his melodic words.

What he said struck the core of my heart, made me wince and grimace. I was under a spell, yes, but he convinced me there were no evil intentions in the elves' doing, they simply didn't understand, or so I chose to believe, that putting people under a spell was a different sort of torture, but a torture after all.

Deep down, despite the years I'd lost, I couldn't feel hatred nor resentment against them. After all, those years I'd lost of my life meant the smiles of kids across the world. It was a small price to pay for such a beautiful thing. 

One I would pay time and time again.

"What if I do it willingly?" I said to the twinkling elf. "Some of your people can come with me in the sleg and watch over me, make sure I don't ruin christmas, and if I do, you can put me under the spell again."

"I was hoping you said that," the elf said, smiling. "Let's go home, and meet the family. They will be joyous to finally be able to call you by your true name."

I laughed, and waved my hands dismissively. "The kids know me as Santa. They don't understand the meaning the word has in your language. But I would very much like to add my name to it, if that's a possibility."

The elf beamed and nodded. "Sure thing! Would you tell me your name?"

"It's Nicholas, but people call me Claus."

---------------------------

r/NoahElowyn    