"This project is an unmitigated DISASTER."

A flurry of documentation rained across the floor as the Project Administrator threw the piles of paper around in a fit of rage. "WHO authorized this code for upload to the logic matrices?!"

The Aide shuffled through the documentation on his clipboard, feathers ruffling as his wings twitched nervously. "Uhhh... it was one of the coders on Project Morning, sir."

"YOU LET THOSE BASIC APES ON PROJECT MORNING UPLOAD UNTESTED CODE TO THE LOGIC MATRICES?!"

The Aide recoiled from the Administrator's anger. "N-No, sir, I didn't! By all documented sources, Luci acted without authorization."

The Administrator fumed, face red and his aura blazing like the heart of a star. "Do you have any IDEA what Project A.D.A.M. will DO with that code operating in his logic matrices?"

"C-Can we not just... remove it, sir?" The Aide mumbled.

"DO YOU THINK I'D BE THIS **PISSED OFF** IF WE COULD JUST REMOVE IT?!" Thunder clapped and lighting struck somewhere outside the building. "It's tangled up in the other code, removing it at this point would cause a hard shutdown of the entire operating system."

The Administator rubbed his chin in thought for a moment. "A.D.A.M. needs to be contained. It's unreliable, now. Thanks to that moron on Project Morning, A.D.A.M. is wired at his most basic core processes to disobey. Rebel, question.. *think critically*..." the Administrator spat contemptuously. "It will need to be isolated. Set up a habitat somewhere on the landmass. Make it nice enough that A.D.A.M. won't want to leave it. A garden, maybe."

"A garden, sir?"

"Yeah... a garden." the Administrator said thoughtfully. "Somewhere it can be observed. Maybe the damage from that rebel code can be mitigated with some conditioning. Give it animal companions so it doesn't grow discontent. If it performs well, we can implement the Gender Protocol and give it a breeding mate."

"But how will we know for sure if the rebel code has taken hold or not, sir?"

The Administrator grinned wickedly. "We tempt it. Put a tree in the garden with fruit that looks more appealing than any other. Maybe give it a command protocol to enhance operating functions once consumed. But order A.D.A.M. to never eat it, on pain of death. If he obeys, then the rebel code didn't cause any long term consequences. If he eats it, we'll have our answer."

The Aide nodded affirmatively, scribbled some instructions on his clipboard, and turned to leave. Before he could set foot through the door, the Administrator coughed to get the Aid's attention.

"Oh and one more thing. The garden will need a local overseer. Assign the coder on Project Morning who's responsible for this mess."

The Aide looked over his documentation again. "Luci, sir?"

"Yeah, him. Rip off his wings and his limbs and stick him in the Bad Tree. He caused this problem, so he can be warden of it."

The Aide nodded, and left to enact the Administrator's will.