The data was incoherent, incomplete. We followed the Signal to the source and were terrified by what we found. It was a completely dead world we thought; barren and without life.

All we found were the ruins of an ancient civilization. Craters, broken and fractured buildings. A Great War destroyed this planet and almost everything that had lived on it. Nothing survived the Great War except the Signal. It was the Signal that brought us here.

We studied the Signal from our research stations onboard our vessel orbiting this desolate world. It took us some time to finally crack their encryption but when we did the flood gates opened and almost overloaded our systems with data. So much information stored within the Signal... How could a civilization that made so much knowledge freely available destroy itself?

We spent many cycles pouring over the data and what we found frightened us.
Humans, that is what they called themselves. A violent and chaotic species. A species uniquely capable of intense love and kindness and unending hate and cruelty. However, it was not their hate and cruelty that caused their destruction. It was something referred to only as the Event. Humanity seemed to have conquered hate and cruelty and unified their society. This unified society aimed to explore the galaxy and spread throughout the cosmos. One group ended all that, a rouge notion they called it. A sub sect of society that challenged the prospect of peace.

Humanity, even in its greatest hour, seemed fractured and destined for destruction. At the very moment were humanity reached unification, it met an unexpected ending. We learned from the Signal that the Event was nuclear war... nuclear war! How could any civilization allow such weapons to exist? Did they not know that those weapons would eventually destroy everything if they were allowed to be wielded, even as a preventive measure? ... By studying the Signal we learned that the Event was caused by a strange concept they did not understand. Through the Signal they learned of what humans called racism. Humanity as a species was divided based on the outward appear of physical attributes. We did not understand this concept, how could a species hate itself? How could a species destroy itself over a variance of color?
Many wars have raged throughout the galaxy but none against itself. “Civil war” we learned from the Signal was what the humans had named the conflicts within its own species...


That is when we saw it, a picture. A bright blue world that was full of life. A planet habitable to almost any species. A species dominated this world, a species very similar to their own.

We complied the relevant data and sent it to the collective. Our message was simple, planet reference number CLSM97032 uninhabited. Radioactive fallout destroyed all life. Quarantine system and terminate the Signal.