"What the fuck?" said God.

It was all gone. Hours of crafting and coding vanished without a trace. His dinosaurs had disappeared. His super continent was in little pieces. And one half of the fucking globe was frozen.

The coding had gone off the reservoir and started writing itself. It tended to repeat itself every once in awhile, the same patchwork of 0s and 1s grouping together in regular increments that resembled a pattern. It was nice but it wasn't HIS. He had had big plans for the giant lizards.

What made it worse was their replacements. Tiny multi colored things that loped around on two legs and talked just to be heard. They babbled in different languages, constantly fighting and fucking like it was the only goal in life.

Keeping a suspicious eye on the pink civilizations rising and falling like eternal dominoes, he opened a separate window and browsed through the history.

What he saw almost made him spit out his juice. These things were ugly but they sure had imagination. He was sort of impressed with their attempts to leave their server. They had come close a couple of times but their half-life was so short it made it hard to be consistent. 

But there was some weird shit too. Why were they so obsessed with labels? What the fuck was Scientology? How did that thing manage to fit in that hole? And who the hell would elect someone with hair like that? 

As God scrolled farther down he became angrier and angrier. There was a lot more bad than good. They had squandered what had been theirs for the taking. The smart ones consolidating the best for themselves and the rest too stupid to figure out they were fighting over scraps. They were poisoning the server itself, corrupting it with foreign code that none of them really understood and it it was only getting worse.

God glanced at the clock. He didn't have time to fix all of this, it would take hours but he had to go to work. He typed a few commands to see if he could send them warning signs. Subtle tell tale red flags that would surely ring some alarm bells. He removed the server safeguards that kept it from overheating, sure that the rising temperature on the display field would catch their attention.

Nope. They carried on. Sure, some of them noticed but they were quickly shouted down by the rest. His eyes flicked over to the clock again. It was almost time ago. He could call in sick, but was it really worth it? That would make it twice in one week and his boss wouldn't understand his pet project.

Fuck it. He finished off his juice and hit the DELETE button. Sometimes it was better to start from scratch.