The stool beneath my feet rocks precariously on the thick roots of the elm beside me.  The canopy of the tree throws a dappled shade on its ornate roots.  

*I suppose there are worse placed to die.* I think to myself a split second before a half-full beer can glances off my shoulder spraying Beast in my eyes.  OK, there would be worse places to die if the drunken rednecks weren't here.  Of course if they weren't here, I wouldn't be either.

I’m getting lightheaded.  While I can still breathe, the noose around my neck already restricts the blood flow to my head.  I press my tiptoes against the wobbling stool to try to relieve some of the pressure; but that only results in a cramp in my calf that causes me to abruptly lift one leg.  The sudden motion spurs the stool to life.  It bucks and tilts beneath my one good leg and the rope presses deeper into my neck.  I figure I have about 10 seconds before I black out completely and this is all over.

The rednecks do, too.  They grow silent and hold their breath (and thankfully their beers) as if this is the final play in a tied Super Bowl.  I force my cramping leg to give an assist to the other one and somehow manage to coax the stool into a calm, if skittish, state.  The crowd goes wild with disappointment.  More beer is thrown, odds are changed and more bets are made.

I hear a chittering sound on the branch above me.  I look up, well more up than my head is already tilted, and I see a squirrel darting back and forth on the branch across the rope.

*Great, even the wildlife is trying to get in on this.*

While I’ve calmed the stool, the pressure on my neck has only gotten worse.  I’m clearly only prolonging the inevitable.  My audience means to see it through, especially with all the wagers placed.  

The squirrel chitters again.  I relax my legs and look up at him.  Where are his friends?  I imagine him in a little vest and visor, taking bets from them.  As far as last thoughts go, mine could have been more meaningful.

I wake up on the ground, my head splitting and my shoulder possibly dislocated.  My first thought isn't *how?* or *ouch!* or *why is there a squirrell frantically jumping on my head?* but *Thank god I didn't land on the stool*. My second thought is about the squirrel.  Specifically, I try to remember if they are omnivorous. 

When it sounds like it might be away from my face, I take a chance on opening my eyes.  As strategies go, it seems a risky one, but my options are limited.  The squirrel immediately calms itself and slowly walks over in front of my face.  It sits.  And, of course, it’s that adorable little squirrel sit where they’re on their haunches with their little hands up.

Thing is, though:  That’s adorable when you’re in a park on a sunny day with your girlfriend having a picnic.  When you’re laying in the dirt with a dislocated shoulder, your hands tied behind your back, and a mouthful of leaves  it looks more like it’s *plotting something*.

The roles are reversed.  It’s me nervous and wary, it’s him cool and confident.  We stare at each other; I’m not sure for how long.  I know I blinked first, and a couple of more times after that.  Finally he gets up and circles around the back of my head.  I know mink prefer to attack from behind, biting at the base of their prey’s neck but do squirrels?

I feel fur on my hands and a rhythmic pressure.  A moment, and a few scratches, later the ropes on my wrists fall away.  I gingerly roll to a sitting position and try to take stock of my body.  With the exception of my shoulder and head, everything seems to be in working order (though I’m probably going to need some ointment on those scratches sooner than later).  I get to my feet and look around.  This isn't where I was hiking.  When I was attacked everything was so chaotic I foolishly hadn't paid attention to where I was being taken.  Obviously I was dying when the rednecks left so I wasn't paying attention then either.  I think I can be excused for that gaffe, though.

The squirrel chitters, I look down and he’s sitting at my feet.  I’m still not entirely convinced he’s not plotting.  He bounds a couple of times, as squirrels do, in a direction away from the elm and looks back at me.  He does this twice more and it’s clear that he knows the way.

He leads me back to the trailhead and my car and I swear he gives me a wave before he bounces back off into the woods.

Strange creatures.  As I pull out onto the highway, I wonder if I should have paid more attention to the squirrel that charged me repeatedly when I set off down that hiking trail yesterday.


