This is my first prompt, please don't kill me...

The world changed that day for everyone, they say.

An over-burgeoning world population and increasingly limited resources to feed everyone, has forced world leaders to overwhelmingly decide to introduce a law that allow you to legally kill one person.

When it was first reported, everyone was dumbfounded and thought it was a joke. Nothing indeed happened that day when it was first legalized. Until a man named Ajit, brutally killed a woman called Nett and everyone was shocked to learn that he was exonerated because of the new law.

You can say then that all hell broke loose. Many started killing people, some because of serious grudges. Some killed for fun and sport. And some killed for the silliest reason – one guy killed a hippie because he did not like the way his hair was cut.  Within one month after the law passed, 30% of the world’s population was exterminated – old and young.

After a month, killings declined as people realized several things. First, you can only use it once. If you exceeded, justice is swift with one’s own death the only penalty. Second, there will always be repercussions. One guy found out, coming home after killing his neighbor, and witnessing the death of his family – each and every one – as the neighbor’s family exacted their revenge. It was truly horrifying. Lastly, that there were people, religious and abiding of the commandments, who truly abhor the law and wanted no part of it.

You can say that my wife, Michelle, and I, were among those last set of people. Along with my brother, John, we fully believed in God and his commandments. We always prayed that it will stop, and that everyone should love one another.

However, the world changed again that day for us.

It was a Friday night and I was rushing to the hospital. Michelle and John had a car accident. While crossing the intersection on a green light, their car was rammed by a guy too drunk to notice.

Both the drunk driver and John had sustained light injuries, but Michelle was severely injured and had to be immediately rushed for operations.

Shocked was an understatement, while sitting beside Michelle and holding her hand. The Doctor told me some pretty bad news. That her injuries were so severe, they were surprised she was still alive. she is presently in a coma with a very small chance to wake up. Her spine was broken and she will not be able to move from her neck down. Many of her organs were damaged that she needs to be constantly connected to machines to live. If she was only wearing her seat belt at the time…

Seeing her medical condition, the doctors have advised for her to die. They said that even if she wakes up, which is almost impossible, her life will never be the same. Then they dropped the atomic bomb. As they have used their rights, I can kill her, so that she can die peacefully, based on my right to kill.

I literally howled that time. How dare you suggest to me, a devout Christian, to kill his own wife. But no one wanted to use their right, to protect themselves and avoid being killed in return.

They gave me a syringe that will allow her slip peacefully in her coma. And now, as I watch her battered and contused face. Her ragged breathing helped only by the machines, I really hated the drunk driver,  hated John for being safe and not Michelle, the Doctors for forcing me to kill my own wife.

I’ve made a decision and I know.

The world has now changed that day for me.