The last year of events had left me numb. After losing the love of my life, I had been fired from the police service I had put years of effort into being a part of. Coming back to my desk from lunch, I took an antidepressant from a new bottle and sat down. I put on my headset, and logged into the system. Immediately, my head was flooded with the ringing of a telephone, and I was taken back to the flooding of gunshots in the shootout which had taken my better half.

I didn't have the best sales numbers in our facility because I had ever dreamt of being a telemarketer. Nobody dreams of this. Every day, I get called many awful names. Faggot, queer, cocksucker, but it comes with the territory, I guess. Nobody likes to be interrupted in the middle of something important to receive a sales ad. I had the best sales numbers in our facility because answering the calls was the only thing that stopped the tragic scene from playing out in my head. I fell into my routine for a little bit, losing track of time, just plowing through my workload. I see a notification pop up on my terminal. "Personal call, line 4". I send it to the hold queue, finish my current call, and switch to line 4. "Tucson Diagnostics, my name is Jonathan, who do I have the pleasure of speaking with this afternoon?"

I wasn't prepared for what happened next. "Jon? It's me!" came a familiar voice. My eyes immediately began welling up with tears. "It can't be. You were killed in the shootout at the protest!" A familiar laugh. "I wasn't. I took a bullet, yes, but I managed to pull through. I was hoping we could talk over a few drinks." My voice cracked as I struggled to keep my composure. "If it's really you, of course I will! How about Hiatt's Tiki on 42nd?" Another laugh. "I don't know why you love that tacky place, but if that's where you want to go, I'll meet you there." We said goodbye and hung up.

I called my supervisor, "Lonnie, I've got something I need to take care of, I'm leaving early. It shouldn't be a problem because of all the overtime I've borrowed from the company lately". I walked to Hiatt's and was handed a fabric lei necklace. I sat down and ordered a Singapore sling. I took a few sips on the drink. Then I felt a presence. I looked over and recognized him immediately. He looked rough, with scars over his face, and noticed he was missing an eye. His socket was packed with a wad of cotton. But when his remaining eye crossed my table, he was right next to me. We embraced, for the first time in over a year. "Joe!" I exclaimed between breaths, "where did you come from? Where did you go? It's been a year, I thought I'd never see you again!" He was crying too, but I could hear an audible chuckle. "Easy there, lover-boy, the forces of darkness can't take me that easily. I'm not going anywhere this time."