“I know” I said.

This was my day. The day I died, and no matter what I said, Sarah never *let me go*. The first time she told me - I cried. All the years of her life ahead of her, all the perfect days she could still live, and she chose this one? No. It wasn’t right. It wasn’t fair. So, with tears in my eyes, I made the choice for her. I chose this day - my perfect day. It only ends if Sarah lets me go, for "*I am the master of my fate, I am the captain of my soul."*

Twenty-four hours ago, I sat nervously at the table. In front of me – two buttermilk pancakes, dripping with maple-pecan syrup. It was our traditional Sunday breakfast, but this was likely the last Sunday here for a long time.

“Excited?” Sarah asked, sipping her cappuccino.

“Moving across the state to our new home? Who wouldn’t be.” I chuckled, tearing into the light, fluffy goodness that was the local college specialty. We were newlyweds, millennials, recently graduated, with new jobs near one another. It was almost a textbook love story, and we had our whole future ahead of us. I should have picked that day to get it right. I should have insisted we hire a moving company. I should have insisted we bring friends along to help carry furniture. I should have never agreed to take my grandfather’s desk, hand-carved in all its heavy, wooden majesty.

Instead, thirteen hours ago, the desk slipped from Sarah’s grasp. I was midway op the stairs, and it rode me to the bottom like some freakish rodeo, crushing my chest and neck, splitting open my jaw, bashing my head.

When the ambulance came, Sarah was sobbing in the corner, but the doctor’s insisted they had seen worse, and that I would be back to normal in a few days. She talked to me on the ambulance ride over. We considered using one of our days then, but did we need to? We had our lives ahead of us. What if one day the children we hoped to have got into an accident? What if something worse happened to use later, but we never had the chance to stop it - because we wasted our day, today?

I went into surgery, and the day passed. We missed our chance – once a day has passed, it cannot be recovered. Those were the rules, strict and absolute.

So now I sit in the hospital bed, for another one of the many hundreds of times I have relived this day. Sarah – bless her – tries everything to save me. Nothing works. The bone fragment embedded in my heart – it tears itself free before lunchtime, killing me in a matter of hours. It was a small thing to notice, and the doctor’s missed it. In another timeline I convinced Sarah to sue for malpractice. She still didn’t let me die.

“What do you mean you know?” Sarah asks. She is stuck in my day now, so she never relives these conversations, only me.

“Tell me, in all those times you tried to save me, did we ever go through our movie bucket list?”

“No, we never did”

“Well then – let’s finish one,” I said.. This was how I’d spent the last 41 retries. I had over 200 movies I’ve wanted to watch with Sarah, and if she isn’t going to let me go, then I’ll be darned if I don’t finish.

“But I can save you.” She always says. “I know what’s going to happen, I just have to try something new.”

“So, for once, stop trying to save me, and let me watch a movie with you. Please?”

“Ok,” she always responds, tears in her eyes, “which one?”

“Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy.”

It was the 42nd movie on the list. I couldn’t help myself. A few hours pass and then it’s finished, Martin Freeman and Zooey Deschanel leave their boring world behind to explore the galaxy, and credits roll.

“What now?” I ask, knowing the answer. I have a few minutes left; I grab Sarah’s hand.

“I don’t know,” Sarah replies, her voice choked and afraid.

This was new. Normally she calls for the doctor’s and tells them about the shard of bone in my heart. Was this it? Would the powers of Douglas Adams be enough to let me go? Surely not…

“Your whole life will be an adventure. There will be times where you feel lost and afraid. There will be times when you have more questions than answers, and nothing can make understand, but you must keep going forward. Please, do this for me when i'm gone.” I said. Sarah broke down in tears. it was too late for any doctors now.

I felt it start - the pain; my vitals flare. I have a few more waking moments before the pain renders me unconscious. I close my eyes. I could keep them open, but I don’t want to. I don’t want her to see me in pain.

I wonder if she will let me go. I hope she will. If not, then spending my last hours with my wife would truly be the perfect day.