Dear Mr Johnathon Sansbury:
I would like to congratulate you on your daughter’s acceptance to our most esteemed institution, Hogwarts. I cannot imagine what it is like for you, as a non-magical person, to learn about world as if for the first time. 
I must say I am excited at this development. This is because I have been following your work closely for some time now. I suppose that you have no idea what I am talking about, so I have enclosed several papers of yours that have been in my possession. You will not remember having written them, I am sure, because it is policy here at the Ministry of Magic, where I work, to obliviate Muggles, that is to say non-magical persons, who come too close in contact with our world. 
At this junction, I cannot say whether my communication with you is legal, as while there are many Muggleborns in our society, there are very few precedents in place concerning their parents. However, the chance to correspond with you was an opportunity I could not pass up lightly.
As you will discover in your own papers, you have had quite more success in your biological field than you or your Muggle peers are aware. You possess a unique skill in the discovery and classification of animals as of yet undiscovered in your society, and I have no doubt that these would have been great contributions to your science. 
However, in following our statute of secrecy, we were forced to confiscate your findings and remove your memory. I am deeply sorry for these happenings, and were it up to me, you would have been allowed to continue your research unhindered, for yours is too great a mind to waste. Really, discovering the Demiguise, one of the most elusive animals in the world is difficult enough with magic at our disposal, and you had none. 
What interests me the most is your work on creatures that are not even known to wizards. One of these creatures, as you will find in your essays, is a relative of the thought extinct Quagga. I find your name, the brindled tricorn, to be most accurate in description. Upon further investigation, I have discovered that it eluded our notice by blending perfectly with its modern day kinsfolk, the zebra. Local wizarding tribes seem to be aware of its existence, and there is a humbly robust trade of its horn for medical purposes, as is true of its European counterpart, the unicorn. 
In addition, your as of yet unclassified insect discovery, which I have taken the liberty of christening the “Ganypede,” is extraordinary. It is a simple enough creature that is indistinguishable from other many legged millipedes, except perhaps for its astonishing pattern scales, which, when examined closer, show an accurate star map in luminescent flecks upon the shiny hard shell. This small, unseemly creature has already proved incredibly fruitful in the use of potions. It has a property, when dried and powdered, that induces slightly prophetic hallucinations when imbibed, and there are several very bright witches and wizards already at work in finding uses for. 
I have nothing but the utmost respect for you, and if it pleases you, I would like to arrange a meeting between us. Though you are not magically inclined, I have use for a mind such as yours. If you are amenable after our introduction, I would like to propose a sort of partnership between the two of us. I feel that together, we could make great strides in the often neglected field of magical creatures and their discovery. With you at my side, there is endless knowledge that we could bring to the wizarding world. This, I hope, would have the end result of benefiting Muggles as well. 
I do remind you that I am unsure of how legal a partnership of this nature would be. While we are free minded enough to accept Muggleborns with open arms, our society and Ministry does show a certain trepidation in relating directly with Muggles. 
I do wish that you had been allowed to keep your memory. I have been through your papers countless times, but there is so much that I wish to know. It would bring me great joy to pick your brains on the delightful creatures you have discovered. Alas, the Obliviate charm is largely irreversible through even the most painful processes, and I fear that attempting to recover these lost memories could cause you great damage. There is hope, however, that stimulation may revive some recollection. 
If there ever anything I could do for you, do not be afraid to ask it. I will gladly give you whatever is within my ability. Please respond by this owl if you agree to meeting me at twelve o’clock, June the Seventh at the small coffee shop on the corner of Winchester and Cunnings. It would give me no greater pleasure to meet you. 

Ever your humble servant, 
Hugo Pembrose. 