They all distrusted me, and I don't blame them one bit.  The Project Manager Professional - as I boldly spelled out in my LinkedIn moniker.  I didn't really have the cert, mind you, who bothers with such things?  But it looked good on the website, and it got me jobs, so hey.  The ends justify the means, right?  

They hated everything about me.  My colloquialisms, by design, were anything but refined.  Y'all's and fixin' to's made me appear down to earth and believable.  Well, in every job up until this one.  These guys HATED it.  They were all hand picked, one by one, because they were thought leaders in their fields, and radically leftist.  The number of Ph.D's in the room outnumbered the people, even with me here.  They believed in a better tomorrow, and knew it would take sacrifices.  Big ones.  Who was I to be among these intellectual and ethical giants?

So when they got their letters, one thing was very clear: their families would be taken care of, handsomely.  None would board the ships, even if they were above the thresholds.  That was most important with the statisticians, who were so preoccupied with whether so and so might be above.  They were guaranteed to be protected, should anything go wrong with the experiment.

As the day approached for the generation ships to leave, several of them gave cause to the others for why I was needed on the team.  I was on top of their attempts to break clean with the news, and swiftly put an end to any doubt that our plan would go forward.  My solutions aren't always elegant, but they always have flare.  The rest got the memo, and I think I finally earned their respect.

It is a shame I earned their respect so late in the game, I actually started to like a few of them.  Maybe I would have changed dinner plans for a few of them, but hey, revolution demands sacrifice.  They were right to suspect nepotism about me I think - does it count as nepotism if you recruit yourself?  

In any case, as we watch the exhaust trails of the rockets, I do feel a bit of remorse for the short, painful lives my fellow scientists will live out.  A better world awaits those of us who remain, and now that the wealthiest and most powerful of old have transferred all of what remains to me, I will have absolute power to right all of the wrongs of the old world, creating utopia.  We shall start creating perfect equality for all soon, but first, I must have the proletariat begin work on the palace from which I will oversee perfection.  Ooh, and a heated swimming pool. Should I build a jet or two as well?  Just in case, you know...