The only reason I know what is going on is because I stumbled in the wrong place at the wrong time. 

So. 

The World Ending. 

Yeah, that was supposed to happen shortly before Rome legalized the practice of Christianity, though, I don't quite know by who. Mars claims he had the first dibs, but Mr.G, the Abrahamic God, said that the Council had given him the rights to bring this particular apocalypse. He even tried to push through, despite this weird lock of power, but everyone stepped in and intervened, and Mr.G only barely took Rome down. 

Kind of pathetic. 

Hades wanted to drown the Earth in Fire. Mars keeps opting for a war, force Russia, China, and North Korea to start nuking it out before the U.S just Nukes the world out. I mean, everyone wants their way or no way, so the world has been stuck progressing endlessly, no guide or will being exerted whatsoever. 

Except by Him. 

I'll refer to him as Jim, only because he doesn't tell me his name. It doesn't matter why I know, or how, just trust me that I do. 

Jim's been on his own path since 1020. It's this dumb play-by-play plan that I've been studying since 2010. This asshole has it down, down right to the T. Genghis Khan? No, Mars didn't do that, no God of War did. Jim did it. Columbus? Yeah. Him too. The Civil War, Nazis, Trump's election, even Alex fucking Jones are all his Goddamn plays. He's setting up these pieces, and he's closing in on his goal. He hasn't had too many hiccups, but he's gotten sloppy in his cockiness, diverted from the plan in 2012. 

What he doesn't know is that Mr.G has an idea what is going on. He's pissed, but he won't go to the Council without proof. Proof is hard to come by when you don't have a clue on what you're looking for. And Mr.G blaming Jim outright is a bold claim. Jim's a nobody, an afterthought creation made eons after everyone else. That's like claiming the Redskins are on some grand scheme to beat the Patriots, but on a galactic scale. Would you buy it? I wouldn't. 

But Mr.G has an idea, and I can't say anything, but he's close. See, it's a stupid connection, but Mr.G has been looking at the human condition. Lately, he's connected meme culture as a response to tragedy, but memes diverted because Jim didn't pay attention. And Mr.G is about to discover the truth.  

Memes have a recycle time. We're soon going to come to a period of a quick recycle rate, where we start pushing through memes from the early 00s on, blasting through them in days to eventually push through to present day. 

But there's a catalyst event at a meme in particular that Mr.G isn't sure of. 

Well. 

Mr.G, I like being alive. I'm trying to get married. Get laid. Die an old death because of chicken sandwiches and improper lifting. I've got years left in my life. You wanna know what to look for, and know when to be ready?

You must know de wae. 





((Yes, this had a stupid ending, but I wanted to make a joke story on one of these WPs.))