I couldn’t see them through the bag, but I could hear the men beg. It was pointless, but they didn’t know that yet. How could they have known? I have a capture/kill order on me worth “A fucking shitton”, as one of them eloquently explained. I tried to explain that they needed to let me go, but it fell on deaf ears.

Well, I *had* a capture/kill order on me.

The voices got angrier and more desperate. I heard the phrase “crazy bitch”, immediately followed by three gunshots, and the sound of someone spitting and muttering something. I said that exactly one time a few years ago, and I’m lucky I didn’t meet the same fate. She doesn’t take kindly to crazy.

“Nat, you have to quit doing this. Either kill me or let me be, please. This is getting ridiculous”.  
“Oh come on babe, you’re still alive. They didn’t even hurt you, I got here well in time.”  
“Miranda and the kids have to be worried sick. They even broke a rib, come on. How am I going to explain this?”    
“I can’t hear shit you’re saying, hang on.”

Nat lifted the bag off my head and pulled up a chair across from me. She looked….stunning. Something about the leather jumpsuit, and the handgun leisurely held in her left hand resting on her thigh. And the icy blue eyes—crisp, intelligent, and terrifying. They spoke to me when we were kids, and I fell in love with her, harshly and completely. Now, years later and worlds apart, her exterior match what they were saying.

“Actually, hang on again. Lemme untie you too, sorry about that.”

She sheepishly grinned and went behind me. I caught a brief hint of light vanilla, her regular perfume, as she cut the bonds tying my hands and feed. She’d used the same thing since high school; I’m glad some things don’t change.

Nat ran a hand over my chest, “the rib isn’t even broken you puss. You’re bruised at best. You’ve gotta sack up a bit. Finally play a contact sport or something. Don’t they have intramural leagues for people like you?”

“You didn’t have to kill those guys. They didn’t know any better. Hell, I would’ve killed me for that much money. They were just doing their jobs.”

“I have to stop drinking, I’m sorry. You know you’re under my protection, right? Nobody in the whole world can harm you. Nobody in my world can touch you. Those guys touched you. So they died. You’re protected.”

“Yeah, until you get hammered and put a kill order on me after scrolling through Facebook and get reminded that I have your number blocked.”

A flash of anger crossed her tired face. Talk about the Sunday scaries, right? I decided to dial it back a bit. She was probably incredibly hungover, and managed to drag herself out of bed to make sure I didn’t get gutted. I softened my tone a bit.

“Thanks for saving me, again. I’ll unblock the number, that was undeserved.”

She smiled. We both got up, and she hugged me. It hurt the rib a bit, but that was fine.

“You know how I complained about mixed signals? Moving me from protection to kill probably confuses the hell out of people. Glad someone else feels my pain. I mean, those guys don’t really anymore, but you get the point.”

“I’ll get a jet for you home. I’m so sorry about this, this is the last time, I promise. You won’t see me again.”

We broke a bit from the hug, and I could see her face. The ice in her eyes had briefly melted, creating trails down her face. This wasn’t the hug of two people who would never see each other again. It wouldn’t be the last time.

“A jet? Where the hell am I?” I laughed a bit, and it broke the tension. She grinned and wiped her face.

“Just south of the border. Don’t’ worry about customs or anything, I own a few guys. I’ll get you a car too when you land. You can keep the car, and I’ll get a vacation for you and the family. She won’t care too much if you come back with that. I’ll get you some clothes too, honestly you’re covered in blood and look like shit. They might’ve broken your nose a bit. Sorry about that.”  
She looked at her feet.  
“I have things I need to do today, so this is it. This really is the last time. Tell your wife I’m sorry, if it comes to that.”  
We said our goodbyes and hugged again. She sounded more convinced that time.

I hope she wasn’t.
