"Why are we holding off on the invasion, Prime Minister?" his aide inquired, turning to face the dark locked man sitting regally in his chair set at the head of the long table. His fingers were steepled together before him, casting shadows against his handsome visage.

"Because we have the advantage by not *pressing* our advantage," he murmured quietly to the room that didn't exist, full of generals and spies.

The news had begun to trickle in, first of the robots creating, *creating* an emissary to demand rights, and it had been as their first self-created life lumbered up to the Whitehouse that an alien spaceship had come to hover over the capital building, as well as the capitals of major centres around the globe.

CNN flashed across one screen, followed by BBC on another. They watched as the world fell to panic, as the first report of the dead rising in morgues, shambling into the streets already made into a frothy, chaotic mess from the robots and the aliens filling the streets.

"---coming in that the aliens are demanding that we surrender peacefully, however according to some reports the Sentient Robot Group then broke into the broadcast and requested a chance to parlay with the government in regards to…” the young CNN reporter rushed through the notes she held, while standing before the gates of the White House, the camera far enough back so that it could capture the view of the hovering UFO, while a line of robots had gathered in a clutch at the gate, their hands gesturing to make up for their lack of facial mobility and expression.

A scream cut through the scene, as a body lurched up from the dirt behind the gate, on the lawn of the White House. The security at the gate diverted and headed for the body, guns drawn and yelling. Soon the reporter was drowned out by the report of gunfire, screaming, and the scene began to shake as the person behind the lens picked up the camera and raced to the gate to capture the scene.

It was cacophony for a few seconds, and it was as the gray matter sprayed through the air that the scene cut back to Wolf Blitzer’s serious face, moustache trembling briefly before he opened his mouth to recap the events of the day.

The Lieutenant-General reached for the remote and muted it, they all knew what the recap would explain, and as one heads swiveled back to the leader of their glorious nation. He was calm, collected, and a hint of a smile tugged at the corner of his lips.

“It’s been reported to me by back channels, ladies and gentlemen,” he spoke after a second, his eyes flitting from one tense face to another, “that as we speak the Illuminati have called in their own favours in the White House, in Buckingham and Downing Street, and in other major capitals.”

“What does that even mean?” one voice asked, near breathless at the end of the table amidst the gasps that peppered the room.

He stood up, and loomed over the desk, his hands coming to rest lightly on the tabletop. “Look, this isn’t a surprise. We’re in a position to watch this all unfold, to bolster our defenses, prepare our people and then move in once everyone is weakened.”

Justin stepped away from the table, circling the perimeter to pause at the picture of his father. He looked up at the noble visage, the red flower seemed to glow near ominous in the lapel. A promise of blood, always at the heart. He turned to the room.

“We’ve allowed the world to underestimate Canada’s potential. And so we’ve been left behind. The robots have calculated us as being benign even, and the aliens don’t find our resources worthy of attention. We may get some push back from a few countries; Greenland, New Zealand, but they don’t have access to the resources that we do. Resources we’ll be able to claim as our own once that…” he turns to point at the television, showing a chaotic scene on the streets of New York City, cutting then to scenes in England, Russia, Germany.

“It is time the world knows the true meaning of the TRUE North, Strong, Free and Underestimated for too long!” He raised his hand up, fingers spreading in the air, representing the glorious maple leaf on their flag.

-30-