"So what you're saying is, no whiskey, no real meat, only... this." He held up a piece of her snyth-jerky, her latest and most palpable rendition of her aging scientific breakthrough.

"Right, well we'd have to find a different approach to snyth-esize an ethanol substitute like what was done with the water to prevent it from aging the cells. Though the molecule is larger so it would be more challenging to keep it controlled to prevent the aging effects yet still react to the human brain the same way." She spoke as if she could see a counter tick down on each breath she took. "As for the meat, I think the snyth-jerky is a great first step in the right direction, this was developed in only six months and a very tight budget, so I imagine that with more funding we could accelerate our iteration process."

"Let me stop you right there. I'm sorry, but I think I'd rather die eating and drinking what I love every day than live and wait forever for this..." He flopped the jerky around to point at her, "...this powdery fluid rope to become something that already exists." He paused. "Would you like some champagne? I can have Rez bring us a bottle." She shook her head, deflated. "No thank you." 

"I was hoping we could celebrate our new deal." Deal? Perhaps all that was just an eccentric preamble to play hardball on the revenue split. "And what sort of deal might that be?"

"Well it just so happens that a month ago I was invited to be on the board for Natural Glow and we were hoping that you might be able to do some promotional..."

Her eyes were glazed over by a cascade of familiarity. Of course. Of course it would turn out this way.

Her inbox lately had been a constant stream of grant proposal denials and skincare sponsorship offers. It was only a matter of time before they started combining them into one disappointing mess. Though maybe it was kind of her fault, she did just take her first skincare ad, even if it was the last resort method of getting her research funded into becoming a marketable product.

"...we'd like to expand our offerings to give women more options for full body makeup..."

Yes, everyone wanted to believe that it was just skin deep. Scientific merit be damned. Just attending a single medical conference in Korea 40 years ago was enough evidence for people to **know** that she was a fraud with a plastic surgery addiction.

He cleared his throat. "Well, I guess it wasn't makeup, since I can't see any smudging." His nervous laughter played her out as she grabbed her coat and left without speaking another word.

It had only taken one skincare promotion, that was enough to open Pandora's box and jam it full of cheap commercialism for this generation. Though, smiling sadly, she knew that now she had all the time in the world to waste right now if she wanted to. And that eventually, she would have the last laugh.