“What the... ?”

His voice trailed off. An unbelievable spark of hope burst within me. Could it be???

I rolled under another approaching zombie’s grasp and latched onto his leg, biting like a feral dog. Instantly, the rotten flesh gained color and sprang back onto the man’s exposed bones. He, too, looked around, utterly stunned.

There was no time for a proper explanation. I had two people on my side now. With any luck, we could continue to fight back.

I cupped my hands around my mouth and bellowed as loud as I could.

“Everyone, START BITING!!”

I leapt to my feet and chose my next target - a woman in the rags of a business suit, with one leg broken and twisted behind her. Out of the corner of my eye, my new allies did the same. We ran and bit and ran and bit, dodging attacks. Our numbers grew exponentially. Soon, the turning of the tide was upon us. We outnumbered the undead vastly, and our numbers were still growing.

Soon, I watched as a man in construction worker gear tackled the last straggling zombie, and chomped down on its shoulder.

I had to take a minute to step back and really grasp what had just happened. We were all okay. Confused, and most of the crowd were nursing their bite wounds, but we were okay.

“What now?” somebody from the crowd asked.

What, they expected me to be their leader now? I suppose that I’d built some useful skills fending for myself in this wasteland.

“I guess we could form squads and move out through the city,” I said. “We’re lucky this town is small. Then, once we build up our number we could aim for a bigger city, slowly-”

A woman standing nearby suddenly looked down at her arm with an annoyed expression, and slapped the area in question with her other hand.

“You okay?” I asked.

“Yeah, I’m fine,” she said. “It was just a mosquito bite.”

I nodded, ready to resume my speech.

Suddenly she started screaming, falling to the ground and convulsing like she had a seizure. The crowd backed away, some people beginning to panic again. I watched in morbid but useless fascination as her limbs were sucked back into her torso, her form began to shrink and collapse to a pinpoint. 

It all happened in less than ten seconds. 

And a little mosquito rose from the pavement. 

“It’s okay!” I reassured the crowd, “just bite her again and she’ll go back to normal. A mosquito isn’t as bad as a shambling zombie, anyway.”

Some people stepped forward to try. Their jaws snapped shut like traps in lots of different places, but it was hard enough to squish a mosquito, let alone try and delicately bite it mid-air.

“I think we lost her!” one of the attempted curers shouted. “Can anybody see where she went?”

“AAAAHHHHH!!!”

A little girl in the crowd shrieked, shrinking rapidly, losing some limbs and growing others, as she, too, fell victim to the new plague.

“Oh, God!” Someone in the crowd shouted. “We’re FUCKED!”

The people scattered, clambering over each other to try and put distance between them and the new, tiny, grey speck of a threat. I remember that I tried to hold out, looking for the two infected mosquitos, hoping to stop the infestation before it became uncontainable. But as more and more people turned, I, too, fled for my life.

That was two weeks ago. 

My only chance for survival is to head north, embedding myself into a land of blistering cold, in a place where those infernal beasts can’t hope to survive, for any part of the year.

I sleep every night in terror. Not just for myself, but for the rest of humanity as well. Our new enemy was sneaky, nearly silent, but just as bloodthirsty as the undead that came before. I can only hope that enough of us make it to cold climates before the population collapses entirely. 

I’m currently in southern Iowa, tracking northward every day. I keep an eye out for any of the other surviving human colonies, to warn them of the newly evolved threat. But whenever I find a settlement, the barricades are unmanned, and I swear I can hear a low buzzing noise from within the walls.

Pray for me.