The hum of machinery grew in my mind, perturbing the nothingness. It was abrasive and terrifying, like looking to the foot of your bed and seeing a figure not present before you closed your eyes. 

A *swoosh* contrasted the repetitive and unfamiliar clicks and thuds, familiar to me like an alarm set before; annoying yet welcome. It was the inverse of the last thing I had heard. As soon as it silenced I registered that my eyes were closed, and so made a mental push to open them. It was certainly a task; they seemed to have friction against my eyes, as if a cohesive bond had formed between my cornea and skin over the sleep I had just emerged from. 

Vision was blurry at first but sharpened as i willed it to; little new information resulted from this. Green lights flickered all around and the source of the mechanical murmur was unknown. Before I could even lift a limb I felt my inertia force me forward; suddenly I was out of the place I had awoken in and on the ground. My legs had skirted against the floor but my legs were unable to sustain me upright so I was now on the cold metallic floor. All of this information was overwhelming me. All I knew next was another change in momentum.

A wide sky had opened up to me. Rushing air went past my face, but it was warm and dense. Clouds were the main form I could see but they were alien to me, black wisps, foreign and monstrous. The speed of my decent was apparent to me as I bullet-ed past one; I had gone skydiving before, and my panicked mind retrieved the memory for the sake of control. Panic compounded from this however, as no cord flapped in the breeze in my peripheral. I was in my rubber yellow cleanup suit, as I had been cleaning my area in the aircraft before the sirens...

Suddenly it clicked. I remembered the blaring sirens and the shifting floor. I remembered the screams as the pod *swooshed* open and I fell forward. I remembered the feeling of dread as my limbs went limp. I thought of all of this, instead of the fact that the clouds had gone, leading into a scorched earth. I realized this only moments before I fell upon it, cracking my neck instantly.
~ 
The bugs skittered towards the site of impact, their pincers readied in anticipation. The huge ship overhead had appeared over their base in an instant, and they knew that they would be dropping their greatest asset; the Uber-soldier. But, as they came upon the place where the dot came out of the sky and fell, they vomited. It was a blob of skin and blood, already bubbling and melting into the soot. 

In rapid clicks and hisses one said to the other, "What the hell is this?" 