“Papa,” My great-granddaughter, Mya, shouts as she tugs on the sleeve of my shirt. I turn to see her beaming up at me. Eight years old and full of love and wonder. “What are you wishing for?” 

I smile. I have an urge to tell her that as you get older you wish less and less. You learn that life doesn’t give you what you want just because you asked nicely on your birthday. You either work for it or go without. I resist. After all, I’m jealous of that kind of optimism. If I could wish for anything it would be to feel that way again. 

“I can’t tell you that. Or else it won’t come true.” I wink at her. She’s hanging off the side of my chair, momentarily disappointed that I won’t spill my secrets. She quickly forgets as children do and hops up and down as the cake is placed in front of me. “I’ve never seen so many candles!” I say. The same joke I’ve made since I was eighty-two.

“One more than last year.” My daughter says, playing her part well. She gently rubs my shoulder as I admire the work she put into my cake. She catches me eyeing the different colored candles; my finger hovering as I silently start counting them. She hates this. “Daddy! We don’t have time. You’ll be ninety-four by the time you’re done.” This one’s new; hopefully she’ll say it again next year.

I close my eyes and lean back. I take a deep breath. I think of my grand-children. I try to remember myself at that age. I think of all the birthdays I’ve had where I’ve never made a single wish. This will be my first time- perhaps my last. I open my eyes and blow out the candles. Most of the candles.

I remove the ones that went out. Thirty-nine candles still burning bright. They wait for me to finish the job. I shrug, “Anyone want to help grandpa?” My grandchildren all rush to blow out the remaining candles. 

CRACK! Lightning flashes from just outside the window. The following thunder shakes the house; everyone grabs their rattling drinks before they drop off the table. Silence. Soon everyone is laughing and my daughter is cutting the cake. 

“Looks like it’s really coming down.” My daughter’s husband says as he peeks out the window. “Weatherman said it was supposed to get bad.”

“Maybe everyone should stay here tonight.” My daughter says. “Drivers here are the worst. Even when it’s nice.” 

Tired, I go to sleep early. Since I’m the birthday boy I’m given the guest room. I slip easily into sleep.

I wake to the sound of screaming. The storm outside is still raging. Thunder is rolling in the distance. I jump out of bed and rush to the door. There are more screams now. I go to grab the handle when I stop. My hands. The age spots are gone. They look… young.

I swing open the door, my heart pounding in my chest. I take a step before I realize what I’ve done. _I leapt off the bed? I ran to the door?_ I can’t remember the last time I’ve done either of those two things. This is a dream. More screams. _This is a nightmare._

When I make it to the living room the lights are all turned on. My eyes haven’t adjusted and the light burns little daggers into them. People are crying and talking all around me. Once my eyes recover I look around at a room of strangers. No, not strangers. Then I recognize them. My grandchildren. They’re different- _older._

My daughter sees me and takes a step back. She shakes her head several times and mouths the words, “No. No. No.” She backs up against the wall still shaking her head.

Confused, I run a hand against my face. It feels strange but familiar. I feel a tug on my pajama shirt. It’s Mya. She’s no longer eight; now a teenager old enough to drive. She’s holding something in her hand- a cellphone.  In it I see myself as I used to be. How does she have a video of me back then? It’s then I realize I’m not watching a video; it’s the front camera allowing the phone to work as a mirror.

They’re all looking at me- accusing me. It was just a silly birthday wish. I didn’t think anything of it. I can still see myself on Mya’s phone. I hear myself ask, “Since when did you get a cellphone?”

She frowns as she pockets the phone. “I wished for it when I blew out your candles.”
