“Well... I mean you had a good run H. Furthest I’ve seen a Chaotic Evil anti-party go.” Joe said, amused st the events that have transpired over the past 3 weeks. 

“How many people are in the room with me again? My three attendants correct?” H said, eyed looking intently at the table. 

“Okay dude cut it out. You’ve had your fun and ruined the game it’s time to qu-“ 

H cut Frank off sternly “I said, how many people are in the room?” 

“... 3. You, your secretary and your protege.” Frank said, with a tone of curioisity in his voice. 

“Okay. I turn to my protege and say ‘How would you like to lead the nation?’”

“What’s your intent?” Ted asks

“I’m going to give him power. He’s a younger version of me. Slicked hair and a small mustache, he adores me.” H replied. 

“Bluff check.” Ted replies.

With a sense of carefulness he picks up the D20. He’s rolled so many of these and it’s mostly gone his way. There was the few run ins with Joe that didn’t quite go his way. However, outside of that his bluffs, perception, and saves have been immaculate. He needed just one more. The dice hung in the air for what seemed like a full day. Quietly tapping on the table the number “16” appears.

H murmurs to himself “with a charisma of 20, plus my modifiers,” he turns to Ted. “21”

“You pass.” Ted replies. Everyone has gone silent, curious as to what his play is here. 

“I turn to my protege, addy. ‘Addy, you have served this country well. You are no small part of our success, but I ask you now, are you willing to die for the cause?”

“Y-yes. I am.” Ted replies in a fake voice trying to resemble the young man. 

“Very well. Switch me uniforms boy. After that I will leave this room with Caroline my secretary. After 5 minutes I ask you please, for the sake of Germany and everything you believe in, shoot your self in the head. They’ll come looking and find you and with that. Germany survives and lives to fight another day. It is with this I bid you adieu.”

The tension and passion is audible in his voice. He believes this will work, and fortunately for him, Ted agrees. 

“So what’s your next move?” Ted asks 

“I go into hiding, I change my appearance. Blond messy hair, shave the mustache. I become unrecognizable and wait a few years. I will rise to power again” H replies confidently. 

A loud thump is heard as Ted closes the book. “Well then, good run guys. I’d say Frank and Joeseph Stalin appear to have won this book. I need to get book 3 though and see how it plays out before I do much else though. Meet again in say, 3 weeks?”