"Surely they must be able to see the hypocrisy of such actions!"  The younger of the two species grew increasingly frustrated with the whole exhibit.  He was brazen and spoke with the strength of his people, despite only being a toddler.
"Perhaps they don't."  The two younglings turned and looked up at the Wise One, a gentle smile on her face.  She was said to be many millennia old, despite her youthful appearance.  The stories say that she is even from a time before the creation of this current universe; her memories untainted and her understanding whole.
"Or perhaps they've forgotten *who they are*."

"You see young ones, this universe is one of duality.  Without 'up' there would be no context for 'down'.  And so their minds came up with the logical totality of 'good' and 'evil'.  This is a natural conclusion, but they have missed the point.  They think entirely in terms of opposites, and this divides them, and with a divided people well..."  her voice trailed off into the echoing recesses of the Grand Chamber.  There wasn't a single sound of her footsteps as she made her way to the display.

"These humans are a young species," she said warmly, peering into the advanced apparatus.  "Their collective consciousness are yet evolving and still, they are continuing to sacrifice themselves for not only our protection, but for the protection of this one, small universe; one of many."

"Sacrifice?  What do you mean?"  the older of the two asked in earnest.

"They have chosen, much like you two, to *forget*."

The youngest one chimed in, "Oh!  You mean like us, they were born without knowing where they came from, right?"

"Yes," she replied with a hint of sadness in her voice.

"But then..." the young girl's arms were crossed, and a furrow on her brow.  "You said that we *chose* to forget, but I don't remember choosing such a thing... because I've forgotten?"  The Wise One waited patiently as the young girl worked out the puzzle.  "When was it I chose to forget?"

"Before you were born."

The boy was confused by this, but the girl seemed lost in thought.  

 "Everything was once One thing, and being One, perfect thing was nice *in theory*.  But there was nothing with which to compare Itself to, and therefore *Everything* was *Nothing*.  Everything dreamed the most magnificent dreams, but It wanted to experience rather than just imagine.  So It did the only logical thing It could do: It divided Itself into an infinite number of smaller pieces, and in doing so it lost It's whole memory.  But that can be regained.  Even the smallest piece of the whole is important.  Imagine if even a single atom was taken from a single grain of sand, from an insignificant planet, from an insignificant solar system, within an insignificant star system.  Would that throw off the balance of the entire universe?"

The two children pondered the question for a short while.

"So then how are these ignorant humans protecting *us*?  Shouldn't we just contact them and help?" The young boy asked.

"Without up, there can be no down.  Without war, there can be no peace.  It is woven into the laws governing this particular universe.  And so they have chosen to be born in ignorance and engage in war on that small planet so that the rest of the universe could observe them and live in peace.  That is their sacrifice for all species.  They are the last of us who must suffer."

The children looked down at the desecrated world.

"But their sacrifice will be rewarded tenfold.  When they are finished with their chosen duty on Earth, they will get to observe all the wrongs they have done in their ignorance, all their rights, and will get to create an even better universe than the one we created.  Such is evolution.  And there will be a time long, long after that when everything will come to be one again and start the whole adventure anew.  All things change, except One."

"So if we contacted them and saved them, there would be no other conflict in the entire universe, then?"  The young girl queried.

"Correct.  But what would that mean for this universe if there wasn't?  Where would conflict come from then?  This is a universe of duality and balance, remember."

The two alien children looked to one another for the answer.

"Conflict would come from another universe, children, and it would be much more terrible than you can imagine.  There will be a time when we are ready to end the Earth simulation, but we must prepare our defenses from other universes shrouded in darkness.  Entire universes where their beings have been enslaved, either by shackle and chain; or by greed and endless power.  They spread and invade like viruses, consuming every bit of life around until there is nothing left, and the only way to survive is to travel to another universe.  When we are strong enough, we will unite and travel to those other universes, teaching and becoming.  For now we are safe, but the vast darkness is ever growing, and always hungers for ***more***."