It was a night like any other. The sun was hiding behind a multitude of dark clouds that litered the ground with a torrent of rain. Once again, I was the last to leave the office. Awaiting me at home was left over thai food, a replay of yesterday's Tiger's game and the $10 umbrella I had to buy, the last time it was showering outside. 

Detroit looked like a ghost town with the normal herds avoiding the down pour. I stood at the edge of the office door, psyching myself up for this sprint to find cover. Living just a twenty minute walk away, normally provided relief. However, on this certain day I questioned why i didn't drive into work.

I finally got the tenacity to sprint to a local magazine stand that was covered by a small tarp, with a dim light proving they were still open and ready for business. It felt like an eternity, yet I survived the first leg of my run home. Skidding into the magazine stand, I knocked over a few of the magazines. Falling on the ground and finding a little of the water that seeped under the tarp. I apologized to the man on the stool.

"Let me buy those, I'm sorry sir." I said to the man. Who just remained quiet with n slight grin on his face. I pulled out a twenty dollar bill and handed it over.

"You happen to have an umbrella for sale in here?" I asked the man. 

He just shook his head no and proceeded to hand me the change for the magazines. It felt eerie so I tried to grab the change quickly to get out of there. With my hands soaking wet, the loose change spilled onto the ground. I was about to just leave it for the next patron, when something inside me made me lunge at the pennies that fell.

"You never know Nick, there could be an interesting penny for your collection." I thought to myself. I bent down to to grab the three pennies, two quarters and one nickel. I was about to put them directly in my pocket in preparation for my long run home with my GQ and Mens Health umbrellas. But I took a quick glance at what treasures may await me.

The first penny said 2002, the second penny read 2014, the third penny said 2016. Nothing special and I've now cost myself an extra 60 seconds in this odd magazine stand. 

Resuming my quest to get home, something still struck me as odd. Now, standing directly in the middle of the torrential down pour, under the one street light still glowing. I pulled the coins back out of my pocket. With  my thumb I wiped away the rain drops and realized that the penny from 2014, was infact a penny from 2044. Was this a misprinted penny? This could be worth a ton of money. That's not it though, as I studied the penny closer, it wasn't Lincoln on the front, it was me.

I looked back to the magazine shop, where I received this penny. It was gone. 

My heart started beating faster and I couldn't understand what I was looking at. Was this a prank pulled by someone. Did the man from the stand know me and make this himself? What was going on?

The next day i awoke in the hospital. I couldn't tell where I was at first. Trying to piece it all together, I was still dumbfounded. Assuming that it was all a dream, I sat up. Immediately the nurse rushed in. I asked her what happened. She started to tell me that I was in the middle of the street, in a rain storm, and someone hit me with their car. She told me that the man who hit me was by my side the entire night, but left for work in the morning. She described the man and it sounded just like the man at the magazine stand. 

Maybe it wasn't all a dream, I looked into my pockets but there was no coins. 

I recovered and went back to work a few weeks later. The magazine stand was there so I rushed over to it, to see the guy who had stayed by my side while in the hospital. It was a different guy. When I asked him who else works at this stand, he replied, "I'm the only one who's ever worked this stand." 

So who was that guy I saw on the stormy night? What happened to the penny that had my picture on it? 

I guess we'll have to wait 26 more years to see what it all meant.