Luna knotted the last of her satin bedsheets and silk dresses. She smiled in satisfaction with her handiwork, and after a quick test of its dexterity, she fastened them around her best rope, she threw the line out the window. She watched the satin covered rope propel to the very bottom of the tower, landing in the flower bed.

Her mama would be far from pleases. She imagined her grey irises narrowing into feline slits, a sign of her tightly controlled rage. Her brother would be sent to retrieve her, but they both would come to understand and accept she would not return unless she wanted to. And as of right now, returning was not an option. 

She carried the essentials and made her way down her bedroom tower. She was going to miss her late night reading in the library. Her favorite handmaiden, Bellatrix, would have to sneak into the kitchens without her. Her former professors at the university would feel the pain of a different type of disappointment when they would hear of her exploit.

What she missed was not as important. She scaled down the wall, moving quietly and swiftly, and glad the knot she tied to the oversized wardrobe had done the trick. All she needed to do was make it to the train station before her absence was noted, and timing her speedy dexterity, she was crossing the halfway point she desired. All she needed to do was press a gentle foot on the flower bed.

As she crossed that triumphant threshold, she heard a similar scraping sound to her right. Luna turned her head, felt her chest constrict painfully, and swung her body harshly to the right. 

----------

Solis was falling, and suddenly, he was not. He secured his rope up in the library, but somehow, lost his grip as he descended half way down. He was falling, and without anything to grip, he knew he was about to die or suffer a grievous injury. He closed his eyes, bracing his body and mind for impact, and apologized silently to his parents for his foolishness. 

He didn't reach the ground as anticipated. He was falling one moment, and the other moment, an arm looped around his waist as he plummeted to his apparent death. There was no death. There was simply a tangled mess of silk bedsheets and a soft flower bed that broke his fall. He opened his mouth, gasped, and sat upright with peonies sticking out of his already spiky hair.

"I'm not dead." He gasped, "I'm not dead." He checked his fingers -- all ten, unbroken fingers. He checked his arms, both unbroken. He stood and patted his body, and was relieved that every part of him was unbroken and in good health. He was alive, not dead, and not injured.

"Urrggh," moaned underneath him. Solis stilled in a second and glanced down, and felt the color drain from his face and body. *Wait...is that...no...it can't...but why...oh no.* He rolled the young woman, the fourth princess on her bed, and saw that her arm was bent at a terribly awkward -- unnatural position. *Broken. It was broken.* He swallowed thickly, feeling the muscles in his throat constrict in terror of what was to come. 

All he wanted was to attend the festival.

----------

Luna did not make it to the train station, and Solis did not attend the festival. He gathered the princess' battered body, covering her bag in the dirt, and found a guard to send her to the infirmary. 

"What were you thinking carrying so many books to the library in the first place," Noctis crossed his arms firmly, a thin place replacing the usual jovial smile that masked his expression, "you could have been killed."

Luna sighed, staring at the ceiling and wondering where it went wrong. Her plan was perfect, absolutely perfect, and if she had stuck to the plan...*it can't be changed now.* 

"You're lucky that the third Prince Solis of Ignis was there to find you."

She scrutinized him, realizing shortly that he was not joking, "What do you mean Prince Solis? Wasn't I supposed to meet with --," she couldn't recall his name.

"Prince Rex." He corrected her with a smirk, "Unfortunately, he has...been occupied with certain things, and could not accompany his mother Queen Regina for this visit."

As her brother described the events that unfolded during her stay in the infirmary, her memories forged an image of a young copper skinned man whose eyes were filled with bristled panic as he lifted her into his arms. His hair was a shade darker than her own, a night grace blue tint, and she shook her head, pinching the bridge of her nose in frustration.

"May I ask where he is now?"

"Oh." A light smile played on Notcis' lips as he sat on the bed, "He went to join the festival for its last day. Queen Regina thought it was a good idea, and Selene will host him."

He left her alone with a reminder their parents would arrive to check on her. *And for the truth, Luna.* She watched him leave with indifference. The fact she was not questioned on the state of her room must have been Bellatrix's work. Good. She turned on side, taking care to not disturb her casted arm, and saw a book on the bed stand. 

"At least they left me with some entertainment." She squinted at the leather bound cover, flipping to the first page, she watched as the letters scrambled together. An apologetic melody emitted off the page. 

*"Thanks for the save! And sorry! I panicked. You really need to be careful when scaling down those stairs, y'know! Prince Solis of Imperium."*

Luna fell back on her pillow and sighed. Closing her eyes, she whispered, "There's always next time."

