"Do you understand, Matthew?" asked the tall, trim man in the black suit.

"Yes." I replied, mainly out of reverence for the government agent. I didn't *really* understand, or at least not all of it. I'd been told I was 'patient zero', that a regular bug, the kind that makes people sick, had somehow mutated inside my body and spread from me to other people. That I had somehow created a disease that was harming many, many others. For those others it was much worse than it was for me. The agent was always reassuring me that it wasn't my fault. He said it so often it soon rang false.

"Good. No matter what happens to the others, it's not your fault." said agent Miles once again. "Remember that."

I don't know why I said what I did next.  I suppose it was an expression I'd heard my dad say a lot before he had... or perhaps I thought it would be funny and help shatter the tension that was thick in the hospital ward.

"If I had a nickel for every person I've killed, I'd be rich by now. " I said forcing a smile.

The words slithered out of my mouth like a snake from a cave. A snake that sees a slobbering mongoose waiting for him and quickly tries to retreat back - *but it's too late*, it's already in the predators mouth.

The agent looked at me, squinting his eyes and furrowing his brow. He gazed deep into my eyes as if he were trying to peer into my soul.  I'll never forget that look. It wasn't anger, it was something else. A look of suspicion perhaps, as if he were working out whether I knew something that I couldn't possibly know.

After a moment he tapped me on the head and told me "You'll be able to go home again next week." And with that he walked away and I never saw him again.

---

"Happy birthday, Matthew," my mom said in a melodic chime as she burst into my room. She pulled back the curtains and the sun glared fiercely at me. I paid the glare forward to my mum but she took no notice. 

God, I needed my own place, but mom had been a rock to me ever since dad had gone missing when I was a kid - back when I was ill. A rock through my depression.

"There were some letters for you in the post today. I think this one is from auntie Glenda." She dropped a small pile of mail onto my bed and left. "Get up soon,  I'll make you eggs!" she yelled as she began descending the stairs.

Most of the letters were from family, and some even contained money. Money I desperately needed.  I tore through them ravenously. Soon there was only one envelope left, a raggedy brown thing with nothing more than my name scrawled on it in green ink. *Matthew*. It was noticeably heavier than the other letters too. Curious as to who had come over to the house to post it through the letter box, I ripped it open.

Inside there was a small piece of torn paper and a tiny metal key. "Matthew, I'm sorry for what we did to you, but it had to be someone. Hope this helps. A nickel for each one. Miles" Below that was an address for a bank, and a vault number. "What the fuck?" I whispered to myself as my hands began to tremble. Nausea, guilt and excitement battled for dominance as I jumped out of bed and pulled on my jeans and a tee. I pocketed the key and the note and yelled bye to my mom.

"You need to eat some-" she shouted as I slammed the front door.

