There was an intake of breath from the corner, I could hear it but seeing was a different matter. The lights were on emergency mode since the control panel had been suddenly flooded by our ever competent captain.

 For the record it wasn't entirely his fault the monster had chosen that particular moment to show itself. All pink and wailing it's battle cry. It was terrifying to behold! Everyone dropped what they were holding and ran away screaming.

The captain just happened to be grasping a container of water at the time...

There was a small crash at the end of the hall and something came tumbling towards me. Internally I screeched. I took in the color first, it was brown and tan with a hint of bright blue around what looked like... a neck? This thing wasn't the monster, so was this another creature that had stowed away?

I bent down from my hiding place in the dark corner of the ceiling to see if the small creature was okay.

"Doggy?" A small voice squeaked and a padding of feet came towards me. I gasped my scales shifting to a darker shade and my tail pulling me back up to the ceiling beams. I closed my eyes and focused on my skin. It was a careful balance of dark grey and darker blue to better hide me in this corner. Pure black would stick out in the shadows.

I heard a squeak and a sharp intake of breath a few times. Worried it had seen me I cracked my eyes open a slit. 

Below me in a small patch of emergency lighting sat the small monster clutching the other creature, strangling it in its hold. I shuddered. It was truly terrifying. The bright pink of its clothing seared into my slitted eyes, even in the dim light. The bright yellow wisps of fur on its head weren't much better. 

"Mama..... mama..... where are you...?" It sobbed plaintively. 

The noises it made were like I siren call making me want to come closer and comfort the deceivingly helpless creature. But it couldn't hide it's true nature from me. In fact. The murderous red liquid dripped from its knees. It spread poison with every step it took.

This monster was going to kill us all.