"I'm telling you, angel. 278," I say, grabbing a beer from the fridge and wandering to the table. "How am I at 278?"

Angela walked through the kitchen and closed the fridge door. Concern wrenched her face tight as she stood there, staring through the fridge at something a million miles behind it.

"Angel, please," I say, trying to dissolve some of that tension. "It's gotta be a bug in the app."

This Close Call app had only dropped for civilians today, but it had been in the professional circles for ages. The insurance industry had created it to adjust risk or something, although even they couldn't pinpoint where it got the data from.

"I mean You're at 15 right?" I add. "And they said that's high even for a detective. Meanwhile I'm sitting around here all day smashing beers, and I'm at 278? I betcha it's counting all the times I nearly died in Fortnite or something."

"It can't be that, they said it's flawless," she says, smiling as she turns towards me. "They couldn't use it to jack up my premiums if there were any errors, half the jackasses in my precinct play as much Fortnite as you."

She grabs her phone from her pocket, and her smile slips away. 

"You gotta go don't you?" I ask, already knowing the answer. She nods. "It's not the Tumblr killer again is it? I know he only shoots straight white dudes, but shit... what if you get in his way? I dunno angel, it stresses me out."

"It probably isn't that," she says. "I'll be fine. I'm not the one sitting on two hundred and seventy eight close calls." I can't read her eyes. It's like she wants to joke about it, but she's just too concerned for my safety.

"That's what worries me baby, I won't make it to 300 if I don't have my angel!" I say, standing and kissing her. Her smile is back. I spank her on the ass as she heads to the door. She hadn't even taken off her holster or her badge before they'd called her out again.

"Can you grab some more beer on your way home too gorgeous?" I yell. "We're all out, and I'm gonna smash it with the boys tonight."

She stops in the doorway, the hallway fluorescent backlighting her like some sort of heavenly being until my eyes adjust. Instead, all I can see is her perfect figure, still as a statue in the doorway, unmoving. I start to wonder what she's thinking, but I can't stop myself.

"By god you have a sexy silhouette!" I call out, putting on my best southern gentleman accent. She barks out a quick laugh and shakes her head, closing the door and heading off to work.

I head over to the couch and grab my headset and PS4 controller. Mikey's already on.
"Mikey, dude. You've gotta see what I got on the CC app," I say, loading into Fortnite. "I'm pretty sure it's counting all the times I've had to save your ass."

I grab my phone out. I'll screenshot the app and chuck it on twitter -- maybe I can go viral. That'd help my youtube channel. The app's taking it's time, which is annoying, but it opens eventually.

Weird. Now it's saying 280.