A little late to the party but I HAD to do this one. 

"You're not allowed to die, okay?" She made me promise, tears flowing down her face. "Stay with me, we'll make it home. You're not allowed to die."

It had happened so fast. I had heard a yell, heard the mighty beasts screech, and seen the carriage as it struck me. I remember my head hitting the pavement, then blackness, then waking up in her arms. I couldn't feel my legs. I couldn't feel anything beneath my ribs save for warm damp blood soaking my skin. She carried me home, the entire time repeating to me in a soothing voice "You're not allowed to die."

I rested by the fire, warmly isolated from the freezing Bristol winter outside. The entire time, she watched over me, bringing me food and water, giving me blankets when I was cold, and repeating to me "You're not allowed to die. I won't let you." I sat with her at that fire until I had lost track of time completely. I ate, the pain subsided, she cleaned my wounds and they healed. A doctor came by and said I might never walk again, but I proved him wrong. I proved to her that I wasn't going to die when I was able to walk up to her again and feel her warm embrace.

When she got married, I was with her. I walked proudly as I carried her ring down the aisle, and I waited patiently for her to return from her honeymoon. When she had her children, I was the one who watched them and protected them. When her daughter moved away, I went with her to protect her. Years passed and I grew no older. Even as her beauty faded into her daughter, I grew no older. When she passed, she made me promise again. Told me I wasn't allowed to die. I sat by her bedside until the doctors carried her body away.

When her daughter had a daughter, I saw in her what I had seen in her grandmother all those years ago. I became close to her daughter, became her best friend, her playmate, and her guardian. I loved her daughter, and when her daughter reached adulthood and married I went to live with her. I still visited home every now and then, but gradually my home changed. I embraced my new family, watched my new family grow up, and when Her daughter passed away I felt it, and I visited her grave. But I did not die. I was not allowed to die.

When she left England on a boat I went with her and her husband. When they arrived in America I was with them every step of the way. I raised their children as well, protecting and guarding them as well as being a companion. When her son grew up and went to war I waited for him every day. When he came back I was overjoyed and went to live with him for some time. I was there for her death. She was allowed to die, I understood, but I was not.

When her son had a daughter, I saw her in the child and I took to it. I protected her until she was grown, and when she married I went with her, leaving my old master once again. When her husband went to war as her father had, I waited patiently for him to come home. She waited alongside me.

It was a long war. He came home for Christmas, but was forced to go back. He did not come home again. A man in blue brought her a letter thanking her for his service. She cried into my shoulder that night, sobbing those same words. "You're not allowed to die, okay?"

Even with him gone, she grew and had a child. I saw him in the child, and I became that child's companion as I had so many times before. When the child's mother passed, I was at her bedside. I wish I could've told her not to die. Now, I was with the child. I protected her, and I watched her grow as had happened so many times before. I watched her husband go to war and come back. I watched them have children. I watched her husband die. I was there for her as she repeated those same words to me, those same bittersweet words that had been uttered to me for decades. "You're not allowed to die, okay? You're not allowed to die."

Her room was not like the rest of the hospital. The walls were covered in cards, the table bore a vase with red roses. As I entered the dimly lit room I saw her laying in her bed, pale and weak but every bit as beautiful as her great-great-great grandmother, what, two hundred years ago. She opened her eyes and smiled at me weakly, and reached out her hand. I approached and sat next to her and she placed it gently on my forehead. In a shaky voice, she whispered those gentle words to me. "You're not allowed to die. They need you still." At the foot of the bed, her son, my new master, burst into tears. I nuzzled my wet snout against her face and felt her warm tears against me. "You're not allowed to die. You're a good boy." She whispered, and her breathing rattled to a stop. I wiped the tears from her face, then turned to face my new master. Tail tucked between my legs, I rested my head in his lap and his hand shakily scratched my ear in my favorite spot.
