“NO IM NOT A FUCKING CHILD! I WAS OLD ENOUGH TO DRINK BEFORE YOU WERE BORN!”

Just like every other Friday night, I’m forced once again to show my ID to some pretentious scumbag nearly half my age.  I mean God I’m fifty fucking four years old! When can I get some damn respect!

I pass my plastic plate of actual maturity to him and he takes a moment to inspect it. I’ve often considered getting a fake ID to make myself reasonably younger. Sometimes they’ll just kick me out because they think I’m lying. I hate when they think I’m lying. 

Well it happened again.

I head back to my apartment. The one place where I can actually exist in peace. Without the world judging me in their own cynical narrow ways. Without the eyes that watch me when I drive, or when I step foot into somewhere someone who looks like me ought not to be. Sometimes I wish I could just tear those eyes away so that they couldn’t see who I was. So they’d have no problem. I’ll pretend I’m mute and then they’ll believe me. Yeah, then they’ll believe me.

About a week ago I was approached by some girl. She smiled at me and did all the things I’ve seen young girls do for a long time now. She asked me if I’d go with her to a dance. She didn’t believe me. So I told her I was into hard drugs and I carried a pistol. That scared her away. I may seem young but I’m still 54, you can’t take advantage of the world just because the world takes advantage of you.

I once went to the news. They just thought I looked extremely young. It was on the papers. No one believed me. The black and white on the crumbled paper couldn’t show depth beyond my eyes. After that no one cared anymore. No one believed me.

I turn in the lights next to the front door and bolt the lock. I pass by the blue glow of a half shut refrigerator. I’ve grown tired of not being tired. I’ve grown tired of having energy. 

I pick up a picture of a girl I’ve had for a while. Her eyes are big and brown, and they stare into mine as if she knows me. She see’s who I am, what I am. She knows me. I’ll fall asleep beside her again tonight. Who else would fall asleep beside me but her? Who else would I want beside me but her? See she knows me. She knows me. She believes me.