In my entire life I have never had a moment of certainty. Not when I got married. Not when I had kids. Not when I lost my job, but that moment right before I died, I was sure I wanted to. 

What people never tell you about shooting yourself in the head is you feel the pain. It’s only a split second, but you feel it right before you die. Think of a headache times ten thousand and throw a piece of metal screaming through your frontal lobe. In that split second theres more that you feel too. You wouldn’t think so much can happen in just a second, but you’d be surprised. You feel your memories collapsing. 

Seeing your wife at your wedding and looking at her pregnant belly and only cursing yourself for letting it get like this. Gone. Looking at your hands instead of your dads casket being lowered into the ground. Gone. 

All your shitty deeds removed. All your sins, your efforts, everything ripped away in a single second and then replaced. 

Death is still just a single second, and after that second, I’m sitting in some movie theater. I’m not talking about one of those ones that you take an elevator down to get to and when you sit there you feel like you’re about to get shot. I felt safe. It felt like a tangible safe. What was the word again? It was comfortable. 

I didn’t know the theater but I knew the people. I think thats what made me comfortable. There was nothing on the screen and the lights were up, but nobody talked. Everyone just looked at the screen but one guy.

The man next to me dawned a black bowler cap and looked like he was born straight out of some 1800’s old west movie. Out of all the friendly faces, I sat next to this chump who looked at me as if I had just taken a dump on his wife. I wanted to punch his disgusted face in so bad. Wipe that look off.  

I took a drag of my cigarette and shook it off. When did I get a cigarette. It didn’t matter. I could feel the nicotine running through my body, making my cheeks turn slightly rosy and my head feel a little lighter. 

The lights started to dim and I could feel everyone start to scrunch up in their seat as if they were about to watch the same movie again and didn’t want to. Almost like in clockwork orange when they start playing Beethoven and the kid freaks out, but they don’t verbalize it. They just squirm uncomfortably. Twiddling their thumbs, crossing their legs. Wiping their sweaty palms on their overcoats(why was everyone dressed so oddly?)

I heard the camera start up. Why did I hear that. You can never hear that in a theater. Numbers start flashing on the screen. 

3
2
 
The man in the bowler lets three words spill from his jaw line. 

“You ruined it”

I remember everything 

1