Wildlings stood, many of them watching the meeting hall silently, wondering what was being discussed. Crows here, at Hardhome? Claiming Tormund as their ally? It was enough to keep many of them waiting for any word. That scrutiny wasn’t enough to distract them from noticing the odd bit of lightning as it began to spring up in the middle of the camp. Those sitting at the fire began to back away as bolts rose and sparked. There was a cascade of lightning glimmering in a sphere, the ground burning, logs disintegrating, the fire vanishing… and then there was a man. Naked and kneeling, curled just above ground so hot it glowed red.

The wildlings were transfixed by the sight of him. And then he rose.

***

Wood creaked. Dim light from a winter sky filtered in. Jon stood inside what he could only call the largest structure he had seen beyond the wall. Inside of it, staring at him, were dozens of ‘elders’. Some of them seemed barely older than him. One of them was a giant. None of them were pleased to see him. “My name is Jon Snow. I’m Lord Commander of the Night’s Watch. We’re not friends. We’ve never been friends. We won’t become friends today. This isn’t about friendship. This is about survival. This is about putting a 700 foot wall between you and what’s out there.”

A woman, pale skinned with raven hair spoke plainly, “You built that wall to keep us out.”

A man with scar ridges running along his skull instead of hair followed her, “Since when do the crows give two shits if we live?” His voice oddly soft, but Jon could sense the danger there.

“In normal times we wouldn’t. But these aren’t normal times. The white walkers don’t care if a man’s Free Folk or Crow. We’re all the same to them, meat to their army. But together we can beat them.”

“Beat the white walkers?” The woman sounded skeptical to say the least, “Good luck with that. Run from them, maybe.”

Jon shifted the pouch from his shoulder and held it out to her, “It’s not a trick.” He said, and she took the bag, the other wildlings standing back. “It’s a gift for those who join us.” He stepped back next to Ed and Tormund, watching the woman withdraw one of the daggers from the bag. “Dragonglass.” The woman passed the bag on and he continued, “A man of the Night’s Watch used one of these daggers to kill a walker.”

The scarred man’s voice rose, disbelief plain in his words, “You saw this?”

“No. But I trust the man.”

There was a small rustle at the door and it was shoved open. All eyes were drawn to it as one of the wildlings looked around warily, “Any of you crows go by Jon Connor?”

Jon blinked, “Connor?” He glanced at Ed, who shrugged his shoulders and looked confused, and then looked back at the wildling, “No. Why?”

The wildling gnawed on his lip, glancing at the elders whose reaction could only be called mixed, “A naked man appeared in camp. He stripped someone naked then started asking fer a Jon Connor.”

The man with scars on his head shot Jon a foul glance, “Is this some sort of trick?”

“Negative.” A man, tall, muscular and very, very naked stepped past the wildling at the door, almost knocking him over. “I am here for John Connor.”

The elders looked between the nights watch commander and the new arrival. Jon had to give him credit; it took a brave and foolish man to search for someone in temperatures like this without as much as a thought to clothing. “I don’t know of any John Connor. Why are you looking for him?”

“My mission is to protect him.”

The woman looked him up and down, “Don’t you think you would have an easier time if you were wearing some clothes?”

The man paused, then turned to the man he had knocked over, “Give me your clothes.”

There was an awkward pause, the man on the floor goggled at him, “What?”

Jon coughed, “I think we can provide you with some clothes.” He shot Ed a look who frowned, but took off his overcoat and walked over to the man, reluctantly handing it over, “But this is an important meeting.” He tried, diplomatically to get the man to leave.

The man looked at him, “You are discussing a war that is coming Jon Snow.” Silence descended once more, “The white walkers you speak of. You are fighting them?”

All eyes turned back to Jon, “Yes. We have to. If we don’t, no one will be able to stop them.”

“Then until I find John Connor, I will protect you.”

The man with scars lining his head growled, “Enough of this show.” He pointed at Jon, “You put this together to trick us? Did you think we would fall for a naked man listening to your words? Did you think you could confuse us into joining you?”

“I didn’t… I don’t even know who he is.” He said, exasperated, then looked at the cloaked man, “And I don’t think I need protecting.”

“Oh?” The man with scars lining his head sneered, drawing his axe, “We’ll see about that.”

“Loboda.” The woman said quickly, but he silenced her with a glance, “You or your protector Jon Snow, who do I kill?”

“Negative.” The man said and began to approach the Thenn. Jon nearly tore his hair from his head, but the wildlings were already moving away from the brewing fight. 

Jon turned to Tormund who sighed, “I hate Thenns.”

Loboda’s mouth twisted into a snarl as he lifted his axe and brought it down hard. The nearly naked man merely raised his hand. And caught the blade. A profound silence descended as Loboda struggled vainly to free his weapon. “You will not hurt Jon Snow.” Almost casually he reached out with his other hand and grabbed the haft of the weapon, then, without warning, shattered it.

Jon took a step back. Everyone took a step back. The Thenn leader stumbled backwards and fell on his ass. His fingers had been a mere inch from where the wood had burst into splinters. “What in the god’s names are you?” To his surprise Jon realized it had been his voice.

The blade fell from the man’s hand, “I am Cyberdyne System 101.” Confused glances spread throughout the room once more, Jon just as much as the people who were looking at him, “I am a Terminator.”

*So... do you think a Terminator can change the outcome of Hardhome?*