You'd be surprised at what you can get used to.


Looking back, I never could have imagined in my wildest dreams that I would be where I am. I never would have considered adoption in the first place but that I couldn't stand to go home to my empty and spacious house anymore without anyone to care for. I took care of my wife when we were married, she was the high-powered executive but over the years we quietly drifted apart. We're still friends and parted amicably, we still occasionally talk and help each other out. After that, my sister lived with me for five years while she went to school until she graduated and moved across the country to accept a job. After six months of living alone for the first time in my life, without anyone to care for, I couldn't take it anymore. A friend at work suggested that I consider adoption, something I never thought about before, but it had made sense. When I was married, I wanted children, but my wife was more concerned about her career.


I had intended on adopting one child, but when I heard the story of the girls that would be my own, my heart simply broke. They had been left at a fire station and since then had been bouncing from home to home, staying no where for more than a year. They refused to be separated, reacting explosively, even violently if threatened with it. I couldn't help but to take them all in.

It had been almost twenty years since I took them in. It had been a long journey, one that was not nearly over, but also one that I would never have given up for anything. However, I noticed unusual things about each of my girls with time. Fantine was a quiet and introverted girl who could eat and eat and stay thin. I don't think I ever saw her without food in her hand of some kind. Whenever I asked her why she eats so much she simply shrugged. Wilhelmina was always getting in fights. Whether it was someone that looked at her wrong or someone that treated someone else wrong, Willie seemed to love to fight, never smiling more as when she had some bruises and welts, indeed she was proud of them. Carmen was always eager to meet strangers, much to my chagrin and worry, and it didn't matter who, she could get them to do whatever she wanted, charming, threatening, or cajoling them into her service. However, as they got older, these interesting quirks magnified. I've seen rooms of people with Fantine eating ravenously until they threw up. I've seen Willie start fights that threatened to turn into riots and I'd be lying if I said I didn't have to pick her up from juvenile hall or jail occasionally. I've seen Carmen convince people to give her things they shouldn't have, passwords, car keys, cash, IDs. Still, they're my girls and they always will be. With time, even these things became just little quirks as I tried to keep them on the straight and narrow. As I said, you'd be surprised at what you can get used to. Diana has her own quirks, but mostly she has been...well, normal. She's always been mature for her age and now she dresses like a young business professional, even in her leisure time.

It started with a crash. It always starts with a crash. I rolled my eyes for a moment and continued to read on my Kindle. It was usually best to let these tire fires burn themselves out. Hopefully there wouldn't be too much collateral damage, but in the end, they would be the ones cleaning it up. Now cursing, loud cursing. In this house, loud means *loud*. I saw Diana coming down the stairs, buttoning up a blouse as she was heading for an interview. She rolled her eyes some as there was another crash. I was glad she was mature enough to be on my side.

"It's Fannie and Willie. Apparently Fannie is dating a guy that Willie just broke up with or some such business."

I shook my head, feeling too tired for this business as there was a pinprick of pain in my forehead heralding a headache. It was about a boy. The house might not survive before this burns out. Now there was thumping and the sound of feet stomping and scurrying about upstairs.

"Girls! DOWNSTAIRS!" I shouted so loud, I had to steady myself on my feet again. This had gone too far. I heard a charge of feet downstairs as Fantine flew down the stairs, a box of Cheeze-Its in her hand.

"He likes me better, you ox! I guess he's into girly girls and not butch dykes!" Willie roared at that jab and almost jumped the entire set of stairs as Fantine came skittering behind me dressed in her frumpy hoodie and sweat pants. She hadn't planned on going anywhere and that was her usual house attire. Willie fumed, her face a deep crimson as she roared out, wearing a sleeveless gym hoodie and gym shorts that showed the result of the hours spent at the gym. They circled around me then made for the kitchen. It was hard to believe my girls are out of high school, they still acted this way. Carmen was at the top of the stairs in her eye-catching clothes, smirking as she watched the scene pay out from afar.

"Girls! Stop this!" I shouted, but got nothing. I could feel the heat rising in myself. "GIRLS!" I shouted loud enough to take the wind out of my lungs and I had to take a moment to breathe. "Girls, stop this..." I couldn't quite seem to be able to shout anymore as it felt like someone was sitting on my chest.

"Dad?" Diana looked at me with sudden concern, walking to my side. As she did, I felt a stabbing pain in my chest and I collapsed against the couch, clutching my chest, wheezing out and unable to speak. "DAD!!!" She shrieked as she held my hand. Her sudden cry brought a halt to everything in the room. Willie and Fantine came into the room furtively and Carmen raced from the stairs to my side as I felt the stabbing pain turn into a twisting of the nonexistent knife in my chest.


"Call an ambulance!" Diana order to Carmen who raced to the phone.

Willie was already at my side, in utter tears, holding my hand firmly. "Daddy, I'm so sorry, please forgive me!" Fantine was at the corner of the couch in complete shock, rocking a bit, the box of crackers spilled on the floor. Carmen desperately barked directions into the phone as everything I knew went black.

I awoke in a haze, my world slowly coming into view. I found myself laying back on a terribly uncomfortable bed, my vision slowly clearing to see my girls in the room, distraught, fear and worry etched on their faces, which melted into relief when they saw my moving around. They all rushed to my side and for a moment, I felt utter contentment surrounded by my girls, but guilt at the circumstances that had caused them to worry me.

Diana held my hand. "Dad, you had a heart attack. It was pretty bad...the damage..." She paused when Willie started to sob over me. "Let me speak to him alone." Fantine and Carmen looked at her before nodding silently and helped Willie outside. Diana looked at me with tears in her eyes, her stoic features crumbling. "They said your heart is going to give out. The damage is bad. Dad..." She began to quietly cry over me as I reached out and stroked her hair, coming face to face with my own mortality before my daughter.

When she stood again, she had a strange look of composure about her, as if she was doggedly determined to do something. She stared at me dead in the eyes. "I know what you've thought." Her voice was firm and I felt a moment of confusion, but too weak to express it. "You're right. Yet, you took us in, raised us all together, you showed us love and kindness in a world that would have pushed us aside as refuse. Where others left us, you stayed with us." I felt a rush of wind...inside the room without a window open. Her voice grew deep and I can say I was in fear of the woman I knew as my daughter. "All who live, know my name. All who are born, pass into my hands." Her midnight hair fluttered in the wind as her face grew ghostly pale and her eyes as dark as midnight. A silvery wave passed over her hair, staining it a bone white. "I am the Pale Rider, by my hand shall the world know the next Kingdom only through its unmaking. I am the deliverer, held by the Fourth Seal, and I hold the keys to eternity! And I..." She looked down at me and even through this terrifying visage that I did not know of, I still saw my Diana. "I say that you will not die...you cannot die..." The strange mask she wore, the wind, it ended and returned to normal as she held me, wrapping her arms around my form as my chest grew lighter and my breathing was deeper and more regular. "You will not die, Dad, not while I'm here. We need you...more than you know."

I could only reach down and stroke her hair once more as my heart returned to normal in a recovery that would be described as miraculous. Diana, Carmen, Fantine, and Wilhemina were my daughters, my girls. Before anything else, they were my family.