As the last of the bandages came off my face, I decided to keep my eyes closed. Just before Dr. Nicole stared to speak, I turned my head to face her and requested she start the questioning. I heard several gasps around the room, as if I did something wrong. Calmly, she asked me how I knew where she was without opening my eyes. I responded, "I see four presences in the darkness. Two more in the next room; one standing, one sitting up on what I assume to be the bed. In the room opposite, four. All are standing around something, grieving. I can guess the patient didn't survive." When I finished speaking, there were a few whispers between the other people in the room.

"Jonathan, I need you to open your eyes so we can continue with standard procedure." At the request of my doctor, I complied. We went through a few basic tests determining whether I could match certain shapes, tell different colors apart, those kinds of things.

After those tests, however, Dr. Nicole asked if I was okay with answering a few questions she has about my peculiar second-sight. "First, with your eyes open, can you still see those in the adjacent rooms?"

"No. I just see each of you, but the walls block out anyone else."

"Okay, close your eyes again. You said you could *see* people in the next rooms. Are you able to describe what the presences look like?"

"Now that I think about it, it's more of sensing that they are there. I turn my eyes to where they are and I see only more darkness, but I know that I am looking directly at them. Imagine as if you knew where ghosts where, even if you couldn't see them."

"Ok. Next, you mentioned you could tell that the family of another patient is grieving. How did you know they are grieving?"

"The presences seemed dimmer. I somehow knew it meant they were sad for whatever reason, but I could tell they were standing around something in the middle of the room, so intuition told me something they cared about was gone. I guess it just made sense to me, so I spoke it aloud."

"I think I understand. So, you can see normally with your eyes open, but when you close them, you can sense other people around you, and somewhat how they're feeling. Is this correct?"

"I believe so. I'm not entirely sure I do 'see normally', since it's my first time, but I trust you would know. Is there anything el-" I froze, sensing something disturbing.

"Jonathan, what is it? What's wrong?"

"Close the door, lock it, block it with something, *anything*, just make sure it can't be opened from the outside. You gave me my sight, so I'll use it to save your life. I'm seeing a bloodthirsty presence coming, their rage so large and barely controlled that I can tell that you are the target."

"Are you sure you're feeling alright? I haven't done anything to anger someone, and security would've stopped anyone who would try to harm a patient or staff member."

"Dr. Nicole, do you trust me? Why would I try to harm the person who gave me sight, with three other people here? This is your last chance to jam the door before whoever is coming gets here."

"I'll believe you just this once. If it turns out to be a false alarm, you'll be the one to answer for it." With that warning, the four other people in my room started pushing anything heavy in front of the door. I focused on the angry person coming, trying to discern why they would attempt murder in a hospital. Just as the last item was pushed into place, we heard something slam into the door from the other side, with someone yelling, demanding to be let in.

At the sound of the voice, Dr. Nicole jumped, saying "That voice... it's the head manager of this hospital. We have to let him in!"

"NO! Your life depends on keeping him out. Call security, demand that they search him before we open the door."

Muffled, the voice shouts out "You know that I forbade that operation! You know what the consequences are for performing it!"

Dr. Nicole's face paled at the last statement "Oh god, I didn't think anyone would find out. How did he catch wind of this? He'll kill me if he gets in... so that's what you meant. You were telling the truth. I owe you my life, Jonathan."

"You gave me the tool that saved your life, you saved your own life. No debt is owed. Looks like security is just about here."

Once security had arrived and gained control of the situation, we cleared the way to the door. After being told that everyone had disagreed with the ban on the operation that let me see, I was told I was allowed to leave.

The first time I blinked my eyes when I was outside, I blacked out from the sheer number of people I could sense on the city streets. Ever since that day, I've had to train myself to be able to handle that many presences around me wherever I went.