"So why do we have the other options?"

"Hrm?"  Doctor McClane grunted at the young initiate as he turned the dials down and reached over to enter the patient's Nakatomi combination.

"If everybody chooses all luck, why do we have dials for every stat?"

"Ah, I see," said the doctor, tuning the Gruber array.  Finally, he flipped the last dial up to maximum with a practiced twist.

"What you must understand, young man, is that we all must be given the choice.  When you are old enough, you will be given the same choice as everyone else.  Free will, above all, is what allows us to ethically require every citizen to reroll upon attaining majority.  If the government were to evaluate and dictate, we'd be monsters.  Any requirement or encouragement on the part of the state would be tantamount to a systematic playing of god, and so we enforce silence instead..."

Doctor McClane's soothing diatribe held the innocent teenager's attention.  While he droned on about the specific moralities of his chosen profession, he consulted a clipboard and ran through a few final checks.

"...and so, you see why it is purely the choice of the individual," finished the doctor, pulling down on a rather large lever.

The machinery whirred to life, gently sparking as the radio transceivers charged to maximum.

"However, to date, as I said before, everyone has chosen to maximize luck.  This individual.  Myself."

"You, doctor!?  You operate this machine with zero dexterity and zero wisdom!?"

As if on cue, the Tony-arm on the flyback wheel caught suddenly on some unseen mechanism, and bounced out of its position toward the doctor's head.  Deflected at the last moment by the rotating Marco-Heinrich assembly, it dropped harmlessly to the floor.  The JA ports launched out of a small black box, and it toppled over backwards, falling off the table.  The Fr² assembly similarly bit the dust.

Hiding in the corner screaming, the new technician risked a peek at the doctor, who appeared to be quietly laughing.

The Karlfield generator began to smoke, and the ULI readout's garbled screen flashed bright colors until it too caught fire.  The theomometer below was knocked out of its socket by ricocheting debris, the krist was shut off, and the electron damping diamond interferometer was shot.

The entire Gruber array teetered to on side, and the technician watched as it fell off the work table, almost as if in slow motion.

All is quiet in the workroom, save the occasional sputtering of dead machinery.  Miraculously, the three individuals are unharmed.

"What have you done? Everything is destroyed!  And-"

He flinches as the Karlfield generator gently explodes.

"And the patients stats are all over the place!"

"Yes," replies the doctor.  "Lucky for us no one was hurt."

Picking melted plastic off his shaved head, the doctor stares off into the distance.

"Luck is a strange stat.  Very hard to understand.  You can see when someone calls upon their strength.  Charisma is sometimes subtler.  But luck?  How do you know when luck hits?"

"No, my young friend.  Easy fortune and wealth will always tempt, but a balanced life is best."

"Luckily, this happens every time."