I walk out onto what seems like a dream and...... breathe, what is this, how am I still here? This questions all buzz through my head at a million miles a second. “So what next” I proclaim to myself “I guess since I’m the only one here I can finally talk to myself and it not seem crazy, that’s a plus I guess” I’ve been alone for a while at this point. Outside of the four year cat nap I lost my two best friends and the love of my life, and it was painfully clear then and even more now that I am stuck here. On this rock. Alone. 
I wonder what Jay would do if he was still here? Probably crack some joke about the lack of women or weed on mars, or maybe ask if we were almost there yet. Jay was saying things that made me feel better and laugh, but now he’s just a speck of dust on a planet full of it. 
Maybe Mike is the person I really need, Mike though I never told him was always a person I looked up to, he was so confident, brave, and beyond intelligent. He was always cool under pressure and is half the reason I’m here in the first place. Which maybe I should resent him for but Shit going to mars was the dream man and we weren’t going to give up on it.
And my last and biggest pain is my love Sophia. You ever just met someone and it clicked. Like turning the key in an ignition and hearing that motor rumble as your prepare for your trip to wherever or lighting a fire on the grill on a warm summer day. Some things just make sense, that’s how I felt with her, like things finally made sense. When your a drug addicted semi genius with aspirations of going to space you have to have someone to keep your grounded, and that was what Sophia was to me. 
If only I hadn’t crashed the rover we’d all still be here together. Hanging out talking about the future and what we were going to do when we got back from being the first people to stay a month on Mars, but we never made it back, hell we didn’t even make it the month.
I took one last look at the space around me. All there was was emptiness and loneliness for miles and miles in any direction. So the last of the equipment I can find I tie myself a little rope and hang it from the top of the captains closet on the highest rack it will reach. Move a chair under the noose and slowly position my head into the circle I have made for myself. What is life with no one? Is it worth living when the only person you had the love for is gone, when you can only complete the mission of a life time half way with no chance of returning. What is life surrounded by dust and emptiness. Maybe that’s all it is in the first place. But as I step up and prepare to take my last step and breath only one thing goes through my mind. “Why couldn’t the pod have stayed on longer, I set it to infinity so it would never come to this” but I guess this is the universes way of getting even with me. 