"Hello folks, this is your captain speaking. We have seemed to run into an issue up here, one of our engines seems to have pulled something into it's turbine. No worries though, this is a duel engine aircraft, we will have to land though as we cannot make the rest of the leg on one engine. We ask you remain seated with your seatbelts securely fastened as we reroute to the nearest airport. Thank you folks and sorry about the delay."
"Damnit", thought Johnathan. He wasn't worried, he knew the protocol; reduce throttle, increase pitch and limp into the closest air strip that's long enough to accommodate this monstrosity of an Airbus. He'd had his vfr licences for a few years now, just single engine but it was all close enough in theory. He just hates being late. Besides if there was real trouble Jinx would be...
"Meow"
"Double damn." Jonathan muttered aloud. Now he was going to be really late. "You know, I wouldn't mind if you just came around for a scratch behind the ears without me being in mortal danger." Jinx just looked at him with lazily with her sparkling sapphire eyes. 
"Who's that man talking to daddy?" The child across the row and back a seat asked.
 The man looked up from is device briefly and said "Damn emotional support animal." Then went back to his book and muttered "country is filled with pussies...and not the grabbin kind." The man chuckled softly to his idiotic joke and continued reading something most likely titles millennials are destroying all the industries. Johnathan wouldn't mourn the man. It was unfortunate his child would most likely die though. It was the way of the world though. Johnathan had tried to be a hero many times before, fate always caught up with the individuals. Sometimes mid escape, one had been particularly difficult. Three long weeks she had lived and boy had they lived. Suffice to say she was VERY grateful he has saved her. That had been a good three weeks and it had been very hard since. 
"Even the young ones know you're crazy" the cat's sultry voice echoed in his mind. The cat spoke infrequently, almost never with anything useful and never in answer to questions. He'd given up years ago on getting any answers. She hadn't even told him her name. That had been something Johnathan had come up with in his early years of seeing her. Back when he hadn't known she was more than a random stray he saw just before bad things happened. She didn't seem to like it much, which was why he still used it.
Jonathan shook his head up clear away the painful memories. He has some surviving to do. Jinx jumped down from the seat and began walking the aisle to tail of the plane. Surprisingly he had made it to the back unperturbed by flight attendants. Once to the rear Johnathan let out a mental sigh. Jinx was pawing the door. As in the emergency exit door...that opens up to 36,000 ft of empty air followed by an abrupt stop. 
Jinx' s eyes seemed to smile when it dawned on him what she wanted. "You've got to be fucking kidding." No reply of course. He looked around and saw all the passengers were in their seats with their belts fastened. He put his hand on the door and said "the plane isn't even doing anything, we are on our way to land." Johnathan knew there was no point in arguing, she was always right. Damn women.
Just then the plane seemed to hang for a moment. Paused in that moment between. That moment of a silent stillness. That moment your stomach lurches in preparation to fall, and so they did. 
The plane lurched in the sky, the engine wasn't enough or the pilots angle was off, maybe another mechanical issue. It didn't matter. In an instant the 5,000 ton hunk of metal became an oversized paperweight. "A paperweight with wings is still able to glide though right?" You're probably asking yourself. You would normally be right of course, but when you're already in a high pitch and lose thrust you stall. Then go into a tailspin. Correcting a tailspin can be difficult. Now add a few thousand tons to the factor and the constant shift of balance from language tumbling around.
This all went through Johnathan' s head in and instant. Then he closed his eyes and pulled the door handle. He was instantly freezing. He should have grabbed his jacket. Shit, his computer bag was still in the overhead bin. Son of a bitch. Too late now. It's funny the things you think of when you know you're not in any real mortal danger. Or maybe it was shock. Who knew. Probably the damn cat. Then the image of Jinx's fur puffed out plummeting through the sky brought out a manic laugh. 
It takes approximately 4 minutes for a person to fall 36,000 ft. 4 minutes is a long time to laugh maniacally especially once you get going upwards of 100mph. But damnit Johnathan managed it. Right up until he he collided with Superman. Okay it wasn't really Superman but the guy was flying! Easy mistake to make. The guy was perplexed but Johnathan wrapped is legs around him and pulled the wing-glider's parachute. The parachute wasn't meant for two people but it slowed them both down enough that landing in a nearby lake didn't yield either of them broken legs. While both men swam to shore in a frenzied effort to have solid ground under their feet Johnathan thought about the plane. He wondered if it would have recovered from the tailspin of some jackass hadn't opened the door and lost cabin pressure. He thought back to some of his other experiences. Almost half of them required him to do something similar that could have been the cause just as well as his escape. But then again Jinx only showed up when he was in mortal danger right? He supposed he had always done what the cat wanted so he couldn't know for sure. As he climbed ashore he spotted Jinx on a nearby rock staring at noon before she walked away. He much did he really know about the cat?