Took a few liberties with this one. I know that "dark ages" is probably referring to Europe and the like, but I decided I wanted my addition to start off on the Island of Taiwan.

***

Damn the girl scouts. Damn them to hell and back. Baking and sowing were dandy and all, but comparative to the skills Joshua learned in Boy Scouts? Lucky for me, Dad took pity and made the brother unit share his fountain of golden knowledge.

Or else I'd very much be dead.

The first month was god awful- Scratch that, the *first day* was possibly the most harrowing of my meagre 24 years. Waking abandoned in a forested area with not a single clue to how the fuck I arrived. My first thought, rightfully so, was not exactly the most comforting one. But a once over (it may have been a several-times over) of my nether regions told me that no, I hadn't been raped and left to die in a forest.

Mistake number was had been assuming I had to be close to a road and immediately started off, too frazzled to consider that I may have been walking in the wrong direction. For an entire twelve hours or so I tired myself out by walking aimlessly before realizing that I wasn't making it out that night. I ended up settling up in a tree freezing my ass off.

I rectified my initial mistake very quick. Higher ground revealed nothing of use and no familiar landmarks so I found a river and checked water off my list. Food was a little tricker. I did not recognize any of these trees and much less the fungi and berries in the area. The occasional bunches of bamboo was startling though. As far as I knew there weren't any naturally growing bamboo patches in North America. In a stroke of luck I accidentally stumbled into an area with trees growing what sorta looked like bananas.

Much less lucky was that I had also stumbled upon my first wild animal. A black bear.

It had taken everything in my panic stricken body to remember all the advice ever told to me and *not to run.* He'd been sniffing at some of the fallen fruit but looked equally as startled as me at my appearance. With a rock as my friend, and screaming on my side, he scampered away real quick. I then made haste in gathering up as much bananas as I could before making my way back to the river, putting as much distance between us as a I dared without losing the location of my new source of sustenance.

In the following weeks it became very clear that whatever mountainous range I had stumbled upon was overflowing with fruits. Mountain apples (or bell fruit as they're more popularly known), lychee, and of course my weird bananas (which were mostly seeds to be honest, but while I had been starving it wasn't much of a bother). But no people. Not a single indication I was near civilization.  Just fruit. I was probably going to rot my teeth out before long.

Two months into my impromptu hike-vacation I finally found them.

They looked distinctly Polynesian. Darker skin and tribal-esque clothes. But I couldn't be in Polynesia. These weren't the right kind of mountain ranges. There aren't any black bears in the Pacific.

Perhaps some part of my had still been holding onto the hope that I was just lost in the American wilderness.

These people did not understand me just as I could not understand theirs. Their language did not sound asian, though that's where I was certain I was at that point. But all the same they had taken in my haggard appearance, tattered clothes and matted hair, and hesitantly ushered me to be cleaned and fed. It would be with these people, this small nondescript village in the middle of nowhere, that I would spend the next several decades.

***

Part 2 below