Clyde's eyes fluttered open. At least he thought they did. He'd worked for the city cleaning sewers for 30 years, but nothing had prepared him for the inky blackness that engulfed him. It's not like it bothered him - in some ways it was comforting. Better than scraping shit, tampons, condoms, and God knows what else so that the downtown Seattle didn't drown in its own refuse at least. 

"Nice to be lying down at least," he thought. Of course he didn't remember lying down, but he was old. He was getting used to not remembering things, and actually found some enjoyment out of it. It was fun to pretend to forget the kids' names every so often and make them panic. Bunch of babies. Maybe they should've visited more often. 

"Might as well get up," he sighed. He pushed himself up, and was immediately blinded - like someone had let the Sun into the room. He blinked for a few seconds, and then realized that there was dirt up to his neck!

"What the..." he exclaimed, and turned around in a panic. Then he saw it. "Ah dammit," he said, as he stared at the giant stone in front of him. 

CLYDE BRIDGEWATER
March 31 1937 - June 20 2017
Beloved Husband, Father, Grandfather

"Morning sunshine," a gruff voice behind him said. Clyde spun around, faster than he'd spun in years. "If someone told me I would be this spry, I would've died years ago", Clyde thought. 

He saw a mountain of a man, impossibly large. He was smoking a cigar as long as a shotgun barrel. A face so grizzled it could be a skeleton, if it weren't for the tangled beard and matted black hair. He was covered in a cowl with the hood down. Clyde didn't know what to think of him, other than he would be unhappy if a man like that moved into his neigbourhood.

"Old man, you look like an apple bobbing in a pile of shit. Are you gonna climb out of that hole or what?"

"Well, how do I do that? They didn't dig me a staircase."

The man barked a harsh laugh. "That's funny old man. You're dead. Physics don't apply to you. Just think UP"

Clyde grumbled. He wasn't usually one for decorum, but this was about him. His death, his afterlife. He damn well cared about decorum. "Might as well try,", he though "just to shut this arsehole up."

FWOOP! He was on the ground. The man grinned, dropped his cigar, and hitched his pants up. "Finally. Now let's go," he said, "day light's burning."

"Now wait just one minute!" Clyde exclaimed, stomping a foot on the ground. It didn't make any noise, but he sank about 6 inches into it, so he felt like he'd made a point. "I'm not going anywhere until I know who you are, what you're doing here, and why I should go with you".

The man shrugged. "Fine, let the Suckers get you."

"The what?!?!?!"

"The Suckers. They're kind of like what you humans call demons, except they're not from Hell. Hell doesn't exist. You got Heaven, which I can take you to, and you got Suckers, which you can wait around to show up. They always sense a fresh one."

"And what does a Sucker do?"

"It sucks away your existence. You're a soul, comprende? You've been an asshole living on this shit hole called Earth for about 3 centuries now. And you come into this world, kicking and screaming; have some good times, have some bad ones; and then one day you die and your soul comes back out. Then I come take you to Heaven and you get to do the whole thing over again in a few years. Unless a Sucker gets you."

"And what if it does?" Clyde asked petulantly.  

"Then you're gone. Game over. Look - old man. This is not the first time we've done this. You'll remember when we get back up to Heaven. But for now, let's get rolling. I can fight a few suckers, but if a horde comes, I'm leaving you behind."

"... Alright". Clyde thought UP again, and was back on the ground. The man started walking at a brisk pace. Clyde had to run to keep up. It didn't really feel like running - he didn't get sweaty, his knees didn't ache, but he was pumping his legs hard. 

The man looked over his shoulder and said "The name is GR by the way. You can call me G. Also, you don't have to keep peddling your legs like the Road Runner. Just think forward."

Clyde tried it and found he could move faster. He was now beside G, who nodded at him. 

"Let's speed this up," G said, and exploded forward. 

"AFTER HIM," Clyde thought with all his essence, and lurched forward in the same direction. He had never moved so quickly before. It was like being a rocket, racing across the planet's surface. He zoomed past Seattle, across Washington state, through Oregon, past Nevada, Arizona, and into rural Mexico. "Fastest border crossing I've ever done," he mused as he zipped through customs. 

Finally, they arrived at a staircase, a staircase that went up and up. Up into the impossible. But something seemed wrong. G was at a standstill and wasn't moving up the stairs. Then he saw it. 

It was a swirling mass of tentacles and ooze. Hundreds and hundreds of putrid black tentacles, all feeding into one giant maw. A creature of nightmares, making a suckling sound. It didn't seem to have eyes. It didn't seem to need them. Every tentacle was pointing straight towards Clyde and G, as it slithered towards them at a breakneck speed.

G unbuckled his cloak, and pulled out a massive log with a 40 inch blade attached ot it - curved and menacing. And Clyde realized who G really was. 

The Grim Reaper turned to Clyde and said, "start running. you don't have much time".

"I understand."

"MOVE!"

Clyde started dashing up the staircase as the Sucker descended upon them.