I lay alone, hungover, on the street corner. I have been like this for years. I’m an old man, and a hungry one at that.

I look for what I have looked for for the last 30 years: an improvement. I look for the increase in people that are kind to each other. I look for the numbers, the statistics, that tell me I made the right decision, that I made humanity a much better place. 

Like always, I see nothing that gives me such hope. Ironically, that’s what sent me into depression and alcoholism in the first place. God, I don’t even know how long I’ve been like this. All I know is that it wasn’t long after the Launch that I sank to where I am now. 

I was celebrating, at first. I remember leaning back in my chair, and thinking of how easy it was. I was a scientist tasked to convince the people of Earth that the sun was going supernova. The plan was to convince the rich, powerful, and greedy to leave of their own accord, to venture off the planet, and to leave the world to the poor, charitable, and kind. The plan worked perfectly, with a few small sacrifices. 

Sacrifices. 

I hate that word. I despise, I loathe it with every fiber of my being. 

Of course, the sacrifice that stands out to everyone was that of of the Launch itself. You can’t send a population of billions to Alpha Centauri. It isn’t possible, and even if it was, there is likely no habitable planet there. No, everyone of the rich and corrupt is dead by now. They starved, suffocated, or died of radiation poisoning long ago. Billions. 

I open up a bottle of whiskey I had been trying to save for a week, and take my first swig of the morning. 

Sacrifice. Of course it was necessary to make the world a better place. 

Then, of course, there was the sacrifice of the families. Of course they weren’t going to leave their families behind. Of course the ship was filled with as many children as adults. In fact, the rich bastards often sacrificed their spot for a poor family, or bribed the officials into letting an entire community of the destitute and forgotten onboard. It’s their goddamn fault, those fucking corrupt assholes. They ruined the plan, not me. The blood of the poor people on that ship is on their hands, not mine. 

But I cannot say the same for the blood of those on Earth. I should have seen it coming, that any astrophysicist on the planet would argue with my findings. I should have seen that anyone who has taken an astrophysics class would know that the sun simply cannot go supernova for millions of years. Why I thought of this too late, I don’t know. But the scientists had to be dealt with, and the cause had to live on. It was as if I pulled the trigger on hundreds of thousands of the educated myself, rich and poor alike.

Sacrifices. 

Then there were the rich who stayed on Earth. In a way, you could say that death by bullets and knives is a better death than being lost in space. It was too merciful, in my opinion. They should have been forced to get on board and die with their greedy kind. 

—————

The moment I myself announced to the world our plan is easily the worst moment of my life. I expected it to be the best, but the memory of it fills me with such dread, that to even approach the subject, I have to start chugging my alcohol. 

I remember it so vividly. I was broadcasted live to almost every TV on the planet. I was watched by millions of the impoverished, weakened, and exploited. They were all that was left, and I told them what had become of the rich in such a vigorous speech, I half expected the stadium I was in to erupt in an applause never heard before. 

Instead, I heard silence. Pure silence, and with it, I could almost hear my heart sinking to the ground. And then one woman stood. She was close enough for me to hear her say, so devoid of intellect, and so clearly a result of brainwashing by the elite:

“This is no different from Rwanda.”

I remember that feeling that I had never felt before, the one that I feel all the time now. The curious mix of adrenaline and testosterone that is rage. Her blood is definitely on my hands, because I shot her where she stood. I barely made it out of the stadium alive. 

And now here I sit, watching the world, waiting to see if what I did was worth it. But all I see is the fucking greed, the callousness, the lies I saw before. There was new power, new money, new corruption. I can’t help but feel that I did all of that for nothing. 

No. I must continue to hope. I must hope that the deaths I caused were not in vain. I must hope that I killed off the evil of the world, that this evil isn’t inherent in every single one of us. I singlehandedly killed the rich, and I should be proud. 

Yet somehow I’m not. 

******

Please let me know what you think, I’m trying to get into writing and I’m really new!