I'm not going to let you take it!" Said the being covered in leaves, moss and other unidentified gross materials. This is Life, with the capital L and everything. It's the kinda work colleague that always talks about the work parties not respecting the holiday enough. The kind of manager who wants to have fun while everyone else toils away. And I'm not afraid to say it now, he smells, really badly. Did the thing just never shower? Did it know not od deodorant? 

Life would often barge into my office and demand to know about the meteor or plague or what a serial killer was. And that smell would hit first, a missile filled with onions, mould and catfish. And then it'd have a tuff and puff and storm around my office passive aggressively calling me every name. Before he would huff and storm off.

I reckon it had self esteem issues, always clinging onto everything it created with a passion that would fill a nana with pride and envy. But this wasnt it's time to shine it was mine. 

"This?" I enquire "This will be what you stick your heels in and fight me over? A small piece of moss in the literal middle of nowhere"
"Where there is life there is a way" Why did it love quotes so much. 
"I finally did it! It's immune to everything" it said with so much smug glee that a I swear it was begging to be slapped.. 
"I see that, I'm not going to lie it is a hardy piece of work and I am glad you didn't release it till now."
"Ha, then run away and wait forever! I win! I've done it and you can't take it from me! I'm going to be employed forever!"
You could feel the desperation in it even as the moss pile browned and turned to ash behind life. I didn't want to set it off further so I just point at where the moss once ... existed is probably the right term. 

Life turned and ran through a gambit of emotions all at once until, evenitually, it settled on anger
 "How dare you! Y-Y-Your not allowed to interfere with the natural order! It had to die of its own accord and you couldn't handle it! I'm going to HR and you're gonna be in big trouble buddy." Gross smelly spit was going everywhere.
I sighed, wiped the spit off my face and resolved to explain.
"Apoptosis" I said "I assume that it didnt want to live in a universe where it couldn't do anything anymore. But this isn't about the moss is it?"
Life looked like another tirade was on coming but all the vim and vigor drained out of it. 
"Look," I said "I hear the redundancy package is good." 
"You dont understand, I was an artist. I would make such beautiful things and what now? Go to the next universe and sit by while some new Life does everything wrong? No thank you."
"Look, I understand, the job consumes you and it becomes everything. Remember the day you gave humans penicillin?" Not my proudest moment to be sure but now it had the effect I wanted. We both started to chuckle.
"Look I'm already packed and ready to go, if you want you can stay here for a couple of millennia but then I'll have to come back and close up." 
"What? But aren't you now the lord of here? To do with what you want?"
"I don't exist without you buddy and if you wanted maybe we would go on together, no pressure or anything" 
"Maybe we could go on together, I mean no promises. I am still pretty angry about the Kifleck."
"I don't know how that is my fault? You are the one that made the Shanfan so hungry."
Time watched them as they left, it did like a moderately happy ending.