Beep. 

Beep. 

Beep. 

Beep. 

Beep. 

I slowly roused as the continuous beeping pinged inside my head. 

Consciousness returned slowly after 1000 years of cold sleep. 

Beep. 

Beep. 

I attempted to move and had no luck. My limbs had not returned to my control. My eyelids did open slowly, but my vision was fuzzy. 

Beep. 

I reached inside my head and queried the computer. It was a nuisance, but an exceedingly helpful nuisance, the controls that integrated me into the Intrepid. The electronic overlays flashed up and over my vision. 

Beep. 

“What?” I asked the computer, inside my head.  

The Warning lights and Error lights were flashing. 

“Greetings, Captain Stevens. There are currently 105 Warnings,  and 35 Errors. 

The errors are as follows“ 

“Stop” I told it.

Beep. 

“Yes Sir.” 

I collected my thoughts. Warnings and errors would not wake me unless it was something the computer could not handle, or a catastrophic error. 

Beep. 

“Stop the beeping.” The incessant noise ceased. 

“Why are you beeping? What’s the issue?” 

“Anomaly detected, Captain.” 

“What Anomaly?”

“Radio Signals, We are being hailed captain.”

“Really? That’s unexpected. How long?”

“You have been asleep for 650 years captain.” 

My fingers started to twitch. “Interesting, But I meant, how long have we been 
hailed for?” 

“2 days captain.”

“Why so long before you woke me?” 

“There were errors captain. The wake serum did not work as quickly as predicated. I had to create a new formulation in my lab.” 

“Oh. Ok. Hmmm I was asleep for 650 years? I thought we weren’t supposed to get to Haven for 1000 years? Where are we?”

There was an uncomfortably long silence from the computer. 

“About that captain. There were errors. A Cosmic storm blew us off course. Long range sensors detected an instability in the sun that Haven circled deeming it unfit for human life. Our secondary and tertiary targets were analyzed and it was determined that our tertiary target was the most optimal for life. A new course was laid in and our course was corrected.”

That was all within programming. Not satisfactory programming, but it was all acceptable. 

“Ok, so where are we?” 

“An unknown and unmapped region of space captain, though our mapping consists of approximately .001 percent of the guesstimated universe, so that is not unusual.” 

“Ok. We’re getting way off track here. What is this message, what’s the hail?” I asked. 

Pins and needles were starting to shoot up my legs. 

“Would you like me to play it Captain?” 

“Yes.”

My eyesight went blank, and a window appeared in it. Wasn’t expecting a visual image, but cool. Didn’t know that was possible. 

My eyesight opened onto the bridge of a ship.  A Well-dressed man in a uniform stood front and center. He had salt and pepper hair, trim figure and shockingly good looks. 

“Attention to the unknown ship. This is the ship Atlas, patrolling the planet Axion. I am Captain Dexter. We are hailing you. We are presuming you to be of human origin, and either a generation ship or one of the original cold sleep ships. Please answer us. You have one week at current vector and speeds before we board you. Do not, Repeat, do not change vectors, or we will attack you immediately. “ 

The image ended. My eyesight was clearing up, but all I could see was the inside of my sleep chamber. At least the pins and needles were gone. I could feel my legs and hands now. 

“Computer, can we hail back?” 

“Yes, Captain. Visual or Audio?” 

“We can do Visual, Really? They should have briefed me better.” 

“Well, it’s not a true visual. I can send a holographic projection of yourself, seeing as you are still immobile. It will be processed in real time.” 

“Do it.” 

My eyesight blinked out again, Filling with an image of the bridge of the intrepid. The computer spoke in my ear giving me the go ahead. “Hello Captain Dexter of the Atlas. This is Captain Stevens of the Intrepid. Please Respond.” 

The fake screen flashed to life. It showed the same bridge from earlier hails, although the stations stood empty. Captain Dexter stood front and center. 
“Hello Captain Stevens. Welcome to our little corner of the universe. How are you?” 

“Honestly, still a little groggy. I’m just coming out of cold sleep.” 

He smiled at that “Good, I won the bet. I knew it was a cryogenic ship.” 

“Can you please tell me what’s going on here? As far as I knew, we were the first ship to leave our solar system. We had the fastest and best technology possible. How are you here?” 

Captain Dexter looked at the ground. His cheeks were wet. 
“To be honest, Id rather I wasn’t the one to tell you this.” He looked away. “Earth was attacked 200 years after you left. We call them Vulcans, cause of the pointy ears.  But they were anything like them. War and conquest was all they knew. We had several next generation ships in progress. We rushed everything and pushed everything into them. We ran.”

“What exactly are you saying here?”

“We’re the last, captain. Or we were, until you showed up. Earth is conquered. Everyone there is dead. They released a plague. Except for the humanity on Axion, our two ships and the three circling the planet. To make matters worse, we weren’t prepared. Only one of our ships was a true colony ship, and not stocked well at that. We don’t have enough genetic material for a viable population pool. We weren’t fully stocked for a terraforming effort. We’re dying. We had no hope until we saw your ship.”

Despair filled my soul. I started to cry and my holographic image collapsed into his chair. 

“That’s awful. What do we do? Why didn’t you shoot for one of the primary planets of expansion?”

“As Im sure your AI told you, Haven’s sun is unstable. Secondary and Tertiary both had human ships go to them, but both were already colonized. That’s how they found us. As to what we do? We use your equipment and genetic banks to increase our chances of survival. With your seed bank and terraforming equipment we can make this planet hospitable. Our engineers can retrofit the Intrepid with our FTL engines. Our big plan, with your permission, is to ram the intrepid into their planet.”

I Smiled.

“It’s a ton to process, and I need to wake them up  and speak with my people, but I think we can work it out. I like it.”
