It usually adds 10 pounds.  But this one, this one is special. There's always one that's special. 

I cast a shadow beside a tree outside the local elementary school.  The gray of my limbs on the concrete overpowering the elegant gray lines designed by God's branches. 

I sit. I wait. I need shots of as many young children as I can get.  What will appear? 

I grow bored and hungry and decide I'll return tomorrow.  Delectable leftovers are waiting in my fridge. Calling my name.  

I snap shots all over town on my way home.  I'll upload them when I get there, but ten years isn't very long and I don't really expect much. 

Upon my arrival the stew of my dreams goes straight into a bowl to be microwaved and upon the 
Beep beep beep 
I head upstairs to the bedroom with my laptop. 

I take one final snapshot of the bed where I'm about to lay.  Then I remove the SD card to insert it into the computer's utterly inviting slot and plop down on the bed. 

Click click click through the photos until I arrive at the very last one.  

Ten years ago today, upon our old blue floral bedspread, lay my dark handsome husband beneath a beautiful bare woman.  My jaw is drawn by gravity as I perform an intricate analysis of this age old scene.  My heart feels heavier and heavier within my chest cavity with every passing moment, but I cannot look away.  I viciously remove the SD card and despite my better judgment, I start snapping photo upon photo upon photo.  Stomping, marching, dancing around the room capturing every moment at every angle. 

CARD FULL 

My body feels heavy and I stand still, in the middle of my bedroom, feeling that weight.  I feel paralyzed for some time, letting the balls of my feet sink into the carpet until I can almost feel the concrete beneath.  We carpeted this floor together. 

I finally feel ready to remove the card and insert it back into the laptop.  A vivid slideshow appears with my husband in the center.  My whole body is overwhelmed with emotion.  A constant stream of tears tickle my face. 

It's so beautiful.  We were so beautiful.  He hasn't loved me like that in years. 