“But we have no food here! No running water!”

“Dad the internet’s down.”

“When will we know what’s going on?!”

I lifted my flashlight up over the man’s shoulder, the pale faces of his family squinted and cowered from the glare. I saw the familiar yellow glow reflecting on the walls of the hallway, emitted from the family’s TV.
 
The man continued to speak as I fumbled on my belt for assistance. I knew I was making them feel uneasy; I hadn’t once looked them in the eye.

“You can’t lock us up indoors like this! It’s barbaric! The police said you were coming with supplies and information but frankly you’ve done fuck-all!”

“Jerry please don’t-“ His wife protested.

“You’re not locking us up in our own home! You’re our soldiers you’re here to serve US!”

He spoke with an entitled tone, a misplaced authority as if he alone could handle the responsibility of his country’s well-being and security. A headmaster or a manager I thought, uneasy with orders from a grunt like me. Somewhat like my old man. 

Things could not get hostile, there was no time. 

“Listen to the TV sir, just stay inside, stay down, and stay quiet.” The words came out like a recited song lyric, I was starting to build a rhythm with the sentence.

A soft voice came from the back; “Look at the TV… what’s it telling you?” 

I glanced up, catching sight of a young girl crouching down with a child. The boy looked back at the broadcast, his face lit by the yellow screen. 

“Please stay indoors”

“and…”

“Don’t look outside.”

“That’s why we’re closing your curtains. We’re all safe here together. Together we’re a unit.”

The child nodded with uncertainty. 

“My kids are scared! I’M scared! You’re not telling us anything!” Once again I was faced with the father.

“Look after your family. Stay inside, stay down, and stay quiet.” 

I turned to leave but the old man was not satisfied with my orders.

“YOU CAN’T-“

A sudden wash of white noise drowned out the scene, followed by a croaky and calm voice emitted from my belt; the signal scarred by feedback. 

"Evacuate immediately! Get to high ground! No civilians."

My radio fell silent. 

I glanced up, the man's eyes became wide and his grip on my arm tightened. I could see it coming together for him, the cogs turning, working out the situation.

My hand was on my gun before he could say a word, the bullet deep in his chest before he could move any closer. My ears rung loudly as his body fell back into his family’s arms as though crashing into deep water. In a swift motion I reached forward, pulling back the front door to wipe away the terrible scene in front of me, just in time to muffle the shriek of his beloved.

I paused. 

With a march, I stepped forward towards the front garden gate. What lay behind me fell into the past, no guilt, no shame. 

They would all be gone soon. A clean slate.

------------

This is my first attempt at this! I think I may have missed the party but any critique is welcome!
