 I blinked. 

“Ha!” Roared James. “Talk to me when you’ve mastered the art of the eyes, young padawan,” his solemn voice betrayed by the smile playing across his lips. 

Normally I would’ve laughed at this jibe, but I just shook my head. “No, dude, something was messed up. I got startled, that’s why I blinked.”

James rolled his eyes. “This is low, Nick, even for you.” He shook his head, "I won fair and square, mate.” 

“You’re telling me you didn’t see that?” I asked, a bit dubiously. I was *sure* of it. It wasn’t some trick of the eye. 

“See what?” James asked, the smile gone. He could tell I was serious. 

“The trees, dude. I swear as I was watching I saw the trees suddenly got…denser I guess,” I couldn’t think of the right word.

“Denser?” James knitted his eyebrows, but, for once, didn’t make a joke. 

“Like….” I closed my eyes, racking my brain to think of a way to explain it. “Ah! Like you know how in some of those open world RPG video games?”

At that James grinned, he was kind of a gaming addict. “Oh like Youthful Scrolls, or Wyvern Age?” 

“Yes, yes,” I answered hastily; if given the chance James could talk about these games for hours on end. “So I was saying, the shitty ones have pop in textures right? Like you’re far away but as you get closer the trees get more leaves, the ground gets more details, shit like that?”

 “Yeah?”

“That’s what I saw with the trees,” I said, pointing to the trees behind us, "every single one."

“Are you su-“

“Yeah, I’m sure!” I snapped.

James held his hands up in a gesture of surrender. “Alright man, whatever you say.”

I sighed, “Look I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have snapped at you, but, wait. You know what? Let’s do it again.  Focus on the trees this time yeah?”

“I don’t really have a choice do I?” James said with a ghost of a smile.

Despite the outburst I couldn’t help but smile back at him. We were friends for a reason. 

***

“…Shit.” 

It had taken us a couple of tries. We just couldn’t last as long as we did the first time so we took a break and came back an hour later. This time I knew to expect something and I saw after about the two minute mark, the grass turned more dense, clouds became more defined, hell even colors grew brighter.

“I told you so,” I said to James with a grin. On the inside I was feeling relieved though. For a second I thought I was just going insane.  

“So…” said James. “Now what? What the hell, does this mean? We…we in some video game, a la the Matrix?”

I laughed and he joined me, but we stopped soon enough, and silence followed. 

“Don’t worry about it, man,” I said, trying to reassure myself as much as James, “It’s probably a biological thing, like eyes can’t handle not blinking or something like that.”

James made a face, “Are you hearing yourself right now? That makes no fucking sense and you know it!” James practically yelled. 

“Look, man,” I said, trying to project some calm in my voice that I did not have, “let’s just sleep on this one, yeah? If it happens again tomorrow…we can talk to…someone I guess.”

James looked skeptical but nodded. We rapped knuckles, and went our separate ways. 

***

I woke. 

My phone was going on but it was dark out. My alarm was set to go off at like 9 am. I squinted against the bright light. James. James was calling. It was fucking 3 am, why the hell was he calling?

“Don’t do it alone man! I did and they found me.” He was *crying* now, “I’m sorry man they made me tel-“

The voice cut off. 

The doorbell rang. 
***
(Minor edits)

If you enjoyed check out my sub, [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting) 