"Hey John wake up!" I heard my sister say beside me. "Come on sleepy head, time for breakfast, Someone wants to see you. And oh, don't for get to take light with you or you'll get into trouble again" as I feel my dog lick my cheek. "Cut it out light" I groaned reluctantly willing myself up. "Ok now good, will you be alright getting ready yourself?" She asked. "Yeah. Just leave the door open so i wouldn't have to." I answered. "Hear ya. Don't take too long ok?" as i hear her footsteps leave while i open my eyes. 

*Not that there's any point to it, I am blind after all. Uhm well... maybe not completely. I do see people sometimes with my eyes open. Only people.  I couldn't see what they're leaning against or lying on or anything else for that matter. They're just sort of there, floating in the dark. Often, they showed themselves to me whenever i went to the hospital for a checkup. It was honestly surreal the first time it happened. For the first time, I saw color, from his skin, to his hair to whatever it was gushing out of his mouth. He was lying, floating quickly away from me, with voices shouting in the background as my mom let out a little squeal. "What's happening mom?" I asked. "Nothing honey, nothing. I'm so glad you didn't get to see that" she gasped, holding my hand tight. I thought i wanted to be happy after seeing for the first time,, but something told me there was nothing happy about what just happened.*

*Not all of it was a grim sight though. The face of my grandma that Sunday morning was the most beautiful thing i've ever seen. I couldn't believe my eyes when i saw her sitting, rocking back and forth as she looked at me with a smile. "How's my little johnny? Come here and give your granny a kiss" she requested as she always did whenever she saw me. That day, that day was the very first time i truly didn't feel alone in the house. The couple of bruises i got for rushing to her without letting light guide me all day was nothing. Too bad it lasted only a day. "She loved you very much john" my mom whimpered as we prepared for her funeral the next morning. From then i grimly understood, my eyes couldn't exactly see people, they could see death*

As I opened my eyes, my breath escaped me and my chest tightened. Wa...was that just Anna's back disappearing? Did i just see my sister?? I tumbled down the bed as i hurried to look. "Come on boy, help me get up." I groaned, holding his leash as he calmly guided me out the door. 

At the dining area, my greatest wish and my biggest fear appeared in front of my eyes. They were there, a sight as horrifying as it was beautiful. My mom standing carrying something that seemed like a bowl, my dad looking like he was already eating, and my sister pressing on something on her hands. "Good morning sweety, come join us. Light, lead him to his chair please" my mom greeted. I wanted to smile I wanted to run to them and hug them and kiss them, but i couldn't, i froze in fear. I've always wanted to see them but not if it meant seeing them for the last time. 

Wait, where's my brad? Should i be looking for him in the first place? If i see him then.. Someone suddenly bumps into me. "Ooops sorry, didn't see you there little bro" he says. It was brad! and i could also see him. "I didn't see you there" patting my head. "Anyway dad, I just answered a call from the poli...." but before he could continue, a voice from beside my dad interrupted "So Rick, these are your boys, didn't know even brad would be here today." It sent chills through my spine. "Oh yeah" my dad answered. "He got home for vacation last week". "Boys, this is your uncle Ted, remember him?" 

As he said that i looked at Brad and he got paler by the second. "Uncle ted?" stuttering. "Why is he here....?" Brad asked. "The police just called and...". Uncle ted's voice suddenly erupted "What was that boy?!" he said angrily. "Ted, what are you doing with that gun?" my mother screamed. "What's happening ted, what are you doing?!" my dad demanded. I could see my sister crying . "Now look at what you made me do boy" my uncle said. "I guess i'll have to do this earlier than i expected.

I couldn't see him, oh god i couldn't see him. I didn't know what he was doing who he was talking to. All i know is a few seconds later I heard loud shots one after the other. First my dad fell down with a hole in his head. Then my mom screaming, holding my sister as something splattered behind her back. They both lied lifeless on the ground and disappeared from my sight. I then see Brad Shielding me, dragging me to the side until i feel warm liquid pour into me from his mouth after another loud bang. The glass mirror behind us shattering. "Oh god no, what it happening! Stop please stop!" I cried. "You see boy, your goody two shoes dad would've turned me in if he found out." "It's alright. You will see nothing as always after i'm done with you" The devil said as a sharp pain cut across my chest. I fell weak and in shock.

My head hit into sharp objects on the floor. And as i had my eyes open for the last time, I saw someone looking at me on what seemed like a shard of glass, cuts on my face and blood gushing out my mouth. I guess this will finally be the first time i'll know what being completely blind is like. Slowly, the darkness engulfed me again.

