It was nice while it lasted. I got to see so many countries and different places. Most of them were beautiful and I spent an average of three days at each location without working. As for what they flew me out to those places for - I only worked a single day's shift per week. 

What was my job? Oh I was a gardener for the military. I sprayed small rows of weeds until they were gone. There were only a couple of safety rules. Due to the nature of what we were spraying we weren't allowed to take off our suits, we weren't allowed to spray others, and we had to be suited up before we went and got our gear, because of chemicals.

While I did my duty I wore a full temperature controlled body suit that kept me comfortable no matter the weather. It had a built in straw in the helmet so that I wouldn't go thirsty. The manual even claimed that we could take a leak inside the thing and it would take care of everything for us. The goggles provided an augmented reality overlay which marked the weeds for me to destroy and amplified my view of them with heavy amounts of cartoon like graphics. It was great.

I wish the damned thing had an automatic eye rinse though if it did, then I wouldn't be strapped to this damned gurney. You see I had an eyelash fall off into my eyeball and I wasn't thinking about anything other than getting it out so I took my helmet off.

Food was scarce in the world and scientists made an inoculation and treatments against some of the germs which can help cause people to get fat. Us gardeners were tasked to kill off the weeds which were strangling our food supply.

The tears from the smoke and from the anguish got me right though. They washed that lash away from banging against my eyeball. I guess the powers that be came up with a final treatment for those that failed earlier attempts. We were burning the failed inoculations and those that failed treatment with flamethrowers.

No one noticed their loved ones were getting burned because those that required further work were always "transported to a climate more conducive for their bio signature".

I thought the military was only around to help maintain order so that the doctors could do their work. I mean we're a peace keeping force, right? I guess dead people are pretty peaceful.

I'm trying to talk to you and you're not responding. You're too busy attaching some kind of electronic tag to my dog tags. Wait, you're wearing a doctor's mask with goggles and head wrappings. Of course you can't hear me. You probably see me as a cartoon.

Oh, my dog tags tell me that my new designation is that of a weed. Well it was nice while it lasted.

-------------------------------------------
edit * I used the wrong case of there... should have been their.