I stood in the middle of the room, eyebrow quirked. My five generals stood before me, visibly uncomfortable and irate.  
"Well?" I asked, "You have summoned me. I have come. Now are you going to waste my time, or tell me the reason as to why you have scheduled this arrangement?" More silence, more fidgeting. One would think that they had never bullied me before I had staged the rebellion and rose to power. Really. I glanced over to General Hayao on the far right. *He* would surely tell me what this gathering was about. "General Hayao?"  
"Well, Empress-"  
"We are all friends here, Hayao, and we are not in the public eye. You can refer to me without a title," Hayao nodded, shoulders relaxing as he nodded the okay to the others. I was all too aware of how much he despised formalities.  
"Empress-!" General Mcloughlin cried in protest. My, she was always so uptight.  
"Oh, calm yourself, and get to the point," I addressed the group visually before returning my gaze to Hayao. "So?"  
"Maram, we've all come here because we need to discuss your map-stabbing obsession," Obsession?  
"I have no-" For once, I had absolutely no idea what they were talking about.  
"Bullshit," General Tzadik coughed in the far back, cutting off my denial. The nerve!  
"I do not speak-!"  
"Language, Empress!" Mcloughlin warned, defying me from even the right of defending myself. I gave the widest, saddest eyes I could possible towards my last two hopes. Surely they would defend their clearly clueless leader's honor?  
"Maram, please understand," General Liam attempted to mediate, looking around at the others, clearly pulled in by my eyes.  "Maybe we could find a compromise...?" He could almost never say no when I looked like a kicked puppy. General Arjana, however... She shoved the man behind her, not allowing for any nonsense or influence to get in the way of the exchange.  
"You're not pullin' any of those sad eyes on us this time, Maram. You got a problem, and our budget cannot further handle the cost of your map-stabbing deeds any further,"  
"I do not have an obsession!" I gauged the expressions of my generals before me: Mcloughin was timid, Liam was guilty, Hayao and Tzadik were annoyed, and Arjana had a single eyebrow raised dubiously. "It is not an obsession!" I defended stubbornly.  
"We've needed to buy a new map for every town we've travelled, city we've visited, battle we've fought. Every bar we've stayed at- there are at least 54 maps that pinpoint each tavern we've had a barfight in!" Fifty-four? We have been in only fifty-four barfights? And I could have sworn we had visited more taverns than that... Arjana sighed at my clueless expression, able to tell I was straying from the problem at hand. "Well, we've gotten the point made and proven that you do have an obsessive problem. Now, hand them over?"  
"Hand over what?" I turned my nose, knowing exactly what she wanted. If Miss Mother-Dearest wanted my daggers, she would have to pry them from my cold fingers.  
"You and I both know that can be arranged," Oh, did I say that aloud? Wait- hold on! "Liam, Hayao, make sure you have a tight grip on her legs!" I began to struggle futilely. One would think that generals would treat their leader, with more, respect!  
"Oi! Lemme go!" I whined, all regality tossed out the door, along with any respect I had built over the past years as my lower-ranking soldiers gazed dumbfoundedly at their ruler acting like a toddler who did not want a bath.  
"So, the country-bumpkin finally comes out," Hayao teases.  
"I'm so sorry for this," Liam apologizes, but doesn't let go.   
"One, two, three!" Arjana called, and it was only until I landed in a pile of cold, wetness that I realized what had occurred.   
They threw me in a snow pile in the middle of a winter night.  
*They threw me. In a snow pile.*   
Arjana walked over, and with my slowed reflexes, from shock and chill, she smugly pulled the daggers I carried off of my person. Shivering, I got up and swiped at my sleeves, embarrassed, cold and frustrated.  
"What? You said I would have to take them from your cold fingers. Your cold, I confiscated them, *Empress*," She emphasized my title, knowing very well that I could tell how sarcastic she was being. "Now, Tzadik and I will see you tomorrow morning to discuss plans regarding Hatharta," The gaze became more pointed. "This time, without any stab marks in the maps we have left," The three generals turned, Liam a little more reluctant, still feeling guilty. "See you in the morning, Empress\~," And, with a very peeved ruler behind, the four walked back inside.

The two remaining generals groaned the next morning at their new discovery. Where on Earth did she *get that?!*  
Properly planted to the center of the large, round table, was a note on a map. The note ended with: *I always find a way. Every map shall be marked by steel from this point forward.*  
Both Tzadik and Arjana shared a look. Not only were they going to have to inform the other generals of this development, but now they had a new map to buy. And a new table.  
For now, they had to figure out how to dislodge the ax.