Candace at the front desk picked up the phone.

"Williston county PD, how may I help you?"

"Um... I, well there's some officers at the, uh, at the edge of my land. they, uh, they're armed"

"Ricky? Is that you? You know we can't help you, Rick."

"The UN recognizes me as a sovereign, uh.. a mini nation or somethin', y'all can't-"

"Then call the damn UN, Rick, and quit callin' us"

*Click*

"Come on out Rick, let's not make this international." The other officers behind him laughed.

'Bout a week ago, Rick got a letter from the UN that used a lot of words he couldn't read. After taking it around the bar a bit, ol' Billy from the school told him it was a letter certifying that he was now the recognized micro-nation of "The Meth Capitel". Well, Earl the Lawman didn't take to that name too kindly, so he's had officers parked outside Rick's house every day that week. Today, there was Earl, flanked by 2 officers on each side, and all armed with shotguns.

Peering out the window, Ricky called back "this some damn international ter'rism, I am a, uh, a sovereign-"

"Rick shut the hell up, just shut the damn hell up, we already talked to one o' them big city lawyers, and we can still come onto your land to check it out, and if we find another lab-"

"It's gonna take more than 4 of you to take away my freedom"

"We got- goddamnit Ricky, that meth is makin' you stupider than dirt, this is for your own good. If you take even a single shot, warning or not, we will end you."

Rick picked up the phone again

"Williston county PD, how may I help you?"

"Candy please for the love of god you gotta-"

"You know what, I hope they kill you"

*click*

Rick wondered if selling meth to her sister had anything to do with that.
Earl kicked in the door. Sitting on the floor, surrounded by dirty glass and rusty pans, Ricky was a pretty pitiful figure.

"What I make is a medicine-"

"For fuck's sake, Rick, look at this rig. You're gonna get cancer with this shit."

"In Rickland, meth is legal"

"You promised me you were done with this stuff, and now I caught ya lyin', and now you're goin' to jail."

"The nation of Rickland-"

"Don't make me hit you Ricky, gotdamnit, I'm tryin' so hard here"

"-DOES NOT RECOGNIZE-"

Rick would later try to claim police brutality, but not a single one of the 17 observers remember any wrongdoing. They do, however, remember Ricky throwing himself down the stairs a couple of times, which would line up nicely with the police report of events.