"C'mon, Tom, just do it!" Archie said, punching my arm lightly. "I mean, at the very least you can say that you got a letter from them!"

I sighed. "But what of they *do* accept me? How am I gonna explain that to my parents?" I shivered just thinking about their reaction. They had always been firmly against me studying magic. They said that they didn't want me to be disappointed and that it wasn't that big of a deal, anyways. I sighed. I gripped the knife and pricked my finger. I held it over the letter and watched as a drop quivered and fell, splashing lightly on the page. It seemed like such a small drop, and I hoped it was enough for them to read my magic reserves. I threw it into the fireplace and waited as the green flames consumed my letter, hoping for their response.

A few minutes later, the flames turned purple and a letter started to form from the ashes. I reached in and grabbed it the second the flames went back to green. I read it, my heart hammering in my chest.

*Dear Thomas Bonesteel, while it would do our school no greater honor than to teach a bright mind such as yours, we regret to inform you that someone if your potential is too dangerous to be taught. Please understand, and we hope that you will have a good day. Thank you.*

I reread the letter, my brain not comprehending. Too dangerous to be taught... What did they mean by that? My mind flashed back to when I was a child. I had snuck up to my parents bedroom and stolen my father's wand. I had felt an electric thrill, and I had put it away, worried that I had done something.

Archie bounced in his seat. "Well? What does it say? Huh?" He saw my face and grimaced. "That bad, huh?" He snatched the letter from me and scanned over it. He furrowed his brow. "Too dangerous to be taught? What a load of baloney." He snapped his fingers and made a small flame. "Want me to burn it?"

I shook my head. "No, I need to ask my parents-"

"Ask us what?" My mother said, teleporting in from work. She saw the letter and the green flames and her face blanched. "Don't send that letter," she whispered.

"Too late," I said. "This is the reply. What does it mean, 'too dangerous to teach'?"

She sat down with a look of shock. "Both your father and I come from a long line of wizards," she said. I nodded. They had told me about how a long time ago, both of their families had ruled parts of the country. I had always thought it was cool, but nothing significant. She continued. "Well, these families had a prophecy. When the bloodlines meet, the world would lie in the hands of that child. To save the world, or to destroy it. That was the child's destiny." She looked at me. "Do you understand now?" 

I looked her. "Then why hide it? Why would you keep someone with the fate of the world in their hands from knowing it?"

She sighed. "We wanted you to have a normal childhood. It isn't healthy, thinking that you're stronger than everyone. It's even worse getting it."

I looked at my hands. "What do we do now?"

She looked at me seriously. "Now," she said. "You learn."