At first I thought it was rather endearing, seeing my little lass write ‘Satan’ instead of ‘Santa’. A single dad in Britain has to find some joy, eh? Besides, I’m not religious, not by any stretch of imagination. What harm could a little mistake do? Well, I found out sooner than I’d hoped. 

Christmas Day came, and little Susan was overjoyed to open small trinkets from my siblings and I, little things that a five year old loved. She was disappointed to not have a puppy, but I explained carefully that Santa was just getting ready to get her one. Then, a knock on the door. Christmas carollers? Perhaps, but I’d hope not. Opening the door led me to find not a group of people, or even a person, but rather a black cloak in the shape of a man, shadows casted from the openings. It held a leash, but whatever was on it was behind the creature.  
“Heya, pal?” It asked, sounding like a New Yorker.  
“Who the bloody hell are you?” I asked, astonished. Why was there a strange spirit at my door, speaking like an American? Some kind of prank, perhaps?  
“The Kingpin-o was asked for a puppy? I’ve got ‘er right here?” A small creature stepped fourth, with the head of a wolf but the lower jaw of a gator, the body of a lion, one pair of legs like a panther and the other like a bird. It had a scorpion’s stinger for a tail, and a deer’s antlers.  
“What the fUCK?!” I wince and look back to see my daughter completely absorbed with her dolls, not noticing us.  
“What the bloody hell is that thing?” I hiss at the stranger.  
“It’s a hellhound pup. Housebroken and leash-trained, because it’s about inconveniencing when it shits nuclear waste on the carpet…” the creature shrugged. I stared for a second, before it dawned on me. Satan.  
“Y-you’re a demon?” I ask, backing away.  
“I… yeah, I guess? You make it sound like a bad thing,” he shrugged.  
“The name’s Azrael, by the way. Nice to meet you,” he stuck out his free appendage for a shake, but I couldn’t see an actual hand *to* shake. I apprehensively reach out and lightly clasp the shadow. There is almost no feeling there at all.  

We enter the living room, and I say,  
“Sweetie, we… did get that… *puppy* you wanted…” though the words are difficult to say. The nightmare-beast emerges from behind the demon and steps towards my baby girl like a predator stalking prey. Susan gasped and immediately began petting it.  
“It’s the cutest thing ever!” She giggled, petting it. The hellhound’s expression seemed to read, ‘I will devour all you hold dear,’ but that may have been my imagination. The demon and I walked into the kitchen, and I poured him a cup of coffee.  
“So… what do you do *down there* anyways?” I ask, sitting down across from him. He shrugs.  
“Messenger, diplomat, sometimes interrogator,” I shiver as to what the last one could imply.  
“How did you… get these roles?”  
“Ah, that’s a good story;

“My father never cared for me. He named me, and used me to do his dirty work for my whole life. ‘Azrael, go get this’, ‘Azrael, go kill that’, ‘Azrael, why am I losing this war? What did you do?’ His name was Baphomet, and his goal was to conquer Hell. ‘Ventually, I got sick of him, so I destroyed his army and joined forces with the King himself. Satan was the father I never had; always made sure I was happy, free to do my own thing, and all. I climbed the ranks and eventually I was the one who got to go out here and do his work. I wasn’t his prodigy child, but I was definitely one of his many prides,

“One of the things I do is deliver gifts to kiddos who write, to make up for my shit childhood. It’s been a while, but I knew one would come eventually. Be sure to thank your daughter for me. And hey, you’re a good guy. Keep it up. Don’t let your little girl turn out like me,” 

Azrael placed a letter on the table, and disappeared into the air. I took a long sip of my coffee, and rubbed my eyes. The letter was still there, and my daughter was still giggling with her hellhound. What a morning. 

___

The next Christmas, Susan wrote to Satan again. This time, Azrael came to the door with an Amazon box.  
“They have Amazon in Hell?” I asked, taking the box to Susan.  
“Yeah, and Apple,” Azrael replied, giving a human finger to the hellhound. I pretended that I didn’t see that. Susan took the doll out of the box, and made a happy noise.  
“It’s exactly the one I wanted!” I smiled and ruffled her hair.  
“Yes, it is, isn’t it?” Those dolls were bloody expensive, whatever they were. I could never have afforded one on my own. The toy’s eyes glowed a bright red, and it chanted;  
“IOA SABOA!” In a Polish accent. Azrael laughed. I shuddered at the creepy thing, and turned to him.  
“So… how’s Hell?” I asked, trying to make small talk. He seemed rather happy to talk about it.  
“It’s pretty good; we’ve subjugated almost all of Baphomet’s army,” we began walking to the kitchen as Azrael continued.  
“And Samaël has finally declared war, so we’re ready to kill him too,” I stopped him.  
“How? You’re in hell, already, and demons~” he raised a hand.  
“Long story, not important. What is important - I’m engaged!” He exclaimed, and showed me what I assume was his wrist, which instead of a shadow was a mass of fire. I congratulated him, and he left another letter, then quickly evaporated to see his fiancée. I chuckled. Feeling happy for a demon who just got engaged? What a strange life. 

___

The next Christmas, Susan had asked for an imaginary friend. I got a bit worried here, because surely she had some friends at school, but she insisted that she wanted one. 

I awaited Azrael’s return, and when he finally arrived, he was with a smaller shadow, this one a simple orb of such darkness that it sucked the light from the hall.  
“Is this the friend?” I asked, looking at it. Azrael nodded;  
“It’s my youngest brother, Pete. Baphomet completely forgot him, so I named him and kept him. But I know that this is a good home for him,” the small demon named Pete floated over to my daughter and the hellhound. They immediately began playing with Susan’s various dolls. 

Azrael put a hand on my shoulder and said,  
“I’d just like to thank you for being such an excellent role model - I’m gonna be a father, soon,” I grinned and pat the demon on the back.  
“Welcome to the club, Azrael!” 

Perhaps, writing to Satan wasn’t all that bad…