Waking with a start, my blankets strewn wildly about my floor, thrown from my bed as I slept.

It was just a dream...  It had to be; there's no other explanation for it.  But, I've never had such a vivid dream before; not just seeing, but tasting the cold mustiness of the air, feeling the chill of the marble on the soles of my feet, hearing the quiet rustling of unseen trees, the muted clangor of steel on steel, battle cries and shouts in every language.  

Shaking my head and sitting up, my pillows twisted and disordered behind me, rubbing the sleep from my eyes, I look over at the wall and gawp, looking for a long moment as my cheeks flush red with a riot of conflicting feelings.

--

It's cold; my first instinct is to cover myself.  Wearing only my plaid flannel pants, my toes flex against the floor, its hard surface almost slick to the touch.  The guttering candles cast flickering shadows across the blue and yellow stones of the floor, send shades flitting up the length of the fluted columns lining the hall, and cloak the sides of the hall in dancing shrouds.

I can almost see into the closest niche, to my left, a branch...  no, it's been carved, so perhaps a club.  Feeling drawn forward, I shiver slightly and let my feet move me further into the hall; the marble frigid beneath my feet now, drawing the heat from me, the dull roar of far off combat fading as I tread deeper into the hall.  

To each side, there are weapons, that much is clear, though the shadows and my need to keep walking make it difficult to catch more than a passing glimpse.  As I walk though, some look vaguely familiar, a bulky hammer encrusted in runes, a finely crafted and gilded sword, displayed alongside its sheath, a Hasta, the point seeming wet with blood, even a series of bronze rapiers, gleaming brightly in the flickering light, the boar tusk helms behind them catching my eye.

Moving still deeper into the shadows of the hall, a new sound reaches my ears, that of chanting, melodic and slow, singing praises, seeking benedictions, and giving devotions to God.  The ecclesiastical Latin seeming somehow familiar to my ears, an instinctive understanding welling up from the very depths of my soul.  To my sides now are effigies on the walls, holding their swords gently by the top of the pommel, gazing down at the path upon which I walk, seeming to both judge and welcome at once.  One in particular, seems to call me off the path, my feet moving of their own volition, leading me to a towering man, his face obscured by the weathering of ages, but still conveying fierce loyalty, his cloak drawn about him as if to ward off the mountain chill.

In his grip, almost singing to me now, is a sword, not as ornate as some of the others, but with a hilt inlaid with gold, small plates set over hollows along its length.  The edge, though dusty and in shadow, gleams slightly, its edge seeming as sharp as the day it was made.

In my gut, something tells me to take the blade and its simple sheath; so I do.  The world explodes into a brilliant shimmering cascade for what feels like eternity.

--

Leaning against my bedroom wall, supported by a simple, rustic kite shield, is the sword; my sword; Durendal.  I can feel, almost hear, conflicted whispering in the back of my mind; one voice, very distant and faint, calling for a wife, a son, a distant homeland.  The other voice, much stronger, but still a whisper, repeats a mantra in a tongue I can't quite understand, somewhere between French, and Latin, the tone unmistakably martial, a call to battle, a call to righteous war, a call to fight for my people, to forge anew the strength and vigor of my kin.

At last, I understand.  The men of the West must rise from their slumber.