"Tony, I never asked, how'd you end up tending the bar? Are you one of us mere mortals or are you one of *them*?"

Tony, in a bow and black, gold-trimmed vest, didn't bother to take his eyes off the mug he was polishing. It was a question he had often heard and often answered. "Oh, I was just another boring indvidual doing boring things in the other life, just like everyone else. One day my head found a tree at a velocity it didn't particularly care for--after I was rudely ejected from my seat and through the front windshield. My skull 'might as well have been an eggshell.' Coroner's words, not mine."

"And your brains like...scrambled eggs."

"Sure," Tony replied, absent-mindedly.

"Making me hungry, Tony." Marlowe looked around and took stock of the place. Every inch of the walls were mounted with screens on screens on screens, displaying one of the multifarious events of the day--monster trucks engaged in battle with strange lizards the size of buffalos, racecars going round and round a circuit with evolving traps, rolling boulders, and spikes, rickety oldsmobiles driven by drunk people making diffident turns around orange cones that exploded on impact.

"Not exactly the heaven and hell concept our religions weaned us on, is it, this place? And why the heck is the hotel called Hotel California? No rhyme or reason there. It's like they let some...kid...design our afterlife. Some fifth-dimensional alien kid that mommy and daddy let play with their hi-tech universe-creation kits. 'Just add water!'"

"You're not far off," came a voice at the end of the table. The bearer of this voice was a hunched over shell of a man with long gray greasy locks draping over his face like a mop. He was staring deeply into his drink as if there he would find the eternal secrets of the universe. "...and they were playing the song...on the silver steed."

"What's that, Titus? Here to lay upon us yet another prophesy?"

"I've seen it, I've seen it all. Titus knows. Titus has seen it."

"How does the story go, again? Some aliens took you up into their flying saucer to probe your butt, but in the middle of all this digging and the prodding they felt it incumbent upon them to share with you answers about the nature of all reality in a mystic vision? What...as a kind of apology?" Marlowe, in what he supposed a dumb alien voice, continued, "'We, aliens, apologize for our proctal examination. Here, human, as compensation, have some knowledge. It is good knowledge. Take some good knowledge, human thing.'"

"They.. were going to make me forget what I saw, all that I learned when our minds touched, but then--there was an accident! A thunderous roar and blinding light! Before they could erase my mind, I died. And then...here." Titus' eyes widened through all this as though he weren't at the bar at all, but right back in that moment, reliving it.

Marlowe has having fun now. "If anything it was probably some sort of...alien anesthetic--if we're even allowing that there *were* aliens, that is--and, you know, human biology being so different from theirs, they probably miscalibrated it a bit or didn't understand what side effects it would have on human thing such as yourself...But, hey, it's cool: you croaked while rocking out to some alien drugs on a fricking spacecraft. That's awesome. Definitely one of the better death stories I've heard, I'll give you that...even if it's probably a load of baloney."

Then a new voice in the conversation, distinctly female, and at once both mellifluous and tough as grease. "We're in a purgatory designed around the concept of driving, of all things, and you can't wrap your head around the existence of aliens." Kayla, fully clad in the maroon of her one-piece leather motorcycle riding suit, set her helmet, also maroon, on the bar counter and perched up next to Marlowe.

"Not an afterlife, no...merely...another." Titus was still muttering to himself. "Lives on lives on lives..."

"Live by the wheel," Kayla said, "die by the wheel, live the afterlife by the wheel. It sort of makes sense. But it's also stupendously stupid."

"Well, that's what I was just saying! But then Titus took my alien-kid-in-his basement talk literally and...now look at him."

"--an infinite stack of lives."

"I was wondering who got him going this time," Kayla said.

"Yea. It was me. I wonder how many of these purgatories there are," Marlowe said. "Say, what if, you died from a coconut falling on your head? I mean, we who died by the wheel get to race round and round in various courses and events--mostly designed to kill us in creative fashion along the way--and we do this day in and day out, and, sure, it's kind of morbid, yea, but I also get a kick out of it sometimes. It has its thrills. But in coconut-death purgatory, for example, is it just...raining coconuts from the sky all the time? With no shelter, no tragic death-by-vehicular-fire thrills, and only coconut for food, coconut for drink, just coconut, coconut, coconut? All day, every day?"

"I'd go koo-koo with all those coconuts," Kayla said.

"I'd go koo-koo for some Cocoapuffs, right about now. Man, everybody making me hungry today."

"...but the way out of this one is not in death." Titus was becoming visibly agitated, clutching his drink in both hands and rocking back and forth vigorously. "The way out is not in death. No, no, not death. The way out is not death."

Kayla exchanged a look of concern with Marlowe. "Titus, you okay there, buddy?"

Titus suddenly shot up like arrow, and lightning-quick like a cat on the pounce he was there in front of Marlowe, his fists clenched around Marlowe's collars, shaking him vigorously and spittle sputtering from his lips, "The way of here is not death! THE WAY OUT OF HERE IS NOT DEATH! The prophesied one comes--to take us, all of us!"

Marlowe struggled, but the old man's grip was an iron vice. "Get--take us where!?--get off!"

"To the next place. To the next place! It's all part of the plan--I see it now! Titus sees!" The look in his eyes was wild, with only the whites showing. "You must find him--you have been chosen--"

A flash of maroon and then the silence--"Well, that's enough of that." Kayla's helmet had cracked upon the old man's skull--almost casually--but not without force, as evinced by the thud heard round the bar and the momentary shock in the eyes of the patrons at this unexpected conclusion. Their eyes turned back to the drinks and the screens.