I hit enter, close my laptop, and let myself drift to sleep.

ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti

The light is blinding, I fight that feeling of eyelashes and tears in my eyes, trying to keep them open for long enough to look around. I sit up and blink rapidly, my laptop sliding off my lap. there is no thump of hardwood floor, only  dull thud, but in the moment I don't notice. my room is unchanged, my bed disheveled, my desk covered in dirty plates and open books, and a grease stained monitor, all strategically placed to avoid an old mouse and keyboard. a cheap bookshelf that is always slightly crooked groans almost audibly under the weight of 3 years of college textbooks. the floor is strewn with an assortment of clothes, empty beer cans, and an occasional book.

ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti

Did I say my room was unchanged? well, not exactly. the contents are the same, but there is no room. no walls, no ceiling. the bright light is a mid-day sun beating down on a rolling field, and that horrendous ticking sound is my old, broken watch dancing around, almost animated, the hands moving counterclockwise furiously. 

ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti

I slowly, almost trance like, pick up and open my laptop. a page pops up onto screen, my assignment from last night - a paper on the capture of Paris, and a green check mark that means submitted. then the web page closes, replaced by a "servers stopped responding" error message. 

ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-tic-tic-tick

my watch stops, still broken, apparently. it is 11:47 a.m. My laptop's 3% battery warning comes up, guess that is what I get for not charging it last night. Maybe I will invent electricity and get this machine working, I think. I check the date, one last act before it dies. May 19, 1418.

"you can't get a job with a history degree," they said, "do something useful,  with that scholarship," they said. I let a smile form on my lips. 