"Daaaad! The house is haunted!" My son, Tristan, rushed up to me, eyes wide and fists clenched shaking with fear. I had just put him to bed and went to watch television before bed, as this was the one day that wasn't especially busy for me or my family.

"Haunted?" I reply, bemused and assured this is just some childish game, like imaginary friends or the floor melting into bubbling lava. "What makes you say that?"

"Bumblebee! His head! He started moving! And making noise!" Tristan replied, climbing onto the couch and kneeling next to me. "You have to come look! You have to!!" He began to shake my arm eagerly, in which I roll my eyes and smile.

"Alright, I believe you," I smirk, hoisting myself off the couch and letting Tristan lead the way.

He rushed to the hallway, before lingering outside his room. Quivering with fear. This is where suspicions began to grow.

I push the door open, and am greeted with the sight of tiny lights and the sound of machinery moving and plastic squeaking moving around the room. I reach for the light switch. Immediately the room reveals dozens of toys whirring around and exploring. I see a Woody from Toy Story doll wobble and trip on his soft legs. His piggy bank throwing up dimes. Sounds of gunfire and screaming comes from his tub of toy soldiers. I didn't want to see what was clawing on the inside of the box labelled "DINOSAURS".

It was bewildering, and as my two young daughters join me to watch in horror. Toys have come to life. This could potentially be dangerous. It wouldn't be long until Sasha accidentally pokes her eye out on a light saber, and kill herself in the process. I feel like I know what to do.

"Girls, stay behind me. You too, Tristan."

The four of us make our way downstairs to the basement. Sasha and India Rose rubs their eyes sleepily, but is fortunate their Barbie's aren't forcefully braiding their hair any longer.
The basement is dusty, and full of boxes, but I know where it is. What I'm looking for.
The one thing only the worthy can wield.
I reach into a box, and pull out a prop. Mjolnir.
Thunder booms loudly outside.

"Chris?" My wife calls down the stairs. "What are you doing?"

My name is Chris Hemsworth.
I am Thor.