The knight welded a sword, crimson blue,  as was the flag of the kingdom now fallen into an abyss of Rubel. A knight the man was, but no warrior. The wars he fought he lost, he was a new man. Darker Skin with dark brown eyes. His armor shattered to the greatest extent, slouched up and held the infant before me. I was not yet accustomed to the man's tradition of feudalism, the concept of social classes was quite new to me. I rose on my two front legs and looked down upon the humans.  " A princess, no different than a gnat. I take little interest, human, escort your self to the door at once. It sees me that you never return to the cave I lurk upon."
The knight looked at me, tearful, and running of the red ooze. He fell to the ground infant about his arm. The man fell over, his now white eyes looked upon me. The infant little injured, crying, was on the floor. I do not wish to take care of the child, an annoyance she is. She will be treated as one. He flew his lips back and gently look the infant by her rags. He walked with great care till he reached the mountainside. The kingdom miles away was present, burning into oblivion. I gently placed the young girl on a rock that presented the cave's entrance. As for the knight, I care less, I marched to the place he fell and stored it as a snack in my cellar. The infants crying was heard from the deepest end of the caves, dragons have a large abundance of tolerance to annoyance. I ignored the infant for the night. I dreamt of the three moons flying over the mountains I inhabit, each one brighter than the next. Full in bird view of the mountain. The moons above the mountain he calls home, lurked into a wedging formation behind the rather bright one. Suddenly it felt as if he was being watched by a thousand raven. He stared at the mountains as if he couldn't stop staring. "Hijoas, Dragon of Storms, I rage upon you, god of the moons and the suns upon. You're to take great care of the princess you simply call a dull annoyance." I looked at the moons with great fancy. All I could actually do was a nod in agreement to the god. Suddenly the moons dimmed and the darkness turned to blurs the blurs to his sleep chambers.