Day 112 - Event 54


Over 100 days since I last saw her. Each day there's a brief moment, where I wonder if maybe it's finally over. Maybe I'm finally free. But I've been down this road before. I have to keep reminding myself that it's never going to be over. I'm always going to have to be there for her.


Day 1 - Event 55


It happened again last night. It was her ex this time. Lucky bastard. If he knew my life he wouldnt be so angry about her leaving. I left this one on the street, bleeding out under a lamp post. He won't be bothering her again, so he won't be bothering me either. 

These are the best times. The times just after it happens. She's crying, she's scared, but she's with the police, or she's at the hospital, or she's just gone home to her parents. She's tired and hurt, but she's ***safe***. And i can sleep soundly.


Day 25 - Event 55

Almost four weeks now. I'm beginning to worry again. Worry that it might happen. I'm cursed to always be there when she needs me, but that isn't some sort of black and white thing. I can feel it, all the time, pulling me towards her. Pulling me towards my own personal demon. Sometimes my stomach lurches and I know she's stumbled or had a fright, always something sudden that passes before the transition occurs. For those few moments, I can hear her voice, echoing in my head. A snippet of her life as the transition wavers on the edge of culmination. I live in fear of that moment, and I live prepared for it. If I wasn't, I could be pulled to my own demise. 

Not that it would matter. We've been down that road already.

Day 1 - Event 56.

Some crackhead got the wrong door today. She was sobbing in the corner of her front room. I threw him out of the window. He's lucky it was the tenth floor, he hit the ground too hard to feel much.

From the date, it would appear I went 97 days without an event. I was dead for three weeks this time, before she pulled me back into existence. I posted the diary to my sister for safekeeping before taking a 23rd floor swan dive. Any less and there would be enough to identify my body.

Sometimes it's nice just to get a break from the pull. In the dark void of nothingness that lies beyond life, you feel nothing, not even the passage of time. Now I can sleep again.


Day 36 - Event 56

Sometimes I wonder what will happen when she dies. If I knew certain, I'd put a bullet in her myself. If that first mugger handn't shot me dead, I'd be willing to risk it now. But if Im only alive to be there for her, what happens if she's no longer there? Will I die immediately? Will I get a chance to live my life free of her? Or will I just be pulled to die by her side in whatever disaster befalls her.

Day 1 - Freedom

It's finally over. She's dead, and it's finally over. I was sitting, reading a book, and I felt it, more suddenly than ever before. A Wednesday morning at 11:24am, in the middle of her work in a nice, safe office. No time to prepare, or think, I was just stood right behind her as she fell. Blood came out of her nose. My doctor told me she had an aneurysm. They told me I rushed to help her, panicked and scared. Once I saw she was lifeless, i was overcome with shock. I began crying and laughing, howling with glee. They had to pin me down and sedate me. When I came around, they told me I was overcome by grief, and I played along until I convinced them to release me.

After 35 years, I'm free. No tugging, no fear. Today, Sharon Thomas, died, and I was born again.

Day 156 - Event 57

My stomach has been growing tense over the past two days. I almost didn't recognise the feeling. Five minutes ago the pain peaked. And I heard it. A whisper.

"Its so lonely here. You said you'd always be there..."
