"Ah. Yes, I'll see what I can do about it."
I quickly rush over to my manager and he can see my confused expression. 
"What's the matter Justin? You need something?" he asks. 
"Yes... it appears that the customer over there has made a special request on top of his order" I reply. He nods at me to go on. "Well, he ordered our special grilled sashimi selection and a regular chicken karaage don (ricebowl), but asked if it was possible, to add to the order 'Something happy, with cats, and maybe lizards.' Do we have anything for him Boss? 

My manager is evidently surprised as well. His face shifted from a perplexed expression to one of mischief and cunning. "Yes, I'll be sure to facilitate our guest's order." And with that, he ran off to the kitchen. 
I continue to serve the customers and when his order was complete, I brought the man's order to him. He gives me a quizzical look and asks "That's it? Just a regular order?"

"Sir, I can assure you, something special is coming along with this. In the meantime, please enjoy your meal" I reply. I head towards the kitchen, and lo and  behold, the manager has created a monstrosity. 
It turns out, my boss told the chefs to prepare hot skewers, then ran into the alleyway and found a stray cat. He lured it over with leftover fish and caught it in a net. Now, he was tying the cat's legs together and drawing a large smile on the cat's face, as he grilled it alive. The foul stench of burnt fur could be smelled faintly through our kitchen's powerful ventilation system. But alas, it seems that he ordered for geckos as well, and the delivery man arrives and takes payment for the four geckos he brings. He takes the hot skewers and pierces the geckos onto the poor cat, two as substitute ears and the last two as a lengthened tail. A gasp of horror escapes my mouth and he somehow hears it and turns and smiles at me. 

"Isn't this wonderful Justin?" he asks. "I think our guest will be presently surprised!" 
"Ah, yes... I think he will be!" I reply nervously. I think to myself, "Hell no, you're a monster dude. Get me outta here." I decide, I do not want to be the one presenting this, so my next sentence was a pure work of a genius.
"Boss, since you uh, worked so hard on this, why don't you present this to him?" I say.
"Absolutely" he replies. At this point, I loosen my waiter's uniform. I already received my paycheck yesterday, so I could afford to miss out on today's action. My boss finishes grilling the poor cat and adds the finishing touches before taking it out. I slip out to refill waters here and there, keeping an eye out for when my boss makes his appearance.

I hear the doors creak as they open and close. Behold, my boss has come out, covering the special dish with a large metal cover. He brings it to the guest, who finishes his last piece of grilled sashimi. 
"Is this the surprise?" the guest asks.
"Indeed, my apologies for the wait." He lifts the cover. "I present to you, a special dish. Here, we have a most delicate grilled cat, with happy additions of a smile and enlarged ears and a lengthened tail made from a most delicate lizard. Enjoy this master piece!"

The guest has a look of horror on his face and is clearly appalled. He responds "What the hell is this? When I asked for something happy with cats and maybe lizards, I meant maybe shape the sashimi and rice after cats and lizards, and maybe put a cheap smile on them. How did it turn into this? How the hell is anyone supposed to eat it? Is it even clean? This cat just looks like my cat that went missing recently, and these lizards look like my geckos from the pet store. Oh no... it is you... my poor cat... oh Muffins, what has he done to you?!" 

At this point, reality stopped making sense. This man begins to eat his own grilled cat, only to be disgusted by the taste and the unclean state of his cat. He chokes and throws up. My boss has a horrified look on his face. Other customers ser and begin screaming at the horrific monstrosity that has been created. I slip off my uniform and run out the front door. I'm not sticking around to see what happens. So I end up going home and drinking some wine to help cope with the reality I witnessed that day.

A few days later, the restaurant is now closed and the boss has since then been arrested for animal cruelty and improper conduct. Something happy, with cats, and maybe lizards indeed.

edit: spacing
