"Point of order honorable Dungeon Master, that's a violation of procedure!" said Marco Rubio, Ranger. "Senator Franken should not have that many spells per day at his current level!"

Senator Wyden (D-OR) sighed. D&D was his ace in the hole for extending the filibuster but he was beginning to regret the constant rules-lawyering he had to put up with. It began so simply ten hours ago. He took a page from earlier filibusters and read the entire Star Wars Thrawn Trilogy (easily boosting his numbers for re-election) back to back and shifted to D&D after he finished. It began as a simple homebrew campaign but the constant *obstructionism* was getting on his nerves.

Senator Al Franken (D-MN) was quick on his reply. "Again, I am a Sorcerer, my charisma modifier lets me take additional spells per day. It's in the Players Guide Rubio!"

"Hold up!" said Ted Cruz (R-TX). "If we are going by a strict interpretation of the rules, your extra spells per day per the rules of the Dungeon Masters guide indicates it should..."

"*Oh for fucks sake*" Wyden thought. Cruz was the fucking worst. Of course he rolled Paladin. Of course he had to stick to his laws like iron in every encounter. Of course he had to play his character as *lawful stupid*. He needed to move this forward. "ROLL A REFLEX SAVE"

The sound of D20s echoed through the chamber as the Senators rolled their dies. Most of the rolls were high enough to beat the check, Cruz however, to Wyden's sadistic delight, rolled a critical fail. 

"You move to engage the Orc when the ballista volley blasts your character into the wall. You are unconscious, roll a constitution check to see if you stabilize.

"I immediately cast Infernal Healing!" said Senator Portman (R-OH), team Cleric. 

"Senator Portman, wait your turn, you rolled a 2 in the initiative roll and you are lower on the turn order!" shouted Wyden.

"Am I still in bird form?" asked Senator Sanders (I-VT), Druid. "Can I turn into a whale and drop onto the ballista?"

Wyden clutched the side of his head. This was a terrible idea. If the Affordable Care Act was not on the line he'd end it here. The questions, the inexperience, it was maddening.

"Are you guys done messing around and are you going to get me revived already?" said Mike Pence, Bard.

Edit: Sanders is an independent, confusion stemmed from his appearance in the Democratic primaries. My bad.