They really weren't kidding when they said New York was a large city. I've always wanted to visit the big apple—but not today, not like this. Just two minutes ago I was on highway 101 driving home from work; A blink later, well, I found myself like this, right here. 

The first thing I noticed was my new height. Though I wasn't very tall before, I now found myself at least a foot shorter, having to look up to the towering skyscrapers and the frantic people running around me.  Oh god, what was happening? Where was the highway, where was my car? What is going on? It was then that I saw a red BMW jerk off the road and crash into a fire hydrant on the sidewalk; suddenly, a cacophony of sounds erupted. People—no—everyone, began to panic. 

I rubbed my eyes; just what kind of ridiculous dream is this? And that was when my hand graced my hair. It felt different. Very different. The once-electric black spikes were now replaced by golden curls that cascaded down my back, and my hands, oh, my hands, were now small and dainty. The nails glistened under the darkening night sky as I examined them, and I figured they had some sort of polish rubbed on top. THIS ISN'T THE TIME TO BE THINKING ABOUT THIS! I felt a gush of panic as I pushed away from the thought and placed my hands in front of my breasts and felt them jiggle under my crimson dress.  
OH GOD OH GOD OH GOD! I froze, in a desperate attempt to do something, anything, I ran forward only to fall and trip on my high heels. I jolt of pain went through me, but surprisingly cleared my mind. I was a woman now—a woman wearing a tight dress, lost and confused amidst the crowd in New York. From the look of it, this didn't just affect me. Everyone's body was swapped, their souls ripped from their bodies and stuffed into someone else’s. I avoided thinking about my own body and how I was driving at 80mph before I swapped. Then, suddenly, the screams and wailing grew silent. People around me stopped running and looked up at the sky, despite the chaos and hell that still surrounded us, so I did too; there, imprinted between the stars, was a large projection that was written in comic sans:
Dear humans: hopefully you have realized by now that your body has been swapped. This is justs your friendly neighborhood alien scientist conducting an experiment regarding the consciousness and physical body. Enjoy your "out of body experience" while it lasts. And remember DON‘T PANIC!