"S-sir, he's-" The private stuttered.
"On his way?" The general finished. "Good." The ground shook.  A vortex opened, a swirling mix of blue, purple, and black.  An armored, jet-black, clawed hand grabbed the edge of the vortex.  The hand appeared to be just armor, with gaps spreading purple mist.  Another hand grabbed the edge.  The creature began pulling itself up.  Bending like no normal human could do, a foot landed on the edge.  The foot appeared like a dragon's, clawed, with half the size of it being the toes, and the rest being the sole, heel, and other parts.  It then leaped up out of the hole.  It stood at least 10 feet tall, with a build like a barbarian.  Its body completely armored, covered in scratches and dents.  Its dome shaped helmet had two horns, reminiscent of the stereotypical Viking helmet, but growing purple, with red cracks through it.  On top, it had 2 ridges, similar to black saw blades.  The hole for the face was in a t-shape, purple mist flowing out, with 2 glowing, red, almond-shaped eyes.  The armor appeared bulky, and angled.  In its right hand, it held a massive sword.  Its handle was, once again, jet black, with the guard in a crescent shape.  The blade was red, starting round with the diameter of the handle, and then widening to a massive, flat, double-edged blade.  It stood there.  The commander sighed.
"So," The commander said. "That's him." The private was in awe.
"Th-the..." He gasped. "The Shadow King..." An alien soldier fired at him with their pulse pistol.  The Shadow King held his sword out, which absorbed the blast.  He swung it towards the alien, not even close to touching it, due to the alien being 20 feet away.  As the sword moved, it created a wave, that fired out, cutting the target clean in half.  The Shadow King stepped forward slowly, and burst into a sprint.  The alien militia began firing, not even touching his body, as it turned into mist any time a laser approached.  The Shadow King went straight to work, cutting aliens in half, their bodies being turned into energy, that went into the sword, making it stronger.  Waves of energy, alien shrieking, and blood were the only things that anyone could pay attention to.

After the massacre, the Shadow King approached the commander.  They locked eyes.
"What do you have that could pay me?" The Shadow King said, in a low, somewhat gravelly voice.
"What do you want?" The commander replied.
"You know exactly what I want, fool."
"I do, so I prepared someone for you." The commander flicked a switch on the wall, opening the window into a capsule containing a large alien, in royal clothes.
"The alien queen?" The Shadow King said.
"Yes sir," The commander replied. "She's all yours."  The window opened, letting the alien royalty out.  She cursed in her native language.  The Shadow King approached her.  She locked eyes with him.  She started to say something, but was stopped when the Shadow King plunged his hand into her head.  It didn't puncture her skin, it seemed to pass through it.  Strange, heartbeat-like sounds began to ring out.  Slowly, the alien queen's eyes began to roll back into her skull, then she began to change from living to a husk.  Her skin turned brown and wrinkly, and she became thinner and thinner.  After she was drained, the Shadow King pulled his hand free.  In a cloud of purple mist, he was gone.
"Oh... I think I'm gonna..." The private sighed.  He fell over, fainted from fear.
"Good grief..." The commander sighed.  He lit a cigar, and puffed a cloud of smoke.  Looks like that's over."