Disgust reared up at the plate of mac and cheese and would have hit the vomit button if Joy didn't hold him firmly out of reach. 

"I hope mac and cheese is okay. It's Ash's favorite." Lily ruffled The Brat's hair with a nervous twitch in her movements, almost as if The Brat were holding her hostage to the evening. 

Joy took the controls swiftly, bumping Disgust to the back of the room. Tyler did his signature  grin at the plate of clotted cheese and rubber elbows and beamed back up at The Brat.

"Mac and cheese is my favorite, too! How about that, kiddo?" 

Guilt would have rolled her eyes, but Guilt hadn't been in the control in four months and everything was riding smooth. It usually did with Joy behind the controls and Lust at arm's reach.

The Brat looked at Tyler as though he could will him to die if he stared hard enough. Tyler thought, idly, that perhaps The Brat would have turned out a lot like him. And of course Lily gaped at Tyler with too wide doe eyes. That part was good. Tyler thought of her as shapeless dough, something easy to ply. 

"Ash, Tyler said something to you. Be polite." She made some unreadable face at Tyler, some "kids will be kids" expression that was meant to right some unfelt offense. Apathy rolled his eyes. 

"Neat," said The Brat, to no heartfelt extent.

"Ash!" With a heat of embarassment flaring in her cheeks, Lily could almost be beautiful. She certainly would have been beautiful four months ago, when Lust could be stirred to life with anything less than blood. 

"I'm sorry. He's not usually like this. I think he's just nervous to meet you, that's all." The possessive way she said "you" sent Hilarity into fits of giggles. You. Like she was introducing The Brat to his soon to be dad. Like Tyler could fit into the neat little family package she had all planned out.

A smile flitted across Tyler's face, unable to be stopped, until Solemnity took the wheel.

"It's OK. I understand this isn't easy for you, Ash. I'm not trying to replace your dad. You don't have to worry. Your mother and I are willing to take what we have as slowly as you need us to. Isn't that right, honey?"
 
The last word sent everyone giggling. It was always like this in the control room, before a kill. The euphoric lift of spirits as Hilarity came closer and closer to the chair. Things were just so hard lately, working those nights.

"Of course. I just thought this would be a nice way for you two to finally meet.You'll have plenty of time to get used to this, Ash, baby." 

Lily and her too wide doe eyes. There was a brief flare up at the entitled way she spoke of him, like Tyler could ever be hers, some Ken doll to dress up and parade around at farmer's markets and school bake sales, yeah right, Tyler was going to show her he was going to show her if thats what it fucking TOOK

It took some wrestling to get Anger away from the chair, but eventually Hilarity Apathy, and Solemnity held him down as Joy took back control.

"Actually, now seems like a good time. I have something for you in the kitchen, little buddy. Your mom told me you like baseball?"

Just like that the tension left Lily's eyes and finally Tyler squeezed an eager nod out of The Brat, probably the most enthusiasm he ever displayed in his short life.

Tyler excused himself from the trying-too-hard mac and cheese and the blue checkered tablecloth where the sad little splintered family sat. He went in the kitchen, where he got the baseball bat out of its bag. Feeling its easy weight in his hands made him lightheaded. He ran his fingers along the nails that stuck out from the bat 

(get stuck in their heads get stuck in their heads get stuck get stuck)

and thought about how the little boy liked baseball. Lily had even told him how badly Ash wanted a bat.

As the wood cracked down through the air and connected with the mother's head, Hilarity screamed,

"HOW BOUT A STEAK NEXT TIME, YOU CUNT!"