The soft furs around my body are warm, drawing me back into them.  I groan as I fight awakening, wishing only to fall back into slumber.

A stirring to my right draws my attention as the young child holding a jug scuffs the table against the floor.  The boy exits, only to return followed by an aging woman.

She busies herself about the room, pouring a cup of water and proffering bread.  I accept, but I know nothing of what she says.  Nothing makes sense or seems familiar.  I grunt in hopes that she will offer more food.  Her mouth turns up and she tears another piece of bread off, putting it in my palm as she did the other one.

She vocalizes again but it is no more coherent than before.  

I grunt again before realizing the sound alone will not be enough, but I have no more to offer.  She shakes her head and beckons me.  Hoping it means more food i follow her into a room full of other people, throwing whispers and glances that sow unease.  I tense up in reaction, only to relax at the touch of a hand, the child from earlier.

"Jagtaron?" he questions.  The name is familiar, the ring of it fitting into place.
I nod and the boy says something much like the woman from earlier.  When I do not respond he mutters some more and swings his hand toward me.  Sparks flash from his fingertips and the whispers become coherent as I recoil from the motion.  The child offers a knowing expression, then returns to the circle of children who seem very interested in what memory he relinquished.  I turn my attention back to the group of older people, trying to make sense of the hushed conversations.  

Phrases drift in and out, mostly of "savior" and "such power".  One particularly gruff voice attached to an equally gruff man announces that the last 'Overlord' had been vanquished.  All the people immediately throw up their hands in joy, loud praises and rejoices could be heard from outside joining in the excitement of the inside.  Only I was silent, not passing from the attention of the older woman from earlier, who comes closer.

"What cause for celebration?" I ask, my throat hoarse from disuse.

"My travelling child, your magic has saved us.  The feat you performed allowed our people to rise against our captors, the Ungifted.  We are free from slavery.  Our memories and our powers are under our control once more.  Thank you, our savior."  She finishes with a bow of her head, wetness once again falling down her cheeks.