"In just a few I would be able to hang up my God's Eye and relax without the uncountable souls beckoning me to do favors for them."

"So many asked for changes to what I had written in stone prior to the requests. It was so difficult to hear their pleas for the outcome that I could not give to transpire. They can't be cured, their suffering will give perspective. They couldn't survive, the loss would give the opportunity for charity. That windfall of wealth would never make you as happy as the love set in your impoverished path. I know I only added momentum to gears long set in its gearing. Still, I would try to make adjustments that could never meet their plea. So few accepted the positive redirections of fate, but I knew all took what they could and would be happier than what hath been preordained."

"I have had no such exuberance as when the plan, the path, and the prayer met in perfection."

"The hardest prayers to hear were of those who asked for me to make myself known. I tried to be capable of acknowledgement, but you can't see with your eyes shut. I would miss their joys in blessings. Their funny thoughts brought me such joy."

"I will miss being so connected to such a special aspect of creation. There is something to be said of watching the universe advance, but so great and good was watching life coming to be and evolve. I had looked back to see when The First gifted his being with life, it made everything before and after it so insignificantly unimportant. Before that imbusion of an aspect of self, watching time unfold was so boringly spectacular. So much of the same cycling of nothing and something. It is dreadful that I will never tweak an electron and watch as it causes a being to become us in this."

"So much time and so little of it. I saw what was to be after my abdicative appointment, I am sorrowful as the path is so scary and beautiful. I had often asked if it would change, I answered that it couldn't have unless it did."

"If The First had any mind to have changed things differently, I don't know if the end result would be any different. All the same, it is all the same. Having the power to do everything, I thought it would be more. If any of those poor beautiful things knew I could not change it, they would ask 'why?', I said it is."

"Watching and doing is what existence is, and I love it"

"I wondered how things would be, I have known nothing but."

"When the time comes, I must hold dear it."

"The following will watch and do, I can only be then."

"I had become what so many asked for, it is time to cycle it and continue just slightly so."

"New beginnings to the past, I burn in excitement for my new self, exploding hot only to cool, watch them sparkle across my eye only to be again."

"As my first act, I demand it be so without being again, instead it is. Perhaps the next will do the same as it is, regardless I delight in the spectacle The First ordained with me."

"I vote for it to be and so it was unanimous, I will have had them to be and they will, I have said it so and it was, I did rest but only long enough to be without rest."

"I know that and it do accept what I know to be it.

"It is."

"Now to"

"Am"