On April 23rd, Sally and Mark did something incredibly selfish. They met. Usually, it's not much of a deal, people meet all the time. For some, such meetings might result in a life-changing event, but most of the time it ends with an "excuse me" as you bump into a stranger, maybe exchange looks with each other, and then hurry on to the garage sale you've read about in the newspaper, forgetting the encounter. 

But Sally and Mark were special, because if they met, the world would end, or so the prophecy foretold. No fanfares, or the four riders of apocalypse, it would simply burn out like a nightlamp that you decided to keep on all the time because you like its ambient light. Things do give in, eventually. 

Being the responsible adults they are, Sally and Mark wouldn't have that, of course, as soon as they knew their fates they made sure to keep tabs on each other to avoid the undesirable outcome of an apocalypse. Day in and out, they would keep in touch with each other and make they they wouldn't cross paths. 

Each morning started with a friendly text, often saying something along the lines of "Hey Sally, what's the plan for today?", followed by a smiley face. And Sally would reply, elaborating on what she had on her agenda and what coffee flavor she'd order today at Starbucks. As the days passed, the conversations grew longer, and persisted long into the night. Sally and Mark were falling in love. 

Love does strange things to people. Usually not the impending apocalypse kind of strange, but guess that was just a matter of time. On April 21, Sally and Mark decided that they, being the responsible adults they are, did not believe in prophecies about the world's end, and that they would go for an ice-cream. Sally would wear light jeans and Mark a dark t-shirt with white sneakers. 

"Two scoops of chocolate mint, please", said Sally, standing next to an ice-cream kiosk two days later. Next to her was Mark, looking at her and grinning like a fool, with a scoop of cookies & cream. He'd always rave about how much he loved cookies in their texts. They then joined hands and walked down the park's alley, joking about how silly they were to believe in fairy tales, and making plans for next Tuesday, unaware of million voices crying out in terror elsewhere, as their world was fizzling out. Prophecies are tricky like that; after all, nobody said it was specifically Sally and Mark's world that would end. The ice-cream was 25% off that day, too.