&#x200B;

I didn't even want to do the stupid game show, but Melanie put her foot down and told me that either I found the 10,000 dollars we needed to move to a new place, or she was done. I couldn't afford to lose Melanie, so I caved.  The fact that I was an actual psychic had never given me any of advantage over Melanie; willful Melanie who always said what she thought and had no ghosts attached to her. *It should be a piece of cake for you,* she said. I always hated that expression. *A piece of cake.*

The host's smile shone like a 1000watt light bulb. "Alright contestants", he said, his voice booming with excitement. "You have fifteen more minutes". A girl had been murdered in this house. A sixteen-year-old girl called Alicia  Rosessen. Normally I don't go looking for the ghosts of murdered people, as they  tend to be quite unpleasant, but I had promised Melanie I would win this thing so that we could move out of the dump we had be living in, where the walls and windows rattled when the train passed and cockroaches scattered when you turned on the light in the bathroom.

The house was big, the people who had lived there had money. Everything looked intact, and if it hadn't been for the thin layer of dust that covered the furniture,  I would have thought a family still lived there. The girl had been murdered two years ago and her parents had left town after the circus media had flown in. 

 I went into the kitchen, which was big and almost all white. There was a double fridge and marble counters. The sun was setting, it was late autumn, and the red light reflected on the knives hanging from the wall, for a second they looked soaked in blood. I asked a producer where her room used to be. "Upstairs, first door to the right," he said. I went, and a camera followed me. The temperature dropped, but only I could feel it. Good. That meant she was still in the house. I mentally sighed, I could still win the game show. Because if she had moved on to the next plane, and I was forced to come up with a lie about what I had seen I had little doubt I would make a fool of myself. I'm a terrible liar.

 Never believe someone who claims to be a psychic. True psychics tend to  want to stay away from that kind of attention. I don't like talking to the dead either. No one who has will tell you it's a pleasant experience. Some of them,  the ghosts,  stay with what I call their 'residual image',  the image they had of themselves when they were alive, but some of them, I don't know why, rot alongside with their corpses, and if you can see them you can smell them too. That's why most real psychics are recluses. You never know when you are going to feel the foul stench of a ghost coming towards you. 

I scanned the room one last time and went back to the kitchen where my colleagues were performing all sorts of antics for the lenses. The host walked around asking the occasional question, and twice a girl stepped in to fix his make up. He batted her away, annoyed. He seemed jittery, and kept throwing looks around the house, as if waiting for something, or someone to creep around a corner. 

That's when I saw her, standing by the southern wall, next to an oil painting of a sunset in a meadow. She was staring directly at the host, her bony finger outstretched towards him, her moth uttering unintelligible words. I edged my way closer, careful not to let her see me, not yet, She kept on reciting her endless prayer, and sweat sprinkled from the host's forehead, and hands. The makeup kept running and the girl  kept trying to fix it. Finally, he turned around and barked at her to leave him alone. The girl ran away. Ghosts can do that, they can harass people and make them feel sick, but only if they find an entrance. An entrance is a feeling they can exploit. Guilt, shame. Rage.

The host somehow managed to re assume his cheery disposition for the cameras, and he called out to the contestants. "All right psychics! Time's up. And now it's time," he looked into a camera, "To see which one of you can shed some light on the murder, of Alicia  Rosessen."

The heat from the lights and the people was making my head swim. I hadn't eaten since the morning. Some ghosts realized I could see them, and they started to pester me, eager to have a chance to hold on to me. There is nothing more thrilling to a ghost than attaching itself to a Seer. Luckily, Seers know something that normal people don't; that ghosts are weak. I shooed an old man with a slit throat away, and he backed whimpering, like a kicked dog. The house was getting hotter and hotter. The ghost of Alicia  Rosessen  was still mouthing, the dead eyes fixated on the host. One by one my fellow psychics elaborated on their encounters with the spirit of the girl, they reported the results of their cold readings on a dead child, about how much she missed her parents, and school, and how much she loved playing soccer and how much she wanted to hug her dog, Daisy, one more time before moving on to the next plane. I felt vomit at the back of my throat. 

"Mr. Andersen" Said the host, turning towards me, smiling. "You look awfully pale. Has the psychic effort worn you out? "His voice had a sarcastic undertone.

I swallowed, and thought about Melanie. Alicia stopped her mouthing and locked eyes with my, a slow smile crept upon her face. 

My knees buckled. I fell on the floor, and the last thing I felt was the warm vomit that came out of me in spasms. 

When I woke up, I was in the house, but there were no cameras, the host, the other contestants and the crew were all gone. There was soft music playing, and laughter came from the dining room. I got up, and went to look. There was Alicia, all dressed up and looking pretty, and sitting next to her, with the same dazzling smile but a different suit, was the host. 

When I woke up the crewmen were holding me down and everyone else was looking at me in horror, the hosts suit soaked in dark blood, his body prone on the ground, the handle of a knife sticking out of his back. Next to him, Alicia smiled. 

&#x200B;