Memento flexed his fingers, the black spandex of his costume rippling as the imprinted clocks on it contracted, creating the illusion of them ticking. 

The heroine known as Vapor lay twitching on the floor before him, her eyes rolling into the back of her head, drool trickling from the side of her mouth. With her power to alter the temperature of water via some form of molecular manipulation, she'd quite literally made Memento's blood boil. In response, he'd set her mental age back by about thirty years, which, given she couldn't have been older than twenty, had left her brain-dead. A rather short-sighted action Memento now found himself regretting.

That said, it was a fitting revenge, if a little gruesome to behold. He hadn't even known his power worked like that. 

Murder wasn't Memento's forte; in fact, he was somewhat averse to it. He found himself spending far too long staring plaintively at the woman's convulsing body, wondering how he was going to sort this one out. 

Before he could finish considering what to do with the glorified kettle, however, a noise at the far end of the alley caught his attention. Moving into a crouch, Memento held his hands defensively at his sides. 

"Amelia? *Amelia?*" The voice was a man's, strained with age. 

The person the voice belonged to rounded the corner, coming into Memento's view. He was old and hunched, with glasses so thick Memento couldn't see the man's eyes through them and a seeing stick he clutched tightly. His expression appeared perpetually somber, cheeks sagged and lips downturned. 

The man walked forward, ignorant of the corpse in his way until his foot came to rest on Vapor's chest. He lurched back, nearly losing his balance. Stabilising, he gave the object a cautionary prod with his stick.

Kneeling down, he rested his hands on Vapor's cheeks. Memento saw the man quiver, his voice cracking as he uttered a disbelieving, *"No."* His hands explored Vapor's face with increased urgency, running through her hair, resting on her jaw and traversing her skin. He repeated every action two, three, *four* times, his denial slowly subsiding as he slumped forward, letting out a slight sob. 

*'Of course it's his fucking daughter,'* Memento thought, biting his tongue to stop himself from cursing. Despite the anger he felt at his rotten luck, the feeling was utterly eclipsed by an overwhelming sense of guilt, a knot tightening in his chest. 

"*Why...*" The man said, his voice strangely hollow. Broken. "Who would do this?" 

Once again, Memento flexed his fingers, feeling his power course through his body. There was an easy fix to this situation. A relatively painless one for the both of them. 

Given that Vapor had been younger than thirty, using his power on the grieving father would mitigate any memory he'd have of his daughter, sending him from the depths of despair back to cloud nine. *Peachy,* Memento thought. 

Sure, there'd be complications, but he'd rather deal with them with a clearer conscience. 

Without making a sound, Memento approached the man, placing his hands on the man's cheeks. Before he could comprehend what was happening, the man's memories were slipping away, hemorrhaging from his brain like blood from a wound. 

As Memento made contact, some of the memories bled into him, a consequence of the temporary mental link he needed to form in order for his power to function. Temporary flashes of memory flickered in his vision like a picture reel. 

*A husband and wife holding hands, a grinning girl perched on the man's shoulder.* 

*That same girl, years older and more mature, holdings hands with a boy in a suit whose eyes shied from the camera.* 

*The girl, yet again, smiling bashfully in her costume of blue and red, her cheeks flushed and her hands gesturing to the bubble imprinted on her chest.* 

The connection suddenly cut off, Memento lurching back as he brushed a bead of sweat from his forehead. His power tended to strain him, and already he could feel the exertion from using it twice in quick succession. 

The man had fallen onto his back beside his daughter, body as still as death. Memento approached cautiously, placed two fingers to the man's neck to ensure he was still alive and, once satisfied, turned on his heels to leave. 

He felt something clamp around his ankle, *hard.* Spinning back, Memento saw the man had his hand outstretched, his body still prone as he gripped Memento. 

The man's glasses had fallen off when he'd lunged. The eyes underneath were devoid of all detail, simply a milky white. As Memento stepped forward to try and use his power again, the man anticipated his movement, rolling out of harm's reach and twisting Memento's foot, his other hand slamming into the back of Memento's knee, making him buckle. The rest of Memento's forward momentum did the work, making him stumble to the ground. 

Before he could react, the man was on him, manhandling his right arm before pinning it behind his back, the bone creaking dangerously. 

Memento let out an agonised cry, gasping for air as he tried to articulate himself. "*Fu-fuck*, wait!" He grit his teeth. "I didn't do anything - she was dead when I found her, I swear!" 

The man simply chuckled, leaning forward until his lips were near Memento's ear. "I saw you murder her." 

"How? Your memories should be erased!" 

"Your power lies in the past, Memento. Mine - mine is in the future. All that will happen, all that can happen. But even powers atrophy with age; I should've seen you, stopped you before you killed her. She was all I had. Why? Why would you take her from me?!" 

"*Penance!* No -" Memento strained against the man's iron grip, trying to find any purchase on him so that he could use his power again. It'd never occurred to him the most famous hero of all time might still be at large, even living life as his alter-ego. Penance, the most powerful precog to have ever lived, until he'd begun developing Dementia, the illness having an inverse effect on his power. 

"Do you want to know how you'll die, Memento? Will the fear of knowing how it happens be worse than the experience itself, I wonder?"

"*Please...*" The man yanked Memento's arm, shutting him up. 

"I'll tell you this much. It'll be excruciatingly, beautifully, *fucking painful.* I'll make damn sure of that." 