Rushing through the door to work I glanced to the clock on the wall. Late once again, I wiped the crust from my eyes and took a seat in my grey cubicle. Another day in this monotonous life of plugging numbers and suppressing thoughts. Focusing more on keeping it together than my work I was slowly falling behind on. 

It's not so bad I would tell say, reminding myself of the alternative. I had found that if I suppressed all the emotion I felt, it made it easier. Just walk through life waiting for the next chance I could lay my head on the pillow and catch a moment of peace.  So I plugged the numbers in and waited for the inevitable stress to rise to the point I needed to escape to the restroom and sit in silence for just enough time to push the pain back to my insides. 

Anger, hate, sadness, regret, self hatred, pain, and the feeling of not belonging. Every waking moment of everyday for as long as I can remember, this is all I have felt. Broad shoulders. That's what I tell myself at least, such a stupid fallacy. I can handle this. Better me than them. There is no way anyone else could handle these emotions without going crazy. Whatever helped justify the existence I called my life. 

Sounds miserable huh? Well it just seemed like the normal everyday life to me. That is until I felt the worst emotion I have ever had the misfortune of feeling. This one moment changed everything.

I was walking back to my desk one day, as I passed the cubical of a coworker. This wasn't any ordinary coworker, this was Mandy. She had me from the moment we first talked. So real and genuine, calling me on my shit, but with grace and understanding. We locked eyes for just a moment before she looked quickly back to her work. Why must I sit 10 steps away from someone who will never care for me the way I care for her.

I could tell she was getting annoyed with me more and more each day we worked together and there was nothing I could do to make it right. I tried being honest, I tried joking, I tried ignoring her. She made the pain seem normal, she made the hate disappear, so I kept coming back for more, digging myself in a deeper and deeper hole. This was all leading up to one comment. 

I was going through a rough day and she called me after work, we talked for nearly 3 hours, laughing and joking about how crazy life was and all the bullshit of work and family. For the first time I could remember a smile cracked my lips, the feeling was foreign, strange. 

"I wish we could have met under different circumstances, things could have been so different" This simple sentence, that was probably a drunkenly uttered phrase that meant so little to her, changed my entire life. I felt for the first time something I had never know. 

Happiness.

I got off the phone, smiled the rest of the night and dreamt of what life might be. The world was changing and my pain had finally paid off. Everything I went through led up to this moment, and it was worth it.

I woke up early the next day, showered and got dressed in my best looking work clothes. Driving to work without a care in the world, just waiting for the moment I would get a smile from her. 

Walking through the door I told myself I would play it cool, let her talk to me first. I sat at my desk and played the moments over in my head. Never once did the pain or stress come up, and I got more work done before lunch than the last 3 day combined. She never came over though. Never made eye contact as I walked by and never even said hi. 

Feeling weird I went over to see how her day was, or whatever reason I could think of to go say hi. Short, that's how she was. Cold, that's how it felt. Broken, that's how I left. I could tell she wasn't happy about what she had said. 

I left her alone for 4 days to let it blow over, then I tried to talk to her again. This time she was worse than I had ever seen her. Rude, icey, snapping at me for merely existing. I knew then things would never be the same. 

Falling from my high I saw what life was meant to be. I saw how much life I had lived before I ever experienced a moment of happiness, then realized I wouldn't ever feel that again. I cursed the world as my mind filled with depression. 

Perspective is the worst thing I could have ever been given, for now I knew how bad things actually were. Shoulders didn't feel so broad anymore as I slunk back to my cube and plugged away the numbers. I didn't feel as strong as I fell back to my miserable existance. 

---------------

Sorry if this doesn't format well. First time doing one on mobile. Also I'm not an English major, so critique all you want. And to those who have felt like the robot taking only bad emotions, things do get better. Talk to a doctor and get some help, you deserve to feel true happiness.