I woke up on a dirt floor, in what appeared to be a concrete cell. Looking around for clues as to my whereabouts, I could hear a conversation on the other side of the heavy-looking door. It almost looked like those fire-proof doors they installed into old buildings. Try as I might, I couldn't make out any words. I decided to sit back down in a corner, and wait. 

It could have been an hour, it could have been half a day. You have no concept of time in dark rooms. I had been in the hole in jail, so had a few ways to fill my brain. Midway through a hypothetical conversation with my brother, I heard a lock click. The door swung open. It was that thick, I expected a bodybuilder behind it. The man, however, was slight. He had a bony face that I instinctively didn't trust. He was well-dressed, clothes looked like they were from the Victorian photographs we'd all seen as kids. He gave a smirk, and said "Good evening. You'll be coming with me now."

Out of options, I got off the floor, shaking the stiff feeling out of my joints. Peering into the doorway, I saw he had accomplices. Two men - one morbidly obese and rough-looking. Like he'd smoked a pack a day every day since he was in diapers. The other? The angry bodybuilder I'd been expecting first. Muscles put one gargantuan hand on my shoulder, effectively trapping me. He guided me to a back room down a corridor that was probably very short, but seemed to go on forever. 

Walking into the room, I saw a conference table. Sitting at it were four other people. A woman, quite frankly the sexiest woman I had ever seen. Think Jessica Rabbit meets Beyonce. Her nameplate said "Lust". The hand left my shoulder, and he sad down behind "Wrath". Fatty sad down at "Gluttony". Go figure. Behind "Greed" was a man with slicked back hair, and a tacky suit. Looked like a used car salesman, actually. He pulled out a cigarette and smiled as he lit it, flashing a set of teeth apparently made out of porcelain. "Pride" was another woman - again beautiful, but nothing on Lust. She didn't even look at me, instead choosing to stare down the person I now knew was Wrath. Playing a dangerous game there, girl. 

Lust stands up, sighing. Oh my God. In a voice like honey, she says "Where the hell is Sloth? He never turns up on time! For fucks sake!" Storming off, leaving the scent of a vanilla perfume stinging my nostrils as she goes down the corridor I had just come from. 

The thin man, who I noticed had not sat down, says "Third seat on the left. You'll find your name under the green cloth". Trying to avoid the gaze of these complete strangers, I sit down and gingerly pull the green cloth off the name plate. Envy, it reads. 

As I read it, and swallow dryly, Lust comes back, pushing a stoner. He had scratch marks on his cheek, probably from the talons at the end of Lust's fingers. He sits down in his seat, looking like a dog that got told off by his Master. 

*"SLOTH! So kind of you to join us!"*, he roars, making him jump. Looking sheeipsh, he mutters, *"Sorry, Lucifer. I was...uh...busy"*. Lucifer is having none of it, *"Yes, we know, getting high out of your damn mind....Whatever. Let us continue!"*

There is a pause. I'm suddenly very aware of the fact that all eyes are on me. 

Grinning wildly and sadistically, Lucifer gestures at me. *"Stand up, Envy!"*. I oblige. This man may be tiny, but something about him scares the shit out of me. *"Welcome to Hell! You, Envy, have been presented with a very unique opportunity! Your sin in life?"* He's checking a piece of paper. *"You were imprisoned for 25 years for murdering your ex wife's lover. Oh dear, Envy. What ever shall we do with you?"*

Looking around, everyone else is smiling. But it's not sadistic, now. It's...welcoming? Actually, that's a relief. At least they don't want to sacrifice me or something. Greed stands up. *"It is my pleasure to welcome you to the Seven Deadly Sins. We were some of the first humans to be cast down to Hell, rejected by our God. You can see on our name plates what we all did - accept it for now, ask questions later. So, why are we here? We like to have fun with our sins, injecting them into the human world in new and creative ways. We meet here monthly, to discuss our progress. Hell is one big party, and we need to keep it going. God abandoned us and fucked us all over, so it's our turn to do some damage. You in, Envy?"*

Staring at those perfectly white teeth and huge moustache, I take a minute to process what he's just said. Really? I'm a recruiting tool for Hell? Damn, the guys in Prison would have loved this. 

I swallow once more, give him a maniacal grin, look him dead in the eye and say *"I'm in"*. 




This is my first time actually putting anything on this Subreddit, please be nice. 





