When Doc told me I had six months left, I decided I wasn't going to spend it in an infirmary. Even with lead poisoning, I enlisted for a reason. I still fought, all the way through France. 

Then, there was a grenade I didn't hear hit the floor. Took Doc two hours to fix the leg up. At least he had a secret stash of morphine he used for situations like this. Afterwards, he told me I would have to spend the next two weeks in the infirmary. After those two weeks, I had about a year. 

So I spent the next year fighting in Germany, until the day came: Hitler was dead. By his own hand. We cheered. So many years of war, and finally it was over. But after that grenade, I had become more alert. So when I saw a disgruntled young man scowling at my commanding officer, I payed attention. And when I saw him pull out a gun, I sprang into action. 

I ran in front of him. He was aiming for the officers head. Instead, he hit mine.

I talk about this like it's nothing more than getting a headache, but I guess 73 years of telling this story will do that to you. 

Anyway, where was I? Oh, yes. He shot me in the head. I hit the ground. Surprisingly, hitting the ground hurt worse than the bullet. Gues that was a bad sign. My vision darkened and the pain faded...

Then it all came back into focus. I jumped to my feet. Everything was just a murmur. A bunch of people were running and panicking. Three guys were holding the shooter down. I looked around. No one was looking at me. They were all pointing and shouting at my feet. I looked down. 

Oh. That's why.

My dead body was laying on the ground, brains blown out. How lovely. 

I looked around, and found someone staring at me. Doc. He walked over to me. I though he was just like everyone else, unaware and muffled, until he walked straight though someone like a ghost. He came up to me and said, “Sorry, Dan. Boss won't let me do you any more favors. It's time.” I was astonished. What did he mean? Where was I? And as if he heard me, he said, “Welcome to Limbo. It's where people go before they're reaped. Usually, by me.” He waved his hand over his face and and his slender, dirty face was replaced by a skeleton's skull. “I am Orpheus Grimm. I am the Grimm Reaper. And now, we leave.” He grabbed my hand, and we departed from the land of the living.