Immortality, generally, was a boring affair. Kingdoms fell and rose, some burned to the ground, others crumbling to dust. The greatest of men eventually returned to the dirt with only monuments to mark their grain of sand in the proverbial human hourglass. 

Luckily for me, I had a companion—a blonde-haired, soft-lipped girl named Alexis. She had once took upon the name of Alexander and conquered all the known world. I had sat beside the *God* of Persia as I watched her come. If she wanted to unite the world, then I would tear it apart. 

What else was there to do?

For years we played our games. When she took the name Arthur, I took the name Mordred. By then, she couldn’t even recognize my face. To be fair, if I hadn’t been scouring the world to find her, she might’ve fooled me with her short haircut and baritone voice.

Our games went on for centuries. So much so that if anyone were to oppose us, we would simply assume them immortal. But eventually, even this became boring. No matter who won, we always ended back at square one. Time was a circle and though everything changed, nothing ever did.

I had tried telling her this, back when she had called herself Joanna to save a country. As I had laid the tinder by her feet and held the torch in my hand, I had whispered to her, “Everything we build will always die before we do.”

Fate had given her over a thousand years and she couldn’t see the simple truth of life—our monuments crumble, our bodies fail, and even our stories die.

“But I never will,” she had whispered back.

I had gasped. All this time I had searched for the loophole to our singular truth and she had been right in front of me. Alexis would never die. She would be my monument to the test of time! So I had touched her pyre with fire, a smile upon my lips. Soon, I would dig her back up and our new game would begin.

---

Droplets of water dripped from the only window in the room, echoing through the cave and waking Alexis up. She placed a cracked nail along the cement and scraped it until another tally formed. The cement’s jagged edges bit into her finger and tore apart its scab. She flinched.

Her first tally had been to count the days. By her five hundredth, she had switch to weeks, then months, and now, she was on decades. Though she had lost the exact count at year 422.

Footsteps resounded down the hall. Alexis gritted her teeth and looked up. It was her captor, Mordred, Xerxes, or whatever name he had chosen to call himself now. After her campaign in France, he had turned the very people she had saved against her. Then, he had burned her for being a witch. By the time she had awoke, she was here, inside a damp cave locked in by glass. Though the last time he had checked in on her was over a hundred years ago.

“Alexis,” Mordred said, standing at the edge of her cell. “How are you?”

“Peachy,” she said.

“C’mon, it’s already been a hundred years,” Mordred responded, smiling. “You can’t tell me that you’re still mad? Are you grouchy because you’re so hungry?”

Alexis stared him down.

Mordred grinned a crescent moon. “You know, there was this great fella, went by the name of Adolf. You would’ve hated the man—killed more people than we’ve ever met in our lives! Millions of them. Do you even understand that number? All the people you’ve ever seen doesn’t amount to a fraction of that! And they’re all dead now because of him.”

“You’re sick.”

He furrowed his brow. “A million people would die regardless. So what?”

“You spend all this time obsessing over creating something permanent, but isn’t it pathetic how little you’ve ever accomplished? All you’ve managed to do is be a thorn in my ass.”

“Alexis,” he said chuckling. “But I have created something permanent. Come closer and I’ll tell you.”

When Alexis didn’t move, he continued, “Please. I’ll even let you go. You’ll be free to wander the world however you see fit and I’ll never bother you again.”

For this, Alexis looked up. She crunched her teeth and finally pushed herself up. Even if he was lying, which she knew he was, how else could he hurt her? So he stepped to the edge of her cell, just imagining the things she would do to this man. Her bloody fingers curled into fists.

“I can’t imagine being in here so long,” Mordred said, “with nothing but the rats and the sun. I bet you’ve died countless times just starving to death. Have you kept count? Is that what the tallies on the walls mean?”

Alexis forced a smile to her lips. “Count the tallies Mordred,” she spat. “I will make you suffer for every tally.”

“You know, I hate this world. I think it’s beautiful, but its beauty always fades and if it doesn’t last forever, what’s the point?” He licked his lips. “But you last forever. So I figured if I could scar you so permanently, that you can never forget, I would have created my monument.”

“I’ve lived through a thousand years and I’ll live a thousand more. By then, even this”—Alexis turned in a circle, taking in every bloody scrape of the wall—“nobody will remember.”

“Oh, I think you will.” Mordred said and reached through the glass and grasped her shoulder.

Alexis stared. She couldn’t draw breath.

“Oh dear Alexis, I can’t imagine how painful this must’ve been. Do you remember the summers? This place became a stove.”

She looked up into his eyes, into his crooked grin.

“What about the winters? I’ve frozen to death once before and I never have again. I think that’s my least favorite way to die.”

“How?” she mouthed, unable to push the words out.

His grin grew into it split his face in two. “I took the glass away as you slept, little by little. After the first decade, you could’ve escaped. You could’ve just walked right out!”

He pushed her onto the ground. Her legs folded and she crumpled over. Tears filled her eyes.

“You bastard,” she cried. “I’m going to kill you.”

“Will you now?”

“I’ll chase you down, I don’t care how long it takes.”

“Music to my ears.”

“I’ll never forget. Until time itself has ended, I will chase you down and I will make you pay!”

Mordred flung his head up and guffawed, his laughter echoing all around them. “Then I suppose I should give myself a head start,” he said and left, whistling a tune as he did.

---

---

/r/jraywang for 5+ stories a week, continuations by popular demand, and more!
