I put it to you. 

Think about your childhood. Think if the happy times. Think of the memories. I draw a blank. My 5th birthday, I was given a puppy. A small furry thing that just wanted to pick my face and sit on my lap. My mother was hoping. Praying that this would make me feel something. 

I didn't smile. I didn't know how. What would I smile for? There's a small thing on my lap that wants attention. I remember the heartbroken look in my mother's eyes. The doctors said this might help me with establishing connections. Really they were grasping at straws, but it made them feel like they justified the exorbitant amount of money they were charging my parents for a worthless treatment. 

I sat there watching her cry. I couldn't grasp the concept of pain. I assume that was what she was feeling. She wouldn't explain it to me. 

I was 15 when there was a technical revolution. You could trade in emotions. Trade memories. I wanted it. I wanted something. Thinking back, I don't know what I wanted, but I didn't have it. 

I became the town charity case. Everyone knew me as the emotional mute. The robot. 

The bullies got to  me first. James Anderson was rich. His father owned more than I could comprehend. He and Stuart Broad held me down and with a quick jolt gave me his pain. The loneliness of his growing up. His uncaring father. His wealth loving mother. The abusive uncle. 

I felt. 

I felt..... 

I wept. For hours. It took me days to explain what had happened, for I couldn't understand what it was. My mother took me to the police. She reported what James and Stuart had done. I reported what James' uncle had done. They were charged, but got off. There was no precedent. 

I wept. For years. I went from being the robot to the mess. When all you know is pain, what else is there? 

I was a walking stigma. Why you should avoid playing with emotions. Why you should just be you. 

Then she happened. Sarah had heard of my story. I was a medical marvel, yet a freak. There was textbooks written on me. Whole textbooks on why I was worthy of study. Or at least the concept of me. 3 random people who had met me in the street turned out to be doctors, claiming they met and studied me. 

Sarah was manic. Bipolar type 2. Manic highs without the lows. She came to my house that day. She said she was part of the study group from one of the textbooks. 

I let her in, wary of what stunt she would try. Then I turned and I heard the click and felt the jolt. 

I felt. 

I felt euphoria. I saw her crying. I understood. She gave me a gift I cannot repay. 

She needed the release. Years of uncomprehending happiness in an unhappy life. She wanted more so she came to me to understand. 

We share the experience now. We share a life. Her moods are stable. I have moods. I don't understand them but she is teaching me. I am by definition bipolar now. But I have emotions. But either great happiness or great sadness. 

I hope and pray for a middle ground. One day. 