The men crowded around the screen. They were in a bar, *The Fett*. It was well known as a hang out place for bounty hunters.

Criminal Profiles slowly scrolled across the screen. So far, nobody was interested in any of them.

Another profile appeared, this one caught the attention of a bounty hunter. He was named Jeffery Ayers.

The profile read:
*WANTED
Venjamin Schawlow
Crimes:
Contacting no-contact worlds
Religious Offenses
Evading Justice
Last known location: Terra, Sol System* 

Jeff copied the bounty onto his holo-pad and headed off to the spaceport.

*Terra*, he thought, *why would anyone go there?* The native species, the Terrans, were extremely violent- so much so that it was declared illegal to contact them, for fear that if they gained interstellar travel they would wipe out other empires. Though many times in the past, empires made contact with the Terrans illegally, hoping that they could be trained into fighting empire's wars for them.

As his ship was being prepared for takeoff, Jeff researched Schawlow. According to the database, he was wanted for starting various cults on developing planets. However, this latest cult on Terran was by far the most successful. Known to them as Jesus of Nazareth, he had founded a cult a few thousand years ago, which today had over 2 billion Terrans following it, over a quarter of their population. 

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
He departed from the Centauri system. He was lucky he had found a contract so close to him. Either way, the flight to Terra was dangerous, as the Terrans emitted vast amounts of radio signals that could easily trick an unaware pilot into flying to their death. 

Sol was roughly 4 light years away. While a ship with a wormhole drive could easily make that trip within a few Standard Hours, Jeff's ship didn't have one (only military ships and the Galactic Police did). His ships didn't even have antimatter engines. No, he had old fashioned Ion engines. Even the Terrans had prototypes of those! However, his ship was equipped with suspended animation chambers, so he wouldn't be forced to simply wait for 8 Standard Years.  

He stepped into the Cryostasis chamber, closed his eyes, and slept the next 8 years until he was awoken by his ship's AI

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
(I may write more later. Let me know what you think! I know its not very good though.)