"Hey everyone" said the new voice nervously.

The whole world was shaken up by the recent events. Everyone in the world heard God's voice in their own language, confirming his existence and departure. Quickly all world leaders started picking up their phones, preparing their press conference to calm down their countries.

As human society was deciding their next step , Bob went over the to do list left behind by the previous god:

* Remind Earth that you exist ( Coordinates 11.90.45)

* Destroy Ximena ( Coordinates 4.5.44.33)

* Check on the Berrchans, mainly their use Eranium (Coordinates 3.2.55)

* Oversee the creation of a new star system (Coordinates 4.67.99)

And that was just for today. 

"Um, God, or should I say Bob, are you listening?" Said a UN representative

"Yeah what's up, or should I say yes my son? Sorry not used to this new gig." 

" We as an united planet, have decided to declare war on you, please surrender and meet our demands, we would like to avoid any casualties on both sides"

"Um , excuse me?"

"We have unite-"

" I've heard you,  you do realized I'm your god now right? You know, omnipotent and whatnot? Why would you even go to war against me? What the hell do you guys even want?"

"  Well.... first we would want more habitable planets, in order to ensure our survival as a species, secondly we would like you to confirm which religion was right, thirdly we need you to answer a minimum amount of prayers per day, the amount would be disclosed later, four-

" Oh come fucking on, and you guys wonder why the old man has been quiet for so long? All you guys do is declare war for the sake of your little religions, conquer land and ask for handouts!" 

The UN was silent, all the representatives looked at each other, maybe with shame and reflection of what their society has become. Suddenly they started to talk again. Bob, seeing this decided to not dig into their minds, tune out to what they were saying. Hoping to, maybe be positively surprised by them. God told him before how humans were, told them how he saw light in them and was fond of their civilizations for millenniums. Then, as UN representative stood up again, preparing himself to talk with the new creator once more

" Bob?"

"Yes?" said Bob, with a slight smile on his face, knowing that his words have reached the hearts of the Milky Way's darlings

" We would like to add more demands, if you do not submit to these we will prepare our selves for a full out war"

"Fuck"