This isn't finished, but here:

Death... Weird isn't it? The stigma around the word. Death is part of life, and life is part of death. If that's hard to understand then see it like this. Death is parting from life and life is parting from death. Death is something that happens to us all, but; but not for me on that fateful day.

Silence... My wife, my children, my friend; all stood slightly awoe from the edge of the hospital bed glaring across with a keen eye at me. Not the kind of keen eye you would see in children lost in their own playful adventure, but of someone waiting patiently to hear those final words. Sorrowful tears rolled down rouge cheeks, gleeming at me as a drew one last breath. Before speaking I thought to myself; 'it's been a good life, I've seen, heard and done many of things. The expression 'a sight for sore eyes' could express my life as a whole, and damn are my eyes sore'. Over and over did I think back to my past before releasing the words my family had been oh so patiently waiting to grasp. "i love you all", I quietly whispered... "More than you could ever imagine. Each and every one of you are special to me. Please don't forget me, or forget the times we've shared". And with that being said, I had passed, watching the stream of delicate glistening tears roll down them as my vision faded.

A piercing wail, reminiscent of that of an electronic alarm clock. In absolute shock I woke, panicking all over. A long, drawn out shiver down my spine caused my entire body's hairs to stand on end. Frantically looking up, down, left to right; examining my body as if I'd just seen the unfathomable. "What the Christ was happening?" I thought as I touched my soft, unwrinkled hands. Was it all a dream? Is this real at all? After a short while of beckoning these thoughts, still confused I had realised what I'd just experienced. But whether it was real or a crazy dream was unbeknownst to me. Every single memory, every single face, job, car, house I'd ever had in that... God knows what, I could remember. All of it, not a detail missed and usually a few minutes after a dream the details start to fade but not this time. Not only that but from where I was then, what ever life I was in at this point, I also remembered.

Now anyone else in this situation would likely go straight and tell someone. Their mother, their friend. But not me. Something told me it was pointless, though before that... Dream, I would have done the same as anyone. Anxiously I stepped out of bed and walked to the bathroom. Turning the squeeking nob of the tap, slapping the cold, gushing water onto my face before taking a deep breath and releasing it with a sigh. A sudden rush of emotion as I thought back to my apparent death and contrasting to the cold water now on my face, small streams of warmth shed down my cheeks, nose and finally my lips. The salty taste of the tears snapping me out of my emotional state in an instant, as if grounding me in this reality.