There are just certain nights where thoughts speed across my mind like racecars on an asphalt oval. The oscillating fan in the corner is supposed to help me sleep, it has always been a consistent and dependable hum that helps drown out the little noises from the outside world that would otherwise keep me awake. But tonight was a real doozy, a foundry of imagination in full effect that has me restless with ideas that always begin with a massive spark that burn out all too quickly. This has always been the birthplace of all my brilliant, short live ideas. Laying on my back staring into the popcorn ceiling above like some kind of wise stargazer linking the constellations together in some wild paranormal fashion. All the “if I only…” thoughts that could change my life forever if I would actually commit myself for once, instead of spending the rest of the night trying to talk myself out of these insane ideas and endeavors. I have lost a lot of sleep to nights like this, they always win, and if I were to roll over and check the time it would be conceding defeat….


Holy hell. 2 a.m. Why did I bother looking?


If I were to shut my eyes and go to sleep I can get at least a few hours of rest before work, but my mind won’t settle and I am stuck unblinking as I stare into the cleverly made up constellations across my ceiling.


“Bearistotle” I smirked as I recited my favorite creation. He was the philosopher bear of third quadrant of the popcorn ceiling galaxy. A loose connection of 7 large bumps of spray on ceiling finish that didn’t resemble a bear whatsoever. But then again, I never thought the alignment of the stars never look representative of their corresponding constellations anyway.


“Bearistotle?” I repeated, as fragments of dust and old plaster were drifting down from above.
I instantly shot up, sitting, with my heart pounding as I could feel the sudden violent rumble that was shaking the entirety of the room. A bright glow had appeared from the foot of my bed, lighting the walls and everything within them in a spectrum of shimmering colors. The shaking stopped as fast as it began and all that remained was the unseen source of the light just down and out of vision. All I could hear at this point was the hum of the fan, the inner pounding of my heart, and the struggling attempt to control my shallow frightened breathing.


I was frozen, trying to make sense of my surroundings when two slender hands with long bony fingers grasped the footpost of my bedframe. You can see grip of the hands turn its knuckles white as the grasp intensified and a creature pulled itself up to its feet. 


I couldn’t breathe, locking in on its yellow, predatory eyes set widely apart on its human resembling face on its compressed head resting on a thin, bony body. It released its hands and you could see what little color there was return to its knuckles, matching the grayish dead complexion of the rest of its body. It turned squarely toward me and quickly threw its hands on its hips and leaned backwards intensely, letting off a series of cracks followed by a large snap that sounded like a tree branch slowly flexing before finally giving into its breaking point.


“Desmond,” It straightened out, announcing my name in a voice that was indescribably rough. You could sense the air coming from its lungs scratch its way through a dry, sandpaper textured windpipe as it spoke my name.


“Me.” I declared as a single syllable, the word was barely able to escape my mouth.


“Yes, you.” It said assuredly.


“Me.” What the hell was wrong with me, I was just bragging to myself about how fast my mind was working moments earlier and I can’t seem to move my thoughts forward.


“I understand this is a lot for you, but I am really pressed for time here.” It reached down and grabbed my ankle with its cold hand. “There is a lot riding on this, you must come with me.” It started to pull me closer to it.


“Me!” I shouted as reassumed control of my rigid muscles, twisting in my bed to my stomach grasping at my sheets and anything I can possibly claw at within reach. I was being dragged little by little. I felt my heart red lining, overwhelmed with adrenaline as I was being pulled hand over hand by the creature, my headboard inching away each passing second. 


“Yes I know this must be a lot for you, but I need you to collect yourself” It said unencumbered as I struggled and wriggled within its grasp. Its hands finally made it to the back collar of my shirt and pulled me up to my knees and wrapped its arms around me tightly.

“Me?” I said as bravely as I could, the words coming out soft as I quit my resistance, succumbing to whatever fate had in store for me.


“There is a bet that you must help me settle.”


The tight hug it had around me did not relent as he leaned us backward into a surreal dive. I could see my room disappear through a hole that quickly vanished into the distance of a sea of stars being washed over by waves of surreal colors. We were moving but the feeling wasn’t that of falling. There wasn’t any air or resistance or sense of imbalance that comes from being ungrounded. It wasn’t a weightlessness but rather a comforting weight that surrounded you from all directions. 

There was only calm.

I was released from the embrace and immediately noticed the gap of missing worldly inputs that I was so accustomed to. There was no atmosphere to labor my breathing. There was no smell to take in. There was no taste to behold. There was no sound to decipher. Just a beautiful spectacle of moving through starlight.

“You wouldn’t be able to pronounce my name” It said.

I was startled, caught in all the spectacle and sudden being of at peace I had nearly forgot how I got here. I felt a hand on my shoulder spin me around to be face to face.

It proceeded to speak in a beautifully entrancing otherworldly voice. 

“But you can call me Hank” the words came out like nails on a chalkboard again.

“Hank.” I said.

“Very good. Progress. Listen, Desmond, I have a bet with a friend that you must settle,” Hank insisted.

TO BE CONTINUED
