"Hey, remember me? Britain, 1800's?" 

The question was pointed. Sharp enough to pierce the fog I had been slowly forming between my ears over the past few hours. I could hardly recall what time of night it was at that very moment, let alone process the severity of the question. Hell, I couldn't even determine what direction the question was coming from. Unable to grasp any clarity of thought, I resigned to the easiest answer to form. 

"I-I d'know, maybe"

I pivoted myself, turning to face whoever it was that had interrupted my drunken stupor. I saw a tall, broad silhouette of a man. I squinted my eyes; a moderately successful attempt to gain some sense of focus. 

What met my straining eyes was a bearded man who seemed severely happy to be looking at me. 

Just then, I felt a glint flickering between my eyes and mind. After a brief moment of mental translation, a rush of horribly vivid memories flooded my mind. In that strange flurry of sobering milliseconds, I vaguely recalled the halls of the E Ward of Coldbath Fields. The smell of cigarette smoke in my nostrils began to malform into the decay of unattended corpses. I remembered the grueling hours of meaningless labour that seemed to coalesce into the longest stretches of time I had ever experienced in my ageless life. 

Strangely enough, along the few inmate faces I could recall, his was not one of them. I had become sober enough to play coy. I cordially presented a pseudo-smile as though I recognized him, not knowing how to address the situation.

He seemed perturbed by my silence, but persisted.

"Well, I see you haven't changed much. S'pose the methods of those days weren't effective for much in the way of rehabilitation, but boy did I get a kick out of it."

My mouth was moving faster than my brain

"What Ward were you in?" 

He chortled in amusement at the question. His expression quickly shifted into a warm display of delight.  

"I wasn't IN a ward, I was the Ward-EN."

He bellowed with laughter.

For a moment, my entire body seized up. My fists instinctively clinched, driving my finger nails deep into my palms. I reached for my pocket knife. 

Wait. . . I don't own a pocket knife.

I was in no condition to be any kind of physical threat. I inhaled sharply, looking back upon his face to see him still appearing genuinely happy to see me. He took advantage of the temporary dissonance that had superceded my rage.

"Yup. Best job I ever had, and having lived a few millennia, I've been in a lot of lines of work. Of course, you probably know all about that. Look at me, over here preaching to the choir!"

My anger turned to confusion. I guess he must have noticed. He nudged my shoulder with his elbow as he continued.

"Come on, there's no way you're still mad about that. I figured surely by now you'd realize why I so fervently sought out that position." 

I wish I could convince myself that I just wanted him to say what he felt he needed to say so he could then walk away and I could salvage the rest of my evening. Admittedly though, some wicked part of me had become curious.

"Arrright, fine. Enlighten me."

My eyes widened at the question he posed

"How badly do you want to die right this instant?" 

The deepest, purest part of me answered him. 

"I'm a regular here." 

He burst into raucous laughter before becoming painfully serious. 

"This is why I took the job. I've dedicated entire centuries to surrounding myself with the thing that alludes me."  

I almost reflexively retort. 

"That's dizz-gusting. What kinda life ev'n is that even?"

"That's a good question, isn't it? What kind of life CAN exist without the encroaching certainty of death? What kind of urgency can we place on any decision when we we're just watching history simply go through the motions? Have you really never considered the thought of NOT being? Did you not envy them? Did you not seethe with longing when seeing the peace that radiated from those bloated bodies?" 

I had had enough of this misanthropic bullshit. And I had certainly had enough of the joy with which he regurgitated it. I attempted to stand, but it appeared a had simply replaced my shackles with a barstool. Despite this, I was defiant in my expression.

"FUCK YOU!" I managed to shout

He was entertained. He patted my shoulder before becoming lost in a crowd of patrons.

"I'll check back again next century, ok?" 

'sure, BUDDY' I thought to myself. I turned back to the bar. This was not how I pictured my night going. Determined to salvage this night, I signaled the bartender. 

"Whisky sour" 

I checked the television set above the bar. Some news channel. "5 Dead in Bus Crash." Something welled up in me when I read the headline. I signaled the barkeep again. 

"Will you turn the volume up, please?"











