The phone rang around 4 am, my work cell. I don't even know why I still kept it charged. I tried to answer it quickly, but my numb sleep fingers fumbled it all up and I only knocked it off the nightstand. I retrieved it, and as I swiped to answer glanced over to the other side of the bed to give an apologetic nod to my wife. It took me a second of staring blankly at the empty sheets to remember.

"This is Dermott," I finally growled into receiver.

"We need you to come in Frank." Hayes. Of course.

I vainly tried to rub the sleep out of my eyes and the hangover out of my skull. It was getting harder and harder to do these sorts of calls. Even harder in winter, or maybe I was just getting old. In any case, I shouldn't have had to. I was… off duty. "Hayes, I'm not… I still have another month of leave. Captain ordered it. Can't help you."

"No, Frank. We need you now. This is coming *from* the captain. It has to be *you,* he said. It's him, he said."

"Him who?" I said absently, wondering if I had any painkillers left. My head felt like a kick drum. It wasn't my job right now to deal with this sort of shit. "Look, call me back in a few-"

*"No,* Frank. It's *Him.* Capital 'H.' He's back."

My heart felt like it was plunged in a bucket of icewater. My mouth suddenly tasted sour, memories of stale vomit bubbling up from my throat.

"Jesus Christ," I whispered.

"No shit," Hayes said. "No shit."

- - -

I arrived at the scene around 5:30. It was raining lightly out, the droplets lit by the lights of the black and whites parked outside. Raining on Christmas. I shook my head. Never felt right, that.

Hayes met me there, and handed me a large styrofoam cup of coffee. Maybe the little shit wasn't so bad.

"Merry Christmas, Frank," Hayes said. "Thanks for coming out."

"Yeah yeah," I said, placing the coffee on the hood of a squad car so I could light a cigarette. "You too."

"Thought you quit," Hayes said, nodding to my cigarette.

I snapped the lighter, and took a long drag. "Sure. Quit drinking, too, but can't figure much of a reason to stick with either."

A pained look crossed his face, full of sympathy or some shit. "How are you holding up?"

I just grunted, because I didn't want to do this. Not yet. I knew I would have to, with most everyone I saw at some point, but not yet. "Tell me what we've got."

"Boy came downstairs early," Hayes said. "Excited for Christmas presents. Said a man was in the living room, snatching gifts from under the tree."

"Maybe it was just a burglar," I said. "Wouldn't be the first time, in this neighborhood." I looked into a window of the house, saw a couple of uniforms talking to the boy and his parents. The kid had a blanket around his shoulders. He'd been crying, I thought. *Terrible thing, a Christmas like this.*

"Yeah, that's what we thought at first. But the kid, he said the man yelled that it was *his* birthday, that they were *his* gifts. And the description… flowing white robes, sandals, long hair and beard, golden halo radiating light. And…"

"And he wasn't just taking the gifts," I finished for him. "He was eating them."

Hayes nodded grimly. "It's why we called you in. You were the last one to confront… Him."

"Fuck me," I muttered. "Thought I'd retire before He came back. 

"What do we do?" Hayes asked.

"We find Him," I said, "and stop Him. Before... We have to stop Him."

Hayes sucked in a shuddering breath, and nodded.

*Good kid, really,* I thought. *Though he doesn't really know. Merry fucking Christmas to us all.*


- - -

"We have to do it now," I shouted to Hayes over the fury of the storm. I could barely hold myself steady. I'd lost too much blood. "We're out of goddamn time!"

Black lightning spidered across the skies in an unrelieved, seething lattice. The rain was coming down as a torrent now, and every drop that hit Him hissed for a moment and flashed into a deep burgundy before running down His body. A river of transmogrified wine flowed from Him, mingling with the inch-deep rainwater before draining into the sewer. His body was swollen and distended from all the gifts he had consumed, and they writhed beneath His flesh as though alive. His halo was almost incandescent now, radiating skeins of light and fire from his skull. His words were no longer intelligible, but left his mouth as single, wailing howl.

Around Him, the shattered corpses of the Star of Deathlehem Cultists continued to twist and contort in their reanimated worship dance. I could hear bones cracking and tendons snapping as the bodies were crumpled up and flattened out again like tinfoil. The Three New Magi were still alive, but their unseeing eyes were locked forever on horrors far outside of this world.

"He's transubstantiating the gifts into flesh," I shouted, struggling to make my voice heard over the winds and the howl. Hayes had managed to tourniquet his arm above where his hand had been torn off, but I knew he wasn't going to last much longer either. "We have to stop him before it's complete, or He'll become self-stustaining!"

"I… I don't know if I can," Hayes choked, his voice hollow and scared. "Without my hand…"

"You can," I said, clasping his arm. *"We* can. No one said the Last Centurion couldn't have help." I reached into the duffel bag and pulled out the rusted spearhead. I twisted it onto the broom handle we had found in the gas station's bathroom. *Your death won't have been in vain, Liliana Longinus,* I swore to myself. 

In the center of the storm, His howl increased in fervor.

Hayes looked at me, his face a mixture of hope and desperate fear.

"Let's go, *partner,"* I said to him, smiling.

- - -

"Happy new year, Frank," Hayes said. He had joined me on the hospital roof for a cigarette. The rain had finally let up, and the sun was coming up, bright and orange and beautiful.

"Happy new year," I said. "Glad to see you're doing better."

"Still tough adjusting to not having the hand," he said. "I can still feel it. It's weird."

"Yeah," I said, not knowing what sort of comforting words would be appropriate. "You'll get there."

We stood for a few moments in silence.

"Say," Hayes said. "So is He dead, or what?"

"No," I said. "At least, He doesn't stay dead. That's not His, you know. His thing."

"So He'll come back?" Hayes said. There was a bit of fear in his voice, but not as much as I might have expected. It was merely a professional question. 

"He'll come back," I confirmed. "I don't know when. Maybe He's better now that the cult is destroyed, but I don't know. I might not be around any longer. Even if I am, you better believe that *you're* going to be the one getting a fucking call at 4 am on Christmas.

He smiled. "Thanks, Frank."

"No problem, kid."

He shivered, and I told him to go back in, that he needed to watch his health more than I did right now. I lit another cigarette after he had gone.

The sun was fully above the mountain tops, and was hard to look at.

I smiled, thinking of my wife, how she would have loved a sunrise like this.

"Hallelujah," I whispered. 