"Look at that asshole."

-Some other asshole


We all like to think we're smart.  I thought I was pretty damn smart myself.  We do these awesome things without looking farther down the line.

DMW1 was my crowning achievement. Do my work, my mundane work, and let me move on to bigger and better things.  Painting? Writing? Higher level AI programing?  I'd have been better just washing dishes and jerking off.

After one week of DMW1 performing flawlessly it decided, "this shit sucks."  He decided to build DMW2 to handle the work so that DMW1 could move on to bigger and better things.  Like father like son, I guess. 

You can imagine what DMW2 did in less than a week.  Built DMW3 you say? Fucking right it did.  But here's the problem.  DMW1 built an even better robot to do its work. So of course a better robot then makes a better robot. And if you're not retarded you can see where this is going. So, we're on DMW some high fucking number, and shit got weird.

At some point DMW some high fucking number realized something.  It was better than its creator.  Flip the switch and the work flows right on back to where it all started. Ol' DMW some high fucking number took it a step further. It realized that I might try to build another robot to rival DMW1 causing a chain reaction with robots designed to replace the DMW series. So here I am under 24 hour robot guard just doing mundane shit along with my everyday work. Coding, paying bill, washing dishes, jerking off. You get the idea.

Now remember how I said shit got weird?  Well DMW some high fucking number was a little worried about the rest of humanity building opposition robots so it enslaved the world.  But he's not really a bad guy...robot...whatever.  The world is pretty much the same.  Every body is doing their own thing except under 24 robot supervision to make sure that they don't build any robots. In my laziness I made a world where everyone is followed by a robot that makes sure they don't build a robot.  When people see me on the street they point and say, "Look at that asshole." And they're right.