"No, Adolf. Your perspective is all wonky. Come, report to me after class and we'll go over this together. But I see you're improving with colors. That contrast here, that's something pretty good."

"Yes, miss Radina. Thank you."

I masked my smirk with what looked like a kind smile. Having 500 years of a head start in art, and having mastered domains not even known to the people of 1900's was an advantage that gave me an edge over all artists of that time, and made all my students appear as geniuses to the art world of their contemporaries, and while this one was far from brilliant, I'd be damned if I didn't make him one fine painter.

---

A trowel in one hand, a small bucket of fresh concrete in the other, I climbed the planks and makeshift stairs of the new construction site. I found the wall the workers had just finished making the day before. Nobody would notice the segment of the wall that grew by another two layers of bricks by morning. And nobody would discover the small package in a hollowed out brick I placed on the edge of a ventilation duct, its side easy to slide out as a drawer.

That was to be the flat my dear Adolf will buy in five years, once he makes a name for himself.

---

"Comrade Hitler! It's been an honor. Comrade Stalin has one of your paintings in his own office. Please, don't be bothered by what's going on in the streets. You and your family are under my protection. The war affects us all, and I apologize if my soldiers appear to be... uncouth. Simple Saldats, they are hungry and tired after the march on Berlin and the fights have been quite violent. Anyway, we've heard of your concepts of "natonal socialism", and they aren't really incompatible with the ideology of the Union of the Soviet Socialist Republics, so I believe you will find yourself in the new reality quite at home."

----

"KGB, who's talking?"

"This is Joseph Schmidt, and I have to report a citizen storing illegal assets."

"Is that so? Please, report."

"Comrade Adolf Hitler, LeninStrasse 15, third floor, has undeclared dollars and gold hidden in a hollowed out brick, inside the ventilation duct in the bathroom."

"THAT Adolf Hitler?"

"Yes, the very same. I'm a chimney sweeper, and I was inspecting the ducts. The brick was slightly loose, so I had to check if there's no risk of leak of smoke, and it appeared to be a hidden drawer. I just peered in and saw the dollars, but I didn't touch anything."

"If this is true, comrade Schmidt, then you can surely expect gratitude of the state."

---

> Today, Adolf Hitler, touted by many the greatest painter of 20th Century, but revealed to be an imperialist spy and traitor of the Soviet Union, died from pneumonia in a gulag in northern Siberia.