"Squads 2 and 3, post at the North and West exits respectively."  Commander Henry Rogers' voice crackled through their biosuit comms, devoid of all the emotion he had undoubtedly stored up.  "Squad 1, you're on point with me.  Squad 4, form a loose perimeter, we don't want to lose the target.  Observe and report if he escapes, do not engage.  I repeat.  Do not engage."

Devon Smith, captain of squad 1, opened the channel through his suit.  "Roger, Rogers."  Then he heard the chorus of voices behind his.

"Roger, Rogers."

"Roger, Rogers."

"Roger, Rogers."

The joke stopped being funny years ago, but his squads held the tradition regardless.  More to test their, and their commander's, resolve than anything.  Each squad captain's voice betrayed their inexperience, ranging from excited to angry.  Their regulators kept them at a constant level of joy, though.  It was the only reason the floorboards weren't creaking below their magically-reduced weight.

Rumors still circulated that the Commander never used regulators.  Regardless of the truth, the man was a stoic monster.  The power behind his magic was insane.  Devon had seen him level an entire city block using *despair* alone.  And despair's destructive power paled in comparison to hybrid anger-excitement magic.  Storing that much despair - particularly when the commander had a relatively normal, drama-free life outside of his responsibilities, as far as Devon knew - in that short of a time showed pure martial control over his own emotions that Devon couldn't even fathom.

Devon followed behind the commander, shaking himself from his musings as they rounded the corner of the ramshackle building, their silent footsteps likely already betraying their presence to the powerful foe just behind the walls to their left.  No one knew his name, he was simply "the Liberator."  About as cliche a name as there is.  But he was gaining influence, and needed to be put down.

"Come in, Commander." The man's voice trailed through the door.  "A full squad just for me?  No, three squads?  Hmmm.  Perhaps four?  It's hard to tell, you've done your homework Commander, I'm impressed.  The door's open."

Devon waited for the Commander to open the door.  It didn't take long.

The sight that greeted them was...less than Devon expected.  The apartment was kept mostly clean, but definitely lived-in.  A few bowls and silverware littered the sink, and in a worn leather chair sat the Liberator.  A bean pole of a man, but otherwise appeared healthy.  Devon wouldn't have been surprised if he had passed him on the street without knowing at some point.  Nothing pointed to him being the leader to a rising revolutionary army.  Well, except the atmosphere.

Devon could actually *feel* the emotion draining from him, he should have noticed it outside the door.  How he casually just expected the Commander to listen to this man was troubling.  He was finding it harder to care about it, too.  That set off red flags in the logical center of his brain, and he quickly pressed the emergency regulator button in his glove, which shoved an excess of hormones to balance out his system.  He reached *within* to slowly start leaking his reserves, rather than allowing his surface emotions to be targeted.

Then, he realized, what was more troubling than all of this was that the Commander had complied.  This man was far more dangerous than they had realized.

"Sit."  He said simply.

His entire squad immediately sat on the ground.  The Commander and Devon alone stayed standing.  Devon didn't dare move an inch, or he knew he would break.  The air was sick with this vacuous feeling, and he continued leaking his emotions to regulate whatever this man was doing.  Equal parts anger, surprise, joy, and fear.  Fear had become far more useful once emotion magic was discovered.

The Liberator raised an eyebrow.  Briefly, before bringing it back in check.  Surprise.  He wasn't infallible.  Devon struggled to maintain his own surprise at the revelation.  "Seems you've chosen your captains well, Commander.  I'm impressed."  He scanned the room. "Well, men, don't just sit there.  Restrain these two."

His squadmates, whom he had shared countless experiences with, been through hell and back, and knew would always have his back immediately sprung up.  Their faces devoid of emotion.  Devon realized they didn't care.  They couldn't feel.  They were tied to this man and whatever he was doing.  They followed without question, grabbing Devon and Commander Rogers by the limbs and holding them in place.

"It becomes permanent, you know."  He said, briefly waving at his squad mates.  Former squad mates, what they were now he wasn't sure.  Brandon's normally friendly face showed nothing of the sort.  No anger.  No joy.  No pain.  Not inhuman, just empty.  Lacking empathy.  "I thank you for delivering my newest zealots, Commander."

Devon only saw it for a split second.  It would be the only time he would see Commander Rogers express that particular magic.  Rage.  Blind fury.  All-encompassing, murderous anger.  Quickly tempered with a deep sadness.  All of these expressions passed through the atmosphere in the faintest of seconds, culminating in what Devon could only describe as the tiniest, most powerfully precise pinprick he had ever witnessed.

The Liberator fell instantly to the ground, blood pooling from his nose as his severed brain stem bled out through his orifices.

&nbsp;

________

________

&nbsp;

"Hey Devon!  Come join us, ya damn hero!"  Brandon and his other mates were drowning themselves in booze at the local pub, celebrating their victory.  Devon didn't have the stomach to celebrate.  His mates barely had any recollection of the event, Devon remembered it in stark, vivid detail.  He joined the commander at the bar.  "Suit yourself, then, mate! ANOTHER!!"  This was followed by jubilant cheers from the table as the waitress went to retrieve another pitcher of whatever piss they were drinking.

"Commander?"

"Hmm."

Devon searched for the right words to say.  "What, uh, what was that?"

The commander took a swig of his glass, Devon had no idea what was in it, but it looked hard.  "I would have thought you'd seen it.  Rage and true sadness.  Precise and lethal, like a knife's edge."  True to his nature, Rogers had begun storing his emotions again.  His voice betrayed nothing, but the drink in his hand betrayed everything.

Devon shook his head.  "Not that."  He paused, unable to express what he meant.  "*Him*."

Devon could tell the commander was collecting his thoughts, carefully choosing his words.  "There exists emotions in this world that should never be felt, Captain. This 'Liberator' created a cocktail of magic that I don't even think *he* knew how to control, using emotions you and I cannot fathom.  How do you empathize with the serial killer, the mother who drowns her children, or the politician who buries his skeletons with more skeletons - both figurative and literal?"  He took another sip.  "The cold, hard truth is we can't.  Toxic relationships can run us dry and unfeeling as well, I believe this man tapped into something...of that nature."

"Have you seen it before?"

"Yes."  He didn't expound.

Devon stood and turned to leave, but before he could take a step the commander called to him.  "Captain."  He turned back to the commander, and could swear he saw a tear struggling to escape, he drained the contents of his glass, staring straight ahead.  "We almost didn't make it today."  Devon felt the implied meaning behind his words, and clearly saw the trail down the commander's cheek, then.  "I'm proud of you."

Devon nodded to him. "Roger, Rogers." He responded solemnly, the phrase taking on a whole new meaning.

&nbsp;

______

^(This one was a struggle to get right, and I still don't think it's there, but overall I hope you at least had a modicum of enjoyment while reading it!  Critique welcome.)

^(Made a ninja edit for clarity in the second-to-last paragraph.  "Captain" and "Commander" could be easily confused, and its likely the reader could initially think Devon was speaking to Rogers and not the other way around.)

^(Thanks for the gold, stranger!)