
The stairs seemed to have multiplied over night, I could feel the shirt on my back dampening, 134, 135, 136....137, finally. I reach into my pocket for the key ring, I really have to do something about this, I mean just cause I have to hide this place doesn't mean it has to be stuck in 1823. 

The keys all look the same but the one I'm looking for has that ugly crow engraved on it. I find it and stare at it for a second, it really is one ugly ass crow. 

They were doing that remake of "The Crow" at relativity, I always liked that movie, I wonder if appian could pick it up now that they've gone under hmmm...I open the door, my mind occupied with casting this imaginary movie. 

The scream was so loud I nearly fell down the stairs, She's been testy lately but this was ridiculous. I gathered my self and walked in the room and looked at the giant venus fly trap snapping repeatedly.

"It's ok my sweet, don't worry, it will happen, I promise" 

The intimidating plant turned its head, it has no eyes but sometimes it feels like it's staring right at me. 

"TA...WEN..TEE YAARS" it roared..

"I know my sweet but this is it, this is my year, I mean there really isn't any competition, Fassbender has that 3 act experiment that maybe 3 people actually paid attention to, Redmaynes picture was mediocre and they'll never give it to him 2 years in a row and Cranston was basically a pity nod, there is no way I lose it this year."

"DA..A..MON" It said while wheezing. 

"Are you kidding me? God, don't insult me , the guy delivered nerdy jokes for 90 minutes and grew some potatoes, I slept in a fucking horse."

I walk over to my work station and sit down, I've made her wait too long, it's time the world learns its purpose, the purpose it has forgotten. I look at the manuscript in front of me, the pages are so delicate and the writing in them has started to fade, I carefully flip to page 341, like I do every day and stare at it. 

I mouth the heading to my self.

"End of darkness, trapped in gold"

underneath it a detailed diagram, with vivid explanations of how that worm, that underling, that piece of filth, Mel Gibson, trapped her. She was in her prime, she had just begun to form, just begun to realize her power. Thinking about it makes me uncontrollable, I must focus. 

I will make it right, I have reduced that insufferable piss ant to the scum he really is and now no one can stop me. 

Andora will rule again.

