"Hauhugublidooo." I stared at the thing and tried to force the things on my thing to do that thing. "Gunkickly hawquince." My fleshy side-sticks flailing like something that reminded me of that thing. All I could really do was keep gawking at the thing that kind of looked like me but wasn't me exactly. I continued to babble. 

"EEEEEEYOKITAN!" It shrieked, "GUSTONTIJ-J-JANGLE!" It was now aiming its fleshy side-sticks at another thing that looked like me but wasn't me exactly, and probably was something like this other thing that was currently screaming at me. But not exactly either as this one was doing something on the great big flat thing at the end of our pointy things. The great bit flat that thing made the SLAP SLAP sounds when we bounced the ends of our pointy things or smacked the end of our side-sticks on it. Unfortunately, It wasn't quite on our level and it was hard to tell whether it was more like us or less like us. I felt useless, I couldn't do anything and worst of all I didn't know how. 

I looked over at this other thing and there was something definitely not like us sliding out of the middle of the thing that wasn't quite like us's sound maker. "Glurrrgllle," was all it was capable of saying and I had the feeling we'd discover nothing from this new thing. This was all too much for me to bear and I could feel the thing in my middle thing tightening. I felt like I was going to burst. I clenched my things and wailed, "UHHHHHHHHHHHHH." It was all I could do keep myself from falling apart. 

We were all screaming now and the big flat thing started CLOMP CLOMP CLOMP CLOMPING. It was getting louder and bigger and we were all bouncing up and down like things that bounce up and down. Then I looked up and saw the biggest thing I'd ever seen. I had a feeling this thing was also like me but not exactly, it had big fleshy side-sticks, big pointy long bottom sticks and a big thing that held the sticks together. There was a thousand things sliding out of the top of this big thing that was like me but not quite, but they stopped before they fell. Then below the big flowing things something beautiful appeared. And in the middle of the bit that held my flesh sticks together I felt something explode with the joy of a thousand things and I yelled, "Mama!"