I don't know what possessed me to go on the show in the first place.  No, seriously, it wasn't my idea.  One of the great disabilities of being open to the astral plane is that if you let your mind wander off for a second, something can jump in and take the wheel.

So there I was, surrounded by hot lights, cameras, a whole crew trying to create the illusion they weren't there and a couple of complete frauds doing their shtick.  I was just playing along, striking a pensive pose now and then or giving a respectful silent clap to my "competitors" when they made a pronouncement.  I meant to shake my head in disbelief now and then but was scared that my real disdain for them would slip out.

When we passed by the young woman's studio, I instantly knew this crime scene was the real deal.  The world is awash with tiny echoes, like footsteps of everyone's emotions.  I'm not an empath, so I can't make sense of the noise of living people except that one time my roommate lost his virginity and I could hear it for a week.  But when people die there's a deeper, louder echo of their final thoughts.  True ghosts in limbo are exceedingly rare, but everyone leaves a parting poltergeist or two.

"That's him, that's the one who killed me", stated a woman so clearly and emotionlessly that at first I didn't register she wasn't phsyically there.  She was dressed in casual slacks and a t-shirt, her hair tied back in a sloppy pony tail, and had olive-greeen paint stains on her hands.  It was only after I caught a glipmse of the woodgrain of the door behind her showing through her face that I realized she was a ghost.

Even then I didn't actually think anything of her accuasation or her finger pointing at our smiling host and tour-guide.  Poltergeists aren't sentient, they don't actually recognize people, their actions are more of an emotional reflex triggering on any nearby presence.  They're great for creating jump scares but not for getting information.  So of course, my first thought after the initial shock was that this apparition was just fixated on a memory and pointing randomly at the first living persn to walk past.  

It wasn't until she grabbed my arm with a cold spectral hand and mirrored the expression on my face that I realized this was the real deal, a full fledged ghost adrift in the limbo between lives.  The show got some great reaction video off of me running this whole gambit of thoughts.  And I quickly realized that the show's host was having no trouble reading my face and glances.  He knew I knew before even I knew ... If you know what I mean,

"Cut!  That's enough for today", the director stated suddenly, "we'll pick up again tommorrow at 8am for the kitchen scenes."

"I'm looking forward to that one", stated the host in my direction and he packed up his small briefcase.  "That's where the kids were playing."