Dr. Rovella leaned in cuffing her ear towards the patient who whispered,

“The ducks are coming.”

Dr. Rovella strained trying to understand the patient’s last words. She focused her eyes before being called into the room across the hall. Another patient’s vitals were dancing all over the monitor. The patient sat up trying to speak. Dr. Rovella’s eyes widened when she heard it again. 

“The ducks are coming.”

The patient fell back over the pillow while the monitor displayed a flat line in alarm. Dr. Rovella stepped from the room trying not to hyperventilate. She placed her hand on the wall while closing her eyes to focus.

*All day,* she thought to herself. *All day, people have been saying the same exact phrase.* 

A commotion started in the room down the hall. Dr. Rovella became confused, the commotion sounded as if it were someone being excited or celebrating. She quickly moved towards the room only to find a man sitting up in his bed cheering at the television.

“Look!” He pointed. “I can’t believe it!” 

Dr. Rovella glanced over towards the television and noticed a hockey team celebrating on the rink.

“Look out! That Stanley Cup will be ours!” The patient threw his hands in the air smiling. “The ducks are coming!”

In that very moment when the last word excited the patient’s mouth, he fell over unconscious. Dr. Rovella instantly lifted his head back onto the pillow while trying to watch the monitor. The monitor began alarming his vitals while nurses began to flood the room. Dr. Rovella’s stomach twisted in a knot forcing her from the room and into the break room next door.

“What is happening?!” Dr. Rovella shouted towards an empty wall.

A contractor painting the back end of the room removed his hat with a smile. “Apparently, the ducks are coming” he laughed. The ladder shifted its weight before finally tipping over knocking the contractor onto his back. It had somehow pulled a wire from the ceiling above while the entire portion of the room came down onto him in force.

“Oh my god!” Dr. Rovella covered her mouth; her eyes wet with tears. She paused for a moment before scanning her eyes to find the contactor smashed beneath all the debris. 

“Dr. Rovella, we need you!” A nurse called from the hallway. “Dr. Rovella!”

Dr. Rovella heard the request but every muscle had frozen in place. She tilted her head while trying to comprehend what was happening. Sadly, her science could only take her so far. She was unable to come up with an explanation for it all.  

“Dr. Rovella!” 

Dr. Rovella whipped away the tears from her cheek when she finally turned around to exit the break room. A few nurses pushed past her in order to respond to the contractor under the debris while nurses signaled for Dr. Rovella’s assistance. 

A nurse grabbed hold of a patient while another stood over them. Dr. Rovella walked in to notice that the patient was trying to say something.

“What?” the nurse holding him replied. “The ‘fucks’ are coming? What does that mean?”

The other nurse laughed. “No, I think he meant to say –”

“No!” Dr. Rovella shouted while raising her left hand. “Don’t repeat it!”

“The ducks are coming.”

Dr. Rovella bit her lip while closing her eyes. Her spine tensed up ready to watch another horrifying accident occur. After a few moments, nothing happened. The nurses in the room scrunched their brow in confusion before the one holding the patient asked, “are you okay, Dr. Rovella?”

A nurse walked into the room slipping on a fluid that dripped from the IV bag she was holding. Trying to recover, she flailed her hand trying to grab onto the counter but instead flipped a pan of sharp instruments into the nurse who uttered the phrase ‘The ducks are coming.’

Blood fell onto the tile while the nurse’s body became pale. “Oh my god!” The nurse holding the patient let go in order to help. The other nurse picked herself off from the floor only to assist with the accident that just occurred. Dr. Rovella couldn’t handle it anymore. She fled the room down into the stairwell. Her breathing was heavy as she ignored the madness of everyone and everything around her. She took refuge in her office, slamming the door shut behind her. When she finally locked the door, she fell onto her knees to weep alone. 

It was a few minutes of silence before the phone on Dr. Rovella’s desk rang. Her bright red face was soaking wet from the tears. She was shaking before picking up the slick black office phone.

“Doctor?” She recognized the voice. “Dr. Rovella, are you okay?” It was her only boss. Though at this point, the gentleman was more of a mentor to her than a boss.

Dr. Rovella couldn’t answer. She couldn’t even make a single sound.

“Dr. Rovella, it is okay. Sometimes we have those kind of days in the hospital. Just like winter, a bad day will come to an end and there will be spring. Either knowing we may be going through winter, we do not want our patients to go through it as well. We want to give them spring time.” His words of wisdom picked Dr. Rovella up off from her knees and onto her feet. “Spring is almost here, look out your window. You can see them. The ducks are coming.”

Dr. Rovella’s eyes widened. The hair on the back of her neck straightened. She let out a gasp while holding onto the phone waiting.

“Are you still there?” She finally responded. She took a moment before repeating, “Are you there?”

Dr. Rovella’s knuckles turned white as she squeezed the phone. Silence was the only thing on the other end of the line.

***

To read more of my stories, visit [r/13thOlympian] (https://www.reddit.com/r/13thOlympian/)