I was fairly surprised when the knock at my door wasn’t the pizza guy, but was actually the secret police and a bag for my head. See the world hadn’t gone to shit like everyone expected when a new political movement installed a dictator in place of the US President. For the most part things had either remained the same or improved somewhat.

So now I’m sitting in a chair, with a bag over my head, wondering how or why exactly I am where I am. 

“Bet you’re wondering where you are?”

No fucking way. “No fucking way, JACK?!”

The man chuckled, and sure enough I knew that was Jacks characteristic laugh even though I hadn’t heard it in 20 years. 

“You can take the bag off man, sorry about that by the way. It’s a precaution I have to take nowadays.”

I pulled the bag off my head and blinked against the bright light of the room. The blurry man sitting across from me came into focus and for a jarring moment I couldn’t reconcile my memories of my smiling high school friend and the haggard looking man in front of me.

“Jesus Jack, the years haven’t been kind.”

Jack laughed again, but this time there was a sadness in it. 

“Could always count on you to speak your mind.” He sighed heavily. “And that’s why you’re here Paul. Unfortunately we don’t have much time, but I really needed to talk to you without all the “Supreme Leader” bullshit my cronies spew.”

He even did the little bunny ear things when he said supreme leader, but it took me a second to put two and two together. 

“No. What?! The supreme leader is Gabe Allmqn!”

“Yeah. That was the name that tested beat across all the age groups. Look man, I don’t have time to explain everything, and I don’t want to either. I brought you here to listen, to be my soundboard, and maybe throw some thoughts back when it fits. Like back in the old days. Remember when we just stayed up late talking about everything and anything we could? All those subjects so far beyond our experiences and real knowledge, just for the sake of exploring our minds and reality?”

He looked exhausted. Beyond exhausted, he looked at least a decade older than he should have. 

“Yeah man, I remember. What’s on your mind?”

Jack smiled a sad smile, the kind when you remember something happy but realize in the same moment that happiness is gone forever and you can only experience it in your memories. 

“Everything Paul. Everything is on my mind. I had such a grand vision for the future.”

“Yeah I remember, never thought you were serious about the whole despot thing.”

“Ha! Despot. How appropriate...” Jack ran his hand over his face like he was trying to wipe away his fatigue. “You know people forget, tyrants, despots, dictators weren’t always bad things. Caesar, Alexander, Cyrus, they all led their nations to power and glory.”

“Yeah, but they also killed a lot of people, fought unnecessary wars, and left empires behind that eventually shattered.”

“Yeah... yeah that’s my worry. I was surprised when everyone our age actually voted for my proxy, and even more so when I actually managed to get millennials to vote for the ACTUALLY important stuff like senate and congress. Those old fuckers pulled the wool over our nations eyes for decades. All that fanfare and focus on the presidential elections, all the blame shifting, all the crap about cross aisle politics. All of that was just so the old men could trade votes and seats like chess pieces and pocket bribes from corporations. All the while pointing at a figurehead and saying, “it’s his / her fault the budget didn’t go through, it’s their fault the public schools are shit, it’s their fault mental illness is on the rise and there’s been so many school shootings we don’t even hear it on the news anymore.”

Jack seemed like he was building steam, running down a very familiar track in his mind, but I was happy to let him go on. It was interesting hearing the thoughts of the man who had fixed a surprising amount of fucked up shit in two decades. 

“When I finally realized what they had been doing, and for how long, I had to take over. Corporations were literally buying votes, the super rich could make a law with the snap of their fingers, and everything was copacetic because the people we had voted into power to protect our liberties and lives were slowly selling away our souls and our future. Do you know how many companies were getting away with complete and utter fraud? Tax evasion? How many had actually DOUBLED their greenhouse gas emissions when they were publicly reporting they had gone green? And don’t even get me started on pharmaceutical companies and the health industry. God that was a fucking mess. Couldn’t even untangle it, just had to nuke the whole incestuous cancerous rot and start over.”

“Hey, the universal healthcare is doing well. Haven’t seen anyone complain about outrageous medical bills in years!”

I though Jack would smile at that, maybe even chuckle, but he scoffed instead. 

“Yeah. No one complains about hospital bills, but they never stop bitching about the higher taxes. No one complains that I forced companies to build their factories locally to create jobs, and set government price mandates on basic living necessities so now they can afford what they need to survive without accruing insane levels of debt. No one bitches about tax funded college educations, properly paid teachers, public work projects, the lowest unemployment and crime rates in history. No. Instead everyone bitches about the “free market” being gone, how “big guvnm’t is taking away their liberties”. I have terabytes and terabytes of data on corporations actively working to undo all the good I’ve done, manufacturing public incidents and even a few trying to figure out who I really am. I have reports of grassroots political movements trying to undermine and remove me from power, “because this isn’t democracy” and of course that’s so much better for everyone.”

“Well... people are dumb man. We’ve known that forever.”

Jack sighed. “Yeah. Yeah we have. Look man, I didn’t really bring you here to bitch about all this. I mean, I did, I made the world a better fucking place and all anyone can do is bitch and try to find ways to fuck it up. It’s like trying to manage a herd of 400 million toddlers who all are hellbent on killing themselves or destroying everything around them. But that isn’t even the worst part, the worst part is I finally figured out why everything goes to shit eventually.”

Jack paused. He used to do this in high school whenever he thought he was about to say something momentous, and he was right at least part of the time. 

“Yeah? why does everything eventually go to shit?”

“Ambition.”

“Ambition? Kinda feel like that makes things better.”

“Initially, yes, ambition And invention drive societies forward. Invention and ambition aren’t usually related, but they need each other, since most inventions would only ever benefit the inventor if there wasn’t also someone ambitious enough to either want to make money off of it or change their social status. Invention isn’t even necessary for societies to progress, up to a certain point, ambition alone can build rather large societies. The problem is once a society settles and establishes a ruling class. I don’t mean like a caste system or anything like that, but when a society settles on a prescribed way for people to get into power and then sits back and let’s the process run. Eventually the ruling class will be comprised entirely of ambitious people, or near enough that is doesn’t matter. Then society will start to degrade as those ambitions turn towards profit, and proliferating their power.”

“So ambitious people help build society but then ruin it?”

“Well. Not entirely. Ambitious people have a symbiotic relationship with the rest of humanity that becomes parasitic when conditions are stable. As long as they have something to do other than prey on their fellows, most ambitious people are actually helpful. The problem is when the vast majority of people have the same standard of living, ambitious people have to do better. They drive up the cost of living by always trying to climb to the next rung, and then when they get to where they want to be they make it impossible for everyone else to get there. They have to be different, higher up, they have to fulfill that part of them that needs to be better than everyone around them. That’s what ambition is at the end of the day, some leftover animal instinct to be at the top of the pyramid of humanity.”

“Ok. I don’t agree, but I can get the theory”. 