I slightly covered my face as my youngest son, Allen, flipped in the air, performing one of his double-kick-full degree-round things. I wasn’t so sure what it was, but al I knew was that he frequently practiced his perfect kicks, punches, was starting to practice aerial battle, and constantly editing and writing up his own moves. 

My daughter Pam, two years older than Allen, had a metal chip on the back of her neck and behind her ear, had telepathic powers. She was 13, and clearly annoyed about her younger brother grabbing toasts from midair out of the toaster. She was texting her friends on her phone while slowly chewing her breakfast, 

“No, Dad, I’m not texting my friends. I’m texting Gary.” She said it casually, and I smiled and rolled my eyes. She did it all the time, and most of the time she didn’t bother me in my private moments. So correction. She was texting her “boy” friend, Gary, who also had alien tech in him (they’d met downtown in a fight against a couple armed thieves). 

“Okay, well, hurry up. Come on, one month left of school. You can’t miss school, you’re attendance is already wacky from constant crime fighting, so you’d better get moving. Bring Allen with you.” 

Allen was in his first year of middle school, and Pam, her last. My oldest son, Jonathan, was in high school, just one year older than Pam. 

As Pam threw a stick of gum in her mouth, shouldered her backpack, and quickly pushed Allen out the door, Jonathan came down the stairs, slightly hovering above the ground. He yawned, and some swirling wind escaped from his mouth. “Sorry, Dad. Freeze breath, I know you hate that on winter mornings.” 

“It’s fine,” I responded, throwing him his backpack. He caught it with slight super speed. “You’re going to be late again. And promise me, you will not go crime fighting with your siblings today when you pick them up from school. Also, easy on the car, alright? Our insurance company hates us after that other incident....” 

“I know, Dad. Bye.” The door slammed shut. 





“You’re WHERE? Right now? Are you kidding me? Remember what I told you in the morning? Okay, I know the school day is over now! That’s not what I’m worried about! Their superpower is WHAT? WHAT WAS THAT? Are those sirens? Please tell me you have your masks on. Okay that sounded like a flamethrower. Wait, don’t hang up yet, when you get home don’t think you’ll just get by easy! Yes all of you! You too, Allen! Oh, did I just hear the car being SCRAPED? did you just hang up?” I sighed, putting the phone down. Raising a trio of crime fighting superheroes (yep that’s basically what they were) was not at all easy. 

Throwing on a jacket, I slipped out of my office hoping I wasn’t yelling that loudly. Sure enough, half the other employees in the room were staring at him. “Hi, yeah, Barbara, what’s up? You too, Ken. Yeah. And congrats on the promotion, Sam. Yeah. Was just making a phone recording for my daughter’s...film project. Yup. Okay, bye.” Embarrassed, I ran downtown where a full blown battle was going on. Fire, ice, a kid who was punching some guy in a mask in midair—yeah, that was Allen, Jonathan hovering about half the height of the office building and using his freeze breath. Gary also waved at me, while also controlling a street lamp to bend. A few other teenagers, kids, and young adults I didn’t know were also fighting. 

“I’m going...to leave now!” I yelled, a sharp blade of ice landing next to me in the sidewalk. Yup. Just another day. 
