Brutal world we live in, I tell you. I can't help but feel a slight pang of pity at the sight of the criminal I'd apprehended being strung up by his arms, his bones practically popping out of their sockets as they strain to support his body. He's a dodger, no doubt about it, but he's been apprehended for the wrong crime. He doesn't seem to object, though; his head instead lolls lazily to one side, his eyes glazed over in an almost catatonic state. I'd be willing to bet on the fact he's been drugged senseless. It's a common precautionary measure used by jails nowadays, to prevent people from killing themselves and such. 

Poor bastard. 

The person beside me shuffles impatiently. Although his face is mostly masked by a black balaclava, I can make out tufts of dirt blonde hair falling from underneath the mask. The cover also does little to conceal his rapid, almost frantic, breathing. He rubs at his arms, and I can see now that he's incredibly nervous. 

"Is this the one?" I ask him gruffly, jabbing a finger at the drugged man. 

He shakes his head, his fingers digging into his forearm. "No. Too tanned." 

"How did your guy escape again?" 

"Knife to the wrists. Managed to steal it from the kitchen. Three days before his hearing as well." 

"Nasty."

I walk up to the criminal, my eyes giving his body a quick once-over. His entire person seems to be covered in a plethora of scars, all intertwining and connecting across his bare body as if drawn onto him. I scratch my stubble, frowning. 

"Well, this certainly complicates it." 

My employer freezes, his eyes desperately looking to me. "Wh-what do you mean?" 

"This could be your guy... or it might not be. He's definetly done this a number of times, and he's got the scars on his chest to prove it."

"I'm telling you, it ain't this one!" 

Seems he's not having any of my bullshit. This is a man on the edge, so no point pushing him off it. I nod, conceding the point. "Right. Well, may as well send him off anyway. I'll check later to see if he can tell us anything about the target. Once he's sobered up." 

"O-ok." 

I bite the inside of my cheek, placing a firm hand on my employer's shoulder. "Look, we'll get him. I'm the best for a reason. Wether it takes ten months or ten years, I won't stop." 

"You promise you'll find the man who murdered my wife?" 

"I swear it."

Although it's a hollow statement, it does seem to reassure the man. He gives me a shaky nod as I turn my back on him, walking off to my trailer. As soon as he's out of view, I roll up the long sleeves of my overcoat, itching the raw, barely healed skin underneath. See, to beat these trackers, you've got to play at their own game. I'm a patient man, and if dancing deathly close to my tracker is enough to eventually cloud my scent, I'm willing to do it. 

So, how to do myself in this time? I don't want to screw up my chest anymore than it already has been. 

I settle on something relatively quick and painless. A gun, straight to the temple. From my coat I pull out an antique magnum revolver, spin the chamber, and press it to my temple. With this, I can set them down the wrong course again. 

How'd I get myself caught up in this mess? One murder leading to another, one identity to the next. Four hundred deaths it took to be reincarnated as something that was able to get relatively close to the person tracking me without arousing suspicion but, hey-o, it worked, didn't it? 

For sure, my 'employer's' wife had been a doll, but she caught onto me rather quickly when we started our fling. I doubt it was all worth it, just for a night of passion. She knew I was going to off myself again as soon as we were found out, so, of course, I had to tie up loose ends before she ratted on me. Elizabeth had always had a big mouth like that.

This'll make for the five-hundredth time I've done it then. Oh joy, it's an anniversary day. Cheers for this Liz - I hope we won't be seeing each-other anytime soon. I bet you've reincarnated as a whore. 

With an exasperated sigh, I lean my head into the barrel of the gun. As much as I'd like to stay like this - pretending to be a bounty hunter - I doubt it'll pay off in the long run. Someone'll find out eventually. Without further hesitation, I pull the trigger. 

---

/r/coffeeandwriting

