 "You may have three wishes. What will your first wish be?" the genie asked. I didn't... well, I don't know, fully comprehend the situation at first, but after about a minute of staring I realized that yes, this was really happening.

It took me another minute to think of something to wish for.

"I wish to understand and speak every language." I said nervously.

"Your wish is my command." Said the genie...

​

It nearly overloaded my brain. All those languages. The very programming of the universe...

I can only barely remember it, like those distant memories from when I was a toddler that actually probably never happened anyway. At that moment, I was the most powerful being in the universe, and, briefly, some part of my mind almost broke from it.

I still remember the millisecond of indescribable excruciating pain before my mind auto-adjusted to the vast knowledge at my disposal. Then I saw it. The code of the entire universe...

I understood...

I stood there, in my body, vapidly staring at the genie, but my mind was somewhere else. I was examining the coding of the world around me, exploring. I'm no expert at computer terminology, and it sometimes takes awhile for me to fish information that shouldn't be there from my brain, so please excuse my apparent ignorance of computer terminology, which still applies surprisingly well to the way the universe works, even though the universe isn't *technically* a computer program. Emphasis on *technically*.

After a bit of exploring, I checked back in on my body and realized that I was starving to death. I applied a quick patch while I figured out how to stop time around me (including inside my body). Once I figured it out, I actually fixed my starvation problem. And my thirst problem. And that cancer problem my programming said I'd have when I turned thirty seven. And the heart issues that would manifest when I turned sixty. And my entire family's Alzheimer's (yes, in retrospect, I should've solved the entire worlds Alzheimer's, but I was still kinda getting used to my omnipotence).

Then, I explored the Galaxy. I found a few hundred habitable worlds, and then decided to make a few of my own. I even put life on one. Don't get all excited, it's still just protozoans (although I did set their evolutionary course so they'd turn out as a humanoid species capable of interbreeding with us, albeit surprisingly different in a few remarkable ways).

I quickly got bored. It's what you do. There were a few alien civilizations out there, but most weren't nearly as cool as Sci-Fi writers want you to believe (albeit a lot less one-dimensional).

So, after much consideration, I decided to strip myself of my omnipotence. I made a few... alterations, first, but I abandoned all languages not spoken by humans, including the language of the universe.

I found myself standing in front of the genie, staring at him as he told me "So, you still have ten wishes... what do you desire?"

And that's how I became the world's first Professor of the Pictish Language. And a mistborn werewolf with full control over his wolf state.

Yes, really.