Since the war, most of Florida had reverted back to its original Everglades environment.  Alligators outnumbered the people.   Sara was only there to survey the former city of Miami.   She was fairly used to the isolation, but it did get unnerving to hear the feral parrots that had taken roost in the buildings scream “System alert!” to each other.  

Sara would be the first person on the isolated land to see the ship.  

She waved to them, emanating “friendly” or “unthreatening.”

The ship pulled up alongside a sunken dock.   A door on the side of the ship opened and a man in a yellow suit walked out, though Sara had been unable to distinguish whether he was a man or woman until he came near her.

“Se habla español?”

“Un poco.”  Sara frowned and concentrated because those lessons seemed so long ago.  She was more adept at reading it on signs, but her ears would not translate as exactly as her eyes.

“Sabes Americana?”

The nation, Sara wanted to ask, but she couldn’t remember the word for nation.  Was it nacion?  She lamely answered instead.  “Es Florida.  Un estado.”  She wanted to explain it wasn’t a state anymore, but the past tense of the tricky verb had vacated her mind as well.  “Un parco ahora.”

“Los otros Americanos. Donde esta?”

“Viven en las montanas,” Sara answered with wavering surety.  She tapped her upper chest. “Trabajo aqui.  Necesita permiso –“ Sara stumbled over the end of the sentence, “You need permission to come here,” but that involved more tricky conjugations.

“Quien tiene la autoridad?  Su presidente?”  the man barked.

Sara shook her head.  “No mas.  Mi jefe-“

“Esta gobierno?”

She didn’t know if he was asking about her or her boss, but she was getting sick of answering questions.  “De donde esta?”

The man relented and gave an answer.  “Cuba.”

So she learned Cuba still existed.  Her smattering of knowledge about the country was not that favorable.  Dictatorship, refugees . . . but she mustn’t ask about those things.  “Veen el mundo?”

“Solo ustedes.  El mundo esta bien.”

“No comprendo.”  Because she did not understand what he meant by "fine."  She and her coworkers were doing fine as well, but “fine” could not identify the vast amount of change the rest of the world must have suffered.  

“Ha reconstruido.  Sin unstedes.  Venemos explorar los restos del los Estados Unidos.”

Those last few words surpassed Sara’s education.  “No comprendo.”

The man was reining in his impatience, but he kept his voice gentle.  “Preguntara la gente de la comunidad.  Vamonos.”

Sara would not go with him.   Though he was being polite, she could not board that ship with him and his yellow suited crew.  “No puedo salir.”  She took off after that.  No apologies, no good wishes, no help.  The man and his crew should find their way north easily enough.

/I apologize for any mistranslations in Spanish and for the lack of accent marks.