I had never been afraid of dying, but had been afraid of the thought of eternity. Endless time with limited things to do just seemed to mimic my jaded human life. I had been a believer as long as i could remember and hadn't changed my views, but was still scared of the actual heaven and time itself. I had never been an atheist, but I had battles with faith every day.


But seeing all these creatures and their minions standing above this cracked earthy plane filled with wondering souls was more terrifying than the thought of eternity.


"You have the build of a warrior" said a buff man with a large silver ax and a twisted beard. "Valhalla would enjoy your company and your strength. You can finally let your anger and fighting spirit show!" 


I had never really let my anger out as a human and would never fight back even when being abused by others day in and day out. Finally being able to kill with no repercussions would be something i had always longed for.


"Can it you hairy oaf. Why bring people to your Valhalla if you're being set up to die in a battle of 'fate'?" An armor clad man with black hair retorted. "Father, you can't even control your two sons from constantly warring with each other!"


Odin started back at Loki and they began wrestling each other. An ancient deity with the head of a frog slipped past the dueling Nords and swiftly moved up to me.

"Obviously, I am the right choice. My name has been resurrected among the human world and I am hailed as a being of importance"


"Uhm, I'm not familiar with you. What is your name?" I genuinely questioned.


Some of the other deities stifled laughter at the frog headed being.


"Why, I am the almighty Kek! And I-"


"No thanks. The memes were enough" I cut the frog off.


An eruption of laughter came about as Kek walked away mumbling.


However, a hushed silence quickly spread across the large crowd as a beautiful, scantily clothed woman wrapped herself around me and whispered in my ear.


"Darling, come with me. I have everything you desire. It's no secret that you are quite interested with the art of...lust" The last of her words turned into warm breath that traveled down the side of my neck and sent chills down my spine.


"You could have me and any of my chambermaids in any way you please. Pure ecstasy forever." I was tempted. So very tempted.


"Don't listen to her." A soft but stern voice from my left said. 


The one I had always followed was standing there with soft eyes, looking at me with concern.


Before I could open my mouth, he continued.


"You've always been cautious of this very situation. You know who this is. I know you do. My child, they are lying to you." He said.


"Why would I lie? I want him terribly.." the succubus said as sharp teeth stabbed through her gums and her voice became lower than any voice i had ever heard "can't you see he wants me too!?"


I jumped out of her embrace and turned to see two horns jetting out of her forehead.


"Come on~ live a little. You said it yourself, you're afraid of being bored for all eternity! Come, have some fun and party with me!"


She had lived up to her name. She knew every weakness of mine and every negative thought.


I turned to the one I had always followed with uncertainty. Again, before I could speak he had already started.


"Your perception isn't true. Everyone has their own personal paradise. Everything you enjoyed on earth...your imaginary cities and worlds and palaces...your interests and hobbies...they're waiting for you. Your family is waiting. Your pets who have passed on are eagerly awaiting you just across the rainbow bridge. Come, my son. *I* have been waiting for you. "


I grabbed his extended hand, and we walked into the  sunbeams in the distance. 


A crowd of groans echoed through the land as I had made my decision.


I stopped and turned to watch the thousands of incredible looking beings move on to find another potential host, except for one.



A portal to another realm  had brought one of her high ranking minions to escort her back. She turned towards me one final time and said... "If I can't get you, I'll get someone close enough to you and break you. I'll keep you from having your 'perfect afterlife'" 


She smiled that devilish grin and winked as she removed the last of her clothes and revealed a long red tail jetting out of the back of her perfect figure. I made brief eye contact with her minion before he turned to follow her. A swarm of flies trailed him as the portal shut behind the two. 


I turned back to the kind man who i was familiar with, still nervous about what was ahead.


"Don't worry my son, you lived for me and now you will live your wildest fantasies for being faithful through all of your trials and tribulations. You need not worry. You will finally experience what you've always longed for...happiness" His smile became contagious and light enveloped me softer than satan had.