The rain pattered off of the window to his apartment in the city. Cars lazily rolled to a stop at the red light outside. The muffled sound of a city of people talking, walking, eating, going about their evenings was ever present. He just stood there, back to the door staring into a starless night. After living all. over the city started to feel like. home. despite the noise. Fumbling through his pockets he retrieved his cigarettes and an old zippo. "landlord'll chew my ass if she smells the smoke again" he thought with slight discontent. He contemplated just saying screw it and doing it anyways, maybe just opening the window. As he stood there, the city's pulse of neon illuminating the dark room with a soft red he felt a presence in the room. 

"Those will kill you one day you know?" a familiar voice said. And what a voice it was, it was smooth and silky, if you ever heard this gal talk you'd get it, it was like it just enveloped you like a gentle embrace. He didn't even turn around, just a small smirk growing on his face, cigarettes and zippo still. in hand. "yeah well, I ain't dead yet" he said, slowly turning around to feast his eyes on the vixen that had blessed him. with her presence. She was wearing a short dress, that hugged every curve of her body. Her brown curls cascading down her left shoulder, her lips were so red they stood out even now as the apartments neon glow danced about. Her skin was beautifully pure and white, and man her eyes, don't even get me started. They're beyond a dark brown. So dark they're almost black. His eyes followed her as she bent over, and turned on a dim lamp. They both sat now, opposite each other. 

After a moment of silence he asked "huh so that time already huh? I figured my rent woulda been due later" Her lips smiled as she gently ran her fingers over the couches arm, "dear you know how it goes" she playfully said, taking a deep breathe she got up, her bare feet barely making a sound on the wood floor, finding her way to his lap. "You give" she said, her voice growing softer and more enticing, his mouth salivating at her words, her arms wrapping around his neck, slowly drawing her closer to him "and I take" she whispered in his ear, playfully biting his ear lobe. Electricity shooting up his spine as his hairs stood on end. Her head resting on his shoulder, he say silently for a moment, "So then why are you here. I paid mine.." his voice asked in a smoky whisper.  Her fingers raking his messy blonde hair, she looked deeply into him,"The only man to ever cheat me" she said, playfully acknowledging the deed. "How many years now?" her hands running down his neck with such grace. "At least a millennia?" her sultry voiced asked. "I've stopped counting" he said in a monotone. "I made my pact with my gods when people still knew there name. After sacrificing, those innocent people, they said I could never have you" he said dryly, centuries dulling him to the deeds be had done. "back then you appalled me, now you appear as someone I'd want the most" he said, his hands gripping the chairs armrests as she drew hearts on his arms. "You only see what you wanna see Justinian.. I'd let you have me, but you made your choice" She said with almost some disappointment. "Let me take you back with me, you've walked every inch of the earth, fought in to many wars to name. Saw presidents die, nations rise and fall. The world's not fit for an old soul like you" She fidgeted and got up? walking to the window. He thought, deeply, his fingers drumming on the arm rest, the other playing with the stubble on his chin. 

As the red light turned green, cars flew by. Justinian got up, the old wood in the floor creaking with every step, he walked to the end table. Fetching three white candles he lit them with his zippo, placing them on the table. He shut the lamp off. City's neon danced with the candle light. He again dug through his pocket, he placed two ancient looking gold coins on the table. He made his way to her, wrapping his arms around her. "Take me" he finally said. The women turned and ran her hands down his neck and pulled him in, kissing him. with such passion, and fiery intensity. As their lips departed, he slowly recoiled, stumbling down the floor, he layer for a moment watching the candle lights and neon dance on the ceiling. "I'm coming dear.." he said with his final breathe. Without a sound she walked over, and closed his blue eyes, placing the coins on each lid. She folded his arms, leaned down and kissed his cheek. "Death always wins baby" she said as she blew out the candles. 

She put on her coat and shoes, finding an aged parchment in her coat pocket she crossed a name off that had been there far to long. As she left people parted before her in the streets, discussed by the wretched hag the saw. Accept the man on the park bench before her stared like she was an angel come to earth. 
(first timer and writing from a phone so enjoy!) 