On a foggy June morning, three Land Rovers sped across a tarred road built on what used to be Lake Erie's bed. 

In the lead vehicle, Jeremiah yanked a tissue from the box on the dashboard and blew noisily into it. The noise drew sleepy grumbles from the back seat, until he said, "Quit complaining, we're almost at the launch site."

The driver, a thickset man in his mid-forties named Oscar, was hunched forward and peering through the windshield. "Condition's real bad today. You sure we're still gonna fly?"

Jeremiah shrugged. "Like we got a choice. Used to be we could shower once every three days. Now we either shower after a week, or die of thirst."

A large sign materialized out of the gloom, white with large black words "Retrieval Site D-07". Shortly after, they arrived at the guard house of a fenced facility that consisted almost solely of helicopter pads.

"We counting on you," the guard said after checking their ID. His voice was hoarse with phlegm.

Oscar guided their convoy all the way to the other end of the facility, where three massive King Stallion helicopters were waiting. Each had been retrofitted with half a dozen one-man pods that extended out from the sides and rose several feet above the rotors. From each pod hung several leather sacs, now deflated. For some reason, Jeremiah always thought they looked like overturned bees.

The Land Rovers swung into their designated parking spots and Jeremiah hopped out almost immediately after. Sally, Huey and Maki shuffled out, rubbing their eyes and yawning. If they were rookies, Jeremiah would've grounded them, but these fellows had all flown several successful missions already.

Instead, he zipped up his jacket, rubbing his hands to dispel the cold that was creeping through his woolen mitts. It was precisely noon, and yet their surroundings lay shrouded in misty shadow. In the distance, on a cliff, he could barely make out the silhouette of Cleveland, though the city's skyscrapers appeared partially clouded by the dust storm that had been ravaging it.

"Alright folks, you know the drill. Keep the bags up and your heads down," he said. "Go, go!"

The crew members scattered to their pods. He clambered up the ladder to his and strapped himself into the spherical chamber. It was cold, and his breath fogged up the glass before his face. Yet he felt comforted by his knowledge of the technology here; it'd been a repurposed deep-sea submarine and everything, from the controls to the robotic claws that gripped each collection bag, was proven, durable technology.

The rotors roared to life, and soon they were away. He had pointedly avoided looking at the sky until then, but now found he had little else to see.

There wasn't much a sky, to be honest. A wall--no, an ocean--of water had replaced it. The dark, rolling mass appeared to be an almost solid object, a new crust for an old Earth. Sunlight filtered through weakly in some places, but not enough.

The barren landscape below was testimony to that. Brown dominated his sight now; the Great Lakes were mostly gone, and once snow-capped peaks now lay gray. Cities remained, little more than steel and stone prisons where people fought for every drop of water the government could spare.

There were no more living forests that he could see, neither on the American nor the Canadian sides of the border.

His fingers had tightened so hard on the joystick that he had to force himself to relax. Around him, he could see some of the other collectors looking up nervously as they approached the floating ocean. Nobody knew what had caused rain to stay afloat. Scientists theorized that Earth's gravity had gone to shit, and strange incidences of floating objects had almost given them credence. But nothing could explain why it had happened globally.

As the reading on the altimeter climbed, Jeremiah mouthed a quick prayer, for himself and for their pilot. It didn't matter if your helicopter fell down or *up* into an ocean; you just hoped enough of you remained in one piece for the rescuers to identify.

Up here, however, there would be no rescue.

He'd gone on enough runs to estimate when to deploy the bags. As the chopper slowed its approach, he began guiding an arm up. The water, so solid-looking and endless, lay only a few feet away, separated by the glass of his pod and thin air. The pod could afford a plunge into its depths--or perhaps height?--but he preferred a healthy distance all the same.

Working almost mechanically, he began scooping water into the bag, itself made out of a strong synthetic rubber composite. Strangely, when separated from the rest of its body, the water obeyed gravity readily. Some splashed out of the bag onto his pod, spoiling his visibility, but his experience saw him through.

Bag after bag he filled, and though some tension remained in his chest, he found the rhythm soothing. Until suddenly a chorus of panicked shouts burst through his intercom.

It came from Chopper Three, directly ahead of them. A waterfall seemed to have formed over them. Jeremiah gaped in stunned silence as the torrent slammed into the helicopter and bore it down. The pilot appeared to be fighting to bring his craft under control, but it was no use; the water flipped it over, the rotors went dead, and the aircraft dropped like a stone.

"Get us out of here!" he shouted, barely comprehending what was happening. The two remaining helicopters immediately began to descend, but then the unthinkable happened.

A curtain of water formed in the distance, so suddenly, so silently. It fell like a spear, and a city underneath it vanished in the blink of an eye. The water exploded outward in all directions, bearing with it fragments that used to be human civilization, so small as to appear toy-like.

"God," Jeremiah murmured, even as several other streams--they looked so thin and harmless--formed and rained down. The earth shattered from the impact, and even hills and mountains collapsed.

"What do we do?" Oscar's voice came, sounding very soft.

Jeremiah did not have an answer for him.

***

*Thanks for reading! Please check out my [sub](http://reddit.com/r/nonsenselocker) for more stories!*