"Hey, have you ever noticed that your butter knife seems a bit too sharp for its job?" My grand nephew had asked me, wielding the tool in question.

Looking back at him, and belching a bit, I took my hat off my head and smoothed back my hair.  I knew it would be best to throw him off the scent, lest he realize the power that was in his hands.  That he could bend the world to his knees and slay armies with ease, or even just make some of the chores I gave him easier.  After all, what good were those chores if he could get them done lickety-split?  No, those were to make him tough.  Once he was tough and ready to fight back against the world would I tell him about that butter knife and its long history, about the kings and thugs and champions who had dealt justice and death and committed righteous evils with it. Well, it had been a sword back then, but now here I had it.

Quite some time ago it had come into my possession in its original form,  A sword of most exquisite make.  And I had used it as such for a while, drumming up business and showcasing some feats to keep the yokels impressed with my little tour, but of course all good things come to an end and the use of that sword, Excalibur, had to as well.  Someone broke in and attempted to steal it, likely to use it to bring about either their own form of vengeance on life or right some perceived slight that had been done to them.  Well, I knew it would be wrong to let them have it, so I hit them over the head with a nearby club kept just for that purpose.  Never hurts to have one of those, that's another lesson for the boy, and the girl, when they are ready.  Anyway, after throwing the would be theif in a ditch to wake up confused in the morning, or something, I took the sword and decided I should dispose of it.  Just before I threw it in that hole though, I had a better idea.

I melted that blade down and made myself one kick-ass butter knife.  I learned that it kept most of its powers shortly after forging it, and was pleasantly suprised, a bit less powerful than it had been, but it was all there in that kitchen set.  Never tarnishing, never dulling, bending, or breaking.  Really worth it in the end.  Best money I ever spent on some kitchen tools.  The Shack was a lot nicer with that cutlery on the table.  Anyway, gotta distract the kid.

"Nope.  Maybe you just had some crappy knives.  Hey, look, the sink is clogged again, why don't you go take care of that Dipper?" Stan smiled slightly as his grand nephew frowned and grumbled off to the bathroom.

That kid would be something some day.  He would be ready for a lot then. Heck, he had already grown a lot that summer. 

Edited a bit of bad autocorrections