One night, when I was a young man travelling with my family, I had made my mind up to go for a swim. We were visiting friends who lived on a small island in the middle of a lake vast in size, a thousand feet deep, a hundred leagues long and fifty leagues across. The water was calm, small waves lazily caressed the small sand beach I stood on and the water as far as I could see was like a soft mirror of the black sky, broken up with specks of white froth and reflections of moon and star. 

As often is the case, I was alone. I didn't think twice about wading into the chilly waters until I was waist deep before I let myself slide forward into a small wave, like collapsing into a bed, and began to slowly swim out. Though I was still young and physically small I was a strong swimmer, growing up on a lake I've always been very comfortable in the water. 

By the time I stopped my relaxed swim and stopped, treading water and catching my breath I had gone much farther than intended and carried laterally by the current. I could still see the island, though I could barely spy the lights from the cabin windows it was enough, I had my bearings. I spun myself back around, back turned to the island and marveled at the beauty of the cloudless night sky and nothing but rolling water as far as I could see. 

I flipped over on my back and stared at the stars as I swam eastward, correcting the drift from the current, completely overwhelmed with beauty I wondered if the miracle of my life was as meaningful as the miracle of this lake. How would you even measure such a thing, the value of a miracle? I laughed and got a mouthful of water, stopping my backstroke I tread water once more and spit the water out. 

I very quickly noticed I was bobbing up and down much more as I scissored my legs and waved my arms. Turning myself back to face the island, it took a few moments to spot the light from the cabin window. The light. There was only one on, my family would soon be in bed and there would be no lights. You can understand this is a troubling realization to someone who's only begun to live their life. The wind and waves steadily increasing in severity did little to calm this realization.

I began swimming in earnest, telling myself I had to get home before the lights went out or it would take forever to find the beach again. I subconsciously knew I was actually swimming for my life, but I suppose I was trying to keep that fact in denial to stay calm; even at that age I knew the disasters panic can cause. I'm not sure if you've ever tried to swim any great distance at night but it becomes quite difficult to maintain your direction when the waves are larger and stronger than you, I frequently had to stop or slow and push myself up out of the water to see the island. 

I stopped to catch my breath and give my now aching muscles a break, gauging my distance and direction home. I squinted for a moment and wiped some water from my eye with the back of my hand, when I opened my eyes again the light from the window was gone, the island nothing more than a blurred silhouette only noticeable because it was stationary and darker than the reflective water. 

My mental denial of the danger I was in went out with that bedroom light and I felt all the elements of panic start to set in. My already racing heart was now beating against my chest, my measured breathing turned instantly to deep gasps that often got bits of water from the waves in my mouth, my hands and arms began trembling and my stomach started to crawl up my throat. I closed my eyes and heard my Father's voice in my head, "No, breathe. That's it, just breathe nice and easy. In. And out." My stomach settled, my heart decided it wanted to stay in my chest, and I knew what I had to do, just breathe and swim. 

Treading water with my eyes closed and taking those few careful breaths, I saw a bright light through my eyelids and immediately opened them to catch a glimpse of everything in perfect clarity, fully illuminated by a bolt of lightning miles behind me, then with my pupils shocked from the light everything was dark. I felt the reverberation from the thunder in my body before I heard it but when I did hear it, it was as though the sky split open and dumped all it's water back into the lake. I was already swimming, frantically toward the mental afterimage of the island.

I thought to myself I was over halfway home, and then I thought I was just reassuring myself. The fast moving storm clouds made the moon and start light chaotic and ethereal. I started wondering if the silhouette I was swimming towards was the island or just that clear picture of it I've been holding in my mind. 

Despite the adrenaline, my legs were aching and felt as if they were pumping pure fire through their veins. I knew if I got a muscle cramp it would probably be the end of me. I stopped swimming and looked to make sure I was still heading toward the island and not just fooling myself and I was indeed. I tread water with my arms only for just a few breaths, letting my legs rest while I waited for a wave to propel me forward. 

I thought about surfing, I had never done it but I understood the concept well enough. I started feeling the waves with a different mindset, learning how to join with them and stiffen my body to let them carry me with little effort on my part. As I got the hang of it I became excited, the heavy rain and sporadic thunderclaps now background noise. I felt I learned to be one with the water, I had mastered the waves and with that mastery was swimming faster than I ever have before!

As I drew nearer and nearer to the island it grew larger and became clearer. I had drifted off course again, I was closer to the western point than the beach on the east where the cabin slumbered. I swam eastward again, though I couldn't see the beach I had a good idea of where it was relative to the point and it was a small island. It certainly wasn't as easy to swim across the waves as it was to swim with them, but my muscles had rested some and I still stiffened my body for moments to let the waves carry me closer to shore. 

Then the sky light up again, another lightning bolt to the north, I took another clear reckoning of the island with the brief illumination. I could see the beach and I couldn't be more than a hundred yards from it! I turned to face it and with the next wave I used my arms and legs to launch myself forward with it, stiffening my body and letting it carry me as I periodically kicked or fanned my arms to stay with it or on course. Then I lost it, the whole world rumbled with the thunderous boom of the last lightening bolt as I waited for the next wave I would harness.

I was racing toward the beach, I could see the sand clearly and the darkness of the vegetation behind it. When I fanned my arms forward I was surprised to feel air and, looking down, I realized I was a full 5 feet above the surface of the water riding the crest of a huge wave. Like the roadrunner realizing he ran straight off a cliff, I dropped down into the water, half in the wave and half in the air as I fell. 

I immediately began doing the breast stroke to keep direction, though I was barely moving my arms and legs my momentum was carrying me to the shore faster than any human could swim. I felt the sand and small rocks scrape my face and mash my nose, then my chest and arms and the rest of my body was being dragged across the coarse ground. I went from being completely underwater to feeling air on my back, the wave had carried me right to the shore, I was home! I was alive!

I planted my palms in the dirt and started to do a pushup, already walking home in my mind. Then the wave that carried me ashore was reclaimed by the lake, the water rapidly slid beneath me and created a vacuum in the space it left between my body and the earth, sucking my face straight into the sand. I tried to push myself up again and another large wave crashed against my back, keeping me down as surely being stomped on. 

I had been holding my breath too long, since I fell through the wave minutes ago. All I could think of, was that I needed to get my head out of the water before the next wave slammed me down again and I started to push myself up once more. Again the undertow sucked me down into the sand as the last wave receded into the lake, and though I struggled for my life with all my strength the wave was stronger. When the undertow subsided, my efforts to breathe were again beat down as the crest of the next wave smashed against my back. 

Then the undertow again, my aching arms trembled as I struggled to lift my head out of water just a few inches and breath, I could feel the air on my ears it was so shallow! Just then I remembered all the times I've heard people say a baby can drown in an inch of water and as my lungs went into convulsing spasms and my whole body trembled and felt as though it were collapsing on itself, I realized just how true that was...

