*I stand now upon the mountain. Perhaps I am a prophet, arms outstretched to eternity, to speak of our futility that others may learn. Perhaps I have already passed, and this is the afterlife with which all men – all beings – are faced. Regardless, I conclude this annal, the record of countless lives lived through the eyes of those who called this Earth home.*

I stood wearily, brushing absentmindedly the dust from my hands as I replaced the chisel and mallet in my backpack. When I began this project I used better tools, but I ran out of power relatively quickly. That is to say, Im not so sure how long it's been.

Back when I first figured it out, what the inscription meant, I set about trying to learn. I never did finish high school, so I drove down to the nearest university and tried to read up on what I missed. Problem is, it doesn't much matter how much time you have when you don't know what do do with it. So after what I figure was a few years, I gave up on the physics – never made much sense to me. Soon after all the science went. I tried dying a few times, no dice there. So I went back to the reading. 

I found myself drawn to our history. I wasn't looking for answers anymore, I just wanted to know for my own sake. A few decades must have passed, and I went through most of the libraries I could drive to – taking a new car every time the last one ran out of gas. Folks don't seem to mind much if you take their truck when they're frozen in time. 

I didn't keep a tally, but it must've been after 50 years that it dawned on me. There was no way to save yourself for very long once time starts rolling. I'd read about a thousand empires that came and went, didn't make much of a difference how much they knew. The only thing that lasted was their story. The only way to save them was to remember. 

So I wrote. I had a flair for the dramatic, I guess. I chiselled our story, the history of Earth as far as we knew it in the year 2020, into the mountains. On the Earth itself, I etched our lives. Now, as I hold the hammer to strike in place the last full stop, I hesitate. Perhaps I have not saved us, but I have kept us alive in the only way that matters. I did whatever I could, for as long as it took. 

I set the chisel. 
I raise my hammer. 
I strike...