"But I'm not ready yet! There's so much left to see, so much left to ***do***." 


"Dad, we've been over this. You've lived through 30 centuries. You've known pain, seen all your friends die. You've seen Paris and the Pyramids and everything else dozens of times. You're all alone in this little cottage way out here in the middle of nowhere, reading books and hunting for your food. You can't even go into town because everyone hates you. What's left?"


"Me. I'm left, Stacey. I'm not ready yet. Look, I remember a time when people died in terrible ways. Heart attacks, strokes, cancer. You've only read about those things in books or the Internet. Cancer was terrible. It took your grandmother. It almost took me. I was in remission when the serum was created. I took it right away. I was among the first thousand. You know all this."


"But that's the problem, dad. That's it right there. You remember the world before. It effects other people, knowing that you know things. They're scared of you. They're worried about the example you're setting for everyone else."


"Stacey... Look. I was 51 when all this started 51. I might be the last person on this planet who looks 51. Everyone else is at their prime. The prime of their lives. Young, beautiful. Full of life. They're eternity is one of quick laughter and no pain. Their loved ones get to choose when they go, there's no shock or sadness. It's seen as this great thing. This noble thing. Well, not me. I'm 51. I'm old, in the true sense of the word. When I was a kid, 51 was way over the hill. As we got closer to it, we realized that, in some ways, 51 was just the beginning. 51 is good! Your kids are grown, you're settled, your happy. You've got 30 good years left, if you're lucky. Now, nobody gets that. They take the serum before they've developed a wrinkle. Their tits are still perky, the stretch marks haven't come yet. They don't grunt when they get out of bed. Their bones don't ache in the cold. The Grey hasn't started at their temples. They stretch time, but they don't get old. I'm the last old man. Let me be in this cottage, my home, until I'm ready. I don't care what people at the market think. They're not old like me. They'll never be old like me."

"Dad..."


"Thats all, Stacey. That's all I have left to say. This conversation is boring. Neither one of is going to influence the other. Just let me be. I love you, but I can't have this conversation again. Just let me be. You can come visit in a few days, but only if you won't bring this up again. 

"Okay dad. I love you. I'll come by in a few days. Maybe I'll bring Jake. I'm sure he'd like to go shooting with you."


The old man said goodbye to his last remaining child. She was 23, was always 23. What did it matter anymore? The old man sat on his chair, the same chair he'd had for so many years. The chair his father had sat in for so many years before him. His bones hurt, it was cold that day. He wondered if the young looking people had bone aches. He wasn't that old, but the cancer that had ripped through him all those centuries ago had weakened him a bit. He could still stalk elk for days, sure, but the first hour of a cold morning was miserable. 


He sat by his fire. He drank his third cup of coffee. He wondered if the world would have a thankful sigh when he was gone. He imagined some people would. 


Not today, though. Not today. 