Who knew that failing at killing yourself could get boring? I tried floating off into space twice and just woke up years later at sea, twice. Always would wind back up in one piece after any kind of accident. Discovered euphoric highs and impressive trips trying to overdose. Why did I want to be immortal again?

I don't know if I had assumed going back in time would have been an option. Maybe the memories would have carried me through? I don't know. Time no longer meant anything to me, nor did much else. I had dabbled with fame, seclusion, power, anonymity, everything. Everything a person could do. I believed myself to be a creative person. But ignoring a pyromaniac in a fireworks factory would be easier than ignoring the repetition of life. I had died but never left. It had been so long that the sorrow I felt for myself had long evaporated. Sorrow for never seeing those I had grown close to passing. My children, grandchildren, great-grandchildren. Countless lovers, friends...soulmates. Mass graveyards for those who I was sun and the moon. Why can't I recall their names?

Gabriel peered over a weathered brick wall overlooking the ocean. People walked along the shore, fading in and out between the unkempt vines that sprawled atop the parapet. It had taken hundreds of years in order to establish an entity so great, that Gabriel could buy out the land he thought to be the most beautiful on earth. It took establishing a religion, infiltrating government, and slowly seizing land. Centuries later, he had what he wanted. The project felt exciting at times, however, upon realizing the feasibility of his endeavors, the weakening feeling of loss and emptiness dripped back into Gabriel.

"When you realize living forever sucks, call this number, I've got a job offer for you."

English, with an American accent no less. Gabriel turned.

Fright. Confusion. Am I confused because I am frightened? Approximately a decade since I've taken anything that could alter sight, or sound for that matter. 

"Who are you?" Gabriel did not take a step back. If this was a person, he would be standing abnormally close for any acceptable culture. 

"What am I."

Gabriel took a step back to better examine the figure that had appeared before him, but it kept at an exact distance. It seemed to absorb light from it's human like figure, about the size of a small child, but the proportions of an adult. It had a translucent darkness with no noticeable features and floated about a meter of the floor. The voice came from about where the head was, but also from everywhere. 

"Where is this number?" Gabriel asked as he looked for any object that resembled an electronic, or even paper. 

"Give me your hand." 

"Why do you speak English with an American accent?" 

The figure did not respond. Gabriel felt a burning sensation on his left wrist that lay by his hip. The sleeve of his robe was beginning to produce smoke as Gabriel pulled it back. Gabriel could not recall the last time he reacted to pain. This felt much more intense than anything that he could quickly recall, but still Gabriel did not flinch. 

"It fells like a tattoo is being inked with the quill of a stonefish. What is this? Is 667 the entire number, or will I be placing a call to Maryland?" Gabriel paused. That name, Maryland. That was a place of long ago. The numbers continued to appear. Three, then four. A familiar format. A familiar sequence. 

Gabriel began to cry. The apparition was gone, as was the pain. But the numbers remained. Gabriel laughed for a little looking at the numbers, but returned to crying. Falling to a crouch, and then to sitting down on the earth, Gabriel was overwhelmed with emotion. 

"È tutto ok?" A young woman's voice from over the wall probed quite loudly. 

Gabriel did not register the question. He recalled the meaning of the number. His parents phone number. He could not even recall the last time he had thought about them, but could now vividly picture both of their faces. Gabriel recalled candles on a cake, mother and father glowing with delight above it. The smell of fresh crab cakes, the softness of a quilt on a couch, the nervousness of a conversation, apprehension, relief. He could remember guilt. What for? What else can I recall? Why isn't there more? 

"Gabriele, ti senti bene?" The young woman was now beside Gabriel.  

"Ho sentito l'emozione. Ad una bellissima cosa." Gabriel managed to muster. However, Gabriel couldn't remember truly feeling emotion like this before, but knew he had. "Hai visto qualcosa di insolito?" Gabriel looked at the woman holding his arm. Looking for all the meaning communicated from a person as he had learnt to do long ago.

"Tu stai piangendo. Quindi sì." The woman gave him a similar look, probing for more.  

So, only I saw the apparition. Why do I find her voice so beautiful? No one alive has ever seen me cry, yet this woman knows not that this is a rare occasion; but only that I feel something is wrong. Or is that what she is thinking at all? Why can't I read her? 

The emotion Gabriel felt was overwhelming. A floodgate had broken and a carousel of emotions cascaded through Gabriel. Sadness for those he missed, anger at existence, joy for the return of feeling, and after a long long ride, curiosity and intrigue. 

(Alright, I'm getting tired. I would like pointers for better writing. First time posting here. If people like it, I can continue the story.) 