After dropping off his girlfriend at the modeling agency's photography studio, James tried in vain to dismiss his girlfriend's lack of gratitude, and pulled out his new phone. Having just moved to an apartment in the city, he would need a bit of help getting to the appointment he had at NeuroGen. It irritated him how long it took to walk everywhere, despite being physically very healthy and living in such a central location. The truth was, he was used being a passenger, and walking could never be as efficient. 

As he walked briskly, looking down to avoid the infuriatingly uneven breaks in the sidewalk and the odd bits of trash that this disgusting city couldn't clean up, his mind dismally reflected on his present situation. Thirty-four years old, only making 185k a year, he was not even halfway to the income level he projected he would be making at this time, back when he was studying at Yale. He blamed his parents; although their donation played a pivotal role in his acceptance to the university, they did not do enough to help him choose a more lucrative career. He resented their own good fortune and cursed them under his breath. 

But things would be different now. He had first heard of the NeuroStim procedures from his old college friend, who suggested the controversial procedure after a long night of hearing James complain about the many problems plaguing his life. James found the science rather intriguing; the implantable device stimulates neural network defragmentation and regrowth, prioritizing special areas of interest to receive greater blood flow, and eventually, cognitive ability. Because the brain mass is limited, patients had to allocate the neural network categories carefully, and for the same reason, could not max out all areas. James accepted this, and opted for the treatment when he found that 100% of patients reported improvements in their desired categories within minutes of having the operation finished. 

The last thing he remembered, before being put under, was the doctor's incessant warnings about the wisdom of James' particular desired configuration. Though the doctor assured James that he would definitely feel lucky after the operation, he could not stress enough that James would lose his abilities to reason, to apply logic, to understand context. He would lose dexterity, hand-eye coordination, and eventually, strength. His senses would dull eventually, and with his feeble mind, most people would see him as a burden. But James smiled, for the first time in a long time, because when he awoke, he would finally get the luck he felt he deserved. And he would do it his way. 

----------------------------------------------------------------------

James awoke to see his beautiful girlfriend, holding his hand and smiling with tears in her eyes. Amidst the beeping of cardiac monitors and the whooshing of respirators, he heard her muffled cry when she saw his eyes open, and saw his parents leap up from their chairs to hold him. His sweet mother, the one who, so many years ago, would patiently nurse him when he was sick, would help him with his schoolwork when he struggled, and always made his favorite cake for his birthday, was crying over him, trying to smile but failing. Even his unflappable father,  hard-working, who never complained, who pulled his 6 year old son from the water after catching his first fish so many years ago on that sunny camping trip... even he was struggling to maintain his composure. James smiled at these beautiful, warm people who loved him, who came here to be with him. He didn't want such lovely people to cry, and could not understand why they were upset; but in trying to ask what was wrong, he simply could not find the words. He tried to stand up, to embrace his family, but his legs felt too heavy. At this time a nurse rushed in, impassively checking the diagnostic machines. Calling the doctor, she professionally relayed the information, to which the doctor replied that everything went smoothly. James felt comfortable in the presence of such responsible, smart people.

James awoke from sleep, maintaining his smile without interruption. A few short weeks of recovery later, he was happy that he could go outside again. He would miss his nurses, who treated him like a king, by helping him use the bathroom and by feeding him when his hands became tired. He loved them all and felt so blessed to have such caring people there for him. When he was moved from the bed and placed in the wheelchair, he beamed with ecstasy: the feeling of mobility was intoxicating. He was going places in life. 

Though he did not quite understand what happened to him in the treatment center, it did not matter much. As his father pushed him steadily over the cracks in the sidewalk, James looked up and felt an emotion bubbling up within him. He admired the rays of prismatic light filtering through wispy clouds dotting a calming blue sky, he cheered with great applause the lovely song of the birds in the blooming branches above, and enjoyed the delight of a soft, fragrant breeze caressing his face as it passed by. The bubbling emotion grew, searching to be defined by the right word. Just as his mother put her hand on his shoulder with a smile, he looked into her eyes and the world came to him. 

He felt lucky.





