"Daddy! There's a mobster under my bed"

"Daddy! Come!! Daddy"

"Here we go again" - I said to my wife as I rolled my eyes. 

Little Cassie had been having nightmares for three straight days. Screaming about terrible monsters haunting her in her dreams. She seemed to have a knack for waking me up at 3 a.m. I couldn't help but think that she did it on purpose. 

Life had really been hard lately. Not being able to sleep more than two hours straight without waking up to screams. Being flooded with work every day and, with my beloved wife turning into a shopping monster with my new promotion, it felt like a  stressful way to climb up the corporate ladder. 

It's strange to think that about a month ago, I genuinely believed hard work would pay off. Oh how wrong I was. Three straight years working my ass off and not a single reward. Not even a couple of words of encouragement. Nothing. I was pretty much invisible. 

That all changed when I met Tony. We met at a small party. He was a small, ball-headed man that seemed like the most popular guy at school (You know, the star quarterback that dated the prettiest cheerleader and had a 4.0 GPA). He had a small gold chains that swayed from side to side as he talked with a certain cockiness that, somehow, didn't make you want to leave. 

As the night went by, guests started slowly leaving until we were the only ones. He stared at me as he knew my whole entire life. After a small puff of his cigar, he asked:

"Where do you work, dear John?"

A small drip of sweat confirmed my thoughts: I was talking to a star. 

"At River Side Bank" - I quickly answered

"Really? Do you happen to know Rick Stamos?"

"Of course, he's my boss"

"Wow! What about Cooper Mortinson?"

"Yep, nice guy"- I had never really talked to him, he was a revered person at the office.

As he kept asking about familiar names, I couldn't help but think that I had seen this man before. Was it at the bank? Probably, I mean he knew pretty much everyone over there. 

We kept talking for a while about banking, until he finally asked:

"Your hard work has not gone unnoticed. But now I need to know if your loyal"

He took out a small pocket knife and drove it toward my neck, stopping just before my jugular exploded. 

"The Feds are coming soon and you reported some interesting information to your boss"

My hands were sweating like a cold river down my spine. My face was as red as a strawberry with asthma after a basketball game. 

"Would you rather have a promotion? Or something happen to your little girl?"

I gasped for air and answered the only possible answer:

"I'll keep my mouth shut"

"Great, loved doing business with you"

Tony coolly grabbed his jacket and left. I nerdily grabbed my inhaler and tried to catch my breath. Some things never changed in the world: cool kids always rule. 

I clumsily walked to Cassie's room and turned on the light. There was my beautiful angel staring like a frightened deer. As I made my way over, a small man made his way from under the bed.

"Hello John. Someone has been talking."

A cold shiver shook me throughout as I heard those frightening words. 

"Cassie, go get Mom and tell her to leave."

"That wouldn't be ver smart, John"

"Please don't hurt them Tony"

"Oh foolish John! You crack me up! Of course I won't. I just need to shut the rat up"

He took a small revolver, pointed at me and shot. Everything was over and the only thought in my head was: cool kids always rule. 