Demons are not big fans of reality. On the plane where they exist they have a pretty good time, building castles, tricking each other into horrible deaths, avenging said horrible deaths with terrible revenge (being immortal, the deaths are more of an embarrassment) and generally messing around. Being sucked through a portal to another plane was the equivalent story to alien abduction to a human. You'll know if it's happening, but you never 
believed it would.

So Xero found itself staring at a group of pale humans, who were staring in almost as much disbelief back. The "How to fummone a moft Wicked DEMONE" kit had looked super kitsch when the group were looking for some good props for their flagging DnD group. Right now, the idea that it would add some flavor to the proceeding was beginning to seem in bad taste.

Xero kicked the badly constructed pentacle apart in quite literally a flash, and stood before them menacingly. An effect that was not entirely enhanced by the fact that he was wearing his favorite bath robe and a sort of fur shower cap. His favourite form, that of a winged cherub, was not especially helpful in this endeavor either.

The group were sniggering  nervously at this point, which was definitely an error of judgement from an historical perspective. Recognizing that he was at a social disadvantage, Xero switched to his award winning "Skinned Zombie Bear with Skewered Accessories" form, and noted with satisfaction that the the group had started gasping and applauding. Even so, there were norms to be observed. With a sigh of what was actually regret, Xero considered how to best terrorise, torture and murder all these young human creatures.

"What the F**K do you want, you bunch of moronic F**ING tools?" he said, the whole world seeming to resonate with the deep vibrations of his colloquial expletives. For the first time the group appreciated the apparently cosmic power of this being before them, who was seemingly channelling Fred's rather limited subset of English vocabulary. Fred himself had fallen to his knees, and soiled himself with at least several bodily emissions. He held up a notebook filled with scribbles and words, as a kind of sacrificial offering.

Snatching the book, Xero instantly absorbed it's contents (Demons have pretty impressive IQs in general. In the region of 666 or even more.) 
"You are all, like, so dead" Xero said. "I'm finkin of like buryin' you in Bees. Like really mean ones. It's gonna be gnarly."

Fred added more snot and tears to his bodily emissions tally, and began begging with more eloquence than was his  wont for mercy and forgiveness. 

Xero was more unmoved than a human could possibly understand, but he paused, and chuckled. "Bees. Brilliant!" 
"Y-y-you mean suh suh section two?" said Fred, over the sound of general wailing that the group had begun to emit.

"Yeah, awesome. How did you see any mug fallin' for it, though?".
"Uh, w-w-well (let's just assume stammering for all Fred's diaglogue) the Dungeon master kept the bees in a large underground hive, and then a weakened roof, and the trap is sprung. Totally like undetectable, too."

"Hmm. These tales seem strangely beyond the abilities of a bunch like you dorks" said Xero.
"Th-th-th (etc) that's because it's a game. Dungeons and Demons. We role play. I make up the world, and my friends play in it."

Xero looked intrigued. "This party is defeated easily by your clever tricks?" 
"Not really" admitted Fred. "To be honest, I'm struggling to come up with stuff that will fool them without being obviously unfair." 
Xero had switched back to a cherub. The shocked looks reminded him to include a nappy, and then he spoke. "I've, er, got a deal for you guys...".

In the years that followed, Xero was regarded as the top dog on his plane. He manifested a team of creatures that seemed unstoppable, whilst always seeming prepared with the most fiendish traps of his own. He was the undisputed King of the game for now.

In Fred's world, they looked forward to being avatars in this strange world, deperately trying to avoid the death that would plunge them once again into reality. And the boss battles were genuinely epic. Xero was not averse to helping out in reality, either. The group of jocks who had enjoyed humiliating and hurting Fred or the group had some really bad experiences, many of them involving the full spectrum of bodily fluids. Including blood.
