When I saw the figure at a distance, I assumed it was one of the very close friends that I had made around 5 years ago. I never had any real fights with my parents or siblings, so it wouldn’t have made sense to me if they had showed up. However, as I drew closer, I was able to make out more details about them, and they seemed to be wearing the same kind of clothes as I usually did. Puzzled, I walked closer, until I realized the truth: I was looking at myself. It was like looking into a mirror: she wore the same glasses as me, along with blue and white thigh high's and a blue skirt that reached to just above the knees. The shirt was white as well, although her hair was not done in a ponytail at all and looked slightly messy.

My doppelgänger looked right at me and smirked. “Expecting someone else, Dani?”

I didn’t know what to say. It felt like my thoughts were stuck,and I couldn’t make my mouth form any words. I just stood there in shock as this clone of myself paced back and forth, not even staring at me as she continued to talk.

“I assume you were expecting Ashley? Or Ash? Or maybe even someone else from that system we had back in the physical world?”

I didn't get it. I was the one who had caused hell for my system for the whole of the last winter. The entire time I had been around, all I can remember is trying to keep those I cared about safe, but ending up making things worse, and hurting them in the process. Having to try and fix what I had caused as best I could while apologizing over and over for the pain I had caused. I didn’t even know why I was up here and not down below.

The figure sighed and turned to face me again. “Now, I won’t deny that you have hurt others in your life. That is a simple inevitability. However, the amount that you have harmed yourself is simply so much higher then anybody else.”

I had finally managed to find my voice. “No. Whatever pain I had caused myself was simply payment for those I had hurt with my actions. What pain I have experienced is nothing compared to what I have caused.”

My clone shook her head, as though disappointed in me and my answer

“just as stubborn and self-hating even in death I see. I suppose I will have to to explain plainly to you what I mean.”

She started to walk over to a large tree that I hadn’t noticed there before. I reluctantly followed her, dreading what she was about to say to me. As we got to the tree, she sat down, and motioned to me to sit down as well. I complied, not wanting to insult her. As she stared off into the distance, she began to speak.

“Now, let me continue. You see yourself as a monster. Someone who must punish herself over and over even when everyone else has forgiven you and told you so multiple times. You can’t forgive yourself for anything you have ever done to hurt others, even if it is extremely small. You believe that you are a poisonous being that it’s very touch will end up corrupting and poisoning others as well. In your attempt to forever repent, you drove yourself to utter exhaustion, to the point you collapsed, barely being able to move, but still denying any kind of rest for yourself because you believed that this is what you deserved. You wanted to work yourself to death, only stopping when someone in the system managed to force you to go somewhere you could rest and sleep-”

I felt myself start to shake at this point. “But it’s true. I am poisonous-“

“For fucks sake Dani, no you aren’t!” she yelled. “No one in the system believed you were poisonous. They told you multiple times. I’ve told you multiple times even! Why is it so hard for you to understand this one simple point? Why do you instead keep torturing yourself over and over and over?”

I slammed my hands over my ears, shut my eyes, and started to mutter out loud to myself. Nothing coherent. Just anything that would drown out her voice. so I wouldn’t have to hear her words. Words that were echoing in my head over and over, seemingly getting louder as I kept drowning them out to the point that I was screaming, begging for the voice to just stop.

Eventually, I couldn’t scream anymore. My voice had became hoarse and my throat raw. I slowly lowered my hands from my ears and opened my eyes, being forced to squint because of the suns light. She was still there, watching me. She seemed to have a slight look of concern and had moved slightly closer to me as well.

“You done screaming Dani?” she asked, her voice softer then before. 

I tried to nod, but all I managed was a slight raise of my head before letting it fall back down. I was utterly exhausted and drained from all the screaming I did. I was still shaking, but it was more subdued then before.

“Dani, you don’t need to keep hurting yourself. It’s what i’ve been trying to tell you for years. You didn’t need to try and carry the entire world on your back as punishment. You don’t need to constantly degrade and demonize yourself because of your guilt. You have amended the mistakes and healed the wounds you caused others in the past, and made them happy and joyful with your presence. If you had to pay a price, then you’ve paid it many times over at this point.”

Trying to fight back tears, I croaked out “B-but, i hurt you then. i’m still not a good person, even if the others forgave-”

“I forgive you Dani”

“Why? How? I hurt you. I hurt myself. I hurt myself so fucking much. How can you forgive me?” I said before bursting into tears, feeling them streak down my face and onto my legs. Then I felt a hand grab one of mine and give it a squeeze. a gentle, reassuring one. i looked, seeing her had holding mine Shocked, i stared at her, and she gave me a slight smile.

“Dani, maybe you did hurt me. Maybe your inability to forgive yourself and demonizing yourself did lead to hurting me as a result. Maybe pushing yourself to the point of collapse and utter exhaustion hurt me as well. Maybe all your self-destructive and self-hating habits hurt me. But I don’t hate you Dani. I know that you are a good person overall and that you didn’t hurt me intentionally. I forgive you entirely for any pain you have caused me.”

Hearing this, I felt something change inside me. Like a massive weight was lifted off of me. I felt so light. The feeling was weird, unnatural even. But it didn’t feel bad. it felt good. It felt amazing.

“So, you believe me when I say I forgive you Dani?” My clone said, still squeezing my hand.

I nodded, feeling like I had slightly more energy now. Then she stood up, pulling me up as well.  As she let go of my hand, I tried to walk, and my legs buckled, making me fall to the ground. My copy bent down and helped me back to my feet, with a worried look on her face.

“Dani, You want me to carry you to where we need to go? You could use the rest.”  she motioned over to a house far in the distance, something else I didn’t see when I was walking through this field before. I nodded, and she lifted me up into her arms,a nd she started walking to the house.

While she walked, I felt myself get more and more tired. Eventually, I felt myself start to drift off to sleep as we got closer and closer to the house. Just before I fell asleep. I heard my clone sigh, sounding relieved.

(I don't really write at all, so i'm sorry if this isn;t good or is too confusing at all >.>. I guess i can also explain what i tried to convey more clearly if someone wants me to)