     I woke up by a small town surrounded by dead landscape. I only had a shirt, shoes, and paper in my pocket. I took the paper out, and found $1,000, but they were foreign. I also found a note from Mr. Cervantes reading, "Este es el examen final."
     
"Well, this should be easier than my finals," I thought to myself. I started walking along the dilapidated concrete road, then I heard a vehicle. I looked over the hot tundra, only to find a truck with camouflage driving straight towards me. What set me off was, the men dressed in complete black with rifles aimed at me. I started running, but the group caught up to me. The men knocked me on the ground, speaking in Spanish. 

- Somos fuerzas especiales del estado de Coahuila. Qué haces en el territorio del cartel? 

Although I considered myself fluent in Spanish after taking Mr. Cervantes' classes, I had to ask them, "Why is this a poster's territory?"


Great, waking up again, at night, with three soldiers aiming their guns at me. At this point, I thought I would give up the facade. 
  
"Demandó que me lleven al consulado más cerca. Soy agente de -"

-Cállate, eres agente Americano, y nos mandaron a administrar el examen final. Te llevaremos al cartel. 

Great! I was still alive, for now. All I had to do was fake an exchange of drugs for money, while the joint forces waited for the green light. The forces dropped me off a mile from one of the cartel's bases. I walked the rest. 

I knocked on the door, awaiting a response. Nothing. I went to knock again, when *click*. A cocked gun was aimed to my head. 

Cervantes had me 

"Don't worry," he whispered, "I didn't fully debrief you." The door opened, and out came a man, covered in tattoos - the leader. Cervantes gave me a duffel bag. "I-- Yo quiero comprar armas de grado militar para la resistencia en Juárez." The man nodded, yanked the duffel bag away from me, and proceeded to a crate. 

- Mis hombres lo alistó. Tiene explosivos, drogas, y armas. No quiero que se dañe, o se muere tu familia, Juan Sánchez. O prefieres llamarte Jonathan Carter?

- He knows my name. No going back. I took the crate, Cervantes still aiming at me, and walked it towards the entrance. Then the signal came. *click* followed a a loud bang. Cervantes shot a blank at me, and my blood pouch blew out. I had been killed. 

It happened at once. Cervantes took the crate and put it near the leader. The men picked it up, moving it towards their truck. Cervantes ran and took cover, while the crate blew from the charge I put on it after I had fallen. The rest of the cartel group grabbed guns, yelling out orders. I got up, took out my handgun, and shot two rounds at the leader. He yelled out, and I realized I had hit him. The joint force dragged me out, and I searched for Cervantes.

After a while, the entire place was flooded with light. Armored trucks came to pick up the kingpin, and the DEA marked patrol car was waiting for me. As I walked towards the car, a man came running towards me. "Congratulations, you passed. Welcome to the team. It's a shame Cervantes couldn't be here to tell you yourself."

The leader had shot wildly after I wounded him and hit Cervantes on his head. I was had moved from his protégée to his replacement. 


*Although some of this may seem offensive to some readers, drug cartels are a problem in Mexico. There is a special forces in the Mexican state of Coahuila, but this story involving them is fictional. 

$1000 MXN is roughly worth $55.56 USD, as an exchange rate of $1 USD = $18 MXN.

 I do speak fluent Spanish natively, although my primary language is English. 

Coahuila, México is considered a somewhat safe state, with exception of a few cities. SOURCE: I was resided in Coahuila 2 weeks while I wrote this comment. 

Internet here is pretty slow. Might just be where I'm at. 

EDIT: Grammar and spelling 