My high school economics teacher had a saying; "Supply to the sky = demand to the land." For example, 80s baseball cards that virtually every middle aged man tried to sell at once in 2010 hoping to cash in on a high-value asset -turned into a litany of cards worth 5 cents when only a few collectors tried to buy.
 
Incidentally, I happen to have sole control of a very valuable asset.
 
When my sister told me her "blessing" was to turn any normal blanket into a zebra-print Snuggie, I had low expectations for my own "blessing." Initially, I was disappointed with my power too.
 
Being able to emanate peanut butter from your belly button is admittedly a grotesque ability. My mom made me promise that I would never tell anybody. I still haven't.
 
The thing is, this peanut butter is insanely delicious. Its texture is a bit smoother than the "original," but what makes it so special is the explosion of flavors contained within the aftertaste. Its chocolate-esque without tasting too sugary. Its fluffy but full of substance. I have never met a person who let this "special" peanut butter graze their lips without declaring it is the best taste in their life.
 
My first venture was too sell PB&Js to unsuspecting middle schoolers. On one hand, I spent a lot of time cramped into a bathroom stall with the smell of three-day-old pee seeping into my nostrils while I produced my product. On the other hand, I made $2,345 that semester alone.
 
Then, I sold it on Amazon. Sales started slowly but after a Guy Fieri endorsement my sales swiftly escalated me to a high rise apartment in Los Angeles.
 
Once I took it to an exclusive restaurant, I knew it was only a matter of time before I rose from a face lost in the crowd to a peanut butter mogul. Johnny Depp said Luke's PB-expérience sandwhiches were "tantalizingly delectable." Jennifer Aniston said something about how she could never take a break from the peanut butter brownies.
 
I saw my name pop up on twitter the other day with a few people mentioning I should run for governor. Hey, if a movie star could do it I'm sure a peanut putter tycoon could throw his hat in the ring.

Thanks for reading! Would appreciate some feedback!