I...had a lot of blood.

My mom had once said that it was my blessing. That while others would always have correct change for their meals, or always have the stray alley cats like them or never have pidgeon poop covering their verandas, I had a lot of blood. I would never bleed out if I got into an accident, I would never bruise easily, I would always have a good blood pressure...

It was small. A health perk. An idle blessing that was a background element in my life, and little else.

That is, until the accident. I was fine, of course. The gash in my leg was bleeding profusely, but I was no worse for wear. I'd been in the back seat with three of my friends, on a camping road trip when the logging truck infront of us had lost it's cargo- causing the stacked logs to slide back and onto the road. We'd been far enough to avoid having those damn logs ram into our tiny little smart car, but we did turn into the guard rails next to the narrow mountain path, with those rolling logs hitting us side long rather than head on, denting the drivers side of the door so badly that neither myself or my friend upfront could get out.

I was fine. Just a cut on my leg and on my cheek from the flying glass, but the friend who'd been driving was...

It was horrifying.

He had passed out, slouched against the chair with his leg caught between the crushed inner mechanics of the drivers seat. He was bleeding as much as I was, which was hard to believe considering that his 'blessing' was always having a strong cellphone connection.

It felt like hours for EMT to make it to us, and bh the time they got there, he was awake and trying his hardest not to pass out again from the pain of what would inevitably be an amputated leg.

They air lifted him and I together, but he was loosing blood fast. As soon as they had pulled apart the wreakage, what few clots he managed to form were torn away. He had minutes, if that.

It came as a split second decision. "Hook me up, take my blood!"

"Are you compatible?" The emt asked.

"Who cares?! He's dead if he doesn't get blood soon and if there's even a fraction of a chance that mine will help him, then take it!!"

There was arguing, but I couldn't tell you most of it. Somehow, I convinced them and they put a needle in me and into him. I never felt a second of pain or wooziness despite the emt constantly asking if I was alright to continue.

We made it to the hospital. I felt fine. My friend was run into the emergency room.

The doctors asked about what I did, and they decided to test me.

I was a universal donor, as well as a medical miracle. My blood could be taken by anyone, and I had more than enough to spare.

So, a new chapter in my life began. Every day, from 7 AM in the morning to 9 at night, I was hooked up to five IV drips and sat on a big, plush chair that was essentially ny throne. Six needles in both my arms, six needles in my legs, and one needle in the back of my neck to give me a mild pain reliever and muscle relaxant so I could bear doing essentially nothing for several hours a day.

They would have liked to have me going 24 hours a day if I'd allowed it.

But now, I'm the savior of thousands, if not millions of lives all over the world. My blood is the greatest discovery of my life, my greatest achivement, helping all these people survive their surgeries, their births. They come to me, tears in their eyes, grateful and humble, speaking languages I've never heard of before.

I've forgotten the name of that old friend of mine. It's been years. I haven't moved from my throne in decades. I'm 98 years old and dying. I've just signed off on my last will and testament.

My body will be kept alive, my blood will continue to be pumped from my braid dead body indefinitely.

My thone will become my tomb as I slowly waste away, and once I am gone for good, my death will echo through history, followed by throngs of tearful worshipers, grateful for their long lives and whispering my name with every prayer.