The year is 2050, 16 years after the aliens attacked, I was only a baby when it happened but I clearly remember my family, being ripped from our car and being eaten. Now at the age of 18 those memories of them mean nothing my only goal is to stop the aliens once and for all, the only thing being is that I have never seen the aliens at all until today. Even when I was attacked I never saw them, I didn't even see my parents really and its been far to long to remember what they look like. My current family and I live on a ship that is cut off from the world until we come of age to fight. Today on my birthday was my day when it was my time to leave I noticed that all the other young recruits looked different than me, and it occurred that we all came from different places when they attacked and like me were brought aboard the ship. Upon are farewells to my family I left the ship and set out to kill, I managed to kill many of the aliens that plagued are world, the whole entire time wondering that they were to easy to kill. After Killing the last one in my quadrant I looked at the alien to see what they looked like. Upon observing it I noticed they weren't scary at all and that they seemed week. After my assumption as I was walking away I saw the movement of another alien in the corner of my eye. When I turned around it turned around to, it suprised me to see that it was wearing everything I was wearing except opposite, as I looked closer I noticed that it was a strange thin material on a wall with Photos on it, upon further investigation it occurred to me that the alien was me. Being confused I looked at the pictures and noticed that they were all aliens that looked exactly like me one including the date 4/23/2033, one year before the attack. It puzzled me as to why it would be there, then I thought what if I am apart of them and we're weren't actually the aliens. Upon realizing this I realized I killed off the last of my kind thinking that I was actually killing the virus but instead I was killing the host.

F.I.N


Some random shit off the top of my head, yes my English is shit don't judge me plz, tell me what you thought of my first ever free response on Reddit.[:)](http://i.imgur.com/oMl7ywJ.png)