It was a bad day at Forever 21. 

The first sign of trouble was in the activewear section where little maggots started slithering from the seams of the Capri leggings a fourteen-year-old girl named Stacy was trying to squeeze into. She let out a shriek, then had to clamp her mouth closed as a swarm of locusts began to circle around her. She opened the door to her stall to reach for help, but the second the dressing room attendent saw the hundreds of fluttering wings she fled. 

Within minutes, there was chaos. Mini cyclones swept away half the swimsuit section, most of the staff and customers broke out in boils, and an entire line of poly-rayon blend lingerie spontaneously combusted. 

Of course, Lindsey had no idea what was happening. She was in the break room trying to figure out what happened to a shipment of boho tunics that was supposed to be this week’s window display. It was only her second week as shift supervisor, but she planned to use every bit of knowledge she had soaked up in her 19 years of life to be the best damn shift supervise Store #522 had ever seen. But this missing shipment was a crux in her plan. The regional manager was visiting tomorrow and expected perfectly run store. Missing the latest display was not going to look good. 

Just as she was contemplating biting the bullet and calling her manager to get ahead of things, there was a knock at the breakroom door. Kimmy, a cashier in her mid teens, was there. She was shaking. *Great*, Lindsey thought. *Another breakdown.* It wasn’t uncommon for the younger workers to break under the pressure of actually having responsibility for once. 

“Let me guess. Grumpy customer?” Lindsey asked, since Kimmy seemed too spooked to speak. Kimmy nodded. 

“Sort of. They want to... speak to a manager, I guess.”

Lindsey smiled. This, at least, she was good at. 

She follows Kimmy out to the accessories department, not noticing the flaming brassieres because she was distracted by the giant glowing winged man in front of her. 

“Hi there, I’m the shift supervisor Lindsey. How can I help you?”

“I AM THE VOICE OF HE THAT IS.”

“Great, and what can I do for you?”

“YOU HAVE BROKEN THE MOST SACRED OF COMMANDS FROM OUR LORD. HERE GATHER SLATTERNS WHO WEAR CLOTHING OF TWO DIFFERENT FABRICS.”

“Yes, we’re quiet proud of our various lines of poly blends. The provide affordable fashion that’s easy to care for...”

“ENOUGH. I MUST SPEAK TO THE LEADER.”

“As I said, I’m shift supervisor, but if you’d like more information I can get you in touch with corporate.”

Kimmy nudged Lindsey. “I don’t think he knows what corporate is. He’s here to... what was that you said about sinners?”

“SMITE THE SINNERS WHO HAVE STRAYED FROM THE WAY OF OUR LORD.”

“Right, that part,” Kimmy said. A girl whose stretch denim jeans were afire came running down the aisle, but Lindsey wasn’t going to miss a beat. 

“Well, you’ll be happy to know that we’re a family-owned chain of practicing Christians. We’ve got John 3:16 right there on every bag.”

“WHAT?”

Lindsey grabbed a bag from behind check out and held it up grinning. “See? Right there.”

The winged man stroked his chin. The first borns in the building were starting to drop off from an accelerated bubonic plague when he finally said, “WELL THAT CHANGES EVERYTHING.” He snapped his fingers. The fires and boils were gone, and any first born who hadn’t already kicked it was miraculously cure. “SORRY TO BOTHER YOU. CARRY ON, GOOD LAMBS.” And then he was gone. 

“See?” Lindsey said, turning to Kimmy. “Like I always say, you just gotta kill them with kindness.” Now if only she could find that shipment. 