Fuck… it happened again. Not that I should be surprised. I’ve died more ways and more times than I can count. It never gets easier and although its never totally unexpected, it can be surprising sometimes. Take the last time I died for example; I was a hardworking 43 year old ironworker. A father of 2 with one on the way. I worked my ass off to make a life for my family and didn’t do anything considered “risky” outside of my job. Driving home from work, on my wife’s birthday no less, my truck rolls and I get thrown because I stopped for gas and didn’t put my seatbelt back on. Or this other time when I was an 8 year old girl who fell from a tree and died slowly of a punctured lung, perforated bowel and sepsis. It hurts to die, even when you die “peacefully” in your sleep as someone’s 99 year old great grandmother at home in their bed, surrounded by family. Dying doesn’t get easier either… no matter how many times you do it. And boy have I done it. I don’t remember ever making the deal with him. The deal that I’ve spent the past few centuries regretting ever making. If I could go back, I would. I only know about it because he  pops by every so often to remind me that I wanted immortality. That I shouldn’t complain because its what I asked for. it’s a very fuzzy memory of the circumstances but I vaguely remember being led to my death by some king or possibly a warlord for treason and wishing for immortality. The “when” of those circumstances is gone… just like other pieces of who I was and who I have been since that day. Its always the same too… I die, my soul gets ripped from my body. The pain is excruciating. I feel like I’m being disintegrated, deconstructed atom by atom and then recreated all at once. Its too much pain and sensation all at once that I don’t ever remember the exact moment of awakening, but I always do, and its always painful then too. I open my eyes and scream and cry my little eyes out, and it always rouses the adults who are suddenly my caretakers. I only wish I could stop this horrible way of existence but I can’t. I’ve tried time and time again and every time, I wake up… 5 years old, screaming, crying and mourning the death that I know that I’ll never have. 

(edit to correct a pronoun)