Surely they can't,as they found you would trun back the time to day22 after reminded who you are and waht you did last night to forget that you did to save   your daugthter from Satan.

You get a deal with Satan,as your husband was killed at September 21's morning，all you wanted was his survive.Satan made a promise that you could try as much as you want to save the man's life.

The first time,you did it,you followed him and you two go to supermarket together after he found you.You think it was very easy before you found your daughter's body in your swimming pool.

The second time,you bring her with you all day along,and your husband didn't go to work because you told him you were sick.You hold your daughter so tightly that she cried loudly,your husband tried to make you loose your arm but faild.He was such angry that can't control his strengh.The kid's arm was broken when you and your husband argued.When you prepared to go to hospital,your husband put your daughter in the car.The car suddendly burned,you heard the scream of your family,passed out.
The thied time……
The fourth time……
You tried again and again.ALL FAILD. You husband'life is incompatible with your daught's life. You can't save them at same time.
At last,you tried nothing but just destoried all the things you can see and begged Satan to stop this deal.
He refused.“I think,devil have it's own duty to make sure all sinners are happy to made the deal.”He yold you,“If you want to stop the deal,you should destory this world out and out as if the building can't build on the air.”
“The world will disapper with the one you love. All your gloominess will go,too.”
“Is it fair？”
You thought it was a good deal to solve the question,so every time you trun back the time you did everything you can do to kill,to destory,to be curel enough to do these things.
People stopped you and bring you to the hospital. They want to know what made you be such a mad hormicidal insanity.
It was love.
You can't remeber at first.But your daughter comes and cried about her father's death.“I want to see him again.”She cried,“Mommy, I want to go to his house and see him right now.”
And then, you find she has a beautiful face,just like Satan.
She is the daughter of you and Satan.
Your life, is just a toy of your daughter and husband.
So this time,when you stand in your house at September 21,you killed your daughter at first. And then your heartbroken husband.
You smiled,as you beat the devil successfully. You haven't realized that you can't trun back the time.
You had already destory the whole world of you,and you won't have another chance to save it.
At the same time,at a place you can't see,Satan ask a man a question,“Do you want to know why your wife did this？”
“Do you want to save your wife and daughter？”