My place wasn't the sort of place you heard about, or the type of place that you looked for. No, my place was the place you stumbled across, like that one cheap restaurant by the liquor store that has really good chicken wings. Only, mine served beer, ale, mead, wine and the occasional suckling boar.

I was the only barmaid in existence who could accurately describe C'thulu. I've met God's and served Jesus. I couldn't even begin to tell you how much he bitches about humanity twisting his teachings once he gets about five or so cups of 'water' in him.

So, imagine my surprise when someone so entirely alien came in. Someone so painfully out of the usual criteria, that nearly every raucous voice in the bar went quiet as the bell above the door rang as it opened.

A human. Not even a monk that made Buddha status or a saint or even a martyr, but a regular, everyday, living and breathing human man.

He walked up to me at the bar, and seemed to be painfully aware of the silence he caused. "I...I'm sorry, I was just a little...lost. I was wondering if you could point me to the Central Hotel? Or perhaps call a cab? My phones died and I'm not from the area..."

"Lost? Boy, you are making something of an understatement." I can't help but smile a little, amused by the tiny thing before me. Such a creature lived so short a life, and yet...yet it could impact so much. How he had come through that door and entered this plane of non-reality without losing his mind, I had no idea. "Where you from? Is that a Canadian accent I hear?"

"Y-yes! Usually, most mistake me for an American. It gets mildly annoying sometimes. I'm here for my sister's wedding, God knows why she had to have it all the way in France...wait, how are you speaking perfect english? This is-"

"Toto, I don't think we're in Paris anymore." I said with a smile. "Sit, Sit!" I invited the human, snapping my fingers and sending the entirety of the bar's patrons away with a woosh. Little known fact; as the only bar catering to unholy abominations and divine beings alike, I could toss out the entirety of Earths many Pantheons with little to no complaints. Where else would they get their drinks from? Dionysus wasn't exactly up to squashing grapes for wine anymore.

"I...uhh..." he looked around, confused and unsure. I wasn't exactly sure what he saw with his limited ability to see, but it may have been far more mundane. "Sure...?" He said, scootching his butt onto the bar stool. 

"Lemme give you a deal, human. I'll give you as many free drinks as you want, and you let me question you." I offer with a smile.

"I'm not really much of a drinker..."

"I never said you'd get drunk." I tell him with a slight roll of my eyes. I reach for a glass, and set it down in front of him. I tap on the edge, and it filled with a syrupy, golden liquid. "Behold, necter."

"Huh...near trick, lady. What, you've got a pump under the cup?" He asked, sounding impressed as he lifted the cup and felt the flat underside of it, then sliding his hand over the smooth surface. 

"Well, if God necter isn't your style, how about some of Valhalla's mead? You don't even have to die to get it." I suggest, taking the glass from his hand and tossing it into the air. The glass came back down and landed perfectly, having turned into a crystal chalice. The pale yellow liquid poured in from above our headz after the glass landed, a perfect glass.

"I...oh my God, where the hell am I?" He taped, staring at the cup.

"Well, for that I suggest..." I sigh, taking the chalice and smooshing it into the counter, the glass collapsing under my hand like rubber. I lifted my hand and s green martini had replaced Valhalla's mead. "An Appletini of Eden, made from the Forbidden Fruit of the Tree of Knowledge. Sinfully delicious." I conclude, pushing it across the counter to set it before him.

"I...I'm dreaming. You...you're Satan, tempting me with the apple..." he laughed nervously, sliding off of the bar stool. "I'm probably drunk in some alley beside a church...I...I..."

"If Eve, the purest of humanity, handmade by God, couldn't resist the Apple, what makes you think you can? You're a random, a mess of DNA thrown together by a Millenia of breeding. Besides, aren't you going to hell regardless? You can learn everything if you just give it a shot..." I hum, leaning over the counter. "It's a one time offer. You could walk back out that door and never again find this place. You happened upon here by accident, some fluke of time and space...come on, please? I just want a few answers before you learn everything. I just /love/ how simple you are..."

He laughed, deep and reverberating. "I'm...I'm not here." He decided, turning his back to me and about to grab the doorknob. "I'm asleep somewhere, I know it..."

I gently tip the glass to one side, a drip of vibrant green liquid slides down the angled glass. Almost instantly, as if on instinct, he freezes. "You're Christian. You were raised on the Eden story..." I observe. "But...you're remarkably unaware. I've met Adam and Eve. They're divorced now, you know. Adam got back with his ex-wife Lillith, I guess something about a dominatrix demon just get a his engine running more than the poor little innocent...even if that poor little innocent is coming in five times a week getting blasted on appletini's and getting all up in aprodities' panties."

"You're lying. I know your lying." He says, voice wavering only slightly. 

"Fine. Go right ahead." I hummed, taking the Apple slice from the Appletini and drinking it all in one swallow. I raised the Apple slice to my lips, about to eat it.

As if he was a man possessed, he turned and ran to me, hopping up onto the counter and landing on his knees. He grabbed hold of my head, forced my chin up and kissed me. He took the Apple slice from my mouth, his tongue pressed incessantly at my lips, that same tongue running over my teeth and tongue, lapping up the taste he hadn't been able to actually have.

He released me, breathing heavily. "Damn you...damn you to hell..."

I smirk. "I think I'll be fine. I know all the gate keepers."