She was the fifth one in as many decades.

I had killed so many by this point they were mostly a blur - men, women, two-souls, so many varieties of soul mates that it seemed the gods were trying so hard to make me happy.

Only one thing made me happy - eternal youth and life. For that, she had to die.

I approached her in the coffee shop I had found her in as one would a farm animal unaware of its ultimate fate, and I could feel the gears of life grinding awake as the mechanisms of aging began anew.

"Hello, miss...?"

"Natalie Henshaw, and you?" she replied, her voice quivering with delight. She felt it too, the signs of soul-bonding, the Machinery of Life wakening within her.

I smiled, the same sad smile I always had.

"Henry David Jones, Jr."

She looked at me intensely, trying to glean information about me through sheer force of gaze, but the centuries had petrified my personality into a hard shell.

"You can feel it too, can't you?"

I nodded.

"I'm looking forward to getting to know you," she said, with a hunger I was surprised at. Generally my soulmates were timid, shy creatures, beautiful, pure, and naive. This Natalie seemed far less so.

"Let's leave this place and go somewhere more... private," I suggested, with a practiced confidence and ease. We left with our drinks in hand, walking down Jasper Avenue toward the funicular into the valley. It was a beautiful bright day out, leafy trees shading the middle of the street, sidewalks bustling with crowds.

"I feel so lucky, you know. None of my friends have found their soulmates yet, and here I am, with such a handsome young man, and only into my fifth decade!"

"Looks can be deceiving you know, but I don't think I'm too much older than you," I said, knowing I had in fact centuries on her.

I smiled along with the conversation as we made our way into the river valley, and with it ever closer to the small underground space I had made just for her.

"Come this way, I know an amazing spot to spend the afternoon," I said. I navigated the trails of the river valley and brought her to a deserted, secluded beach. The river was not fit for swimming, but the beach was beautiful and it was hidden from all sides.

She smiled at me wickedly when I turned to face her, and then I felt a sharp pain in my belly. I looked down and he hand was gripping the most unusual weapon, its design ancient and unnervingly beautiful. She looked at me with pity, as had so many times before myself.

"I'm sorry that you have to pay the price for me, but I don't want to age. You understand," she said.

I did.