Death had come for a visit again. It had turned into quite a nuisance.

“Look, Carla, I’m just saying that immortality is going to be quite a pain. Like, literally. Have you thought this through? You are going to stay young and live forever, which means getting period cramps every month, for the rest of eternity. The rest of eternity. Have you considered that?”

Carla looked up from her book. “I have to say that you almost got me with that one, Death”.

Death was going to raise an arm in a victorious sign, and then realized what she had just said. “Come on! Not even when faced with eternal torture?”

“I’m sure medicine will improve so much in the next few years that it won’t be a problem” she smiled. “Or I could just have my ovaries extracted. It’s not like I’m planning on having kids, anyway”.

“Yeah, like not having hormones is going to make it any better. Look, Carla, I’m just saying this for your own good. You are not the first one to discover the formula of immortality, and you will probably not be the last one. Eventually, you will beg for me to come to take you to the other side” Death explained. “Methuselah did”.

“That guy in the first part of the Bible?” Carla asked with curiosity.

Death did a gesture of rolling its eyes (a weird thing to see in a skull with no meat or organs on it). “Of course it wasn’t that one! What are the chances? It’s just that you humans assume that same name, same person” Death sighed (also a weird sight). “Anyway, I’m not going to get tired of repeating this: you are going to regret this. Everyone, literally everyone is eventually going to die, and you are going to be left alone in this universe, Carla”.

“But Death, if I were to die, too, you would have no work to do, and thus you would become unemployed! I’m just acting as a job security for you” she said.

Apparently, Death had not thought about a response for that. After staying silent for a while, Death cursed, and disappeared. Carla went back to her reading her tissue engineering books. She had all of eternity, so she had plenty of time. Science would provide entertainment for a long time, she thought.

Death visited her many times in the next hundreds years. One time, Death decided to ask a question.

“Why are you doing this, Carla?”

She stopped building her gadget, and turned to talk with Death. “I guess I do it because it’s fun”.

“But doesn’t the fun end? Your family and old friends have died. None of the people from your time are around anymore” Death responded.

“You are the proof that there is an afterlife of some sort, Death” Carla responded. “So I guess dying is probably not that bad of a thing. At least, it doesn’t make me sad that my old friends and family have died” she explained.

“But what keeps you going? You should be bored by now!”

Carla smiled. “There are so many things that keep me going! Humanity always finds new ways to do art. Technology and science keep evolving, and I keep making new and interesting friends. Immortality is a true blessing”.

“But what will happen when humanity eventually ends? Current physics trends speak of a thermodynamic death of the universe” Death argued.

“I didn’t know that you knew astrophysics” Carla commented. “But I hadn’t thought about that… It’s truly troubling”.

Carla looked around the spaceship that she was travelling in. She decided to make a test. “This is going to be kind of crazy… But I’m going to crash land in that planet over there” she said.

“Wait, what?” Death seemed alarmed.

She wrote a few commands, and the spaceships accelerated towards the planet’s surface. It was bound to crash at an incredible speed, something impossible to survive for any mortal… But of course, Carla could choose not to die. The spaceship shattered against the ground, hitting the rock with great strength. Carla could only see fire around her.

Then, reality suddenly reset. Carla was in her spaceship, which had landed on the planet safely. Death stared at her with an open mouth.

“You’re nuts”.

“I know that I am” Carla laughed. “But I can’t die, either. It’s turned into a rule for this universe.  If I am at risk of death, but I don’t want to die, then all rules of physics are broken and the universe reconfigures around my desire to live. So the universe can’t die unless I choose to die” she concluded.

“That’s a bit far-fetched” Death replied.

“It is, but immortality is, too” Carla agreed.

“So, what now?” Death asked.

“I think I’m going to keep living adventures. Explore the galaxy, see how civilization develops, learn more science, read more books… Maybe I can meet some alien species! And if I ever get bored from all of this, I’ll embrace death” she said.

“God, I guess I won’t have another option but to follow you wherever you go”.

“Come on, after 1,000 years, you have to admit that you actually enjoy these adventures” Carla teased Death.

Death smiled, the only way a skull could smile. And then it laughed. “Yes, I do”.