"You shouldn't be able to see me." 

During the last 6 months, I had been building my courage to talk to her. I remember seeing her for the first time, already standing awkwardly in the middle of the always so crowded bus trying to avoid making contact with anyone. I had been imagining all the possible scenarios if I was to talk to her during this time. Well, let's be honest: I had imagined a lot more than that with her in the last 6 months, but her response today was not part of any of these scenarios. It felt like the crowded bus had went completely silent as she looked at me with her eyes wide opened, waiting for me to answer.

"What... what do you mean I shouldn't be able to see you?" I asked with a nervous laugh.

"Do you know who I am?" 

"I'm sorry... Am I supposed to know you?"

I started noticing that people were looking at her in a very strange way, and she was seeing it too.

"You should stay away from me. I don't want to talk sorry."

"Yeah, ok ... Sorry about that." Now I understood. She got nervous and didn't want anything to do with me so she invented that weird excuse. I started going through the people to walk away from her and stand somewhere else in the bus. Good thing I had been waiting for so many months to talk to her... What was I thinking anyway? I'm not that kind of guy and she was way too good looking to save me from my lonely and uninteresting life. She was just different from all the people in that bus, I felt connected to her almost like a familiar and reassuring feeling. I had seen her looking at me many times, and I thought... Now I know how stupid I was, she was probably looking at someone else in that crowded bus.

As I reached the end of the bus to stand in front of the last door, a real silence surrounded me. I looked outside and realised the bus wasn't moving anymore even though I never felt it slowing down. The snowflakes had stopped mid air and everyone outside seemed to be standing like frozen in time. 

"Can you really see me David?"

Her voice made me jump. I did not hear her coming closer to me. Everyone in the bus had disappeared and we were left completely alone. I could see tears in her eyes and yet she was smiling.

"What is happening? I don't understand..." I asked as I could feel myself being more and more nervous. How come time had stopped? Where did all the people go? How did she even know my name? I must have been dreaming.

"David... They told me I could talk to you. We weren't sure because you've never shown any attention to me so everyone got surprised when you talked to me this time. But they said it was ok, they said I could try if I wanted to."

"Who are you talking about?" 

"It's me David, it's Julie. And this is not real life I'm afraid. In the real world, you suffered a car accident 6 months ago." Her tears were now too much to hold and were dripping down with each word. "You... You are in a coma David, and in the real world I'm sitting next to your hospital's bed right now. The doctors don't know if you were hurt only physically or if your brain suffered too much in the accident. We needed to know if I should wait for you to wake up one day or if we should just let you go."

"Let me go? But what are we doing here? Who are you?" I could feel my voice breaking. I tried to remember the last 6 months and all that came were these morning bus rides, with the same people in it and the same girl I wanted to talk to more and more. 

"I'm Julie, your wife. The doctors proposed to start a simulation to test your brain after the accident and help me know if you would ever come back from your coma. Everyone else in this bus with us were just the programs picking up signals and sending me alerts if doctors needed to talk to me. I couldn't resist coming back everyday to see you in this bus after we got the confirmation that your brain was fully working. But you were not supposed to see me David..."

Her words started to make more and more sense to me and flashes of us together started appearing in my memory.

"David." She took my hands. "The doctors said that the fact that you noticed me more and more meant that your conciousness had been slowly moving to the simulation. Your memory is moving away from the real world to here." She lifted my hands to her face. I could feel her tears rolling along my skin.

"What do you mean Julie?" I asked with a trembling voice as I knew clearly who she was now.

"You're dying right now in real life David. The doctors said your consciousness is trying to find a way to survive but this is just a simulation and it will end in a few minutes. You decided to approach me now because you're almost fully in here. I'm so glad they told me it was okay to talk to you, because I want you to know that I love you more than anything and I'll miss you for the rest of my life David."

"I love you too Julie." Everything made sense now, all my subconscious must have had arrived in the simulation. I was gone from real life. As both of us were crying, we started kissing. I closed my eyes and kissed her with everything I had. As I opened my eyes again, I was surrounded by darkness. My body was slowly disappearing and all the memories from my life were flashing before me.

Goodbye Julie. 