*Record turnout at Victory Day Parade*

The headline caught Kurt's attention.  He'd been there and it had felt like a big crowd, but you could never tell from inside the crowd itself.

His parents still refused to attend, but that was no surprise, they'd fought on the losing side.  He'd given up on challenging them about whether their lives were better now.  They refused to acknowledge how much easier life was now.  Everyone had more time off, more luxury goods, bigger homes.  And let's not forget all the new technology, medical advances, and so-on.

Kurt was too young to actually remember the war.  To him, it wasn't a foreign flag flying over the government buildings, it was the same one he'd always known.

He had seen pictures though.  Lots of pictures.  It was part of his job.  He combed the old photos looking for things that might be coming back into style, passing the best ones onto the designers.  It was Anna Mueller who got the credit, but he was the one who found the great photos of men in gilets and passed it on to her.

The clear thing in the photos was the poverty.  People's skin had more blemishes.  They wore clothing that hat was badly worn.  They often looked malnourished.  And the dirt.  Dirt was everywhere.  It must just have been a part of life back then. Nobody would have been able to follow the modern fashion of wearing a brand new, crisp, white shirt every day.  It would just get too dirty too quickly.  These days if you snagged your shirt on something, you threw away the shirt and bought a new one.  Even the poorest could afford to buy new clothing.

The soft chime reminded him his break was over, so Kurt went back to work.  Hunting for a new look for wealthy, active men.  He flipped through the photos, his mind wandering.  Wait, what was that?  He flipped back to a photo he'd dismissed.  It wasn't the man in the foreground who'd caught his attention, it was one reclining happily behind him.  He was dressed in much the same style as the other men: a pipe, an expensive watch, a well cut suit, but there was no mistaking it.  His skin was black.

What was a slave doing in a rich man's suit?  Surely even an animal like that  knew that being caught with clothing on his torso was to be whipped to death.  But, why was nobody else in the picture bothered?  In fact, the man next to him seemed to be laughing with him at some joke.

Kurt looked up the source of the photo.  It was apparently a magazine spread from 12 years before the war.  He downloaded the magazine from the archive and started flipping through it.  He found the article in question, but most of the photos weren't loading.  Instead they showed a red X mark.  There were a few other photos featuring only the English men, but only that one image of a slave.

Duncan might know.  Maybe this was a publicity stunt, or maybe it was meant to shock people.  Duncan was the oldest man in the office, and had actually been alive during the war.  His experience often gave him a unique perspective on things, even if he did have some funny ideas.

Kurt brought the photo over to Duncan and showed it to him, asking if he could fill him in on any of the details.  Duncan's reaction was swift.  He covered the photo and went white as a shirt.

"Look Kurt, don't show anyone else that photo.  You never saw it.  I never saw it.  Just move on."  Duncan whispered to Kurt, looking around to see if anybody was watching them.

"But why?  I don't --"

"The censors must have missed it.  It can't do anything but cause us problems.  Just forget you ever saw the photo and move on.  Now, get back to your desk!"

Censors?  He'd heard of them, but they only monitored the news for unintentional mistakes that might upset people.  Why would they be involved in old photographs?

Kurt was still mulling the situation when he got home.  He had his slaves draw him a bath and throw out his clothing.  He tried to imagine one of them in a suit and couldn't do it.  The idea was ridiculous.  It must have been a publicity stunt.  That's why the censors had removed the other photos, they weren't sure people would understand the joke.  Kurt chuckled to himself.

Funny that Duncan, he mostly had a good sense of humour too.  Sure, the joke was in bad taste, but there was no reason for him to get upset.

As Kurt drifted off to sleep, he thought again about the Victory Day parade.  Life really was great.  What could his parents possibly have been thinking, fighting on the wrong side?
