You're on your way to the gym when you saw an unmistakably familiar face. Especially one that's been uh, occupying your dreams pretty often. In a, really romantic way. Also, you're definitely going to try and woo them. Exactly. Like the dreams. Step by step. 

You're pretty sure you definitely know the way to their heart. You were best friends, once. 

You paused mid step into entering the gym, twirled around and zoned in to your old friend. 

"Sam!" You grin and gaze into their startlingly bright and wide shocked green eyes. "Can't believe you're in the city! Thought you moved for good! Are you visiting?" 

"Jay." Sam blinks owlishly at you. "Didn't realise you never moved either, how long has it been? A year now?"

You shake your head with a wry smile. "Two years and a half now. So, hey, my boxing class actually starts in 10 minutes...." You trailed off, chewing your lip. You smirk smugly internally as you notice their eyes zone into your mouth. Easy, hook, line, and sinker. "This must be fate, I've seen you in my dreams quite often the past few weeks. It started with me bumping into you like this actually..."

"Uh," Sam stutters. You've never heard them stutter before. Weird. They're... slowly but surely turning into a tomato too. Also, they're inching backwards. "Wow... Sorry, I don't think I can follow you to gym..."

You blink. You didn't mention that part yet. You were getting there though...

Eyes wide open, you gape at them. "Wait, Sam. Did you have the same dreams...?"

As if they just realised what they just slipped up, they bolted. 

You cursed. "Wait! Sam! Let's talk, we can totally make ham night a thing!" 

Thirty minutes later, you had Sam in the locker room just like you had them in your dream. 

...No one else is in the locker room because it's class time and you're sort of missing out on it right now. 

But it's so worth it. 

Your fingers are gripping Sam's curly raven hair tightly. Their hands are exploring your back leaving scratch marks that tingle your spine in the most _delicious_ ways and... 

Well, the rest is pretty private. 


