One man's trash is another man's treasure.

That was something my father used to tell me when I asked him why we ran a shop that would purchase anything from anyone. He always said that no matter how useless an item may seem, it might just be the most important thing in the world to someone else. He'd boast that since we were the only people in town foolish enough to buy everything, then everyone just knew where to go to find anything. He wasn't wrong; the shop practically ran itself, some days customers would come in looking to buy something we'd bought only the day before. Our shelves were filled with mismatched tableware, semi-broken tools and items we simply referred to as a, "whatchamacallit", because we never could figure out their names.

Now the shelves are lined with dragon scales and magical scrolls. Along the walls lie the ornate swords of forgotten kings, rune-etched hammers of Dwarven barbarians, and even a sword made entirely of bone. Adventurers come from far and wide to sell me the spoils of their latest undertakings. They defile a royal crypt or two and pawn the possessions of the dead off upon my counter. Every morning I come downstairs to dust off priceless artifacts in a store my fellow townspeople are too afraid to visit anymore. Perhaps they're right to be afraid of my store. I'm certain at least one of these items is cursed. I'm betting it's that bone sword.

The legendary weapons and armors from the tales of my youth now litter my shop, and with them came the horrible realization that my new patrons are little more than thieves, taking the relics of other towns and races and discarding them when some new source of power comes their way. They've made little progress in actually stopping the Dark Lord ever since he took over the kingdom. Their attention is instead directed to more and more 'side quests' to acquire power. If the gods were fair and just, both the Dark Lord and these self-righteous bandits would kill each other off, but the gods are never fair and just. If they were we wouldn't be suffering the whims of the both our conqueror and our 'saviors'.

As the door swings upon, I look up to find the faces of my childhood nightmares filing into my store. Orcs, goblins, dark elves and even a lich shuffle in, awkwardly trying not to bump into any of the powerful artifacts scattered around the shop. The looks of reverence on some of their faces almost hurts me as they look around and see that my shop has become the unceremonious resting place of so many of their once beloved relics. I knock a few times on the top of my counter in order to draw their attention away from their hallowed items. 

"It's perfectly understandable to be in awe of the items around you. Many of you have probably believed these weapons and armors to simply be the stuff of legend. I assure you however, they are very real, and before the day is done you will be able to bring these items home", I had to hold back a smile, what should be the start of a revolution sounds like little more than a sales pitch, "we have all lost something, whether it was to the Dark Lord and his Hellriders, or to the selfish adventurers who promised to end his cruel reign". I could not tell if their pained expressions were from memories of the Dark Lord's rise, the heroes' quests, or some combination of both, but I knew one thing was certain; they wanted an end to this, and there was no doubt they'd agree to my offer.

"What do you get in return for all of this?" an Orc at the back asked, "when your message arrived, you promised to return our artifacts to us at no cost, so what do you stand to gain". Everyone turned to him, and then back to me, carefully listening to what I had to say in hopes of spotting some elaborate catch. 

"I just want peace, a return to a normal life. You've seen my town. No one around me can buy these weapons, and what would I even begin to do with them? I'm not strong enough to wield them, and thanks to those 'heroes' forcing me to purchase everything they bring my way, I cannot afford to leave this town much less fund an army of my own for what I'm asking. Consider this a trade; you get back what was stolen from all of you, and I get to sleep in a world that has one less Dark Lord and five less adventurers". The crowded shop broke into a series of hushed whispers as they looked around and back at me.

"I'm in", the soft voice of a young woman managed to cut through the murmurs. The dark elf it belonged to walked over to the back wall to pick up a weapon , "I've really missed my old bone sword". After she armed herself and made her way to the door, everyone else proceeded to do the same. I didn't need to say another word, one by one, everyone picked up an item or two, and made their way out of my shop.

The shop was practically running itself again.