 Ryoto grimaced into the side mirror as he changed lanes. Sumire, beautiful Sumire, angelic Sumire; she had walked away from him. No, she had *fled*. He just wanted to show her the love he knew was the truest and purest any love could be. He didn’t understand; she loved him too. She did, didn’t she?

They all had. They all had loved him. He knew they did. He had loved them all, too. It was the truest and purest of love, until it wasn’t. He hated them. All of them. Those beautiful women.

The woman in the car next to him *wasn’t* Sumire. She looked quite a lot like Sumire. The way her hair was tied back in a tight tail, the way her bangs fell squarely above her eyes, the shape of her jaw and the way that sweater covered her shoulders… she wasn’t Sumire, but he could love her. She had asked him for directions to the train station. She loved him, he was sure. Maybe he could love her. Maybe it would make Sumire jealous. He had offered her a ride.

He smiled. He slowed down to make a left onto the road that led into the mountains. He checked the roadside mirror to make sure nothing was coming around the bend, and up they went.

“Is this the way to the train station?” she asked. Her voice stirred something in his chest, in his hands.

“Yes,” he said. “I’m afraid the road is a bit roundabout for cars. Still quicker to drive than to walk.”

The road narrowed considerably as Ryoto accelerated up the incline. These old roads hadn’t changed much since cars had been introduced to Japan. He’d heard that a lot of countries in Europe had the same problem. He’d like to visit them someday. Maybe he’d take Sumire. Maybe he’d take…

“What’s your name?” he asked, as innocently as he could. The woman glanced at him, hesitantly. How demure. Was she shy? He liked shy girls.

But she didn’t answer.

The road twisted and turned sharply up the mountainside. The single lane occasionally widened into one-and-a-half lanes, into two, then narrowed down to one again.

“What’s your name?” he asked again. She didn’t answer. The hand on the accelerometer rose in tandem with his blood pressure. He didn’t like being refused like this. She loved him, didn’t she? She should be willing to answer such a simple question.

Roadside mirrors flew past the car, unseen in Ryoto’s rage.

“I said, *what’s your na-”*

There’s not much you can do on those winding, mountain roads when a truck comes around the other way. Most of them are going slow enough that if you’re paying attention, you can both stop and figure out how to work around each other. At worst, someone backs up until the road widens.

Ryoto didn’t know what he felt as he watched the truck driver scream into his cellphone, panicking to the officer and stumbling to explain the location of the accident. Ryoto’s poor little kei car was smashed between a half-dozen trees, crumpled in a heap at the bottom of the steep incline it had gone tumbling off after it had rammed the truck. The truck wasn’t in great condition either, even if the driver was well enough to call for an ambulance.

“You know,” said the girl. She was leaning back with her eyes closed, hands resting behind her head against empty air. She sat with legs outstretched. Ryoto didn’t look at her.

“These countries? With the good healthcare, low violence? These are like vacation spots for me. Nice places to have a little break.”

Ryoto didn’t look at her. His eyes were locked on the kei car, 100 meters below him. The girl continued.

“But guys like you? I cannot *tell* you how much extra work you weirdos make me do.”

Ryoto didn’t respond.

“You think, ‘Oh, what about wars?’ Wars are easy. Those folks came to you in nice big batches. You get everyone’s name, check them off the list, send them through. Finished.” She snapped her fingers in front of her. “Guys like you, though? I get so tired of seeing your faces. It’s like, every month, ‘Oh I gotta go see what that creepy dude in the mountains is doing to college students again.’ I have better things to do, Ryoto.”

“I don’t understand,” Ryoto said. The girl sighed. She put one arm on Ryoto’s shoulder and pulled him up to stand. He kept watching the Kei car.

“They never do. That’s alright. It’s hard to understand, but simple to explain. There’s a nice, well-lit room at the end of this tunnel where we can sit and talk about everything. You’ll need some time to adjust before we get you on your way, I’m sure.”

“*Probably a good twenty years and an exorcism,”* she muttered under her breath. She opened a door at the tunnel’s end, ushered Ryoto into the light, and closed it behind her.