Olympus Mons 2035

Theo Malkovich was enjoying himself. He was travelling over the rust-coloured rocky terrain of Mars in a buggy with his beautiful wife Beth alongside him. The beautifully barren landscape created a surprisingly romantic back drop, he could tell through her suit how beautiful she was. He had met her at Princeton in the Physics department and had been a loved-up puppy ever since.

He was a lucky man.

Turning to his left he saw the Colossal Olympus Mons, the lone mountain that stands 2 and half times the height of Everest from sea level. Its size is beyond comprehension or description, it sat there ominously dwarfing the rest of the landscape. As they approached the mountain they fell into darkness and turned on their personal and vehicular lights.

Theo looked at his HUD and made some mental calculations.

“We have maybe 5 hours of Oxygen before we have to start going back to the colony.”

“Ok, we’ll check out that anomaly and get back in time for tea.”

Theo and Beth were both British nationals, part of the reason that they gravitated towards each other in New jersey as neither had been to America before.

“I hope they don’t serve that slop again tonight, my stomach needs proper food soon, that ‘Beef’ has never seen a cow in its life.”

Theo thought back to their cooking lessons Beth had put on in his student accommodation, it usually ended up in a Pizza Hut order but he was just happy to spend time with her. He felt that this memory was a long time ago and a million miles away, but it was more accurately about 250 million miles away.

“We should be coming up on that anomaly soon.”

The pair had been tasked with the recon of a structure at the base of the mountain, the colony was needing to expand as more inhabitants were due in from earth in less than a year.

Beth saw a long thin object appearing to stick out of the ground about 200 m ahead of the buggy, which she brought to a standstill, and the couple dismounted. The wind had picked up in the last couple of minutes, sandstorms were certainly not uncommon on the red planet and there were the early signs of one brewing. Beth started to feel a little disconcerted.

“We don’t want to get caught with our pants down in this, can you radio in to get info on the storm?”

Theo tried to hail the “Sanctuarium”, the UN colony that he and Beth had been stationed at for the last 2 years. The radio was dead.

“I think my radios dead, try yours.”

Beth did and it was the same story. The chances that a storm had formed imbetween the base and them was possible, but this meant that would have to wait it out in the shelter of the mountain. Theo stopped to turn back and get the emergency oxygen supply and survival kit from the rover, it meant that they had 2 days’ worth of oxygen supply before they asphyxiated.  

“We’ll find shelter and wait for this to blow over”

Beth was trying to sound reassuring, however the fact that things were quickly turning south was evident by a little quiver in her voice. They turned towards the mountain as the surroundings suddenly illuminated, the sun would have now been visible over the mountain had it not been for the increasing density of the sand.

As the pair approached the anomaly Theo tried to speculate what the item must be, it could be a radio transmitter broken off a craft as it entered the atmosphere, it was very thin. When they were 10 metres out the wind changed direction and a material fluttering became visible at the top of the pole. From what Theo, could tell it was a bird shape with some writing underneath it. Beth and Theo looked at each other incredulously wanting to ask the other if they saw what the other one saw. There was no evidence of any prior SpaceX or UN patrols in the area, and if they had the pole was about 10m tall, with a strange flag at the top. It didn’t make a whole lot of sense.

A slight lull in the sand meant that the flag was briefly visible, Theo made out a gold eagle and the letters S.P.Q.R in gold embellishment underneath. He thought back to his GCSE Latin lessons.

“Senatus Populusque Romanus.”

Beth started to say something as a whirring sound became audible over the whistle of the wind in their suits. Around the pair, floating red lights started to illuminate the sand, their sources obstructed from view. They started to orbit the pair and a voice was audible for a few seconds.
Before Theo had time to recognise the language (which wasn't English), a bright flash blinded him and he fell to the ground, cracking his visor on a large rock. He felt himself slowly slipping out of consciousness with the sounds of oxygen alarms and whirring slowly fading to silence, as a wave of blackness washed over him.

Theo woke up in a white interview room, with his hands shackled to the table. His head felt groggy and his nose had been cut, but there was no blood as if it had been cleaned.He immediately thought he was dead and this was some sort of purgatory, he had been raised Catholic but had never believed in God. There was a door at the other end of the room that had no handle. Apart from that the room was utterly bare. As if suddenly with a shiver Theo noticed the room was cold, his breath steaming and his hands were blue.

The door suddenly opened and a man who was incredibly tanned entered, closed it after him and sat down. He had a sort of see-through iPad that he flicked through pulling faces with each flick. Theo, who was still not convinced he wasn’t dead, cleared his throat. The man started and seemed surprised to find Theo sitting across from him, as if waking from a day-dream.

“Well Mr Malkovich, it’s a pleasure to meet you.”  The man said in very accented English.

Theo looked at the man closer. He had a fine beard, thick eyebrows and close cropped hair with the most tanned skin he had ever seen, it was more orange than tan.

“Where am I?”

“Dead”

The man kept a straight, dead-pan expression on his face as he said it, putting Theo in a state of panic.

“I’m only joking Mr Malkovich, you are on Mars.”

“Where’s my wife”

Theo felt guilty that he had only just thought of Beth since coming to.

“Your wife is fine, she’s next door and you’ll be able to see her soon, but first I’m sure you have lots of questions, I’m here to answer them and ask some of my own.”

Theo had a million questions, including why this man had SPQR on his jacket. Theo had a feeling he wasn’t just a fan of Ancient History.

“My name is Flavius, I’m an Aedile of Campus Olympus, home of the 3rd Legion of Augustus. I’m here to find out why you are trespassing on Roman soil in clear violation of the “Roman- UN treaty?”

“Ermmmm … you’re Roman?”

Theo wondered how the toga wearing people from Italy had made it to Mars and formed a society un-beknown to the rest of society.

“Look Mr Malkovich I don’t want to tell the Emperor that you’re not complying, he’s in a sort of bad mood today and his lions are due for a feed, it’s never a good combination to introduce bad news to.”

Theo was wondering why there were lions on Mars, he was also wondering what he had gotten himself into. He then felt light headed and blackness engulfed him once more...

 

What a great Prompt, thanks for the inspiration!