"Mr. Romano I'm sorry but there's nothing else I can do to help you. Have you tried the toll-free number we gave you?"

"Yes, I was on the phone with them for over 3 hours yesterday and it ended with me wasting my time and getting nowhere. James, that's your name right? Let me ask you James...what would you do if you were in my shoes?"

"Sir, as I explained before we can only run the test here. We can't change the result..."

"Don't give me that sh....whew. Look it's not your fault, I know you have some policy or something  so is there anyone here, that I can talk to in person?"

"I am the manager here sir. I understand you're upset but we can't..."

"You know what....fine. Just just call me if there's anything you CAN do ok?"

I stormed out of the CalBot store and hopped in my car.

"Hey Siri, drive me home now" I muttered as my car slid my seat back. Sensing my elevated heart rate, the car slowly reclined my seat back and activated a gentle back massage along with some corny classical music. Couldn't tell you which, they all sound the same to me.

"Ten fucking bots. Ten.....fucking....bots" I kept saying over and over. I've never heard of anyone had a CalBot explode during the diagnosis and pairing, let alone 10. The people at the store might as well be robots the way they won't break their "policy", even for something that's basically a requirement these days. 

"Welcome home, Grey" echoed as I entered my apartment. 

"Siri, call CalBot Customer Service"

*Ding* "Ok. Just a reminder, they will be closing in... 30 minutes... and have an average hold time of...2 hours. Would you like me to set a reminder for tomorrow morning instead, or would you like me to call?" *Ding*

"No no, just forget it. Call Barry's cell."

*Ding* "Calling Barry Cell"

"What's up man, how it going?"

"Bruuuhhhhhhhhh. I need a drink man. Meet me at The Yellow Brick in 15 alright? I'm buying"

_Location - The Yellow Brick_

"10 bots, are you kidding me?"

"Nah, 10 of em. Every single one just turned on and within like 15 seconds of trying to pair it it shorts out or something. They thought the first was a dud but the guy at the shop said the chip was completely fried like... unsalvageable fried."

"Shit. Maybe you're like a vampire or haunted or something. Wait...do you have a pulse?"

"Very funny asshole. Your CalBot gonna scold you for being an asshole later?"

"What, Stacy? Nah, she's the best. Isn't that right, Stace?"

"Yes. We are great companions" the drone hovering over Barry's shoulder read off in an almost lifelike sultry female's voice.

"Barr, I was alright with you naming your bot but we're crossing into really creepy territory now that you gave her that French accent. You sure you're not like too close with her?"

"Too close? I'd marry her if I could. Think about it...she knows exactly what I want, I can be 100% honest with her, she's probably gonna save my life at least a few times...bare minimum cure some disease. Oh, and since she's linked with me  she can activate like neurons or some shit in my brain so it's like I'm on the best high of my life or the best orgasm any time I want. You really gotta get one man."

"What do you think I've been trying to do since my 30th birthday, man? I took the day off work and everything and after all that basically told 'Sorry, you're out of luck.' I not moving to Kenya or Zimbabwe or wherever. I'll get a bootleg one if I need but there's no way I'm going to those war torn countries to see a Med. I'll die before the plane lands."

"You're nuts man. You just turned 30, what like a week ago? Even if you do get sick it wouldn't be for a long time and the wars will probably be over by then. I heard of a guy that went until he was 50 until he got a CalBot and was fine. Saved a shitton of cash too."

"Ya, but what if I'm one of those ones that catches something right at 30? I know the shots we got are supposed to protect us from birth until we're 30, but what if I have a really fast metabolism or something? I could already be dying for all we know."

"Grey. G. G man, chill out. You're fine. Look, let's go to the headquarters tomorrow, it's less than a half hour away and I'm sure they have some new super chip or update that'll allow you to get one without it going all skitzo on you alright?"

"Ok, ya. I mean can't hurt right?"

"But Grey you gotta promise me. If it turns out you ARE haunted, don't like throw all the shit around in my place, ok? I just got it how I like it there."

"I hate you."

_Location : CalBot Headquarters Los Angeles_

"Welcome to CalBot headquarters. How may I help you today?" The cheerful robotic voice chimed off as I approached the front desk.

"Uh, ya my name is Romano...uh Grey Romano I have an appointment with a uh hold on...Mr. um Dr. Prince at 9:30."

"...Romano, Grey. Appointment confirmed. Please proceed to Floor 3 Unit 7."

"Ok thanks...oh, this is my friend Barry uh Barry McDonald. He's gonna be joining me."

"...Access granted for guest McDonald, Barry. Please proceed to Floor 3 Unit 7."

We walked towards the elevator and the building towered above us. It had to have at least 100 floors and opened outward like a vase. Dozens of drones buzzed overhead entering and leaving the building probably heading off to do deliveries or to be rented to film amateur videos.  I'd see a few drones flying through the sky around my place and work but never so many in one spot. It was mesmerizing they way they almost danced with one another. 

"Hey what if it turns out that you're like a robot or something and that why you keep breaking them? Like you've been a robot but you didn't know it."

"I'm pretty sure I'd know it. I mean I got a bloody nose a few weeks ago...and I don't drink motor oil. Oh and I took a shit this morning you ass."

"Ya, a robot shit."

We got to the door and we're pointed to and older man in a white coat, seemed to be in his 50's with white hair. He smiled as we walked in.

"You must be Mr. Romano, come in please have a seat. I've been looking forward to meeting you. I'm Dr. Prince, you can call me Steven. And this must be your friend...Mr. McDonald is it? Here have a seat as well."

"Ok, Dr. Prin...I mean Steven. I've been trying to get a bot for a bit now and I went to the store and like 10 of them all fried when they tried to pair them with me. I called here to see what we can do and they said you might be able to help."

"Yes, that is quite peculiar. You see, as you may or may not be aware  the CalBot links up with your brainwaves making what we like to call a "Companion Connection". The CalBot makes a connection using the tiny implant that was administered along with your vaccine when you were a child. Using that as a bridge it basically  reads a small number of very specific key brainwaves and can also minimally alter those waves to help you either psychologically or physically depending on what is needed at that exact moment. The CalBot is also equipped with a number of precise instruments and tools to help replicate vaccines, aid in healing, regenerate organs and so on. This allowed us to eliminate the need for doctors and as you know allow you to live much much longer lives with very minimal expenses. Take your friend's bot here. It is listening to specifics such as his movement to stay floating above his shoulder but does not tell him where to go. If I were to say prick him with a needle, it would put a healing adhesive on the wound. Does this make sense?"

"Ya, we learned about the in school a bit. So why do they keep frying?"

"Ya, is he like haunted or a robot? My money's on him being a robot"

"Barry, I swear to God if you don't shut up..."

"No no no, he's not a robot or haunted or anything like that. I was able to retrieve the data from the bots from the store you went to and identify the problem. You see, when you were a child we only administered the vaccine to United States citizens as well as the implant. It was controversial at the time but the vaccine which was in short supply, must be administered before the age of 1 and the implant needed time to take hold in your brain stem so we had no other choice. Now a amount of the vaccine was stolen as well as some older generation implants, we estimate about 1,000 or so and some people attempted to modify and reprogram them to gain entry into the United States. The vaccine worked but the impant only passed the basic test at borders and airports. 

Unfortunately you have one of those implants Mr. Romano so when the CalBot tries to pair or connect, it fries the chip. Most of the people with the counterfeit implants and vaccine were caught or died unfortunately so this does make you a rare case. We have had a total of 7 like you come through here before. Now we were able to arrange a work visa so that you may stay here, continue your life like nothing happened. You would come in from time to time for testing so we can continue to improve the CalBot to be impervious to the reprogrammed implants, but due to their nature we are unable to remove your implant."

"So, you're saying I'll never be able to have a CalBot? What if, what if I get sick or..."

"Yes, even with the previous cases like you the programming isn't uniform so there's no way to decipher it or reprogram it with you, well...alive."

"Alright, well can I just have a doctor here to help if I'm sick or get hurt or..."

"That also is not a possibility Mr. Romano. I'm sure you are aware that we outlawed all medical doctors as they are a threat to national security. All citizens have implants and access to CalBots, having doctors would simply make it a more desirable place for non-citizens to come and bring their conflict with them."

"Alright doc, so without a medical doctor, how long can I live? I'm 30 and the vaccine expired like a week ago..."

---------Limit reached, will post part 2

