For a moment, Isis could only sit and stare. The thick brushstrokes flowed magnificently across the coarse canvas: a delicate cerulean sky contrasted with a stark and - in parts - grisly panoply of blacks, oranges, reds on the cracking rock below. He could not recognise the poor figures suffering various forms of punishment on the craggy mountain - the robed cleric lashed to a cliff face with chains of thorns, the prostrate preacher set upon by hounds, the holy chorus skewered like lamb on a flag pole, bearing that now all-too-familiar white-on-black insignia - but he knew exactly who they were, who they represented. For in that luscious sky, bursting dramatically through the clouds in a frenzy of bright, piercing lights, bearing a flaming sword and a shield studded with gold, he saw himself. 

His heart sank as the grim realisation of his fate set in. His was a truly just mission, the only truth in a world of false prophets. Religion in all its forms had corrupted mankind, like the snake in the garden - of this much, there could be no doubt. Had he known the gravity of the cross he chose to bear, perhaps things might have been different. He could have lived to savour his autumn years tending to a small plot of land in the country, running his fingers through soft sheafs of wheat and bathing amidst the sweet birdsong. 

But now he saw more clearly than ever that all the sin he had sought to eradicate had never died. It only clung to him, dug deep into his skin like a parasite until he became the host for every religious idea that had ever taken shape on this innocent blue world. This was his sacrifice. He was sin incarnate, and the world's salvation rested on him. 

He opened his mouth and slid the ported barrel between his teeth. The cold metallic taste was soothing, in its way. He reached clumsily for the trigger, no tears falling from his steely eyes. The true gods - those of truth, and justice, and a chaotic, ungoverned universe - they had forsaken him. 

He exhaled sharply and squeezed the trigger. In his last breath - cleansing the world he loved so well: the beautiful, godless, meaningless and wonderful world he loved so well: as dark clouds gathered overhead eclipsing the very sun: as thunder growled with menace on the horizon - he cried out to the void. 

'Forgive them,' his thoughts whispered into nowhere as his dead eyes settled on the figures in the painting, 'for they know not what they do.'