“We got a runner,” said Arita-san. 

“I know!” I shouted. “I’ve been working on the guy for like three hours. I know.” I peeked out around the doorjamb of the hospital room, then ducked my head inside as a syringe went whizzing past. “And he’s armed.” One thing about these black, hooded robes. They really mess with your peripheral vision.

“With needles. That hardly matters.” Arita-san was my partner, and a zen monk. A surprising number of Death’s apprentices start out as monks, and those of us who were not religious always hated getting posted with them. They were always so damn placid.

“It matters,” I said.

“No, it doesn’t. You are immortal. Disease does not matter. The body does not matter.”

“My body matters to me, okay? I can’t end up like Ol’ Grimms with just bones. I’m still single.”

A shout came down the hall: “You’ll never get this soul, death-BITCH.”

I sighed. “Okay, here’s our plan. I’m going to try to reason with him. I still think I might be able to talk him into this. But in case I can’t, can you go out that window, sneak around behind him and be ready to Reap him?”

Arita was halfway to the window. “Why don’t I just do that now?”

“Because...you know Reaping. There’s just so much paperwork. I have a date tonight.”

Arita looked at me with the emotionless disregard that is the zen equivalent of disappointment and opened the window to slip out.

“Okay,” I shouted down the hallway. “You win. You win. I’m not going to reap you. I just want to talk.” Another syringe flew by. “Can we talk?”

“No! It’s not my time to go!”

“Now, you don’t know that--”

“Yes I do, I definitely do.”

“I mean, we are in a hospital. You do have inoperable brain cancer.”

“So?”

“So? Look, I know you’re in a lot of pain right now. The headaches, the nausea. I can make that all go away.”

“Yeah, by killing me.”

“Now, I see where we went wrong. I’m not here to kill you.” The cancer would do that. “I’m here to free you. Free your family.”

“Family?”

“Melissa, Bethany. Little...uh…” I checked my notes. “Eugene Jr.”

The subject laughed. “No one calls him that.”

“What should I call him?”

“Everyone calls him Bub. God, he’s only 15 months old. How can I leave him?”

I stuck my head out of the doorway, waiting for the attack. When none came, I slipped out of the room and started creeping over towards the sound of the subject’s voice. “With a large, lump sum payment from your very generous insurer,” I said. “Think of it. College--paid for. Bethany’s wedding, paid for. Melissa, she’d never have to work again.”

“She has always wanted to spend more time with the kids.”

“She has,” I agreed. “And all you have to do to give that to her, is to let go. Let go of the pain. Let go of the fear.”

I turned the corner at the end of the hospital hall, and the subject was sitting on the floor, naked ass to the linoleum. His knees were curled up into his chest. He looked at me in awe.

“I think I’m seeing things,” he said. He rubbed his scalp, where a large bump protruded: the tumor, my silent partner.

“You might be,” I nodded. “I think if you’re honest with yourself, you’re not thinking straight right now.”

“I know I’m not.” His teeth started chattering. I was so close.

“I can make this confusion all go away.”

“You can?”

“Yes. That’s what I’ offer: perfect clarity.” I extended my hand. “All you have to do is take a walk with me.”

He reached out his hand, then jerked it back. “No! You’re a liar.”

“Wait, I-”

“No!” He got up to flee, and I saw Arita-san behind him, scythe at the ready.

“Arita, don’t!”

Back at the station, Dori was already at my desk with the first stack of forms. “10-29B, Use of Extraordinary Force while Reaping. 10-16J, Reaping while in a Hospital -- I’m gonna need this in triplicate. 10-29EZ, Use of Scythe on a Subject -- you’re lucky, this is the short version, just 204 pages. 10-1058MRM, Use of Scythe while Near a Magnetic Resonance Machine…”

I texted Ted. “Sorry. Date night off tonight. Gotta pull a late one at the station. Will make it up 2u.”

It was a few minutes before he replied: “Flake.” I sighed, and told myself for the umpteenth time that If I had known it would be like this, I would have never pursued my research into immortality. If I had known why everyone other scientist’s notes seemed to end, tantalizingly, just before the big break-through, I would have never, ever accepted that post-doc position at Stanford. Or that prestigious fellowship from the Council on Aging.

But let’s get real, I’m lying. I was proud of my work. Too proud. I thought I was special.

I remember the night Ol’ Grim came to me. I had just woken up from that amazing dream. The one that unlocked everything. The entire crystalline structure of the drug’s molecule unfolding in a golden matrix. My own golden path to wealth, to glory, unfolding similarly in my mind. 

I had just grabbed the pen and pad I keep by my bed to document it all, when suddenly, he appeared. The big boss man. The one. The inevitable. He nodded, handed me a business card, and said, “When you realize living forever sucks, call this number. I’ve got a job offer for you.”

The next day, I resigned from the lab. The following week, I had a scythe in my hand and a black robe on my back, with the orange mesh vest that said TRAINEE. 

At the lab, they called me Professor Taylor. Here they just call me Bethanne. I’m Death’s Apprentice.

