"Shiiiiiiiit my fucking noggin!" Said Clive as he awoke from one of his dirtiest St. paddies hang overs yet.

As he looked around what seemed like an expensive hotel room his heart sank a little.

"Ooooh fucking hell...please don't tell me I've gone and checked me'self into a shitting hotel I can't afford this..."

He got up to look out of the window to work out where he was but was taken back by the view, it was what seemed to be a metallic forest, buildings as tall as sky scrapers but built in the shape of giant trees...what seemed to be chrome humming birds with USB like beaks sucking electricity from the flower pods that looked like scaled down nuclear plants running along the tips of the buildings 'branches'.

"Ooooooh god where actual fuck am I"

Suddenly Clive's phone started to ring, maybe this was a chance to work out where he was and get home...

The phone kept ringing as he searched frantically to find it looking high and low when all of a sudden the door to his room slowly opened and out came a beautiful woman wearing nothing but his favourite football teams away shirt.

"Hello Clive" she said with a well spoken voice.

Confused but in high hopes he must of got lucky last night  and most definitely wanting seconds regardless of the weird buildings outside he replied "Allo darling that was a great night last night weren't it? Remind me again where we are"

"Have a guess" said the beautiful woman as she made her way to the foot of Clive's bed.

Clive's eyes lit up.

"Ooooh bloody hell...they've stitched me right up haven't they...what did those bastards put in my drink!?"

Clive smiled and looked the beautiful woman dead in the eyes,

"I'm in that silly cone valley ain't I!? 
In bloody America!"

The woman creeping closer to Clive from the foot of the bed replied "no Clive this is the future and now that's out of the way don't let it distract you from the fact that in nineteen ninety nine, the undertaker threw mankind off of hell in a cell, and plummeted sicksteen feet through an announcers table.

"And by gum I'll be damned if I fall for that again" said Clive more wise then 10 minutes before. 