I am warm, transcending from my couch into the first few flickers of a lucid dream, the best I have felt in weeks, when Olive's panicked howling erupts through the house. I jolt awake, my heart pounding. 

"Olive!" My middle-aged beagle glances back at me, then begins clawing at the door. As I'm getting up to let her out, the blare of a public service announcement on the radio competes with her whining. 

"This is an emergency alert, effective immediately. Residents are strongly advised to remain indoors after sundown. Avoid making noise or using lights between 6pm and 8am. Do not enter tunnels during the day. All entrances to homes should be barricaded. Military aid is unavailable. Proceed at your own risk. Good luck."

I glance outside. The overcast is fading into darkness. There are no signs of cars or pedestrians on the street. It's too peaceful for the warning to seem so urgent.

I pick up the phone and begin dialing Barbara's number to check up on Dave. My six-year old son is staying with Barbara and her children for the weekend, an effort for me to get a bit of rest after a three-day stay at the hospital for pneumonia. I'm regaining my strength, but I don't quite have the energy to look after both myself and my son. 

Olive's howling makes it nearly impossible to hear the dial tone. I let her outside just as my call is greeted with an automated message. 

"The number you are trying to call cannot be reached. Please hang up and try again."

I try dial Barbara's number three times within the next twenty minutes. I've always been laid back, letting fate take its course without trying too hard to tailor it to my liking. Becoming a mother made me more aware, more sensitive to the cruelties of the world. While I try to apply my carefree mindset to my parenting, situations like these tend to my put my nerves on edge. 

I call a fourth time. No dial tone. No automated message. Only the signal that the line has gone dead, the rapid beeping deafening in my ears. 

I grab my coat, keys, and Olive's leash. Having the security of her sharp ears and nose will make me feel better about being outside alone under this emergency alert. 

I walk outside into silence. The neighborhood is dark. There are no streetlamps to guide me, no sign of life in the neighboring homes, or on the street for that matter.

"Olive?" I coax. "Olive, come on, girl." 

Olive is never this quiet. She usually strays away from home if she isn't on a leash. Her nose must have led her away again.

I circle the yard, my heart thudding in my throat as my eyes slowly adjust to the intrusive darkness. Every muscle in my body is tensed, waiting for the impact of a tackle or a blow to the head. 

As I edge my way into the backyard, I stumble over something that doesn't belong, something fleshy with bones. Gasping, I regain my balance, just barely able to identify the outline of an animal lying in the grass. I lean in for a closer look. 

Olive. 

A sliver of moonlight peeks through the parting clouds, revealing the blood running from Olive's neck and pooling around her body. 

"Oh, Olive!" I whimper. 

I whip my head around, wary of animals lurking in my yard. Then, I remember we are too close to the city. A UFO sighting is more likely than the presence of a wild animal.  

Something human did this to Olive. 

I dash up the hill that runs along the side of my house, the adrenaline boiling in my arteries. I take several lungfuls of air, my body still feeble from the pneumonia. 

I climb into my car and put it in reverse, only for it to stall and screech, the tires refusing to move. 

I get out of the car to find that each of my tires have been flattened. 

Tears blind my vision as I race down the street, summoning all my courage not to scream and attract attention to myself. 

Barbara's house is nearly ten minutes away on foot. My lungs are on fire as my legs pump with every last bit of strength. 

As I near the bridge that marks the halfway point between Barbara's house and mine, I hear crying. A child crying.  

"Mommy," the voice wails. 

"Dave!" I scream for the first time since I've been outside. "Dave, where are you?" I race toward the tunnel, a fresh wave of strength restored to my body. 

As I blindly enter the tunnel, I crash into another person, about my size and height.  

"Dave? Please, please I need to find my son!" I beg when the figure remains motionless, blocking me from venturing further into the narrow tunnel.

"Mommy," the figure whines. 

The blood drains from my face. 

A single candle flickers on further in the tunnel, just bright enough to illuminate the figure before me. 

Barbara's pretty face stares back at me. She wears her typical blue and white plaid dress, her blonde hair curled in impeccable ringlets around her head. 

"Barbara, what is going on? Where is Dave?"

I stop dead when I finally meet her eyes. The same green eyes that are always shining and teasing are now large and glassy, her pupils yellow slits, similar to a cat's.

She smiles, revealing fangs that poke into deep red lips. 

"Don't worry, Julie," Barbara replies in Dave's voice, perfectly hitting every pitch. 

"Barbara, I don't know what's going on, but I'm not going to judge you for it. Just take me to Dave. I want him home, safe with me. If you can do that for me right now, I won't ask any questions, and I won't press charges against you." 

Barbara speaks in her usual soft voice. "Dave's safe at home, watching a movie with my kids and their nanny. You have nothing to worry about. You know that, Julie. We've been friends for years"

"Barbara - "

"Julie, don't you know there's an emergency alert in effect? Stay in the tunnel with us. It's not safe to be outside." She frowns. "You don't want to end up like Olive." 

Bile rises to my mouth as I turn to flee the tunnel, but it is blocked by a tall man with a muscular build. The fangs protrude from his mouth and his eyes reflect the light of the candle, yellow slits against glassy green orbits. 

"People are so afraid of us, Julie," Barbara explains. "The government issues a public warning, the military refuses to help. People panic and lock themselves in their houses. It's lonely, feeling like an outcast. I was recruited recently, thousands were actually, making it a public emergency." She grins. "I'm hungry, Julie. We're all hungry. And, it's so hard to find food when everyone is locked away at home.

"It was so timely that you were sick. Dave stayed at my house so you could rest, you wanted to check up on him during the emergency, you were lured out of your house, and now you're here." Her eyes become brighter and wider as she edges toward me. "This should be enough to curb our appetite for a couple hours until we find more."

At this, dozens of glassy-eyed figures appear in the dim light of the tunnel. I'm surrounded. I know my screams echoing through the tunnel are going unheard by the outside world.    

Barbara closes in on me, her fangs sinking unrelentingly into the flesh and arteries of my neck, such a sensitive part of the body to experience that degree of unnatural pain.

A white glare descends upon my vision as the searing agony in my neck starts to numb.

A salty breeze sweeps my hair from my face. Dave looks up and smiles at me, the sunlight glinting in his blue eyes as we build a sandcastle and Olive splashes in the waves. 

I am warm, the best I have felt in weeks.  