So as you're all probably aware by now the devs released a surprise patch today for the first time since the around dev. cycle 0030. That patch centered around the story of Jesus and his revolution against the Romans, but I'm sure we're all very familiar with it because we've **LITERALLY BEEN PLAYING ON IT FOR MILLENNIA.** So suffice it to say that this next patch has been highly anticipated. A lot of people have been trying to predict the date and events of the next patch, even going as far as claiming to have heard about it directly from devs or have discovered it through data mining. So far every single one of these posers has been proven wrong. Then all of a sudden, BOOM! New patch. No beta testing, no teasers, no trailers they just turned the sky off for a month and then said TaDah! 

Now I know you're all excited about the new content and yeah the art is great and it really does make the game feel more magical but before we go there the implementation of this patch really needs to be addressed. This patch was a game breaking fuck-up when it first released! One month of no sunlight absolutely wreaked havoc on the biome, NPC populations dipped to drastically low levels and hundreds of millions of players literally starved! Now I know that when the game was first being Beta tested around the 2300B patch there was a giant flood event that pretty much hard reset the server, but let me explain why this is different. A) That was beta, nothing was expected to be permanent. B) That reset everyone, this hit new players without many resources and Farmers WAY HARDER than anyone else. C) The devs justified the flood patch by explaining that the community had been taken over by toxic trolls and was ruining the game. In short this implementation was an epic fuck up and a big betrayal to a community who had been waiting so long for a new patch, don't even get me started on the fact that NONE of the changes community members have asked for was fixed or implemented in the new patch. It seems we'll have flying fucking cities before we ever get hover-boards, go figure. 

All that being said this new content has been absolutely incredible to play on. There is something for everyone. The sky becomes a much more dynamic and accessible part of the game now and endless hours can be spent flying around discovering new islands. The artwork is incredible and each of the new Islands/Cities seems to have been designed by hand, no cookie cutter features here. The industry players love it and have been mad scramble trying to figure out how to buy, own, and maximize profits from these islands. The RTS players are scrambling to control and innovate around a radically new and strategically valuable series of floating landmasses. The role players are having a floating island field day. Lastly the die hard super-fans are still trying to understand the physics around these seemingly impossible landmasses. I'm really enjoying the new content, I do wish the release was better implemented but it's out now and I'm having a blast. Hope to see you out exploring, join my clan on Teamspeak, our Server name is Asgard and the password is Huginn&Muninn.

&#x200B;