Okay, this is not mine, my friend doesn't have a reddit account, he asked me to post it.

Also I quickly formatted it into a reddit post paragraphs so apologies if I missed anything.

If you saw my workplace, you might think me a janitor or physical worker. However, the ‘warehouse’ outside town, which is nicely secured against curious young people referred as vandals, is not what it seems. After all, the vast research facility hidden under it is my real workplace. I’m a researcher there. I started some months back and I more or less got used to my work now. Except the working hours. Those are impossible to get used to.

“Morning, Charly”, the security guard greeted me at the entrance.

“Morning, Paul. If you can call it that”, I yawned back.

Like every ‘morning’, I go to the coffee machine with hope. And it never fails to disappoint.

“It’s still broken”, a colleague approached. “You’d think after 6 months they’d finally care about it. Here”, she handed me a mug of coffee she brought from home. She took it upon herself to bring enough coffee for everyone. “Any chance you’ll start using cream or sugar in yours?”

“Thanks, Laura. And no, I need to be fully awake. Can’t achieve that with cream or sugar.” I took a sip and sighed with content. “Have you seen Mike and Melissa?”

“They’re in her office playing Mario Kart. Their type of coffee.”

I thanked Laura for the coffee and went to Melissa’s office. On my way I greeted some other colleagues. One of them invited me to the new Marvel movie, which I accepted with enthusiasm.
“Melissa, Mike you awake yet?” I asked once I got to her office.

“Just a moment”, Mike responded. A moment later, Melissa strikes a winner pose and Mike silently curses. “What’s the score?” I asked.

“2 to 1”, Melissa answered. “You wanna give it a go?”

“Maybe once we finished work with Carman. You guys up for that?”

“Naturally. We are chosen from the best of the best of the best”, Mike quoted with a grin.

“Then let’s go.” We made our way to the Unexplained experiment facility.

Carman is a beautiful woman looking in her late twenties, although she claims otherwise. She has some ‘gifts’ that we search a scientific explanation for. Some of them include flying on a broom and her skin turning green whenever something paranormal happens. A few experiments later, and we are none the wiser. We thanked her and gave up for today.

Next, I played catch with the dog boy after drawing some sample blood. He hid his name at the start but caved in after I started calling him after famous werewolf-like characters, which he disliked very much. This I did alone. There are some jobs I do in groups, but I usually work alone. Especially for my next work in my schedule.

“Greetings, my lord. How is your health today?”

“Stop addressing me like that, or so help me Nancy!” The words echoed in my head.

“Any title you prefer I use instead?”

“None. Just my name will suffice.”

“Alright, Tib. How are you today?” I still wonder how he can hear me. Maybe he sees the words I say in my mind?

“No different than yesterday”, Tib’s words echoed. “Maybe more informed now, thanks to yesterday’s newspaper. We’ve won another battle.”

   “How could you see that from a human’s daily paper?” The newspaper in question is the free kind, one that mostly covers local news, only few global news, and certainly no spider news.

   “The squirrels wanted to sabotage an orchestra performing Chopin, whose talent was supported by house Aranaille, as you know. The performance’s success must be due to my kin’s effort.”

   “Congratulations, then. I still can’t believe that squirrels fight to become this world’s evil overlords. I mean, my uncle uses them to gather hazel nuts.”

  “Ha!” Tib did the spider equivalent to snorting. “Pure masquerading! Don’t let their cute fluffiness fool you, they can be craftier than foxes. We’re your protectors, but your kin’s outlook on mine isn’t exactly helpful.” The words echoed reproachfully.

  “Before I forget, how many houses are there?” I remembered to ask.

  “More than you could get your head around, despite many of them meeting their end not by squirrels.”

“How are you even able to win against squirrels in the first place?” I wondered.

  “That”, the words sounded proud, “is a secret.”

  “Can’t you –.” My pager beeped, interrupting my question. I was needed in Bigfoot’s garden. I reckon he has another nightmare.

  “My apologies, Baron Tib –”

  “Stop that!”

  “– but we’ll have to stop now. There’s trouble elsewhere.” I ignored his little outburst.
  On my way to Bigfoot, I stopped by the audio room and grabbed a CD radio. Outside I met Karl. “You got paged, too?” I asked.

  “Even know what’s happening”, he said.

  “Nightmare?”

  “Yep. Almost destroyed the hut we made for him.”

  “Damn. You got the teddy?”

  “Sure do.” He showed me. “You got the music?”

  I wordlessly showed him the CD radio. “von Ziegler’s Autumn Forest should calm him down.”

  In the garden hut, there already was Nadia trying her best to keep him calm. The inside is thrashed. She looked very grateful once we played the music and gave him the teddy. Problem resolved. Going outside, I asked Nadia: “Who’s on cooking duty today?”

  “Laura”, she answered. “Said she’d make pilaf.”

  “Then she’s gonna need chicken”, Karl commented. I looked at my watch.

  “The stores should be open by now. I could go buy some”, I said.

  “Together with the newspapers, right? I’ll give you a lift”, Karl offered. I accepted.

  We bought whole chickens, lots of vegetables and spices. I also bought a bundle of various daily newspapers. Laura made a very good pilaf, which we shared with some of the more human residents. They all praised Laura’s cooking skills.

Afterwards, I brought Baron Tib two of the newspapers and the remainder of the bundle I took with me to the lowest floor, where I knocked on the wall across the room. The wall was covered in the strangest carved out symbols. Some of them looked very much like our letters, but the word is still unpronounceable. The only resident here is, we all think, no, KNOW, an eldritch god. Or so it lets us know. It tried to tell us its name, but much like his try to spell it out in our known letters, it’s completely unpronounceable for us. Similarly, our words are the same for it. We mostly communicate in images he mentally sends and sees. Like that he showed some interest in the outside world, but any being that would see him would usually die from going mad, so he settled for daily newspapers.

The door creaked open and I held out the bundle with both hands. Through the creak is a dense darkness, fortunately. A deep dark green eerie tentacle came out and was about to take the bundle when it hesitated and instead went for my cheek. It took some rice that were stuck there and enquired what that was. Images flashed by and it showed great interest. I agreed to bring it a portion of the pilaf. It took the bundle before I left.

I came back with a rather large place with plenty of pilaf on it. It took the plate and a moment later the ground lightly shook and the strangest sound escaped the dense darkness. It shared its feeling of happiness with me and mental images showed me how glad it was for tasting the dish. It pushed out the empty plate, covered in goo, and closed the wall-like doors with a resounding thump. Everyone was happy for the eldritch god and even more so when they got a chance to examine the goo.

Near the end of my shift, I played the promised Mario Kart race with Mike and Melissa. The bronze medal I got wasn’t very comforting. After my shift, I got home just to throw myself on my bed and began snoring then and there. Horrible working hours indeed.

