Sadie pets Foxy who feeds her four kittens in the mostly empty garage. The kittens are five weeks old, their eyes are open, and they're walking everywhere. Foxy is a grey and black tabby cat while her kittens are a mix, one grey and black tabby, a long haired grey and white kitten with blue eyes, and an orange and yellow tabby. The final one is a pure black kitten. Sadie sees the first three, but the black kitten isn't there. 

Sadie scans the garage, but the sunlight is fading. Sadie turns on the light and looks around the garage, checking every nook and cranny. She searches for the black kitten, but it is not there. Sadie opens the door into the house and looks around. The kitten isn't there either. Sadie looks for her mom and dad. She finds her dad and tugs on his pants. 

"What is it Princess?" 

"One of the kittens is gone." 

"Oh no. Let's go find it." 

The dad takes her hand, and they head back to the garage. He looks at the kittens who now cuddle with Foxy. He counts them quick as Foxy stands up and heads to the door that leads outside. 

"Three only. The black kitten is missing." 

Foxy paws at the door. Sadie runs over and opens it. As soon as the door opens, Sadie and her dad hear it. Foxy runs outside, and they follow her. The mewing grows louder, but the day has turned into night. The dad pulls out his phone and uses it like a flashlight. 

Foxy runs to an evergreen tree and disappears under it. She circles the tree as the dad looks under it, but the mewing comes from above. He shines the light and sees the kitten a couple of feet above him. He fights his way into the tree, but he can't reach the kitten. 

"Sadie, I need your help."

"Okay, daddy."  

Foxy meows at her kitten. The dad lifts Sadie on his shoulders and fights his way into the tree again. The needles dig into his skin a little, but he pushes through. Sadie sees the kitten and reaches out to grab it. The kitten is afraid, but she picks it up gently and pulls it to her chest. 

"Got 'em?"

"Yes." 

The dad pulls away from the tree and lifts Sadie off of his shoulders and places her on the ground. She sets the kitten down who runs to its mom. Foxy picks up the kitten by the scruff and brings her back to the garage, reunited with the other kittens. The dad and Sadie play with the reunited family for a little bit. The dad hugs his daughter, and she hugs him back. 

"What's going on out here?" Asks the mom. 

They both turn to look at her. She walks out and looks at the kittens then Sadie and then her husband. 

"What happened to you?" She asks with a smile. 

"Well, it's a tale of courage, a mother's search for her child and a princess turned heroine. Quite the adventure."  

"Well, you can tell me about it over supper." 

Sadie pats Foxy again before heading inside. 

***

If you enjoyed this, I have other stories at r/nickkuvaas.