What troubled Thromm was that "overlord" was a not a protected term. Anyone with the right robes and a quantum gauntlet could dub themselves an "overlord" nowadays, if they conquered the right people. 

To Thromm, overlordship meant something. Not just in the emotional, pride-in-a-job-well-done sort of way - it was definitive. It had a job description. Overlordship simply meant taking charge of other people who thought of themselves as being in charge. Thromm had done that, and as such, he thought himself fit to be called an overlord. The new crop, the youngsters - they subjugated serfs. Held entire swathes of intergalactic peasants in their hands. No good.

Who was it who had brought low the Sun Princes of the Galvanax Quadrant? Him. Who had seized dominion of the whole Alvine Nebula from the suppposedly "all-powerful" grip of Emperor Gramquist Goberian, the so-called "King in Chains"? Thromm had done it. And then, when it was done, he'd set about finding new roles for his humbled vassals. The Sun Princes, with their ancestral affinity for solar energy, oversaw the re-organisation of fusion reactor production. Gramquist Goberian, whose heart was made of iron and eyes of fiercest fire, was now a sector overmanager keeping an eye on cost reclamation across six galaxies. Subjugate people - then put them to the right work. That's what Thromm had done. And, as such, he thought himself a successful overlord.

Being effectively immortal, Thromm had never given much thought to retirement. But he knew in order to keep things dynamic, he'd have to give a few of the young bucks a stab at real management work, and that meant taking a bit of a step back. A bit of a break. Some nice R&R, while the cream rose to the surface - whereupon he could step back in again and reorganise accordingly.

Quietly, very quietly, Thromm began work on a little side-project. He earmarked a nice, lush world just off the Qumzari arm of the Ph'nek galaxy; a nice, blue-purple orb which basked in the temperate heat of an unshowy white sun. While assistants kept things running, Thromm hired architects, drew up plans and diverted resources for what would be his planet-sized holiday home. Seaborne leviathans from myriad worlds were flown across deep space in huge, intergalactic cargo ships, just so he'd have some sea-life to look at; followed by expensive seascapers with their colour-coded sand charts and anemone samples. Mountain ranges were carefully sculpted by designers, lazer weaponry paring down cliffs and snipping off the untidier forests so that Thromm would have somewhere to sit down if he decided to go hiking. 

And that was just in the one hemisphere - in another, he had a whole ocean carefully tiled and chlorinated; the planet's two moons expensively recalibrated so that the wave patterns became more managable and swim-friendly. Lakes were turned into jacuzzis, steppes and grasslands into seating areas and recreational parks. 

But that had all just been landscaping. The next bit of the project was soon to start - the construction. The wiring. The engineering. The drainage. The roads. The bridges. Whole palaces and complexes - of basalt, marble and moonstone; of steel, and glass and slate.

On the 903rd day of Thromm's carefully managed recreation of this planet, as he pondered the best location of one of the three town-sized speaker systems he was planning on having installed, he was approached by Zeetriek. 

Once the Scourge of Pahl'raga and Lord of the Insitiable Pit of Gahmarghphath, Zeetriek had found a new calling under Thromm as an accountant and finance manager. He bid his boss a friendly hello, crossed the gemstone-cobbled courtyard and raised his clipboard.

"A lovely day for it, sire." He smiled, his grey jaw holding back a morass of mandibles and feelers. "May I have a word?"

Thromm finished his smoothie and wiped his lips. "Many words, Zeetriek - many words. How are the accounts?"

This time, the jaw held back a squeal of fear.

"Oh, lovely, my lord. Lovely. We've some lovely accounts. Such nice accounts. If you were to see these accounts, you'd really..."

Thromm snatched the clipboard from his underling, and pored over the numbers. Budget forecasts; stock analyses; predicted costs. But to his eyes, it appeared healthy. It was, as Zeetriek boasted, lovely. So why had clear fearly settled on the lackey's brow?

"Right - out with it. The figures are fine. What's up?"

Zeetriek gulped.

"Well, err, lovely figures and all, sire. No doubt about it...but Sk'tan'el, whom you'll remember was in charge of HR...well, he and I held a meeting yesterday...and..."

"Yes?"

"Well, you remember how he brought in Porvar the Almighty? And how he in turn instructed J'mech the Incorrigible to bring in a useful all-purpose workforce?"

"Yes?'

"And you'll remember when work started that Sk'tan'el and I issued a report to all departments noting the need for fiscal propriety and prudence?"

"Yes?"

"And you may not remember, but you might, when J'mech took a trip to one of the more remote systems directly outside of your domain to see if he could hire any good-sized workforces and bring them in under budget?"

"Yes? Yes?"

"And you'll remember that we found a contractor who bid incredibly low for the project, and we snapped them up, and booked them to start work on the meat of the project, and that given timetables being what they are, they'll arrive next Tuesday?"

"YES??"

Zeetriek handed him the clipboard again, and gingerly lifted one of his sheets.

"Well...er...we found out who they were."

Thromm's eyes scanned until he found the relevant line.

"RACE OF SUCCESSFUL CONTRACTORS - HUMANS."

Thromm blinked. Then, he blinked again.

"Ah." He said. "Bugger."








