"Call a gathering of the council members immediately, priority one" Grom barked as he slammed his clenched fist of tendrils.

The concern on the face of the head of the scientific council was clear as saw another red alert warning from the research and observation outpost in sector seven. 

"What in damnation are they up to now!?" the council leader sighed.

As the members of the galactic scientific council gathered, each took an audible sigh of resignation as they saw the only item on the agenda was species G17.a - Humans.

"What is it this time Grom? have they wiped out another one of their animal species? have they poisoned their planet beyond repair? are they hurtling debris and garbage into deep space again?" scoffed a representative of the gaseous species that inhabit a large nebula towards the center of the galaxy. "Whatever it is, let us just ignore these miscreants and stay clear of their sector for our own safety." 

"I'm afraid it's not going to be as simple as that", Grom's eyes scanning the room, not wanting to fixate his gaze on any one council member as to not show fear in his eye. "They're... I don't quite know how to say this, they've begun an experiment that recreates the conditions that gave birth to the entire universe, they're trying to collide the Omega Particles together just to see what happens without a care for what they could start." 

"Omega Particles!?" a collective gasp from the room brought everyone to silence as they continued to listen.

"According to the observation team, they believe they have discovered the truth of the Universes creation and are dangerously close to destroying us all with their foolhardy work." 

Concern and fear spread across the room as the council members considered the dire consequences should the experiments fail. "There is no other way, someone will have to go to him and ask for his help, who should it be?" a voice from the back of the room called out.

mumbles broke out among the gathering scientists, "You can't mean... him? Why would he help now?" another voice replied.

"We have no other choice it seems" the council head decided "I shall make the arrangements, I can only hope he no longer fears their reckless nature as we do, I just hope he will listen."

"Do you not remember the last time he tried to control them!? He sent his so..." a voice tried to complete the sentence but sobbed and could barely continue "They killed him! He hasn't spoken to any of the galactic species since then and certainly hasn't troubled himself with the Humans ever since it happened, why would he help now?"

"The Humans are trying to carry out his work, repeat his experiments, surely he won't stand for that? either way, we must try or we're all doomed" and with that, Grom returned to his ship and immediately set course for the center of the galaxy, to the super massive black hole where he retired to, away from all life so he could mourn alone.

"Open the comms, send the strongest signal you can directly into the black hole" Grom ordered

"Channel open" the comms officer replied

"Here it goes... God?"



