"So you see, although we can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark, the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light."

Not this shit again.

"Ah, so you've come to join us again? How, pray tell, can your humble servant Plato aid you in your pursuit of the light?"

"Earth almighty, you block-headed clod, this is the third time this month we're having this conversation! And don't tell me that all you know is that you don't know anything, as if it's something to be proud of! Alright, let's start from the beginning. Again. For the tenth time. What do you think keeps us in the dark?” 

“We are bound here by the chains of our own ign-”

“No, you boulder-headed moron, it's because the ozone layer boiled away three hundred years ago, and the UV radiation will give you thirty-one flavors of cancerous death in minutes. Look, if they light's not so bad, why don't you lead the way up, buddy?” 

“I hardly see how that's relev-”

“Right, because the minute you set foot up there you'll get eye-cancer and throat-cancer and gut-cancer and ass-cancer, although you'd probably be safe from brain-cancer, seeing as you don't have one. And stop calling yourself Plato! You're not Plato, you're Dylan Johnson, and if you don't stop slacking off, you'll be scrubbing every last one of those johns with your toothbrush!”

“So tell me, why are you afraid of my words if they weren't the truth? Why lock away the works of Plato unless you didn't want them read?”

“I've explained this before, nobody locked away Plato's or Marx's or anybody's works! The library keeps that garbage in the back because nobody in their right mind would ever both reading it. And don't tell me it's not full of shit either! Here, look at the conclusion from this paper written a century ago: “After analyzing Plato's works using standard statistical inference tools, we have discovered strong evidence (p<0.01) suggesting that the works of Plato can be empirically categorized as FOS (Full Of Shit).” And there's hundreds more like it! Geez, you think all those grad students get degrees picking their nose? So can you get back to work now?” 

“I- I'm sorry boss, I'll get back to work.” 

“Alright, hop to it. And don't let me catch you with your nose in any of that shit, or you'll be nose-deep on work-time too!” 