######[](#dropcap)

"Hail to you," shouted the man from the base of Mount Olympus, "and a very good morning, Hermes, God of Travel and Communication!"

Hermes was seated upon a large outcropping of stone at half the mountain's height, sunning himself in the midst of a warm summer morning. At his present size, he obscured nearly the entire peak. He opened his eyes and looked down.

"Hello," said he (being very careful to whisper, for of course such a small human would be sensitive to his booming voice). "Are you, perchance, a wayward traveler who seeks my help in returning to his home?"

"Nay," replied the man. "I am Gregorios, son of Omiros, loyal footsoldier of the Army of Greece." He paused. "My friends call me Greg."

"I see," said Hermes. "You are well met, Greg, son of Omiros. What may I do for you this fine day?"

"Great Hermes," said Greg, bowing low before the god, "I ask your assistance in convening the gods as my audience, chief among them Zeus, God of Lightning. It is a matter of great urgency and you are my first recourse."

"And a wise recourse it is," replied Hermes, "for I have been known to entertain such requests on occasion. Tell me, what shall I tell the Pantheon is the reason for your visit?"

"O magnificent Hermes," said Greg, and then paused once again.

"Yes, Greg, out with it."

"I would very much like to punch Zeus in the face."

Hermes stayed silent for such a length of time that Greg worried the god had somehow fallen asleep. Then Hermes shifted. He lifted himself from the great mountain, causing loose boulders to tumble to the ground. Then, before Greg's eyes, he shrank down to the height of a normal man. Presently, he stood directly in front of Greg, their faces even with each other, and turned one perfectly crafted ear to the young soldier.

"I'm sorry," he spoke, "I believe I may have misheard."

"I apologize, Your Greatness," said Greg. "As I was saying, I would very much like to punch Zeus in the face. I would have an audience with him, and with any god who chooses to bear witness."

Hermes looked upon Greg with shock. "Surely you jest, son of Omiros!"

"Nay," said Greg, "the gods have not blessed me with such a sense of humor, nor do I find myself amused by my own request. This is quite a serious matter."

"But you are merely mortal! I mean no offence," the god said hastily, "but no man has dared such a request since the birth of the world!"

"Then today shall be the first," replied Greg, "and all the better for it."

"What reason have you to pick a fight with the God of Lightning?"

"There will be no fight," Greg corrected, "only a single punch, bestowed by myself. I will have no protest from him."

"Such insolence!" cried Hermes, clearly distraught. "You seek a suicidal goal! Tell me your reasoning, or I shall surely die of confusion and distress!"

Greg began his explanation. "Great Hermes," he began, "I have told you already how I am a loyal footsoldier of the Army of Greece. My father was also, and his father before him. These past several months, I have been away fighting on the northern border of our great country. The battle was fought hard, and won handily, and I returned to my home country bearing good fortune and wealth plundered from the heathens.

"And as I entered the village," Greg continued, "who should greet me at the gates but the Oracle, whom I have known from my youth to be blessed with godly insight, and the gift of prophecy, and the wisdom of many men. And as he appeared, I knew in the pit of my stomach that he came bearing unfortunate news."

"And what did he say?" said Hermes, enraptured by the bewildering tale.

"The Oracle said thus: that as I was away, the god Zeus appeared to my wife, Thekla, and had his way with her. She is now pregnant, and quite sorrowful, for she intended herself to be mine alone as long as we both live."

"I understand now," said Hermes, after a brief moment of thought, "the reason for such a bold request. But surely you know that Zeus has had relations with many Grecian women in the past. Your wife is not the first, and even if you are granted such an audience (which would be very rare indeed), she assuredly would not be the last."

"I have thought about this matter for quite some time," replied Greg, "and have taken such considerations into account. Yet my request stands."

"And what if Zeus decides to take his revenge upon you for such an ignoble humiliation?"

"I shall have my assurances from him beforehand that he will not do thus."

Hermes shook his head in frustration.

"I am content to wait upon the base of this mountain," said Greg, "as long as I draw breath. But I will not be denied."

Hermes hemmed and hawed hesitantly, convinced of Greg's sincerity but also fearful that Zeus would have his head. But at last he was won over. He beckoned Greg to follow him, and they walked up the mountain together. It was a long and arduous climb for a human, yet Hermes was impressed by Greg's fortitude. Presently they arrived at the gates of the realm of the pantheon.

"Wait here," said Hermes, "and I will retrieve your audience." Greg sat on a small, flat rock as Hermes entered the realm.
***
"Hermes?" asked Aphrodite, as he closed the gate behind himself. "Who is that at the gate? Is it a human?"

"That it is."

"Oh, how exquisite! It has been so long since we've had a human at the gates!" She clapped her hands in delight. "A feast shall be prepared! What is the occasion?"

"Gregorios, son of Omiros, seeks to punch Zeus in the face."

Aphrodite dropped her jaw. "What!"

"And he is very adamant about it." Hermes walked quickly to the palace of Zeus. "Gather the others. They will want to hear."

The Twelve Olympians were gathered quickly, but the meeting did not begin for quite some time. Word spread, and many of the immortals were gathered to hear the bizarre tale. Even Hades, God of the Underworld, left his post in the charge of his loyal servants and ascended to join the collection. In the presence of the assembly, Hermes recounted the story of Greg.

"By the sea, what a tale!" said Poseidon.

"Quite an entertaining madness indeed," replied Dionysus.

"Surely a song of his quest will be commissioned?" requested Calliope.

"Perhaps," replied Apollo, "though it will have quite the unhappy ending."

"He is unworthy of combat!" cried Ares. "His is a fool's errand!"

"He is no fool that I know of," said Koalemos.

"Is he a strong man?" asked Kratos.

"He is certainly not very wise," replied Athena.

"But he is in love with his wife!" spoke Aphrodite. "That is worth all the world!" The others agreed with this last statement, though some were loath to admit it.

"Great Zeus, what say you?" asked Hermes. "Will you grant his request?"

Zeus sat with his arms folded in the center of the Great Hall. He huffed to himself.

"I am not in the habit of being punched by humans. It is ridiculous."

"He will not be dissuaded."

"No."

"But Zeus-"

"Oh, just give the man what he wants!" Hera, seated next to Zeus, pointed a finger at her husband. "It is harmless! And you should be quite sorry for having troubled the poor man!"

"Hera..."

"It is one punch! What is the fist of a human to a god?"

The Great Hall was silent, until at last Zeus stood from his throne.

"Very well." He started toward the door. "Let us fill the errand quickly, before my mind is changed."
***
Greg was still waiting patiently upon the rock when Zeus stepped out, followed by nearly two-thirds of the Pantheon.

"You," said Zeus, pointing. "Do you still wish for an audience?"

"I do, Great Zeus. I am Greg, whose wife Thekla you have taken unduly for sexual relations."

"Thekla," Zeus murmured. "Yes, I remember."

"I would very much like to punch you in the face."

Zeus stared at him. "That is truly all? One punch?"

"Yes," replied Greg. "I shall punch you in the face only once. You will not fight back, or turn your cheeks to stone, or resist in any other way. Then I shall depart, and never bother you again."

Zeus took another brief moment of consideration. It seemed to him a trick, where some more dastardly embarrassment was waiting in the wings.

"That is all you want?" he asked again.

"Yes."

"Very well." 

Zeus stepped forward, and the Pantheon gathered around to watch. Greg waited until all were settled. He took the time to warm up, wringing his hands to increase the flow of blood to his right fist. Once the audience was all in place, Greg sidled up to Zeus. As with Hermes, they stood eye to eye. Slowly, Greg drew back his hand.

Then he punched Zeus in the face.

Zeus rolled his jaw and shuddered lightly, taking a single step back to improve his balance. In his current form, he judged that the blow, while strong for a human, was not much to dwell on as a god. The pain diminished rapidly, and he was none the worse for wear.

Greg nodded. "Thank you, Great Zeus."

Zeus blinked in confusion, expecting more but receiving nothing else. "You are welcome, I suppose."

Greg promptly turned and began his trek down the mountain, returning the way he came.

All in all, the gods were satisfied (if a bit underwhelmed), and each returned to their homes. Thekla later had a son, whom she and her husband raised as their own. They named him Angelos. Greg was a noble father, and Angelos, being the son of both man and god, was a captivatingly handsome and strong young man. His parents were honest about the circumstances of his birth, but ultimately they did not dwell on the matter long.

And Zeus went on to seduce many other women in his infinite lifetime, as Hermes had warned he would. But every time, in the back of his consciousness, he was reminded once more of Greg, The Man Who Punched Zeus in the Face.
***
***
[Visit my sub! There MAY be more stories about Greek mythology?!?](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheCastriffSub)