"I'm not sure I understand, Doctor"

"Okay, let me try again.  Your memories hold the Universe into its current shape.  Memories restrict the Universe into consistency."

The Doctor got out a sheet of paper and drew long line through it, with a point in the middle.

"The future is not forbidden from taking on any shape, you see."  He said, gesturing to one side of the line, and making further lines coming off of it, like tree branches.  "Anything that is possible can happen.  Anything at all.  Sandra Bullock could walk through that door and propose marriage to you.  You could find a winning lottery ticket on the sidewalk as you're walking home today.  A meteor could come and destroy us all, and you wouldn't even get to the end of this story.  "

He drew lines coming out from the 'future' side for each of these, shooting off in multiple directions.  "There is nothing stopping any of that from happening except your reasoning that they won't.  And that reasoning is based on your memories."

Now he started to draw lines coming out from the dot in the middle.

"Sanda Bullock is working on a movie right now.  And not near here.  Besides, isn't she married already?  So she can't walk through the door."  One of the lines from the middle cut through one of the future lines.  "And if there was a meteor coming, you would've heard about it on the news, especially if there was any chance that it was headed for Earth."  He crossed out another line.  "So that can't happen either.  As for the lottery ticket, well, that's just too unlikely."

He drew the center line right up to the other, but didn't cross it.  "Except, of course, 'unlikely' doesn't really stop anything from happening, does it?  It's just your way of doing magic in the other direction.  You can restrict the Universe from doing something without a specific memory of why it can't.  Of course, if you were pressed, you could probably come up with enough memories to add up to just about what you needed.  People don't drop lottery tickets.  At least not the type of people who buy enough of them often enough that they would have any chance of winning."

"But it's still not enough, right?"  The girl chimed in, having been listening all this time.  "The movie could fall through.  There are too many small meteors hitting Earth to report all of them on the news.  And people drop things all the time without noticing, no matter how important they are."  There was a note of urgency in her voice.

The Doctor smiled.  "That's right.  You see, Magic wants to be real.  And there's no way you can ever shut it out completely."

"So then why doesn't this stuff happen, then?"

"It does.  But it has to go through you first.  Magic only does what you want, and only if you let it.  It's really as simple as that."

The doctor lifted his hand from the paper and gestured over to the stack he had taken it from.  The paper lifted into the air and swirled into the pile, the markings on it now vanished.  The girl stood up, startled, and took a few steps back, knocking her chair over.

"How did you do that?"

The Doctor looked at her and smiled, putting his pen away.  "Do what?  All I did was move my hand.  There was always a chance that the paper could spontaneously lift up and move back into the pile without violating conservation of energy.  It was just a very low chance, and I guess that it happened."  He looked at the stunned girl and continued to speak.  "I can see you're far enough into this now to keep the memory, so I'll give you a bit of advice before you leave."  He stood up and took a few steps towards her, putting out his hand.  "Your memories are there for a reason.  Don't throw away more than you need to."

She shook his hand mutely and turned towards the door.  "Oh, and don't worry about the chair."  He said.  She turned back to apologize and found the chair already upright and back in place.  She mumbled something under her breath and quickly left the office.

*So what do you think?  Are you in?*  She thought to herself as she walked.
*I don't know?  How can that be true?  Has it been true this whole time?*  Her mind was swimming with possibilities.  *I mean, it's not like I can just conjure up-*  She looked down at the sidewalk.  There, under her foot, was the unmistakeable shapes and colors of a single lottery ticket.  *Someone must have dropped it.  Right?*  She bent down and picked it up.  *It can't be the winning ticket.  Can it?  I should find whoever dropped it.  But where would I find them?  How long has this been here?  Is it wrong to keep this?*  She started to walk again, still heading towards her house.  *I suppose at the very least this counts as an experiment, right?*

She turned on the TV when she reached her house to see if the ticket was worth its weight in magic or not.  *What if it doesn't win?  I mean, it probably won't.  Am I expecting it to?  Does that mean anything?  Do I want there to be magic?  Even if this isn't a winning lottery ticket, isn't this still too much of a coincidence to discard?  I wish I had taken that statistics class.*  Her mind grew anxious as the drawing came near, until finally it was time.

*Okay, so here goes.  What if none of the numbers match?  What if only one matches?  Is that expected, or does it mean something?  Where do I draw the line?What if all of them match but one?  Is that enough?*  One by one, the host read out the numbers.  *Match.  Match.  Match.  No Match.  Match.  Match.  That was the last thing I said, right?  All but one?  Does this count?  Is this magic?  Would it have mattered more if it had been the last one?  Would I still be wondering this if I had won?  Shit.*  She put the ticket down and went upstairs to bed.

*Okay, then.  You win.  Let's do this.  I believe in magic.  Take whatever memories you need for it.*  She thought of her mother.  *I love my mother.  Nobody has ever loved me like she has.  But you can take her if you need to.*  She thought of her friends.  *I love my friends too.  They've always been there for me.  Do you really have to take them?  I'll miss the good times lots.  But you can take them if you need.*  She was crying now.  *What's the matter?  Yes, I'm sure.  Always.  You can take everything, if you need to.  I'm ready.  I don't need to remember my name.  I just need yours.  I'll find you, I promise.  No matter what it takes.*

So I told you.  And you were born.