"All I really remember before it happened is the ticking of the clock in my room. My roommate, you see keeps it and I really think it's just there to annoy-"

"Listen son, that's not what I want to know. What I want to know is how you killed an entire mafia hit squad with this."

The detective lifted up a plastic bag with a slightly large cast iron button in it.  It had a little bit of blood on it, but beyond that you'd think it was pretty normal. 

"Sir, I'm getting there. So anyways, this clock is just so annoying. I stand up from my bed and suddenly I'm... Somewhere else."

"Son, are you high?"

"No really, I swear that's what happened. Now let me finish."

The detective sighs, then nods for me to continue.

"So here I am, in this big-ass building, like a museum or some shit. But it's got all these wicked awesome weapons and shit. You heard of excalibur, like King Arthur and shit? Well that was there. And they had this weird looking..."

"Alright, I've heard some shit in my lifetime but this..."

"Waitwaitwait stop! Listen. So eventually I find this pedestal and it's like calling to me. Like I try to walk away but I can't. Without thinking, I grab it and I'm back in my room. I look at the clock and I'm late. I got a date so I hustle my ass down to this nice place down on third, Apple Bee or somethin'. So I burst through the door, just as a gunshot goes off.  I basically break the door on my way in, tired as fuck, so one turns around to take a pop at me.  That's when it happened."

I pause there.

"What? What happened?"

"Well he shoots and he's pointing straight at me, but there's a loud ding. My hand was in front of me holding the button. The I'd caught the bullet, but it was like I hadn't see. From that point forward, it was like I was watching myself from above. I moved between this guys, palming this button, dodging bullets and shit. Eventually I smacked one on the head. It was like he'd been hit by a train. The rest were just as bad. I don't know how I did it."

The detective sat silently across the steel table.  I didn't know what else to say.

"I'm going to ask you again. Are you high?"