I used to be described as an abnormally helpful person. I went out of my way to help people, from helping old ladies across the street four blocks from my window to walking dogs for people who once seemed too busy to be at the park. I had to always go looking for people who needed my help and it felt fantastic. The look of surprise in their face.  
  
That all changed a couple of months ago. Whereas my friends knew I would always help them out with whatever they needed, strangers obviously didn't know they could ask. But then there was this one guy.  
I was walking through the park with Mr. Luca's german shepherd and the Jones's two poodles when I spotted the man ahead of me. He was lying on the ground, looking around as if to be searching for something. When his head turned to me, he immediately tried to suppress what seemed like an enthusiastic giggle.  
"Sir!" He waved at me, while trying to transform his face to one of pain.  
I came closer and the man let out a sigh of relief.   
"Oh thank the Gods good sir! I seem to have tripped over my unknotted shoelace! Might there be any chance that you, kind sir, could help me out?"  
Slightly surprised but also amused by his odd choice of words, I smiled "Ofcourse!" and reached out my hand.  
The man, however, nodded his head, while smiling friendly. "No, no, good sir. My apologies indeed, sir, but I meant ofcourse the knotting of my laces, ha ha!"  
Still friendly and determined to help out the world, I got down on one knee and tied his shoelaces. It felt rather awkward to do so for a man who seemed to be in his late thirties, but I decided not to judge.  
I stood back up and watched as  the man inspected his shoes thoroughly. "Yes. Yes, very good. Very good indeed!" He jumped to his feet. "Thank you, good sir! Sunshine Blueforests is the name, sir, remember it! Ha ha!"  
The man grabbed my hand with both of his hands and started shaking it thankfully. Then he quickly let go, turned around and without saying another word, walked away from me.  
For a couple of seconds, I kept staring at the man's back. Then I realized I had completely forgotten about the dogs I was walking. They were nowhere to be seen.
I spent hours looking for them, but for three young dogs to be free in this city, it would be a needle in a haystack. It felt terrible to tell the families that I lost their dogs.  
  
Two days later, I was still very brokenhearted. They may have been dead and it would be my fault. Just because I didn't pay attention.  
I promised a friend I would help him move to his new apartment that day. On my way over there, I was stopped by a woman in a strange, metal-coloured dress, who told me she lost her baby. I was not one to judge, but she seemed slightly too excited to have lost her baby, but trying to make up for my mistake earlier, I decided to help her find her child.  
She, however, decided to just follow me around. Whenever I turned around to look at her, it took her a second or two to realize she was supposed to be searching as well. Then she'd quickly turn her head and "search".  
I walked by a bar and through the window I saw something that seemed like the same strange fabric as the woman's dress. It was worn by what seemed like a baby, but didn't act like a baby. In fact, it acted like a grown man.  
"Yaaaay! That's my baby, you did it!" The woman started jumping up and down excitedly and then she started hugging me. "Thank you! Ha ha! Fantastic!" Then she hurried into the bar. I kept watching through the window as she walked to her baby, talked to it for a couple of seconds and then took it into the bathroom.  
  
I looked at my watch and saw I was 3 hours late to helping my friend out. How did that happen?!  
When I arrived, my friend gave me a scowl. They had already finished, but in the process, his father hurt his back and he had to go to the hospital. That would've been my job.  
  
The next day was even worse. I was on my way to help my grandmother with chores. Four people stopped my in the same strange way as the previous two. They all had strange requests and seemed much too enthusiastic. The first asked me to pick the best roses for his "romantic get-together" with someone who may or may not have been a fish. The second told me she'd need someone to look after her "wheelcycling" real quick. The last two both had something to do with animals who lived in forests. Each request seemed to be less inspired than the last.  
  
It didn't end there. Every day, the number increased and the requests were more useless. On day five, the 12th stranger asked me to hold his rainshield, because his hands were soar.  
On day fourteen, I was pretty sure that number 3, 7 and 13 were the same person in different clothes. Each time more excited than the other.  
  
For months this went on. I had no time to help out any of my friends. The second I woke up, I received letters, phonecalls, emails with the silliest requests from people with fake sounding names. Trying to stay true to myself, I never let any of them down.  
  
After three months, I woke up, got dressed, opened my front door and tried to fake a smile to the first person in line. The line didn't seem much longer than the day before, but I couldn't be sure. The line continued around the corner, where I couldn't see.  
I glanced over the crowd and in the 30 position, I recognized the face of my father. His expression was grim, his face pale. I immediately walked past the first 29 people in line, to my father. "Dad?"  
He looked up and stared at my face. "Grandmother died," was all he could say. He then turned around and left me with the long queue of strangers.  
  
They didn't seem to understand as one after the other all started shouting their requests. The thought of my grandmother was too emotional. "Shut up!"  
Immediately, all the strangers were silent. It was kind of scary to watch as they all stared at me. "Everybody get lost! I don't need your shit right now!" I was out of my mouth before I could think about it. As commanded, all the strangers turned around and walked away.  
  
For over two weeks I was left alone. I finally had the time to be with my family and friends again. I had just visited my parents and when I came back home, I found a small package in front of my door. It had my name on it, but no address or zipcode. Just the date. I picked it up and took it inside.  
  
As I unwrapped it, I dropped a letter that was taped to the bottom. I opened it and read:  
  
*My name is Sunshine Blueforests. I thank you for helping me tie my shoelaces. In recognition of your friendly endeavors, I decided to make a product in your name. I'm sorry for any inconvenience this invention has caused. I am sure it will become clear when you activate the device.*  
  
*I wish you many more shoelaces to tie.*  
*Best wishes.*  
  
That was the first guy. Did he have something to do with all the other strangers coming along?  
I put the device on the table and stared at it for a second. Then I pressed the on button and a hologram of my face appeared from the device. "Hello! I am the Millenial. Is there anything I can help you with? Anything at all?"  
  
I stared at my own face for a while. What.  