“So... Umm... Checkmate?” I asked quietly, as I had no idea what else to say, to do, even to think. The outcome was clear: Deaths king was trapped between the two pieces I had left, but it didn't seem right. I just won a game I wasn't supposed to win. I cheated death. 

No, cheating wasn't the right word. I won. Legitimately. And the eyes of Death himself grew even darker than they had been before as he realized it too. He stared at the king as if the piece had personally insulted him, and then his gaze started to wander. Slowly. It felt like an eternity, and I was completely petrified while he studied my face. When his eyes met mine, I saw various feelings raging in them — feelings that seemed way to human for an entity like death. It was like imagining... No, I couldn't think of a fitting comparison. 
But my idea of death was not capable of being confused. Or insecure.

“So it seems.” Death answered while reaching out to the board and pushing his king over. The piece tumbled, fell, but unlike all the others it did not disappear, laying there like a trophy, a trophy no one should be able to obtain. 
Yet I did.

“What now?”

“I don't know.” That was not a satisfying answer, and if I was honest with myself, it freaked me out. Death, a being as old as time — or maybe even older — had no idea.

“There are no rules for that?” 

“No. Not like there are rules for anything. I am Death.”

“Right.” We both fell silent, while he again stared at the board, probably trying to understand how I won that game. I didn't know. I just did what felt right at that time, after all, I had never been good at chess. Or any other board games. Or games in general. Not that this had anything to do with the situation I found myself in. “Can I go back?” I dared to ask, not knowing where I got the courage, without even actually thinking about the words that came out of my mouth. Once again, an eternity passed, before he finally answered.

“Why would you want that? Life is cruel, as far as I know it. In death, one can find peace.” He was right, most likely. No, he was just right. Yet I couldn't hold myself back once more.

“Probably. But... I never had a chance to experience it. How could I appreciate peace if I never knew distress or conflict?” Death tilted his head.

“Oh you pure little soul... Would you believe me if I told you I don't wish you any of it?” I would. I did. Without hesitation. Death was honest, but I was determined, and as he saw the look in my eyes, he sighed. “I can't let you out. But *if* you had a key to unlock the door and slip through, nothing would force me to hold you back either.” He said, only to disappear in thin air the moment after. But I could feel the distant warmth of a smile as I looked at the fallen king.

--------------

When I once more entered the room, he was already sitting in his chair. A slight smile appeared on his face, as he pointed at the other.

“White goes first, dear.”