"Well I'm really bad with dates, you know?" He told his girlfriend Danielle as they walked through the mall with their friends. They had taken a temporary stop in front of a Gamestop while their friend Green to the Starbucks stand. 

"Uh-huh." She said, only half listening. She held Angels hand and was on her phone with the other.

"Like, I still have trouble remembering if your birthday is August 28th or 30th."

"30'th." She commentated. She briefly looked up and smiled. "Don't worry, I know you'll remember it next time." She then went back to texting her sister.

"And I forgot when christmas is." Danielle's eyes snapped to him. Her eyes weren't  necessarily open with shock or despair, although that was there. It was more so the look you give your baby brother when they start rock climbing the dresser twice his size in an attempt to grab the family tv and he's succeeding.

On one hand, you're silently impressed by the sheer commitment they have to being that dumb. It's actually kind of adorable.

On the other hand, what the **fuck** is wrong with them?!

"Ahhh, I love me some Moca." Green smiled as she approached the couple while sipping from her straw. "Huh, whats going on?"

"How do you not know what day christmas is?!" Danielle asked dryly.

"I just don't okay?! I never remembered it." He said in a panic.

"Angel, its Christmas. How do you not know when Christmas is! What's the month? At least tell me you know that." She asked with a shake of her head. Green looked at both of them with a bemused smile and decided to sit down at an empty table.

This could take a while.

"November right? No, wait its-"

"Ah! Why would you think its in November?" Danielle asked in horror.

"November just always sounded like a christmassy month okay? Like, October is orange so its halloween and November is green so-" He said in attempt to justify himself.

"What the hell are you even talking about-" 

"It's December!" He said in triumph, cutting her off.

"December, what?" She asked bluntly.

"December...30'th?" She shook her head.

"..."

"24'th?"

"..."

"Is it even in December?" He asked sadly, he was such a puppy sometimes.

"YES, Angel. it's in December." She groaned. "How did you ever even figure out when christmas was coming before?"

"Well elementary and middle school always ended a week before Christmas day for christmas break so I would just do stuff until it was Christmas day." 

"So, just remember the day you got out of school and add a week to it." She said. Angel looked up, something he did when he was in deep thought, then back down at her.

"I don't remember what day I got out of school."

"Hahah..." Danielle whimpered in despair while crumbling into the chair across from Green and banging her head against the table. Green let out a small giggle at Angels attempts to revive her and her refusal to move.

With a heavy sigh he gave up and fell into the chair in-between them.

"The 25'th!" She yelled while snapping her head, startling Angel into almost falling off of his chair and attracting strange looks from bystanders. "It's the 25th, of December." She said slowly. 

"Ok, ok I'll remember." He said in defeat. 

"You better." She said with her classic annoyed, but she wanted to smile face.

"The 25'th of December...the 25'th of December...the 25'th of December..." He muttered to himself in a chant. His eyes closed in concentration as he pouted to himself.

Danielle smiled, he may be an idiot sometimes. But it was stuff like this that she liked about him. He was just so cute and innocent, again like a puppy. She loved puppies. And she thought that maybe she was starting to love-

The smile suddenly fell from her face.

"What day is Halloween?"

The expression that Angel gave her in response caused Green to take a spit take and break into a fit of laughter as Danielle started to question if Angel knew the dates of anything.

-End-

An: This is modified and played up slightly, but based off of a true story. 

I wish I could say I was Danielle, but we all know I was Angel.

Anyway, my first romance type story and comedy story in a while really. Although I guess attempt would be a better word.  Any tips would be great.