"And what would you like to drink, Madame?"

*You shall wander the void for all of eternity*, the hollow eyed figure next to her whispered. *You will watch as all you love turns to dust. As all that you value is rendered worthless by the passage of time*.

"I would love to have some Celestial Wine today, thank you." Jasmine folded the menu and handed it to the server girl. It never ceased to surprise her that no one else could see him, and it had taken many thousands of years to master the art of pretending he wasn't there.

"Would you prefer that red, or white?"

*Death shall elude you like a scorned lover, and you will never know its sweet embrace. Life shall become a jealous mistress, never leaving your side, robbing you of your freedom.* 

"I think I'll have red, thank you."

"As you wish." The mousy haired girl gave a short bow and then walked away from the table. She'd been serving by Jasmine's side for... well, it was easy to lose track of time.

*And when all has turned to ash, and the memories you held so dear forgotten, you will have no release. The sun will devour the Earth as a hungry beast feeding on worlds, and you will watch as the last remnants of everything that ever made you happy is engulfed in scorching flames.*

Well, he was right about that much. Jasmine swiveled her chair around and pressed a button. The wall in front of her became less opaque as Earth loomed into view.

It had been many thousands of years since the last time she stepped foot on this planet. Honestly, many thousands of years since anyone had. When technology had grown to the point that settlement on the outer reaches of the solar system was possible, she'd been one of the first ones off. She remembered, distantly, that when the sun first turned red the Earth had been moved, but at some point it was decided it was a lost cause and the planet was abandoned entirely. 

It looked different now. No longer green and blue as it had been when she first left, but brown and dusty. Its oceans having long since dried up.

Generally, it was actually illegal to land on the planet, according to the Galactic Council, but Jasmine was considered a very important person. She'd made the most of her infinite number of years, and she had enough money that exceptions could be made. Political contributions that could and sometimes did fund the rise and fall of entire empires made her a kind of person that when she spoke, people listened.

"Here's your wine, ma'am." Jasmine was shocked out of her thoughts. The mousy haired girl was proffering a tray with a wine glass and wine bottle on it. Jasmine nodded and poured herself a glass.

"How long until landing?"

"Only a few hours, ma'am."

"Is there anyone on the planet itself?"

"What? No. It's uninhabitable." the girl blinked in surprise. Uninhabitable? When did that happen? Jasmine could have sworn there were people living here the last time she visited, but there's no telling how long ago that was...

Jasmine nodded, and the girl scurried away. This had become a kind of pilgrimage for her, and she considered that this may be the last one. That felt strange. A certain ping of sadness, almost.

*All that you have ever loved. Turned to dust.* He was standing next to her, staring out the window with those empty, hollow eye sockets. She studied his features in his reflection. He was short and old. He was clean shaven, though, with no trace of hair on his head or face-- even his eyebrows were missing. He was an old man of indeterminable race or origin, though Jasmine thought that maybe he was hysteric... or histrionic.... or something. It was an ethnic group from her youth, the name of which she couldn't remember. 

The old god wore a simple sheepskin cloak with a humble brown tunic, his frail arms clasped behind his back as he stared at the approaching planet. 

She'd begun to think of him more like an A.I. than anything else-- he wasn't really alive, so far as she could tell, and because he, like her communication assistant, had a tendency to always respond in the same recognizably mechanical way, she suspected he wasn't really sentient in the way that *she* was sentient. Maybe that's all any god was, she sometimes thought. After all, maybe A.I. were themselves forces of nature, just on a much smaller scale.

That thought comforted her slightly. When she was younger she resented the Hollow Man who followed her around everywhere she went, whispering ominous prophecies at her. How could he have done this to her? What did she do to deserve it? But, if he wasn't really alive, per se, and couldn't really *think*, per se, then her immortality was less divine punishment and more like a computer bug in nature.

*You have returned from whence you came, but there is no one here to welcome you. It is not your home, merely the broken foundation by which your home has long since collapsed and decayed.* He whispered. She rolled her eyes.

*All things end in time, save only you. Your happiness was long lived, but your suffering shall live longer still.*

The ship suddenly began to rumble and shake. Suddenly, an alarm sounded and red lights began flashing. Jasmine dropped her wine glass, which shattered against the floor.

"What's going on?" she demanded, but everyone was running around, screaming orders at one another in a panicked state.

*You will atone.* 

Distantly, she heard an explosion from somewhere. She stumbled across the shaking floor, falling against a doorframe and using it to stay on her feet. There were flames. And lots of screaming. But then... who was piloting the ship?

Jasmine pushed herself away from the door and rushed through the flames. They licked her skin and bit at her, but pain was an old friend. Those burns would heal, and they'd heal quickly. Jasmine's mind flashed, formulating a plan as she approached the cockpit of the ship itself. There were sparks flying from the automated controls, but the manual controls were probably still working. 

What was important was to make sure that the ship hit the ground in one piece. Then, if there were any survivors, they could work on repairing it. This wasn't the first time she'd been on a crashing ship, and she'd been through some variation of this scenario enough times to know that priority number one was not getting stranded.

 *Citlalic.* Hearing the name made Jasmine pause. Where had she heard that before? She turned. The Hollow Man was standing in the doorway, wreathed by flames. His empty, dark eye sockets seemed to absord all light in them-- even in the brightness of the fire, it was like staring into an abyss. *You have wronged me, Citlalic.*

Jasmine shook her head. Something was off. Different about him. 

*All that you love shall turn to dust.* 

Another explosion knocked Jasmine to the floor. The gravity adjuster of the ship seemed to be malfunctioning; she felt pinned, and struggled to move. Groaning with effort, she was able to push herself up to her knees. She looked up, as the Hollow Man was now standing directly above her.

*Now you bow to me, but it is too late. I cannot be placated.*

There was another explosion, and everything went black.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

When Jasmine woke up, she was lying among the wreckage of the ship. The surface was hot, and it was difficult to breathe. She sat up and coughed a few times as her lungs attempted to adjust to the atmosphere. In the sky, the sun loomed large and red. Panic rose in her chest-- the ship didn't survive the landing. There was nothing left. She was stranded. No one had enough authority to come rescue her.

No. This... this wasn't...

A hand layed on her shoulder. She looked to her side. The Hollow Man was standing there, staring at her with those empty, lifeless sockets.

*All that you love shall turn to dust.* He pointed at the giant red sun in the sky. *And Life shall guard you as a jealous mistress, and Death will never come.*  