Pardon for the lack of links/formatting - this is my first time posting here. 
Part one.

It wasn't a bad death, as deaths go. She had gone quickly enough, smashed up in a collision she'd barely seen coming before it had already done her in. She'd only had time to see the driver of the other car. It had been a young man, young enough to perhaps have been a new driver, and the look on his face just before he'd killed her had been one of anguish.

She would've wondered if he'd lived, if he'd survived killing her, but the thought seemed inconsequential. It drifted across her mind and then out of her head again, finding no purchase. Life's concerns, its pains, had faded far into the distance as she ascended into the clouds, beautiful and colored in sunset. Her death didn't even register as a catastrophe anymore but instead as some kind of marker. It was only a beginning, nothing more.

The further she floated the more grounded her mind become. Thoughts were able to find purchase. Her eyes focused, looking around, wondering where she was. The clouds were growing thicker, obscuring her view of the ground far below and hemming in her field of vision. What was beautiful a moment ago quickly became oppressive. She frowned and batted at one as it enveloped her. The cloud only curled around her fingers. It seemed only the slightest bit disturbed by her movement, the tiniest whirl of a wisp curling out. 

Her frown deepened as the clouds around her darkened to the shade of a thunderstorm about to break, bruised with promise. She felt this was all happening very quickly, but then how would she know? Time seemed disconnected here, lost as she was in clouds and death. It could have been a minute or a millennia since her death. She had no way of knowing.

She yelped when she found herself suddenly not floating gently upward but instead yanked roughly forward into the heart of the thundering cloud as it roiled around her. For the first time since her death she felt a chill as a dire wind roared past with the threat of a truly magnificent storm curling in its wake.

Her feet touched something and she yelped again, looking down to see cracked stone tiles below her feet. In a ridiculous turn of events she found herself still wearing the outfit she'd had on when she'd died, complete with high heels and lace. It had been for her sweetheart, the entire ensemble, but now her lover would never see it. The thought held only the slightest hint of regret to it, of sorrow deep and dark and somewhere she could no longer reach.

She began to walk, the click of her heels matched by the rumbling of the thunder in the clouds around her. The sound echoed oddly in the vast expanse she could feel around her. The place had the emptiness of somewhere huge and deserted.

This impression was only reinforced when she almost ran headlong into a pillar. It was massive, soaring high above her head to be lost from sight in the roiling clouds. She craned her neck before realizing she wouldn't be able to see the top of the thing through said clouds, if she even could. It seemed tall enough that she would've only hurt her eyes trying.

She stepped back from it, made her way around its base, and found herself picking her way through rubble. The pillar was shattered at some higher point judging by the debris, and its remains lay in a maze that she had to now navigate. It was not easily done in heels but she found herself reluctant to part with them, a second later unsure if she even could. Maybe this outfit was the one that she would be in forever, fused to her spirit and soul in death. She didn't want to find out.

It was a strange thought, but not one she could dwell on long. The sheer enormousness of the place she was in was too oppressive, too present, and it felt... dead. Not dead like her, simply moved to another plane of being, but the cold death of a barren thing, swept clean of life. Worse, she felt as if something there, whatever it was that had swept through, was waking up from some terrible slumber.

She quickened her pace, clattering at a good clip through the ruins that now sprang up around her out of the mist that enshrouded her, though it was thinner by far than the clouds had been. Those same clouds now roiled above her, forming a ceiling that threatened its own violence at any moment. What form it would take was unknown but she felt sure that fearing it was a wise course of action and upped her pace, searching for anything resembling shelter.

When she stumbled over the body she screamed. She wasn't ashamed of that fact but did clap her hands over her mouth to stifle the sound a second later for fear of something hearing her out in that vast emptiness. Whatever was out there, if anything was, wasn't something she wanted noticing her.