(I hope you don't mind. I kind of changed it up a bit.)

"Ma'am, we've received several noise complaints of strange sounds coming from your apartment number." The police officer informed me.

"O-Oh, really?" I said, pretending to be oblivious. My voice cracked from the stress of my coughing fits and I held back the urge to cough again. "I-I'm sorry. I have a terrible cold and have been coughing my lungs up all day."

"Ma'am, some of these complaints were from residents on the seventh floor." The officer that had accompanied the other stated, folding his arms. "You're on the third."

"...It's a really bad cough." I rasped, trying to clear my throat without activating my power for the fourth time.

One of the police officers sighed. "Ma'am-"

"J-Judy. Just call me Judy." I stuttered, trying to hold back my cough. 

"...Judy. Do you mind if I and my partner have a look around your apartment?" He asked.

Oh shit...well, if I didn't willfully accept something would definitely seem suspicious.

"U-Uh sure." I cleared my throat, opening the door fully. "Go right ahead."

The two entered my apartment, giving the place a look around. One of them eyed a clump of dirt that was on the floor. "What's this?"

"Soil." I answered, trying to hold my coughs in. "I...I knocked over a flower pot. I was just about to clean it up when you guys showed up." I pointed to the terracotta flowerpot pieces I had set aside, and the glass of water that I had placed the already wilting flowers in.

"...ah, I see." The other nodded, seeming satisfied with the explanation. "Would you like any help cleaning it up?"

"N-No, that's okay." I demurred, clearing my throat. "Thank you, though."

One of the police officers went down the hall, to my bedroom, he peered in, and I held desperately held my coughs back, feeling my throat grow more itchy each second.

"Ma'am-er, Judy-your nightstand is tipped over." I heard one call out.

I went to call out in response, but decided that would only make my throat feel worse, so I went over to my room and smiled, trying to hold back my coughs. "My cold was really bad earlier," I managed out. "I had a really bad fever and had a dizzy spell. I've been resting in the living room so I must've forgot."

"Do you need medical attention?"

"N-No, I'm fine now." I assured. "My fever went down significantly."

The two gave each other a odd look before resuming their search. I smiled and explained any mess to them, but the truth was I just really wanted them to leave. I could feel my throat growing worse and I knew I was going to cough eventually.

Eventually, the cops stopped. "There...doesn't seem to be anything here." One of them turned to me. "I suppose the residents were mistaken. We'll let the owner know."

"Thank you for your time, ma'am." The other smiled just as the two were stepping out. "Take care of your cold."

"T-Thank you, I will-" My voice cracked, a string of violent coughs poured out of my mouth before I could stop them. I turned away, desperately trying to muffle my coughs, which only caused them to grow more violent.

"Ma'am, are you al-"

Whatever he was about to say fell flat when he saw a woosh of air erupted from my mouth, shooting down the hall and slamming into a wall. A set of pictures flew from the wall they were hung up on to the ground, and I heard sharp cracks as the glass of the frames shattered.

We were all quiet for a moment, the two cops staring at me with wide eyes, too stunned to say anything. 

"...Holy shit..." One of the cops whispered. "She's..."

I nervously looked at the two, and sighed. "...Yep." I nodded. "...I'm Dragonborn."

"B-But...dragons are dead." The other pointed out. "You couldn't...unless..."

I sighed. "Dragons uh...aren't actually dead."

"Huh?"

"They just became really tiny. Evolution and all." I explained. "They're rare, but they're like lizards now. Some of them can't even fly."

"How did you know? Did you search one out?" The cop pressed.

"N-No, nothing like that," I shook my head. "I only know this is true because..."

I rubbed the back of my neck and shrugged my shoulders. "...I accidentally stepped on one."