Here's a story board I have planned for this. I'd write it out in detail but I'm wall-to-wall classes and labs today, and I figure this thread will be dead by the time I can flush it out.

John finds Wayne in the city. Bruce can't Batman in public so he buys time. Nightwing shows and takes on Wick. Furious battle. Wick is beat up but Nightwing is shot thrice, non fatally. Wick goes to the Hotel to regroup. That's where Batman finds him. Batman gets some licks in before the Hotel staff starts coming after him. That's when Batgirl, Robin, and Huntress show. They pull Wick out and fight him as Bats fights the staff. The bat team does well until the kick Wick into a closed for the night gun store. Robin and Huntress both take bullets. Wick has Barbra in his sights as she's trying to save Robin when Batman shows back up. The two start their own private warzone on the Gotham street.

The fight is knock down drag out. Both men are pushed past breaking points. Eventually both take too much of a live granede and the fight ends without a winner. With three of the bat family sidelined and Bruce barely walking he puts in a call to Red Hood. Jason uses his contacts in the Assassin's guild to start locating whoever put the contract out. Bruce Wayne goes into "Protective Custody" in the outskirts of Metropolis. A barely recovered Wick finds him a little too quickly, but discovers it's a trap when Superman is there instead of Bruce.

Wick begins the fight with Supes who tries to talk him down against Bruce's advice. But the tables turn when Wick reveals he counted on Superman being there as soon as they moved closer to Metropolis. Using Krytonite Wick begins to get the upper hand on Supes. But at the last minute spares him saying he wasn't paid to kill the hero.

Jason gets a line on the guy who started the contract. Preston F. Prescott. VP of aquisitions at Lex Corp. Jason tries to find a link to Lex thinking it was the long time villain that had him do it, but it appears Prescott has been doing this to help him climb the ladder at Lex Corp. Wick tracks down Bruce to a warehouse in Gotham. He says between Batman and Superman Bruce must be protected from on high by the angels. "Not quite angels" says Batman as he shows up behind Bruce, who is actually Dick Grayson in disguise. The two have another fight that nearly kills both of them. It's only ended by a phonecall sent from Prescott who resends the contract after being tortured by Todd. Wick leaves the warehouse, Dick stops Batman from following as he's really beat to shit. Wick walks outside to three Green Lanterns, the Flash, and Hawkgirl. End Story.