I would love a cool origin story.  
Everyone else has one it seems-orphaned and adopted by alien parents, bitten by an arachnid, ultra-rays or the like.  
Heck, I still live with my folks and even have all 4 grandparents...along with the nosiest little bother, oops I mean brother.
I can pin down the exact day everything changed.  It started small but...well, you’ll see.

“Hey Boobs!  Yeah you!  Stick ‘em out!”
I looked and sure enough it was Ray living up to his self-proclaimed school bully status by harassing poor Tess.  She was scarlet and clutching her books to cover herself.
“Knock it off Ray!”  I met his eye and just well, WILLED him to stop this time.  It hadn’t worked the millions of other times I had said something but today?
“Oh.  Uh.  Hey.  Uh”. Ray froze? He looked like I had smacked him with a brick or something.  Then he turned red.  Then purple.  Was that an actual TEAR on his face?!!

“I’m sorry Tess”. He whimpered and RAN.
Tess and I were both totally floored.  Then she was ecstatic.
“Oh My God Lauren!  That was AMAZING!  What did you DO?!”
She was practically dancing in the hallway.  
“I don’t know!”
The bell rang.  First period, second period, study hall then lunch flew by.  Nobody bothered me-in fact when I look back on it now I realize that everyone was super-polite in all of my classes.  
Even the bus ride was unusually nice.  Nobody threw anything out the windows or even harassed our driver Dane.

The stop I get off at is not a bad neighborhood exactly.  Well, not during the day so much...as long as you mind your own business that is.  Today though-one of the junkies who always Harassed for change me met my eye and apologized!  He then mumbled something about “I will do better. I...I...can do better” and stumbled off!
My thoughts were spinning then.  SOMETHING was happening for sure!  As I walked further down the block a random dude laid a gun at my feet and told me most sincerely “I’m going to turn myself in today”.  
WTF?!!!  
I wasn’t thrilled about the gun lying there-and then he picked it up and said “I will bring this to the station for you”

SERIOUSLY?!?  

I decided I had had enough weirdness for the day and ran to our building-where a group of kids put down the spray cans and then picked them back up to COVER their tags.   My Feenley the jerk didn’t even TRY to grab at my ass as I went past him in the hallway.  

As I got in the door my Mom greeted me with a hug.
“Hey sweetie.  Uh, I got a very strange phone call from an organization-the WWP or something.  They are coming over to talk to you tomorrow after school”. 
She shrugged as if that was a normal occurrence.
“How was school today?”

“Mom, something really bizarre is going on”. I slumped into my favorite comfy chair and dumped my bag on the floor. 
“Huh. Really?  How so?”  Was she CLEANING without complaining? 
“Everyone has been really polite to me in school-and that gang that’s been tagging everywhere are painting a mural on our building!”
“Well Lauren, it’s a good day then yes?  I wouldn’t go worrying about good things like that.”  Mom smiled at me-then my phone buzzed.

“Hello?”  
“Miss Guchechest?  This is Sargent Paul from the downtown station.  I, uh,  well WE need you to come to Santander bank on the corner of Maple and 3rd street right away.”
“What?  How did you even get my number?”
“I can’t tell you that but the squad car should be pulling up for you now.  Please hurry!”

Sure enough as I looked out the grimy window there was a police car with lights flashing and all that.

That was two weeks ago.  




