Cool air gently brushed through my toes. I hate that feeling, so I pull them back into the blanket, and tuck myself deeper into it. I'm not ready to get out of bed.

Is that sobbing? I swiftly roll over to check on my wife, Sarah. She's looking at me with both desperation and love. Her eyes are red and flooded by tears.

"I can't save you. I've tried hundreds of times." Sarah said, shaking her head. She looked completely spent.

I can't move, or speak. Pure dread hardens in my veins like quick-drying concrete. I'm going to die today, and my poor Sarah has been trying to save me. I can't leave her. Not with so much to live for.

"When?" I finally whisper. 

"This morning." She said, looking passed me to the nightstand where my alarm clock rested. According to that little, evil, unbiased box, I had anywhere from minutes to hours to live. 

"How?" I asked. By now I'm feeling defiant. I will not let this happen.

"First it was a shooting at your office," She sad as she wipes a tear from her eye. "So the first thing I did was tell you not to go to work. You called in sick, and we were going to spend the day together. But then you tripped going down the stairs and broke your neck."

"What the hell?" I ask aloud. "Have you ever heard of such a thing outside of a bad movie?" 

"Since then I've seen you die hundreds of times. You've been stabbed, poisoned, bludgeoned, drowned," Her sobs grow heavy again. "...burned."

"Oh my God, baby I'm so sorry," I say as I pull her close to me. "You shouldn't have to go through this."

The agony of her pain overwhelms me. Just the heat radiating off of her fills me with so much love I cannot fathom why the universe would do this to her--us. Anger has yet to yield to acceptance.

"I don't know what else to do, I've tried everything," Her heaves relax. "But I'm never going to stop. I just can't."

I believe her. She'll keep putting herself through this, indefinitely, and there's nothing I can do to stop her. For some reason the universe has chosen me, this morning, to die.

Maybe I can't stop myself from dying, but I can stop her from trying to save me. I slide my arms above her shoulders and turn her so her back is against my chest. I lock her in a choke hold, and squeeze as tightly as I can. The very moment I begin, I feel regret, but rather than stop I just squeeze harder. I need this to be over. I need her to have peace. She flails her legs, claws at my arms and face, but with no blood flow her strength is practically gone. Her arms go limp in under twenty seconds, but I continue squeezing as hard as I can for several minutes. For her.

Finally, it's over. I lay her back down on the bed, kiss her face, and pull the blanket over her.

Just then, my best friend Terry pushed open the bedroom door. I was too busy killing my beloved wife to hear him come through the front door. I was too broken to explain what just happened.

"Oh my God," Terry gasped. His eyes expressed more amazement than horror. "How did you know?"

"Know what?" I asked.

"That she was going to kill you." He looked sincere, but how could he be so confused?

"She was trying to save me..." I say. "Right?"

"No, man, that psycho bitch has been killing you over and over again. I know because I've been reliving this day trying to save you."

"No..." I shake my head. "No, no, no, goddamn it."

"Look, your phone is off, right? Now check this shit out." Terry proceeded to show me a journal that my wife had been keeping. She talked openly about growing sick of me and imagining herself killing me. She had made plans to murder me in a variety of ways, always making sure that it looked like an accident, or at the hands of an intruder.

"But she was crying so hard..." I said, defeated.

"Was she, though?" Terry asked. He never fell for her charm, and often teased me for following her around like a puppy.

Maybe she was crying tears of joy for finding her true calling. Maybe she felt totally consumed by it. 

*"I don't know what else to do, I've tried everything," Her heaves relax. "But I'm never going to stop. I just can't"* 