The child resembled a dog or cat the first time they looked into a mirror, or saw snow fall for the first time. Full of wonder, curiosity and a feverish attention to understand what they had discovered.

The accident was one that many make throughout the world ever day, grab the wrong object from your bag presenting it as what you intended to give. This however, could have serious repercussions. A child reading a man's work... *not just any man,* I thought to myself, *one of the most notorious Prince's of all time.*

Few would think of Machiavelli as a good man, fewer still would call any of his writings, or philosophy a child acceptable reading. The world had come to see Machiavelli for all that was wrong with monarchies and despots. Of course they would unknowingly agree with some of his greater points: none would argue the death of one family to save millions is wrong or that the family in question be completely destroyed lest a surviving member sought revenge for his kin's sacrifice. Most follow Machiavellian-ism to some degree or another. 

"POLITICS HAS NO RELATION TO MORALS!" the child yelled running passed

His mother's glare was sharp enough to cut steel.

"What have you done?" she asked stunned, but fear in her eyes, "The Prince is not a child's book, do you know what what you've done?"

"It was an accident," I pleaded, "I pulled the wrong book from my bag and he grabbed it without question!"

"And you just let him run off and read it?"

Her tone had changed from a stunned caution to pure fear.

"What happens if he finishes the book?" she asked accusingly, "You never think about the repercussions of your own actions, you've always been rash."

The truth was I had thought it through, and my attempt to display it as an error had clearly worked. Soon he would begin to understand the philosophy that made The Prince one of the true legends of history and my hero.   


I had played the part the my father had asked me to, and his before him. Soon he'd know his great ancestors work, and the marquesses of Tuscany would rise from the ashes and back into prominence.  


This is only the beginning.