"I understand why you fear for my safety," Euphemia spoke gently as she approached the knight. "And why you fear for my kingdom," pressing her hands to her chest in mild gesture, her wide eyes emphasized her understanding. "But I cannot allow you to kill Rosa."

Slakter stared dumbly at the long forgotten princess, the seventh daughter of the seventh son, and sputtered a confused reply that was met with a slow, patient smile. "I do not understand, Your Highness. A dragon is a monster, a scourge on the land, and this one has guarded your palace for over forty-thousand years."

Euphemia nodded sagely, pacing quietly in her long, silk skirts. "I believed the same as you some time ago," she said clearly, and her voice was as the mistrals described. Clearer than water. Gentler than spring. "I feared dragons as I was taught to, raised to slaughter and destroy, but...my grandfather, Grandfather Abelard," she chuckled, "I'm sure you've heard of him...thought differently."

"Abelard?" He raised his head, "Abelard to Wise...patron of artists...master of peace...lover to..."

"Yes, Heloise the Divine," she answered. "She bestowed him a gift before she entered the convent, a dragon egg, and he kept that dragon egg. Oh, its beauty was glorious," she sighed, returning to that lovely memory the day she was introduced to the egg that had not hatched in over two-hundred years. "It's outer shell was made of rose quartz, so beautiful, so pink," she smiled. "And when she hatched? My parents were furious! They wanted it dead! But I couldn't...I wouldn't...and luckily for us, Grandfather Bernard felt the same."

The knight shook his head. Confusion draped over his pale features, and he sucked in a sharp breath. "No, no, no, we are taught in school Abelard loathed dragons," he recited. "He hated them and was responsible for their extinction?"

"Was he?" Her long skirts whirled and faced him, "Was Abelard as cruel as history taught you? Perhaps, perhaps not, Grandfather had many faults, but I will correct you on this, dragons are not extinct, dear knight."

"But he -," he stammered. "He killed the Dragon Mage!"

"Or maybe the Dragon Mage died of old age," she replied, flatly. "It was over 1.5 million years old, rumored to be older."

"And what of the others?"

"Relocated," she shrugged. "But with a thin enough tether to connect our worlds."

No. No. He shook his head, shock after shock destroying his world. None of this makes sense.

"But why," he rasped. "Why would he do such a thing?"

She started to walk away, and her thick, heavy skirts swirled with her, when her dark features faced him. "Do you want to know, dear knight," she asked, tentatively. This was a privilege, he realized. A privilege she was willing to revoke at any moment.

He swallowed, "I do."

"Well," her chin tilted. "How old are you?"

"What?"

"Answer the question."

"I saw my seventh hundred year this August, Your Highness."

"And how old am I?"

"Um...I..."

Something harsh and cruel deepened her features. Her dark eyes and skin glistened under the pale moonlight's glow, and she approached him until only a two inch distance was shared between them.

"I celebrated my 47,650 birthday this past December," she said. "Our neighbors life expectancy is 200."

He stood there, stunned.

"Now, I shall leave you with this," she pointed to the air. "Why is that so?"

No. His jaw flexed tightly. *No.* He kept his mouth shut, glaring denial into her back's center. She paused at the dungeon's entrance, soft smile playing on her lips. The door closed quietly, and above a dragon's roar thundered throughout the skies, shattering rose tinted flames into its clouds.