For ages, at least that's how it seemed, there was only darkness. I couldn't count my breaths, because it seemed as if I didn't need to breathe anymore. So I counted as high as I could possibly count. Three times. Finally, I could see muted yellow light. 

In an instant my feet touched solid ground. My legs shook, but I managed to maintain my balance. It looked as if I was in a cave. With tunnels leading every which way. 

Far off there was sound. A harmonica. The most beautiful playing I'd ever heard. I followed it. Winding my way through the tunnels, tripping over rocks. Finally, I entered a large grotto. The cave ceiling was high. Against the far wall sat a man. He was tall, had dark hair. His eyes were closed as he played the instrument. 

Suddenly the music stopped and he looked at me. 

"What are you doing here?" He asked me, his voice almost as melodic as the harmonica. 

"I'm not sure." I mumbled.

He waved his hand at me, "Then go, with the rest of them."

"Where, exactly, am I going? Since you don't seem too keen to tell me where I am." I sighed. 

He narrowed his eyes at me, "You're in hell. Aren't you going to leave?" 

I racked my brain. From what I could remember from the Bible. I'm pretty sure what I did justified me being here. 

"Again, not exactly sure where I'm supposed to go. This seems like the correct venue. Except... not as much eternal hellfire, damnation, and the wails of those who have sinned. Did I miss something?" I glanced around. If this was hell, it seemed as if the whole world had lost the memo. 

"You haven't heard about the loophole?" He asked me. 

I shook my head, "No."

"Ah. Well, if you fancy yourself a nice piece of heaven, you might as well go. God realized punishing sinners just wasn't righteous or what the hell ever." He went back to his harmonica. 

I sat down, crossing my legs, "Why aren't you there?" 

He stopped, hitting a sour note, "Because I'm the exception to the rule."  

"Why's that?"  

"You ask too many fucking questions." He snarled, setting the harmonica down. 

I shrugged, "Sorry. Who are you supposed to be?"

"It's fine. Just. Knock it off. I'm Lucifer. Better known as 'The Devil'. Stupid fuckin' nickname." 

"You don't look like the Devil." I commented. 

"Your people only got shit right about 3% of the time."  

I nodded, figuring as much. 

He shook his head, "Look. If you stay here I'm gonna have to set you on fire or something," He glanced around, "Fuck. Where'd I put my fire stick?" 

I chuckled, "Fire stick?" 

He nodded, getting up from his seat and glancing around, "Yeah. It's this bad ass stick that sets people on fire. Kind of self explanatory." 

"If there's a loophole for all the assholes who've done some realllyyy fucked up shit, why isn't there a loophole for you?" 

He stopped searching and shrugged, "Dunno." 

"How about I trade you spots? I'll stay down here and play music, and you go enjoy heaven?" 

"Do you realize how stupid you sound?" He scoffed. 

"About as stupid as murderers, child molesters, and tax evaders getting a get out of hell free card." I shrugged, smiling at the last bit. 

Edit: because I forgot a line. And clarification. 