"What do you mean, he has *fibular hemimelia* of all things! We'd modded that out in 2132!"
That was the first conversation I'd ever heard.It's a tough thing to grow up with, especially in the Age of Human Perfection. 2218's been nothing different.

My surrogate parents are, accepting, at least. It was tough for them. There were no doctors who could deal with it anymore, most simply decided amputation or euthanizing me was the best course of action; they even had to pay for it out of their own pocket. At least, that's what mom told me. But she said no, for some odd reason. I still don't get it myself, but she always tells me it was so, "you could make your own decisions when you're old enough."

It took years until we found a doctor who would be willing to take me in and operate on me, although the commute of being across the planet in Geneva didn't help with us being in Los Angeles. Getting there was cheap enough, we could manage to get there on the hypertrains, although sometimes the transits in London or Lisbon were pretty long. They joked about them all the time, they told me I’d laugh for ages when they told them.

Doctor Hassel was a nice guy (not that he’s changed much), he apparently told my parents everything, and we were set for an operation in a few months. Which gave my mom and dad enough time to get themselves together.
I was about two when I first went in, and from what I've heard they just gave me a little pill, and I was out cold in a few minutes. Next thing I knew I was awake and had bandages on my leg.

And that was how it went, every single time. Even this recent one I had, a few months ago. Pop a pill, go to sleep, wake up with bandages.

It's a little weird sometimes, the brace I have to wear to help me walk looks strange amongst everyone else's perfect legs with their regular shoes that don't have carbon fiber sticking out of them, and forbid I show my foot. It looks so...deformed among everyone else's. I accept it, though. It's how I was born. Everyone asks what happened, and I usually tell them, "it was just how I was born, I didn't do anything," which sometimes gets a 
surprised reaction. Like they were expecting me to have broken it or something.

I always wondered what would have happened if I was born in 2004...

