"It wasn't you, dummy!", I answered while eye rolling.

"Don't argue with me, creature", warned the Devil with contempt.

"Look, I'm a coder, you know what a coder is?"

"I know everything"

"Well, I'm not sure you do, the whole knowledge contains too much controversy, your head would blow up if you knew everything, you only know stuff you are comfortable with"

"Don't you dare to doubt my power!"

"No, really, how can you know modern physics, you belong to a limited cultural layer, that doesn't even intersect with science magazines, rather contradicts"

"One more world of detracting me, and I'm doing something bad to you"

"You can't, dude! Your nature is simply bigger, you do not present on the level of actually doing bad things, you're like an architect of the evil, not the bad guy"

"Ok, that's better! Yes, I'm important!"

"And that is exactly why you are wrong about me mentioning you too more then anything. I'm not an ethics philosopher, I'm writing about specific deeds"

"But I'm behind all evil deeds!"

"Not personally and not implicitly, don't take too many credit"

"I warned you about..."

"I don't care, dude! You can't do anything if I'm right!"

"But you are not!"

"As I said I'm a coder. I press that button and here's a sorted list of most frequently used evil characters. See? Hitler is above you"

"There's bug in your program!"

"Look who's talking. If I remember correctly, you were the bug in ideal scheme of existence"

"It's not a bug, things are just too relative, there's no white without black"

"Not too racist for you"

"It was a metaphor"

"Whatever. So, any more problems? Or I can go do my stuff?"

"It's up to you, I'm not even real, your sick imagination created me"

"Oh, good. I thought you're real and I'm becoming a lunatic"

"Actually you'd be ok if I were real"

"Really? Talking with a real devil would make me less insane then talking to my imaginary devil? Where's logic here"

"The logic is that if you..."

"Oh, you're boring. I'm calling Hitler. Hitler!"

A Hitler appears from nowhere.

"Yes master", says Hitler after giving a menacing glance to the devil.

"Get rid of this thing please"

"Sure", nod's the Hitler. "So, I heard you are from that jewish book, right?"

"You know what?", says the devil to the human character. "You suck. If I were a realistic character, I'd destroy you both without even paying enough attention to notice this act. You just can't create your characters real enough. They all sound the same. Even your Hitler doesn't have german accent. So, it's not me, it's you boring. So, fuck you guys"

The devil disappeared leaving Hitler and the human character alone in the room.

"So, how are you doing?" asked slightly pensive human.

"I don't feel like Hitler", said Hitler. "Maybe you suck indeed"

Hitler disappeared too.

"I don't suck", said the human character, and we could hear a glimpse of self-pity in his voice.