Some people have guardian angels but I was blessed with a guardian cat.  It’s hard to believe —maybe it sounds a little silly.  But whenever I’ve been in mortal danger a black Bombay has appeared and every time this little fella saved my life. 

The day I took Marsya on an aeroplane viewing over the Blue Water Lakes, the last thing I expected was trouble. 

That was until the pilot screamed, “We’re going down!” 

I dug my fingers into the seat cushions and looked at Marsya.  She looked back, eyes wide, mouth agape in a scream.  Her red hair streamed past her face, pinned back by sheer force.

“I love you,” I shouted. 

Marsya mouthed an ‘I love you’ back, her voice being drowned out by the screeching plane. 

Blue depths rushed up toward us.  The plane shook violently.  It could have been seconds or less but the drop looked like eternity. 

The black Bombay popped out from the overhead cupboard.  I gasped. 

The cat landed on the back of the pilot’s seat and yawned.  “Bin a long time, master.” 

My heart pounded.  Either I was going mad or the cat had really spoken to me.

“I’ve gone mad,” I said. 

Marsya glanced from me to the cat and then fainted. 

“I wouldn’t have picked such a lowly witch as your assistant,” the cat said. 

“Assistant?” 

“You know, someone that helps wiz-“ 

“I know what an assistant is.  Wait, helps who? And how can you talk?” 

“Wizards,” the cat said, yawning once more.  “Where would you like me to put the plane, master?  Or would you prefer to do that yourself?” 

I stared, mouth agape, noticing that the plane was suspended perfectly still but the insides remained unchanged.

“A time spell.  Nothing that you couldn’t fart out on a bad day, master.” 

My head started spinning, not only because of the drop in altitude.  I closed my eyes. 

“Wait.  Are you really a cat? Is this really happening?” 

The cat frowned and the frown was so human like that I gripped my seat a little tighter.  

“A cat?” The cat said.  “Master, if I’ve done something to deserve such insult, please punish me as you please.  I’m only a lowly familiar.  You created me this way.” 

“I’ve lost my mind.” 

“Understood,” the cat said.  “I’ll return once I have found it.” 

Just as quickly as I opened my mouth to speak, the cat disappeared and the plane groaned resuming its free fall. 

“Cat,” I screamed.  “Cat! Come back.” 

But the cat did not return.  And the ocean depths became closer with each breath.  