The line was long, and I was confused by everything.

Where am I? Why am I standing in line? Why does my back no longer ache and I can stand straight again?  Who are these people and why are they all wearing their best?

The line is on a hill and slopes down towards the front.  It soon becomes apparent that what this place is is indistinguishable.  I see no walls, but the sky is not blue or grey or anything, there is grass beneath my feet but looking up and around the green ground seems to go on forever until it meets the void.  

After some time, maybe hours maybe years, I begin to see something: a wall.  The guy behind me suddenly blurts out "what do you think that is?"  I can only shrug.  As we grow closer I see more: two doors.  Suddenly someone exits the second door.  He wails and cries out "mother mother forgive me! I'm sorry".  He collapses still wailing.  Two men suddenly exit the second door; both dressed in white robes and looking like security guards with sunglasses.  They carry the man off in some direction that didn't cross the line.  Long after I loose site of them I can still hear his wailing.

Similar scenes play out; broken men and women crying sometimes crying out for an unknown person, I can only assume a lover, a child, a parent or some similar loved one.  They cry out in many languages I recognize and many I don't, but I understand them, at least I understand their brokenness.

When I reach the door I become afraid, but the urge to open it becomes irresistible, I must open it. 

I swing the door open and fling myself inside.  I stand in my living room.  So I take a seat on my couch.  I can feel like there are a set of eyes peering deep inside me, I search the room only to see nothing.  That feeling grows until a door opens, I am to afraid to look this time.

A fimilar voices states "I am your judgement; I am the one who has felt the most pain because of you".  I know this voice, I must look.  I force myself to look, to look into my own eyes.

"What why you? Why not my son, or Carly, or my mother?"  

It responds "why would it be your son?"

I break down crashing to the floor and weeping: "because when his mother left I couldn't bear to see him, I abandoned him!  He grew up without a father!  He only had his mother!"

I here anger in my own voice, it rocked me to my bones: "He had his grandfather! He had a family and happy life despite you!  You never got join in his glory or his sorrow!  After a while he didn't even care that you left!"

Still sobbing I whimper "I still don't understand"

My mirrored voice sounds to be in a murderous rage "you fool! You did no harm to anyone but yourself!  All you did was run away from good things!  Your ex-wife moved on! She was happy after she left your unfaithful pitiful self!  Your mother missed you on her death bed but she was surrounded by those whom she loved and died in peace!"

It calms to a mere simmering anger "you have only made yourself miserable, you died slow and alone, left in a lonesome corner of a nursing home to rot! And it was your own fault"

I couldn't even pull myself to my feet I could only croak out "I want to leave" 

"I can't do it for you"

I must have laid there for days, finally dragged myself along the floor to the door.  The sorrow of my pitiful existence weighed on me like a ball and chain.  When I finally exited, the men were waiting for me, as they carried me I began to see a dark pit in the distance.

The pit grows closer and all I know is that I deserve the pit.