*OK guys, I am not really a writer and English is not my first language. I am thankful for any advice. Thanks for reading!*

This day really couldn't get worse.

Here I was, stranded at this damn Airport and not knowing what to do. Sitting at gate D89 with at least 120 other passengers, crammed into this uncomfortable seat and waiting for my flight. 

I was on my way to a business meeting, when I had a transfer stop. Here I learned that my flight will be delayed for an unknown time, since there is Maintenance needed. Which was a lie, I heard them think that they had to change the Pilot, because our assigned Pilot was too drunk to fly. The next Pilot is a „dead head“ and I have no idea what that means, but it certainly does not sound too promising. I should have learned Airportcode. 

I always thought I was pretty talented. Not in an arrogant manner of course, but I thought I was decently educated with a lot of perks on my side. I am shorter than the average woman, but I was still a pretty good basketball player. I am a relatively good singer. And I was saleswoman of the year for my company. Granted, that probably has something to do with the fact that I am able to read minds.

When I was a teen, I hated my gift. Everyone was so loud. Reading minds is much different than it is shown in cheap TV shows. There are rarely single, clear thoughts. The human brain is much more complex than that. See, you can think about you being hungry and craving the garlic bread your mother used to make and think about your best childhood friend you used to gobble these delishes things down with *All at once*
  working through these layers of thinking is exhausting.
Thoughts also don't always make sense. The average thinker doesn't know that someone is listening to them, since only 0.5% of the world population have this gift, so naturally, they don't elaborate their thoughts. It's not uncommon to come across something interesting like  *She really was a girl, huh* 

 It took me all of my adolescence to learn to just hear the thoughts instead of reading them. Nowadays, I just hear a monotonous sound. It's a little bit like white noise. I learned to live with it and I even use it to my advantage. Of course I kept it a secret, I would have never come so far in my career if people knew I was psychic. 

But man, I really wish I knew Airport Code now.

I sighed and I got my headphones out of my pocket in an attempt to relax. I put them on and leaned back in my seat when I heard it. 

Out of the general Background Noise I heard him *„ I know you are listening“* .I was a little shocked first but then I saw that this idiot literally looked at every god damn person in this gate with this annoying I-know-your-secret stare. *I know you are listening to me ! You have to be listening to me, I can feel it ! How are my thoughts ? ARE'NT THEY INTERESTING?!?*

I cringed internally. Surely that idiot is going to stop thinking about the one psychic that statistically has to be in the room. Gosh, he is so LOUD. 
I put the volume on my headohones higher, but it didnt help. I could still hear this annoying, screechy voice. 
*YOU CANNOT IGNORE ME, I AM THINKING IN A VERY HIGHPITCHED VOICE JUST TO MESS WITH YOU SINCE I HAVE NOTHING ELSE TO DO.*


Jesus. What is this guys problem? Ok, you can do this, breathe in, breathe out. I have never shown my gift to anyone and this idiot is not going to make me reveal. 

I turned to this little girl to my right. She smiled at me, I smiled back at her. I tried to concentrate on her feelings, surely the thoughts of a little girl will be pure and sweet and maybe they help  me to ignore this dipshit, that is still screaming *HOW DO YOU LIKE MY THOUGHTS* 

*I hope auntie Lulu make real turkey this year , she thought. I want to have a pony for my birthday, but I don't think I will get one, daddy doesn't like horses. I really love daddy though. Maybe Sofia can come over if I ask ni-* 

*I KNOW YOU ARE STILL HEARING ME!!!* I flinched a little. Thankfully, that idiot did not see it. Enough is enough though. I cannot take it anymore. I decided to go to the restroom just to escape the thoughts of this idiot. I stood up when suddenly, a man rushed towards this dipshit. He grabbed him by the collar and screamed in his face „CAN YOU SHUT UP FOR ONE GODDAMN SECOND YOU INCONSIDERATE ASSHAT!“

Everything else happened very fast : Security officers escorted the man out while one paramedic took care of the idiot, that made my waiting at this gate a living hell. I looked after the other now revealed psychic and thought *thank you. How can I thank you properly for making this idiot shut up? *


And that is how I  met my husband.