Salutations other Snillocs.

As many of you know, there has been a recent development in our Astrological Science Service: the Observationatial sector has come across another planet with alien life!

The planet, based on what our satellites could pick up, appears to have been named "Earth." The aliens that reside upon this planet are not anything like us Snillocs.

They are bipedal creatures in varying shapes and sizes, and they seem obsessed with putting colorful matter in their faces. We're not quite sure what this process is, but we assume it to be their way of eating.

Those are just the surface-level differences. Based on the few months this planet has been observed, these creatures would seem to be highly intolerant of any foreign entity like us coming into close proximity. Not to mention the erratic weather patterns that are making finding a decent landing zone quite the problem for our experts. Some areas are riddled with this cold and white fluffy substance, while other areas are piercingly hot from the Great Orb in our solar system.

Many of the creatures appear to be obsessed with some sort of rectangular device. They always hold it in their hands, (which they only have two of and cannot detach as it may cause fatal injury) and even put it up to what we assume to be their hearing holes. 

One particular specimen is currently writing some sort of prompt on the device. Not sure what the prompt is, but that specimen has definitely written a book or two.

If we are to ever investigate this planet, we would first need to develop a protective suit that would shield us from their weather. 

The next step would be to disguise ourselves as one of them. Our hologram technology should be enough to fool them, as their vision can only detect a small number of wavelengths. 

I think if we capture one of these aliens and study it, we could be able to develop better ways to assimilate into the planet. 

This has been a special report brought to you by Snilloc Head Interpol Tech - the leading provider of all technology related news on our planet, Trekan.