*As day turned red, within smoldering flames - a heavy blood mist proved intoxicating to ones sanity. Without provocation, warning, or even sound, our modest, yet willful kingdom had been brought to it’s knees.*
 
The shackles proved too much to bear, as men tumbled from their homes, in deep conflict with adversaries of another realm, To protect their children, and in some cases, in a display of futile desperation - - their children’s children. The old, the young, and the women were first to go. Their empty husks seemed to empower the monsters; it was as though they could taste their effect in a physical sense.. and it was, simply put, disturbingly nutritious.

In the end it was left to those who had lost everything to preserve at least a fragment of their society.. and what better symbol than the princess herself. They hadn’t made it far before a stray terror had sought them out. Of the 14 who were fleeing the kingdom - this one terror discarded their count to a singular measly soldier before being subdued. Who knows if they even die the way other mortals do, but alas, the princess was fine for the most part. A red-orange scar had appeared on her tummy.. from a murderous attempt the terror had taken. Bleeding in a mortal fashion, the soldier wrapped the child, and continued into the woods.
 
Desperate for aid, he turned to lore passed down through generations, and forced his way down an ancient path riddled in petals. Coming to a scenic opening of forestry, a single tree stood tall..
 
*“Aru’ik”*, the soldier mustered, calling to an ancient legend that he himself doubted.
 
In that moment, there was nothing - the forest fell silent as though mocking him for his pitiful attempt. His kingdom had been lost, and now, a child would die within the wilderness. He sat in his failure, coddling the child. As he took his last breaths his vision ran dry, and his ears grew tired, just as his heart did.
 
Even through death’s embracing hand - he could see a massive split in the tree as Aru’ik, lord of the Forest, slithered from the gaping hole. He was a Dragon of Misconception: small, wingless, six legs, antlers, and deep green skin with floral highlights. The creature even had what appeared to be armor of bark.
 
*”Please.. Aru’ik”*, the soldier wheezed as he held up the infant..
 
He had no doubt that this was not a request - humans have a bad habit of guising their needs as wants, and their wants as needs.
 
This human needed him, and with a simple extension of his tail - he constructed a flower bed for the infant.

The other human needed him too, he could see that, and with a simple extension of his arm - he too would have a bed of his own beneath the Earth.
 
Although, carrying the child revealed something strange - as he turned towards the flower bed he unraveled the synthetic comforts humans were so fond of, and he saw the glowing red-orange mark..
 
It was this moment when the blood mist seethed in.
__________________________
 *part 2*

The dragon slowly receded back into his wooden giant - the human child secure, and slumbering within a bed of flowers which he held at the end of his tail. Having been commanded to, the tree repaired itself, shrouding dragon, and human alike within it’s protective guise.
 
“Enclosed within the tree I am connected with the earth directly. Through my scales sprout roots which link me to *my* forest. Why, how I’ve slept - everything is teeming with life.. but I can feel my children dying. Far off into the distance, yet closing in, destruction wonders in loose pursuit.” He had thought to himself.

That’s not all, *Aru’ik winces, and settles into a concentrated trance*, this mist paints my forest red. A prelude to madness... “I feel something else.. something imminent!”, he exclaimed, and just as he had the tree ruptured open; Aru’ik swiftly obeyed natures will. He leaped from his den with piercing speed - smashing against the ground generating a shockwave of earth. A red smoldering streak of blood, bone, and corpses slammed against the tree of Aru’ik. Snapping it throughout, and sowing corruption deep into it’s roots. As it fell, all of it’s leaves withered away in a display of total destruction.
 
Within a moment, Aru’ik had witnessed the destruction of his nest.. he stood still, now fully embarked in armor. Howls raged in the near distance - quickly closing in, Aru’ik readied himself for what he knew would be bloodshed.
 
**“Come, then!”** — his voice shackled the very trees before him, and they bent to his will so that he may see his adversaries. He stood tall on his back legs, snarled, weeped streams of water for his lost home - then let loose a primal roar. This only made his pursuers hasten their approach, so he too, began taking his steps forward. Each step with his hooves sprung piercing roots. Each breath exuded launched poisonous spores. At last, they were upon him - the first beast lunged forward between Aru’ik’s legs aiming for the child. He called upon thorns to impale the creature - who still desperately clawed towards the child.
 
“Why are you so determined?” Aru’ik whispered, what fiends plagued his land? Their desperation to kill this child is disturbing, *Aru’ik stomped the creature beneath him to silence it’s pursuit, and snags three others that attempted to run by him*
 
“Speak, I command it”, but all they mustered were gasps, moans, and cries - - so he slammed them into the Earth repeatedly until he felt that they were done. Most things die quite tragically, as the power of life extinguishes, it’s a spiritual bomb that launches the deceased into their next plane of reality. These creatures.. these beasts - - they were just the opposite. Tragic in life, but their end is so mundane as if it were just a simple release of vague consciousness.
 
He continued his defense successfully for a moment before things began to clear - and he took the opportunity to flee further inland. His heart was heavy under the burden of preserving this human child, and for that of losing his home. For his beautiful gardens now coated in red, and for coming punishments that would undoubtedly come his way. Aru’ik had broken draconic decrees.