"Hey Eric, how are the TPS reports coming along?" I asked as I sat down to my usual table in the cafeteria. 

"Finished those this morning, we're having a pretty good day so far." they said. 

Eric always used "they/them" plural pronouns, and since it was [current year] everyone had just accepted it without too many questions. What had surprised me more was that I seemed to be the only one who noticed that our coworker "Mr. Unum" was actually a collection of otters in a trenchcoat. When Eric wasn't around some of my coworkers privately thanked me for eating lunch with them, but they didn't talk to Eric much. After all the mass shootings in businesses and schools in the past few years they were glad someone was willing to socialize with the strange guy in a trenchcoat, even if they were too cowardly to be the one talking with them themselves. 

"What are you doing this weekend?", I asked as I started in on my roast beet sandwich. Eric had a bucket of clams and was smacking them loudly against the table, breaking them open, and greedily shoving them into various pockets, holes, and openings in their coat. The telltales were all there, I couldn't believe that the rest of my coworkers hadn't figured it out at this point.

"Oh we're taking our wives to Olympic National Park!"

"Didn't you go there last weekend?" 

"Yeah but the family lives out there so you know how it goes." We talked about our families and the various national parks we'd visited for a few minutes while we finished our lunches.

"All right, have fun. I've got to get going."

"We'll come with you", Eric said and wobbled upright. As we walked down the hall towards our cubicle together Eric was asking about water beds and if any of the high-end models had a small wave generator to simulate movement. I had to tell them I didn't know, since my parents had had a water bed but I'd never really thought of getting one for myself. 

As we turned the corner to our cubicles we were stopped by our boss. "Eric! I know you didn't want any kind of celebration but I just wanted to take a minute to congratulate you on the anniversary of your 5th year with the company." "Thank you Scott!", came a voice actually originating in Eric's left knee, but Mr. Adams didn't seem to notice and went on his way.

"Let me know if you end up finding a good water bed." I told Eric as I kept walking. "Will do!", they said as they shambled down the hall to yet another meeting with the junior VP.