Dave sat at the table outside the cafe drinking his tea and talking to bob. the backdrop to this conversation was a view of the road that went down the hill past the buildings. three intersections down, susan was doing battle with a giant turtle monster on a cross-street. 

"well," said Bob "I dont think its really fair that the professor is being such a hardass on the turnin dates for our homework. who has the time to get everything done and work part time to pay for school anyway?"

behind them, the turtle smacked the pink-haired girl that was susan, knocking her and her spear out of sight behind the building to the left, then breathing fire. 

Dave shook his head. "look, you have to take it seriously. It doesnt matter if its fair or right, it affects your grade. That homework is ten percent of the total, and he is just refusing to accept it late at all, so thats a zero if its not done. you NEED that ten percent Bob. even if you only get like half of it. just do something and turn it in, its better than letting him mark a zero for it. You did read the sylabus, right? even if its just a blank page with your name on it, thats like 2 points out of 10, and we have to do this every week. 2 points is always better than zero."

the turtle slid back from a minghty blow that landed with an explosive sound, and roared. the battle continued as it was knocked past the building to the right and susan jumped after it, her armored fuku fluttering in the san fransisco breeze. 

"yeah, but its not my fault i also have to deal with a hardass boss at the same time! he schedules me to work even when i have class, then yells at me for not showing up for a scedule he knows i cant make when he changes it at the last minute. hell, he even wants me to work when im sick, never mind thats not allowed in food service..."

a car was thrown, crossing from right to left. another car. a car that had obviously hit susan, taking her through the intersection. the turtle followed, swinging a telephone pole. 

"Yeah, your boss is a jackass, no question there. the pizza isnt even that good, that place only stays open because its across the street from the library. I still cant beleive they refuse to give you an employee discount."

bob just shook his head, as Susan pressed the turtle back with a series of blows from her magical spear in the distance. "yeah, it sucks. I mean, if it wasnt for my superspeed power i would not make it as a delivery guy at all. hey, do you think susan needs help with this one?"

Dave looked over. he sipped his tea. "no, shes got it. not like im helping her after how she called me useless the other day. I know i dont have powers, but thats no reason to flip out at me when i try to help. those putty guys are so weak even I can fight two at once and win."

bob nodded. "yeah, they suck. the problem is when there like fifty of em... anyhow, i gotta run. should cycle back to the store and see if they have any more deliviries for me to make."

Dave waved as bob left, and then turned to watch the distant fight and frowned. 