One does not view humans in the same way when they have separated themselves from humanity as I have. I have seen the Altar of Dalan Mar, where I realized the manner and time of my death then turned earth and heavens to change it. I have worn the Crown of the Leven and paid the price as my soul was scoured from my being. I have spoken deep magic forged longer ago than the universe and seen every corner of the world. I am the deepest corruption of the human form and walk the earth every day as a mockery to God and nature that I am allowed to live my wretched life. 

This is all to say, of course, that when the band of unwashed sheep rapists tumbled  into my brothel, it was a most welcome surprise. 

It is not an honest business, but I am not an honest - *thing* - and I find that by the time they have wisened up enough to demand pay, they’re so ridden with the pox I can dump them in an alley and keep the profits. I am really a very simple man and if I tire of the work it’s not as though I don’t have the time to take up another trade. 

The smell of cheap beer and whatever was dripping from the ceiling burned my nostrils as I yawned and glanced over at the door, where, just by coincidence, a group of three burly men clad in skins and scars were rambling in. Easterners, by their garb and the unsavory scent that could have been grease or just plain shit. I’ve spent quite some time in the East, but then, where haven’t I? 

“We come looking for whores,” the first and largest said, sliding a coin across the gouged and filthy countertop. 

“Brilliant, Lars, I’m sure this man thought we were in the whorehouse in search of a priest. I’ve not confessed in weeks. Where do you keep your monks, fine sir?” This came from the mouth of the shortest, who for all the world looked like a red-faced and heavily muscled pig with a scraggly beard. At the same time, the last, a lanky and balded man, clearly the oldest, said more simply, “I thought it was boys you came for, or rather in.”

The big man scowled in a way suggestive of this sort of thing being common. Looking around, he spoke in a quieter voice, “We’re not in search of whores, actually. I’m in search of—“

“A bumhole? You can have mine, I’ve not shit in weeks!”

“Nothing but bread and water from the High Crags to the Tumblerush! Five weeks, since this stingy bastard was too penny-pinching to buy a fucking apple!”

Their racous shouts could have wakened the skeleton I kept in the back room for high-paying patrons and so I sighed along with the big man, clearly out of hope for who I assumed were his brothers-their was a resemblance, even in passing-and showed them to my office behind the stairs. It was a little too luxurious for my means, tiger rug as it had, and the gasps and sighs coming from behind me let me know it may be time to change businesses before I was robbed and run out of town. 

“We’ve come,” the big man, Lars, said, as I sat down in my ivory chair, “hunting for the sorcerer Farlog.” I winced for two reasons, firstly as I realized that I had an ivory fucking chair and that these men wanted to kill me. I can’t be killed, of course, and never will be, nor do I have a name anymore (Farlog? Is that a kind of liquor?). Still, I saw a kind of potential for amusement in these three. 

“And just who are you?” I asked, the seeds of amusement already sown in my mind. 

“We,” the short one said, shoving his lanky brother aside, “Are the wild Larssen brothers, Krend, Lars, and Dors.” Krend, I assumed, was the skinny one, Lars I knew to be their charismatic leader, which left Dors as the stout joker. 

“I am Clemen Frell,” I said, making up the name on the spot. “Humble proprietor of an, err, house of earthly pleasures.”

“Clemen Frell? The grocer named you as Lans Lanser.” This from Lars. I cursed under my breath, obviously he had found me somehow and barring a miracle not under the name I had just invented. 

“A pederast and drunk, the grocer,” I said smoothly. “No doubt he knows too many whorehouses and owners thereof to match a pair, addled as his brains are.” 

“Sounds familiar,” Krend muttered, earning an elbow from Lars. 

“Please, gentlemen,” I said silkily. “I can be of help. I have seen things more illicit than a whorehouse and could be of assistance. Please come through the back, I can saddle some horses. We ride to Salena Bluff, it is time that Farlog be ended. I have quite a few clues as to his location. Serendipitous you search for him, for years I have...”

My speech continued and washed over Krend’s mutter, “Lars’ll have no issue coming through the back.” I allowed myself a brief chuckle. True, I would have to kill all three sooner than later, but when one is doomed to eternal life, it is good to find some fun every once in a while. 