It's a tad run down, but my psychiatrist told me I needed to admit myself. Run down equals cheap, right? Surely it can't be *that* bad. I walk into the mental institution, and am immediately greeted by the cutest nurses I think I've ever seen!

After I've checked in, the cutest nurse of them all escorts me to my room, pointing out various common areas. Like, the activity room, caffateria, and library are all just a short walk from my room! Although, there isn't a very big window to do anything throughout the day. Zoe, my favorite nurse so far, has told me that the beginning week or so of my stay will consist mostly of checkups and other complicated doctory things.

It's been three days. The T.V. in my room seems to be losing service? Not that I really care. I've just kinda left it on to fall asleep to. I've been pretty exhausted with all the things they've had me doing. Although, they seem to be getting pretty agitated with me. It's almost getting twice as bad every day. Tomorrow is when I finally meet with the psychologist I've been assigned to.

"Mr. Black, I do apologize for you being here, but it says in your chart that you admitted yourself?" said Dr. Flemming. "I'm glad to see you admitted yourself before things got out of hand." "Not a problem. You know, for as run down as this place is, it seems to have some fantastic services." The conversation went on for about an hour. He didn't really ask me any questions the doctor that suggested I came here did. Oh well, maybe he has a different way of figuring out someones mental problems.

I've been here for two weeks, now. The visits by police have become more frequent. Zoe tells me they have to come often because the more unstable patients can get violent. She's told me that three doctors have died in the last two weeks alone, which I find a little strange. Oh well, chow time.

It's been four weeks now. Eight doctors have died by this point. I've found that when police bang on my door, if I stay silent, they go away. Today, however, they started yelling something about bringing a battering ram, and finally receiving a warrant for *my* arrest. I haven't done anything wrong, have I? I listened to my psychologist.

They came back the next day, busted down my door, and started shouting something along the lines of "You are under arrest for eight counts of murder, criminal trespassing, breaking and entering, and evading arrest." They say I killed eight men, but the only people that died here were doctors that other patients murdered? My lawyer says I need to plead insanity. They're saying they found me in a mental institution that has been closed for coming up on thirty years. I miss Zoe.