I stood before the Conclave of the Holy Church of the Galatic Divinity -an assembly of high ranking officials of the this Galaxy's church. His holiness, arch bishop Vallorax scanned my report through his glowing spectacles. His lavender face twisted in a series of expression. His solid black eyes squinted. He released a few barely audible sighs, exhales, and few pleasant hums that echoed off the hard chamber walls.

"If I understand this ambassador," he said his voice patient, kind, and wise, "your species killed the Messiah. Then after that you created an entire theology around it."

"Yes your holiness," I said.

"Can you summarize it for me? In your own words?" he said.

"That God sent his incarnate Son, to be a sacrifice for the sins of mankind," he said, "Lord Jesus taught us that Kingdom of God -that is the way of life outlined by all Messiahs- is not of this world."

"Yes...yes," said the Arch Bishop, "Please explain this 'not of this world part for me?"

"It's a colloquial way of saying that the messianic vision for humanity is not compatible with humanity's political structures. It opposes empires, for example, as it was outlined in our book of Revelation."

The arch bishop nodded in understanding and gestured me to continue with a polite wave of his hand.

"To go on," I said, "we believe that Jesus' death is the ultimate victory of not only sin of humanity, but a powerful statement against the 'kingdom of the world.'"

The arch bishop took down several more notes. He flipped to a few pages more in my report.

"So about 400 years after you killed Jesus," he said, "humanity in... Europe?.. formed empires in his name?"

I blushed a bit. I mean, it was true.

"I'm afraid so sir," I said. The bishop followed up with a few more questions. It got quite uncomfortable when I had to explain that whole thing in South America in the 1500-1600s. Though at least the Arch bishop was delighted to hear of Father De La Casas's work. I also stressed the abolitionists, but I also had to back track a bit and explain protestantism.

"Let's put that aside for a moment," said the Bishop, "It looks like here you had some... what's the word? *German* who wrote in the worst century your species ever endured" he flipped to a few pages and opened to a picture of familiar theologian with thick black rimmed glasses, "Moltmann? was it? ... and why the two 'n's?... anyway, according to him killing the Messiah, which you call the crucifixion, reminds humanity that God is vulnerable to suffering. That God suffers with his creation. Furthermore, God is able to sympathize with humanity, specifically in regards to political evils. The conclusion, then, is that while suffering allows humanity to be close to God, it is also .... and I say this paradoxically... also supposed to motivate you to 'live out the Kingdom of God' and put an end to hatred, the politics of empire, etc."

"That's right, Arch bishop," I said. There was along pregnant pause. You could the single fly in the room buzzing.

"So did you ever get around to doing all that?" said the Arch bishop.

"To be candid, Arch bishop," I said picking my words as if my own life depended on them, "It's not as bad as it was, but it's still pretty awful down back there."

The arch bishop turned to his acolytes. The entire Holy Assembly shrugged.

"Your theology is strange," he said.

I joined in the shrug.

"We place ourselves at the mercy of the Holy Galactic Church."

Arch Bishop Vallorax turned to the acolytes and other bishops. They spoke among themselves in the clicking and humming language that I could not understand. Some shook their heads in dismay. Some even looked angry. Others pointed to specific passages in my report with an unexpected insistence at something. What it was I could tell, but at least their enthusiastic tone set me at ease. At last the Arch Bishop turned to me.

"We believe," he said in a warm, yet firm tone, "That your planet is due for a second coming."