It must be a mistake. It must have been a cruel prank. I told them, it was my brother. My brother left my game on when I was sleeping and I wasn't actually playing!!

They didn't believe me.

In the back of my mind, only my Corgi understood. Only my Corgi looked into my eyes and knew what I was feeling. I dumped the bag of treats on the floor for her to eat. To my amazement, my Corgi spelled out "ALL LIES" with her treats. 

ALL LIES.

It hit me. The lead developer for No Mans Sky, Sean Murray, had lied not only to the gamers, but also to the military. The military must have asked for some sort of analytics to track those who played the most since they contacted me. But Sean "The Lies" Murray must have not coded it to differentiate between idle time and active time. That son of a bitch screwed me.

The military kidnapped me. They paid my family to shut the hell up. They paid the media to make a big deal out of it. They even paid my brother to go give interviews where they fed him canned answers and the interviewees were all captivated. 

"Will he be documenting new species to cure cancer?" Oh of course!

"Will he be discovering the secret of immortality through the mysterious Atlas?" Yes for sure!

"Will it bring world piece and get rid of world hunger?" Absolutely!

"Will he grief aliens?" Just a little bit hehe!

Only my dear Corgi threw a fit at me leaving. She tried to snap and bite at the heels of the G Men who came and took me away. I yelled and cussed thunder in protest on my way to NASA. I tried to make them understand the people playing it have OCDs rather than an iron will. But they kept telling me how it would be a bit better than their mundane resource collector game No Mans Sky. 

"You'll have someone with you on the planet. You honestly think we're going to send just you to a new planet? You'll have a team of scientists and several very attractive kpop girls to reproduce with! You'll be given a special serum to extend your lifespan! You won't find the same 2 alien buildings everywhere you go!" Really aliens? I had to admit, the stuff they were telling me and how I'd be a hero back on Earth was starting to get to me. I almost wanted to say yes. Even though I was fucking idling in the game because of my brother.

Then I blacked out. 

I woke up. In a crashed spaceship. No crew, it was too small for others. No kpop girls either. I can't fucking believe this bullshit. But I knew it all along. It was all going to be lies. Did they even give me a god damn rechargeable multi-tool? Nope. Just a pickaxe. Wait what's that? A video recording. It says I am on Proxima B. What the fuck its Hillary Clinton!

"Greetings Jamie," purred Hillary as she stroked...was that MY FUCKING Corgi? FUCK YOU SEAN MURRAYYYY.
