Gods exist in many forms - some create, some destroy, others are an abyss. We all obey a set of rules, rules that are constantly manipulated as we see fit. We’ve created a vast expanse of nothing filled with chaos, energy, and matter.

For an incomprehensible amount of time I built an entire galaxy. My project was unorthodox, ill advised, and nearly a complete failure. Massive holes were created, absorbing much of what I’d created to an unexplainable abyss. However, I never gave up hope. Through all the chaos and with a bit of luck a created perfection - a single rock. Far enough away from my failures to be safe and close enough to my greatest achievements to succeed.

I called my creation life. It was a singular form, but with a mind of its own. I nurtured it, matured it. Nothing like what I was attempting had ever been done before, I gave it everything it needed to survive. Life grew rapidly, sometimes too rapidly and too large. I destroyed some creatures and let others live, micromanaging the planet until a strange form of creation came into existence.

Beginning with simple reactions was entirely manageable. Kill or be killed, grow and die. What I did not expect was intelligence, a being capable of understanding at least a fragment of what I did. I became obsessed, I eliminated the creatures enemies in their path, anything to allow their intelligence to flourish. Nobody had created something resembling anything like this before. 

I connected with my creation, once they became strong enough to understand who I was I began visiting them. Each time visited resulted in worship, my ego began to grow. I had created perfection. They fought each other, they grew stronger, there was no stopping the beast I had created. I watched them fight wars over me, continually advance intellectually and as a society to find out who I am. Soon they would begin to understand. 

I was wrong. 

The creatures I created became beasts, the world I created was no longer under my control so long as I live. They weren’t just fighting each other anymore, they were rapidly destroying the life I had created. For the first time in centuries, I decided to reach out to them again in way they might understand. 

—- if anyone is interested I’ll finish this tomorrow, I got tired —- 




















[part two ](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/8kj9rx/wp_you_are_an_ancient_and_incredibly_powerful_god/?st=JHG1FS1Q&sh=23de32d4) 