"Maybe... you should put a bell on him."

"Maybe you could knit him a giant sweater."

"All the wool in the kingdom wouldn't be enough, and he'd probably just set it on fire."

"I feel like we're blaming the victim here."

It was a lazy sunny evening. The smell of burning wood and ash filled the air with a faint appeal, as if someone had just recently held a barbecue. In the middle of a great courtyard, surrounded by smoking wreckage and massive footprints, were four armored paladins, each covered in scorch marks and distinct, claw-shaped dents. One of them fingered the remains of what was once a beautiful silk surcoat, blackened by fire breath. He pinched his fingers slightly, and the remains of the surcoat fell to black ribbons which drifted gently into the grass. He sighed audibly as it finally gave up the ghost.

"Maybe a giant surcoat? Something fireproof?"

"It'd look rather ridiculous, like a giant bib."

"Maybe that's what we want."

"We could put a lobster print on it."

They were facing their former quarry, a massive dragon, currently sitting on its hind-legs. Next to him was a cross-looking princess with folded arms and an icy glare. Behind her was a tall old man in filagreed robes. He smiled apologetically while adjusting his cape. He was a good king, just and fair, but he had garnered a negative reputation for being far too permissive with his daughter. Even he was starting to regret letting her keep the pet monitor lizard she had found in the forests years ago.

Turns out it wasn't a monitor lizard.

"Why should I have to put a mark on him anyways?" The princess finally snapped. "He's been in the royal family for years! Why can't these knights get it through their heads? He's not a threat. He's the *family pet*."

"M'lady," the king said, "I warned you that dragons and princesses simply do not look well together. The Knights of *our own* kingdom barely trust him. You cannot expect our allies to not intervene when they see a dragon stalking a maiden in the middle of a field."

"... I WAS TEACHING HIM HOW TO ROLL OVER!"

"To be fair," one of the knights raised a charred, gloved finger, "cats do play with their food before they eat them."

The princess' wide eyes threatened to set the knight on fire (again). He slowly lowered his finger back down and bowed slightly in apology.

The dragon, meanwhile, was licking one of its massive paws. There was a bloody gash there, of a size fatal to a human. But on the great, scaled monster it was little more than a paper cut. The battle had been surprisingly even. The knights, despite looking like the aftermath of a Wile. E. Coyote cartoon, were blessed by the Sun Gods and had enchanted armor. They were mostly unharmed, though the damage to their equipment would cost them. The dragon had several more gashes in his body, but nothing that a few giant band-aids wouldn't fix.

Both sides were lucky the princess ran in when she did.

But now the knights had decided enough was enough. They had taken up a new quest: make the dragon appear as genial as possible so that their fellows would stop getting false alarms and mucking up the knightly quest boards.

"Can dragons wear face paint-"

"I'M NOT GOING TO PUT MAKE-UP ON MY DRAGON!"

"We *must* come up with a reasonable solution, m'lady." The king chided.

The princess sighed, dropped her arms down, and walked towards the dragon's face. The knight's helmets all followed her path in unison; they tilted their heads like confused puppies when she reached up to put a hand on his lower jaw. "You're not a big mean dragon at all, are you Dilbert?"

Dilbert stopped licking its paw, and licked the entire side of the princess' face with a massive grey tongue. It was so large it also slicked half of her golden hair; rumor had it that this was a fantastic beauty treatment, if one could tolerate the smell.

One of the knights shook his head. "Well, the only thing I can think of is to try out different disguises and see what people think. Maybe the dragon just needs a minor change to look friendly."

The princess sighed resolutely. "Do what you must I suppose."

And so it was that as the kingdom struggled to disguise their dragon, many fantastic tales arose from the various neighboring kingdoms. Travelers would see the dragon on different days, and interpret its existence differently depending on its disguise and behavior. Here were some of the results:

\- A man from the jungles of the far west beheld Dilbert when he was covered in colorful feathers. He returned to his people and told them the story of the great "Quetzalcoatl."

\- The princess had giant bunny ears fashioned for Dilbert. A near-sighted scholar from the far east mistook them for antlers, and returned home to inform his peers about the great "Qilin."

\- The court jester thought it funny to dress Dilbert up in a giant straightjacket. What threat is a creature with no arms and legs? Unfortunately, that didn't stop the young Hindu acolyte from identifying the beast as a giant serpent, which later became the "Naga" of the Great Puranas.

\- The princess was giving Dilbert a bath on the day of a solar eclipse. She figured the darkness would draw attention away from the dragon during the day, as he did not like bathing in the cold of the night. A wandering tribal from the Philippine islands thought the dragon was responsible for blocking the sun. He made sure to warn his kin about the malicious "Bakunawa".

Under the protection of the princess, and later her descendants, Dilbert lived a long and happy life. However, the never-ending quest to disguise the dragon as a friendly creature led to the proliferation of thousands of fantastic tales. In some, the dragon was indeed friendly. In others, not so much. Either way, Dilbert became a global celebrity, though he would never find out.

One of his bones sits in the Burke Natural History Museum and is mistakenly thought to belong to a giant theropod dinosaur.