It had been eons, billions of universal lifetimes, since he had felt her touch. Her gifts were plentiful at times, and sparse at others. He had long ago grown accustomed to her absence, but was nevertheless watching over her, his Life. She was his everything, as truly, everything that was came from her. She had shown him beauty, fun, happiness, everything that she had made was for him.

However, the unending eons of eternity had taken their toll on Death. Ushering billions upon billions of generally tortured and tired souls into the dark and dreary expanse of nothingness had only compounded his already dismal outlook on existence. What was the point of existing without life? Without Life? He loved her. But did she love him? It was a question he did not know the answer to. No being had been able to figure it out, including himself.

It was that time once again. The time of the end. The time when, for a brief moment, she would be with him. Through unfathomable lengths of time this had been the case. Separation, creation, existence, destruction, reunion. He looked forward to these times of reunion, as they were the only times he could be with his true love. These times lasted mere minutes. Each time they met, there was longing in her eyes, though he could not see it though his fear. She sent him gifts, beautiful ones. Creatures and beings of such beauty and complexity that none of them could truly understand it. When they came to him, he would hold them, treasure them, but ultimately he had to let them die. It was his cosmic purpose after all.

Now Life approached him once again, for the nth time. The longing in her eyes was so deep that a mere mortal would have spotted it instantly, yet he was blind to it.

"Well, I'm here again," she said, softly, with a voice that carried a tone of peace and love and... and vivacity. "I see you got everything I sent you..."

He sighed deeply and heavily, the weight of a trillion lifetimes on his back. "I did. I liked the cats the best, they were so soft and I loved holding them. And the stars, they were pretty. Everything was beautiful," his voice faltered a little, he truly meant it, but was heartbroken having destroyed all her creations. "But... but of course it didn't last. Everything died and moved on. I tried to keep them but I broke them," a tear ran down his face, then two, then more. His sobs shook through the darkness, populated now only by the occasional stray rock amidst the black holes that had consumed everything else.

She sat beside him, her eyes brimming with tears. "They were not meant to live forever. A thing is not beautiful because it lasts."

"Yes they are!" he shouted through his sobs. "Beautiful things shouldn't have to come to me! They end when they do! I ruin them! I try to take care of them for you and they all die! I'm tired of everything dying! You make beautiful things, and I try not to, but I end up killing them. You must hate me."

She put her arms around him and held him as he cried. Life wrapped Death in her cosmic embrace as he shouted into the nothingness that he had, once again, created. "I don't hate you. How could I?"

"Would you stay, for once?" he queried, after several minutes of anguish, "Would you stay with me here? I have no right to ask, I broke everything you gave me. I couldn't save a single thing. Not one creature. Not a single person! Not even a cat! I'm tired of it."

A long silence followed, the only sound being the heavy, labored breaths of Death, as he lamented to Life about his sadness. When she did not respond, he spoke again.

"I don't want to be away from you. You are beautiful, you last forever, and I can't break you like all the creatures you send me. I... I love you."

Her embrace tightened a bit.

Death embraced Life, holding her close to him. She spoke again.

"What was your favorite thing again?" she asked.

"You remember, the cats. It's stupid that it's so specific."

"No it's not. Would you like one?"

"It'll just break."

"No, not if I stay."

"But you never do. You come here, stay for a few minutes, then leave. And I have to wait a literal eternity to have another five minutes with y-"

She put her finger on his mouth to stop him talking. "I'll stay."

A feeling of joy came over Death. His love had finally come to stay with him. He pulled her close to him in his tightest embrace. There would be no more life or death in the universe, for Life and Death had stopped. That moment, the time of ending, froze. Forever will Death cling to life, and Life cling to Death. No more will they make and destroy universes out of misunderstood love for each other. Death's sadness had been forever quenched, after a time unmeasurable by the greatest of numbers. Forever they will stand, embraced by each other, lips locked in eternal passion and finality.

Life has given in to Death, Death has given in to Life, and that moment will remain forever in the place of eternity, and they are happy.