I heard the steel slam down behind me. 

"Shit. Tripped security." I whispered under my breath.

I realized that I had probably woken the owner, and everyone within a few miles. But 'Player 2' unsettled me. This was supposed to be a normal hit. A smash and grab, y'know? Get in, get out, get paid. But now, it was personal. I grew up a gamer, and the words 'Player 2' brought the fear of God into my heart. I was on someone else's turf, playing their rules. No bueno.

I figured I might as well familiarize myself with the playing field. I snuck around a bit, always keeping my hand on my familiar hunting knife, in the sheath on my belt. I was jumpy, to say the least. I heard the floorboards creek above me, and I just about jumped out of my skin.

"Another player, huh?" A soft voice from the top of the stairs muttered. "Let's see if he knows how to play."

This was not a good night for me. I bit my fingernails as he descended the huge spiral staircase. A decently young, pretty skinny guy came to the end of the stairwell.

"L-look man, I don't want any trouble." I frantically said, trying to save my own skin. "I didn't come here to hurt you, I just saw your house and thought you might have some good stuff. A guy's gotta eat, y'know?"

He chuckled to himself. "Don't worry, you won't get hurt, as long as you follow the rules."

He didn't seem like to bad of a guy. Maybe a little eccentric, but hey, that never hurt anyone. He beckoned for me to follow him, and we eventually reached a huge set of double doors, intricately carved with ancient battle scenes.

"Well, this is it. The Game Room." He told me.

This was getting a little too freaky for me. "What kind of game are we gonna play?"

He was silent, and opened the doors. They opened silently and ominously, surprising for their size. "You'll know when we start playing."

Suddenly, a huge bay of lights lit up, revealing a stadium and crowd. I recognized it. It was a perfect recreation of Lambeau Field, home stadium of the Green Bay Packers, hated enemies of my home team.. "Player 1, select your team!" An overly enthusiastic AI shouted.

He chose the Green Bay Packers. From that moment on, I knew he was getting crushed. Almost immediately, holographic versions of the Green Bay offensive starting lineup appeared on the field, and he pulled on that cursed dark green and gold jersey.

"Well? Pick a team." He said to me, voice dripping with malice. 

My navy blue and burnt orange hoodie wasn't making a very good case.

I, of course, chose the Chicago Bears, my favorite boys in blue. Versions of the Bears defense appeared next to me.  I pulled on the jersey that he handed to me, and got ready for the coin toss. I called heads, and it landed heads. I chose to kick. Nothing was getting in my way of crushing him. 

I lined up for the kickoff, and as the ball flew in the air, I knew I wouldn't regret hitting this house.
