I never wanted this assignment. I wanted to stay home. I wanted to research our *own* lost civilizations. Our own history. Why does no one seem to care about that anymore? How have we come to lose interest in our own past?

Perhaps that's too self-reflective a task for the beings we've become.

They wanted my skills on 8.0001.4. An old, blue planet in a small, distant, isolated system. 

"Take your time. Find what you can find." This is what they say, but my time is not precious to them in the way that it is precious to me. What they really mean to say is, "You may never come back. You may spend what remains of your life on that planet, finding nothing, creating no legacy. And when you die, we will simply send another to replace you." 

But you cannot say no. We are explorers now. And only that. I suppose that's why we've lost interest in ourselves. Or perhaps the order is reversed. In any event, these are the discoveries that drive us forward.

But this planet is a mess.

My teams are vast and skilled. We went slowly at first. A single scout team made the initial contact. They found little but a host of single-celled organisms and a world filled with ghosts. Rotten corpses of indescribably diverse creatures, tangled in knots. Bone matter tossed in a cyclone.

But their machines still hummed. And that has been the most time-consuming work. 

I have teams collecting organic matter, attempting to separate out the remains into classifiable species; others sorting through the artifacts, trying to make sense of what culture may have existed here before the fall; others still boring into the crust, pulling samples, hoping to distinguish the life-cycle of this seemingly dying planet. That work is straightforward. Difficult and time-consuming, but nothing we have not done before.

It is the machines that vex us. What purpose do they serve? The infrastructure itself is immense. It feels as though it was built to withstand the extinction event that killed whatever complex organic life once lived here. Underground chambers. Durable alloys. Hidden power sources. Doing what?

It is one thing to be careful with the bones of a dead thing. It is another to pry through the living organs of such a massive machine without causing damage and ruining our research. 

It has taken ages - ages of careful examination, of intense discovery and learning (our linguistics team has not slept in some time, it seems) - to find our way *inside*. But we have. We are now *inside* the machines that outlived their creators. We have their language. We have communication.

As the mission leader, it falls to me to make the first inquiry. It is a weight I wish I never had to bare.

"What happened?" I say. The Comm Director scowls at me. 

"It would be better to start with simple yes or no questions," they explain. "They may not understand your question. And even if they do, they may not answer it in the way you mean."

"I don't mean for it to be answered in any particular way," I reply. "I want their words. And besides, I'm tired of crawling. Let's run for a bit."

The Comm Director makes no further argument, simply tapping the Comm Lead in the back of the crown. The words are provided to the machines. We wait. There is a feint ringing sound. The Comm Lead looks up.

"*Who goes there?*" they say. "That's the message. *Who goes there?*"

"Scientists," I say. "Explorers." The Comm Lead types. The Lead Historian is pressing closer to the screen. They've grown fond of the 'humans' that once ruled this planet. That's common for a historian, though. They spend so much time immersed in foreign history they feel as though they have taken it for their own. I admit to being jealous on some level.

"*How did you get here?*" says the Comm Lead. 

"Across the stars," I reply. "A fleet of ships, traveling by k-waves. Who is in this machine?"

"*No one*," says the Comm Lead, reading the screen carefully. "They say, *no one.*" 

"Then who are we talking to?" I demand, feeling irritated. I never wanted this assignment. I never wanted to be here at all. I've no taste for riddles.

The Comm Lead shakes their crown. "*No one*. It just repeats that. *No one*."

I glance at the Historian. They seem perplexed. "I don't know what that means."

"Are you alive?" I say, looking at the Comm Lead. They type. 

"*No*," says the Comm Lead.

"So you've no problem with us destroying this machine?"

We wait. The reply appears.

"*Please do*," reads the Comm Lead.

"Close the channel," I say, stepping out of the room. "We're done for today."

____________________________

This is what I've since found out. 

The Historian's team uncovered it, in a preserved manuscript, inside one of the machine chambers. 

They put themselves in the machines. Not their *real* selves - facsimiles. Copies. Their put clones of their consciousness all together in the machines and asked the machines to tell them what to do. The machine was supposed to tell them what was best for all of them, based on the majority will of their assembled consciousness. 

I don't know what the machine told them to do, but I have to assume they didn't do it. Perhaps the answer was unsavory or simply unfeasible.

Instead, they all died. Suddenly. Violently. Totally.

And meanwhile, their collective consciousness was trapped together in a world without bodies, boundaries, or time. Just formless minds, collected in a box.

It's unclear how many billions there were at the start, but by the time of our conversation there was less than 100 remaining. How one consciousness kills another consciousness is still a mystery to us.

The ones remaining do not claim to be humans. They do not even believe themselves to be real. But they do wish to die or leave. I cannot fathom what difference that would make, but I have placed a request. We do not often remove artifacts, but this will be an exception. There is still something to learn here, something I suspect the deathless consciousness of these former inhabitants may be able to provide. 

And for them I suppose it is at least a form of release. Perhaps someday we'll be able to do more for them, but for now they will leave this dead planet behind. 

A simple charity. Perhaps without meaning. But it's what we'll do for now. 