I was known as the one that brought peace. Remember that death ray Nikola Tesla claimed to have operational? Yeah he went over budget so never got to build a full size one. I did, I built an actual dead ray. And any country that had the money bought one from me. With those billions of dollars I gave one to every country that didn't. And peace was sustained for the first part of my lifetime. That wasn't even my biggest accomplishment. I was raged as a great philosopher, scientist, and writer. But  arguably my biggest accomplishment was the cloning of Walt Disney. And the subsequent discovery how to actually preserve a living human in cryogenic stasis. This one I didn't do on my own of course. But I was the brain. I was the first and so far only subject when two years after our cloning. I got testicular cancer. I fought it for 5 months. Meanwhile my team of scientists, which got bigger by the week, where preparing the cryogenic chamber. I got put in it when the doctors said I only had a week to live. 

While our method of cryogenic freezing, Actually preserved me near perfectly. The  method of safely unfreezing was only found 1 millennium after I was frozen. I don't think anybody can imagine what a millennium does to a world. Especially such a world as ours. Because of the little decay my body had endured I had to relearn everything. Which was convenient because everything had changed. Even the flora and fauna had changed in the time I was unconscious. Addapting to this new world was difficult. Not only because of the complete new technology's, languages, but because of the current generation of humans. I stood still while the rest of humanity had evolved with a little help of technology. My recovery period was not only interesting for me. But also for the world. Most of it was broadcast and In the following years I taught a lot about how the world was In my time. But the biggest adapting challenge for me was that while in my time I was a genius. Because of this artificial evolution, I was as smart as a common 10 year old. 




Note: wrote on mobile, and no sleep. any help with any mistakes I made is welcome.   Formatting help wouldn't be left unappreciated either. 

Edit: realism

