He lays atop the bed in which he began is adventures. Both the luckiest and unluckiest man to exist perhaps. He knows his road is coming to an end. He has prepared for this moment for many years. A spectrum of emotions radiate through him as he recalls everyting, starting the end of his kind.

The human race didn't start out as what they ended as. They began as wonderous pioneers. They cared for each other, and they believed in themselves. They were a righteous force. But as the millennia progressed, so to did the jealousy and wickedness of mankind.

They tore themselves apart. It was no one persons doing. The tired man recalls the blackened scape in which the world was in hours before its destruction. He was only a boy. His mother and father held him closely. He remembers the calmness of his father's breathing and the pain of his mother's crying.

A dormant ship laid outside the home of the man. The world outside was eerily quiet. The mans father looked to his son with inestimable eyes. He and his mother left the child alone for only moments before returning with a case. The parents of the child escorted him onto the ship, briefing the on board A.I of its perameters.

The mother embraced her son for moments not long enough, and the father, for the last time picked his son up and looked into his beautiful eyes. His own began to well up with tears. He whispered something into the boys ear and gently set him down. They departed the ship without looking back. 

Once they left and the doors closed, its engines throttled up and began it departure from the sick planet. The boy confused and scared, sat on the cold floor of the ship, holding his teddy bear as the A.I began transmitting information beyond the boys understanding.

The ship was designed to withhold an unlimited supply of power. It roamed the cosmos. Seeking new life. As the boys aged, he began to understand his mission. He knew his sole objective. He knew he must pass on the gift of love.

Lonely decades went by. Planet to planet. World to world. Start to star. The mans mission seemed futile. There is exist no species which is capable of the complex emotional spectrum that the human race was. At least it seemedthat way for many years.

He grew to be an old man. His only relationship with an A.I. system that persuaded him to continue his mission. To never give up. To persevere and finish what his parents started so long ago.

The old age had taken its toll on the man. And his hope was running out. He longed for the conversation with another sentient being. The ship although designed with longevity in mind, had started to falter. It would only make one more jump.

The planet was beautiful, and pure. Creatures roamed the incredible vistas. The man was fortunate enough to breath the planets air. It seemed to purge the man of decade old cough.

He explored what he could, anxious and careful. The elements of this planet carried the likeness of the one he came from. The world supplied with the nutrients he needs to live on. But as beautiful as it was, it was devoid of life, or so it seemed.

Several weeks went by until he caught a glimpse of something peculiar. A foot print, like his only smaller. He scoured the area, knowing he was close. Finally the creature resembled that of a human child. He approached thoughtfully. The being sat on in between the branches of a purple tree in front of a meadow. The creature did not run, it did not attack, it did nothing but observe the man

The man spoke out to him, but the boy did not speak back. He instead stood up, like the man, and walked toward a close by cave. The man followed, continuing his intent to communicate with the boy, but he walked on. The man watched the boy enter the cave and stood by, wondering to himself what lies beyond. The boy retreated from the cave up to the entrance and gestured for the man to follow. And so he did.

Inside was a group of them. Some looked to be males and the rest females. They were all young, perhaps the same age as he when forced to evacuate. They communicated  through sign language.

They welcomed the stranger, although at first he was unable to communicate with them. He tried to teach them how to speak, but he soon discovered they were physically unable to speak. He had an idea. By utilizing his on board A.I system he was able to understand them as he was them.

They developed a civilization together. They lived together. They learned together. But the man fell Ill. He hid it the best that could, but they had already known. His mission was almost complete.
They grew older as did he. They thrived as he deteriorated. 

During his final days he kept mostly to himself, lying in his bed, remembering the loneliness of his life. During his final moments, the children surrounded him. His children. He signed to them that he loved them. He called the youngest one closest to him. The baby of the group, perhaps the same age as he when he said goodbye to his parents for the last time. He felt the world around him blackening. 

He signed one last thing his family. The same thing his father told him before he embarked ok this life long mission. 

"I will never forget you."
