Hatred ravages the world. It's easy to hate when you have nothing to love. Since our humble beginnings as hunter gatherer tribes, we've been capable of destruction. With each subsequent year, each subsequent century, our capabilities only grew stronger. It was not long ago that the world reached its tipping point, the point where we had a chance, and chance to save ourselves from what we have become. But despite the marches, the chants, the pacts, the truces, this worlds beauty was destroyed. The Clathrate gun hypothesis became a theory no more. 

Amongst the constant pollution, the constant pointless political battles, and wars that we didn't even remember our reason for fighting, methane poured into our oceans and our atmosphere. %90 of marine life perished, climate change accelerated at a rate unprecedented. Within 30 years the world as we knew it had disappeared. 

As the worlds greatest cities began to fall, either from flooding or social collapse, humanity began to push inland, condensing our populations to smaller and smaller areas. Instead of hundreds of culturally diverse cities and general peace among nations, intense nationalism began to build, the lights that once scattered the world began to converge into smaller areas as habitable land became scarce. 
Many countries fell into civil war, many collapsed, unrecognizable in their current state. The places that did survive had populations concentrated into dense super cities. In these locations, survival was the only goal. What progress had been made in science was naught. The affluent hung onto the capitalism of the past, their power in the past. They became the new leaders, and they wanted to control more than they wanted to progress. The earth's population has begun to forget what used to make life worth living. 

In a ten-year span, suicide had surpassed lung disease as the world greatest killer. It started out with the rural cities that were slowly dying off as the food and resources ran out but quickly spread to the super cities. The people who remembered the past could no longer take this present. The suicides only began to taper off once those who had been born into this harsh world became the adult population, they knew of no other past. I was one of these kids, the so called starless generation. In our life times, we had never seen the stars. Most of us hadn't seen green. The only thing we knew was you had to work hard to survive, to make enough credits to feed yourself, to survive in this world of cement and metal and smog. But I was different. 

I was born to a man by the name of Adalbert Etoile Astrea. In his time he was an astronomer. A great one, in his prime. He used to tell me stories of his experiences amongst what he called the stars. He said that white circle in the sky was something called the moon, and people had walked on it. He told me that when he was a boy, you could look up and the sky would be littered in a dazzling display of tiny lights, uninterrupted by the terrestrial ones. He told me that the corporations and the government were working together to reach up into the sky with rockets and spacecraft to be amongst them before everything changed. He told me I'd be the one to change that; I was part of his plan. 

I told my few friends of my father's stories. And they told they're parents. They called my dad crazy. My anonymous said they had no idea, that I'd show them one day. For a long time, I didn't know what that meant. I didn't understand how I would be a part of his plan, how I was supposed to change the world, how I would show them that they didn't know what they were missing, they didn't know that there was still beauty in this universe, the stars were still out there, and I would show them. I know my father wasn't crazy, and I'm sure he wasn't the only one that knew of this miraculous past. Or maybe he was crazy because he was the only one crazy enough to make a plan to show the world. 

He started me off young, right when I turned 16, working age. He got me into the power industry, at first, it was medial work. Engineers would tell me where there were leaky pipes and I would fix them. I came home every day covered in oil, smelling distinctly of gas. But my father convinced me to keep at it, one day I would be more. So I did keep at it. Eventually, I began to gain leadership in the powerhouses. The enormous power facilities that kept the super city running. I would oversee the engineers; I would make the decisions on how to best maintain the power in these places of forgotten hope. Long after my father died from black lung, I kept at it. I knew his plan. And I would carry it out; it was the only thing that kept me going, from not becoming another suicide. 

Soon after turning 35, after decades of hard work, I had achieved one of the highest ranks in the power facility, Regional Lead Operator. This position gave me power in this citie's power facility only out matched by the people who owned it. And it also gave me power to what my father had been planning all along, the main power grid. I knew I would have to bide my time however, the trust had to be built, they were watching. 

I was 43 when I realized I could no longer wait. The smog had done its damage. I was dying. But I had a task to carry out; it was time. The clearest nights are in the season that was used to be called autumn. The weather is good enough that heating or cooling isn't needed. Thus less smog enters the air. It was a windy night in this season when I knew the time had arrived, the smallest density of fog of the past year. The clearest night, only interrupted by artificial light. I acted. 
I showed the guard my security clearance and quickly walked through the dark halls towards one of the most closely watched rooms in the entire city. It was 1 am; the night sky was dark, it was to be darker. I slid my security card through about five security access point before I got to the mainframe door locked with an iris scanner and 26 digit passcode. I operated the door as fast as my fingers would allow me. The door was opened, and an alert was issued throughout the facility, I hoped the security wouldn't rush in, I was the Lead Operator after all. A computer terminal guarded the power; there were a lot of steps to completely black out this city, I had them memorized to a t. After only 20 seconds I had achieved the task that took my entire life to carry out. My fathers plan realized. The city was bathed in brilliant darkness, and I knew the world would see the bright stars that lie above. In seconds I was apprehended by the security force, I knew what was left of my life would be spent in a prison cell. 

I never got to see the stars. I went straight to a detention facility where I currently reside, only a few weeks left of life. I didn't get to see the starry sky my father so desperately wanted to be returned. But I know somewhere in my heart that what he was saying was true. I know that there is an unimaginable infinity of light in the night sky. And I know that, if only for a few moments, the city, the only world I knew, could see the heavens, and maybe hope again. 