"Oh *good, you* again."

Death is meant to be an imposing figure. They look different for each person, for the culture you come from, for what represents your fears. I was never very imaginative, though, so I always thought of it as a skeleton in a cloak. Pretty scary the first time, but you'd expect them to change it up after death 400.

"You know, statistically, you're only supposed to get like, one extra shot? Two if you're lucky?"

"Yeah, yeah, chill, Reaper. I think this is my last time checking in."

Death presents the coin, as they have so many times before, and lays it on the stark white table in the center of the room. Though it's less like a room, and more like a void with walls.

"You know how this works, Quinn."

I take the coin, and flip it. I catch it midair, and discretely brush my thumb over it.

"Heads."

Tails.

"Aww, darn. I guess my luck had to run out sometime, huh?"

I feign ignorance. After all this time, 400 visits, 400 times I've fooled Death, I can't help but play with them a little more.

"...Why?"

You wouldn't expect something called The Grim Reaper to ever look this confused.

"Why? I know you're doing something here. Of course I've known. Why, after so long, do you choose to fail? To die?"

"...It gets boring. I've already done everything. That's the truth."

I start walking towards the newly-opened gate, the one thing I have never seen in all my visits. I start thinking about the places I've been, things I've done, and it all seems minuscule compared to the endless black beyond. I start crying. 

"And... Quinn... How?"

Such an extraordinary set of lives feels trumped by this one moment. The Grim Reaper, Death, is asking me a question, taking an interest, and there they stand, the one throughline in all my existences. My only friend that mattered.

"Don't you know?"

I turn back, just for a moment, tears still streaming down my face, just before I step through the gate. Despite the tears, I am happy. I am satisfied.

"The coin's bumpy on one side."