I tried every night.

I tried without ceasing.

It never seemed to work.
 
Until that one time that it did.

I'd had her on my eye since I was very young.  Most people don't get the chance to still know their elementary school crush in high school. I was one of the lucky few. I'd never dated a girl, although I knew I was attractive.  I just never really went down that path, since I was too busy with school and football.  Although I had never had any "romantic" relationship experience, I was good with people. 

Back to this girl, though. She was the most beautiful girl I'd ever seen.  Something about her seemed to catch my heart on a hook and drag it along wherever she went.  Any time I saw a picture of her, I got this feeling that I cant even put into words.  Any time I thought of being an adult, married, and with kids, she was my wife.  Whether or not I meant to include her, she was always there. Everyone loved her.  She was sort of popular at school, and her and I had the same thoughts and views on everything.

I tried to find ways to know if she was ever interested in me, but I couldn't seem to find a way that didn't include me coming out if my comfort zone, which, of course, is called a comfort zone for a reason.  One typically doesn't want to step outside of their comfort zone.  The worst part was, we were friends, but we didnt talk much.  I didnt know whether or not she had friend-zoned me to the point of no return.  Had she actually done that, but I didnt want to accept it? It hurt to think about.

At long last, I found it the way.  I found that way to get her to love me, to give me attention, to adore me.  I found a forum on the internet about lucid dreaming.  If I could just get her into my dreams, I was the boss from there.  I could have her do whatever I wanted.  She would love me- finally.  I tried and tried to have a lucid dream that included her.  Days turned to weeks, and weeks to months.  I did everything they wanted me to- I kept a dream journal, I watched the videos, I did it all. It seemed like an eternity until I finally had my first lucid dream.

In that dream, I saw my cat, John, walking around my room.  I remembered that my cat wasnt named John, my cat's name was Timothy, because he was orange. His collar turned into a collar that said Timothy. It was then that I realized that I was lucid dreaming.  I floated out of my bed and through my window. I flew around the earth like superman a few times until I got bored.  I flew under the ocean, I ate unlimited Tacos from Mexico, and I took some good, wholesome naps.  I even met God and played a game of chess with him (I lost).

I flew back to my house and into my room. All of a sudden, she was there. The girl of my dreams. She was actually there.  I willed her to walk closer to me, but she didn't. Oddly, I couldn't get her to to anything.

And she seemed to know it. Unfazed, she walked to where I was standing.  I was a little concerned.  Here I was having a lucid dream, but I couldn't control the one aspect that I really wanted to control. Was it a demon that had slipped into my dream? I was starting to be very scared.

"Haha, epic, I'm not a demon."

"What?"

"I know what you're doing."

"Me?"

"Yes, you.  You're having a lucid dream."

She was onto me.

"Yeah, and what are you going to do about it? And what are you doing here? I'm so confused!"

"You're not the only one that has learned to dream.  I've learned that art. I mastered it a while ago."

"Why are you telling me this? It's not at all like-"

"-like I'm in your dream? Its exactly like that epic. It's exactly like that."

"Why are you in my dream?! How long have you been in my dreams?" 

"Oh, since about elementary school. I know all about you.  Your brain is kind of disgusting.  You watch too much anime, and all the wrong kind if you know what I'm saying. But, I... I still chose to stick around." She blushed.

"Wait... so why did you stick around? And how did you learn to do this?"

"Because I loved you."

That was all I needed to hear. I broke down.  After _years_ of searching and trying, she had access to my brain the entire time.  She loved me.  I couldn't keep myself from crying.  I ran to her and gave her a passionate hug, which she returned.  She knew everything about me, so there was no need for small talk.  I kissed her forehead (because I read somewhere that that's where you kiss people when you want to keep them. Otherwise I would have kissed her lips) 

Suddenly, she looked up, startled. "I need to go," she whispered.  "He awaits me."

"Who awaits you?" I asked. I didn't want her to leave. I didnt want this moment to ever pass.
"HE does." She said, pointing to the sky.  I simply gave her a confused look as she slipped out of my arms and flew up like a ghost.  I saw her skin, her muscles, her bones- all vanished.  Just her soul was remaining, floating up. I woke up with a fright.  It was only 12:30 AM, and I had a long night to go.  I felt like part of me was missing.  I couldn't sleep.

After an exhausting night, my alarm finally rang.  It was time to go to school.  We didnt have football workouts that day, just practice. That was a good thing for me, because I was tired.  I got dressed and went to school.  A lot of the girls were acting strange, and one or two of them were actually crying. It wasn't until later that day when I found out.

The girl of my literal dreams, the girl that I loved so dearly, the girl that I couldn't get my mind off of had passed away the night before in her sleep.  She was riding home from a party asleep in the back seat when a drunk driver hit her side of the car. She was killed instantly. The time? 12:25 AM.

