The front door hadn't closed yet but I already felt the overwhelming sense of foreboding. The unlikely sight of my parents, divorced years ago, sitting across from each other in the living room greeted me. I just finished a rather intense session at tuba practice and was looking forward to a relaxing evening at home, but that plan may be in jeopardy as I could tell I halted a rather heated discussion. Indeed, I'd received these looks an uncountable amount of times growing up. My father was the first to chime in. 

"You're home early," he states more as a fact than a conversation starter. 

"Y-yeah," I get out. 

"Pleasant to see you," my mother adds, both their bodies unmoving monoliths.

Before I can reply my father questions, "You remember that deal I made, right?"

*That deal*? Of course I remember it. Honestly, I never believed him. Just the musings of a now insane spaceman. During my dad's abruptly-ended career at NASA he actually made it to Mars. We were all very proud of him, I told everyone who would listen, but the man who came back wasn't the same as the one who left. He became endlessly preoccupied, hyper focused at the task at hand, aloof. We inquired about what happened for months before we gave up. Eventually, though, he told all of us what happened. After being separated from his team on the planet's surface, the sky cracked open and an entity of horizonless power shined above him. While I heard the story numerous times, my dad never described the entity beyond that. He believed we wouldn't be able to comprehend its form or, more importantly, its beauty. I nicknamed it Hoffman. Through complex telepathy, of course, Hoffman told my father that if he freely gave over his first born, he would receive some of the entity's power. Enough power to rule the world.

"Yeah, I remember it."

My father's eyes decide it's time to look away from the entryway. His austere gaze transforms into one of quiet, burning rage as it slowly turns towards my mother. I can't look away, his eyes are nuclear.

"Your father and I are pretty similar, you know," gets me to back to reality. While I hadn't fully noticed what my mother was wearing when I first walked into the room, it became obvious my mom doesn't shop for clothes where she used to. Her outfit, to put it lightly, is rather elaborate. The black dress with red accents looks impeccable but she is showing off more skin than I am comfortable seeing. Her intensely maroon lipstick shimmers in a way I didn't know lipstick could. Actually matches my father's eyes pretty well.

"Uh, wha-what do you mean?"

She breaks eye contact with me, probably for the first time since I came in, and looks out a window. Like my father her face changes; instead of anger, remorse. 

"Well I," sadness changes to determination, "I also made a deal."

Fucking deals. She's as crazy as him. 

"And what did Hoffman promise you?"

She still looked out the window so she missed my eyeroll. "To the dark gods underneath, my first born I bequeath..."

"Probably took you two seconds to come up with th-" 

I try to finish my sentence but can no longer speak. It's getting dark. So dark. Overwhelming dread. Condensed smoke, black as the night sky during an eclipse, seeps through the carpet. The fog drifts with purpose towards the center of the room, then suddenly I can make out a deformed, twisted hand. For an eternity the cloud amasses until it morphs into a parody of a human, a shroud of complete darkness. I can't tell if it can see, hear, speak, but I know it's watching me. It comes towards me.

And then, the color spectrum exploded. Honestly, I don't think I'll be able to properly convey the... beauty of it all. It's like when I take off my sunglasses and everything is so vibrant, only about a bajillion times stronger. Everything so vivid, wonderful, embracing, connected.

I set down my tuba. This sucks for my older brother.