"Uncle Azzuru!" Leonardo shouted several times. He was no where. 

"How did it get so cold in here?" Leo thought, as he tucked his palms in his armpits while crossing them on his chest. He could see a faint blue glow in his uncle's study. His 14 year old curious brain was imagining all sorts of things. 

There on the floor he saw Azzuru's ring, "He never took it off." This was unlike him. Leo was feeling tired as he bent down to pick up the ring, he had been running all around this enormous house.

At that moment a strange feeling washed over him, a strange urge to put the ring on. The black stone had several small shining dots, emitting a strange bluish glow, "definitely never seen that happen before." As he slid the ring on his finger, Leo felt like being electrocuted for a moment before the huge golden flash subsided. Thats when he was not in that house anymore. 

"The Collector is dead!" Silence gripped the Unasa Marble hallways of The Trekkon Shire Oblusa Courts of Investigation. 

"Leo is in great danger, the collection is the most sought after in the whole of Lanikea." A Minyala spoke, a rather new hydrocarbons based race in the Universe.  Their natural aspirational ability was to breathe or ingest any matter and change the sub atomic structure of that compound into whatever was needed from their regular hydrocarbons consumption and "breathing" to producing heavier elements for their suits.

"As soon as he discovers the vault, every bounty hunter, mercenary in a 1.98 parsec radius will know!"

"Yes we have to protect him and preserve the ancient artifacts, and much more than that: what he possessed, Azzuru's collection is not ordinary not even on an intergalactic scale!"

A purple glow, it looked like ice but it wasn't. Azurru could see that glow emanating from the center of that column which could have roughly looked like a stalactite, only it was translucent, almost crystal like, yet to the touch it felt like a thick liquid you couldn't break the surface, yet it wasn't malleable. 

"So strange! Its fluctuating temperatures so fast, I'm getting cold chills and hot chills! Haha."

"Alright, let's stick this fucker in." As pulled out his quarkcutter. "Come on" he said, as he saw the meter climb to red. "Take it easy" three jelly like clamps manifested at the sides of the tool. It would create three micro black holes around their edges to cut it off with their event horizon discs, this was the only way. 

"Yes, I know the worst, I'll get a dimensional change, who gives a fuck! I'm the collector dont be afraid, you know why you need it, come on fucker!" As the event horizon discs, which were not visible cut through he prepped for the onslaught. 

"Activating light radiation skin graft" the voice in his head said. 

3-2-1 a blinding flash, on the three points, the black holes themselves were not visible as being sub-atomic. But the effects were. "Red-Gravity-Shifting Doppler boots, fuck turn on! Ah there we go." 

Stone Temple Pilots' "Wicked Garden" blasted through his skull-bone-induction audio tattoos as he pulled on the device to capture the elixir globules falling out. 

"I'll keep it for now, heck would Leo one day know how to resurrect me? Or is he going to use it to summon the strike, up to him, it's how these things go, no interference, he has to find his own way, own style."

"Time to go." He walked the purple path to the end where he could see the gateway bleeding into this reality from his dimension, he simply walked up to the portal, reached in, opened the glass window and walked into the decontaminating airlock flipping the antique switch to turn the portal off, he was home just like that. "Uncle Azzuru!" The little Leo could be heard in the hallway and he was reminded of his dear sister; MunMunSen. 

To be continued.... if the good people demand more!

Thanks for reading my first ever writing. 
