“ It comes from being in this field 22 years Don. The voice you’ve been hearing has to be female, it’s the only reason you’ve been listening to it “ he chuckled.
I stared at the scarlet pills staining my hand under my palm’s sweat. 

“Take it “ she said  “it won’t make me go away but at least you can delve it oblivion with me for a while “ 
“She’s telling me to take them Doc”
“Uh huh, so take them already”
“Doc does this seems joke to you ? Do you have any idea what it feels like to have a stalker in your head ? It’s like She’s right here next to me, every minute of every hour” 
The doctor shot a look of sympathy in the direction of the seat next to me.
“Don, take it or leave it, please send in the next patient on your way out “ 

I staggered in utter disbelief. I had never encountered a doctor so callous. As I walked the hospital hallways, the reek of antiseptic permeated my clothes and somehow through it all, I could feel her persona weighing down my consciousness. 
“You better take those pills” she said 
“Shut up!”
“Come on Don, I’m only being nice “
“Get out !”
“We’ve been over this, there’s no ways I’m leaving  you sweetheart!”

I charged towards my car, armed with the crumpled paper bag that held the useless tablets. The scarlet hue of the tablets made me reminisce back to the times in hostel when we’d concoct diabolical drug concoctions to see how high we’d get . Having nothing to lose, I wolfed several down and gagged at how its stickiness caught my throat. I turned on the engine and pulled out of the parking lot, while the voice in my head hummed “Oh My Darling Clementine “.

I turned up the radio hoping the blare would drown her malice. 
“This is actually my favourite station Don! I can’t believe you remembered ! “
I quickly changed to a rock metal station. 
Silence 
“Change it back “
“only if you go away “
“CHANGE IT BACK!”
“NO!”
“Fine, have it your way !”
She started singing a high pitched opera in my head . As she reached the crescendo , I could feel blood dripping out of my ears. I quickly changed back to the radio station and she went silent. That’s how I drove home. My car blaring Opera.

Next Friday, it will officially be a year since the voice started in my head. Initially I thought it was just my conscience, but she systematically took control of my life. What I wore, where I went . Believe it or not, she suggested I see a doctor too, knowing very well he wouldn’t get rid of her. I had to accommodate her in my head so I named her. Sheila. I named her after a girl I’d fallen in love with in freshmen year, she had this distinct voice that one would associate with a nymph. Alluring , but stern. Just like her , the voice emanated a waif-like aura that I couldn’t fathom. Sheila had left me in favour of another freshman who’d wooed her with his condo . Unlike her, the voice in my head seemed more annoying, like a berating wife who wanted her way. 

Once I reached home, I curled up on the couch and tried to drift into sleep Hoping she wouldn’t disturb me there. 
“You can take all the sleeping pills you want Don, but I’ll always be your reality “
“Please Sheila...”
“You can’t run away from me”
“What can I do so you’ll leave me?”
“I’m not leaving Don”
“Please!”
Silence .

He’d proposed to me a year after we met. Swept me off my feet and into his arms. Nothing in this world could emulate his charm. We didn’t have much but I loved him too much to let him go. I always use to joke with him about how I could have easily left him for Frank Danewards who owned 7 condos along Miami Beach but I was more attracted to his beer stained apartment floor and single mattress that was apt for our cuddling sessions. 
When the truck had hit him in a head on collision, all his physical wounds were patched but no doctor could mend that ridge of his mind that blocked me out. Memory jogging, taking him to places we’d been had all been to no avail. He refuses to acknowledge my presence. To him, I’m merely a voice in his head. This phantom absence that his mind created never ceases to ebb the sinews of heart with perpetual pain. I would never leave him like this. I’m all he has and he’s all I have. The pills the doctor has been prescribing has given him temporary relief. It aches to see him wild eyed and frantic trying to convince everyone there’s a voice in his head. Next Friday will officially be our first anniversary , I want him to feel that love again. I want us to be happy again.

He stirred on the couch.

“Honey what do you want to do for our anniversary next week?”
“I can’t believe I’ve survived with you in my head for a year”

