A half-smoked cigar hits the floor and is abrasively stomped out by Major Flint Cthulhu, slowly his eyes rise up to meet the General's disgusted glare.

"Reporting for duty General, or whatever the hell they call you these days" 

"You know, things must be pretty fucked up for me to call you in but my hands are tied" quipped the General, pouring himself a scotch.

"Thats funny" retorted Cthulhu, glancing at a framed picture of the General's wife. "from what I remember, your wife enjoyed having her hands tied"

The General drops his glass of scotch and a vein visibly bulges from his forehead.  Through grit teeth the General mumbles "I don't want to talk about the academy, its in the past, leave it alone".

Cthulhu pours a fresh scotch, feins handing it to the General, and swallows the entire glass in one motion.

"Hey, you're the boss...", a loud belch, "I'm just the janitor who gets paid to clean up your shit.  And if the smell in here is any indication, it's already hit the fan"

The General composes himself, walks over to the map, and begins briefing Cthulhu.

"Yeah, it's real goddamn bad.  Remember the '76 invasion?  That's a group of Silabog tourists compared to whats coming our way."

Cthulhu's eyes widen.  "Whoa General, you can't use the S-word, that's their word, we aren't allow to say that word"

The General slams his fist on the table "Goddamnit Flint, don't you get it, there aren't gonna be anymore S-words to offend.  The mother-ship is here and they are going to F-word us in our A-words if you don't do something to stop it.

Cthulhu lights a fresh cigar, taking care to blow smoke at the Generals reddened face.  "Relax chief, I got it."  As he takes a puff from the cigar he starts to laugh to himself while walking out the door.  

"What's so goddamn funny Cthulhu?" 

"From what I remember General, your wife liked getting F-worded in the A-word".

The General, now apoplectic, slams the door as Cthulhu strides out, the framed picture of his wife falling off the wall in the commotion. 
