Tessa held her right hand—her chambering hand—up to her forehead. The sun burned a yellow hole in the sky. She pulled the brim of her hat down, but it didn’t help much. 

“You think Arthur’s gonna show?” Wild Bill walked into view, his footsteps crisscrossing streaks in the dirt. He had two fingers wrapped around the handle of a brown jug. “That boy,” Wild Bill spat into the dirt. “I always said that boy was all hat and no wyvern.”

“He’ll show.” Tessa turned her left hand over so that Walther, the small Dragun she’d inherited from her father, was inches from her nose. His red scales glistened like blood soaked rubies in the sun. 

Tessa’s father, Douglas Fernside, claimed he’d picked Walther off the corpse of an enemy corporal during the Twenty Years Flame War. Only thing wrong with that story was that Douglas would have been ten at the end of the war. Also, Tessa hadn’t inherited the dragun as much as she’d snatched it away to protect her mother from another of her father’s drunken rages.

She ran her chambering hand over Walther’s cold scales, careful not to actually chamber a flame. Walther arched his neck back and gave a cry of pleasure.

 The first time she’d held Walther she’d been surprised by his cool touch, like touching a block of metal sitting in the shade. *How can something so cold produce something so hot?* She'd wondered, and still wondered from time to time.

“Arthur’s not a man to arrive on time.” Judge Ferris checked the time on the watch he wore around his neck, flipping the cover open with a metallic snap. “I’d say he’d be late to his own funeral, but, well…” Judge Ferris looked over at Tessa and frowned. “The boy hasn’t lost a duel yet. Seems he’s been late to everyone else’s funeral. Which makes me wanna ask.” He held up his hands. “Why d’you agree to this at all?”

“Here he comes.” Wild Bill shook his mostly empty jug to the east. Liquid sloshed around the bottom. “There’s always a first time, Judge.” His voice slurring, making *first* came out *firsss*. 

A lone figure walked the only road that ran through town. The air shimmered around him from the summer heat.

*Yes*, Tessa thought, *this will be a first*. She turned away from the approaching Arthur and walked in the opposite direction. Her eyes were closed as she counted each step. In her mind she imagined her body turning, her left hand rising, chambering hand brushing over Walther, dust rising, Arthur dropping. Tessa took a deep breath and turned back around.

“My gold’s on you, honey. Well,” Wild Bill shrugged. “If I had any, it’d be on you.” He took a sip from his jug.

“That’s why you don’t have any gold… Feral Bill is it?” Arthur smiled and Wild Bill scowled. Arthur gave Tessa a quick wink before returning his smile to Wild Bill.

“You know my name, boy.” Wild Bill waved a dismissive hand and then leaned against the wall of the saloon.

“And you know mine.” Arthur turned to face Tessa, his smile gone. “First time I’ll cut down a woman. Don’t know how I feel about that. That’s a big first time for sure.”

“We were talking all about firsts.” Tessa met Arthur's eyes. They were a dull blue, almost grey. They looked as cold as Walther felt in her hand. “Can we get this over with?”

“You’re in a real hurry to die.” Arthur scratched his chest, showing off the jet-black dragun coiled around his open hand. “The sun’s not even in position yet. I’d hate to miss getting another good look at you before…” He pointed his Dragon to his temple. His dragun cackled, its black tongue licking Arthur’s skin.

“Look at this.” Tessa held up her chambering hand and gave a rather unsportsmanlike gesture.

“Tell ‘em, Tessa.” Wild Bill cheered.

“Okay, okay.” Judge Ferris stepped between them. “Keep it civil or I’ll call the whole thing off.”

“You can’t do that and we all know it.” Wild Bill chuckled as he downed more of his drink.

“I can have Sheriff Amberson put these two in a cell to cool down. You too if that’s what you want.” Judge Ferris raised an eyebrow. Wild Bill looked the other way, acquiescing to powers greater than himself. Judge Ferris sighed. “Arthur since you were challenged, I’ll let you decide. You want to go early?”

Arthur shrugged. “Fine by me. I’ll even forego the coin toss. Let the… lady… pick the direction she wants.”

“Tessa?” Judge Ferris raised a hand palm up, letting the rest of the question ‘*do you accept these conditions?*’ hang in the air. 

She thought he was also asking, *‘do you really want to do this?’* She had to do this. If she were to take down Arthur, she’d draw out her father, and she needed to speak with him. It was the only option she had. She’d never met Arthur until today, and it made sense that her father would hang around with types like this. 

“East.” Tessa looked down at Walther and scratched his neck. “I’ll face east.” She would be damned if she was going to have anyone say she won because the sun interfered. Of course, she could wait an hour so that the sun was directly overhead, but then again, she might kill Arthur while they waited. Then she’d be sitting in a cell waiting to be fitted for a noose. Strange that. You have to wait until the law says you can kill each other, otherwise the law kills you.

A collective moan sprung from both Judge Ferris and Wild Bill. Both of them looked as if they’d just seen a puppy get stepped on. The Judge’s eyes pleaded with Tessa to change her mind, but she turned away.

“Okay. You both know the rules. You stand here and you stand there.” Judge Ferris pointed at the ground and guided both of the duelers to their spots. “Now, fifteen paces, I’ll count them out for you. When you hear me say fifteen, you turn, you fire.” Judge Ferris sighed, “I guess we’re doing this.”

A long silence followed. The wind blew through Tessa’s hair and wicked off sweat from her neck. She was tempted to drag the back of her hand across her brow, but didn’t want to get her hand wet with sweat. Somewhere off in the distance a door squeaked open and shut. Wild Bill cleared his throat. Arthur shuffled his feet in the dirt.

“One.” Judge Ferris's voice rang out in the silence. Tessa took a step. Her eyes were closed. She pictured the scene again. Turn. Lift her hand. Chamber the flame.

“Two.” Turn. Lift her hand. Chamber the flame. Fire. Keep her arm straight.

“Three.” Turn. Lif—

Dirt scraped behind her. Before she could think, her back erupted in heat and pain. The force from the flame pushed her down. Before she hit the ground, Tessa lifted her hand so as to keep Walther safe from the impact. Her mouth filled with dirt and soon came the metallic taste of blood on her tongue.

“What the hell do you—” Judge Ferris’ words were cut off by a shriek of fire. Tessa heard his body hit the ground behind her.

Clawing at the ground, Tessa tried to turn herself over, but each movement brought a flash of pain in her back. She gritted her teeth and pushed against the ground with her chambering hand. Her back screamed in protest, but she managed to lift herself up a few inches.

Just as she was about to roll over, a boot pressed down into the wound on her back. She cried out and returned to the dirt. Walther beside her hissed in anger, but without a chamber, he couldn’t help her. 

She dragged a trembling chambering hand across the dirt. The boot on her back twisted, shedding skin and digging into seared muscle. Tessa screamed and reflexively gripped the dirt with both hands.
	
“Now, I didn’t think I could have shot a woman face to face like.” Arthur’s voice seemed to be a thousand miles away, but somehow still audible. The boot lifted off her back. When he spoke again his voice was inches from her left ear. “I have a message from your father.” Arthur slipped Walther off of her hand. She groaned at the thought of him touching Walther. “He wants you to know that—”

Someone grunted and then came the smashing of glass. Tessa saw Arthur crash down into the dirt next to her. His right temple looked sunken in, the same spot his dragon had licked. Tessa’s first thought was for Walther. She hoped he hadn’t been crushed. She tried to inch her way closer to where Arthur fell, but she could barely move.

“Damn it.” Wild Bill hissed. Tessa turned her head and saw Wild Bill standing with a broken shard of glass in his hands—the neck of the jug he’d been holding. “I hadn’t even finished my damn drink. I was waiting till the outcome of the duel to toast the winner. Thought it’d be you, Tess.” 

“Bill, I need you to,” The words were so hard to get out. The world had lost most of its color, everything had gone monochrome.

“Yeah, yeah. I’ll go get Doc Simmons, but first…” Wild Bill bent over and began rummaging through Arthur’s pockets. “Bet this boy’s got some coin on ‘em. Get me another drink to replace the one I had to break over his cheatin’ head.”

“Bill, please,” Tessa whispered into the dirt. She shut her eyes and the darkness too her away.

