I looked down at...it.  Two stubby nubs as arms, two little stubs for legs, a slit in the center it used to talk and two black beady eyes.  

"I, I think I messed up."  I said to it.  
"Oh boy!"  It shouted back.  "I get to, to help out a great wizard like you!? Wow-wee!  I just can't wait to, to go out there and help you kick some monster butt!"

It paraded around jumping and attempting to do karate moves.

Ivora, the half elf sorcerer turned around.  "What the hell Ren!  You said you were summoning a Balgura demon this is a..."  the lemon cut her off.

"Oh wow a Balgura!?  Those were pretty scary!  Hope we don't see one of those around here."  As the lemon turned around to Ivora, he saw the massive and imposing white dragon.  Frost emanating from its nostrils.  Seeing the tiny, prancing creature, it took it's gargantuan and massive hand and stomped down on the energetic and overly optimistic sentient lemon.

"Well that was a waste of a spell."  I muttered, looking to Ivora to make her next move.

Suddenly, the white dragon gave out a mighty screech of pain.  It's scaly white skin began to erode down to the bone.  The dragons large, almost spiked joints were exposed as it lifted it's hand off the ground, now hobbling in place.

"Oh wow mister!  Looks like we got a big challenge ahead of us!  Let's do it together!"  The lemon said, just as chipper as before.  It then did what could only be described as a pelvic thrust in the direction of the dragon, squirting what looked like lemon juice directly into its eye.

With a loud and booming bellow it cried out in pain, as I saw his eye begin to dissolve and melt away into a clumpy, slimy goop on to the ground.

"Haha, got something in your eye the buddy!"  The lemon chuckled.

That battle raged for nearly another ten minutes.  The most agile and quickest was Lem, at least that's what we nick named him.  Before long the dragon was defeated, a sizzling acidic pile of mass.

As the Summon Greater Lemon spell faded, Lem turned around and gave an enthusiastic wave.

"Bye guys!  It was super fun fighting with you all and always remember..."

Ivora and I waved and smiled at him.

"YOUR SOUL NOW IS OWNED BY MEPHESTOPHOLES OF THE FOURTH RING OF THE NINE HELLS AND WILL RETURN TO THIS WORLD TO..."

The dark, deep, and demonic voice cut off as a small flame consumed Lem. 