"Why would the seven deadly sins give a shit about me?  You all are cosmic beings, a higher level of existence that any human; I'm just Jeff, some guy who fails to keep his shit together.  There's got to be better things to do with your time than to waste it on me."

I sit on the sofa, surrounded by 7 incorporeal beings.  Each seemingly human, just with one exaggerated feature or characteristic.  

Wrath stands tall and mean, a scowl permanently glued to his face, like you would expect a drill sergeant to hold himself when addressing his inferiors.

Sloth sits to my left, in nothing but boxers and a cheeto-stained wife beater, which does little to cover his protruding pot belly.  

Sitting on my other side is Lust, an androgynous looking being who really likes to sit right up next to me and keep his/her arm around me.  

Greed has taken the recliner, seeing that as the most comfortable and valued spot in the room (and he's not wrong, that thing can make anyone feel like a king on his throne).

Envy leans against a wall, silently eyeing the recliner and sofa, wishing there was room for her to seat herself in.  Her deep green eyes scanning back and forth, an I can feel her piercing gaze when she focuses on me, or more specifically my spot on the couch.

Gluttony eyes us from the kitchen, the slender figure busy snacking on whatever munchies he can find.  He doesn't need to eat at all, and it seems impossible for his non-physical form to take in food, but I suspect through sheer willpower alone he is able to consume everything that passes his gullet.

Pride stands in the center of the room, sharply dressed, having moved the coffee table to the side to make way for her "stage".  She is the next to speak.

"You misunderstand how we exist.  We are not beings of singular form; we exist everywhere there is life.  The apparitions you see before you are simply extensions of our existence, much akin to the relationship between your finger and your body.  We exist always and everywhere, so there is no waste here, just an attraction to one who contains such a strong concentration of each of us."

"How does that work?  Wouldn't Sloth on its own take away from the intensity of other sins?" I ask in return, trying to delicately remove Lust's hand from trying to brush against my hair.

To my surprise, a deep "Nope" comes from my left, causing me to stare befuddled at him.  Until this very moment, I never saw him move anything, not even his eyes, so to hear his voice caught me of guard.

A timid voice continued, "What our sparsely worded friend means is that we are all independent entities, and exist in our own realms.  Sometimes we are able to influence and heighten another emotion, but never can we weaken them or draw their power to increase our own."  A small smile spread across Envy's face, happy to have everyone's attention, even if for a brief moment.

"That's right", gruffed the buzzcut, towering, intimidating Wrath.  "Sloth is just the most obvious because you don't move your ass unless you want to eat or shit or fiddle yourself.  We all know how much you gorge yourself mindlessly watching TV as you sit so long on that damn couch that I swear you're going to be part of the furniture yourself.  You see all these people on the news and on your shows who have it better than you; people who come out on top, through either luck or hard effort, and you can't help but feel envy for their fulfillment and worry-free futures."

"Your greed comes your want to fill that gaping hole in your soul; most people go out and accomplish things and make something out of their life, but you want without wanting to expend effort.  You just sit there, filling that void with whatever is easiest for you to obtain, whether it be porn or food or TV."

"Your pride kicks in when you realize how much you could accomplish in life if you put forth the effort and dedication.  You know you can do so much more than what your pathetic life would leave you to believe."

"And that's where wrath kicks in.  Wrath is that internally focused hatred for yourself.  It's that self-degrading feeling you get when you look at yourself and see what you are versus what you wanted to be.  And instead of gripping it tight and using it to push yourself out the door and into the world, you just let it fester and grow as you do nothing to abate it." Wrath finished with a solid stamp of his foot, as he reasserted his posture.

A soft, inviting voice enters my right ear as Lust speaks in a whisper that somehow fills the room. "And it's such a shame dear.  You could be so much more if you only got into the habit of trying.  You don't even have to be the best to be happy and fulfilled.  Confidence is always an alluring trait, but you can't be confident when you don't try at anything."

I sit for a moment, considering what they say, and have no rebuttal.  Nothing I could say would lessen their stated truth about me; they are the personifications of their emotion, they would know best.

"So why do you all want me to do better?  Why would you all spend time to lessen your collective grips on me when I would assume I make you more powerful?"

Greed steps in "It does not matter how much a single person contains any of us; we exist everywhere.  We have claimed every man's heart, as well as every other living creature.  It does not matter if you fervently pursue your desires or be engulfed in your rage, we will still always be just as powerful as always."

Gluttony continues for him, "We exist always and will always be a motivating force, but we are not inherently bad.  We do not indulge in downfall, because quite honestly it leaves a bitter taste in our mouth."  He takes a bite and chews for effect, swallowing with a speed that would make a competitive eater jealous.  "It's so much better when we're used to achieve great things.  It's similar to how the old gods would request only the best tributes of food and wine, but we are always there reaping the tributes in your daily life.  When you eat a succulent meal you've made through your own effort, that in turn is an "offering" to Pride and I.  When you go for a run to workout, pushing past the pain and self-hatred, Wrath takes a special compliment to being used for constructive means.  Sloth gets to partake in your well-earned rest afterwards, letting your muscles and joints recover."

Pride takes center stage once again.  "We are not here to bring humanity down, because we would admittedly be lesser without them.  We value you as being and wish for you to flourish, so we can in turn grow with your species.  We are much more than sin; we are part of life, we just nurture in unconventional means.  When we drive you to do better and achieve more, we take satisfaction in being an underlying force."

"So then we're like your children?" I ask, trying to wrap my head around an evil existing to fuel accomplishment and advancement.

"It's not that simple.  It's like a mix of livestock and children.  We want to exist just like the rest of creation, but we the way we enjoy our existence is through you all.  Animals give a consistent stream of entertainment, but never as fun as humans provide." Envy takes a seat on the floor after finishing, seemingly satisfied with being the only one to do so, her eyes still occasionally jumping between those of us seated.

"So there it is.  We want you to use us to for greater purposes, because frankly you're wasting our gifts.  So starting today, we're going to show you how to take control of your baser feelings and desires, so you be something that revels in success, not stews in self-hatred.  So what do you say?  Do you want to be happy for once and be able to live with your existence?"