Let me tell you a story:

A long time ago, long before man had a name - before man *was* - the land and the sky were one and they were called 'Ākāśa'.

Wild creatures roamed through the mists of Ākāśa, both hunters and hunted.  The black-maned Siṃhá, 10 hands tall, stalked the fleet-footed Ajinayoni through the long grasses that danced between the stars. Vyāghraḥ, striped in orange and black, preyed on the Mahiṣī as they drank at the stream of creation. And over them all stood the mighty Gaja, the scales of judgement hung from his mighty tusks.

Among the hosts of beasts slunk the sly Kapi, swinging silently from tree to tree, or knuckling along the knotted roots and undergrowth of the forest floor. He would often gather Narikela nuts for their sweet nectar, or to throw from dark places at proud Siṃhá. Using the fluted shafts of the velu tree and small round rocks from the river, he would pester strong Vyāghraḥ, tempting his claws and inviting his snarls. And during the long nights at the dawn of creation, he would hoot at the moon while the Mahiṣī slept below. The Mahiṣī would grunt and grumble before galumphing off to quieter pasture.

It was on such a dark night that Kapi, flitting through the shadows hunting mischief, caught sight of the mighty Gaja wandering the starry streams of Ākāśa. Gaja was troubled this night, and restless. His great white tusks itched in a strange way, as if a great storm was coming. Kapi paid no heed to Gaja's distress, and went about gathering small grasses and the fine fibers from the Narikela nut. Gaja, distracted, did not notice the shifting shadows of Kapi as the mischief-maker crept through the dark spaces among the stars until he sat directly beneath Gaja's great, long trunk.

Slowly, so as not to alert mighty Gaja, Kapi brushed the fine fibers of the Narikela nut just below the sensitive hairs of Gaja's nose. Seeing no reaction, Kapi brought the ticklish fibers closer to Gaja's long nose, wiggling them back and forth silently. Still, Gaja stood staring silently among the stars. Finally, Kapi added the thicker, bushier grasses to his bundle and agitated Gaja's long nose once more, and at last, with a loud bellow, Gaja let out a stupendous sneeze. So great was his sneeze that all the trees and grasses in Ākāśa shook from the force of it, even the very ground beneath Kapi's feet trembled before the force of the unexpected explosion. So great was the sneeze, that Gaja's giant ears flew up from his head, his tail blew around in a circle, and his smooth white tusks, upon which the scales of balance hung, vibrated painfully. 

And the scales tipped.

Kapi was off in a flash, scampering through the darkness. Gaja let out a loud bellow, tramping the grasses in the field and setting the stars aglow. All the beasts of the world woke at his bellow, and came running.

'Who has tipped my scales?' asked mighty Gaja.

'Not I' spoke Mahiṣī.

'Not I' snarled Vyāghraḥ.

'Not I' replied Ajinayoni.

'Not I' roared Siṃhá.

But Kapi did not speak, for Kapi was not there.

'Where is Kapi?' asked mighty Gaja, 'Where is the mischief-maker?'

No beast replied, for they did not know. But Gaja could see through the darkness to Kapi's canopy, high in the Campaka tree, and Gaja knew what had been done.

'Mischief-maker,' called Gaja in a voice that shook the branches of Kapi's nest, 'will you come down?'

'I will not,' whispered Kapi.

'Mischief-maker,' called Gaja again, louder, 'Will you come down?'

'I will not,' said Kapi, still hidden in his tree.

'Mischief-maker,' called Gaja, in a voice that shook the stars from their places and made the darkness take flight, 'will you come down?'

'I will not!' screeched Kapi, standing upon his branch. 

'Then you shall be cursed.' said Gaja in judgement, 'For driving balance from Ākāśa, for your terrible mischief among the beasts of the world, you shall be driven from this place. Vyāghraḥ shall hunt you through the trees of the forest, and Siṃhá will hunt you in the spaces of the plain. Ajinayoni shall chase you from your places of refuge, and Mahiṣī shall guard the watering holes and the mighty rivers.

And the Land and the Sky shall be rent in twain. And from the Sky will I watch over the Land, and from the Land will all the beasts of the world watch for the coming of you, Kapi. And they will hunt you, and your children, and your children's children, even unto one thousand generations shall they hunt you. They shall hunt your decedents until the scales of balance are again righted, and you have learned wisdom from your folly.'

And so passed the first moment of creation, and in the time that followed Kapi was hunted in the dark places, and in the open places. He was hunted on the ground and in the trees. And his children were hunted, and his children's children,  even unto my own generation were we hunted. 

But today, that story comes to an end. For today, for the first time in a thousand generations, the hunt will end. Today, the great Agni, son of Gaja, has brought unto the decedents of Kapi a gift. And the essence of Agni will let us break free of our curse after an eternity of time. And we shall call it *fire*.






