The old warrior sat in front of his simple home on his modest farmstead, looking into the distance.  
In his lap, hands scarred from his former life; fighting men he did not know, in lands he had not lived, for kings he did not love.  

Newer scars lay on top of old, from new unfamiliar weapons in his latest war.  
This time he fought the earth herself, cleaving her flesh as he had cleft the flesh of her sons.  
His aim was not to destroy, having sated that craving long ago.  
He wished now only to create, to tend his small field of simple crops, enough for a single man to eat.  

At his side, gleaming in the sun, a simple sword.  
Even from a distance any villager who cared to look could tell that this sword was precious to it's owner.  
Many evenings in camp had been spent cleaning the blood and flesh from it, keeping it's edge sharp and smooth and even on one occasion hammering it back into shape.  
Although the old warrior considered himself a humble farmer now, he could not remember a time in his life that the sword had not been close at hand.  
The idea of even sitting outside without it near was akin to doing so without his arm itself.  

The old warrior's mind was occupied with thoughts of when he would need to harvest his crops, but beneath those thoughts a deeper part of his mind stirred.  
Familiar sensations came to him as the hair on the back of his neck stood on end, as the sun seemed to grow hotter and time became slower.  
A sudden jolt shook his arm and a mighty clang shot out like a clap of thunder.  
Looking around, as though having just woken from deepest slumber he found himself standing, sword in hand.  
His eyes travelled the length of the blade finding it held in mid air, against the blade of a scythe.  

Having witnessed thousands of such sights, his blade against his enemies, it did not wholly surprise him.  
What did, however, was the skeletal hand wielding the blade, emerging from a cloak so black it seemed to eat the very colour of the air around it.  
As bile rose in his throat, a long familiar feeling, he knew who this enemy was.  
Shifting his gaze upwards he observed the one all warriors feared, Death himself.  

For a brief second he though he saw a wry smile pass over the face of Death before dismissing such a foolish notion, how could a face with no flesh smile?  
A voice that seemed to come from nowhere at all and everywhere at once said "Many times have I swung this scythe but never has it been so impeded by a mortal man."  
Death, closer now to the old warrior who had not even seen him move, gently rested a hand upon his shoulder.  
As soon as the bone touched him, the old warrior felt a cold he had never felt before.  
As though heat itself had never existed and had merely been a figment of childish imagination.  

The voice of Death once more echoed around him "Sadly my friend, the scythe is merely symbolic. A man accepts his end more easily when he feels it came from a strike he could not endure."  
Gently pushing at his back Death and the old warrior started to walk away.  
Away from the simple home and the modest farmstead.  
Away from the crops and the villagers.  
Away from the sun and the wind and the earth.  
Away from his sword.
