Aubrey was laughing at me. What a shocker. I couldn’t help but to laugh as well, as my life-long love’s laugh was the funniest thing to me, it sounded like the bray of a content mule, with a few snorts sprinkled in if the situation was really funny; I thought it was absolutely adorable. Everything about Aubrey was fascinating to me, though. From the hints of remaining black in her grey hair and her complete inability to ever get a pimple in our youth, to the way she stressed over taxes even though I was the one doing them, or how she would buy two of every snack or drink she picked up on her way home, just in case I wanted to try it.

Finally, the sound of joyful guffaws died down enough for Aubrey to speak. “How is yours so high??” She asked, as if I was just supposed to know automatically.

I smiled as I drifted off into thought. I could count at least 1 or 2 thousand of the near-death experiences due to a dangerous childhood with inexperienced, uncaring “parents”, if one could even call them that. That high-risk life situation went on until the age of 10, when my biological parents were both imprisoned for the abuse of myself and my younger sibling. We were adopted almost immediately after by a loving aunt and uncle, whom we soon began calling mom and dad, they were our new family.

Maybe it was because I had always had such anxiety about dying from the oddest, most random things as a child? Maybe my own brain felt it was close enough to a near-death experience to add it to whatever tally there was. I had always second-guessed everything, While Aubrey gave everything one chance for her to make her choice. She knew her morals and what she wanted to do in certain situations, and didn’t need to think things over again and again and again. Though I could never understand this, I always admired and respected her ability to do so.

After a few long minutes of me just silently thinking, not saying anything and staring into the black void of the afterworld, flipping through memories and tallying up experiences, I looked back to Aubrey with my final answer: “I have no idea, but over half of them are your fault for making me life so interesting.” With this statement, I kissed my love’s forehead. We had an eternity to talk over this number.