Some may wonder why a normal person like me would run such a place or why no one seems to be able to track my family or why I was abandoned. Though none of that really matters now does it.

It not an easy task running an orphanage, but someone has to do it. These days it’s not so stressful. Some of the children have grown up and have dropped by to help. Damn kids should be out there living and let me take care of things.

The orphanage is rather large now. only those years of government funding and donations help. I remember the days when I had just started, when people thought these children should be locked up, contained. Maybe even trained for the "benefit of the world", some of these people would even donate or volunteer and yet they somehow expect me raise these poor kids for them. Some fanatics even go so far as attacking the place, but I got guards now so it’s all safe. Butcher supply chain for the blood and hearts and anything else dietary needs.

Well now is not the time. I’m going to pick up the new kids. The police recently found a gang ring picking them of the streets and training them for their own sick agendas. It’s fortunate that police stopped them in time. These kids are going to choose their own ways in life.

The bus stops. “well that was more than I expected” they’re at least 30 kids. I clear my throat. here goes nothing "Hello everyone, from today I am your new caretaker. you can call me Bob. This bus will take you to new home. a safe place "

"And what if I don't want to get on the bus" One dark eyed kid says suspiciously. I pause "Well I’m not going force you. You are free to leave anytime, or even not come at all. I will nevertheless help in any way that I can if you want to go to a different place. What’s your name young stranger?"

He answers a bit confused "You can call Timmy. I will come, I was just asking" The other kids are a bit scared too, now. Silly me, I should not have given them the choice of another place so soon, they probably think I don't want them. Well it worked, so it doesn’t matter for now.

The trip back is quite normal. None of them makes any problems, though some of them looks at me with suspicious eyes. It doesn’t matter though. Timmy is a bit off, so I have a chat with him. Poor thing thinks I’m punishing him for acting up. Maybe a safe place and a bit of time will fix that.

As the bus arrives and we get off, I think that it must have been long time since I’ve shown the kids their rooms myself. The other staff, however, protests, citing my declining health. Not that I listened. I give the kids a list of free rooms and choice, and then I lead them to the rooms one but one. It helps that some of older rooms can house 5 children, and that most of the kids choose such rooms. All of them do, actually, except Timmy. As we stand alone, I put on a smile and take off my suit, maybe it’s intimidating him. Maybe I look like one of those gangsters. Silly me, I take my gloves off as well.

"The heck happened to you hand, sir, did a kid do that to you? Is that why you wear that lame dress? Are you a normal?" He blurts out

I laugh, and say "Oh this really nothing, and of course it was not one of the kids. You wonder what my gift is? I’ll tell you if you promise to pick a room."

Timmy keenly spoke "OK, but only if you say how you got that".

"My gift is that I can see through any darkness, smoke, fog, dust or anything similar. And how that? Well, my dad poured acid on me by accident once".

A white lie, but it matters not. The important thing is that I got Timmy to pick a room.

He spoke timidly "I am of those world enders you know"

I patted him on his head "Doesn’t matter, we’ll take all children in"

I was a bit surprised, but I managed to hide it. World enders usually don’t make it past ten. However, I was lucky, so maybe he would be too.

&#x200B;

Edit: grammar and changed some words