Warning: Language. It's rude. :p
_____________________________________________

"Well, what is it again, Bob? Can't the man have some alone time to enjoy some good ol' poutines in peace? Sorry."  

"Well, Mr. Prime Minister. I am sorry too but it's bad, sir. We need to be on national alertness level 1. Mobilize all divisions, land, sea, and air....

"Sorry but what is it?! Speak plainly!"

"We have lost all the geese...I don't know how but they are nowhere to be found sir. I am terribly sorry."

The black plastic spoon fell back into the dark plastic bowl of steaming poutine with the goat cheese curds melting just right, but the PM had lost all sense of appetite with his mouth agape. He fell back in his chair staring into the red and black plaid imitation tie of Bob, the chief of staff to the Prime Minister muttering, "No, no, no. We are Canadians, without the geese...."

To Bob's horror, he saw the change in the facial expression of the man from a terrible shock to a sagging dejection that edged closer to wailing despair with each passing second. Bob decided that he could look on no more.

"Sir, we must call on the Cabinet and make plan to stem the tide! The onset could come very fast, we must..."

"What's the use, Bob." The Prime Minister spoke eyes fixed on the ebony bowl of poutine that became an abysmal landscape of hell to him, "All is lost. Who am I, Bob?" 

"Oh no, we aren't doing this, sir. I am sorry."

"Who am I, BOB!?" The PM shouted while eyes following the now meekly rising steam that was borderline invisible.

With a sigh, Bob replied quickly. "You are our Prime Minister, Sir." And muttering to himself: "It can't be this fast. He didn't even say sorry...", wiping away the beads of sweat that streamed down his fatty cheeks.

The PM leaned unto the table with both of his hands palm down on the beautiful maple wood desk, staring intensely into his bowl of food as if a magical pool that sees into the future, seeing wholly otherworldly things. Fingers quickly tapping the table top, the PM gave Bob a chill down his spine. 

"And you trust your Prime Minister?"

"Your men, sir, will follow you to whatever end." 

"To whatever end..." The PM looked up, staring back at the plaid imitation once again.

"Gosh darn it...The onset. Here we go." Bob muttered to himself looking at the solemn man. 

The Prime Minister spoke again:
 
"Where is the goose and the Canadian? 

Where is the honk that was calling?

They have passed like snow in the Jaspers, like sleets in Toronto...

The days have gone down in the True North, behind the Hill, into shadow.

How did it come to this?"

Bob swallowed, the palpable energy made him hotter than ever. "Sir, we can't do this..." His voice trailed off and sharply turned to silence as he saw the PM jumped onto his feet. 

"This is the moment, Bob!" 

"No, it isn't. Sir."

"You said it, mobilize. Yes, we shall mobilize." 

"No, sir, I am sorry sir, I meant to mobilize to find the geese."

"No, no, no, no, no, Bob. We will not. Long had we been bullied and looked down upon as some keeners. We are so nice, well fuck you! No more mister nice guy, Bob. The geese are gone? Oh fuck yeah! I am about to let the world know, all them sons of bitches what a poutine tastes like! Hat of America? Well, fuck off! America is the pants of Canada! Why the sad face, Bobby? I am not sorry enough? Well, that's it! I am not sorry! I am so fuckin' not sorry. If they think we are bunch of hosers, well they are wrong Bob. They are wrong! What do you think we have our boys for? Long had our men and women of our distinguished military arms be pansied by sorrys and pardons...I want them to wake up shouting 'fuck yeah!' on the top of their lungs and go out there and start fucking everybody up!"

The PM jumped onto the table and sat down with dangling feets, his slim legs seemed longer than ever before. 

"Canadians need to wake up. Our boys need to wake up, that from sea to sea, we are born conquerors! Oh yeah, I am feeling it, Bob. The anger, it is boiling up, oh yeah! Stop standing there like a stool, go get the Cabinet, I am sure they are feeling the fevers, oh yeah. I am aboout to kick some arse, motherfuckers. Do as I say, activate national alertness level 1 and activate all secret arctic bases. I want all subs on nuclear. Non-proliferation my ass. Oh we are just a bunch of nice Canadians eh? Well, guess what, we got nukes, you think that we don't, oh yes, we do bitches! Oh I am sorry that we secretly can fuck you in the ass! Ahem! But start the production for more though. You getting this down, pansy?"

Bob got out his phone and before thumbing notepad, he saw the 2526 emails alerts that kept climbing before he saw the mellow yellow page with brown lines. He felt a compulsion, an excitement that was growing to almost the same level as when he first beat the crap out of a goose when he was a child.  

"When have you ever seen a sea of angry Canadians, Bob? What a picture, eh? For starters, get the Premier of Ontario and Mayor of Toronto, let them coordinate with the Army to gather all available Torontonian drivers, round them up and create a new army group. These motherfuckers gonna tear the Americans apart. I am sure they are feeling it to the brim.   

Call up the east coast and start requisition on all the maple syrups; we need to protect them. Start caching them down the undergrounds. It will be the new currency of the new world. Gold can kiss my hairy ass. And I want all hockey teams of our great nation to form a battalion of elite soldiers to be the faces of this glorious conflict, to lead the war effort and to spread the gospel of hockey to all people of the world! In the dark grim future, there is only war! HAHA! Oh fuck yeah! 

Call my wife, tell her she is a stuck-up bitch. And tell her I am gonna fuck her in the ass tonight. Off the shackles, Bob, I have suffered enough under that control freak of a whore! 

Imagine what a great world it will be, Bob! Poutines, mandatory. Hockeys, mandatory. Eh at the end of every sentence. Time Hortons for everyone. No sorry though, yeah. I am going to ban sorries. Alright, show time. Go Go! Get them this primer, call up the parliament. If they aren't extra angry already, I will make them be like their dicks and vaginas are on bunsen burner." 

Bob nodded his head and smiled with glee. "I am honored to be witness to the beginning of the great domination of the great dominion sir."

"That you are, Bob. Oh and the first thing you tell them is that flannels are mandatory and beards are mandatory." 

"What if they can't grow a beard?"

"They will be shot. Freedom...Pfff."

"Well, sir, I don't think you can...either."

"Oh, shit, right, forgot about that. Scratch that. Why are you still standing here for, you fat moron! Go, asshole!"

"Yes sir, faggot!"

"I like that." 

Bob rushed out the door with jiggled buttocks. Suddenly the profanities that muffledly boomed outside became more clear. The PM heard amidst the chaos the national anthem sang very loudly in between fucks and shits and bitch asses before it all became muffled again. With a smile, he vaulted down the table and returned to his black leather seat. He picked up his now cold bowl of poutine and swirled in his chair. Noting the flags that stood on either side of the window, he looked left and right at them lovingly before standing up to approach the panes. He munched on his cold poutine looking out, seeing jets flying in weird patterns and hearing the sound of loud booms of artillery in the distance. 

"Looks like I don't have to tell anybody how to do their jobs. Canada is nobody's bitch. Who are the disarmed Americans with health care now, bitches. Aw, fuck, this cold poutine is nasty. Gotta reheat this shit! Fucking asshole! Fuuuuuccckkkkk!"        

