A man in a moss green suit walked into the room with a clipboard and remote in hand. He was rotund and clammy, and his hair was jet black. "You're Jeffrey, right?"

I nodded.

"Listen, man," he said. "I'm gonna tell ya how this works. You're gonna watch this whole thing, okay? This is a recorded account of your entire life. You see those pens and paper? Yeah. You're gonna take notes, and it's up to you to figure out how you got yourself in here. Get it?"

I sat back in my chair and looked at the window. All I could see for miles was fire. "What's the point if I'm already here?"

"Well, here's the thing, okay," he said as he switched on the TV. "This is your last chance for redemption. It's like the ultimate time out. You sit here, you watch and you do some deep thinkin'. And by the end of it, you get to plead your case in Lucifer's court. Let em' know you understand what it is you done. There's a jury and everything. They're tough to convince, but hey, you got quite a while to come up with a convincing argument."

My stomach tied itself into a knot. It was bad enough that I was there, but somehow, the unlikely chance of me getting out made it even worse. "So...if I plead my case and the jury accepts, I can get into heaven?"

The man was scrolling through a long list of Jeffrey Bakers, trying to find my profile. "That's correct."

I did the math in my head. "So I'm going to be sitting here for 91 years?"

The man chuckled softly to himself. "Not exactly," he said with a grin. "Not with all that commentary."

"Commentary? What commentary-"

"Ah! Found ya. Jeffrey Louis Baker. Hope you don't mind me sayin' but that is a douchebag name." The man erupted in laughter.

I looked at my profile. It listed all my personal information and had a gallery of photos of me from all stages of my life. At the bottom right-hand corner was a green arrow that said "PLAY (282.6 years)".

My heart collapsed.

The man put the remote on the small table in front of me. "Now...you go ahead and play this whenever you feel like it. Ya might wanna get a head start, but hey, that's up to you."

"What is this commentary nonsense?"

The man grinned again. "Jeff, my boy, you're gonna hear what everybody has to say about ya. All the stuff they think, about all the stuff you've done. It's good stuff. It'll help ya more than you think, you'll see." The man took a moment to write on his clipboard, and then began to walk away. "See ya!"

"Wait!" I shouted, right as he was about to close the door. "None of this makes any sense! All I've done my entire life is try to make people happy, what could they possibly have to say about me?!"

The man shook his head, and leaned on the frame of the door. "Oh boy. Jeff, I...I can't tell you much, okay?. Just listen carefully."

Before I could respond, the door shut behind him and there was silence. I stared at the remote on the table. For a few tense moments I could feel my hand being pulled towards it, while my shoulders desperately tried to pull me back.

But the idea of 282 years crept up my spine and inspired an intense feeling of dread and panic. I let my eyes set on the door, which had no handle from the inside In one swift motion I picked up the remote and selected play.

I expected to see my birth at the delivery table, or my mother holding me, but what I saw was something that shook me to the core.

It was Poppy Green, a girl I had dated when we were seniors in high school. We had broken up before we went off to college because she said that she needed to "be free". She was sitting in a simple, white room, and looked exactly how she had when we had broken up. She had beautiful red hair.

She cleared her throat and looked down at her feet. "Jeffrey Baker...wow. Where do I begin? We were so in love...and then, well, I don't think anyone has made me so unhappy in my entire life."

I grabbed a pen.