Eternal life wasn't so bad. At least, Lazarus thought it was eternal life. He scrubbed his face with water and examined his face in the mirror. It hadn't changed as far as he could tell, but he couldn't really be sure. He couldn't be sure of anything more than a hundred years ago, really. Two thousand years sounded like a lot when you started off thinking you were only getting maybe eighty, but you still lived one day at a time. Plus, you forgot so much and remembered random things. Like, he was still fluent what was now called ancient Greek, but he couldn't remember learning it or why. Had he even ever been to Greece? He wasn't sure. He knew he had been called to life by Jesus, but that was because he had been constantly reminded of it by the story in the Bible. He had panicked the first time he realized that he couldn't actually remember that moment or whether that guy was actually Jesus or if he just woke up. All he knew is that this was pretty much always the face he had, that he didn't get sick, and that he healed almost immediately from any injury. 

Something crashed to the floor in the other room. Ah, Rachel.

Sometimes he would spend a lifetime building relationships. He had ended up adopting children when none came naturally after he came back to life - the price of living forever, he supposed. No endless progeny for him. And when some did come naturally, well, at least he knew more than most that it was probably not genetically his. Sometimes that mattered, sometimes not. He knew he had treasured those years and wept when he had to fake his death after only a handful of decades, but he couldn't remember more than flashes and general impressions. A laughing child. Sweet kisses. Sweet lies. Being stabbed. Celebrating a success, a birth, a relationship. Doctoring those struck with plague. Having his throat run and being thrown in the river. Torturing people just to pass the time. Walking from one oceanside to another. Being disemboweled by a tiger and waking up four days later without a scratch... 

It was always four days later when he died and somehow he always woke up a dozen steps or so from where his body had ended up - or most of it anyway. It was awkward. Painful to die, sure, but it was the resurrection he dreaded. Sometimes he simply woke up naked a few feet from his grave and extremely dirty, sometimes he woke up in an ocean only to die over and over again. And once he woke up in the hallway of a crematorium to people screaming that they were calling the police. He was pretty sure that was the last time he had died because everything before that was hazy. Death blurred memories like that. Death and time. 

Lazarus stroked his beard. It was growing in too dark for his supposed age. He needed to start bleaching it or rubbing some ash in it, maybe rub a little brown makeup into the creases around his eyes to age him. He needed to look older. These days, people had a lot of tricks and treatments to stay looking younger, but he had to show some kind of aging. He liked his current life and, frankly, he wasn't sure how he could build a new life these days. Identity theft was not as easy as it used to be.

"Breakfast is ready!"

Lazarus chuckled. Making breakfast was obviously a way to butter him up for some kind of news. Maybe she had changed her major, maybe she wanted some mad money, or maybe she was trying to weasel her way into driving his new car for that road trip to the beach with her friends. Fat chance. She was lovely, sharp, and so young. Only 20 and full of fire. Adventurous and a go-getter. She was her mother's daughter alright. 

His heart hitched a bit at the thought. His wife, her dear mother, had passed five years ago in a car wreck. He had loved many times over, but it never became less terrible when lost. It had been hard on Rachel. He had planned on dying when she reached 20 or so, but he felt like it just wasn't time yet. He needed to make sure she was not alone first. It was hard to be alone. He knew far too well how hard. 

A knock on the bathroom door, "Hey, are you okay in there?"

"Yes. I just got lost in thought. I'm old."

"Whatever, Dad." He could practically hear her eyes rolling. "Food's getting cold, old man!" she called as she walked away. 

Lazarus chuckled softly. He had had many daughters over the centuries, but he hadn't been a single father to one before. It was a new experience. A hundred years ago, he would have been expected to remedy that situation as soon as possible. It was not seemly for a man to raise a daughter alone if he could get a woman. And he would have. He had thought about it as it had seemed like the thing to do at first, but ultimately he preferred a new experience.

As he sat down, Rachel brought him a cup of coffee and a plate of pancakes, then plopped herself in the chair across from him, an excited look in her eye. 

"So... Breakfast. Coffee, pancakes, and I smell bacon somewhere. Okay, girlie: what do you want?"

"There isn't any bacon. But, can't a daughter make breakfast for her dear old dad for no reason at all?" Rachel said, batting her eyes with fake innocence. 

"No," he grinned at her, shaking his head. "You want something. So, spill it. I'm too old to play games."

"Oh, you are not!"

"Rachel."

"Dad?"

Lazarus sighed. "The suspense is killing me. Just spit it out."

Rachel took a long, slow breath and bit her bottom lip, flushing a bit as she always did when she was scared. 

"Okay, now you're making me really nervous. It's going to ruin these pancakes," he grumbled as he started cutting into them. He was starting to think there was something actually wrong.

"I, uh... I met someone."
 
The fork froze halfway to his mouth. He lowered it back to the plate, eating being the last thing on his mind now. "Met someone?"

"Yeah. Well, I met him a while ago. A few semesters ago actually. I just... I didn't tell you, Dad," she said with a little tremble to her voice. 

"Why?" He tried to block out all the possible reasons she would hide it. Was this guy trouble? Married? Cruel? Was she being used? He stared hard at her, willing her to explain before his worries exploded at her. 

"It's just been hard since Mom died, you know? You've always been there for me and I love you for it, but it's like you never moved on. You didn't date, didn't really do anything just for yourself really, and now, if I leave... you'll be alone. I wanted to be here for you, but I...," she trailed off.

He nodded, "You need to live your life. So, do it. I'll be fine. I love you. I'm an old man." He sternly wagged his finger at her, "I will not have you hanging around me out of pity, young lady, do you understand?"

She nodded, a wave of relief washing over her face.

"Now," he said, smiling warmly at her, "that's all that needs to said about that. I want to hear more about this special someone though. But, first, get me some of this bacon that you're trying to hide from me."

"I am not..."

"Yes, you are or it would already be on my plate. Besides, I deserve some bacon after finding out how pitiful I truly am in my daughter's eyes."

"Dad! You are not!"

"No, truly, I am. And I need bacon to as a balm to such a wound," he said sorrowfully, pretending to wipe tears from his eyes. 

"Geez, fine. Just stop acting like that." Rachel flounced into the kitchen and set a freezer bag full of still-warm bacon in front of him. "Enjoy your guilt bacon. I had plans for it, you know."

"Darn. You'll just have to make more. What a shame," Lazarus said as he emptied the bag onto his plate, making a small mountain.

"Dad! You can't eat all of that! It'll kill you!"

"Seems like a different way to go: Death by bacon," Lazarus said with a smile. "Besides, can't live forever. Might as well enjoy the little things. Now tell me all about how in love you are and how wonderful life is together so I can die happy."