In the same state but many miles apart, two people come to the same conclusion:

*Something is wrong here.*

Of course, they weren't the first people to reach this very obvious conclusion, but they will be the main characters of this story.

Now, these two people...one of them was a young, government employed scientist and the other was a young, elementary school boy. 

The only thing this scientist and boy had in common was an insatiable curiosity and a tendency to ask too many questions, which oftentimes got them in trouble.

On this blessed day, the scientist clicked his pen repeatedly and swiveled around in his chair to face his colleagues. The boy sat on the top step of his porch and looked at his friends. Together, but far apart, they said:

"Doesn't it seem weird to anyone that only old people with *no teeth* got the virus?"

The scientist's colleagues and the boy's friends shared glances, then slowly confirmed with head nods.

And here, because of different experiences, their dialogue broke apart.

The scientist said, "What is it about old people with no teeth that makes them targets for this zombie virus?"

"It can't be airborne," the boy continued the thought, "because Old Man Jenkins" - the cranky, old man who lived in their neighborhood - "is old, has no teeth, and sits outside all day and he hasn't turned into a zombie."

Their thoughts merged together again: "So, *what* could it be?" 

The colleagues and the friends sat around, pretending to be interested, but really they could care less. *Their* grandparents weren't zombies, and even if they were, the zombies weren't that much of a threat anyway.

The scientist||boy said, "Think about this. Who are old people most like? Babies, right? No teeth, poop their pants, need other people to take care of them and complain a lot, right? Right. So..." They looked around to make sure everyone was paying attention. "What happens when babies start teething? What do they do a lot? What have the zombies been doing to us?"

Eyes widened with realization.





