I took the time to read through each one of their books thoroughly.  Most of them were over 400 pages, so it struck me as odd when I walked up to the last of the gods and saw a young girl with a 3-page pamphlet. 

"You're just a kid," I pointed out to her, stupidly.

"That is my soul you're seeing.  I am Fun."

"Fun? That's all?" 

"All?" She giggled as if she knew something I didn't.  "Just read this."

Page 1:  Family.  Family is glue.  They are your best friends.  Family means you are never alone.  In my Heaven, you will get to find your perfect family.  They understand you, they are always there for you.  

Underneath the short paragraph, there was a childlike sketch of blue humanoid figures in a group hug with hearts floating above them.

I needed some crackers for all the cheese.

Page 2:  Love.  Love is life.  You will never be without love in my Heaven.  It will be your food.

Underneath the sentence, there was another drawing of a sunrise over a cornfield.  A caption below it said, "This is how much the sun loves us."

How lame.

Page 3:  Fun.  Fun is eternity's secret.  You never get tired of it.  In my Heaven, you chase fun and then rest, and then chase again.  

The illustration this time showed the same blue figures doing various activities - playing a guitar, kicking a soccer ball, playing with a cat.

I looked up at her again and noted the expectant look on her face.

"Why such a short book?  It took me years just to read through the others and yours just doesn't even compare.  I don't mean that in a good way.  I need more data."

"You need more will," she said.

"My will is just fine.  I know exactly what I want."

"Then what is it?"

"I want to understand how all of this came to be and then die."

"You'd like some supplemental reading material?  I do have one other document.  It's not required reading, just something nice."

"Nice?!" This kid was amusing the shit out of me.

"Here."

She handed me a list of "Sad Things to Say."

The list:  Die.  Kill.  Murder.  End.  Death.  Destroy.  Fear.  Rage.  

It went on and on.

"So why do they call you Fun?  Your Heaven sounds like fluff.  They should call you Fluff."

She opened a portal in mid-air next to her and showed a group of people sitting next to a river, drinking beer and laughing next to a campfire.

"This is my favorite family so far," she smiled.  "They love each other so much and never forget each other in times of need.  You ought to hear them sing."

"You've left so much of this reality in your Heaven," I said with a slight bit of confusion.  She didn't make a rainbow sky or anything like some of the other silly books I went through.

"While I was human, I realized that we were already in a perfect place. The problem was people not having fun.  I talked to Creator and he gave me the chance to stand among the gods.  He told me to keep my Heaven simple though, because the others are kind of assholes, even though they are very smart.  Don't tell them that."

I laughed out loud at this child's profanity.  She rolled her eyes and grinned.

"Well, what do you think?" she asked.

"I think there is something you're not telling me.  I know you're after something by offering this to me."

"Currency?"

"Exactly."

"Time is what?" She asked.

"Money."

"And money is?" She asked.

"Currency."

"And what does currency mean?"

"In circulation," I replied immediately.  Hmm.

She pointed back to the portal she had opened.  "Your soul in this Heaven will create a more vibrant place for us all.  Each new arrival only makes it shine brighter.  You will become this Heaven and this Heaven will become you.  You make it move like the current of the river.  That is why they call me Fun!"

"Because ..."  I was at a loss for words.

"Because it is.  Do you want to stay with my family for a while and just see?"

"Wait a minute.  Why are the other gods so hungry for my soul?"

"Trophies and competitions," she said with sad eyes.

"I'm going back to my family now, friend.  You can come with me or you can reread your books."  

She began stepping through the portal.

"Wait!!" I nearly screamed.

I felt the warmth coming through the portal.  I needed to go with her.

She reached out her small hand to me and guided me through.
