An ordinary man would not stand a chance. The lone farmer tilling his land, baking under the twin suns of the Kingdom of Ankharra, had his head down. His gaze was fixed upon the soil, his mind focused upon the task. His farm dog was busy chasing butterflies, too distracted to scent the hostile magic boiling in the clearing nearby.

But Faron Bitters was not an ordinary man.

Three lightning bolts were unleashed simultaneously from the surrounding forests, each angled to ensure that even if their target could dodge one, the others would find their mark. The hissing snap of boiling air followed closely in their wake, rustling leaves, churning dust devils. Each spell was potent enough, deadly enough to fell a fully grown orc.

Faron caught the first one easily, crushing it into motes of light with his callused fist. His plough, set free, took its time to fall gracefully to the ground.

The second spell spilled against the barrier encasing Faron, winking out of power as its energies were spent trying to overcome the immovable. 

The final spell froze in midair, hovering at eye-level, straining to reach its destination. It shimmered, an angry scar of azure, like a rat trapped between glass plates. Faron lifted his hat, fanned himself, then walked around the imprisoned spell, examining it closely.

“Well woven,” he said, as he replaced his hat upon his head. “Two parts power, one part mobility – Illuma’s Ideal for battlemagic. Novices tend to pour too much power into their spells, forgetting that their spells actually have to hit somebody to be effective. Not many remain today who can spellweave this elegantly. To whom do I owe the honour?”

Though the suns still hung at their highest in the skies, six shadowy figures emerged from amongst the trees. For a second Faron thought his eyes were tired, but then he realised the reason why he couldn’t focus on them easily, was because each of them had shrouded themselves. He knew that if his concentration slipped, they would disappear, right before his eyes.

“Master Bitters,” said the tallest one. He pulled back his shroud, and Faron noted the pale skin, thinning hair, shrunken flesh. He looked as if he had just emerged from a prolonged stay in the catacombs. “We’re… sorry we had to resort to that. We had to be sure that you were the one we were seeking.”

Faron laughed. “And if I wasn’t? Would you have fried some poor farmer out here in the sticks just to sate your curiosity?”

“I’m Magister Kellway, and we are here to seek your – ”

Faron chose that moment to strike. He had hazarded that they meant him no harm – why else would they yield after the first feint, then reveal themselves? But he could not rule out mischief, or treachery, and so he chose prudence.

Like a golden arrow, Faron sped towards the entourage, closing the distance before they could react. Two of them, the sharper ones, tried to throw up their defences, but Faron was too fast for them. By the time the dust settled, five were on the ground, bound and disabled. The one who called himself Kellway dangled off the ground, twisting in the air as Faron gripped his neck.

“Seek what from me?” asked Faron. “Choose your words carefully. I happen to want to be left alone.”

Kellway held up his hands, then shut off the valves to his power. Faron recognised the timeless sign of surrender, and let go. “We need your help,” said Kellway, on his knees, coughing and rubbing his throat. “The Kingdom needs you again, Master Bitters.”

“I’m done with all that,” said Faron. “I’ve done my part. It’s time for the next generation to step up, don’t you think?”

“You rid the land of great evil once,” said Kellway, “and we only ask that you help us again.”

“I’ve earned my right to be left alone,” said Faron, rubbing his temples. “I’ve given too much, sacrificed it all.”

“You are still strong! You can still serve!”

“I’ve not fought a single goblin in years! I’m not sure I can even do simple Sixth Order spells anymore, forget about the more complex ones!”

“You stopped us! You clearly have what it takes!”

Faron’s brow creased in irritation. “Surely there are others who can do what you want? Seek out the Cabal! They are the Queen’s personal magicians! They are the charged protectors of the land!”

“We… see for yourself, Master Bitters,” said Kellway. He snapped his fingers, and the shadows fell away from his body, and from the bodies of his comrades on the ground. Faron saw then, the dulled sigils pinned upon their cloaks, which marked them incontrovertibly for Cabal. 

Faron saw too, that no man amongst the six was complete. Some were missing their hands, some their legs. He had laughed in the face of a grolluc, had shrugged off a rampaging wyrm, but the stench of utter defeat which clung to these six Cabal turned his stomach, crawled his skin… and chilled his heart.

“If you are what’s left of the Cabal,” Faron said, urgency creeping into his voice, “where is the Queen? Is she safe? I have a lifelink to her! I would know if she was in danger, but I have not sensed anything!”

Kellway tried to rise from his knees, and almost lost his footing. Faron gripped the man, steadied him, and saw up close the deep scars upon his body, his missing ear, his clouded eye.

“The Queen, you say? Your daughter that you entrusted the Kingdom to?” asked Kellway. “The Bringer of Light, the Warmer of Hearts? She Who Loves, the Land’s Mother?” Kellway shook his head, and the tears spilled down his cheeks. He scrabbled for Faron’s sleeves, then pulled on them, desperately, angrily.

“She was the one who did this to us, Master Bitters. The benefactor has become the tyrant. Please, do what you did once for this land, and set it free again. Only you can stop her.”

---

/r/rarelyfunny