I sat in my control room staring at an array of flashing monitors. Each one covering a different room of my manor. There were no blind spots. The formation of heroes were slowly making their way through my traps and guards.

*All according to plan*

The heroes entered my private movie theater and formed up in a circle. This is where I would unleash their greatest test.

Steel doors slammed down around the heroes, covering all exits. They backed into a circle formation and awaited whatever came next.

My robo-minions dropped from the ceiling and surrounded the intruders. That's when I turned up the volume on that monitor and queued the music.

As my minions attacked, the heroes went to work while I listened in.

"All right, you scum, keep the circle tight and send em to hell" Shouted Sarge, their leader.

"If you don't stop giving orders like you're Captain fucking Hook maybe I'll let one slip through and take you from behind" Replied Clyde, a different member of the group.

"Nobody even think about it. Our banter is too good for such low hanging fruit" Exclaimed Tonino, the token minority of the squad.

"Funny is funny, Tone. One thing I'll never be is highbrow" Replied Clyde as he tore one of my minions' robotic esophagus through his mouth hole.

"Well you may not be highbrow, but you're most certainly high right now" Snapped Linda, the ass-kicking, no-nonsense lady of the group, who also liked to pack everyone a sandwich for the mission.

"You sell me my drugs, Linda. Get off your high horse."

"Everyone stop using the word high so much. Can you please get yourself a broader fucking vocabulary" Demanded Sarge, now standing amid a pile of destroyed robo-minions.

"Let's find a way out of here, I think we can probably burn a hole through that steel door. Like jedi!" Said Clyde excitedly.

Quickly I turned down the volume of the live feed and began furiously editing footage while they worked on breaking into my control room.

After about ten minutes, they made it through. Fortunately, I had completed my editing by then and was ready to give them my presentation. They raised their guns and pointed them right at me.

"There's no need to be aiming those at me" I told them "I brought you here for a reason"

"Brought us here? We're here to kill you, man" Sarge said, impatiently

"Just do me a favor and turn your attention to this monitor"

They all reluctantly looked up at the large screen on the wall next to us. As they stood there, I lowered the lights and hit play. A makeshift promotional video appeared, featuring the footage and banter from the fight that had just taken place in my movie theater. Fast cuts, exciting music and every other technique I learned in my YouTube FinalCut Pro lesson were on full display.

As the video ended they all turned to me and I began my pitch:

"Can't you see your talents could be much better utilized in my action-comedy pilot?" I said pulling out a copy of the script.

"You guys have got it all; characters, witty banter, jokes, action, violence and there is a charming chemistry between you all. Think about it. I will fund production out of my pocket. You'll never have to risk your lives again. All the missions will be fictional, but the paychecks will be very real"

The heroes stood around staring at each other. Nobody made a move until Sarge walked right up to me and placed his pistol to my forehead.

"Your plan is almost flawless. Your offer is one that we can't turn down. However, you've made one massive mistake. Everyone steals ideas in Hollywood. So thank you for the premise, this promo video, and a script we can use to shop OUR pilot around town. You shouldn't have played your whole hand." He said with a sad grin.

Sarge looked back at his companions quickly then turned back and pulled the trigger. As I slumped to the ground, Sarge spoke:

"Let's move, team. We've got a pilot to produce"