Growing up on the border of two warring countries was an experience to be sure. From the artillery exchanges and the occasional crackles of gunfire from the Border Bridge, there was never a dull moment. In fact, it was kind of exciting. I’d been out of the military for about 5 years now, but I still felt like I wanted to be part of the action. 

I’d become used to close calls, like the time I’d just shoved two bags of mail into my van when an artillery shell slammed into the Post Office, so when my little house shook and a big *kaboom* sounded from the back of my house, I wasn’t too shocked. 
“Wonder if it was Fort Wilmington or Fort Shadrack today?” I mumbled.
 It wasn’t uncommon for my own side to hit its own territory with artillery, they’d nearly killed some fishermen the time they’d underestimated a warning shot and it dropped on our coastline. 
However, remembering the time some bandits tried to sneak into my house during an exchange, I knew I’d better check it out. If nothing else, I figured a shell hole was probably less likely to get hit twice in a row. 
I sighed, grabbed the Sparrow rifle (a little severance package I’d “collected” at the end of my service) hanging above my mantle and headed out the back door.
 
Where an old tree had once stood, a shell crater had replaced it. I cursed as I remembered my grandpa used to tell me how that tree had been there since before the big war all those years ago. I stepped to the edge of the crater, figuring since there’d been a flash of light, the shell had detonated already.  

I wasn’t expecting what I saw.

It was a small round object, flat like a disk but thick. I could see some blue lights underneath it, and a whirring noise as it shuffled around the hole. 
I figured it was a robot, they weren’t common, but a few military ones existed. 
What took me by surprise, however, was the fact this robot was armed.
A single knife, a normal kitchen knife, was duct taped to this little robot. It was still slowly whirring around the bottom of the crater, not really doing anything. The old soldier in me told me that I should probably get someone down here. So I left the little robot and headed back inside.
======Time Skip an hour later ==============


The little cul de sac neighborhood had never been 
this busy, not even when Cletus Mitchell blew up both his moonshine stills and everyone thought it was the North attacking again.

Three SSPD cruisers, and about all the officers Southside had, were blocking off the street. The town’s fire truck and the fire crew had all their gear on and three charged hoses ready for an inferno. The town’s ambulance and a smaller van converted into an ambulance sat a distance away, medical crew ready for casualties.  
A large M290 military truck and three smaller M270 jeeps sat in front of my house.   The base commander at the fort, an old military buddy of mine, had let me stick around and see what was happening. A group of soldiers had suited up in some of those EOD suits and were slowly approaching the little robot, still happily whirring away. It had climbed out of the crater and was now happily whirring around my backyard, still swinging that knife around. 

A thrumming of blades sounded as two helicopters circled overhead, according to my old buddy, the military HQ up in Greenburg were concerned it was some sort of weapon, and wanted us to bag it and send it to them, where some of them Brazilian scientists, the dudes helping keep our little nation alive, would break the thing apart and see if it’s a bomb. 

The EOD guys had cornered the robot against my house, two squads of our nation’s finest pointing rifles and machine guns at it from firing positions in case it was gonna turn into a Godzilla sized death machine at any second. Finally, after the machine turned and left a few tiny marks on the ankles of the EOD suits, they had the thing in a detonation box and were going to take it away. 

=======•Meanwhile, across the river•========

The four US soldiers sat on the bank in the little observation post, two had binoculars and the last two had cameras with long range lenses. The room was dead quiet, as they watched the EOD guys corner the robot. They placed in the box, and then carefully carried it to the truck. The truck took off, the police cars escorting it away. 

Then everyone nearly fell down laughing. 

“I can’t believe it!” exclaimed one of the men as they rolled around laughing. “Them dumb Southern boys thought that damn thing was a bomb!” 
One of the men stood up and mimed being extremely cautious about catching the Roomba and the guys fell into another burst of laughter. 
