I woke up covered in a fine sheen of sweat, the covers draped over my body as if to romanticize my death. Breathing, that was all I could focus on. A strange feeling as if I’d just ran a marathon, the room was pitch black, but noticed some light escaping from the gap between the floor and the door. Was it the lights? I remember turning off everything before going to sleep. I felt like I was suspended in the middle of a void and all I could see was that leakage of light. What was going on?

A high pitched tone repeated truly got me to my senses, I could hear a muffled human noise from the outside that sprouted goosebumps all over my body. Something was wrong, I slapped my hand on the bedside table looking for my phone but I couldn’t find it. Damn thing must have fallen off the table again. Fishing for the phone, I felt a strange bump that I didn’t recognize before. This was something peculiarly round and not of human nature. It felt smooth under my hand with a texture that couldn’t be described. Something akin to plastic, but not quite plastic. I tried to pick it up but it wouldn’t budge. I realized the atmosphere in the room, something wasn’t right. The room was completely silent, the buzzing and the muffled human noise gone. All I could hear was the eternal silence and a whine coming from my ear. I didn’t like this. This wasn’t normal. I pulled my hand away to find out that the object has caused this. 

My vision returned back to normal, the light slowly came back and so was the buzzing, at which point it was louder than before. What has just happened? I needed to get up. Forgetting about the endeavor with my phone I navigated through the dark room between the piles of clothes and my desk to get to the door. I opened it to be showered by light, the TV was on, the message could be heard clearly now, and the lights were also on. I don’t remember leaving them on. “Turn off the lights, do not look outside, do not make loud sounds.” The buzzing only made the message more audible, but one thing overpowered the sound of the thudding. Thudding.