You know it’s funny how the world works, one night you go to bed with your family smiling about the wonderful day you all shared. It’s funny how all of that can be ripped away. 

I never thought I would actually miss mowing my lawn but right now there is nothing I wouldn’t give to feel the sweat drop down my back on a summer day as I push that rusty lawnmower that sat in my shed 9 months out of the year.  



They use to call me General Daniels back in my army days but you can just call me jack and I’m going to tell whoever finds this how the world crumbled before my eyes. 

Everything was great until the end of 2018, Clean energy was surging due to new technology advancements and what scienctist expected would need at least 20 years had been 90% completed in just a few short months. Sounds like a wonderful jong right? I think so too but sooner rather then later the world would take a drastically different turn. 

Instead of being happy the planet was now safe the people who made all of their money from oil like important CEOs, princes, leaders of oil exporting countries started seeing their revenue count diminish every day. That wasn’t ok with the .01% and the world would suffer for it. These people started finding nuclear programs of countless countries, soon nuclear weapons would be the top priority of governements once again, except this time everyone had them.  After that it was a ticking time bomb. One country after another fell. First of course Notth Korea took out South Korea, then an alliance formed by warlords bought a warhead from an unknown government. They detonated it in the middle of Kenya on accident basically wiping everything there out. Last but not least Israel and Palestine both detonated middles knowing all too welll that they would destroy both countries, millions died. Thats Why the world army was created to put a stop to things like this. 

Every nation wanted influence with the world army; they outclassed every army in the world with more advanced technology that the rest couldn’t even compete with. 
Each nation wanted more generals in the world army, they wanted to control this power to have it for themselves. 

Countries with a more violent past would have less generals I was one of 3 United States generals, there was 1 Russians, 2 Japanese, 1 Chinese and another 2 Australian. Europe had 8, 3 Swiss, 2 French, 2 German and 1 Italian. Canada being well known as an extremely nice country had 10. In a year they had 20 and had reduced everyone else by 1 and 6 months later I was one of 4 non Canadian generals. 6 Months after that I was let go and it was now am all Canadian leadership. They were doing great, the world was doing great until that day. May 6th 2020. I went to bed with a smile on my face and was woken up by the sound of flash bangs and screaming. I was then promptly handcuffed and placed into a police truck with my family before even realizing what was happening a man in a suit comes out and says 
“hello general, I’m sorry to inform you that you’re under arrest for treason according to the new laws of the Canadian world government.” He says with a malicious smile. 
“Whst, you can’t I haven’t done anything! Where are they taking my family you bastard.” I scream as two men walk in and start shoving my side Jane my daughter Mary and my son Sam out of the truck. 
“Don’t worry you’ll see them soon we just need to ask you a few questions” the man says as he starts leading me towards the world army headquarter a building now adorned in Canadian pride. Flags, decorations, and a large Canadian flag painted on each country of the globe. 
All I knew then was I had to escape and get my family to safety. So I grabbed my chaperones firearm and shot him in the leg, I then proceeded to do the same to the 2 soldiers guarding my family and the I ran to the trucks signaling them to follow me. They entered and I floored it, every radio station was playing the same message on a loop, “The Canadian forces now have control of the world army, we will bring peace to this world even if it’s through an iron fist, if you do not comply prepare to be punished to the fullest extent of the new Canadian world law” 
They would be looking for us back home so we went to the woods for months, there we met more escapees, a couple of high ranking former world army officers. 2 months later we got back to a desolate home with broken civilians and that’s how me and general Adams created the rebellion. 


I was gonna write more but I have to sleep, go easy on me it’s my first time ;) any tips and or criticism is welcome I’m looking to improve. 