In the heart of the dying world, I sat down and watched them. Power wasn't going to die anytime soon. The physical laws of the realm had never slipped, only the mortal's grasp on them.

It was only a matter of time, though, before even those laws were devoured, shoved into greedy maws. Released back into the entropic chaos of the universe. Feasted upon like ravenous carrion, skin split open like balloons.

But that was not what bothered me, for those things would happen after I myself had passed on, and it was the nature of all things to die.

And yet...

I reached out with a thing hand, skin so pale and paper like it merged with the List that cradled my body, and infinite expanse of ink that not so long ago had seem truly infinite with it's billions of names and gently brushed the sad little bush growing in the corner of the bunker.

It didn't have a name, but... it didn't need a name. If it were named, I would see it and eventually have to take it. 

I had a partner once, not terribly long ago. It was nice to be remembered back then, deified. Dozens of me in dozens of different places.

That fractal had been stolen from me, and I missed it.

But not enough to forget my solemn task. My fingers flicked across the bush, and I killed the blight growing on it's branches. Death took the individual cells and robbed them of their time, sending vitality back into the plant, and speeding on the journey to the end of another species. Then I withdrew the list the had burrowed its way into my fragile paper skin and ran my fingers down it. Hours. Minutes. Seconds. Days. Years. Billions of names. Everyone that had ever lived. Everyone that was yet to die. It took far too long to reach a name that was not scratched out.

And then I stepped out of the shadows on another shadowed bunker, where the power had gone out. I could hear the shaking of many bodies, cowering in the darkness.

And one soul that had decided to not cower, but stare at me in wonder.

"So you've come for me, have you?" The leader said, their skin blemished with age, cancer, poison, a thousand different causes of death, interwoven in a bizarre tapestry. My right eye saw fate. My left eye saw nothing but the quirk of their lips.

My head slipped to the side.

"Yes, I can see you, pale one. Do you speak my tongue still?"

"I do," I said, slowly. "Have you come to bargain?"

"Bargain?" The leader laughed, their eyes alight with something like amusement, but bitter, deeply so. Like the bushes that had died in africa, too many years ago, or the brushes the tigers had played in greater asia, when death swept through again and again. "There's nothing for me to offer."

"There are always such things to offer," I said, pleasantly.

"Not to a dying world," they said, plainly. "There's nothing left that I can do for you."

I blinked. Slowly, so that fate flickered across my eyes, the gently tugging and whirring of those beautiful weavers. Where had they gone? Another world? Spun their own way into an escape? What pleasant sunny place had they found, where the skies were not choked with ash and burning clouds? Did I miss them too?

I did.

"For me?" I said. "There's nothing wrong with me."

"I saw you once, decades ago, when you came for my mother. Your skin was gleaming and polished like the sun, and radiant,"

My right eye flicked back through fate. Dozens of years taken back in a second, until I saw their mother's name sketched up and marked through, in a hospital, with the sun outside, and bizarre music playing, cake, candles, wind. Did my fingers drift across her hair like the card in thread, or did it drift across the child, watching in the corner, who knew that I was there?

"And now you are as pale as I am. What has happened to you? Have you grown old?"

I stared down at my hand, then slowly twisted it until my wrist ached. How long had I been bound to this world, trapped in the incalculable twists of fate.

Had I once had volition, or was I created for such a role? and when I died, where would the role go? Would there simply be nothing left? Would I appear again when life appeared? I...

There was nobody left to ask. How many names had been crossed out on my paper armor. How many names were left on my paper skin, and how many times would I cross them out in my own blood before my veins finally ran dry?

"There's nothing I can offer you. The power's out, and my temperature is dropping. Soon, my children will join me."

I stared at them for a long moment, then turned away. Man defined fate and meaning. They always had but... what good was meaning now? And yet...

"You will owe me greatly," I intoned.

Their face stiffened slightly, then went into a slack, joyful grin.

Then I drifted through the halls of that dying compound, hand out stretched. Fate had deemed that this bunker die, and plunge the whole of Russia into the domains past this. And yet... when was the last time I had seen another psychopomp. Where was the Reckoner? The Masked? Where were they now, in the infinite fractal?

Or were they gone just as I was, with their skin of paper and fire, knit with ink and dressed in their sunday bests, buried deep in the ground, where nothing could touch me again?

My hand found the generator and I called upon the great conduits still left in the world. They had blinked out, one by one, as the hunger had taken them, each one a scream. Something I'd taken.

Could it be that in the end, the laws that had chained me for so long had also died?

Leaving just me and the handful of life left around the globe?

But a single conduit answered my call. New York, perhaps, buried in it's central park. Coherence and meaning kept them chained, from the few survivors who had left.

And then the bunker slowly whirred back on, powered from afar by the crossing paths.

Heat flooded the bunker, and the dying leader smiled as the shaking slowed, then stopped. Life had been saved. Peace had fallen into their hearts.

And perhaps, hope, for the first time, settled upon them like atomic ash.

And in the sky, cloaked in ash and darkness, there gleamed a single red star of the war god.

-----

https://www.reddit.com/r/Zubergoodstories/ for more like this, try here! 