— Groveling at dirt. 

The azure sky hung high, full of life as if mocking our failure. The scorn and malice on their faces was enough to send the captain into a frenzy of rage and inevitably earned us this pathetic position, unable to do as much as glance at what was supposedly 'our' new world.

“—Damnit.” I heard the sound of clanging chains beside me and turned my head to be faced with the pathetic sight of our captain. 

I sighed. My arms were tired and feet bruised, but our labor was yet to come to an end. Fortunately there was water in overflow, supposedly to keep us going.

”Cap'n, let's keep a clear head.” I said. He laughed in response, blazing eyes turning my way.

“Hana,“ he paused. “Look around you. This isn't our world anymore; we're people here. Peasants.” Scorn laced his tone. Can't blame him. They forced us into labor. 

Can't blame them either.

Inevitably, we'd have to work nonetheless. Especially after Beowulf refused all hospitality and denied the entire crew a position at the head.

The blame didn't only fall on him but for the time being their anger had no other outlet. 

Pride, I supposed.

“Could've kept it down,” I snapped out of my thoughts and sat on the edge, feet dangling in the water. “Can't all be winners, but I'd much rather have a position at the front. Fresh air feels good, but suffocating when your entire day is spent in it.” 

Truth is, many of our own regarded a position at the front as treason while others happily took the opportunity. It was a silent war, even if our efforts were acknowledged— and mocked.

“Go on. I cant prevent you from taking action to better your own life.” The cool undertone in his voice only fed my uneasiness. 

Humans, though regarded as united, stood on two sides. We've waged war amongst ourselves more than any known species to this date.

So much for the 'united' race.

”...That's no good,” I told myself, shaking my head. ”Natalie passed yesterday. Wouldn't want to undergo the same fate. To them, while we are explores, we're primitive. Too bad.“ I leaned back, resting on my arms but careful not to fall in the water.

“The mission they've sent us on,” Beowulf spoke, in thought. “To send others. What was the point of that?” I turned. He had a point. Why send people on the exact mission we were sent on? That only made this matter more suspicious than anything.

“...What... are you suggesting?” I hoped he had a better idea than mine.

I prayed he did.

“Our replacements.” A grim thought. He sneered. ”They never expected us to succeed in the first place.”