Jessie struggled against the chains, her naked body cold with sweat, her eyes burning in feverish despair. The blindfold was soaked in her tears. She heard them chant darkly around her. She had seen the knife, the chalice, the circle of candles, and the pentagram on the floor. She tried to scream but the foul-tasting gag muffled her.

Only this morning she had prepared herself for her first day of high school. She was ready to meet her new classmates – ready, but nervous. She had heard the van drive up behind her. She remembered thinking nothing of it. And then it was just blackness.

She gasped as she felt cold steel run down her thigh, and then the sting. Wet heat seeped down her skin.

“Oh, Dark One!” A deep voice said in maniacal ecstasy. “We offer you the blood of this virgin! Step forth!  Join us on this mortal plane. Take your throne! The world is yours.” 

At first, there was nothing, but then the room shook. Jessie could smell the mortar dust sailing down from the ceiling. Her stomach felt like she was on a roller coaster. Strange smells filled her nostrils. Charcoal, rotten eggs, and melting iron. Then there was heat.

‘*Open your eyes,*’ a voice whispered in the back of her mind.

Jessie took a deep breath. She could feel the heat on her lips and in her throat. She was no longer gagged. She sat up and opened her eyes. 

The landscape before her was a waste of ashes and darkened mountains. Like the neon signs of an amusement park, rivers of flowing lava lit up the night. What the hell…

‘*That’s right. That’s exactly it.*’

Jessie shook her head trying to rid herself of the strange whispers, and at the same time make sense of her surroundings. The ground beneath her rumbled. In the far distance, a red flower bloomed over a mountain, and then the rock started bleeding.

“Where am I?” she said, despite herself.

Her voice was twisted and dark and sent a shiver down her own spine. It wasn’t her voice. 

‘*You’re in Hell, baby.*’

“Who are you? Am I dead?”

The voice let out a hushed chuckle.

‘*Listen, girl. Allow me to take your soul, and I’ll put you right back in your world.*’

Jessie thought about her parents and her little sister; she did want to see them again. This place was dead; there was nothing for her here. Still, the room with the crazed cultists flickered in her mind. She had been so scared. She didn’t want to go back to that.

‘*What are you going to do, huh?*’ the whispering voice said. ‘*There’s nothing for you here.*’

“How do I know that?” Jessie growled, trying to stay unfazed by her dark voice. “I’ve only just got here.”

‘*You can trust me, I’ve been here for a very long time. There’s nothing but brimstone and suffering here.*’

“Are you Lucifer?”

The voice laughed in the back of her mind but didn’t respond. Jessie looked at her hand. It was covered in red scales with claws sprouting from her fingertips. Carefully, she touched her face. Her nose had a strange shape, almost like a snout, and when she moved her head around it felt heavy.

“You’re not getting my soul until you tell me what’s going on.”

‘*That little cult tried to summon me – it happens. But they were clever this time, very...* **specific** *about what I could and couldn’t do. I was supposed to be bound to your mortal form… they wanted power over me. They were clever. I’ll give them that. But there is always a loophole. I reversed the ritual, and now you’re here. You possess me.*’

“I possess you?”

‘*Yes, quite ironic isn’t it? I kind of enjoy having you in there though… it’s refreshing. But I like I said, I can send you back… at the cost of your soul, of course.*’

“Nope.”

The voice snorted. ‘*What do you mean, ’nope?’*’

“I lied. You’re not getting my soul.”

Jessie took a few steps. Her feet were massive hooves and the ground puffed ash. She left a trail of burning hoof prints in her wake. 

‘*I like you.*’ The voice carried a combination of anger and stark amusement.

“I don’t care,” Jessie said and tried out the massive wings on her back. 

She wanted to get back home, but maybe she could enjoy herself for a while first. She’d always wanted to fly. 

‘*The only way back… is you giving me your soul.*’ 

“I don’t know. If you got in here somehow, there has to be a way out.”

Now the voice went into full-blown laughter. 

“What? It’s only logical.”

‘*There is a way out. I’ll show it to you.*’

“And what, the price is my freaking soul?”

‘*Oh no, this one is on the house. Maybe then you’ll better grasp the concept of eternal damnation.*’

“Whatever. Just tell me where it is,” Jessie said and rolled her eyes.

‘*Follow the stream.*’

“Which one?”

‘*Any. They all lead to the same place.*’

***

Jessie stomped along the dead plains, following a smoldering river. She tried to fly a few times, but her lack of coordination made her crash. She'd always been a bit clumsy, and piloting this body was much harder than her own. 

Finally, she reached the foot of a massive volcano. Lava boiled down its sides, spreading into a burning spider web over the strange landscape. She took a deep breath and tried to control her limbs. Arms. Legs. Tail. Wings. Lots of things to keep track of. Kind of like operating one of her dad's excavators.

Her massive thighs strained, and she somehow managed to push herself off the ground, catching herself with the big wings. She flapped them desperately, and somehow she rose.

'*Not bad,*' the voice said.

After a bit of a struggle, she managed to gain some sort of control. The massive body drifted through the air. Jessie felt her mouth twist into a toothy grin. But as much as she enjoyed the tingly sensation in the pit of her scaly stomach, she wanted to get back home.

Landing on the rim of the volcano's top was far from easy. She crashed inelegantly into a heap. She'd have to practice that. 

The interior of the mountain was a massive red lake. 

'*This is where we put some of the sinners,*' the voice said and chuckled. '*Swim across, Little Soul, swim across! They never make it very far.*'

Jessie noticed tiny black dots right below her. They were all people, screaming and trying to claw their way out. 

"So, how do I get out?" Jessie said, trying to keep her voice steady.

'*At the middle.*'

She wasn't super excited about flying over an open lake of lava, but she still jumped into the air. It went better this time. Gliding across the screaming billions, she saw a dark shape jutting out of all the red, like a small leaf floating in a bowl of tomato soup. 

A man sat cross-legged and naked on the steaming rock.

"Hey, who are you?" Jessie said, landing with a thud, "and how do I get out of here?"

The man lifted his graying head. His eyes were clogged with ashes, and his lips black and chapped. For a moment, he appeared scared, but then he tilted his head to the side.

“You’re… new,” he muttered. “Have you come to torture me?”

“No, I want to leave! Which way is out?”

“Are you sure?”

“Yes!”

“Okay…” The man spread his filthy fingers into a claw, and grated them over the sharp rocks, cringing from the pain.

A trail of bubbling blood soon formed a circle on the ground. The man shook his head. 

“Just step into the circle,” he mumbled.

Jessie was about to do as she was told, but then a thought struck her. This poor man didn’t deserve to suffer here after being so helpful. She was going to bring him along. And with a flick of her massive wrist, she snatched him up. He let out a shrill scream of horror, kicking and wriggling to get free. 

“Let’s go home,” she said and stepped into the glowing circle.

She felt the air pulsating around her, and a strange pressure pushed on her shoulders.

‘*I lied too,*’ the voice inside her head said and laughed. ‘*There’s only down from here.*’

***
r/Lilwa_Dexel