The boots were on the ground for the last time. It would not be long before the gasses became crushing, it was already dangerous with this pressure alone. A step forward lifted his white boots, leaving a hard imprint onto the, use to be, cement. It melted composition proved it was a wise choice to use the suit. He could remember stories his grandfather told about this land, and those were just stories of his own relatives.

It was the repeating cycle. Nobody had remembered a time before the blue marble, but there was a time before. Its twin remembered. Had it already been so long? Its crushing force was even worse, already doomed. Nobody had been there for millenniums.

Those thoughts were not on the mind of the wanderer. He was back here for one reason alone. Collect anything possible. As his walk carried on, it was clearer and clearer that mission would be a failure.

The only things that had survived this long were in the ground, crushed and melted. Each cement square on this road was more than just gray. Golden streaks ran across the cement, mixing in to a swirl. One had just barely maintained its shape of a star before the man stepped into it. It was not as if it would survive.

His sight was limited to only a couple of feet from his eyes. Or rather, his helmet. He could not breath in the fumes, the oxygen was already all burned up and consumed by the runaway temperatures. Instead, the haze mimicked its twin in the sky, and grew yellow just as it was. Some scientists expected it to whisk away, but not until the twin was consumed by the Sun. And, nothing was to stop it from reaching his birth home.

Its ancient name was the “Red Planet”, but now, to almost everyone, it was called “home”. That’s where his family used to be.

An expedition just like this one proved to be deadlier than expected. His wife was beginning a research opportunity on Europa. The ice was weak, thin on this bubble from unusual tidal forces. A perfect chance to drill. A perfect chance to fall in. She didn’t stand a chance.

His first search was in the original inspiration for Europa’s name. It was even worse there. His radiation protection was not enough and he was hit with a wave of its deadly assault. He thought he should just sit there and take it, but couldn’t do it here. She wanted to see the old planet. They talked about it through the long nights and the long days.

As the radiation continued to swirl around his body, he began to weaken. The knees might have been specially prepared for this mission, but it did not make movement easy. His exhaustion had even made it a hurdle.

But he just had to go a little further. The stars were far behind him now, and they never got closer. His planet might be the last one in the line.

He missed the greenery on the “red” planet. It was nice to look out his window and see the children playing. It was hard for more to be sired, but many took the responsibility and inseminated themselves. His wife decided against it. After all, it was just a DNA merger, a concept almost just as primitive as the tools he found molded into the stairs. He was even able to see a communications device interface, apparently printed on tough enough material to survive this hellscape.

And his pilgrimage was coming to a close. Even the suit couldn’t hold out much more. If it broke, only a few seconds of consciousness would remain before the pressure took him out. But he pressed forward.

His destination was coming up ahead. The buildings might have been squashed, but they couldn’t reach all the way down to head height. Ahead was a place were the buildings wouldn’t interfere. A whole other city. The walk was longer than his damaged brain could even register.

Why was he heading this way anyways? His grandfather mentioned a red monument that stood tall at one point. Even his relatives could not remember it, but they all knew of it. Only his ancestors could remember what its purpose was. So, after all this talk, he wanted to see it.

And he was able to. Here the haze proved to be inefficient to block vision. He realized why this could be. The valley in front of him had to have had water at one point. It boil would have been a long time ago, but the water vapor had nowhere to escape to and remained suspended here. It provided a clearer view than he had ever imagined.

The red monument was there. It was crushed and its supports fused into the ground, but it was there. The sight proved itself to be too powerful. He had no idea of its use, but it was beautiful. His late wife would have loved it. He imagined what would be her last sight. Complete darkness as opposed to this red beauty.

His eyes began watering. He could not blink, and the acid burned them for that reason. A seal in the suit had come undone and came in contact with the deadly atmosphere.

The darkness creeped on him. Before it pulled him away, his hands lifted his helmet. He breathed a little of the air. It poisoned him. Despite that, it was fresh.


__________________________________________________

I know this is late as all hell, but the prompt grasped me. I love thinking about the idea that Venus might have been an Earth like planet with the same problem of greenhouse gasses eventually destroying it. I also moved forward the time frame more than 150 years. I wanted to make a story where Earth was not "beginning" to die, I wanted its corpse to be the setting. Thank you and have a nice day.