Another tedious day grading papers while my little chunk of the Monolith grinds through another quintillion calculations a second.  Another drink at the bar as Monolith grinds through at the same, plodding pace.  How long has this been my life?  Far, far too long.

If only there was a simple, *analytic* solution to this question.  But the schrodinger equations, like lives, have limits.  The Lords and Ladies, do they have limits.  One just happens to be a lot bigger than the other.

Another thing that has a limit is my alcohol tolerance, which up to this point has always been well below my other externally imposed limit - my bar tab.

When a stranger walks in and sits next to me, and offers to pay my tab, limits go right out the window.  On top of that, he offers another drink, which I graciously accept, and an introduction, which I accept graciously.

The conversation flows smoothly until he states, firmly, "I'm certain now.  I'm certain I met you before."

I reply, firmly, "Kind sir, I've sat at this bar every Saturday for the past two years, and before that, I was a student at a different university."

"No, there is no mistaking this.  You are the one I met.  The same polite demeanor, the same face, perhaps a bit less well shaved.  These could be just coincidences, but this conversation sinches it."

I am confused - perhaps it was the alcohol?  No, I'm well below my limits, I decide.  I try to press him further.  "How do you mean, sir?"

"Why, complaints about a supercomputer running too slowly, an interest in rather esoteric branches of physics, an attempt to do the impossible, after a series of amazing successes..."

I chuckle.  "Amazing successes?  I've had to restart my calculations from scratch no less than three times when the model changed.  This project, as it stands, reeks of failure."

He in turn chuckles.  "Oh, of course!  You simply must meet when you reach 2070, I frequented a bar across the city."

I scoff.  "2070?  If I can push back through time a femtosecond, that'd be enough.  But a whole 52 years?  Ha, that'd be a trick."

"You kept going on about how something caught your eye in one gravity wave harmonics...  Honestly, you probably should've gotten a bit more sleep before that.  You drew such fabulous diagrams, though.  Let me think, I took that photograph so long ago, it will take a while to remember where I left it..."  He pauses to pull out his phone, and quietly mumbles to himself, "2070, December...  Let's see...  Ah, yes.  The 25th, shortly after midnight."

He shows me the pictures.  Those certainly look like my scribles, but what's that...

Oh.  An analytical solution.  Well, most of it.  My hand instinctively reaches for a napkin and a pen.  I can solve this.

"Well. it seems you'll be off shortly, Traveler.  The first, I'll have you know; but not the last.  Here's my card, I've taken to having them dated by year so I'll know when you first met me.  I've been around for quite a while."