It was after the dragon incident when I first knew I was a Side Character.

At Greenridge Academy for magical boys and girls, everyone had a place- it wasn't just the usual cliques, the jocks and the nerds, the goths and the jerks- it was the fact that there was a clear, unspoken line- dividing the doer's, the class presidents, the people who made things happen- and us. The nobodies. The plain franks who were simply *there.*

I knew, we all knew, that no matter how hard we tried, we could not cross that line- but it was never as apparent as when a dragon invaded my Spell casting class seven minutes into first period.

Bajadoo dragons, native to the eastern Caribbean, were rated EDD (or Extremely Dangerous and Deadly)- they could breath fire and had claws the size of broomsticks.  In any other circumstances, we were toast. 

This was not like other circumstances.  

In the desk across from me sat Hugo Watsonberg. Just a few hours into his first year, he had blown up the boy's dorms- and somehow, he still was voted Class president, four years in a row. He was smart but not nerdy, athletic but not a jock, cool but not a jerk- and boy was he charming. Not that I ever had a chance with somebody like him- Alexandra Whiteson had challenged him to a dueling competition in second year, and they were inseparable since.

And when Hugo was around, he was like a magnet for crazy things and crazier people. And yet, the worst injury that had occurred since he got here was a sprained elbow from a particular violent Wand ball tournament. 

So death wasn't a worry- but I sure hoped I wasn't going to be late for second period. *Yet again.* 

I am not an idiot. I can promise you that. And yet I can not explain what the absolute heck went through my head that made me do what I did next.  When the dragon's claws came near my face, it was only instinct to fire a defense shield around me.

It seemed like Bajadoo fumes caused short term memory loss (not something that was in the MagicalMonsters textbooks)- because I had forgotten two very important things right then and there.

Rule #1 of being around Hugo Wastsonberg- do not, in any circumstances, try to interfere with the monsteroftheweek.

And- the first thing we learned, in Chapter six, of Dragons? the Bajadoo dragon's claws could easily claw through a defense shield, in under two seconds.

Which was how I ended up in the headmaster's office, with a broken nose and three scratches across my jaw that hurt like bloody hell, in a whole lota trouble.

The dragon should have killed me when it had the chance- because, when my mom heard about this, I would die a much more painful death.

Headmaster Mackle was dealing with "urgent business" -that seemed like all he was doing these days. Somebody should remind him he had a job to do. But that left me, utterly alone, sitting with absolutely nothing to do for upwards of thirty minutes in a room that was the single definition of magical.

And so, it really wasn't my fault that I ended up digging- just a bit, into the Student files that were, very, very plainly sitting next to his desk, conveniently labeled. 

And when I saw my name- well...

The next decisions I would make would be ones that I would regret forever.

I opened the file, and read the first line on the thin sheet of paper.

*Sam Bell, side character.* 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;