Declan O'Connell was a bit of not more than 14 years old, his mother was a Druid, a pegan hiding in Catholic Ireland, his father had been a revolutionary, died defending the big man himself, Michael Collins earlier this year in 1920. Declan had always wanted freedom for his home, but he was too young to really get into it, so he abstained from involvement. But the night his father was killed the British Security Forces raided his home so he had been in this northern prision since February.  
He coughed, his face still red from the water he had just finished choking up. His lungs rattled and his head throbbed and pounded. The British soldiers draped their soaking wet coats over their arms and were laughing as they swaggered up the stairs. "We will try this again tomorrow boy." Declan had not the energy to speak. 

He shivered against the cold stone walls, his clothes wet from the most recent style if torture they had tried. Whimpering, alone, and terrified Declan turned to the darkest corner of his cell. "Pl-lease Morrigan, take me from here." He stuttered. His eyes begged for death, his skin was almost as pale as hers. The Morrigan stepped from the shadows, pale white skin, long flowing black hair, and a long dress, beautiful in its simplicity. Her eyes were sharp emeralds, a stark color against the deep black of her hair and the almost glowing white of her skin, she was beautiful, terrifying, but beautiful. "Child, it tis not yet time for you. Tír na nÓg will be waiting for you, when it is your time tae join yea Da." He voice was three toned, just as most of the Tuatha Dé Danann, only The Morrigans was more unsettling than the others. Declan could make out a young girl, her voice was lively like church bells, and a very old Cailleach which sounded an awful lot like Declans own Móraí. But the third voice was scratchy, harsh, intimidating, the third was the voice of the battle crow herself. 

"Another story tonight is it buachaill?" Declan weakly nodded. His shivering stopped when the robed woman sat beside him and draped her cloak over his shoulders. He learned against deaths body, she was warm and smelled of ivy and sweet grass. She told him tales of the Dadga and of Lúgh and of battles with the Fammorians that had been lost to history. 

Together they laughed when she told him the story of how Fion Mac Cumhaill pretended to be a baby to fool Cú Chulainn, and as the sounds of Declans chortling echoed through the damp halls The Morrigan knew she had made a mistake. The laughter in both their eyes faded as the looked towards the stairs in silent horror together. 

Declans gaze fell suddenly as the sounds of boot heels approached from the stairs. He whimpered at the sound of the metal switch they used to beat him with tapped lightly, almost playfully, along the walls as the British soldier moved steadily closer. Declan shuddered, a noiseless sobbing into the goddesses tunic. "Yer Ma has been pray'in tae me, just about every night." The Morrigan hushed, "Shes been pray'in fer yer safe return. Just about the only voice old Morrigan hears these days. It'd be a shame to disappoint me only worshiper now wouldn't it?" The Morrigan's whisper was so unsettling it could curdle milk, but it brought comfort to the dirty faced boy. "Doya know why they call me the 'Battle Crow' love? No? Care fer a demonstration?"  

The guard kicked the steel bars of the cellar. His face twisted into a sadistic grin. Kept from his family, forced into a post in Northern Ireland, this guard just wanted to go home, and he would take out his rage on these prisoners until he got to. The old key turned in its lock, and Declan looked sharply up st his captor with terror. The man stepped in, "making an awful lot of noise down here. Dont you know the rats are trying to sleep?" A stinging sensation and then the familiar burning rippled across Declans face as the switch came suddenly across his tender cheeks. He fell to the ground with a thud, but he remained silent, he had no more tears to give. The man raised his hand again to continue but an odd sound halted him; the croaking of a crow echoed from the tiny cell, *'Now how could a bird have gotten in here?'* he wondered as he moved towards the sound. A pair of blooded eyes greeted him, they greeted him at his eye level. He gasped as he stumbled backwards, a large black bird stepped towards him, towering over his body now on the floor  It was the Morrigan, her long black fathers seemed to absorb the light of the room, her piercing red eyes burning into the man crawling away on the ground. Her talons were adorned with long and decorative metal gloves with daggers for claws. It was these armored crows claws that greeted the man's gaze, as The Morrigan hopped over his body to halt his pathetic attempt to flee. He looked up into the birds twitching head, and just a second after locking eyes with those red globes he screamed in shock and pain. Long silver claws dug into his face, tearing his eyes from him. He tried to cover his face but the battle crow tore through his flesh like tissue paper. Declan sat in the corner and stared blankly, the work of his goddess before him, liberating him. It felt like a dream. 

The Morrigan stood before Declan moments later in human form again. He stared at her bare feet and looked bewildered up at the outstretched hand. "Come love, it's time for you to go home now. Yer Ma has been worried sick." 