"Go away!" Yelled Imelda, throwing stones from her third story parapet. It was the third time this week that iron clad men had come storming out from the edge of the forest near her family's small castle, bleating about true love and chivalry while trying their best, and clumsiest, to kill Moonbeam, her dragon. Anyone who knew better would know that Moonbeam was not only a rather small dragon, but he was harmless mostly. 

During the 16 years Imelda had owned Moonbeam, he had never killed anything larger than the small deer that wandered unwittingly from the forest only to find themselves charred into roasted venison. Moonbeam had been presented to Imelda by her aunt as a gift at her birth, which had occurred on a clear autumn night under the light of the fullest moon that had ever been seen in that countryside.

Right now, Moonbeam was cowering next to the door that led back into the safety of Imelda's bedroom. He was whimpering in a way that sent little puffs of grey smoke from his nostrils with every breath, and his little wings were folded tightly to his scaly blue body. He watched as arrows flew over the ramparts and clattered off the towers above him. Below, from the ground, voices were echoing up the castle walls. 

"Please, my lady, be not afraid! We have come for your rescue!"

"I'm not afraid, you wax brained buffoon! And I don't need rescuing!" Imelda replied, sending another cascade of stones down onto the ground, some clunking off of the shields of the men below.

"But my lady, we have been sent at the king's request!" Said one of the men.

"Oh, I'm sure you have!" Remarked Imelda sarcastically. "Tell me, what exactly did the king say when he sent you on this heroic journey?"

The man hesitated a moment "Well... it wasn't the king himself who sent us... but we were told it was on the king's orders that we were to come. A soldier in the royal guard bid us come, that you were besieged in your keep by a great dragon, and that many men had perished in their attempts to save you."

Imelda growled in her frustration. She knew exactly what was going on now. "Let me guess. Did he tell you of the great riches the king would pay you for rescuing me? Or did he talk of my marriage to the valiant one who managed to slay the great dragon?"

"... He did, my lady!"

"And was he a short man, with a wispy beard and a voice like a squaking parrot?"

"My lady, how can you know this?"

"Because he's my cousin! And he's not a member of the royal guard, he's a drunk lunatic who thinks it's funny to send men after me, all because my dragon once set fire to his pants during a party. He ran around screaming and crying in front of the girl he fancied, and he's never forgiven me."

"Your dragon?" The man asked, puzzled. 

"Yes, my dragon!" And she went and picked up Moonbeam, who was only the size of a small wolf pup and held him up over the parapet wall for the men below to see. "You see? He's my pet, and I'm not besieged by anyone other than you moronic swordsman who think that simply killing something will win you true love! Now begone, and tell my cousin to quit this madness before I send Moonbeam to burn off the rest of what's in his trousers!"