"Impressive" didn't even begin to describe it. The craftsmanship was masterfully intricate, leaving absolutely nothing to be desired. The material seemed to glow with delicate beauty, but I also got the feeling that not even an atomic bomb could leave a dent in it. I could tell it was an artifact of innumerable years, but it seemed that time had not taken its toll on this as it had on the other objects surrounding it.

Yep, it sure was a nice door. I stood in awe of it for several moments, until a light touch on the shoulder reminded me what I was here to do. I looked back at my mentor and smiled, then placed my hand in the center of the door and pushed. It opened smoothly and silently, and the sunlight flooded into the hall beyond for the first time in centuries.

If the door was impressive, the hall itself was magnificent. Hundreds of hundreds of treasures, each one practically pulsing with its own unique history and beauty. I walked into the room, drinking it all in. The struggles to this point had been hard, and I'd been tempted to fall into despair on multiple occasions. Now I knew it was all worth it. More than that; I'd do it another dozen times over if that's what it took.

I looked back at my mentor and paused in my jubilation. My smile faded as I noticed he had still not passed the threshold. He saw my expression and grinned wistfully.

"I cannot accompany you further, I'm afraid. This part of the journey is yours alone."

"But... look at it all! Surely something in here must belong to you!"

He shook his head.

"I'm afraid not. If there was, I would be able to see what you see. To my eyes, you are standing in a small, dark cellar. The only treasure I would find would be cobwebs and dust mites."

My distress must have shown on my face, because my mentor hurried to reassure me.

"Don't worry, don't worry. I've seen enough wonders for my lifetime. I am content knowing you will finally claim your birthright."

I swallowed heavily and nodded. Then I turned my back on my mentor and started walking through the hall of treasure.

"Remember! Only yours must leave the hall!"

I looked back just in time to see my mentor's proud smile before the door shut. I tried to shake the feeling it would be the last time I saw him.

I continued walking through the hall. Light wasn't a problem; enough of the treasures shone on their own without the need for reflection. Still, I wish I had the sun's warm glow to remind me where I came from. James had told me that some people got so caught up in the beauty of the hall that they forgot their own identity, and were then trapped in the hall for eternity.

Thinking about James gave me a sharp pain in my stomach. Why did he need to sacrifice himself like that...?

The pain helped, though. It helped me remember what I'd lost to get here, and how important it was not to lose myself. I continued pressing on, searching for my birthright. I had no idea what it might look like, but I knew I'd know it when I found it.

I recognized some of the treasures I passed, but none of them called to me in the way I expected mine to. Mjolnir, Excalibur, the Genie's Lamp, the Lyre of Orpheus, Sun Tzu's Spear... their names seemed to enter my mind even if I'd never heard of them before. I guessed this was because of some relation between me and the heirs to those items, but I wasn't foolish enough to think that meant they belonged to me.

There was no rule against touching the items, as far as I knew, but I didn't want to take any chances, so I continued walking cautiously, making sure not to bump into a stray hilt or handle along the way.

Finally, I came to the end of the hall. There I found a majestic staircase, leading to a resplendent throne, from which the entire hall could be seen, if one's eyes were good enough. For the first time I felt the faintest hint of a call. I glanced around quickly before realizing it was coming from above: from atop the staircase.

*No way.*

I slowly climbed the steps, unable to believe it. The throne? Could the throne be my treasure? I paused, halfway up, wondering if it wasn't better to leave now. If I accepted a throne, that surely meant I was the heir to a king. Kings were meant to rule. For a moment I seriously considered leaving.

But then the faces of my comrades seemed to flash before me. James, Ren, Brent, Arn, Ashton, Theresa, Fena, Michelle, Anna. And, of course, my mentor. Could I really face those who remained if I backed out now? Could I really let everyone's sacrifices be in vain?

No. I steeled my resolve and continued climbing. I reached the top of the staircase and stood before the throne. It was only then that I realized the call wasn't coming from the throne. It was coming from behind it. Confused, I skirted around and squinted at the ground in the shadow of the throne. There, exactly where the call was coming from, was a pair of dusty old glasses.

A torrent of emotions washed over me like a cold wave. Relief, exhaustion, disappointment, outrage, sadness, helplessness, shame. Was this really what I'd come so far to discover? How could I show this to my remaining comrades? But... at least now it was over. I'd done what I was meant to do. There didn't have to be any more suffering. I almost laughed out loud.

I picked up the glasses and wiped them off on my shirt. I put them on and found they fit exactly. They really were mine, then. No sooner had I thought this then a sense of imminent danger passed over me. I ducked and rolled to the side as Mjolnir flew past me, crashing into wall behind.

I glanced around the throne in time to see a human-shaped figure toss another treasure at me, this time one I didn't recognize. I ducked behind the throne again as the item flung past. Somehow I knew it was right on target. Whoever was attacking me had impeccable aim.

*Ok, ok,* I told myself, *so long as you stay behind the throne, they can't hit you. You'll just wait for them to get close, then attack.* No sooner had I thought this, however, then there was suddenly a sharp pinch on the bridge of my nose. The glasses! They were telling me that plan wouldn't work. I had to come out of hiding and trust in them to protect me.

But even if these things had hidden powers, how could they be greater than several other treasures in here? The glasses relaxed on my face, as if to say "just trust me."

I swallowed hard, then leapt out from behind the throne. The assailant wasn't caught off guard, though. He flung Sun Tzu's Spear directly at my heart. Suddenly, time seemed to slow down. No, that's not right. It's more like I sped up. I could see everything, down to the finest detail on the most distant treasure. And I could see exactly how to counter the spear. I twisted sideways with inhuman speed and snatched the spear out of midair.

I could've thrown it back, killing my attacker instantly, but I had also seen his identity. I descended the steps cautiously, but he made no more moves to harm me. I came to a stop in front of him.

"Why?"

He remained silent.

"Why?!" I demanded.

"Would you care to elaborate?" he said.

"Elaborate?! You just tried to kill me!"

"A pity I failed. It would've been a lot less painful for you."

"Dammit Brent, don't fuck with me! What was it all for? Why would you help me get this far just to stab me in the back?!"

"What was it for?" he said softly. "Look around you. How can you *not* see what it was for?"

"What are you talking about? You can't take anything out of here anyway! You shouldn't even be able to... to...."

"To see it, yes?"

"You're an heir too?" I asked, incredulous.

Brent laughed mirthlessly. "Please. Don't mistake me for someone like you. Every hall has more than one entrance, legendary or not."

It took me a moment to understand what he was saying. The door must have some kind of ward on it that prevents non-heirs from entering, even with their sight. But if you found another way in....

"But then why attack me? Why even wait for me to be in here?"

"Ah, well, the thing is, as simple as entering was, without being an heir, the only way to leave is empty-handed, and I think we can both agree on what a waste that would be, eh? Fortunately, *you* are an heir, so you can leave with as much stuff as you can carry."

I shook my head. "It doesn't work that way and you know it. Besides, I can't carry anything if I'm dead."

"Oh, certainly, if you carried anything out of here that wasn't yours you would be cursed beyond help, but that doesn't mean it's impossible. And as long as my hands don't touch them, I can take as much stuff from here as I want. I always thought your skin would make for some nice gloves," he said with a wicked grin.

I wanted to vomit. I couldn't believe this was the same Brent I'd traveled with for so long.

"You're sick," I said, leveling the spear, "and I'll have no qualms about putting you down."

"Now now, do you really want to kill the few friends you have left?"

"What are you talking about?"

"You didn't think I was alone, did you? Ren will make sure you have no one left to celebrate with if I don't leave here alive. Now. Hand me the spear," he said, holding out his hand.

I paused, then held the spear over his hand. Just as I started to lower it, my left hand shot out and grasped Brent by the throat. I leaned in and whispered in his ear. "These glasses let me see everything. Even lies."

I tossed the spear aside and gripped his throat with both hands, crushing the life out of the one who I thought was my friend.

I hesitated, his body at my feet. Then I went to retrieve Mjolnir and the other thrown treasure. I put them and the spear in their rightful places, the glasses telling me exactly where they were meant to go.

Then I carried Brent's body through the hall and out the door, to be greeted by my mentor's concerned face. I would explain it all to him, and the rest of my comrades, later. For now, I just wanted rest.