When I woke up this morning, it would be the last time. Not that I would die, because right now, I'm not sure that I can. What happened? Who am I? The existential crisis I am experie


[Fatal Error 00101] - consciousness corrupted at memory sector 7826


...rebooting (attempt# 984,536,809)





"Mike! Mike wake up!" I heard through the haze of my morning slumber. It was the ever cheerful H-143, My robot friend. My parents told me he was there to help me. They never seem to be around to help me themselves...always working! I miss them a lot.


"Mike it's time for school!" We have to get ready. Leeeeeeeeeeets go!" H-143 cheered, sitting on the side of the bed.


I have been living with H-143 for 11 years. My parents work for the Phoenix Mining Conglomerate and have been living in the asteroid belt the entire time. I have some very fleeting memories of them but they never holo-chat, call, or even write. They were selected to crew the first exploratory mining mission to the asteroid belt. We've been mining the moon and mars since the 2050's and their multiple tours on those missions ensured they would be at the top of the list for this mission. I live very comfortably. H-143 tells me we are rich but I'd rather have my parents than any big penthouse fancy car, or stupid robot. It's not H-143's fault he ended up stuck with me though.


"H-143, I don't feel like going to school today. Can I just catch the lectures on VR later instead?" I inquired.


"Are you feeling ill? Should I schedule an appointment with the doctor for you?" queried H-143 with a concerned look on his face.


H-143's facial expressions were perfect. If you didn't know better you wouldn't believe he was a robot at all. Although his primary concern was my needs, When asked questions, his responses were uncannily human. It wasn't at all like just typing a search query in a computer. He would take his time and pretend to need to think about the answer for a minute, and sometimes he would pretend to not know the answer at all. It was all very strange for me. Perhaps he was intentionally limited to force me to be curious and learn on my own. It seemed like when I really needed his help though he always came up with a solution. He was terrible for homework, but when it came to my teenage mood swings and explaining how to handle emotions and life lessons he was always spot on.


"No I'm not sick, I just miss Mom and Dad. Are they ever coming back H-143?"


"Of course they are. You remember right? They signed a 20 year contract and there has been no news that anything bad has happened up there. They can't make personal communications but we know that the mission is on track and that everything has been going smoothly. They did this so you could have the opportunities in life that they never had. They don't want you to grow up and have to be a miner and make the kind of sacrifices they had to make like being away from you! You know they want to see you just as much as you want to see them!"


I could see H-143's brow furrow and a tear well up in the corner of his eye. I hated that function, because now I wanted to cry too. 


"Stop it H-143! You know I hate that, I was feeling bad enough already and now you're making me cry too."


In a fit of a anger I picked up a framed picture of my parents that sits next to my bed hurled it against the wall. Glass shattered everywhere. It made a huge mess. H-143 ran to the kitchen to grab the dustpan and vacuum and quickly returned to start cleaning up my mess.


"H-143 stop. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to lose my temper like that, you should not have to clean up after me when I do something like that. He was crouched down on the floor picking up the larger pieces of broken glass with his fingers and putting them in the dust pan, his back facing me.


"No, no, it's quite alright. This is my job, it's why I am here. I don't...Ow."


"H-143, what's wrong, are you ok?"


"Err, yes I'm fine, I just need to go to the kitchen to get some other cleaning supplies."


When he left the room, I slipped out of bed and walked over to where he had been cleaning up. There was a small blood red circle about 2 cm in diameter there. He must have cut himself and was leaking some kind of hydraulic fluid.


I went into the kitchen to find him at the sink.


"Here let me help, I saw that you damaged yourself cleaning up H-143."


H-143 looked back with and the expression on his face was one of abject terror.


"NO STAY BACK. STAY AWAY FROM ME!" He yelled.


"Don't be silly you can let me help you!" I said as I rushed over. I have to admit he was the closest thing to parents that I had and I was more than a little attached to him. I was worried especially after that reaction. When I looked over in the sink where he was holding his hand, I was unprepared for what I would see.


He had a laceration in his finger, straight through the flesh down to the bone. It was small, but the severity of the injury was not what was shocking. He was a living thing, he was a person!


"W-w-w-w-w-what the fuck!" I stuttered as I stumbled backwards away from the sink.


"Be careful! Watch that..." were the last words I heard before I lost consciousness. I briefly remember feeling like I was falling.


When I woke up I was in bed and there was a bandage on my head. H-143 was sitting in a chair next to the bed waiting for me to wake up.


"You...you're not a robot." I said.


"No, no I'm not unfortunately. The cat is, unfortunately, out of the bag on that one. Your parents hired me to look after you and make sure you were doing well in their absence."


"But why did you try to convince me you weren't human? Why the robot act? I know it can very hard to tell the difference these days but most of the time it's the other way around, robots trying to be more convincingly human. I don't understand H-14...wait, what is your name?!"


"My name is James, and the situation is very complicated. You should get some rest. The back of your head must be killing you."


"OK. Can I be alone for a little bit? This is all a lot to take in. Honestly, I don't feel like I can trust you right now after this. I would appreciate it if you would leave for now. I mean it seems like you really don't have any bad intentions but you've also been lying to me for 11 years. I need to rest and I can't do it with you around right now."


"Absolutely Mike, I completely understand those feelings, this was never supposed to happen you know? You were never supposed to find out, it was part of my agreement with your parents. Here is a holo-address you can contact me at when you are ready to talk." Just make sure you keep those bandages on, you have a nasty gash on the back of your head."


H-143, or I guess he's just James now, got up and left my penthouse. I wanted to say our penthouse, because he was pretty much the closest thing to family that I had. 

Strangely, my head felt fine. I reached back to feel the gauze covering my wound and it felt dry and clean, but very warm. Too warm. Was my wound infected? I went to the bathroom and grabbed a mirror. Facing away from the mirror on the wall I removed my bandages and suddenly the room got much brighter. I held up the mirror in my hand to get a look at the back of my head in the mirror. 


There was no blood. There was a giant gash about 4 inches long. but from inside of it shined the brightest, purest white light. It was hard to look directly at it. I felt dizzy. I was going to pass out again. What on earth is going on!

I woke up in a bed again, but this time it was not mine. It looked like I was at a doctors office of some kind. I felt the back of my head. The gash that was previously there was gone. There was a window into the hall way from my room and James was waiting there having a very animated conversation with a man and a woman. They all looked very upset. The man and the woman left and then James came into my room.

"How are you feeling Mike? You had a little accident at home. I told you to leave those bandages on!"

"Why James or H-143 or whoever the hell you are? So I wouldn't see it? So I wouldn't see that I'm the one who's not Human? Humans aren't beings of light wrapped in skin James. What the hell is going on? I know I hit my head but what i saw wasn't a hallucination, it was real. You need to start talking because this is making less and less sense every time I run through it in my head."


James sighed, "Look I'm not supposed to tell you, OK? What we're doing here, it could cause you harm if you know. Can you just accept that? I'm asking you to please let this go and accept that you were just seeing something because you hit your head? Who am I kidding. I know you well enough to know you won't accept that. I'll simply tell you the risk. There is a fifty fifty chance that telling you the truth now will simply kill you. You were always meant to know the truth but when you were ready for it, and while I think you are close, I believe, in my professional medical opinion, you aren't quite there yet."

"Wait, you're a doctor James?"

"I'm actually a psychiatrist, among other things. My job was to monitor your psychological development and determine when you were ready to be returned."

"Returned from where James?"

"Well, see, that's the complicated part."

