I missed my hair, and the energy I had. I missed watching people smile, and cry *joyful* tears.

Since I was born, my objective had been to aid people in need. To me, they were lost souls who had lost their path. Holding out a hand for them, and pulling them back on track, was an easy thing to do. You just had to ask the right questions, and hear their words with care. For they often concealed the reason they deviated from their joy.

I had two months left to live, and I was tired of hearing wails and seeing sorrowful tears. They belonged to all those I had helped during my eighty years in this wonderful world. I had fought all my life to made them brim with happiness, yet now everything I had worked on was crumbling down.

"Joe, how are you feeling?" The nurse said, and wrapped her hand in mine. I loved this girl. How far had she came. Her face wasn't covered in specks of dirt anymore, and her poise was worthy of a queen. To think that she was an urchin thirty years ago, seemed crazy now.

"Like a million dollars, sweetheart," I said, and pulled my hand toward my mouth. My organs writhed as I coughed. It hurt as if a hundred shards were piercing them ruthlessly.

"Let me see the hand," she said, grimacing.

I held it out for her. Crimson gleamed over my wrinkled palm. 

Lily handed me a napkin. Then, buried her face on my chest, and the symphony of sadness played again. I despised it. I had to do something. I couldn't leave this world to the tune of countless tears.

"Lily," I said, caressing her hair as she whimpered. "There's one thing I need you to do."

She straightened. Her eyes were reddened and bloated. "Anything."

I took a deep breath, and grabbed her hands. "I can't die and leave so many people grieving. I dedicated all my life to do the opposite, and I refuse to leave like this. I've already helped them find their joy, now I must make them hate me."

Lily nodded, her lips were a drawn into a line. "What can I do?" she said as she sniffed.

"I'm sorry for choosing you, Lil," I said, wincing. She didn't deserve to bear the responsibility of my lie. "But I know you will not tell anyone. When I was diagnosed, I filmed a video where I kicked what looks like a sleeping dog at the side of a road. My face is clear, and so is the dog's. The video is short, and you can see two kicks, and hear my cursing."

Lily face distorted to confusion. "What is the lie?"

"I need you to post it somewhere for people to see." I wiped off her tears. "The lie, dear Lily, is that the dog was dead in the middle of the road. I spotted his corpse and pulled over. However, I realized I wasn't the young, strong guy I once was anymore. I couldn't crouch to drag him out, so I had to use my legs."

Lily broke into a cry once again. Hopefully it would be the last I would hear.

"I covered him in leaves. That's the best tomb my body allowed me to build," I said and met Lily's eyes. "It's time darling. Do this for me."

She hugged me, and I gave her my cellphone. The video was there. Lily did some things I struggled to understand, and said, "It's done, Joe."

"Thank you, Lily," I said. "I need one last thing."

"Anything."

"Remember to smile."

With that, I closed my eyes.

-------------------------------------------------------------

/r/therobertfall - For more stories!    