"This will only take a minute," says Dr. Smith. Today is the day! Today is the day I get my sight back after losing it to a really bad fever when I was an infant. It was my damned aunt's fault for bringing her anti-vaxx kids in to see me. One of them had the measles and it damned near killed me. 

As the bandages start to slide away, bright light starts peeking through until it's so unbearable I start blinking rapidly until I manage to put a hand over my eyes. Dr. Smith reaches out and places a pair of what look like glasses with dark shades on them.. Sun glasses. So that's what they look like.

"Sorry about that, the light can be pretty intense after that type of surgery. How do you feel?" he responds while absently typing away at what looks like a pad of paper.. No, not a pad of paper, it looks like something I've only heard of, a computerized pad.. Was it an iPad? Just then a bubble appears above Dr. Smith's head *I wonder what Stacy looks like underneath her skirt.*

"I feel fine other than the intense light.. Who is Stacy?" I ask. Dr. Smith looks a little embarrassed and astonished, but confused at the same time, "I'm sorry? Did you ask me who Stacy is?" he asks bewildered.

"Yeah, I saw something pop up above your head that said 'I wonder what Stacy looks like underneath her skirt'. So who is Stacy?"

*What in the fuck? What a little fucking freak thinking that about Stacy, but I really do wonder what she looks like under the skirt.* "She's my receptionist, you met her when you came in. You need to watch yourself Mr. Jones, I take sexual harassment of my employees very seriously." *You better watch yourself punk*

"Ok, seriously, am I being pranked or something, I keep seeing bubbles appear above your head with messages typed out." and I rattle off what just popped up.

"Uhm..  Huh... Let me try something. Tell me what you read?" he manages to stammer. *I'm a little tea pot short and stout.*

"I'm a little tea pot short and stout." I sing aloud.

He laughs, "This is amazing! Ok, ok, I want you to go into the hallway and ask my receptionist thinks about me, then report back with what appears above her head."

"Ugh fine. Let's test out your theory," I say annoyed.