Part One of Two

There never used to be much special about the sixteenth of May in Westlake. Maybe if it fell on a weekend and the weather was nice, families would get in their cars and in search of a new grill or a fishing rod, kids would be on their bikes, and all the wonderful things of a New England Spring.

Halloween night in '20 changed that day permanently. Most of the kids, along with some of the adults attending a massive party at the Wright Community Center, were spiked with some kind of drug. The survivors said that the first to die was Mary McGonagle. Her ten year-old daughter, Siobhan, pushed her down some stairs. The fall broke her neck. Another parent, Greg Allan, was also under the influence of the drug. He took Siobhan by the neck and shook and swung and squeezed until the little girl was a ragdoll. Everyone was in varying states of sobriety and panic, cramming into the stairwell. A few managed to get near Greg before he killed little Siobhan, but he swung her like a flail to keep them back, screaming "I HAD TO!!!" Greg suddenly collapsed on his back at the top of the stairs, sweaty and convulsing, with Siobhan motionless on top of him. Panicked, the mob backed off to the main hall. The few who were unaffected called 911 and tried to calm the others, but it was too late. Kids were either collapsing or tearing at each other like wolverines. Parents not drugged were panicked. Richie Alger got on the stage and pleaded for calm. He ended up in a brawl with two other fathers who accused him of being responsible. Several teenagers joined the row, punching and biting the three men and each other.

At some point during this time, Greg Allan aspirated his own vomit and suffocated. He was thirty-nine. His wife, Sarah, and their two daughters were supposed to return the next day after a visit with their grandparents. They heard the news shortly before they were supposed to leave. Sarah decided to remain in Stamford permanently.

But we're not quite there yet.

By the time Westlake PD and Fire showed up, Wright had turned into Bedlam. There was hardly a window intact, and a truck in the lot was ablaze. Some girls were outside throwing large chunks of window at each other, then the police as they approached.

A gunshot rang out from around the main entrance. Sgt. David Pedersen, 33, fell dead. Police returned fire without a clear target. Some people inside were hit. Shots kept coming but no more police would be shot that night. The APC was on its way. They were ordered to shock the location into submission. The machine turned off the street and accelerated toward the building, straight for the cavity where the glass doors had been earlier. The metal monster sunk into the building like a giant railroad spike. But something went wrong. The APC was lodged in the debris, and there was something blocking the hatch. Somewhere in the breach, a gas line had ruptured. The APC was still trying to spring free. Something sparked.

The final toll was listed as 118. Thirteen officers, thirty-three adults, and seventy-two children. After the blast, three adults and sixteen children were on site and survived the carnage. Westlake would forgive none of them. The ones who got away before the explosion were granted a reprieve.

One of the adults was Richie Alger, who was shielded from much of the carnage by the gang that had attacked him, and later collapsed on top of him. Another was old Rory Whitaker, who had taken a dozen children and barricaded themselves in a utility closet toward the rear of the building. The last was Luke Walker. He shot himself in a bathroom before anyone reached him.

The dozen kids with Rory were all too traumatized to say anything more than "no" when they were first asked about what happened. The other four were the girls outside throwing glass. They were cut up badly, pale, and nearly frozen when they were taken away. None of them ever spoke another word, but sometimes they would scream for minutes, while sitting completely still. The Irish folks -the ones who'd just come to Westlake, as I did- started calling them "The Banshees." It caught on pretty quickly, and every now and again you could hear them screaming from the Adams Facility.

Somehow, everyone overlooked the suicide of Luke Walker. Instead, the focus was on Richie and Rory. I guess that pairing had a ring to it, too. Terrorism charges were brought against them. Someone told me they were taken to Gitmo, but no one around here knows for sure where they were taken, and no one here has seen them since. With their disappearance, a lot of people in the town felt a vague sense of justice. There were also a lot of people who wanted more than vague, to be sure nothing like this would happen in Westlake again. An emergency meeting was called, and the Board decided on a measure for the town to vote upon.

Zero Tolerance Day passed by two votes and survived a recount.

It was only after it passed that people started to act reasonably. Questions about what caused the Wright Massacre, what happened to Richie and Rory, why the APC had rammed the building when there were so many uncertainties about what was happening inside, all came out. Police only answered about the drug – a designer job from Europe and rare in the U.S. All other questions were declined. Four days later, Irishman Ian Bates, working on a phony visa and living on his brother's couch, was found hanging from the Fisk Bridge. Police ruled his death a suicide. Until the following May, a few folks around town would run into people they disliked and asked if they heard about what happened to Bates. Of course they had.

"Terrible shame," the inquisitors said with a smile. One or all of them must have known what really happened to Bates, but they never revealed what they knew.

Then it finally came: Zero Tolerance Day 2021. At 11:55 PM on the fifteenth, the signs went up in pairs all along the edges of town, even atop buoys in the Harbor. One read "ZERO TOLERANCE WESTLAKE", and its match read " CRIME EQUALS DEATH". Warnings were all over the Boston radio stations: there would be no outside inference from anyone, and that Westlake meant exactly what they said. The businesses all shut, and everyone hid in their homes. 

Still, the first ZTD claimed a life. At about six AM, Tyler Addison, 26, was driving drunk as he crossed over from Hawthorne and hit the divider on 27A. He was knocked unconscious. Emergency response was swift. When it was determined that the driver was intoxicated, he was brought around, cuffed, and taken to the roadside. Fire went back to the station. The ambulance went down the street for coffee.

According to his own report, Officer Paul Craven drew his service weapon.

"Do you know what is happening right now, Mr. Addison?"

"No, sir."

"On May sixteenth, there is zero tolerance for crime in Westlake. There is only one penalty, and that's death." 

The young man shouted for a moment before the first round silenced him forever.

"[Officer Craven] said the other two were to help us all out. He'd hate for us to find a pulse, have to patch him up and go through it all again," said one EMT.

I wrote an editorial about the terrible handling of it, the summary judgment, and a damning poll of how many people had actually read the segment allowing it. I got a lot of angry letters telling me I should let the police do their job, that crime in Westlake was dropping, and how I was inviting anarchy. I didn't pay it much mind. It's part of the business, I thought.