This time, he had a bucket ready when Amos materialized. The last visit had left a mess on his floor, so he was prepared.

Amos, the memories of all his lives returning in an overwhelming flood, threw up in the bucket. Or more precisely, his spirit in response to subconscious natural reaction, manifested stomach contents he could then throw up. Same difference, really.

"Go ahead. Take a moment." The voice was deep and rather monotone.

Amos coughed and stayed hunched over as his thoughts coalesced. "It collapsed, didn't it."

"Yes. It did."

"How many made it out?"

The cloaked figured paused before answering. "You saved 89 lives."

Amos collapsed into a sitting position on the black tile, one arm still draped over the metal bucket.

"But so many more didn't make it."

"Yes. Are you ready to call the toss?"

"I don't know if I can handle another lifetime. So many suffer, you know? Needlessly. Every day. I try, but..." His memories ached, as tears began to roll down his cheeks. "There were thousands in there. And the life before - those burnt villages. And before that, oh god, those camps..." He broke down and sobbed, burying his face into his hands.

The dark figure said nothing, waiting for the man to recover.

"I have to call it again, don't I? I just want to rest. Please. Can't I just default and go on?" Amos asked finally, wiping away some of the wetness from his cheeks.

"No. That was our bargain. Call it." A hand of bones extended from a dark sleeve, showing a silver coin straddling two fingers.

Amos swallowed and closed his eyes. "It doesn't matter. Fuck it, heads."

The bones tossed the coin into the air, eye-less sockets from within the cloak's hood watching it spin before snatching it from the air and smacking the coin atop the back of the other skinless hand. 

"Let me guess," Amos said resignedly as his shoulders slumped further. "It's heads."

"Yes. You go back."

"Then do it. Let me forget..."

With a gesture, Amos disappeared and Death was once again alone. He stood there for a minute, staring down at the coin, pondering what he had done yet again.

A soft voice from behind him startled him, though he did his best not to let it show. An ambient glow shone out over his dark tiles letting them gleam as if full of stars.

"Azrael, why do you keep cheating him of his passage and rest? It's... unlike you."

The dark figure gathered the coin back to his palm, and pocketed it, considering his words before replying. "Life after life this one keeps helping people, saving them, no matter the cost to himself. He has suffered painful death after painful death, and yet has never stopped doing everything he could."

"Many men are good, my brother, but you've never bent the rules for them..."

Azrael stared out at the blank plane before him before whispering quietly, "Even Death needs a hero to believe in."

