It had been a sleepless night for Sam, knowing fully that he was going to be receiving something come the morning, but the fact that he didn’t know what it was sent him into a mental spiral. 

He looks at the clock.

His parents told him presents were to be opened at eight o’ clock.

The clock read seven-fifteen. 

Forty-five minutes, he thought. What difference were that to make? 

He’d be able to open his presents early and not be concerned about the ever-ensuing presence of the camera, which would simply send his Christmas to FaceBook anyways. 

He walks down the stairs slowly, trying not to make sure his parents fell and stayed asleep. He cuts through the kitchen, noticing the cookies were eaten, but no note left like every other Christmas. Strange. He slowly looks around the corner towards the Christmas tree, spotting a man with only a robe on taking all the presents under the tree. 

He gasps, trying not to scream, thinking to himself that he could either

•	Wake up his parents and admit he broke tradition by waking up early, and report the man who stole the presents. He knows that he’ll be in trouble for waking up early but thinks it’ll be made up for when he can answer who stole the presents.
•	Let the man go with the presents and tell Mom and Dad when he “woke up”. He knows that the tradition is important and that he can’t do anything to help himself here.
•	Grab the gun he had been told was for if they needed protection and enforce this himself. He knows this’ll be loud and that he was told guns are dangerous. He only knows the safes combination as his older brother left it on an index card in his room.

He thinks about this and realises yet another crucial detail that could be helpful in this scenario:

He doesn’t know what’s inside the box, and neither does the man stealing it.
The man is eerily reminiscent though, he had recognised him from the times his grandparents made him to go church for Easter mass while they were still alive, and from their funeral as well. This man told him that “These are my presents, it’s my birthday, not yours”. To this he had simply responded by asking the man, “would you like to open it for me?”

Sam hadn’t been a very athletic boy, but he did like his baseball, more specifically, the Yankees. A Jeter fan since birth, his parents took him to games to dream about his future that would never be, for better or worse. He had always been amazed at the speed and co-ordination of the players. His parents, not knowing this, but at the same time seeing this, had custom-ordered him a Louisville Slugger, his name signed by a minor-league team that fed into the Yankees and everything. It was to be his only present. 

He would never know this though. Jesus had chosen the Mom’s present to be the one to be opened first. It was opened to find a set of tools inside of it for woodburning, one of Mom’s lesser known hobbies that she had explored at times. Jesus, being from a time long ago, didn’t know what this meant. Sam decided to make sure that he knew.

He had plugged in the device and grabbed a piece of lumber from outside, 2x4x6, just big enough to be workable. He told Jesus to grab the tip in order to be more accurate, and trusting as he was, he grabbed it and fell to the ground in pain. Sam then grabbed the knife used to open the present and stabbed him repeatedly, feeling nothing but hatred. Jesus took Christmas away from him, right? He had always had Christmas for him and his brother and this man was trying to take it from him. It was then that his parents had awoken, hearing the screaming and smelling the burning of both wood and flesh. 

He immediately knew what he did was wrong after it was too late. His parents were screaming and crying, knowing that they’d never be willing to forgive themselves or their son for what had happened. The oldest son simply took Sam and had explained to him that sometimes things aren’t as they seemed. The police would have to take him and he would never do this again. They knew he wasn’t mentally straight, but always thought he was recovering from it. They simply admitted defeat and told them to take him away, never to pull anything like this again.
