Zgorptroprt stared at the infuriated little being trapped under the transparent cookware lid. Its unintelligible noises and outrageous motions made for an appetizing dinner theater; as soon as Bthglindalf returned from Earth with the condiments the pair would feast upon the delicious fury trapped within. Zgorptroprt's glee caused her tendrils to alight with opalescent beauty as her shipmate began to materialize in front of her with the supplies.

"I got a *special* treat for us," Bthglindalf chimed, "it seems that this planet has something almost EXACTLY like Yggmarian frying sauce!"

Zgorptroprt's tendrils dulled slightly. "I was hoping we could eat the thing raw. Just *LOOK* at that succulent rage!" She motioned to the tiny white earthling, still screaming and banging against the boundary of its container.

"We ate the last one raw. That little Limbaugh fellow. Didn't you get enough hatred THEN? You *know* I don't like to see them suffer as they're digested alive." Bthglindalf's tone of half-disappointment belied her upbeat tendrils. Zgorptroprt knew that as the superior officer her decision was law - but the role of a proper leader is best fulfilled with a measure of understanding and compromise.

The commander embraced her shipmate reassuringly. "You're right, I chose last time. This one is yours." Bthglindalf shimmered vibrantly, unable to contain her excitement. "Thank you so much!" She turned and began to dig through the supplies looking for her special ingredient.

Zgorptroprt looked once again at the succulent human trapped in its enclosure. It had turned red and dropped to its knees, alive but breathing heavily from exhaustion. She tapped on the glass "We're going to cook you up and eat you Gordon! Yes we are!" Certainly the primate couldn't interpret the hums and whistles of her language, but it nevertheless seemed to inspire a savory angst once more as the creature rose to its feet and began another round of noise.

"I suppose we will have occasion to update our logs over dinner; these humans get so quiet after they're cooked." The commander looked over at Bthglindalf just as she pulled her prize from the box. "So, what's this stuff called? You know I like to know the Earth names of what I'm eating."

Bthglindalf playfully hid the label of the drum from her superior. Zgorptroprt responded with an equally playful display of her authority. "You dare to tease me on top of robbing me of this creature's undoubtedly delectable howls? I order you to tell me what you'll be cooking this noisy little human with!" Instinctively, Bthglindalf straightened. "M'am, I will be cooking him with R-E-L-I-S-H."
 


EDIT: Sorry OP, you *are* wrong about the alien's gender in the thread title. But with a caveat. The Gn'tral actually have seven genders and shift through them progressively as they age; when they arrived at Earth, Bthglindalf was indeed male... but she'd just transformed into her third Polyphase while picking up the condiments, which is why it took so long to return to the ship.