"We can't just keep her alive indefinitely." Horak said flatly. "It is simply immoral. There is no way to justify this. Her clear wish was for death, and yet here we sit, necromancy in play, holding her to a life she does not want."

"Look," Roshar said indignantly, "I don't need your anti-necromantic sentiment here right now. She has no brain function. She is dead. The thing that was her is gone. However, we've no clue what she might have done! What might rely on her spells! There is no record of a time when she was not. There's simply no knowing what will happen with her death. So near-undeath is the answer. We leave her like this. The world continues, but she does not. It is an elegant solution to the inelegant request she made."

The other three nodded in agreement.

"We requested that she tell us, you know," Lilibet interjected. "Just let us know what to expect. We will work on dealing with the consequences then. But she's been all over the world! Who knows how far reaching her magical influence was? Who knows what she has set up? Villages could be wiped out, or cities! Did she build dams for reservoirs? Is Venice floating on her spells? Nobody even knows how that works! We simply cannot risk it. One woman's wishes against the well-being of the world? It is no contest."

"Lilibeth! Listen to yourself! She was your teacher, as she was mine. She taught respect, reverence for agency. Our magics were never to deny the right of another to their wishes. And here you sit, spitting in the undying face of your master, breaking the greatest tenet she taught."

Horak was standing now. His neck bulged and, ironically, spittle from his speech landed on Rylar's still form. Torsach leaned forward and wiped it gently from her arm.

"We understand Horak. Even those of us who did not follow Rylar directly still followed her instruction. Almost all of us at least," she said, stealing a glance towards Roshar, who frowned back at her. 

"However, she also taught to think for yourself. To learn what can be learned, but to *never* take risks that have consequences beyond your own self." Torsach quickly continued, cutting off Roshar's protests.

"If Rylar had chosen to tell us what would happen, we would not be here today. We would be out in the world, attempting to prevent each calamity, to re-establish order, and to ensure a smooth transition to a world without her guiding presence. There is no memory of when she was not with us. No folklore of her abilities growing. No tales of her gaining glory or fame. There is just Rylar, Queen of Magic, the Unknowable. We simply do not know what may come from this, and her decisions put the population at risk, not just herself. It is too much to ask."

Horak sat down stiffly.

"What now then?" He asked, darting fiery glances around the room.

"We wait." Answered Shoran. "We wait. Rylar could certainly bring herself back from this again. None of us doubt it. And if she does, she will kill herself again. But more thoroughly this time. And we must be ready to stop her. The same as always."

One of the attendants brought down food. Horak stared at it. The things they brought had changed so much over the years, as had the clothing. From what the five had heard, Rylar's resurrections and miracles had spawned a dozen religions over the last few thousand years. She would likely start another soon.

Horak sighed and brooded. The arguments never changed, not once over the centuries. But the result would. Next time around, he would fight with her, he told himself. Next time, he wouldn't be such a coward.