It was black. She stares at her fingertip in- no, not surprise, resignation - for half a second before she realises she should hide it. She wraps it quickly in her half-knit hat. “Oh, shoot,” she says, rising from her seat and smiling at the other do-gooders around her. 

She walks away, trying not to rush too hard, hoping the way she clutches the hat to her hand seems like she’s applying pressure and not clinging on for her sanity- her safety. 

As soon as she is locked in the security of the toilet, she eases the now ruined hat off her finger. “Fuck,” she hisses. “Fuck, shit, fuck.” Each forbidden curse feels freeing - after all, there’s no point not to, right? Her blood is so thick it looks almost as though it’s clotted already. 

It’s not fair. 

She grits her teeth, grips the sink so hard it feels like the bones in her fingers should shatter from the pressure. 

It isn’t. 

*Fucking*.

Fair. 

She learned the lesson. Her mother had scraped her knee and hadn’t worried enough to hide it. She’d been arrested that same night - preventative measures. 

Laura had *learned*. She’d done everything right. She’d fought her anger, her despair, the feeling that this was so unjust, and she’d been perfect. No one could do more good than her. And still, it wasn’t enough. She hadn’t done enough. 

Was it in her blood? Transmitted from her mother to her? Was it completely out of her control?

Or was it actually still her? Her motivations were all wrong. She wasn’t doing good to be good - she was doing it so they wouldn’t think she was bad. 

She pulls her hands away from the sink before any more damage is done. She can’t be reckless. 

Don’t actions count more? She can hardly be the only person who’s afraid of being bad. Just because she isn’t *good* doesn’t mean she’s this evil. Surely it can’t mean that. 

Her fingernails dig into her palm, and she can feel thick, viscous fluid beneath them. She almost gags. 

There’s nothing to do but fake it. Continue faking it the same way she always has. She has to hide. 