The Ship called the Jethroll Tow sat adrift in the inky blackness of interstellar space , and in it sat Chris Kirkland wearing a old peterbuilt trucker cap and a shirt calling back to a 70’s slogan Earth first we’ll strip mine the other planets later.

Well here we are.
He chuckled” it’s later.” Chris jammed his finger into the yellow button as the tow beam flickered to life, grabbing a large metallic meteorite from the cold depths of space..

Magic ... Chris idly though as he glanced down at a stack of old holocomic archives and to think it’s all true the old man and grandpa would of never thought ...

Chris looked down at the joystick as he idly shifted the meteorite into a hopper drone. 
But it wasn’t magic that got us here. Chris said to the view screen alone..

Suddenly and with a ozone pop of static a being snapped into the empty seat next to Chris. 

Chris spun around pistol drawn. 

Who the hell are you? 

I’m Blixsran. The orange skinned being replied terrified 
We’ve been waiting and watching your kind. You need to stop your mining operations now. 

Chris shrugged as he idly cocked the hammer back to the old pistol in his holster.

“And if I don’t? What are ya dam space Farries gonna do?” 

The Blixsran puffed up as he pulled a long slender rod from his envio suit compartment. 
“Oh just dispell you out of existence” 

Chris chuckled as he jabbed the old revolver into the blix’s chest 

“Try me.”

The Blixsran flicked his wand and Chris’s felt a small tingle at the back of his neck and pulling in his gut then nothing at all.
The Blixsran looked at Chris’s mortified.

Dispell!  it stammers.

“Too late.” Blam!! Chris looks at the small hole in the Blixsran 

The Blixsran laying on the deck plates his chest heaving as green oozes from the wound.. 
But magic.. it strains to say.

Chris chuckled as he blew the smoke off the old pistol. 

“Don’t work on humans... We gave that crap up with the Egyptian...”

The Blixsran eyes widened as the light of life fades from him..

Chris looked down at the body and toed it with a greasy boot..

“They ain’t gonna learn we don’t need there dam magic..” 

He cues up some classic Zombie and slings another meteor into the hopper drone.
