People seem to think being immortal would be dull.

They're wrong.

Only dull people could possibly think that.  They lack the imagination to conceive a never-ending life.  They misunderstand what makes life full.

Even among immortals, there is much misunderstanding.  I've seen them rise to heights, centuries of building and creating, before the inevitable fall.

Money.  They all seem to desire it.  Or power.  Or influence.  The big three.

Not me.  Not exactly.  I'm... a little different.

I prefer to go unnoticed.  To watch.  To listen.  And hopefully, to understand.  Maybe one day I'll begin.  But not yet.  I've got all of time, why rush something so important?

Sure, it would be nice.  A warm bed.  Regular meals.  Even some company.  But that also means giving something up, something I've been working on a long, long time.

I desire money, yes.  And influence.  And power. 

But it's a little different I think.  There is power for the sake of power, fulfillment of carnal desire.  And then, then there is power with purpose, power with intent. 

Intent matters, despite what they say.

I've spent centuries here, in the gutters of this street, the streets of this city.  I've seen wars come to the city gates, blood soaking the ground.  I've seen plagues strike the streets, an exodus of living and dead alike.

I've seen envoys, even kings from distant lands parading here, just beyond my gutter.  As though they can never die, or the empires they've raised never fall.  But they can, and they do.  While I'm still here.  Sitting and listening, to fools and the wise alike.

They speak of peace.  They always have.  A fools dream some say.  Peace is only enforced by kings, say others.  But as I sit in my gutter, palm sometimes raised for coins those hurrying past may grant me.  I wonder.  And contemplate 

What kind of peace could come, not enforced by kings, nor believed only by those hopeless romantic fools, but true peace.

What would it take?

I've seen a lot, so far.  And I'm still learning.  The world is still opening up.  New territory uncovered.  New technologies created, or discovered.

Whichever way you wish to view it.

The radio was definitely interesting, with television not long after.  Recently there's been talk of transistors, the potential of "computers". I'm intrigued.  It may almost be time.

Time to act.