*CRACK* the shot rang out echoing through the still night.  

A profound sadness swept over me as the finality of the moment sunk in.  Over almost 18 months of conversation Julia had become the center of my small universe. 

What began as keeping tabs on each other had developed into a deep understanding of a person who was half of the recipe for the destruction of every living thing on Earth.  After only weeks we considered ourselves friends, but that had been no problem.  Casual conversations by phone or WhstsApp seemed so innocent.  Eventually though as we began to realize there was a certain chemistry between us,  thoughts of what might be became impossible to push from my mind.  We were playful,  we were fun,  we were perfect. Despite knowing that it could never be,  the very existence of Earth was at stake,  it had eventually happened. I admitted that I loved her.  I told her straight out over the phone on my birthday.  

Initially I thought that my confession would be met with immediate rejection. It was impossible after all.  But she didn't reject me for my delusion.  She instead burst into tears and confessed that she had known she loved me for a while now and that knowing we couldn't be together was tortuous to her. I cried.  

Actually I noticed tears welling in my eyes now as I recalled the conversation.  But none fell, I didn't deserve the relief.

When she told me that she couldn't take it anymore,  she began speculating that the prophecy wasn't true,  she started to believe that meeting would be possible. I wanted it to be true, but i knew we could never risk finding out. I could no longer trust her,  it would be too simple for her to lie about her location and find me,  to force the meeting that could not be.  I could no longer take the chance.  

We had developed a game where would visit places one after the other, sharing experiences separated only by time.  We saw the pyramids me first then her a week later.  She saw the grand canyon and I did as well four days after. Acapulco, the great barrier reef,  Moscow, Rome. We loved to travel.  It made the plan easy. 

Once I knew what needed to be done, the decision had been made quickly.  I went to the Amazon, secluded,  remote,  safe.  She loved nature. I guided her through the village I passed through, down the path I walked,  to the spot I'd chosen.  250 meters. It was far closer to each other than we'd ever been.  She gazed at the dense rainforest that formed a green curtain in front of her,  I stared at her beautiful red hair,  seeing it for the first time in person.  She sighed deeply taking in the view; I exhaled slowly... 1 thousand, 2 thousand,  3 thousand....pause....sight picture....squeeze....*crack*  recoil. 

She dropped immediately,  she felt nothing,  never knew that the man she loved,  the man who loved her had just ended her life. I watched for a moment to make sure and she was in fact dead. We were no longer a threat to the world. 

In that moment every bit of humanity in me died with her. I was evil incarnate, I had just destroyed the most beautiful thing I'd ever encountered, but I had no choice.

I would have taken my own life, I had planned on it, but 2 weeks ago the prophets spoke again. There was another couple, another impending apocalypse. With Julie gone, I had no soul left anyway, I was coming for them. 

