I won't forget what I saw that night, I don't think anyone will. Man was not meant to see such blasphemous horrors. I can feel it seeping into my mind, permeating my every cell, oozing into my every thought eliminating all joy or hope I once had. Now there is only despair and madness. Therefore this shall be last testament, let it serve as warning to which ever wretched soul may be unfortunate enough to read it.

We fought so damn hard, but it was no use. They were mowing us down like bewildered buffalo without so much as breaking a sweat. We tried everything we could, no gun or explosive made even so much as a dent on their putrid green flesh. "The men from Mars", thats what we called them but they were far from men. Their form was vaguely humanoid but their arms were elongated and instead of hands they had long tendrils. Their skin was a translucent green colour, that emitted a sickly luminesce and their heads resembled bulbous pustules that seethed and pulsed like sack of writhing maggots with a thin slit that was something close to a mouth. They did not speak or if they did we had no way of perceiving what they said, I'm sure if we could we would hear them sneering at how easy we were to kill. 

This sorry state of affairs went on for five agonising months, none were spared from the invaders wrath. Women, children, the sick and the elderly were all targeted by the vile creatures and all we could do was run like rats scurrying away into the rotten sewers. I heard all sorts of tales of what the creatures had done with the people they decided not kill. Some claimed that were turned into food and others that they were the subjects of horrifying experiments. This was before their mothership had landed. The green monstrosities, were merely slaves. Horrible twisted creatures created purely to serve. Their masters never even bothered to leave their ship. I was certain that humanity was soon to be exterminated like diseased rabbits, we were doomed.

Then I heard the whispering. The voice in my headspace where madness resides. They said only one thing "Cthulhu" over and over and over. I remember hearing tales of sailors driven to insanity after seeing a great horror in the middle of the ocean but I had never taken any head of them, but I was desperate. I wasn't the only one. Many of the others in the resistance had heard the whispers as well, some even had dreams of city beneath the waves. We decided, that we had to do what was necessary, we had to waken great Cthulhu from his eternal slumber. To do so we had to conduct a ritual which I dare not  describe, for the shame I feel for putting a man through such a terrible thing pains me even now. The ritual lasted two full hellish weeks, by the end we were so exhausted that even breathing became a laborious effort. The he awoke. Great Cthulhu had risen from his eons long rest to walk in the world of men once more. Most of the men in the cult died of shock upon seeing his ghastly form, the others including myself were driven to complete madness, left tearing our hair out in the corner in despair. 

Cthulhu in his unfathomable size towered above even the tallest buildings. The green creatures immediately fell to ground as if they had been awaiting him for some time. The mother ship which itself was 1000s of acres long was dwarfed by Cthulhu's presence. Upon seeing the Great old one they began to flee but to no avail as their ship was crushed by Cthulhu's mighty hands. It seemed to last a lifetime but it had to be mere minutes, what sort of being can relinquish such powerful beings with such ease ? To Cthulhu, the invaders that had driven us to the brink of extinction were nothing but an irritating fly to him. How might such a being view humanity ?

The great one did not stay long afterwards, in an instant he had disappeared along with the green wretches, no doubt to some inconceivable nightmarish plain. We were left to rebuild and to live another day, but at what cost ?

To whom ever is reading this I beg of you, I plead with you, do not ever unleash such a horror upon this reality ever again, for even extinction is preferable to what I witnessed that day. 

I must end my account here, for I can bear this madness no longer. I pray you never have to take my advice. 
