"Hey there handsome."

Point for her, she spotted me first this time. 

"Hello darling. Been a while?"

A crack in her expression, there for but an instant. This is never good. 

"A bit too long. Seen some shit since I saw you last."

Warm flesh embraces me as she pulls me into a hug. I squeeze her in return, silently recommiting to my oath that while she's with me, she'll be protected. On everything there is, I will protect her when I can. 

Still I spew soft, warm and utterly meaningless words of comfort. For whatever reason she still appreciates them. Human behavior is still a mystery to me after these long millenia. Perhaps one day I'll understand these monstrous, beautiful creatures called humans. 

"Now darling, what can I do about cheering you up from this dreadful mood? You know, it seems that there's been a new game invented called 'mini golf'. I'm not too sure how it works but I think you and I would have a blast."

Still she buries her head in my chest. Dear lord, how bad was it this time? I keep talking, hoping to coax her out of her shell, bring her back to the present. 

"They say this new form of golf is so easy that even children can play it. Can you imagine? A toddler trying to carry a sack of golf clubs around?" 

Finally, a giggle. Once more, my impeccable wit saves the day. If I had a copper piece for every time it had saved my life, I'd own all of earth's copper. And then some. 

"I hope that it won't be too easy, however. I need a new challenge. You know how I am, always a new hobby on the horizon to while away my time. To be truthful, I've actually been saving it for a while now. Thought it'd be a good 'welcome back' present. Think I was right?"

A soft nod is my only response. Her grip is no longer desperate, but still very secure. With nothing I need to do for a good, long while, I keep talking; her comfort is more important than anything else right now. 

We've done this dance countless times before, and I know we'll do it again countless more. I dare not ask what events caused such a state, but while she is here, she is mine. Until she leaves again, doing unspeakable acts to ensure the safety of the time stream and the universe, she is my friend. My confidant. The one person in all of creation who understands me. 

The immortal and the time traveler. 

As in all things, the universe demands balance, so too does it demand balance in this. 