278? That can't be right. The most I've heard is 15 or so right? How could I have been close to death 278 times? I'm teach 6/7 year old children in a quiet corner of a quiet town that thinks a dog getting out of a back yard and chasing a cat in the middle of the night and waking a few houses up is conversation worthy for at least a week. The biggest scandal we've had in all my 32 years here is when the owner of the hardware store was caught with his pants down in the back of the bakery. With the bakers wife. No killings, no heavy traffic, no influx of strangers due to tourism. High Falls is just not a dangerous place. 

Dangerous things happened in Trenton, Harrow and Darnish, the cities surrounding High Falls on three sides. That's where people got shot, run over...murdered. They were also the places where people might have dangerous jobs - law enforcement, emergency services, trash collectors. I just don't understand.

"Are you sure that's right? I mean, the highest I've heard is 15. 278 sounds...excessive."

"It is unusually high for this area alright but the system is air tight. That's your number. I suggest you take some time to think about what could be causing these figures. Check the brakes on your car, check your house for carbon manoxide, maybe have an allergy test. It could be anything. "

I left the Live Well office in a daze. My car, my house, my body. Something was trying to kill me and with figures like mine, it's going to succeed sooner rather than later.

My chest got tight. I've been meaning to trade up and get a better car for a couple of years but money is tight and I haven't had that many problems with it. I've had my mother in that car, my sister, my 2 year old neice. Could I have added to their number?

My breathing become shallow and fast. Am I living in a death trap? My apartment isn't the best but it's all I can afford, even splitting the rent with Brian. Sure, the landlord isn't fast about fixing things and is a couple of months late doing the yearly maintenance run but I'd be dead already, and others in the building too, if there was ventilation issues.

My eye sight began to narrow, black spots danced before me. Am I going to have to give up milk??

My ears began to ring, the ground decided to slap me in the face.

Beep. Beep. Ugh. My head hurts. Why does my head hurt? Beep. Beep. Why am I beeping? I open my eyes and squint against the bright light. Looking around I can see that I'm in a hospital room. Looking down I can see that I'm on a drip. My face is throbbing and my nose is stabbing my every time I have the audacity to try to breath though it. How dare I huh? There's a nurse call button beside my right hand.

A nurse comes in perhaps 20seconds after I call for her. She's middle aged, smiling.

"Good, you're awake. How do you feel? Yes, your head hurts because you passed out in the street and landed on your face. Your nose isn't broken though, you'll be fine. You just stay where you are, there's someone here waiting to see you."

Whoa, that was a whirlwind. I got one question in. Someone's here for me, must be Brian.

A small, balding man and a tall, lanky woman walk into my room. Both have that jaded look in their eyes that comes from seeing too much and trying to drown it in coffee and booze. Definitely cops based on the few shows she's seen. Why are cops here to see me?

"Hi Jane. I am Detective Florins and my colleague is Detective Dorn. I'm sure you're wondering why you're here, in a hospital room on your own with cops waiting outside."

I look at Det. Florins, all tall and lanky and jaded. I take a closer look around the room. I'm on my own. I lean forward and take a peek outside the door and true enough, there's a uniformed cop standing outside. I have health insurance but only the most basic. My injuries shouldn't warrant a room on my own.

"What's going on? I want to see my boyfriend. Do I need a lawyer? What did I do? Am I in trouble?"

"You don't need a lawyer Jane. You haven't done anything wrong. The officer outside is there for your protection. As for your boyfriend, we need to talk to you about him."

"Oh no! Is he OK?? Has something happened to him? Where is he?" A million possibilities run through my head. Dead in a ditch, robbed at gunpoint, hurt from a fight with a someone at the nightclub he worked at. He often came home with black eyes and bruises from over drunk guys and scrapes and scratches from overly amorous women. 

"Well, that's where we need your help. We need to talk to him and he wasn't at home when we called"

This sounds like they're fishing for information. Tell them nothing until they tell me something. Play hardball. Yeah right.

"I'm sorry Detective but unless you tell me exact what is going on I'm not going to tell you anything."

Both detectives looked at each other. Florins raised an eyebrow and Dorn shrugged his shoulders. Florins turned back to face me. She pursed her lips for a few seconds, ground her teeth like she was chewing on something. Come on, spit it out. I stared back at her. I never was one for excessive use of words. She took a deep breath and began to talk.

"I have been working on a case with Det. Dorn and another detective for a little over a year. We're a representative from each of the three surrounding cities. We're the best at what we do and what we do is find bad guys. Bad guys that kill people."

She paused to let that sink in. Brian is dead. Brian was murdered. I was right. How though? I can feel my heartbeat thud in my chest.

"We have been investigating a number of murders in and around the cities. I'm sure you've read about them in the paper or seen it on the news. Women, 25-35, high levels of alcohol in their system. Beaten, raped, strangled then left to rot on a quiet roadside. Most of them put up some form of fight but it wasn't enough. They just weren't strong enough."

I blink at her. Brain was murdered the same as these women? He's strong though. He works out. He's used to getting into fights. He's worked at so many bars and clubs, he's used to it. He would have been able to fight them off. My breathing becomes shallow and fast.

"We got plenty of DNA evidence but no hits in the database. Whoever this guy was, he had never been caught for anything and wasn't in the system. We knew that if we didn't find him soon, he'd keep killing whilst also keeping his nose clean. It took months but finally we're were able to secure a warrant to collect everyone's DNA that worked in the bars and clubs that these women had last been seen in. That was a week ago. We go the results back...and we got a hit."

A week ago? That's the last time she'd seen Brian. She'd came home from work the next day to find a letter from him telling her he'd had to to home for a family emergency and he'd be back in a week or so. He'd left a rose on the note. She hadn't heard from him since but she wasn't worried, it wasn't out of character. They were both independent people and didn't have to be in constant contact. He'd go away for days at a time sometimes and would have no contact with her but he'd always tell her with a note. Always leave a rose. Always come back. My eye sight began to pinhole. 

"The women were all approx 5"4', slight build - about 115lbs, bobbed hair light brown in colour, grey eyes." 

She had just described me. 

"He left a rose on every body..." 

Black spots danced in front of my eyes. 

"Where is Brian?" 

278 times I'd cheated death. How many women had taken my place? With ringing ears I passed out. 

—----------

It's years since I did any creative writing so be kind! So typed on my phone so forgive any ridiculous spelling errors.