I was born into a barren world of booming volcanos, red rock, and flowing lava. When I first looked out at Earth's wasteland, she was already there.

"Hello," she said. Her figure was distinct. Among the blacks and violent crimsons of the nascent world, her skin was a gentle brown and she wore a strikingly yellow outfit of smooth fabric. My newborn eyes strained to look and see, for a moment, this creature of cleanliness. 

Then there was a movement, small and almost undetectable. A soft click and she was gone.
 
That was my first memory and that was the only time she was older than me.

She came again sometime in the Devonian Period. I was floating on the waves when she dropped out of the sky and splashed onto the water in front of me.

"Hello again. My name is Cherry." She immediately swam off, as if searching for something.

That time, Cherry stayed for a few months. But it was not enough to quench my insatiable curiosity about this unknown creature. I was incredibly desperate but my tongue only longed to form words that she uttered and Cherry did even not attempt to explain her appearances and disappearances. One day, in the hopes of communication, I sought her out. I did not find her until she visited again millions of years later. It was much the same experience, though. For however much I tried, our relationship consisted of a few glances toward each other and inquiring grunts from me. It came to a point that, with each visit,  my grunts developed to become more and more aggressive as my curiosity morphed into a burning frustration.

Then the humans came with their greed and intelligence. I finally understood what she was, what she did and what she was using. In her next visit-- during the first days of the Sumerians--  I recognized Cherry in her disguise and had a nice, long talk before continuing on my royal duties.

We were remarkably close after that first realization. I was the only one in the past who knew Cherry and she was of the few that knew me as the immortal Sem. We talked about experiences and kept in contact for the sake of keeping contact. Occasionally, I shared my knowledge of human nature to her and she understood to some extent. Sometimes, Cherry would sometimes ask for help and I would reliably provide it. 

She was one of the only constants in a world of changing colors. Every time we met, familiarity tugged at my hands, my eyes and my heart. Speaking to her was a brief respite from chaos and time.

Yet I do not regret the knife in my hand. Her pure yellow suit is stained now with ugly bloodred. My foot rises, lowers and crunches her machine

Cherry is breathing heavily and the blood is leaking out of her mouth. At the destruction of the time manipulator, Cherry chokes and a disgusting gurgling sound comes out.

"Why," she says amidst more gurgles, "Did you...?" She never finishes.

_____

My first story here! Still a very new writer, so I invite constructive criticism.
