"But what does it mean?" asked Winston, leaning in too closely toward Charlotte.

"What do you mean, what does it mean? It doesn't mean anything. It's gibberish."

"Well, it means *something*. It has to."

Charlotte sighed and shuffled the papers on her desk. They had been talking in circles about this for hours now and it was beginning to frustrate her. *The ducks are coming*. No matter how she parsed it, the phrase didn't make any sense.

She pushed herself away from her desk and past a befuddled Winston. The click of her heels along the corridor sounded to her ears like ominous quacks, booming quickly and dying out before the echo could take hold. Hadn't she heard that once, that a quack is the only sound that doesn't echo?

The cold air hit her hard as she walked out of the building. She passed by the Canada geese that congregated by the small lake. The lake had been built to lend some warmth of nature to the clinical campus, but today it seemed to suck the life out of the whole place. 

Charlotte stared at the ducks that dotted the water. They didn't look ominous. Their little bodies bobbed contentedly on the top of the water, occasionally inverting so that their tail feathers shot skyward before righting themselves with beaks full of lake grasses. 

Charlotte's phone buzzed in her pocket and she grimaced when she saw the text: "Why just ducks? Why not specify mallards or loons or grebes?"

Winston would not let it drop, Charlotte knew. She texted her reply: "Grebes and loons aren't ducks. Ducks are family Anatidae. They are more closely related to geese than loons." That would shut him up for a while, she thought, smiling.

"Anatidae," she said to herself. Winston had been right, of course. It did mean something. She ran through the options in her head, for the hundredth time that day.

A mite specific to ducks feathers carrying a new plague. 

An outbreak of histoplasmosis from their droppings.

A parasite in their meat.

Overpopulation destroying the ecosystem.

There were many ways ducks could bring about destruction when she really considered it. But there were no signs of anything amiss. Nothing at all was out of the ordinary.

A movement caught Charlotte's eye from the far side of the lake. An old woman fed a group of ducks bread from a bag. Without thinking, Charlotte found herself walking toward the woman.

"Hello!" she called out as she approached.

"Hiya," said the old woman, revealing a mostly toothless mouth. Her hands were buried inside a grocery bag and she made no move to wave as Charlotte came near.

"Are you out here every day feeding the ducks?"

"When my back allows it, yes ma'am."

"This is going to sound strange--but, have you noticed any difference in their behavior?"

The woman thought for a moment before shaking her head. "Same old ducks." She paused and reconsidered. "More talkative than normal maybe."

Charlotte laughed. "Lots of quacking?"

The woman shook her head. "No, more demanding than that."

Charlotte opened her mouth to reply when a voice cut in from her feet. "Listen, you broads going to flap your gums all day, or are you going to let go of that bread?"

Charlotte jumped back in shock and stared at the male wood duck. 

The old woman chuckled softly and raised a bloodied hand. "See what I mean? Demanding little buggers! And mean. These guys already took two fingers today."

 

