Didn't quite follow the prompt, I took a crazy vigilante approach.

His research was good. Not just good, good being the relative term for the time and hard work put into planning this. Still, time and hard work barely describe the manic, no insane work ethic of a true vigilante. Was it true what they said? The world could come undone with a single bullet like that of our American folklore? He would be the shot heard around the world, he would be one to live in infamy and gross masturbation of the press. The fate of 7 billion lay on such a delicate event: one bullet. He would be that bullet.

After nearly a year studying trigonometry, gaining his pilot's license, allocating his funds to purchase a plane and intricately mapping his route, he was ready. One bullet, fired from his aircraft, would descend into the madness that was north korea. They were a tool in his mind. A giant pot of energy waiting to be thrown into action. His .50 cal sat next to him rumbling with the twin engines of his plane. 

When he bought the plane the first thing he did was strip it of every unnecessary piece that weighs it down thus burning more fuel. His trip was transcontinental and across an ocean, there was no tolerance for anything that wasn't critical of completing the journey. He wouldnt be coming back, for it was nearly 7000 miles from his bunker located in baja, Mexico. He was fine with that. He thought of great Icarus flying into the sun and wondered if he also knew that he would not return.

A military parade displaying the power and terror that Kim Jun propagated was planned for that day; in a square that held thousands he set his crosshairs. From his physics book he learned thay his shot would not be heard until his plane was sighted on the horizon (he reveled in becoming legendary among snipers). After that, any thing could happen. He fully expected an onslaught of anti-aircraft missles from anytime when he approached the border up until he reached the square, it was down to chance to see.

1000 miles out his nerves began to get the best of him. Shaky, sweating he gripped the wheel of his heavily modded plane and in a tense shudder, began to smile. It was finally here, HIS time. He had removed radio from the cockpit and was confident in this choice. If he was fucked, he would rather know when the bullets began tearing through his airship and his body and when he saw the spiraling trail of smoke from the missles they so often loved to show off. GPS reads under 500 and all is quiet. "Maybe they welcome this?" 

As he approached the landmass and wilderness around he became cemented in the fact this was his path. Out of all the possible branches of reality waiting to be played out, this was his destiny. The sea underneath turned into trees and green things, "this is happening!"

He saw his target, Kim Il sung square peaking over the edge of the horizon. His tragectory was nearly perfect and he opened the cockpit window 200 miles above the ground. With his knowledge of the maths he estimated the distance to the square, adjusted the turrets on his large scope, and opened fire upon the festivities. Truly a horrifying persective in such a fragile climate.

After the fifth round from his rifle he could notice the dots of the crowd begin to part and he became confident that SOMETHING had happened. As he realized this, small pieces of metal floated to his eye level and he became aware of a sound that was both piercing and sudden. His cockpit was being ripped apart from heavy machine gun fire and he was experiencing a level of consciousness achieved when one reaches great levels of adrenalin. He was nearly unaware that the missles were approaching and closing in so quickly. He was unaware of the blood spilling out of his stomach from the twisted metal that flew past, punctured and lacerated him. He was only aware & focused one thing: his plane would be found, that this would be seen as an attack and his plane would be identified as originating the states. War was coming, and he burned bled and died before even touching the ground. 