The hatch took fifteen days to break through. We'd never seen a metal like it. Rigging drills designed to pierce bedrock blunted and broke before leaving anything more than a scratch. The explosives initially used were far too small to do anything more than leave a slight warping colour pattern, an iridescent rainbow, like diluted oil spillages in the sunlight. It was fire and persistence which opened the door, melting it away to nothing. It must have been less than an inch thick, looking at the hinges. There was a small container beneath it, a silver twisted chalice, the elegance of which I'd never seen. Sitting comfortably inside was a small crystal, softly glowing blue. Radiation teams were scrambled and we lost another day confirming the hatch was safe for us to descend.

I was first through the hatch. The hole was almost 1m by 1m, with metal rungs running all the way down at comfortable spacing. Clearly whatever structure we were descending into was human made. Russian made perhaps? We supposed even the Nazis could be a possibility. As the five of us stepped lower and lower, doing comms and equipment checks every 100m, chat dwindled to a powerful silence. We couldn't believe how far this thing went down. We must have been climbing down for over an hour by the time we touched the bottom. Most comms had long since stopped working. All we had was a long trailing rope to tug in case of emergency and our gas detectors, softly beeping to signal no flammable, combustible or toxic gases where down here with us. 

Even if we'd have had full video call though, we were rendered speechless by what we saw in the first chamber. It was perfectly round, with ice walls all around, no doors. There was a soft luminescence to the room that seemed to follow your eyes, wherever one person cast their eye, a light blue sheen illuminated whatever they were looking at, and for a moment we simply gazed around, fascinated. Above the walls were golden banners, covered with jaw dropping artwork showing mammoths, sabre tooth tigers and cave men on huge glacial sheets.

Our investigation of the room was interrupted by a loud noise, almost like whale song and we all leapt backwards as a void appeared within the ice wall, which melted away forming a geometrically perfect circular hole. Through this freshly formed hole, stepped several figures, one after the other, ten in all. They were dressed in flowing blue gowns which seemed to float in the air, fluttering softly, almost like a silk dress submerged underwater. Their skin was pure white, not merely Caucasian, these people were as white as snow, beyond albino. The one closest to me held a staff of the same twisting silver metal or ice that the chalice under the hatch had been made of, and inside the chalice was a much larger blue crystal, crackling with violent light inside. We hadn't expected weaponry, and for a moment my hand clutched at the rope, ready to tug as hard as I could.

Then the one holding the staff spoke. It was the most beautiful voice I had ever heard, almost musical. A mixture of bird call, whale song and human vocalists. It ended abruptly, and the crystal in the staff flared and almost erupted into colour, before speaking itself, glowing and softening with each syllable.

"Brothers and sisters!" said the staff.

The rope slipped from between my fingers. None of the breech team responded. None of us dare, or knew what to say if we did. I felt like a child, in the company of adults. The leader spoke again, short and harmonious, its voice rippling off the ice walls. Again, the staff in its hand crackled and snapped before speaking.

"You return! Did you find it?"

My throat felt tight, but I managed to speak.

"Hello," I said, slowly, considering my words carefully. I flinched as the staff popped and flickered, translating my own voice into a beautiful sing song, and it took me a moment to muster the courage to speak again. "This is our first time here. You may be remembering different people, but we come in peace and mean no harm."

I displayed my open hands as my words were translated into a melody so beautiful it brought tears to my eyes.

The white strangers twisted and glanced at one another, becoming ever so slightly more bright as their gaze fell upon each other. The one gripping the staff ran one white finger down the length, and the glow disappeared. All the strangers sang to one another and no translation was offered. I shared a very uneasy glance with my colleagues, my eyes darting to the ladder rungs. Finally, the staff was illuminated and its keeper spoke again.

"Perhaps you are different. We must confess," said the staff, crackling violently, "we thought you would not survive out there, in the cold."

I didn't know what to say. Each word I thought to say seemed wrong, like it would cause more confusion. I had so many questions, but each one felt dangerous to ask. Even though the staff was performing translations, an exploration team weren't up to the task of first contact. The strange beings seemed to sense it, and spoke again, their wonderous voices making me want to close my eyes and smile.

"Is it still the ice age?" the staff asked.

Cautiously, I answered. At least I could answer. 

"No," I replied, "the ice age ended over ten thousand years ago."

The beings all sang short confused notes, the staff translating each voice separately.

"Years?" it asked. "Years? Years? Ye-Years?"

The leader sang to me, and for a moment I felt as though I was being lifted off my feet.

"We do not understand this unit of measurement," said the staff, accompanied by the sound of snapping twigs, "years?"

Steadying myself, so I didn't fall over, I cautiously explained the a year was a rotation of the sun around the planet. This seemed to cause some alarm. An inharmonious din rising, almost squawking. The leader wrapped a hand around the crystal of the staff, and it translated nothing. Finally, he released it, tears in his eyes, and sang a mournful song.

"We warned you," said the staff. "The radiation on the surface was too strong. Our time-module would not operate out there. You would not be protected."

Another white figure dropped to her knees, a whistling noise emitting from between clenched teeth.

"Ten thousand orbits? But they have been gone only minutes. My sister! My sister!"

My entire team stepped backwards. The leader spoke, its beautiful voice breaking between perfectly formed notes.

"You were supposed to bring fuel."

The leader wailed, making my ears tremble.

"We were supposed to fly home."

r/RJHuntWrites