Brent stood there, trembling, on the edge of wetting his pants.  He was terrified and tired and so very, *very* stupid, he thought.  What had he been thinking?

He had never even *held* a gun before, but now he had it trained onto the three terrified men who sat before him in worn-out overalls and hardhats.  And the one calm man in a business suit, a badge clipped to his lapel that displayed some alphabet soup of an agency's name on it; not EPA and not FBI, so it was one Brent had never heard of.

"You're being unreasonable, Mr. Haywood," the man said in a voice calculated to relax.  It was like a fingernail scraped up the back of his spine.  "You can still get out of this with only a little jail time, and you can be back to your old life before you even realize it.  Maybe you can get a book deal out of this, and, five years from now, you'll laugh about it all with your friends."

The doctors had given Brent two months.  That was a month ago, and he could feel the cancer eating away at him, the same way it had eaten his mother in his last year of grad school.  She had died, withered and pitiful, and he had resolved not to go out the same as her.

"It's a gift," He said--begged--hoping that the men would understand.  "Just for a bit.  A few minutes.  Long enough for people to *know*."

"But everyone needs this power, Mr. Haywood," the man continued, pouring words out with a calm that wore away at the hard edges of Brent's fear.  He hadn't thought it would be this difficult when he started planning; it had never occurred to him, as he poured over hundreds of pages of documentation about how the Grand Coulee plant had replaced 98% of its staff with automated systems.  Even when he had snuck onto the property three hours ago, the terror had only just started to grow.

But now, everything was covered in a white haze of all-consuming dread, and the only anchor he had in all of that was that last image of his mother's shriveled, cancer-eaten husk while the hospital's machine screamed its flatline drone and a single sob tore itself from his father's throat as the long year of suffering was finally capped by the indignity of death.

"Press.  The.  Button."  The words came out of Brent like sobs of his own now, the gun shaky in his hand, but the distance close enough that a trigger pull would certainly end in a corpse.

Not that he *would* pull the trigger; he wasn't even sure the safety on the pistol was off.  He could never bring himself to kill a man right in front of him.  Brent maintained no illusions of his own willingness, even at this desperate moment.

His mother's love of the night sky had been what guided Brent to his chosen career, away from the lights that had distracted his peers.  Screens held little interest to him when compared to the vastness of the starscape that he had learned while camping in the ever-shrinking wilderness of America.

All he wanted was to share that wonder--to share his mother's passion--with the population of the Pacific Northwest.

One of the men reached out slowly, finger hovering.  They had stalled as long as they could while disabling the safety functions, until the man in the suit had shown up, heralded by the whirring blades of a helicopter and the police booming at him through bullhorns.  The man had approached, showing no fear of Brent's gun, and tried to talk him down.

But you can't talk down a dead man.

The hum of the generators slowed, leaving an aching silence in the white noise that Brent had stopped noticing, conspicuous now only in its absence.  The sluice gates began to shut on the great dam; it would take the better part of a quarter-hour to safely reopen them, even if they started immediately.  Not that it mattered.

The gun clattered to the floor, the three workers flinching away from it, but Brent was already sprinting, running, panting with an exhausted, near-sexual release as the tension flooded out of him.  He half-slammed into the plexiglass window that comprised the office's western wall, face smashed up against it as he strained his eyes skyward.

Even now, the lights in Grand Coulee and Electric City were blinking out, and soon the lights of Brewster and Ellensberg and Hood River would join them.  A sweeping wave of darkness as the grid struggled at the sudden drought of power, automated systems rerouting what little energy was still limping into the grid, prioritizing hospitals and police stations and the stations where emergency vehicles were left to charge.

America's modern, computer-controlled infrastructure would make sure that nothing too terrible happened when the clawing reach of darkness found Seattle and Portland, or when it made it as far east as Bozeman.

"Look up," Brent whispered, tears stinging his eyes as he did so himself.  He could feel the presence of the man in the suit coming up behind him.

And there, brilliant and glorious, was the luminous wonderland of the starry s-

Several stars winked out.

Several more.

Then dozens.  Hundreds.  Like a rolling blackout, a massive swath of the sky darkened, until the luminous tapestry of stars surrounded a square-sided patch of darkness that had to have dominated a tenth of the night overhead.

Brent tried to say something, to ask, to shout, to beg.  Nothing came as his knees weakened, making him slide towards the ground on trembling legs.  Outside, the police had ceased their constant, megaphone-magnified squawking.  Even they were transfixed by the sight of that illimitable blackness; ignorant as they were of what a true night should be, the *wrongness* of what loomed above was inescapable.

"Well," the agent said with only the slightest hint of resignation in his voice, "You've gone and done it now."