This wasn’t heaven, I figured that.

I must have overdosed or something… last thing I remember was a night of partying and debauchery… and now I guess I’m paying the price.

But wouldn’t hell have billions of condemned souls, howling and screaming in undying terror? This looks… empty. I’m all alone here.

Then I hear a faint harmonica. Sounds pretty good. I follow the melody deep into the darkest reaches of the chasm.

There, faintly lit by a circle of fire, sat a red-skinned beastlike creature. Was this the only demon – or whatever – here?

He looked up… and smiled. “Pleased to meet you. Just call me Lucifer.”

I was taken aback. “Hang on… THE Lucifer?”

“Yes. This is my domain. Unlike the others who found out how to escape, I can never cross over to the other side. Not that I’d want to, anyway.”

Then he went on for a few hours about what he went through with God, what were the best moments of life down here with his demon friends, the things he did on Earth when he managed to find his way there, some of his favorite condemned souls he got to know, and  the gradual desertion of hell when everyone eventually found out they could very well escape, no penalty. He’s been all by himself, more or less, the past fifty years or so. I actually felt sorry for the poor fellow.

“Look, if you want some company, I can hang about for a bit. Hell, I could come back.”

“That’s fine and all… how about we jam together?”

“Cool… how about you start off and I’ll do some blues.”

Lucifer then let into a fierce harmonica solo – more intense than what I previously heard – and that’s when I came to.

The hotel room was a mess. The other guys were sprawled out on the bed and on the floor. A couple of naked ladies were still here, passed out as well. I had a splitting headache. 

But now I had a great idea for a song. I grabbed a beer-stained notepad. I found a pen under the bed next to some empty whiskey bottles.

And I started writing everything I could remember Lucifer saying in my dream. I just hope Keith can give me a good enough riff for it later on.
