It was sunday afternoon, we’re sitting in a garden in the front of our house, chilling under the sun. Mom and Dad went to the mall for shopping. It was so calm and peaceful. Until, suddenly she wakes up and told me “Hey!”, “Are you asleep?”. I was dozing and didn’t replied instantly. Then she got furious and told me “Why are acting like you’re asleep?” I knew that ignoring her more will result in a severe injuries. So, I replied “What?”. She said “I’m getting bored, it’s so lonely and mundane out here” let’s go somewhere. I was trying to show her that I was unconcerned about her complaints, but then I realized that she was actually right. We’ve never gone out in a long time. Life had become pretty dull for us. So, I said “Okay, where do you wanna go?”
She said “I wanna go to a place where it’s empty, thrilling and exciting.” I got annoyed and said “Are you talking about jurassic park?” “No! Garbage Head!” she said. I’m talking about the “zoo”. I said “Well! Why do you assume that the zoo will be uncrowded?”. She said “It’s sunday and we’re living in a city where people take their children to malls and PVRs for the weekend. Nobody in their wildest dream will ever think of going to a zoo. C’mon it’ll be fun just like the old times.”  I thought for a while about what she said, but after some time I somehow agreed. I said “Let’s go to the zoo!” in an exciting voice. She got very confused and happy with my tone of voice and asked “Are you serious or that was sarcasm” I said “I’m serious, let’s go”. As soon as we went to the zoo we saw a giant big gate with looked pretty similar to the Kabuli Gate of Delhi. It’s windows are also constructed with the similar red and grey stones. As we entered, I was taken aback there was literally no one at the zoo. Nikita got pretty happy that she was right. Nobody goes to the zoo on the sunday afternoon. We started to explore the green trees and new things at the zoo. We saw of lot birds, we made a lot of jokes. Then swiftly she took my hand and said “Thank you for coming, It’s the best of my life”. For the first time, I realized that there is also a feeling of exhilaration in spreading and sharing happiness. We started roaming around. As the time went, I felt a little hungry. So, I told her to wait beside the banyan tree, so I can get snacks for both of us. She said “okay!. But…..?” I couldn’t hear her as I started jogging through the shop in excitement. I purchased some snack and came back. But as I came I realized that she was not there anymore. I got anxious and scared. In panic I started shouting her name in anger “NIKITA!!!” “NIKITA!!!” where are you? Terrorized by the thought she lost in the zoo. I heard a whisper “The zoo had her” said the guy behind me. In a surprise I asked “Who are you?” and “how do you know that she lost?” Again he said in a calm and soothing voice“People come in the zoo with for a reason but today some will leave with a realization” he left saying this words. And I stood dumbstruck without a thought, completely blank thinking about what he just said. As she assumed the zoo was empty with non-human species around me. I started searching for her, crying shouting her name in anger and frustration. I felt I’ve lost my little sister forever. And I will be never be able to meet her again. But I’ve put myself together and decide to look for her in the entire zoo. I thought she should’ve watching the animals. So I thought searching for her by the cages and fences of the zoo animals.The first cage was of a animal with stripes over his orange and black color body. He looked very angry. Being completely out of sense I asked him “Have you seen my sister?” Being a symbol of power he stared right back at me and said “Once you’ll make up your mind don’t change it easily” completely flabbergasted and questioned by what he said I started moving ahead. Then I’ve stumbled upon an animal with the sharpest teeths you could ever imagine, his legs were short and mouth was long and wide. Again without sanity I asked “Have you seen my sister?” “Her name is, Nikita”. He stayed quiet for a moment and said “I’ve never asked anyone to help me killing my prey. Why are you asking me. No one helps me when I want them to, I don’t know maybe some animal would’ve killed and ate her. Forget about it and go home else you’ll get killed also”. Again saddened by his words I decided to move. As I roamed through the whole zoo most animals said much similar things like “leave the zoo, you’ll never find your sister”. I was distressed and completely disheartened by fact that she was lost by my mistake.I’ve lost my hope. I was agonizing and agitating and blaming myself for the blunder.And then out of the blue without notice my ears went numb by the mighty and strong roar of him. His presence was an unmistakable sign of nobility.His powerful, good-looking and courageous presence has generated a vibration inside my body. As a I stand in front of him frightened by his presence. But he has something unique about himself I felt an instant revelation as my mouth uttered “Have you seen my sister!?” as tears started rolling over my cheeks. I kneel down before him as a sign of surrender and giving up. He said in his loud and hefty voice “You didn’t come here deliberately your sister made you come? Am I right?” As some question starts generating in my brain but I’ve decided to ignore it and said “Yes! But can you please find my sister?” He said “Do you know there a lot of animals who are faster, stronger and better hunters than me, but still they consider me as their king of the jungle and no one dares to question it. Do you know the reason?” I said “No, please tell me” he said “Because I can turn my odds into opportunities. I know when to attack and when to defend. I know how to maintain an order between animals. I show no cowardice while fighting battles and I fight and leave every battle with my head held high. I take no help, I hunt my prey under non’s protection. I’m always on my own and you should be, that’s how you win and rule the world”. A bit motivated by his words I decide to leave the zoo and move along with my life. I thought my sister was supposed to be lost here. I cannot change anyone’s fate, but my love for her made me sad and I decide to sit under that same banyan tree for some time. Soon,i fall asleep under the tree. But suddenly awakened as I hear my sister’s voice murmuring ‘wake up’ ‘Wake up’ ‘WAKE UP!’ Pranav!!!! “How the FUCK! Can a person sleeps for 12 hours straight, you’re such a lazy pig” she said. Mom and dad are home. Dinner is ready c'mon get up. As I stood up thinking I should stop doing drugs from now on….