"Ok one more for the day then I'm done." I closed my eyes and placed my fingers against the table top ,drumming my nails against the wood. I opened my eyes to a beautiful oak door ,with an exceptionally sized lions head knocker staring back at me. 
I stepped back to assess the situation, usually when I port I'm in close proximity to the person that has unknowingly summoned me . 

"Huh. Weird " I muttered to myself as I took in the magnificent mansion that stood before me , the birds chirping and sun kissing my face made me feel even more on edge , everything seemed fine at a glance out here so god knows what waits for me behind this door.
As I reached out and grabbed the lions head , I hesitated. I noticed an intercom button but twisted the shiny brass handle below it instead.
The heavy door creaked as I pushed it open with a bit too much effort I might add . 
I poked my head round the door expecting to see someone slumped behind it .

 "Hello , I'm here to help. I mean no harm so please don't shoot me if you're armed, I'm not a cop either so seriously don't shoot." 
 I happened by an asphyxiating drug dealer once , flailing a Desert Eagle wildly pointing it at me and then his throat . Fun day. Nice guy. Free weed for life.

I looked down to see shopping bags against the door , the stuff looked fresh , no dead guy so I shoved the door further and stepped over them with more urgency in my pace as Derpo Escobarf choking popped into my mind .
 I hurried through the lobby taking note of the many portraits of a beautiful young woman , smiling, in a bikini or on a yacht , no children or partner by the looks of it . 

I continued on to a huge glass wall looking into an open plan kitchen that was bigger than half my house .
 A slender and very elegantly dressed woman stood with her back towards me , apparently chopping and skewering something as far as I could tell . 

"I hope those aren't people kebabs" I joked to myself as I banged on the glass trying to get her attention . Nothing .
 I banged harder and she turned her head to the side , I kept knocking as she walked off in the direction she was looking , my presence unacknowledged.

"Rude" I stared at her pressing my face against the glass . "Are you coming to let me in orrrr?" I trailed off ,impatience and uncertainty creeped up on me as I watched her disappear behind a door .

I kept my face where it was and tried to get a closer look at those kebabs.
"Not getting murdered by miss daisy today no sir" 
 She didn't seem distressed so I must be missing something here .
I slapped my forehead as I noticed a hearing aid on the island the size of England in the middle of the kitchen.

"Ok she's deaf , I'm dumb. And she's disappeared . Great."

I walked along side the glass wall turning right to see another huge glass wall facing into an extravagant living room complete with grand piano and fur rugs .
"Jesus this place is fancy" I said as I scanned to area for the lady or anyone else .
A faint whimpering came from a door straight ahead of me , heart pounding I approached the door an pressed my ear to it.
 "Oh god what am I supposed to do?I want to die just kill me now lord please !"
And then just mutterings of curse words and something about explosives. It was a mans voice and he sounded desperate . 

I bit my lip and twisted the handle . 
"No no no no n....Who the hell are you ?!" 
The man , waiving his arms around froze as our eyes locked , Sweat beading on his forehead as the stench hit me straight in the face . 

I looked down and turned on my heel making a beeline for the front door .
 I got to it and stopped ,bent down and grabbed a few items from the bags and ran back to the man , stealth rolling past the glass window where the woman had returned to her chopping board .

I cracked the door slightly , and tossed the toilet roll , glade , and plunger in his direction . 
"I got you bro. Good luck with your date, she's a hottie " 

Edit: my first submission so sorry for the amateur vibes you're getting there buddy