Never before had I considered the thought that everything I knew about Death was wrong.  The images of old, a skeletal monster clad in a black robe wielding a scythe to reap the souls of the departed, couldn't have been less accurate.  No, death was not some monster to be feared.  She was, if nothing else, beautiful.  She was no monster, reveling in taking the loved ones from us.  She was a goddess, whose unfortunate call was to aid those in passing over.  Death is merely the next step in existence, and The Mournful Lady is its matron.

The world surrounding us was still and silent, as if existence itself had frozen for a while.  I sat with Her, pondering and discussing the necessity of Death.  When the king cannot pass on his title, cannot pass on his line, it falls to the princes, the knights, the Lords and Ladies to fight to...well, Death herself, never knowing that she never wanted this.  She let a tear fall, a black rose blooming where it landed.  She picked it from the ground, the thorn pricking Her finger.  A small droplet of blood formed on her fingertip.  She smiled at me as I asked her if she was hurt.  She smiled, but there was a sadness in her that crept through her voice and shone in her eyes.  She assured me that of all the immortal gods and goddesses only she was truly eternal.

I asked her why me? Why am I the only one she has chosen over the generations?  Again, the slight smile kissed her face and her lips, sadness just below the surface.  She reached out her finger to my forehead, the deep red blood burning slightly and drawing a wince from me.  Her voice echoed inside me, my body, mind, and soul.  

Because you are the only one to have rejected me.  You wanted no part of this contest.  You see no need for the relentless slaughter just for the sake of gaining power.  You rejected me when I appeared before you, rather than reveling that you would wield the power of life and death itself.  You sought to understand me, not to use me as a tool for conquest.  That is the reason you are the only one worthy to be my mortal champion.  In seventeen generations, you are the one mortal who sees the necessity of Death without welcoming it.  I know that with every soul you take on the field of battle today, your heart will grow heavier, and more sorrowful. But I know that when the contest is over and you alone remain, you will not only honor, but mourn those who fall at our hand.  

I stood up, the feeling of power coursing through my blood, and deeper still.  I take The Mournful Lady's hand in mine, placing my lips to her forehead.  My Lady, you who shepherds the fallen, I understand, and I will honor your will.  

The world catches up to me, or I to it, and everything resumes around me.  I stand, cutting short the words from the priest as I turn and face the assemblage.  The priests and the onlookers gasp at my gaze, the blue-white glow coming from inside my eyes cause visible chills in my opponents.  I take up my blade and calmly walk down the aisle of the temple.

My words echo throughout the hallowed halls.  Come, let this begin so that it may end.