Death looked around, watching countless little pricks of lights flicker. The flickering started faint at first, just a hint of a wink. Then without the slightest sound the occasional blink became a flash, the occasional flash became a shimmer. Then a crescendo of winking broke out across the horizon and as the crescendo grew a sea of darkness rushed into being where a vast rainbow of light had once been. 

Suddenly a wave of heat washed over death like a thick, heavy blanket. In the newfound darkness with a heat that staunched all emotion from Death's face, he looked down. In his hands there was a candle of pure white topped with a flame of the deepest indigo to the lightest of blues. Since the lights began to fade it had doubled in size. 

As the heat began to subside, a trickle like that of ice water flowed down the back of Death's neck. The cold washed over Death and pierced him to his very core. He was almost home. 

Then a sound filled his head. Soft at first, gentle, like the babble of a brook. As the sound grew closer the babble seemed to harden and gain shape. As it did so it became a choir. It simply hummed melodiously. It was eerie, Death felt chills run up his spine.

As he turned, he saw a woman radiating light of purest white, her eyes the blue of vast oceans and her lips the palest pink. She was dressed in a gown made of white starlight and smooth silk. The smile that once adorned her face had faded now, the spark in her eyes all but gone. 

At the sight of her, the emptiness inside of Death turned over, a feeling he hadn't experienced since his creation. He hated her to his very core, and yet he loved her with every fiber of his being. If she was here then it could mean only one thing... it was time.

She was almost upon him now, a look of weariness written on her face. She stumbled her last few steps, but he reached out and caught her. She looked up into his face and a faint hint of a smile whisped across hers. She stepped up with what little strength she had and held aloft a candle that burned with a tiny flame from deepest burgundy to brightest orange. As she held it out to him he dipped his candle towards it scooping up her flame.

The two flames circled each other moving faster and faster. As they spun they became one flame that burned a royal purple. It swelled and then with a whoosh it went out. A trail of smoke wound its way up to Death's nose. He breathed deeply and tilted his head back. He held Life close to him and closed his eyes. He relaxed and exhaled, releasing himself into nothingness.