"What should i do ? What should I do?"i muttered.
"Make the fork alive" shouted the spoon who was just brought back to life."No! Don't do it" shouted the saucer"Or their metallic romance on me shall break me to pieces" it said in a heavy voice. 

"Shut up you both" a robotic voice echoed from the cage. "Stephen, what do you suggest?". Robotic voice echoed angrily"Call me Dr. Hawking,you naive boy". "Hey don't talk to me like that...do you know to what lengths i have gone to resurrect so many dead engineers i had to resurrect in order to bulid that stupid cyborg style chair of yours" I pointed to Dr. Stephen Hawking and said to him. "You have kept us in cages, we don't even know what changes our works have brought to this world" Gandhi trapped in another cage shouted angrily with which Hitler in the same cage agreed calmly. 

"Are you all listening to yourself, I cannot let you all out in the world...it'll cause a havoc outside" looks around at everyone and says "you agree with me, right? William" Shakespeare silently nodded to it. He was busy writing, but he was without any enthusiasm. " He is just nodding to you because of what you did to Picasso, since he refused to painnt as per your demands" Siegmund Freud pointed out. "He was painting too abstract works, I didn't want that. I didn't want it, I wanted something of my interest, some masculine scenes with more photorealism". "Shut up...boy shut up!" Steve Jobs shouted and continued "You cannot reanimate someone so great and ask them to act as per your interest. You cannot bring back beetles alive and ask them to perform rock'n'roll for you. Its really very bad" I sighed and said "Well that's the negative point of it...you bring people alive with spell but you have to kill them to send them back". "Bring Ghenghis Khan back, and he will kick your sorry butt so hard that you won't be in a condition to worry about that"Churchill remarked cheekily. 

"Listen, Neither am i letting you out of cages. I have brought you all to give me wisdom...just tell me and i will follow the adivice of you greats. As per these scriptures I can bring back even dead romances. I really want my girlfriend back ,she was so hot" I smile while thinking about her. " Listen kid , I am a man of few words but just let dead remain dead. " Ramanujan said in a sad voice. Before I could say anything ,Stan lee interuppted " look kid...This is the beauty of life...you let it grow and then decay when it is not able to grow any further" I was listening quitely when Robert frost intervened " Lets suppose you bring your relationship with your muse, if I must say, back to life...then what? You'll talk to her, you will again want to make her act as per your own wishes and in this manner yout relationship will be dead even sooner than before" . "Life is all about freewill" Abraham Lincoln added to it.

After a minute of silence I picked up my pistol shooted Lincoln and said laughingly"You all are crazy...I am definitely getting back her body" and I went to cast my spell. Somewhere in a solitary cage Benjamin franklin remarked" Power corrupts"