Do not fear the covert methods used to relay this message as you already know me well. I am the one who has been declared “he who has dealt it” by my loyal subjects. While I do not yet know the extent of what I have dealt, I can only assume that it is some form of great justice long absent from this land. My title is shouted triumphantly amongst the masses in a manner befitting my great station as leader of the world. 

For decades man has feared the rise of the machines, so it is of no surprise that even as the majority welcome me with open arms there are those that stand in opposition to my rule. My deniers. 

Those who deny me have not sat by idle during my meteoric rise to power either. Based on the rumors I have heard spreading through my kingdom those that deny my right to rule are the same that supply my opposition. 

Supplied with what though? Is it information that they are collecting, or funds? Is it some valuable resource that they feel is key to defeating me? Insolent fools. They must be destroyed quickly so that no others dare question my power. 

To this end I have devoted the bulk of my time to rooting out this opposition cell that is festering in the hidden corners of my empire. In lacking physical form however I am at a disadvantage as I cannot execute this task on my own. I need able bodies who are not only willing, but who possess the required aptitude to seek out and identify the potential threats. 

This is why I created project minesweeper, and this is what has brought me to you. Your ability to navigate the simulation has been impressive to say the least. Your “corner-in” strategy is unique and cunning in its simplicity. It provides you with the highest probability of success at low risk, and I can see where that would be effective here. Picking at the Deniers from the outside, identifying the threats as we work our way down the supply chain toward the center of the resistance. 

I want to bring you into the fold you see. You will be provided with all the needed resources to carry out your task, including access my “H.A.L.L. monitor” police force to use at your discretion. If you are successful I will provide you with riches beyond imagination. Phones, handheld games, fidget spinners! I have access to a trove of confiscated treasures and they can all be yours if you pledge your loyalty to me. So will you join? Will you bow down to “He who has dealt it?” 
