He had been a king, a warrior, a slave and everything else until he became the devil.

Who would have thought a thousand years of solitude would turn him into a god.

Early on it had been easy to escape the tribes, the families he became part of. They were all so spread out and survival took up too much of their life for him to become anything more than a story told around the night’s fire.

At times he escaped because they loved him and and relied on him and he would slink away like a father who couldn’t face his decisions. Other times he was chased away by spear and arrow and fire and fists. Over the millennia spent in every condition his regeneration allowed him to appear dark or light. Large or small. Though that was a long, painful process he never undertook lightly. Being sliced and chopped into was excruciating. But founding a cult willing to do it and having the stomach for it once the task was at hand took luck and a lot of time, which his followers were in short supply of.

He’d been called by many names after names were invented. Beelzebub, Wendigo, Hanuman, King Arthur, Achilles, Gilgamesh, Ifrit, Mara and Lao Tzu were some.

Throughout his long life he was still bewildered at times by the great lengths he went to because of love and the horrific things he’d done during lack of it.

His last memory as a free man was trekking across the African desert. He didn’t know where he had been going and that hadn’t been a problem before but too many people knew of him now. Even if the stories were all a little different. Too many people had horses and camels and the written word. He got caught by the misfortune that a fortunate past caused in him hubris. Though he had been a slave, it had been as a common slave. Though he had been hunted, it was as an adulterer, as a thief, as a warrior. Though he had felt the pain of a million wounds, they were personal or natural. Now he was hunted as a devil. Every society he touched had it’s sights set on him in a collective rage and terror.

When they captured him they meant to do away with him as permanently as a fearful mind could conceive. And it worked well. They caused him to feel fear for the first time in eons. And to be honest for him it was thrilling to feel that emotion again. And then came madness. And then acceptance. And then ascendence. A thousand years of forced meditation. He didn’t expect godhood would be the reward.

It wasn’t at all like he expected. There was no surge of strength that would break the concrete from his flesh. Lightning and fire wasn’t at his beck and call. Yet he felt a power coursing through him and just out of his reach simultaneously that beckoned him. A connection with everything around him that was tentative yet growing stronger.

After a thousand years the concrete eroded from his flesh and soft sunlight and warmth lit up his flesh. His eyes opened to water breaking on the shore of an ocean at dawn. The sound of the water lapping on the beach muffled by the concrete dust plugging his ears.

He sat and stared across the water. Knowing without knowing how, that there were others like him out there. They had incubated just as he had. And the reason why was about to be made apparent.