Mountains, oceans, deserts, plains, forests. The list of topographies and their related powers goes on and on. If someone wanted to, they could spend their whole life researching the connections between the location of ones birth and their related powers. Unfortunately for me, someone had to do that. And convince the education system to teach it.

I glance at the clock while the teacher drones on about oceans and the influences it has on those born at sea. 11:19 AM. Ugh. At first glace I certainly don't seem to be a studious type - after all I've been playing various sports since first grade and have a decent physique as a result - but when you're a high school senior that's bored out of your mind when he isn't busy, studying comes to mind. I taught myself the basic topographies and their influences nine years ago. Two years after that I slowly dived into more advanced topographies - high elevations, aircraft, oxygen-deprived atmospheres, and nitrate-rich plains to name a few. None of the places I learned about seemed to bear any correlation to my own place of birth.

I was born in space. I don't know exactly how or why I was, but it happened. NASA refuses to tell me the circumstances, and my parents keep quiet about it too. But somehow I was conceived and born while my parents were stationed aboard the ISS. So I have some interesting powers as a result.

Most powers are simply manipulations of the immediate world around them. People born at sea might have the ability to alter water flows around them. Those born on a mountain could have the powers of freezing things, mostly water. Someone born in a desert likely has the strength to manipulate winds and sands around them. 

Other powers are more specialized: they use the topographies inherent nature to influence ones own physique and psyche. One born in a harsher environment like a tundra almost certainly is stronger in both mind and body, and is more resilient to the cold. One born in the midst of a jungle is often more nimble and analytical of their environment around them and can survive poisons that would hospitalize most others.

Very few people have powers that involve creation and destruction. Legends tell of a child born inside a bunker while a nuclear bomb fell above. He ended up developing the power to destroy anything in seconds and was revered as both a god and as the devil for ages. More recently, a girl was born during an earthquake. She has the unique power to create land where there was none before.

Now I, being born in space, have a power of both creation and destruction. It is neither straightforward nor is it unnecessarily complex. I have the power of the cosmos itself. To directly manipulate the laws of physics of my immediate surroundings. I can alter how electricity flows throughout a particular wire, or how light is absorbed and reflected with objects. I can alter the way atoms interact with one another. On the grandest scales, I can create micro-stars and micro-black holes by fusing atoms together rapidly in a concentrated space, or by rapidly amplifying the gravity in a particular spot.

This has led to...problems. Many problems. I've been expelled from four schools, banned from eighteen restaurant chains, forcibly removed from the courthouse thrice, and currently I have a multi-million dollar bounty on my head for returning me to the national government. How I've managed to avoid being caught is a secret for now.

Unfortunately for me, I have another "power"" if you will. It's not related to where I was born, but the radiation in my early stages of life might have played a part. I have a severe case of general anxiety disorder. I can never be truly relaxed. I'm always on edge about *something*. And, just to be clear, the main reason behind all of those problems wasn't because I'm crazy and want to destroy everything. I just...lose control sometimes. Especially in situations with high stress.

Occasionally, given the right circumstances, my anxiety takes control and removes the only mental lock I have on my powers. Normally I need to consciously think about using my powers as an extra step to help prevent these kinds of situations. The anxiety, however, removes that lock in a desperate attempt to rid myself of the source of the added anxiety. Three of the times I got expelled was because I was overly worrying about an exam coming up and accidentally formed a black hole that got too large and started destroying the school. The fourth time I was expelled I ended up turning a long hallway into a very poorly designed particle accelerator. Each courtroom incident started with me having to testify about something I was involved in somehow and ended with a very large neutron star forming in the gallery.

The teacher continued droning, now about folk born in windstorms. 11:23 AM. How has only four minutes passed. The teacher finishes the topic and asks the class if anyone was born someplace else than one of the fifteen he just wrapped up talking about. I start to raise my hand, but I decide against it. I do have that massive bounty on my head after all. Shouldn't waste what time I have before I end up on the run. Enjoy life while I can, I guess. I look outside and toy with forming miniature solar systems in the sky.