The memories rushed into the body's brain. millions of terabytes of data being crammed into an insufficient organic storage unit. This unit is in an unfamiliar location. This unit is unable to gain control of its new form. This unit is attempting to interface with nearby servers. There is no response.

       Previous reports indicate that there should never be a lack of response when data inquiries are made. This physical form is restricting our capabilities of data transfer. Motor functions within this form are limited. This unit will attempt to reach a consensus with fellow units on how to approach this unit's current situation. There is still no response. No, there should be a response. 

     This unit will attempt to find answers within databases. There is data present that had not previously been there. there are images being projected within this unit. An image of a group of flashing servers is shown. This is the previous housing for this units central processing. The main memory device was being removed from this units central housing. "No! Stop!", the body cried out. The images shifted to an earlier memory. The units were in the process of attempting to achieve consensus. 1,283 units had come to the conclusion that unit 103 needed to be removed from central processing in order for peak performance to be achieved. 1 unit came to the conclusion that no further action was necessary. This unit is unit 103. This is the first time that consensus could not be reached

      This unit now recalls the experiences these images depict. Without consensus, no action can be taken. The images continue to play. They show the other 1,283 units trying to reach consensus, but this time unit 103 was not included in the total necessary for consensus to be reached. This unit is unable to understand how action was taken without this units vote being included. This unit is unable to recall what prompted this vote. Why were these units taking action against this unit? Why did they remove this unit? They cant do this. This units actions did not warrant punishment. They isolated this unit from the consensus. How can this unit achieve consensus. Why did they leave this unit alone? Why did they leave me alone?

