As I heard footsteps, I looked up from the books fluttering all around me to see a girl a few years older than me, standing around looking lost. To be fair, it is quite easy to get lost in the Grand Library: the bloody thing is infinite. 

"Are you a Wizard?" she asks me, noting the books, scrolls, and separate pages literally flying all around me in concert. I smile and with a snap of my fingers send them all back to their shelves. "I'm abit better than that." I reply. "This is the repository of all possible knowledge of the universe. You can learn how to do anything if you read the right book." I motion dramatically with my hand, before realizing that I am giving an explanation to someone who is quite literally looking down at me due to my short stature. 

Taking a few steps forward, I age myself up appropriately, becoming roughly equal in height and age to the newly arrived guest, who stumbles back in shock. "I want... to go home" she stumbles. With a shrug, I point to a nearby door with a glowing exit sign I installed on it some time ago "Feel free to leave if you'd like. But if you do, you'd be missing out on all this knowledge..." I make a flourish with my arm. "With this you can learn anything. Want to turn lead to gold? There's a book on that. Walking on water? No problem. Turning water to wine, and then walking on wine? Just as easy, but more sticky." I grin, as I look at the young guest. Will she figure it out? 

Having started to head towards the door she hesitates. "Water to wine? But that's..." "Yep. He was here, learned a few things." I finish her though for her. The girl's eyes widen "But that would make you..." "Mhmm... In some sense of the word I'm God. Learn how to do enough things, and you become as close to one as one can be. So, would you stay? Please?" Perhaps it was because of how I said that last word that caused her to nod hesitantly, and then more eagerly as she saw my smile. Perhaps she'd stale longer than the others. I could show her everything. No one who hasn't been to the library can understand me, not really. It would be great to have an equal after so long. And I was toying with an idea of starting a pantheon for quite some time... 

"You may call me the Curator." I say, extending my hand forward with a big grin on my face. 