(Foreword: I felt like writing something in the style of an Iain M Banks novel - it sounds like the batshit crazy sort of thing he'd think up.)

--- 

The Culture vessel *You didn't see that one coming* hung in orbit around the planet and watched. It was en route to its parent GCV a few kilolights out, but it had stopped to marvel at one of the more curious sights it had encountered in this part of the galaxy.

It appeared the planet had fallen prey to some great mechanics experiment. Through some coincidental orbital dynamics and resonances, the world wasn't quite tidally locked, with a rotation period of nearly 1000 standard years. Although it lay firmly within the habitable zone of the system, most of the surface was either baked desert or frozen waste. Patches of fertile land lay near the equator, one on each of the eastern and western limbs. Here, with liquid water and nutrient-rich dust blowing in from the day-side, it was possible to survive, for a time.

If there was a God, the ship mused, it must have pulled all the evolutionary stops out for this place. Although life on land was limited to a few hardy scrubs, lichens and fungi, capable of extended periods of dormancy until the temperate season returned, life in the oceans was another matter. There were several great seas that ringed the planet and within these, marine life flourished in an endless migratory cycle. Far beneath the waves, the light dwindled to nothing and the water was warmed from thermal vents jutting out of the crust. Life was scant in the abyss, but it cared little for the seasons.

Somehow there were also humanoid settlers. On each side of the planet there were nomadic communities who farmed what little land they could encourage to be arable, fished the lakes and oceans as they became accessible, and continued their weary forced march into the eternal sunrise or sunset. Contact being Contact, the ship duly displaced a small surveillance drone onto the surface. From there it would learn what it could, contribute to the Culture archives and continue on its way.

----

Two men stood on a bluff, squinting into the bright expanse of sand before them. Their sun sat low in the reddish sky, as it always did.

"What do you mean it's not on the Map?"

One man looked at the frail vellum in his hands and frowned.

The People lived their life by the Maps. The Maps foretold what was to come, the comings and goings of great lakes and rivers, the presence of mineral deposits which could be mined for tools and suitable farming terrain. Maps meant survival. In the People's world, there were no seasons and no days, there was only the slowly changing landscape and the dawn sky, just out of reach.

Every now and again, the People would find a cache, left behind by their predecessors. Each cache contained some trinkets, tools and a numbered Map. Nobody remembered how many Maps there were, only how many had come and that it was generations since the first cache had been recovered. It was as good a calendar as any. Each Map foretold the location of a subsequent cache; these were often buried, out of environmental necessity. The caches were spaced several tens of kilometres apart, well beyond safe scouting distance.

Scouting beyond the World was difficult. The baking heat of the waste in one direction would sap a man's strength in hours. In good times there might be running water, a cave or two. In bad times, there would be dunes as far as they eye could see. Venturing into the dark was a grimmer prospect, a freezing trudge into the endless night knowing that as you advanced, the People continue onwards in the opposite direction. The borders between the World and the Beyond were sharp enough that people rarely travelled out of sight of the encampment. What was the point in exploring, the People said, when the world came to you anyway?

"It's not on the Map." the other replied. "Look at it!"

The man studied the carefully inked lines and furrowed his brow further. The People were currently nestled in a long valley which opened onto a wide plain. The contours of the Map closely reflected the surrounding terrain, although there were subtle changes; a landslide here, a new rivulet there. They stood near the edge of their little green World, looking into the sunrise. In the distance, just peeking over the horizon was what looked like a hill. It was indeed *not* on the Map.

"So it isn't. When was it discovered?"

"Several sands ago, a farmer spotted it through his eyeglass."

"How far do you think it is?"

"Mmm, a few thousand paces at least, but we've only just come into visible range. It's still in the light though, not a trip for the faint hearted."

The man sighed, and looked at the unexpected lump with interest. "Well, it'll have to come to us sooner or later."

It was already uncomfortably warm on this edge of the world, even with the sun so low in the sky. They stood surrounded by irrigation channels and fledgling crops. This was the vanguard of the People's agriculture, simultaneously feeding the population and temporarily reversing desertification. Beyond them, lay only dust and a few stubby trees.

The Maps had, so far, been almost eerily accurate. They detailed ridge lines, cave systems and even abandoned structures left behind by nomads millenia past. Something as large as this should surely have been marked. But who could tell? It was over ten generations since the last People walked the land here. A lot can happen in a thousand years.

---