I start to notice the shadow loom over me as I’m about 4 beers in at the local dive. While I want to shrug it off, because I know what’s coming, it fades just as quickly as it entered and all of a sudden I’m sitting next to a lean, sharp dressed man. He doesn’t have a tie on to match his suit, but he orders another round for the both of us. 

“So... what brought you here?”

He’s got the kinda drawl that exudes experience — he actually cares what I have to say. It’s the only reason a person like him asks.

“ Well..”

I cut short as his eyes meet mine — and that’s a feeling that’s hard to describe. His eyes don’t have a “color” to them. I mean, sure, let’s say “blue”. But I mean they have a weight and emotional they just... well, it draws the life and truth outta me. What comes next is what I’ve never been able to tell anyone I’ve encounters in my *life*; but it comes out in front of him.

“ I’m just... tired. Sore. Lost. You ever fight so hard for something, only to realize how little it matters? Or how little the impact actually is?”

He takes his first swig — finally — but it’s more of a slow draw, steep in rumination.

“Yeah.. I’ve been there a time or two myself.”

He affords a soft smile, and a nod that both shares my sentiment, and tells me to continue with my story.

“It’s... it’s just that I’ve spent so long living. So long *giving*, and never getting back. So long helping, then never having anyone to turn to for help. So long... **damn**, so log wanting to feel loved, and then loving others, and then never feeling that myself. It’s all just draining. And thanks for the drink.”

I tip my glass to him, and he tips his to me. 

“I already said... I’ve been there a time or two myself. It never gets easier... heck, I suppose it’s not supposed to. But isn’t that what sacrifice is? You read to me as the kinda guy who never sought recognition... but that I’m your human capacity, couldn’t help but long for affirmation.”

There’s a kinda silence that besets the room and my surroundings now; I don’t know how to respond. So I proceed anyways, if only to fill empty air. 

“I mean... but what’s the point? You ever wonder — or maybe you know — what it’s all worth?”

He takes a longer draw from his glass, and... and smiles. He’s *smiling*. This isn’t the first time he’s had this conversation. *God* — would it be the last?

“Have you ever planted a tree, you knew you would never get to see? Have you ever sailed and ocean, that doesn’t have a name? Have you ever held a child, who will never know they’re parents? In the scheme of things, the world doesn’t turn because of the ‘masters of men’ and ‘powers’ that be. It turns, and works somewhat flourishes, because of the men and women who would set aside themselves to better others. To see others grow and flourish. They would die to themselves... so that others might live. I know you, John, and I have known others like you. You are not singular in your mission and gifts... but that makes you no less critical.”

“So then... how do I proceed? I’ve lost — everything. Family, friends, fortune... EVERYTHING... trying to do *this*. Trying to be... *better*.”

He finally polished off his beer, signaling to the bartender to close his tab. His time has come. Had mine?

“I don’t know all, John. I don’t intend to. I simply intend to comfort and console in times of need. So asking me for advice is the wrong way to go about things. But I’ll tell you what? Why don’t we meet here next week, and see where we stand. I’ll even make you a deal. If you can find one person, within the next week, who has benefited from your works... the next rounds are on me. Otherwise? You pay.”

“That’s a shit deal...”

“Yes... funny how things work out that way more oft than naught. I’ll see you next week John.”

At this point he rose and left, waving to me as he approached the door and exited. It occurred to me, only later, that he knew and cared for my name. I never thought to ask his.

 
