*COWER, BRIEF MORTAL.*

Appearing into this circle has hurt me, the order to my form cramping me from all sides. In my centuries in the "Other Place", I've grown used to the chaos, letting my form loose. In this crude but effective circle, I had internalized a gasp of pain.

But I, strangely, feel honored. It's been centuries since I was called to do anyone's bidding. For... Her, I think....? I'm gonna make it special. Before trying to kill her.

For now, a disembodied voice.

(She's not breaking out of her chant, no hiccups so far. She's really intent on completing the spell. I'm impressed.)

*THY HAVE CALLED UPON ME TO DO THINE BIDDING. BRAVERY AND STRENGTH IS HONORABLE BUT FOOLISH TO A BEING SUCH AS ME: THY ART SUMMONING ME ALONE?*

No break. She's really desperate.

Clouds gather in the centre of the room as her spells press down more on me, forcing me to take a shape from my invisible form. Grunting, I create an illusory portal where clouds escape, filling the circle with thick, black thunderclouds, rumbling, crashing, flashing in her room. A tongueless man climbs out of the portal, panting and sobbing at her to "Hep me, pkhease, gon't het me go baCK KHERE...." As chains drag him back into the portal and he screams on the way down.

She finishes her spell, and looks at me, her stare... The fear I was accustomed to. Relief, not so much, but I can see why. But hope...?

Maybe I've been out of this biz for way too long. Can't even read humans no more.

She drops to her knees, picks up her book, and stands back up. Her hands tremble as she flips through the pages, finally finding the right one.

"A-A-Art th-thou..."

*WHAT'S THAT?*

The clouds coalesce into a vague form of a human with eyes of lightning and blood. Optical illusion. If she sees blood, it's death she wants. If it's lightning she sees, I better be prepared to do something else.

As of now, I look through its eyes, and points a vague hand at the d20 on her desk. It's piled high with books, writing tools and paper, little shabti too. What I find the most interesting, though, are her collection of dice.

*THAT. I HAVEN'T SEEN THOSE IN A WHILE.*

She turns in her maroon sweatshirt and sarong to look. (Dear me, did no proper acolyte teach her summoning-fashion 101? Robes stained with blood and fecal matter of virgins and cows, tattoo of your cult symbol on the forehead, please. At least her shirt has a hood that covers... Oh no. She didn't even shave her head.)

She turns to look, before whipping back with fear. Good instincts, but I'm not interested yet. (Ooh look! Her eyes reflect blood!) "Oh... Th-Th-Those a-a-are m-my... gaming imp-implements, L-Lord Set. Th-The d20..."

*"I know what that is."* The clouds dissipate to reveal a tall man of red skin, horns upon his head and a long, lithe tail, pointed at the end. *"I just never thought it will come back into fashion. It's been so long."*

The girl looks like she realised something, then manages to conjure up a face of partial subservience, fully fear. "I-I-If I m-m-may... Th-they pertain greatly to your task."

*"Oh?"* I wave my hand at her, grinning. *"Speak."*

She takes a deep breath. In a voice that's completely rid of fear, she speaks.

"I-I wish you to kill a character in a game for me."

The grin starts looking fixed. *"........ I'm sorry?"*

"Th-The game with the dice." Her fear returns, barely, under a layer of desperation. "There's this player in my table, he's... He's terrible," she says lamely. "He harasses everyone in the group, kills everything and every NPC, argues about rules even when it's clearly against him. We can't progress in the game until we've let him have his way. He even..." She pauses there, collecting her thoughts. "He even tries to hit on one of my players, even when she clearly pushed him away. He's tried to force a kiss on her last week, and when her character wouldn't, he starts defacing her temple..."

*"Holdupholdupholdup."* I put my hands up. *"This is, I assume, a sort of acting game? A role-playing game?"*

"Yes!" She bites her lip. "And I'd like this player's character dead."

I run the idea through my head. Death, in a way. Huh.

*"If I remember anything of the old days, there were facilitators for public games like this. The one who sets the scene, the one with many roles..."*

"That's me."

*"Then you have every right to talk to him, correct him! Didn't you know that? You could even tell him to go away from your game and never coME BACK!"* I roar out the last part, a fine red haze gathering about my horns, like a mist of blood. *"YOU DON'T NEED MY HELP FOR SUCH MATTERS!!"*

To my shock, she falls to the ground and starts crying. Now, you'd think I've been all over the world, known all across the lands, eh? I'd know more cases of crying people, eh?

HAHAHAHAHAHAHA nope.

I squat down on the floor, looking at her. Her head and shoulders are just in the circle, I could just reach out and take her for whatever I want, free myself...

Indifferent to those ideas, I wave them away.

"I-I-I-It's m-muh-muh-my first-t-t-time..." She wipes her face as more tears flow to the ground. "I-I-I-I j-j-just w-wanted a g-g-good, fun ga-ame... H-H-H-He's ev-v-ven ye-helled at m-muh-muh-me... H-H-He argues... SO MUCH... Hours... G-G-Gone... B-B-But I o-on-only slo-o-owed down for h-h-half a muh-minute... T-t-to ch-ch-check rules o-on sn-sn-sneak atta-ha-hack...."

I turn into a young man, just barely a man, around, I think, the same age as her. My voice heightens in pitch, but I keep it just deep enough for it to be comforting. All illusions are dropped, and it's just me and her in the circle.

*"A-alright, there, there..."* I reach my hands out, awkwardly reaching out and wrapping my arms around her shoulders best as I can, wincing as I pull her into the circle a bit (she could be killed! So unguarded about emotions!), and trying to find better positi... Oop nope not there that's a br***t... Better positions, here we go, her back and a shoulder. *"There, there..."* I pat her awkwardly. *"H-hey, look, it's not that bad, ok? We... We can figure something out...."*

She wraps her arms around me and I give up all hopes of escape for now. Ah well, it's not that bad a situation....

***
Prequels amirite? I'll be back with more tomorrow.