     I began planning my invasion. This was the last part of the world that held out. I never believed I could get this far and now my eyes were set on the final prize.

Russia. They held out for as long as they possibly could but I knew it couldn't last for much longer. Once I took them it would be done, and the new year would begin with me unifying the world under one flag of freedom and peace at last. I looked in the mirror and picked out my hair. It had grown fairly long in the past few years of war. I debated if should shave the beard. It made me look older, more distinguished. Like the photos of the old war generals who fought to free their countries. 


As I tried to get ready to adress my commanders and their platoons a white hand rested on my shoulder. Immediately I drew my glock from my hip and turned to face the intruder. No one was there. Just the door to my quarters and the bits of furnishing I had set up. I turned back to the mirror placing te gun back in the hilt and there a figure stood beside me. 

"Relax" it said in a particularly strong french accent. "You're not crazy, we're just here to give you some advice" I examined the figure. he was about my height, but he carried himself in a dignified way that made him appear larger then himself. He wore what appeared to be an old blue and white military coat, decorated with medals and accented with red and gold. He swept his dark hait to the side and suddenly I remembered where I'd seen the figure before.

"Napolean Bonaparte?" I asked cautiously. He gave a half hearted smile.

"I would reply in the flesh..but as you can see," he waved his hand in front of the small lamp on my desk to reveal its translucence. "I have not been flesh for a long time. As I said previously, we are here to give you advice."

"What do you mean we?" I asked when suddenly another hand appeared on my shoulder. I turned and saw a face I new quite well from many a history class and telivision parody. My mouth agape and eyes wide as I stared into the face of Adolf Hitler, one of the most evil men in history. 

"He was referring to me," said Hitler, gliding to the side of Napoleon. "We came to tell you to wait until the summer. Otherwise you will fail at Russia, like we your predecessors did."

"Predecessors?" I spat back. "I'm nothing like the two of you! Racists who ran around the world spouting hatred for those who didn't look like you! And I don't know which of you are worse...the one who enslaved or the one who comitted mass genocide!"

"Oh you aren't like us?" replied Napoleon. "Let's face the facts, you want the world to be peaceful and diverse and you want to do so by eradicating as many white people as you can. Face it, boy, YOU ARE US!" I stepped back from the mirror and looked at myself. It was true, I had started on this path as just another protester. I was a bit extreme sometimes but after it was revealed that the U.S. government was trying to systematically eliminate its black population, the rhetoric began to take hold. Support from groups and organization flooded in and somehow I was pushed into the leadership. But the role suited me. I relished in the power I held despite my noble intentions. 

"The road to hell is paved with good intentions young one" said Hitler. "You are living our lives in a different era. Don't make our mistakes."

"Apologies for lashing out at you boy. Allow me to explain," Napoleon truly looked to be disappointed with himself. "Every 129 years or so there is a cycle. We are all part of the same lineage. We are all meant to be conquerors."

"When I was trying to take over, Napoleon came and tried to warn me, but I refused to listen." Hitler looked away, disappointed as well. "I truly wanted to help the world. But I unfairly scapegoated the Jewish people and made the same mistake of attacking Russia in the winter. I stared in shock and disbelief. 

"So I'm, the reincarnation...of Hitler. Literally Hitler." They looked at each other than back to me. They shrugged and nodded. "So does this mean I have to stop?"

"No," said Napoleon, "it just means you have to learn from our past mistakes. And wait until the damn summer to attack one of the coldest countries on the planet."

I contemplated what they were telling me. I looked at myself in the mirror. *Literally, Hitler.* The words rang through my head. I looked at the gun on my hilt.