Bill Halsford was just walking home from work one night, when the world suddenly crumbled around him.

He stumbled over a chasm that had suddenly appeared where solid ground had been seconds ago. Pulling himself back from the edge of the abyss, he briefly saw at the bottom of the canyon a prismatic array of light, with tendrils of pure radiance reaching upward. Whether they were inviting to a paradise or reaching for prey was anyone's guess.

The concrete of the side walks turned to sand, then glass, then water, then volcanic ashe under Bill's feat as he moved down the street. With every footfall he entered into then out of a whole other reality. Cities rose and fell around him. Rolling hillsides blossomed and withered in the span of seconds. Blue foxes became cycloptic aliens, became writhing masses of sentient moss, became eagles screaming the lyrics to "Roxanne" by The Police in distinctly Argentinian accents.

Bill stopped dead in his tracks, as the familiar streets of Gotham came into view around him. He stood perfectly still, afraid to move lest he never again re-enter his home universe. He looked around him fearfully, and saw across he street, a lady doing as he did. Standing perfectly still, face white with fear.

"Hey! Lady!" he called to her, "Are you seeing this shit too?!"

She turned her head, barely managing to keep her feet locked in place so she didn't shift again. "Yes! It's like... all the barriers of reality are just gone!"

"What the fuck!" Bill exclaimed. "What happened? What caused this?!"

"I don't know for sure, " she said, " but I think..." she pointed over Bill's shoulder, and he turned to look.

On a far hilltop out towards Gotham's countryside stood Wayne Manor, home of the famous billionaire Bruce Wayne. It hurt to look at: light and dark contorted itself around the manor in an impossible undulation of day and night. Trees, mountains, civilizations past present and future, terrestrial and extraterrestrial alike, all blinked in and out of view around it.

Nestled within the sprawling cosmic meltdown, two figures loomed like titans against the backdrop of a shattered universe. One was Batman, gritting his teeth from exhaustion as he kept trying to maneuver around his opponent, a man in a primly tailored suit who wore a scraggly beard and hard eyes that never left sight of Batman.

Bill looked back to the woman, and noticed for the first time the sight of other people up and down the street blinking into and out of view as they walked, ran, or in some cases crawled between realities. He could feel the blood leaving his face as he yelled, "What does it mean?!"

The lady only had one thoght, something that just came to her by base instincts. "I think what we're seeing is what happens when... well, when the Unstoppable Force meets the Immovable Object. "

She looked around her, at the fracturing shifting windows of worlds and timelines dancing around her. "...I'm going back in." 

"What?!" Bill exclaimed. "Why?!"

She shrugged. "I guess because standing in one place and watching the world break around me doesn't feel like a better solution?" She gave Bill a nod as she stepped forward, and vanished into the cosmic breach like all the rest.

Bill stood where he was, locked for now in his home reality. He watched the chaotic cacophony whirl around him, mundane and surreal mingling wildly all around him. An Bill realized he couldn't stay stationary forever. Eventually he'd get tired, or sway over, and it would be another universe he fell into.

Steadying himself with a prolonged gulp, he closed his eyes... and stepped forward.