As a child, you regularly encounter the forbidden fruit. Interesting children pluck it from its branch, watching the world burn is a risk that excites us all, deep down. This is a phenomenon I know to well. My internal dialogue has recently progressed to a putrid mixture of confusion as to how I have I received this knowledge, and searing desire to act against it. The knowledge that meeting this woman will end existence.. I don't fully understand it. The devil is an unbearable prankster.

A park, 5 am. The sun is peeking over the horizon. The grasp of nightfall is beginning to waver. I sit alone. I haven't slept in 3 days. I now survive, fighting an unimaginable restlessness at all moments of the day.. the feeling is almost arousing. In my most vulnerable state, a question mocked me, dancing on my tongue, staring me right in the face. Why did I contact her. Why did I contact her??? My entire body moved with uncontrollable desperation to be free of this feeling. I have tried to find an outlet for this, God only knows I've tried. But alas, nothing has presented itself. And finally, as a child retrieves a fork and moves towards a wall outlet, I stood up. I cannot resist any longer. I need a taste of this fruit, growing atop this tree.
Her address sat comfortably in my minds eye, a lighthouse pulling me to the safety of shore. Finally I can feel the restlessness subsiding. The more I commit to the decision of seeing her, the more I return to normality. She wouldn't understand. To her I was a source of online entertainment, obscene photographs of all manner and description. But in those emails, vulgar though they seemed, there was something more. I'll show her there was something. 
Before too long her doorstep materialised itself in front of me. I wasn't taken aback. I'm here for her. A few penetrating thrusts from my lockpick and I was in. I felt a sense of inevitability as I moved. As rain feels when gravity compels it towards destruction. What a nice apartment. It was strikingly feminine, suitable I thought. Dark reds and attractive objects filled the space. Leather weaved throughout the decor. I stood for a while, but I didn't didn't want to fester. My yearning had subsided, but with every second wasted it returned, with burning fury. Faster and quieter than ever before, I scoured the doors to hear her breath, locate her bedroom.
The final door.. that sound. I'm not sure I believed what the devil told me as in my dreams, but it's undoubtable. Her breath was... deep and nasal, like I was listening to a sleeping Dragon, ready to engulf all eternity in flames. I needed to see this Dragon. Suddenly I'm in the room. My mind blank.. My expression twisted, I can't turn back now.. so where do I look? The bed. Yes the bed! I could smell her. I could hear her. Now I needed to see her. My pupils burnt with anticipation, my spine hummed with a feeling of uncertainty. This is ecstasy, I thought. As I loomed over her bedframe, she was turned away from me. I needed eyes. I lay a benevolent hand on her shoulder, and pulled toward my hip. For a moment she lay there. And in the darkness, I wasn't sure what I was looking at. But I was adjusting, and my mind was building a picture. A horrific realisation gripped me. I gagged. And again. My entire body wilted, and I fell to my knees with a crash. My limbs flailing, I searched for something to stabilise, something to contrast the chaos in my skull. As I twisted in agony, the figure awoke, due to the noise. I didn't want to look again. Never again. But I could feel it's gaze. The fruit was looking at me. And I had to look back. 
"Ese?
My eyes met those of a middle aged, overweight, Mexican. He was certainly male. He had a concerned, almost embarrassed look on his face. I'm pretty sure I pissed myself. Now I wanted the world to end.