"Why not do what you love." The voice was soft, melodic, soothing in such a way as the surf coating the sand, and retreating back into the ocean, over, and over, and over.

The man whom the voice spoke to was turned to his stove. His hands were pressed on each side of the stove, his shoulders were perched up, his head was sunken between them. It was as if he was keeping himself up, keeping up his hope, his life.

"This is what I love," the man muttered.

"Your wife?" The voice continued. "The one who leaves you here night after night? God knows what she does. And you know this. I've heard you say it to yourself. I've heard the discussions you've had with her. She gets to galavant with her friends and lovers, and you play the nanny and maid to the house. Why do you accept that? I know that deep down in your soul this is not how you want to live your life. And here you are. The nanny and the maid."

"How do you know this? What are you?" The man was sobbing.

"Shawn... I'm not alive, I'm not dead. I'm cursed to be everywhere, at anytime, for all of eternity."

"How do you know everything about me?" Shawn moaned through the weeps. "Are you...? Are you the devil?"

"If I said yes. You would disavow me. If I told you I was God, you would worship me. Whoever told you that devils are made to be damned, and Gods are made to be worshiped?"

Shawn continued to weep, his head bobbing as if it was ready to fall off of his neck. "She loves me..."

"So much that she isn't with you. So much that you are alone."

"SHUT UP!" Shawn cried out, raising his head.  He turned around only to see his shadow. The voice could not be seen, only heard. "If you have the answer key to life, then why do you waste time with a loser like me?"

There was a pause. Shawn's rage had a moment to wither and die down. A lit candle that had used up all of it's wax. His weeping was allowed to turn to sniffles and whimpers.

"Shawn. I have spent eternity, asking people to do only what they love. To break them from the spell cast upon them by others. First there is goodness, the promise that the aid of others will bring aid to you. Then there is love, the promise that you shall have what you feel you deserve. Then there is peace, the promise that men don't have to go to war. Then there is hope, the promise of a better tomorrow and never of a better today. Finally there is heaven, the biggest bastard of all. Imagine reliving this nightmare of lies, over, and over, and over again. This is heaven Shawn. You're in it. One awful existence after the other. All because you believe the lies of others."

Shawn stood motionless. His whimpers were stifled. The snot below his nose was frozen. The tears had left a salty trace down his eyes. The swollen glands around his nose were red but not so puffy anymore. He didn't blink.

"Shawn, I have no where else to go. I'm not going back. I don't remember how I ever got out. But nothing can make me go back to Heaven. Now I spend every day, for all of my days, trying to pull somebody out with me. Maybe for company. I am selfish, it's a virtue. It makes me happy. Won't you come down with me?"

Shawn looked around. He couldn't see the voice. He was sure he was crazy. He walked into his bedroom. He reached under the bed. There was a locked box, it was wood engraved. A family heirloom. He reached into his pocket. His hand shaking violently. He pulled out his keys. He grabbed them with both hands, shaking, and shaking. He sifted through his car keys. Shaking. His house keys. Shaking. His work locker key. Shaking. He finally reached the lock box key. He turned it towards the lock box. Shaking as madly as ever. He thrust it in and missed, he thrust it again, and missed, he stopped. He took a deep breath but it would not stop his shaking or his panic. He willed the key into the hole. It found it's mate. He turned it and the lock box opened. Inside was his grandfather's .45 caliber pistol. He took it in his hand, turned the safety, turned it square at the center of his forehead and pulled the trigger. Blood spattered all over the curtains, all over the bed. He would now walk into Heaven.

The voice sighed.   
