We had been arguing for hours.

Shortly after the news came on, the anchor telling us of the tragedy shortly before telling their co-anchor exactly what they thought of the fabricated laugh that was brought in front of the camera, I had asked a simple question of her.

It all devolved so quickly.

Soon we screaming at each other, exactly how much we knew about each other, everything we were hiding. 

How she had cheated in our first week of dating. I forgave her. 

How I had lied about staying late at the office when I was meeting with friends. She forgave me.

How I had forgotten our anniversary pretty much every year. Forgiven.

How she always blamed the dog for her farts. Forgiven.

Doubts about our marriage.

True desire to have children.

Well concealed alcoholism.

An abortion.

A hit and run.

All forgiven.

But, the emotions were running too hot. I left, taking a long walk around the city to clear my head. It was chaos out here as well. All traffic stopped, multiple pile ups, brawls in the street, screaming coming from every building. I did my best to skirt it all, unable to hold back explicitly honest commentary.

“I don’t care about you.”

“You look like you’re trying to hard to be someone you’re not.”

“Your make up is done beautifully.”

“I can’t help but look at your crotch, those jeans are too tight.”

I lapped the block, then turned a corner and did the block in the other direction.

“Your massive chest caught my attention before anything else. I’m impressed, sir.”

“Nothing you are wearing flatters your body in any way.”

“I’ve always wanted a tattoo, but could never settle on anything, but at the moment I want your tattoo exactly.”

“No, I don’t own a car, and I feel ashamed of that fact before I rationalize that I don’t need one.”

I made it back to home.

I stared at the door a long time, uncertain of what would be waiting for me. It took an intense force of will to reach out and turn that handle, then another surge to propel myself forward through the doorway.

She wasn’t in the living room. I knew I’d find her in the kitchen, sitting on the counter, a phone at her side from calling her mother.

“I always call mom when we fight.” Her cheeks were still tear stained, and her voice was rough from sobbing. “She never says anything helpful, but I can tune out her rambling to think more clearly for a bit.”

I shuffled my feet for a moment, suddenly all to conscious of how my weight was sitting on my legs.

“I know,” I said, “I once stayed in the house, I heard you giving empty ‘uh huh’s’ and ‘yeahs’ as your mother loudly chattered through the phone. I’ve never liked her much, but she isn’t bad, so I tolerate her for you.”

After that we sat silent for a good long while. It was maybe ten minutes before she slipped off the counter and walked over to me, head bowed. She didn’t look up as she wrapped firmly around my waist, or when I tangled fingers in her hair and pulled her tighter.

“I’m sorry.” We both said, at the same moment, followed by the choked laughter that fights back tears.

I could feel her tensing. I was tense, too. We both knew I had to ask again.

“What do you want for dinner?”

I felt her shaking. Tears soaked through my shirt. When she finally spoke it was a ragged gasp, as if the sentence was being pulled from her.

“I don’t know, whatever’s fine.”