The door opened to a man dressed in merchant's robes, striding into the bookshop with purpose and vigor, his eyes black as his banner's sable backdrop and his hands clutching a purse filled to the brim with Knight Tokens.  

They were originally given during the Crusades, but powerful nobles, kings, and even the Pope used them to hire the deadliest, most powerful knights to slay their enemies.  

The bookkeeper greeted the man, "John, the Wicked."  Opening a door, he let him in.  

"This is the map of the Del Antonio Estate.  Here, you have four ancient Roman ruins.  This is the map of the pagan temple, and the catacombs underneath."  The bookkeeper took out two scrolls.  

He then took out a newer scroll.

"And this is the modern transcribed plan.  There are one, two, three gates."  

\--- 

A Knight Token was laid discreetly in front of the apprentice's table, where she laid out fabrics and worked leather.  She got up, and led the man who laid the token back towards a secret section of the entrance.  

Two enormous men, clad in silken robes over heavy armor, opened a set of mahogany doors.  A finely dressed merchant got up from a rich couch and shook the man's hand.  

"I take it, you'll be needing a new suit?"  

"Yes."

"He stood in front of the expensive, pristine mirror, as the armor-tailor began to take measurements.  

"Is this a formal event, or a social affair?"

"Social."

"And is this for day, or for evening?"

"I need one for day, and one for night."

"And what style?"  

"Italian."  

"What trimmings?"  

"Gold."

"Leggings?"

"Tapered."

"How about the lining?"

A pause.

"Combat."  

The apprentice, a deadly assassin-knight in disguise, then proceeded to test the armor by firing rapidly at it with a Chinese repeater crossbow.  

"Silken lining, multiple-tempered Milanese plates, heavy leather padding, cutting-edge armor from both the Far East and West, we just sew the leather between the armor and the lining, zero penetration even from Genoaese crossbows.  However, quite painful, I'm afraid."  

The man nodded.

"Could you do a rush order?"

"I sure can.  Where would you like to have it sent?"

"The inn, please."  

\---

"Is he here?"

"I have never known him not to be here."

The tall Arabic merchant led John, the Wicked, into the back.  He walked into a small sitting room, its stone walls overlaid with fine Persian carpets and its windows covered in stained glass.  Arranged on the wall was enough equipment to supply a small army, glittering with deadly purpose, but many clothed in thin black-dyed silk to keep them from blemish.  

A priest with a black robe greeted him.

"Good Afternoon, O Wicked One.  It has been a long time."

"I'd like a tasting."

The two walked toward the enormous wall of weapons.  

"I am aware of your past fondness for the French variety, but I can wholeheartedly endorse the new breed of Damascus blades," the priest took a pair of sharp, sleek swords from the wall, coated jet black, one 34 long and one 26 long.  

"High cured leather grips, flared guard for easier sheathing, and I know you'd appreciate the custom marking." 

The man nodded, twirling the blades expertly in his hand.  

"What's next?"

"I need something robust, precise."

The priest nodded, the proceeded to remove one of the halberds from the wall.  Its blade rose in a deadly arc, and fifteen nails were laid on its handle.  

"Swiss arc-fifteen."  

"Extendable handle, thrice-tempered iron-forge steel blade, with a triple-facet tip, with one-sixth the average weight."

The man nodded in approval.

"Could you recommend anything for the end of the night?  Something big, bold."  

"May I suggest the Zweihander Greatsword?"

He presented a massive, 7-foot long battle sword to the man, who picked it up with ease.

"Custom weighted guard and pommel, textured leather grip should your hands get, wet, a German classic."  

"Dessert."

"Dessert."  The priest looked at him with a little exasperation.

"The finest hidden weapons, all freshly made."  

A mixture of far-Eastern shuriken and kunai, deadly pocket-crossbows only available to the highest-tier assassins, was laid out on ornate boxes before the knight.  

"Should I have everything sent to your room?"

"Yes, excellent.  Thank you."

The man turned around and began to leave.

"John, the Wicked?"

He turned around.

"Do enjoy your ball."    

\---

Within the room in his inn, John the Wicked, his body covered in holy tattoos, began the process of arming.

First came the underarmor, silk and cotton lining.  Then came the suit, every strap wound tight, every joint checked for movement.  Around that, went the two swords, carried on the back.  And at last, hidden in a large bag disguised as food, went the halberd and zweihander, mounted neatly on the side of the jet-black horse.  