I sit on the edge of the canyon, admiring the beauty of the end. Fire engulfs the forests in the distance, the destruction slowly creeping towards me. 

"I thought I'd find you here," she says, grinning. 

I look to my left and smile at the woman who just appeared next to me. "Ah, I should have known you'd show up." 

We examine each other for a few seconds, soaking in the changes of appearance since we last crossed paths. 

"Eighty-seven years?" 

"Eighty-eight, actually," she corrects me, nudging me on the shoulder. "I've kept count." 

I chuckle. 

She looks out at the flames and billowing smoke, shaking her head. A frown forms on her face. 

"What?" I ask. 

"I just," she says sullenly, "I just thought that it would be different." 

"What do you mean?" 

"I don't know. I thought everyone would go instantly. Maybe an asteroid would hit, or a disease would wipe us out," she pauses and looks out at the carnage. "Not this." 

It really is underwhelming, now that I think about it. The population just slowly decreased until there were only a few million of us left. Then the fires started. No asteroids, no diseases, no nuclear warfare, just this. I am the only one left. Well, that's not true anymore. She is here. Now it's just the two of us, how peaceful. 

"You remember when we met?" She asks. 

"Oh, how could I forget?" We both start laughing. 

"June first, eighteen seventy-three," she says, beaming. 

"Pub in, where was it, Albany?" 

"Boston, and you got me a meal, you gentleman." 

She puts her arm around me. "I miss those days," I say glumly. 

"Maybe after this, I'll travel back to that night and meet you again. I'm in the mood for the eighteen hundreds." 

"I wish I could go with you," I whisper. 

We fall silent for a minute. 

"How many times have you travelled to this moment with me?" I ask. 

"A few hundred." 

That startles me. 

"Why do you keep coming back?" 

"I don't know. I just like being here with you in the end," she says, resting her head on my shoulder. "It just seems like it'd be lonely watching the end by yourself." 

"Well, you're not wrong." 

Tears start to well up in my eyes. 

"What is it?" She asks, concerned. 

"What's going to happen to me after it's all gone? Everything is going to end and I will still be here. It's just not fair." 

"I know it's not. You don't deserve to be alone," she whispers, tears streaming down her face. "I wish I could stay here with you forever." 

"No, you don't," I tell her. "You should be thankful that you can go back to better times. You don't have to watch the world burn until there is nothing left. I envy your life." 

We are both weeping, holding each other as the towering flames approach us. 

"I don't want to leave you," she cries. 

"It shouldn't be like this." 

"What?" 

"These last few moments with you shouldn't be so damn depressing," I say, wiping the tears from my cheeks. "We have to savor this." 

She and I look each other in the eyes and smile. I can remember all of the moments we encountered each other throughout time, always getting a drink with each other or spending the night together. 

"I'm scared," I whisper into her ear. "What's going to become of me without the earth?" 

"You'll figure something out," she says, grinning. "You always do." 

I take a look at the scene before us. The fire is only a few hundred feet away from us. 

"You have to go," I tell her, standing up. "You can't risk getting stuck here." 

We embrace. I want to freeze time at this moment, in her arms. It all feels so perfect now, like the end isn't really so near. 

"I'll miss you," I say, letting go of her. 

"Me too. I hope everything works out for you." 

She steps back and disappears, traveling to another moment in time. 

I sit down on the ground and smile, the flames now only mere feet away. 

I wonder what lies ahead of me. Maybe I will find another planet with another species and another language. Maybe I will spend the rest of my days traveling through the vast nothingness of space. Maybe humans are still thriving somewhere. I can only hope. 

The flames have engulfed me. I don't feel a thing. 

There are so many possibilities, so many outcomes. But there is one thing that I am sure of. 

I will never meet anyone like her again. 

Never.