It was like something out of a movie. There I was sleeping away when a loud crack wakes me up and the temperature shoots up in my bedroom. I turn over to see a circle of fire at least seven feet across at the foot of my bed, blasting heat and light into the room. I thought the house was on fire but and as I began to jump from my bed someone, no, something strode from the blaze. I froze in fear, the red skinned beast stared at me with eyes of pure darkness. Before I could react he grabbed me and dragged me toward the inferno. As we went through the portal the only thing I heard over my pounding heart was “You’re going to help me settle a bet.”
Next thing I knew, I was in what I can only assume was hell. It was hot, so hot, and it smelled like liquid death. I could hear nothing but screaming coming from all around me. It was dark but in places there were towering fires, beside me a river of black tar moved slowly. The being slung me over its shoulder and began carrying me along a path that followed the black river moving toward a small building. 

"What am I doing here!? Am I dead??"

"no." its voice reverberated in the darkness, like a quiet thunder, "I told you, you’re going to help me settle a bet.”

"What kind of bet?" I was terrified but maybe if I could figure out why I was here I could find away to escape whatever ill fate this thing was taking me to.

"you'll see"

It didn't answer anymore questions as we walked. I tried to keep talking, and some begging to let me go along the way, it only chuckled and kept waking.

We arrived at a large stone house, the creature rapped three times on a door. It opened slowly and we entered the building, my captor dropping me to the floor as we crossed through the door way. I stood up on shaky legs that had been asleep for at least five minutes now and  stood before another demon, they both had red skin but this new one had yellow eyes, and a black goatee on its face. Terror poured through me as all the horror movies I've seen flashed through my head, all the terrible things these demons were planning on doing to me. I couldn't say anything, couldn't move, I just stood there, staring at the two creatures who both stood side by side looking at me expectantly.

"Well?" the yellow eyed demon said.

"well what?" I managed after a moment of confused hesitation. 

"which one of us is taller?"