Osric spat out the bars of his cell, onto the Nazi soldier standing guard. The soldier turned around, swearing in German. He kicked the bars, and in very broken Norwegian, told Osric that he was going to get a harsher torture next time. And in perfect German, Osric replied; “good. Try me, you son of a bitch,” but he could see that the guard wasn’t listening. 

Far away, he could hear the sounds of a symphony. Someone was playing Wagner again. Osric sighed. These sadistic bastards only played Wagner whilst they tortured members of the MILORG. At this point, Osric would rather listen to anything else. He sighed, and sat down in the corner of his cell, far from the bars, and muttered to himself in Norwegian. It was almost a prayer, but to whom, Osric did not know. To him it was just a phrase he had learned in a dream. “That is not dead which can eternal life… and with strange eons even death may die…” looking up from his hands, he saw the faintest outline of a human figure. It had wings, blacker than the night sky, and it’s eyes blazed like the sun. “Azazel. Or are you Apollyon tonight?” Osric asked, looking at the angelic creature. “Tonight I am both, and one more; your saviour.” Osric raised an eyebrow. “You’re not trying to take my soul anymore? Why the sudden change of heart?” Azazel took a step closer, and crouched down to Osric’s level. “Because the Nazis have something I want, and I think *you* can get it for me.” “But why can’t you just—” Osric was shushed, and Azazel stood up. “I can only interfere so much. This alone might be too much. That being said, influencing others to do my will is perfectly fine… for whatever stupid reason. Whoever makes the rules, might not be all there. At any rate, before we can go raiding German vaults for their Wunderwaffen, we need to get you out.” Azazel walked to the cell doors, and spat on the guard like Osric did. This time, however, the spit was fire. The guard burned to death in black fire, and Azazel broke the cell doors off. He then threw a weapon to Osric. “A farmer gave this to me, a while ago. Said something about his rifle being the only useful tool. Enjoy,” Osric caught it, and examined it. A Suomi KP/-31. He wondered what farmer could’ve been using this. 

“I’ll help you, demon, under one condition; we’re freeing my brothers and sisters here too,” Osric stated, motioning to the other cells. “You think that’s a lot to ask? I thought you were going to do that without asking,” Azazel shrugged. “The warden should have the keys, so we need to kill him first,” 

As Osric snuck into the Officer’s Mess, trailed by the fire-spitting demon Azazel, he counted four Nazis. He had been sneaking through the prison, trying not to use his gun. He had picked up a knife from the first Nazi he killed, and by now his arms were covered in blood. He looked truly insane, with a sub machine gun in one hand, a knife in the other, covered in blood and scars from his torture. As he crept in, he recognized both the warden and the officer who presided over his tortures. Instead of keeping his stealth, Osric stood up and roared, “HEY IHR MISTSTÜCKE!” And immediately opened fire, aiming low. His two nemesis’ were removed of their legs, and Osric blasted at the heads of the other two soldiers. Walking over to the two legless Nazis, he crouched down and set his firearm on the ground. “One chance to answer, or you’ll wish I killed you. Wo sind die Glocke?” The warden looked up and growled, “I’m not telling you shit!” In response, Osric forced his knife through the warden’s ribs, right next to his heart but not stabbing it. “I’m taking your eyes next. And then your teeth. For now, just your keys,” he raised the key ring, to show the warden, then put it beside the submachine gun. Osric turned to the officer. “Same question for you, you sadistic rat,” the officer spat, and muttered something about death. “Guess I’m taking your eye,” Osric said. The officer chuckled. “As if you would—” he cut himself off by screaming as Osric did in fact take his left eye. “Maybe I wasn’t clear enough,” Osric growled, and pointed the knife at the warden’s jugular. “If you want to see your Führer again, tell me where the fucking super weapon is,” the warden went to say no, but Osric stabbed him, with enough force to make the knife pierce through to the other side. “Tell me, Herr Miststück, where it is,” as Osric took the knife out, and walked towards the officer, the visage of Azazel appeared behind him. The officer gasped in fear, and immediately told everything to Osric. “Danke,” The Nord said, before stabbing the knife through the officer’s other eye. “We’ll free the others, then… ah, hell, how are we gonna get to Germany?” Azazel flapped his wings. “You’re not serious…?” But he could see that the demon was. Osric sighed. “This is going to be one hell of an adventure,”

___

Edit 1: fixed my German