“It sure is beautiful.” I spoke softly, I could feel him behind me.
It’s funny how we personify things to feel.. more natural, I guess.
He glided up silently next to me, bare pale feet sunk into few covered grass. I didn’t want to look up at him, I could see the dark cloak almost sucking in the light around it. 
And just to the right of his feet I could see the stem of his staff, the gastly head just out of sight.

“It really is.” He responded, voice as cold as ice but.. reassuring.
“I guess it’s my time to go then, isn’t it?”

“That it is, the cancer within you will take your life.”
I could feel his voice bristle with an unspoken emotion.

“It’s funny how I used to joke about wanting to die with friends..” emotion controlled my own words as the welling of tears filled my eyes.
“But I’m scared.” A short breathe of air escaped my trembling lips followed by a shallow sob.

“Only a very few number of people welcome death.” His  voice returned to a sunken tone. “But it does not make it easy.”

There was a pause, and he lowered himself to sit next to me.
His hood obscured his face, but I could see a fog of breath. It surprised me, he breathed? Maybe it was just to make this feel.. normal.
“What’s the scythe for? The unruly ones?”
I asked as my breathing returned to normal and my heart slowed.
“You chose a beautiful place. You knew you were going to die.” He avoided my question.
“I did. I saw this skyline in blogs and I decided I wanted to die here.” 
“I envy you.” I could feel the pity in his voice.
“Answer my question.” 
I could feel him shift as if to look at me, but I avoided staring into his face.

“Not everyone wants to pass peacefully. Some plead, others barter. But very rarely do some fight back. These are the ones that resigned themselves to die, but will fight against the inevitable with every breath.
When you pass you will ascend to an oasis where you will help those around you. And those they die by my scythe are sent below, not as prisoners but as protectors.”
I looked into the pale skull of death and saw nothing but a sunken void. His answer ran a chill down my spine.
“Protect us from what?” My voice shook but I felt the urge to know.
“You will see, Alex. You fought not against me but against cancer several times and refused to die. And so I offer to you the chance to resist me again and fight again.” 

I sat in silence; heavenly oasis.. or protect...
“Protect who? The oasis?”
He slowly rose to his feet
“No, Earth.”
I followed suit. I bawled a fist up and turned to face him one last time.
No words were shared, I threw a punch and he swung the scythe. But for a split second I saw his true face,
Pale and old.. caring. He gave me a gentle, warm smile before his scythe ended me.

And it all went black.
