"Inan, stop scratching your eyes!  It's unhealthy for *your condition*!"  Came my mother's voice from the kitchen, where she prepared me a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. It was a summer day, the air conditioning within our apartment giving us much needed relief, and the television in the corner buzzing with the sound of children's cartoons.  It was one of my earliest memories, that day, the first time I could remember my mother talking about *my eyes*.

For I had been born with a condition, one not uncommon, where a hyper sensitive retina could come detached and caused blindness if too much pressure was applied to the eye.  Besides relentlessly itchy eyes, the condition did little to affect my daily life, especially since sports were not my specialty anyways.  But as I grew up, my mother continually fussed over them, ensuring that we had regular check ups at the doctors- and panicking once when the retina had come detached, and the right side of my world dissapeared into darkness for a few hours.

Fortunately, the doctor had been able to restore my vision after an operation.  But not before warning me to be cautious, for it may not be so easy to restore my current sight in the future.

So it continued, year over year, until my sophomore year of high school.  The year I met another girl at my school with a similar condition, Sage, and we had become fast friends.  It was a strange thing to bond over, itchy eyes, but neither of us could see a reason not to.  

But school dynamics began to change rapidly after I started hanging out with Sage.

My freshman year, I had been the most popular student in school, aside from Sage who also matched my social skills.  It seemed that students naturally gathered in clusters around me, and that even the teachers hung on my every word.  So, too, was it with Sage.

But whenever we were together, things changed.

"You know, you look ugly when you walk with her,"  Amy, my girlfriend, had said to me after school, her dark hair drifting over her cheek, "If you want to stay with me, you should ditch her."

I laughed it off, but Amy was not in a joking mood- she left me that day without our typical after school kiss, and her attitude uncharacteristically cold for the most beautiful girl in school.  And it seemed that the bullying activity ramped upwards- peers who would never think twice about rubbing shoulders with me tried to corner me when I walked with Sage, and teacher assigned me detentions for things as simple as untied shoelaces when I offered to walk her home from school.

As Amy grew more cold, and the other students more mean, it seemed natural that Sage and I only grew closer.  Until one day, we agreed to meet in the school theater when asking for a restroom break from class, playing hookey for the last period.

Amy had been so frgid the last few days that I didn't feel bad when Sage and I started kissing behind the curtain, and my feelings only turned more positive as we started doing more than kissing.  It felt strange- never before had I felt so alive as those moments, and I suppose it is true that losing your virginity is best the first time.

Until we were caught, the principal somehow walking directly over to our hidden position under one of the sets, and lifting the stage props off the top of us.

Sage's parents pulled her out of school as the principal lectured me on irresponsible behavior. I watched Sage's father scold her as they walked to the car outside the window, just as the principal turned away to fetch a stack of detention forms he kept in his office, informing me that Sage was to be transferred to the school the next county over.

In my agitation and embarrassment, I put my face in my hands.  With my rage over the events of the last few weeks, I clawed at my eyes, my thumbs putting pressure naturally against my pupils, my condition forgotten.  And to my surprise, as my hands came away, *so too did a piece of my right eye*.

For a moment, I panicked, thinking I had peeled my retina straight off.  But my heart stilled when I realized I could still see.  And there, in my palm, was a small piece of plastic, with wire etched in a zig zag pattern into the polymer.

Then the beats of my heart nearly exploded out of my chest when the principal turned around again, the circuits clear just under his skin, the LED's behind his eyes focusing on me, his forehead transparent to reveal darkness within.  All of this visible to my right eye only, my left seeing flawless skin and a perplexed expression.

"Inan, pay attention, or you'll only recieve omore detentions!"  He shouted, and I choked out an answer, my voice barely escaping my chest.

"Of- of course sir!"

Instead of actually paying attention, I whipped back to look outside the window.  Where several students relaxed on the lawn, their own skin peppered with circuits.  And where Sage's father's LED eyes met my own.

As Sage, her skin free of electronics like my own, closed the door to her car and they drove away.  

Two years have passed since that day.  Two years that I spent looking for Sage, and never finding her at any of the nearby schools.  Searching with my left eye, which I knew could recognize her.

And watching the *others* with my right eye, where I had cut a hole into the pupil of the contact.  



****

By Leo

[For more of my sci FI, read the free online web serial The Bridge](https://leonardpetracci.com/the-bridge)