Adam glanced at the watermelons in the back of his car and did a quick count, 24 just like he had paid for, his eyes drifted to the passenger seat and he was reassured by the sack full of apples waiting to be unloaded. His girlfriend, Betsy, had been extremely forceful with him about making sure they had enough fruit for her uncle Charlie and aunt Dee.

After a good 10 minutes of unloading watermelons and one very unruly sack of apples he sat down at the table to admire his work. the sack of apples tipped over and one rolled out

*Adam has 36 apples and 24 watermelons*

"There can't be any harm in having just one..." He thought, grabbing the stray and rubbing it on his shirt before taking a bite. The apple was amazing, it was the most delicious thing he had ever had and he finished it off in a dozen ravenous bites.

As he tossed the core aside, another apple happened to roll out of the bag and again he thought "That apple was really good and I skipped lunch, I'm sure Charlie and Dee won't mind..."

When Adam tossed aside the 6th apple core, he was pretty full. He was pretty impressed that he ate 6 of the apples that were supposed to last 4 people over a 6 day long visit. When the apples kept rolling out of the bag as soon as he finished one, he had been a bit suspicious, but they were delicious so he didn't mind. He stared at that 7th apple that had rolled out and grabbed it to put back in the bag. He couldn't! He couldn't even open his had to drop the apple. 

He stared helplessly as his hand brought the apple to his mouth and his mouth opened, taking a bite out of the apple with a sickening crunch. 

"HELP!" he cried through the mouthful of apple.

 Nobody was home... Betsy was out picking up Charlie and Dee at the airport. he started to cry as his hand discarded the 7th core and picked up an 8th. His mind going blank with terror.

*If Adam eats half the apples...*

The wet plop sound woke him up, a glance to the side showed Adam a medium pile of apple cores to his side, sitting in a puddle of vomit. the vomit covered him and his stomach hurt so much. he counted 18 cores. He stood up, relieved the ordeal was over, and walked to the phone on the countertop to tell Betsy to not come home.

As he turned, out of the corner of his eye he could have sworn he saw one of the watermelons twitch...

*and one third of the watermelons...*