I lay down on my bed, eyes closed, tears steaming down my face. The worst part of this whole funeral business is knowing that if I open my eyes, I’ll see her. My wife Janette has been, for the past few weeks after that man tried to car jack us, telling me that it’s not my fault. I saw the shadowy figure that looms over the ones that are close to death, but knowing she was healthy, I said and thought nothing.

I wish I’d told her. I wish I could have shown her that I can see people that have passed on. See them, hear them... but I can’t feel them.

People keep their personalities when they die. All their memories, all their quirks. If someone glowed when they were alive, they shown like a beacon on the other side. That being said, Janette’s phosphorescent beauty illuminated our room. She called to me this morning as I woke up, she wished I could talk to her, or see her... I stared through her as I got up and brushed my teeth, those freshly woken eyes allowing me to squint past her glow, which does not help, seeing as the glow is not of my plane of existence, it’s of their’s. 

That was a few hours ago, anyway. I could hear her crying on her side of the bed. She told me everything, and I listened through closed eyes, awaiting the moment when she left me and crossed. 

Soon, the crying subsided and we laid as we had so many countless nights, right next to each other. The difference now is that when I reach my hands out, I feel nothing. Not the warmth of her body, or the softness of her auburn hair, or those beautiful hazel eyes that can transcend space and time. 

I opened my eyes after a considerable time and found myself alone. When someone I’ve known for this long crosses over, it leaves an emptiness. It’s different than a friend, it’s a hole that will never be filled, that will remain open until I myself may join them. Until I may see Janette again...

As the hours ticked on in our room, I glanced out of the window so I may watch the sun rise and set again. Food never sat well with me after something like this, nor drink, nor any anything that may save my lost body. The weaker I grew, the closer I saw the shadowy figure looming outside of my window. Death is not the worst punishment, however. The worst one was hearing her come back and beg me to get up, but I could not. 

As the hours ticked on in our room, her phosphorescence faded, as my power is intrinsically tied to life. My eyes finally rolled back and the world went black. I would finally see my love again on equal field.

When I woke up in the fluorescent-light, dull white room of a hospital, I perceived at once that no one was with me, living or dead, and this being a hospital, that was weird. My power had faded, lost into the void beyond our realm. I tried to sit up but felt it physically impossible, as well as my neck turning, extremities, et cetera. Claustrophobia soon set in. My breathing quickened and my body closed in. I will die on their time now, and no longer shall I see the friends I’ve made throughout my life.

Most of all, I do not which is worse, hearing her pleas to talk to me, or knowing I may never hear my beautiful Janette again, and knowing that as I lay here wishing for death, she always wished for life.