The name is John Bertman. I consider myself a good husband and a loving father with a good sense of humor. 

But my kids don't agree.

A torrent of dark black and red light emitting particles swirls at my feet. I feel slightly dizzy and off-balance like you'd feel after a good roller-coaster ride.

I quickly regain my balance and attempt to gauge just what had happened. 

A large hall made of stone. The floor like a constant stairway going down. Red light streaming down from large glass inlaid arches. 
"What is this? A church?" I blurted out.

"A church?!" A hoarse voice returned. "Ha! This is my dread fortress, the Zighurat!"

I turned towards the source of the voice. A thin but tall man clad in an impressive red robe addorned with what seemed like chicken bones and skulls.

Holding back a chuckle at the sight of this chicken wizard. "I'm sorry, where am I and who are you?"

"I am Victor the Vile and this is my dread fortress the Zighurat!" 

"Yeah, you said that but where is that and whats with the red light?"

BANG! A loud noise down the end of the hall interrupted my conversation with the chicken wizard.

Four figures rushed into the hall making clanging noises like some sorf of kitchen utensel marching band.


"No more Victor! You will not violate our world any further!" Hero number 1 yelled while brandishing a fairly large broadsword.

"You are too late Corin, champion of the meek! My summoning is complete and the arch demon will obliterate your kingdom and I Victor shall rule this world!" 

The glances of what were clearly supposed to be heroes one, two, three and four quickly turned to me and their faces turned grim.

"Me?" In utter disbelief pointing at myself. "Arch demon?! What are you lot on about?"

"Yes you Melkis the Enroacher! Now take care of these imbeciles!" 

"Take care of them?" I paused and gazed at Victor. "You mean kill them?! Why? With what magic?" I joked at the chicken wizard.

"Magic? What is magic?" Victor sneered visibly agitated. "No! With what your kind calls humor." Victor jabbed his finger at the large book in his hands.

Not knowing what else to do I stepped aside Victor and glanced at the book. Mumbling to myself as I attempted to read the scribling that wasent covered by what I assumed was chicken blood.

Level 5 humor - Miming

Level 2 humor - Sarcasm

Level 1 humor - FORBIDDEN! dad jokes


"This is a joke!" I yelled as Hero number One lunged at me with his broadsword after seeing an opening. I flinched and raised my arms in a defensive pose.

Clang! The sound of metal echoed through the hall followed by a thud. 
Looking up I was horrified at the sight infront of me. Hero number One with his sword firmly embedded into his own face. Still grasping the hilt and gurgling blood through what was left of his mouth. 
"What the?! Oh my god what happened?!" 
"What do you mean?" Victor asked me. "That was an excellent performance of Miming! Well done!" 

What I had not realized was that in my defensive pose I had mimed a wall between us with my hands. To which the broadsword had reflected. 

Meanwhile heroes two through four enraged at the sight of their dying comrade had thrown themselves towards us with great anger. Hero number four's first arrow landed in the pillar next to me but the second went straight into my foot.

"ARRGG MOTHERFUCKER!! THAT HURTS!" I yelled grasping at the leg.

"I've wounded it!" Hero number four cheered at his fellow heroes.
 
"You must be the brightest fucking person in this shithole! Ofcourse I'm wounded!"

 In the instant I had finished my remark all that remained of hero number four were his feet and a red slush of goo splattering onto the floor in a long streek behind them. 

"Ah yes! Sarcasm!" Victor cheered joyfully.

After briefly staring at the remaining feet of their companions, heroes two and three sprinted out of the hall clanging and screaming the entire way.
In further disbelief I dropped onto the floor. 

"What have I done?"
"Excellent work! Now grab me some wine, I'm thirsty!"
Completely beside myself I stared at Victors grinning face.
"Hi thirsty, I'm John"


      