I awoke to the sound of swift water rushing to my left, and the pecking and cawing of carrion birds to my right. My body lay in profuse sweat, and my breath took in a suffocating air permeated by the smell of burnt flesh and decay. The stench tormented my nose with vicious alacrity. Opening my eyes took surprising effort, and when I managed them half ajar, my sight was assaulted by the blistering rays of a mid-summer's sun -- radiant beams that engulfed and shook my vision with unfiltered ferocity. 

My eyes shut with a quickness that was more than reflexive, and it was then that I fully registered how excruciatingly tired I was. Eyes closed, I sat still for a few moments, engrossing myself in an atmosphere comprised of sporadic bird pecks and relaxing, measured water flow, encapsulated within a torrid vacuum of hanging death.

My mind sharpened and I tried to recall why I was here. I reeled and strained, grappled and grasped, but my efforts were rewarded by one word alone. 

"Sawyer"

The voice cut through the air with gruff sharpness. My eyes bolt open despite the harsh rays of the overhead sun, and I slowly cocked my head left, towards the sound of the running water. Not ten steps away from me, a tall man with grayed hair and a sharp, handsome face looked upon me from the rushing stream, his eyes shining with unrestrained hatred and ravenous fervor. The metallic luster of a flintlock pistol's barrel glistened in his right hand. 

"Stand Up, Sawyer. Stand up and pay for the havoc you have wrought, for the evil you have cast upon this land. Stand up now."

I lay there and met his gaze unflinchingly, and felt a deep, roiling emotion rise to the surface and envelop my being, and at that moment his hatred for me was reciprocated. 

Unconsciously I summoned a strength from deep within, and with it I pushed myself to a knee, and then slowly to my feet. My black boots planted themselves firmly in the bloodstained mud.

"That's it. Answer now for your sins, for the lives you have taken with your dark power. For the families you have destroyed and the cities you have razed with your madness. You have lived like an animal, Sawyer, this is true, but you will die like a man, this I assure you."

I returned his gaze and said nothing. The birds had quieted, and I imagined them as still observers, waiting patiently for the final course of their feast of carnage. Eyes still locked, the man cocked the pistol and leveled it towards my head. For the last time I took in the sound of the running water, and instinctively I let myself drown it in, become one with it. My breathing was meditative and serene. Only half aware of what was happening, my gaze hardened, and a familiar energy surged from my stomach to the the center of my forehead. 

He looked into my eyes as he was swallowed by the flames that had suddenly come alive in the air around us. He danced and screamed until everything became still, and all that could be heard was the sound of a swift running stream.