"Morn." Nod to the patrons, untap taps get the alcohol fermenting take tips get paid find change give change quick snack sort mugs take orders deal with leftovers.

Quiet morning. So quiet that two of my arms started playing rock paper scissors to determine who washes the bar.

The Old One in isle 5 wanted a refill so I paid extra care to that one.

Really just a very quiet morning. My brain mass scatters throughout my appendages and absolves me of any higher reasoning.

That human came in again for his morning coffee. We only get fucking *insane* humans here, and most of them don't know its a bar. I've had to start stocking coffee just for this one guy.

"The usual?" I mutter from 2 of my many mouths, knowing already his answer and already brewing a cafe au lait, ratio of coffee to milk 3:2 with two teaspoons of sugar. He's incredibly particular about this, by the way, like most of my customers. If I don't put in exactly 2 teaspoons he gets very upset, though I did once make it using grapefruit-sized teaspoons, and he didn't even bat an eye, despite the sugar basically overflowing onto his boots. Strange chap.


He nods listlessly and waits patiently. The promised cup is received and he's on his way. I think he works in retail.

A hotshot comes in and takes a seat. Class J Sentient Logogram, on its way up to being a real Character in the word-space today. I give it a once over and smirk. Its existence is a foul word for now, but I'm sure that will change when it seeks Council approval.

The logogram adopts an inflection of leaning in and smirks at me. "So what's your deal?"

"Ya?"

"Ya. I hear theres this super special bar see that all the cool cats like to pretend they're cool enough to drop by, and its got a real doozy of a bartender. Thing is, nobody willin' to say who or what you is. I assume that be you?"

I motion to take his order and three of my arms also give a shrug.

"Ya huh."

It flashes transparent. I guess that's word-speak for blinking?

"Ya huh."

Well shit I ain't no secret.

"I'm whatever I need to be."

"What like a shapeshifter?"

"No, not at all. I don't control me."

"So like an Elder One, y'know, form changes to suit whatever's most comprehensible?"

"Still naw. I just kinda am whatever I need to be to be where I am."

"... And that's why you're a 30 armed mass of activity tending... a massive bar... at the edge of goddamn *reality?*"

The logogram seems incredulous, but yelps in fright when the floor it rests upon gives rise to my chuckle.

"Well, close but, I don't just *tend* a bar."