A gun!


Thomas was shocked as he touched the cold metal with his fingers.


"This...This isn't right"


He said under his breath as he fumbled frantically around his bag.


"Hey buddy, it is $3.75"


Thomas ignored the  bus driver as he tried to reason why his leather bag would have given him a gun, out of all things, on this occasion.


Thomas's leather bag was a family heirloom given to the first born upon reaching the age of 15. The leather bag was no ordinary bag, it granted its holder an item beneficial to their current situation. The leather bag has been passed from member to member for centuries, and not once has ever failed to provide an appropriate item. That was why Thomas was perplexed at the odd item that the bag had chosen to give him on this hot and sweaty morning, with the current heat he would have preferred a cold bottle of water as opposed to his regular bus fare.


His day had started like many others with nothing out of the ordinary, he had woken up and followed his daily routine:
Prepare himself a simple breakfast, coffee, some bread and eggs. Take a very hot shower just how he liked it despite the current heat, get dressed, grab his back pack, and most importantly, take his trusty leather bag and head out of the door. He would then walk for a few minutes to the next street and wait for the 8:25 am bus. He would then get on the bus, put his hand on his magical bag and pull either a bus ticket or enough change to pay his fare.


A gun. Thomas kept trying to make sense of this situation. He has done this for years now and the bag had always given him an item to be able to ride the bus. In rare occasions the bag would give him a something more exotic, a note or permit, but it always allowed him to ride for free. Thomas still laughed at the time he got a "Transit Supervisor" license and made the new driver in training sweat despite the AC being at full blast while Thomas pretended to take notes on a piece of paper and grunted whenever the driver took a less than perfect turn or braked a bit too fast for comfort.


What does this mean? Hijack the bus? Threaten the driver? Threaten another passenger? It made no sense, the bag would sometimes have a bit of fun on its approach and make things a bit ridiculous, but it would never ask its holder to do any harm. Well, he didn't think it would, he didn't know of any instance on which the bag had done that, to him or anyone else. Why would it start now?.


"You are holding up the bus, you either pay, or get out. People need to get to work here"


The driver's voice made Thomas look up and for a second, consider his surroundings. He looked at the driver who was in no mood to deal with this nonsense specially at the end of his shift. Thomas then turned to his left and glanced at the passengers already on the bus, some of them already getting fed up at the delay. He normally wouldn't think twice about anyone on the bus, but the abnormality of the situation made him do a double take on a few of the individuals: The man on a suit with black  sun glasses on the second last seat staring at the window talking to someone through what must be a bluetooth headpiece. The ragged man standing on the middle of the bus, and probably the source of the disgusting smell, talking to himself (or did he also had a headpiece?) and making jerky and sudden moves. The old lady staring at Thomas with one hand on her purse.


Was he in danger? Was any of these suspicious characters a thread  to him? ...To others? Thomas checked again the item the bag had given him. It was still a gun.


"If you don't have money I will have to ask you to leave. You have delayed us enough already" The driver told Thomas with any sign of patience and tolerance completely gone from his voice. Murmurs of approval from other disgruntled passengers could be heard circulating in the air.


"I...I can't". He said to himself, or the bag, he wasn't even sure. He couldn't stomach the idea that he had to use the gun to be able to take the bus. He clutched his bag with both hands and turned around to step out of the bus, but as he was about to exit, the voice in his head made him wonder if he meant to use it to protect himself or someone else, if he had to stay in the bus to safe a life.


"Out with you! You have taken enough of our time!" The bus driver yelled at Thomas and looked like he was ready to step out of his seat and use force if necessary. Thomas didn't think he had to use the gun on the driver to reach his destination, who would drive the bus in that scenario? And the reason he was in this situation was because of the gun itself. He had to made a split second decision and he decided to step out of the bus onto the bright and burning sun.


"Finally" The driver said in relief as he made himself comfortable on his seat and shook his head. The door closed behind Thomas as he kept taking his hand in and out of the bag to see if the gun was gone, but to his surprise it was still there.


He looked around with his eyes wide open, shaking and wondering what he was supposed to do as sweat dripped from his forehead. Who was threatening his life? Who was he supposed to help? The teenager with his baggy clothes and cigarette burning in hand looked more hostile than he would normally thought. The woman talking with a serious tone on her cellphone walking on  Thomas' direction didn't look that friendly either.


As the woman approached, Thomas steeled himself and grabbed the gun inside the bag until his knuckles turned white.
"It is my life or theirs. I...I have to...It wouldn't be my fault. It would be self-defense! I must ki..."


A loud crash behind Thomas made him release the gun and come back to his sense. He turned around to see the bus he had just stepped off from crashing and falling through the railing of a bridge. A trunk coming from the opposite direction had collided with the bus with such force that had made the bus go through the railing. Thomas stared as the bus continued to free fall to the road below. It only took less than a second, but to Thomas it felt like time had slowed down to a crawl. It wasn't until the the second crash produced by the bus hitting the asphalt below reached Thomas ears that time seemed to go back to its regular speed.


The screeching of breaks filled the atmosphere combined with the gasps and screams of horror that escaped the mouth of the pedestrians around Thomas. But Thomas didn't hear any of it as everything was muted for him, his eyes staring off in the distance as he processed what just had happened, the fate he had avoided mere seconds ago. Thomas reached onto his bag with a slow and shaking hand grabbing something cold. He stopped for a second and then slowly proceeded to take the object out from the bag. His mind completely blank and tuning out the noises around him.


He slowly drank the cold bottle of water as madness and chaos engulfed those around him on that hot and sweaty morning.