They called it The Deal. Humanity as a collective was given a choice by a higher order being known simply as The Worm – embrace The Worm and each human at the age of 18 would be given almost any gift they chose. There was a price of course – there always is. The sum of all human knowledge – religion, science, philosophy, language, would all be given up. Humans would know nothing but the Deal. There is speculation as to what the Worm gains from this. The most common theory is that it is a control experiment of sorts. To re-observe the development of a species but with one different variable. Others say it is some form of cosmic punishment. Still others call it a test of faith. Or perhaps the Worm has a particular sense of humor, no one knows really. The fact remains, after a vote humans collectively accepted and at age 18, every human benefits from the Deal. 
-*Humanity, The Worm, and the Deal*, Year 1202 PD (Post Deal)
***

“No!” I screamed as Jared snatched the book out of my hands. Jared, tall with blond hair and sharp blue eyes gave me an infuriating smile and leafed through the pages. We stood in one of the Pre-Deal cities, crumbling superstructures all around us – wonders of a bygone era. There were hundreds of cities like this one, and we made our homes in them, moving when the ceiling shook a bit too much, or the ground creaked a little too ominously. We were living off the rapidly fading scraps of a world. But I’d build it again. I’d cracked their language – English – it was called. This City according to the old texts was one of the greatest ones even before the Deal. New York City, it was called. 

“What do you see in those scrawlings, Maya?” Jared asked, snapping me out of my reverie.  

*No big deal, they just contain the secrets of the universe.* “I just like the way the look, alright,” I said. “The designs are pretty.” I lunged for the book and suddenly Jared leapt 10 feet in the air to sit on a steel beam sticking out of one of the buildings. 

“Nuh-uh,” he said, wagging his finger at me. “Maya, Maya, Maya, you ought to respect your elders.” 

I ground my teeth. I was turning 18 tomorrow, but the difference between a day less than 18 and 18 was bigger than the difference between 18 and 65. At 18 The Worm appeared to you and granted you the gift of your choice. Idiots like Jared picked flying. Smarter ones picked the ability to control the air. Others controlled blood, or metals. A Metal binder was apparently rebuilding one of the Pre-Deal cities with his powers. Those were the titans of our age. So far. 

I would be the titan among the titans. 

There was sharp pain on my head and I fell down on the hard ground – asphalt, I knew from my studies – and felt for my head to find my book there. I looked up to see Jared shaking his head at me. “Really, Maya, it seems like there is no way to get to you short of hitting you or taking away those pretty designs of yours.” With that he just flew off above the ruined buildings, doubtless looking for some other entertainment. 

I dusted off the book and read the title again, just to make sure I still could – that Jared hadn’t somehow sullied it, and indeed it was still clear. 

*The Fundamentals of Physics, 4th Edition.*

***

I settled down in the place between two collapsed buildings that I made my home. The building had collapsed long before I’d been born and my particular section was decently big, I just had to watch my head when I was in it. It was a small price to pay though, for the benefits it had. No one ever came in here – the building had collapsed already for Worm’s sake, surely it would cave in soon enough. But my particular room was under two support beams. I doubted it would collapse in my lifetime.  

And all the better that no one did, because here were my treasures. Stacks and stacks of books, and still more papers, worked on by me and my mother and her mother before that – efforts to decode the old texts. Work of a thousand years that I’d moved here once mom had died. 

Tonight was the night. I’d turn 18 and finally, *finally*, my family’s plans would come to action. For generations we’d picked the worst superpowers. The Worm demanded specificity. One cannot say “I wish to understand all languages.” You had to say “I wish to be able to speak the Eastern Dialect.” My ancestors had pointed to a letter and said – I want to understand this. Once the letters were done, it was only a matter of going letter by letter to wish for the ability to understand this “English.” Then the ability to pass on complete knowledge to daughters. I held in my head the knowledge of all my ancestors. 

And I was the culmination. 

And those were the thoughts in my head as I fell into sleep. 

***

I opened my eyes to find The Worm. 

The Worm…it was indescribable. Words, English or otherwise, are not enough to capture it. Human sense cannot comprehend it, beyond that it is incomprehensible.

It conveyed. It did not speak of course. I just knew it wanted me to ask. 

It all came to this. The Worm demanded a specific power, and I’d studied for 18 years to make sure I picked the best one. 

“I desire control over the Strong Force.”

It conveyed assent, and, maybe I imagined it, but a hint of respect. 

***

I woke up, not feeling any different. 

For a moment, I feared it was all a dream. That the Worm was a hallucination, and that my life’s work had been for nothing. I should’ve felt…something? I could now control the very building block of matter, but I still felt like…me. Maya. The outcast who was obsessed with pretty designs. 

How exactly was this supposed to work anywho? I pointed to a stack of books and willed the atoms to – 

The book was ripped into shreds. 

I gasped in spite myself. I was on my knees immediately, sifting through it. It had become a fine powder, each particle seemingly identical. What books had that one even been? Something important? 

But it had worked *It had worked.* Everything my family had done, all we’d suffered, all *I’d* suffered, it was worth it. Reality would bend to my will. 

I shook my head. Testing was well and good, but I had to test it on something I didn’t care about. Books were too valuable to waste. I walked outside my room. 

***

Like clockwork, he was there. Jared. Wearing that same asinine smile. “There you are,” he said. 

I nodded.

“So,” he said. “Do I get to see it? What idiotic power you picked? Is it to get a new hobby maybe?”

“Yeah,” I said. “I do have a new hobby.” I willed toward him what I’d willed onto the book, for it to just vanish…nothing happened. Jared stood there, full and whole, not a fine, bloody powder. What?

“What’s the matter, squirrel?” He snickered. “Make a mistake picking your powers or something? Thought of a better one just now?”

No, no, no. It had worked before. What was different? Desperately, I looked to the asphalt under Jared. I wished he would fall, fall into a hole – 

There was a scream and Jared was gone. I ran up to where he was standing and looked down. Sure enough, there was a perfect circle leading about 20 feet down. I wondered if my power worked the other way…

“You fucking bitch!” he half snarled, half cried. “My leg is broken! I’ll fucking – ”

I never did find out what he was going to do. Probably fly out. But he never got the chance. With a wave of my hand, the top of the cylinder sealed itself, his voice cut off. I’d left the cylinder hollow – didn’t want him to die immediately. I wanted him to suffer. 

Sure, the end goal was to make humanity rise again. Didn’t mean I couldn’t have a bit of fun alone the way. 

I walked toward New York City, whistling a merry tune, a spring in my step, deaf to screams of a crippled man with nowhere to fly to. 

***
(minor edits)

If you enjoyed, check out my sub, [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/)
