After running for his life from the undead hordes....who oddly ignore Rigor mortise and sprint. Dave ended up in an old pharmacy, clearly not heading out any time soon. Dave starts looting about seeing if he can find anything useful. 

"The place seems safe" 

Dave says to himself as he happens upon a chocolate bar on the counter. Dave loved chocolate, as his overweight physique accurately depicted. 

After a short time, Dave stumbled upon a note on the ground next to what seems to be a makeshift bed made out of some old clothes. It seems Dave was not the first to take refuge here. 

Dave proceeds to read the note although Dave never really enjoyed reading, his teachers always seemed to make him read aloud in class and the other kids would laugh, Dave had a funny voice, and he was.quite certain the teachers thought it was funny too. Anyhow, moving on. Dave begins to read the letter.   

"As I sit here held up in what seems to be an old pharmacy, already looted, already emptied. With the amount of work and desperation it took for me to get this far....only a couple blocks. I am exhausted, and afraid.  

As I listen to the sound of the dead outside these doors, as I listen to the modern zeplins flying about playing repeat messages of obedience and instruction. As I hear the explosions from what I am assuming are from the invaders.....Who would have thought that they were in cahoots with the governments the whole time. 

I take it all into account. I think of the likelihood of my survival, I think of my friends and family....I watched a house fall on my brother. I watched a zombie get my wife. I can only assume my parents are gone aswel. 

One bullet left, just one left. 

As I sit here in this abandoned pharmacy. I contemplate my future. How far will I make it? Should I just end it? Should I continue? 

I always fantasized about a zombie apocalypse, but the fact that they can sprint full tilt fucking sucks. I always fantasized Aliens were real, sucks they're hostile as well. I'm pretty sure they caused the zombie outbreak. Wouldn't be surprised. 

I'm going to try my luck. If you're reading my rambling. Just know that I didn't give up!!!"

Dave is taken back by this and was surprised to see that the mystery letter depicted such hope in an otherwise terrible situation. Dave relaxes in the makeshift bed assuming all is well. Not noticing that there was more written on the other side.  

Dave awakens to having his face mauled by a zombie. Terrible way to go, but Dave was truthfully not well liked anyway. As he fights off the zombie with a swift hit to the head, he finishes it off with a hard blow to the skull. Knowing his fate is sealed he notices the unread part the letter sitting on the floor. He begins to read

"Yeah....I got 25 feet from this place before being bitten by one of those freaks...I wasted my last bullet, and I missed! I fucking missed. 

If you find this letter before you find me. Please search this place well. I will be in the back office, but the lock is broken, so I can't lock myself in. Please know that by then I will have changed, I will be a threat. 

I'm sorry"

Dave puts down the letter laughs at his own ignorance. Bleeding from his face Dave decides to take out his notepad and do the same as the man before him. But sadly Dave was never much of a writer either. If you must know, Dave never finished school. Thought that working  instead of furthering education would pay off. Sadly it was not the case for Dave. His letter read

"I gOt biT. In OffiCe"

"Good enough" Dave said as he stumbled to the back office. 

Dave....certainly not meant for great things. 










I haven't wrote anything for a decade, I'm also on mobile so forgive any errors.... If you got this far thanks for reading about Dave. 