“W-what do you mean?”  Without giving her a chance to respond, “what’s wrong?” 

Her eyes fixated to the foot, chest moving in small gasps.  I think what really triggers things for my brain, is the fact that she can’t look at me.  There’s not even tears anymore, but the evidence is all over as last night’s mascara sinks and melts into her freckles I’ve traced countless times.  She looks so damn exhausted.  

“Mandy?”  No response, just a defeated slump.  Rain drops pelt the window as today’s first of many in the storm the weatherman promised as being a “doozy”.  

With a quick flurry of motions, Mandy swipes furiously at her eyes.  Mascara dashes sideways in the aftermath, and she finally looks up, forces a smile at me.  Beautiful in her tragedy, God I love this woman dearly.  

“I’m okay darling”. She sniffles.  Wipes at her cheeks again. She snorts a small laugh and stands up.   Reaching out to me, she presses her body against me and hugs me.  The hug was out of desperation.  It was as though it was the last hug she would ever give me, little did I know it was.  Her face feels as though it is on fire as she buries it into my chest.  I can feel her gasping and whimpering.  And the. She just lets go.  She looks up and flashes her trademark ‘Manda Smile, dimples and all. And then walks away. 

That was how my morning began.  From a routine morning of brushing my teeth, to walking in the bedroom to see her crying.  She died later that morning.  A healthy young woman, always an exercise addict.   Yet her heart was nothing of the same.  Massive heart attack that the docs could do nothing to save her.  

It’s ironic.  But sometimes that’s life.  I attempted to help.  Hell, I used my “day” to try to save her multiple times myself.  There was nothing I could have done.  

I poured another jack and coke.  I’ve lost count of how many I’ve gone through since I’ve returned from the hospital after identifying her body for the last time.  Her freckles stood out on her cheeks more prominently, as she laid out on the slab. I traced them one last time in my mind, took another drink of jack, and placed the glass down on the table next to my chair.  I had already decided that I could not live without her, and after seeing that forced smile hundreds of times this morning, I know what she meant by she couldn’t save me.  If she was here, I’d apologize again.  But nothing I could do can change that.  The barrel tip is colder than I expected.  I can taste the oils I’ve used to clean it after I’ve been to the firing ranges.  

Rain pelts the glass.  The city’s lights smear like mascara on a freckled face. Thunder cracks.  