ZIIIIIP!  

A small foam dart peeled in front of Alexandra Braga's face from right to left. She gave a half smile and a kind, askew glance at the six year old who launched it. He must've really cherished that toy, it probably took up a fifth of his family's *tantumlocum*, the personal items bins that were consolidated and crated in the near corner of Bay 2. It had always been her plan to allow the colonists to access their *tantumlocum* three days before landing. They were still a little groggy from stasis, and allowing them to indulge in their hobbies and treasures would occupy their recovering minds better than anxiety would. Alexandra hung a left at the end of the informal foam dart range that her corridor had become and through a secondary corridor to the bridge.  

"Captain Braga, we are approaching orbit. The autopilot tested well and has been working flawlessly. Landing Checklist B has also been completed."  

"Thank you, Lieutenant Conrad. Time to-"  

Alexandra was cut off by a rocking motion that affected the whole ship, followed by an eerie humming.  

"This is Precept Ross of the *Demanumali*. Do not attempt to escape from the escort cable. You have entered our ring system and ignored all previous warnings. Your ship is now a possession of the Mulam." This cryptic message didn't play over the COM, it must have been transmitted via direct sound waves through the cable, and amplified by the ship's hull.  

"What the HELL is-" Alexandra exclaimed, but cut herself short. She normally knew better than to lose her composure in front of the crew, but she had really been taken aback at the message. ANY message. This was an uninhabited planet with mostly plants, algae, and fish. Surely none of those were tethering her ship here in near orbit.  

"Conrad, did you open a COMS channel with the surface?"  

"N-no, captain. It's not an inhabited world. And procedure isn't to scan for radio traffic until we were in orbit."  

"Roger that Lieutenant, it wasn't a criticism. I'm just trying to figure out what the hell is going on here."  

"Right, sir."  

"Well, let's open one now, see if we can't clear this up quickly."  

Conrad was already expertly flipping switches on the panel, and soon he turned to Alexandra and nodded.  

"*Demanumali*, this is Captain Braga of the *Erickson II*. I apologize for-"  

"I'd like to speak to your Captain directly."  

Alexandra started again "This is the captain, I'm Captain Braga-"  

"I won't speak to you through a COMS officer, connect to me Captain Braga directly at once."  

"This IS Captain AlexANDRA Braga." said Alexandra, enunciating certain syllables like she was helping a kindergartner.  

There was a pause this time. "*Erickson II* is apparently being run by females. Notify the boarding party that their job just got easier." Precept Ross muttered to his first officer.  

"Excuse ME, Precept?" Alexandra shot back, incredulous.  

The precept looked down and quickly removed his hand from the COM button. No matter, he was done talking to Alexandra. He turned to his screen, which was filled with a feed from Bay 1, where a large SEAL team stood by to board the Mayflowere II. "The men can work in the mines if they survive, but bring the females back alive at any cost. We need their DNA to see if any of them can help our research in stopping the spread of the Umbra. We probably won't get a chance like this again, so do NOT screw this up."
