I still remember the confused and terrified look on my younger self's face when I walked through the portal and shot my childhood friend in the face. We were 14 years old when we made the pact. The fright was delicious.

My life had been wrought with pain and suffering. My family was like a small cult: physical and sexual abuse was the norm, like a gift passed down from father to son over the course of generations. It didn't help that I wasn't the most attractive boy in the world; both men and women alike rejected me, romantically and platonically. I was alone in this cold, cruel world; that is, until I met my best friend Michael.

He tried to pull me from the depths of my mind, but his efforts were in vain. I was rage personified. Every fiber of my being focused on revenge-not just against my father or my classmates, but against humanity as a whole. I lived for it.

As I grew older, my relationship with Michael became strained. I left for college, focusing on physics, writing my thesis on the time-space continuum. I was fascinated by the idea of time travel, implanted into my mind all those years ago. If I could achieve it, I could destroy the man who destroyed me. I could destroy the world. 

It took years of meticulous study, frustrating trial and error, and copious amounts of hallucinogens before I finally mastered it. I started off slowly at first; ten minutes forward, ten minutes backward. As my confidence grew, so did my leaps through time. I saw the dinosaurs. I witnessed devastating wars, both of the past and of the future. And the more I observed of humanity, the more I came to loathe it. Humans were disgusting, self-centered creatures, and they needed to be eradicated.

I lept centuries into the future, collecting the most advanced weaponry imaginable. I had a plan: I would take over the world, making them all bow to me like the bottom feeders they were. The only thing holding me back was Michael, my friend of decades past. I couldn't simply treat him like everyone else; no, his death needed to be more intimate. He deserved at least that much.

I recalled the pact we made, and then it clicked. I lept back to that fateful moment, the one that changed the course of my life. I saw myself shaking hands with Michael, happy for the only time in my life to have discovered a kindred spirit. I walked toward them, my simple pistol concealed. "Michael," I called to him. Both Michael and my younger self turned around, bewildered. "Your memory made me weak, Michael," I said in a low roar. "It's time for me to grow stronger." 

Their-our-fear was palpable. I could feel its energy engulfing me, I could taste their horror. I reveled in it. This would be the moment I would sever all ties to humanity. I chuckled softly as I shot my only friend in the face. The bullet entered his eye and left the back of his head-and punctured my younger self's skull. 

"NOOOO!" I roared as I felt the life drain from within me. I knew I had made a fatal mistake. I had planned everything so carefully; how was this happening to me? The world grew cold and dark as I slipped into the abyss, angry that I could never inflict upon the world the pain it had caused me.

My last thought before my soul, if such a thing exists, left my body, was of my father. A lifetime of abuse, unrequited and unresolved, flashed before my eyes. I cried out in desperation, refusing to admit that this disgusting world would go unpunished. And then the world went black.