(Go easy, it's my first response to a prompt.  I don't often write.  Not to say don't criticize - absolutely do, but try and be constructive if you can.)

My name is Caleb, and I have a story to tell.  It meanders at times, but that's because it's a true story, and truth rarely follows a straight line.  This is a story of history.  How Earth rose from tribes of squabbling monkeys, and how the Eastern United Soviet Tribes became the dominant power in the galaxy.

It's also the story of how the most powerful man in the galaxy found love.  It's a long story, but a short story in its essentials.  I could tell the first story without the second, but I choose not tell them separately.  

In the beginning, it was just a bunch of squabbling nations, clawing for resources, struggling to remain relevant in the face of the greatest treasure of all.  FTL made galactic harvesting of wealth a possibility.  Space, asteroids, planets, solar systems of wealth.  But we were too busy fighting to keep in the lead to actually make it out of the solar system.

The beginning of Earth's Great Peace began when the Empire of New Zealand fired an anti-satellite weapon at the space elevator that the Territorial Authority of the Philippines was building.  Almost four thousand miles of elevator came down into the ocean, with the force of a four-thousand mile long meteor.  

The tsunami was obviously horrible, but the interference pattern in the waves, caused by the interaction between the start of the impact and the end of the impact meant that the tsunami hit more like shrapnel than a more diffuse concussion, crushing certain places completely. Worst of all, as the impact crossed the ocean, it pushed a wave front ahead of it, constantly building with the continuous impact travelling behind it.   The east coast of North and South America took 150 years to recover.  Chile and Panama are footnotes of history.

From that tragedy, our galaxy and our world was organized.  Our solar system still belongs to all mankind, according to the old treaties, with the United Nations Colonial Authority.  We encased the solar system in a sphere, divided like the slices of an orange along the galactic plane, to organize possession of our immediate galactic vicinity.  And out we spread, in regions defined by those slices.  There were skirmishes along the lines, but never outright war.  It would have happened eventually.

We met some other species, too.  They were usually isolated in one or two systems.  Some dealt with them economically, like Conquistadors dealing with Indians, giving them terms to agree to while we enjoyed overwhelming advantage.  Some also dealt with them like conquistadors - they conquered and enslaved.  We never considered that they might be abiding by treaties, limiting their expansions.  We thought life was an isolated and sporadic thing, that nobody had the ambition that we did.  Those beliefs changed.  

A pinpoint laser communication to each flagship, an invitation to a grand, galaxy-wide negotiation.  We all received it at once, despite the different distances from the source.  That was our first hint that the galaxy was a more ordered place than we thought.  None dared refuse the opportunity to be represented in something that might decide so much.

We entered together, the leaders of each of our faction.  Were it not for the American Prime Minister, we might have all been killed.  Most drew their sidearms - myself included, I admit - but this gentle savage pleaded for understanding when the guards aimed their weapons. The leader of the Council's voice boomed out, without need for amplification. "Why? The first thing you do is flout our every request - to come to our table alone, unarmed.  But nineteen have not come to the table at all.  If we do not pardon your transgressions, this whole exercise is wasted."

The whole exercise was wasted.  We spent half the meeting explaining our history, how expansionists could share a planet.  It took hours just for them to believe that twenty galactic powers came to the table.  The other half was wasted arguing whether we had to designate home worlds in each Extrasolar Territory so that we would fit into their political structure, or whether we had to pick one person to speak for us all.  A home world gets one representative.  Not one of us could speak on behalf of Earth, and no two of us could agree on anything if we did.  But who would give up that blue jewel as their home world?

Most humans went back to their fleet between meetings, but I went to sample some of the local cuisine.  Some was disgusting, some was strange, but good.  One dish, a kind fish that swum in dense atmosphere, was so good I could never eat it again.  The high that resulted was dangerous.  I steeled myself and pushed the plate away.  I could all too easily become a junkie if I kept eating that.

Then she sat next to me.  3-foot-four, blue eyes with no sclera, pale brown fur, whiskers under her ears.  "Me and my girlfriends are having a bet.  We heard that the Conquering Empires--"

"That's what you call us?"

"Yeah.  That the Conquering Empires are one species that can share one world.  It's ridiculous.  How can anyone be so expansionist and then share a home world?  We say the rumors are excrement." (Yeah, blame my translator.  Military models don't distinguish between actual shit, and cussing.)  "But you're one of them, right?  You're a kyumen."

"Human."

"Yes!  That!  You're one of them.  What's the truth?"

"I'm human.  I lead the fleet of the Eastern United Soviet Tribes.  Another human rules the Liberated Irish Netocracy.  Another human rules the Republic of Finland.  I could go on, but we all call Earth home, and none rules the other."

"But that's ridiculous!  How do you represent yourselves on the council?"  

I laughed, at this. "We wasted our entire first meeting having this exact conversation.  We still don't know.  What's your name?"

"In speech, I identify myself as First of the Kiint.  We're trying to get represented on the council, but my world is not independent enough.  We'll have to push an enemy offworld, because we have to control a home world to be represented.  We can't get help securing our world without being represented.  We can't keep the H^3 mines long.  When we lose those, we'll lose the world."

H^3 was clean fusion fuel, almost every fleet using FTL lived and died by its supply.  The gears began turning.  Alliances and counterstrategies, needs and capabilities. "Show it to me on a map."  

She pulled out an interface, or something like it.  it projected a map onto the table and she began pointing things out.  Her world, the enemy's world, the strongholds in space, supply routes.  I looked at her, and she looked back, but I could sense the tension.  She wasn't a fool.  She knew I was seeking to turn her situation to my advantage, and she was gambling that it would be to her advantage, too.

"According to the treaties of Earth, this space isn't mine to conduct operations in.  I can't help directly."

"You . . . you were serious about that?  You can't really share--"

"What I could do, is conduct some trade with favorable terms, if you can send a trade ship out this far."  I made a mark on the map, from the projection of my own interface.  "I have mining operations here, and I can . . . discard rubble.  Nothing specifies what direction or how fast.  If I discard it in the direction of these installations at near-C, it will give you a chance to attack with new weapons, and they won't have reinforcements.  Even a short span without them on your world will give you representation to ask for reinforcements."

We spent a long few hours making plans. She introduced me to the other Kiint, the 'girlfriends' she was talking about.  Experts and advisors, all.  Later I asked her to introduce me to some other representatives, particularly in and around Soviet Tribal Space.  My people came to find me after a couple of days, and I sent them away with orders and plans to transmit.  

A month later I still hadn't left.  There were new possibilities, new plans, new alliances.  Once, negotiators had to travel from place to place, but here I could negotiate with enemies and allies all through my territory without getting out of my chair.  I stopped working out, and gained weight.  I got more practiced at negotiation, so much so that my advisors in diplomacy couldn't keep up.

The tipping point, the action that brought us to power, was when our Kiint allies in Zealand Space passed along a spy's information.  New Zealand space included a number of Galactic Council headquarters, and they intended to eliminate Council influence from their space.  That one piece of intel secured Soviet representation of Earth on the Council.  

We were suddenly the adults of earth.  Among squabbling, fighting children, the galaxy singled us out as the faction that could guide the others into adulthood.  The Earth is still a shared territory, but the Earth is no longer really our home, even if it is our recognized home world.  Now the entire galaxy is our home. 

This is what it really took, after all.  Most men considered their patch of dirt to be home, and everything obtained in space was to enrich that patch of dirt.  We Soviet Tribesmen were the ones who considered all the galaxy our home.  We invested in enriching the galaxy.  

First of Kiint is now First of Caleb.  She's been living with me for sixteen years, now.  We aren't . . . compatible, in some ways, but she's got a remarkably beautiful and nimble mind, and an enchanting laugh.  I couldn't imagine spending my life with anybody else, and she seems to feel the same, so we find . . . nontraditional methods.  In a way, it's like the Galactic Council itself - it's a strange partnership, but fulfilling.