It really was an accident. Frannie, my dwarf rabbit, was sitting peacefully on my lap, when all of the sudden, a large truck drove by outside and startled her. She jumped off my lap, head first into my parents' coffee table. She landed motionless on the living room floor.

I didn't know what to do. Was she knocked out? Sleeping? She wasn't moving, so I did what any other normal 8 year old kid would do. I picked he up, put her back in her cage, and went outside to play. Later, that evening, my mom was tucking me in bed and she asked me, "Do you know what happened to Frannie?"

I looked at her with a confused look in my eyes and said, "I don't know, Mom. She jumped off of my lap and hit her head on the table. She just stopped moving."

My mom sat there quietly for a moment and then looked at me and said, "It's okay, sweetie." She tucked me into bed, kissed me on the forehead and said goodnight.

It seemed so innocuous at the time. I was 8 years old and never had heard of "death". My parents sheltered me from a lot of what was going on in the world, but every so often I'd hear bits and pieces on the news, or from my grandparents -- how the population was out of control. It was supposed to peak at 9.4 billion people and then start to decline, but something happened before I was born, and people just didn't go away. Ever.

There were rumors that some doctor had sold [his immortality research to the devil](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/99ph2b/wp_youre_a_biologist_who_made_a_deal_with_the/e4psyff) and that's why death went away -- some had said we were left behind from the 2nd coming of Jesus. At this point, most people had just accepted that there was no death, and the world was grappling with all of the issues that come along with people not dying. I can't really blame my parents for trying to shelter me.

My mom wasn't a gossip, but she was friends with women who were. Somehow word had gotten out about me killing Frannie. This was disturbing on several levels. For starters, I didn't kill her. It was an accident. Secondly, I don't know how she died. Death wasn't a thing. But what really bothered me were all the requests that started to come in to *kill other people*.

Just because death went away didn't mean disease did. In fact, thanks to the large [anti-vax](https://www.reddit.com/r/vaxxhappened/) movement that took off in the late 2030's, a large amount of diseases made a resurgence.

There were people living in pain and agony who couldn't stop, well, living. Even though they were really just existing. The earth had become a pretty ugly place.

\--

My mom said I could help people. My dad wanted nothing to do with it, but did agree that people were suffering, and if I could help them it wouldn't be a bad thing. My mom said I should start with people I didn't know because it would be easier on me. Really, I think she was thinking it would be easier on her. I didn't know any different, so I took her advice.

We reached out to about 8 people who had called or messaged us and set up an appointment to meet with them. We listened to their stories, and tried to find the most, um, qualified candidate to start with.

We eventually settled on Darren. He had been born in 1985 and was now 85 years old. Compared to some of the people around, he was about middle age. Darren had fought in Operation Iraqi Freedom, and his platoon was ambushed during the night. While trying to escape, they drove over on IED, killing 3 of his friends and blowing off both of Darren's legs. He had managed to live a meager life after he came home, but he had been plagued with numerous health problems and constant aches and pains since the accident. He never married, and had lost contact with most of his family. He was ready to be done with life.

I wanted to help him, but I didn't really know what to do. I wasn't a violent person, and "killing" and "death" hadn't been around for over 50 years. My dad, who was still hesitant in being involved, said we should make his death as painless and as quick as possible. We had a gun, but Dad was afraid of all the noise and commotion it would make. So we decided a knife would be our second best bet.

We talked it over with Darren and he agreed. He asked to be blindfolded so that he wouldn't have to watch -- and then I would stab him in the chest with my dad's knife.

I remember looking nervously at my mom, but she gave me a nod of approval. We asked Darren if he had any last words, or things he wanted to be remembered by, but he was silent. My mom gently tied a handkerchief around Darren's eyes, and my dad handed me his knife.

"Goodbye Darren," I said softly. Then, I plunged the knife directly into his chest.

Darren winced slightly, but nothing happened.

I pulled the knife out, but still, no blood came gushing out. "Is he dead?" I asked my parents. They looked at me, confused.

"No sweetie," my mom shook her head. "He's still here."

\--

This happened at least a dozen more times. People would beg for me to kill them, but no matter what method I tried, they simply wouldn't die.

I kind of felt like a failure. A letdown. I thought I'd be able to help people, but I guess Frannie's death was just a fluke.

Eventually, the calls stopped and people quit asking for my help.

It was kind of a relief, to be honest.

\--

A few years later, my parents had some of my family over for dinner. After we got done eating, we were making our way to the family room to continue the conversation. My grandpa grabbed his cane and began hobbling his way to his favorite armchair -- but what he didn't see were the slippers that were lying in front of him on the living room floor.

He tripped and fell forward, catching his head on the corner of the coffee table.

"Grandpa!" I shouted, as he lay motionless on the living room floor...

edit: spelling/grammar