The soft tones of the ancient wind instrument trailed off as the Lord of Hell finally acknowledged my presence in his domain

“You…play the harmonica?” I asked, still trying to wrap my head around the features that now surrounded me. 

He set his harmonica down on a nearby table that was formed out of pumice, and had small trails of lava pouring out of holes in the sides quite artistically. He adjusted his position on the stool he sat upon to regard me, his amber eyes seeming to pierce right through to my soul…if I still had one.

“Indeed. This particular specimen is one of the first mass-produced examples of the modern day instrument you may be familiar with. I took it from the inventor as he came through my doors. “ Satan paused for a moment, “He left it to me when he decided to ascend, it was quite unfortunate that such a gracious man ended up in my custody.” He stood up and walked over to me, placing his hand upon my shoulder . Standing over 7 feet tall and powerfully built, he was as physically imposing a figure as one would imagine the keeper of the underworld to be. “You’re free to ascend as well, human. A new judgement was passed some time ago, no longer is anyone to be enslaved against their will.” 

I took a step back from him, looking down I reflected on the events that brought me here. “I know. Saint Peter informed me that I was eligible for entry into heaven. I chose this place instead.” 

With a curious grunt, Lucifer turned around and approached a void in the wall. He waved his hand across it and, like a hologram, key events in my life flashed across the space. Scenes of battle and lust, bigotry and slander streamed endlessly like a video loop until he cast it away. He didn’t even turn to address me, “You seem to have committed no atrocities, no war crimes. A few petty misdeeds, and certainly things that would have led to your disgrace under the old system, but far from the worst I’ve seen.”  

I shook my head softly in agreement. 

“So,” Another pause as he turned to face me again, “What lead you to choose this place? You have no family down here, no friends, no lovers. They’re up there, “ he pointed towards the roof of the chamber we were in, “enjoying themselves. Awaiting you.” Another pause, and then softer, “Everyone’s up there nowadays.” 

It was at this time that I could finally regard him directly, “And when I was hungry, cold, and alone…I remember what that felt like. They never helped me, instead I was saved by a very kind man who had never known me before. He said that I should do the same thing whenever I was given the opportunity, but I never was able to do so. Until now.” 

The Devil’s gaze softened, and he sat down on the same stool that I had encountered him on. He motioned me to join him on a similar one. “It’s been a long time since I was enjoyed for my company. Tell me, what would you like to do?” 

Sitting next to him, I only had one request: “Tell me your story, from your side of things.” 