There wasn't even a single spot that wasn't sweaty. I had a feeling like I was about to puke. My legs were screaming and refused to cooperate. And there were occasional shouts behind me.

"She's somewhere close, find her!"

My only mission was to run away from those sounds. But no matter how long or how far I ran, these shouts stayed behind me. It felt like they were haunting me. Whenever a dragon flew over, I had to stop below the trees for a moment.

A long time ago, those beings were magnificent and feared. But as time passed, humans managed to domesticate any animal or being. And now I wasn't running from the dragons, but humans who controlled or used them.

"There she is! Get her!" someone shouted. I could hear many four-legged dragons running towards me. I could hear that small spark from afar and how something approached me. An almost deafening sound hit my ears, as a fireball hit the closest tree, breaking it completely and setting it on fire.

I stumbled, falling on my knees, face hitting the grass. I crawled forward, grabbing the nearby stone, leaning against it. I pushed my hands on my ears as I forcibly kept my eyes closed. It was all too loud, and it was full of smoke.

"Stop it, leave me alone, go away," I cried, pushing now my head against the stone. I was expecting it at any moment; one of the dragons would come, bite me and drag me back.

*Perhaps it's for the best. I don't want to live in a world where dragons are enslaved like that,* I thought. Yes, I had tried to free the dragons and got caught.

"Halt. You. Get back here," a shout came from afar, directed at me. I was in shivers, crying, ignoring it.

But that's when I felt it. The rock moved, but not a lot.

"Why don't you come and get her?" a loud deep voice responded above me. And it wasn't just the stone that I felt moving, but it was all around me.

I could hear dragons making different sounds afar, but those sounds weren't their usual. I knew those sounds. I grew up taking care of dragons. So, I knew that sound was when a dragon was frightened. A sound of fear.

I let my hands fall aside and finally looked up, above. And there it was. A massive black dragon, largest that I have ever seen. As I looked over my shoulder, every single men and dragon were frozen, forgetting about me altogether.

The dragon's tails began to circle me, but not touching me. It was as the dragon made sure I was safe.

"I only had a nap, and that's what happens?" the dragon said, chuckling.

"That's impossible, they should be all dead. It's impossible! We killed all of them!"

"Killed?" the dragon said, moving his face towards the man. "I always knew you humans were going to be a pain in the ass if not controlled," he said, looking at different weaponized dragons. "And I guess I was right."

His stare finally moved down at me. "You, what's your name?" the dragon asked. A shiver went through me, immediately. "S-S-Sarah," I muttered.

"Well, Sarah. You should hang on, you're going to fly with me and give me a history lesson," he said. The tail went around me and carried me on his back.

"Aren't you an old dragon?" I asked as he put me gently down. But instead of an answer, he stretched his wings, making dust, dirt, and stones hit everyone around him. Many humans fell back, while others had to grab something. Most dragons were running away, not listening to their master's commands.

A quick swing and it was flying. I had to put in all my effort to stay still and not fall.

"That's rude to ask someone's age, is it not?" the dragon muttered.

"They say that legendary dragons are like nuclear bombs," I shouted.

"No need to shout. I'm not a legendary dragon. I'm better, a legendary ancient one," he said, laughing and began to slowly drift away. "And I don't know what the nuclear bomb is."

"What can you do?" I asked.

"Well. That depends on the history lesson you're soon going to give me. I'll decide after that if I'll destroy it or not."

"It?"

"The world, of course," the dragon said.

(/r/Elven - My writing collection place)