He blinked.

The sign said "To enter you must confront the person you hurt the most."

His mind spun, searching the deepest cracks of his brain--wait, his mind, wait, what was he now?

'Who have I hurt?'

His mother came to mind. All the heartache and worry he caused her in his younger years.

His ex came to mind. All the times they fought and broke each other's hearts.

His teachers came to mind. All the times he disrupted class and gave snarky retorts to all their attempts to help him.

His coworkers came to mind. All the times he belittled them and caused more work for them.

His children came to mind. All the times he punished them because he didn't know how to communicate with them and how they didn't know what love was because he didn't know what love was.

He would have been there for all eternity had a door not opened--wait, where did that door come from?

The man who stepped through was absolutely gorgeous. But it wasn't just his physical appearance--wait, was he even physical?--it was the expression on his face. The most serene expression, like he had gone through all hell and beaten it like a video game and gotten the high score. Like he had convinced everyone that everything was going to be ok, that everyone had believed him, and that he had been right. 'He must be an angel,' he thought, but even then he felt as though it would be an insult.

"Hello," said the man, smiling the smile of a father watching his child take his first steps.

"H-hi. Are... are you the person I hurt the most?"

"Of course I am."

"But... who are you? How did I... how did I hurt you?"

"Well. Quite a few ways. How should we start?"

"Did I... physically hurt you?"

"Ah. Not often. You did starve me sometimes; you convinced me I was too fat. But I did start working out once and people made fun of me. You agreed with them and convinced me I should never go back to the gym."

"I... did?"

"Of course you did."

"Did I ever make fun of you?"

"Oh yes. I was going to be a great singer and you convinced me that I was terrible and that everyone hated my singing, so I stopped."

"I-"

"I also loved to dance, and you convinced me that I was awkward and that I should never dance in public."

"But-"

"I was smart, too, and you convinced me that I was pretentious and that I tried too hard, so I stopped trying in school."

"Wait just a-"

"I had crooked teeth and a lot of acne. I had a bad haircut, and you convinced me that I was too ugly for love."

"But you're not-"

"I think it's my turn to talk."

And the man who had found himself in front of a sign fell absolutely silent.

"Where was I? Ah. Everyone said I was gay and you tried to convince me that I might be. I knew I wasn't but I couldn't believe you. It's not even an insult, you homophobes! And I was in love with a girl and you convinced me that I would never be good enough for her. That I wasn't smart enough, handsome enough, nice enough. You did the same thing with my ex, that's why we broke up. Because I believed you. I blamed it on the distance but the truth is, you did convince me that I wasn't good enough. I broke her heart because of you."

"Please. No more."

"Oh but there's so much more. I was going to tell the love of my life that I loved her. You lied to me. You told me I was crazy. You told me she was married. You told me she hated me. You told me she was violent. You told me she would cheat on me. You even told me that I would cheat on her. You told me I couldn't provide for her. You told me she would get bored of me. You kept on telling me that I wasn't smart enough to keep up with her."

"But I don't-"

"I was going to drive to her, and I don't know how you did it, but you convinced me not to and I regretted that for the rest of my life."

"Please," he pleaded, "who are you?"

And a name tag materialized (wait--ah fuck it, it doesn't matter) on the beautiful man and he fell to his knees with his head in his hands and the springs in his bed bounced.