The last thing Jim remembered was going to bed early so that he would be well-slept for his final the next day.  Now . . . he was underwater.  Jim blinked, brain spinning in circles trying to understand the surroundings.  The water was a little murky but still clear enough to see a decent distance.  There wasn't that much to see though, aside from the sandy bottom and a scattering of rocks.  Looking up, the surface was bright.  Sunlight bending with the motion of the current.  Then the question hit him, why wasn't he rising to the surface?  The answer was easily found when Jim looked down and saw his left leg shackled to a rope that was attached to a large weight on the other end.

"Good morning Jim."  A familiar voice said from within his ear.

"Professor Clemmons?  What . . . is going on?" Jim replied, looking around frantically to locate where his professor was.

"This is your final, Jim.  The board of directors found that the traditional method of taking a written final wasn't working for your generation so they've been exploring new ideas.  They came up with the idea of in-field tests where you can show us what you have learned.  As I'm sure you have already figured out, you are underwater.  Your leg is attached to a weight that is holding you down until activate the release on the shackle.  Don't worry though, you are wearing a full wetsuit with a mask and oxygen tank so you are completely safe.  There is also a camera attached to your mask so I can see exactly what you see.  In a couple seconds I will drop a box filled with all the essential items you will need for your test, watch out so it doesn't hit you on the head."

Jim looked up again and saw a dark object on the surface that he hadn't seen before, he decided it must be a boat.  Then another much smaller object entered the water next to the boat and started descending towards him.  Jim swam to the left a little to make sure that he was out of the way.  The object, a box not much larger than a suitcase, landed below him causing a cloud of sand to expand in the water around it.  After it had settled a little Jim swam down to the box.  Undoing the two latches on either side he lifted the cover off the box, revealing the contents to him.  Inside, at various lengths and widths, were a bunch of wood reeds, leather straps, thread, and fabric.
 
Professor Clemmons' voice sounded in Jim's ear again. "You have one hour to weave the perfect basket, and when you have completed I will release your leg.  Go!"

