The weight of both the headset and his arms was too much to bear. The strength in his arms gave out and they fell limply onto his inclined chest with a wet thud. He gasped great big breaths of the acrid air and attempted to get his bearings. 

Where was he? 

Just a moment ago he'd been chatting it up with Trixie and Donovan, the conversation flowing between the latest celebrity gossip and how effortlessly glamorous they all were; but now this. 

What was wrong with his body? 

It took several minutes for his eyes to adjust to the heavy gloom. As his nostrils acclimated to the stifling tang of old sweat and burnt electronics so did his eyes finally allow him to take in his foreign surroundings. 

His limbs were not his own. Instead of the bronzed, well defined and holo-tat adorned arms he'd expected to possess, these were ghastly and ineffectual things. They were thin and feeble. Their translucently pale skin hung loosely on a skeletal frame; a sickly spiderweb of blue veins on white draped haphazardly over bone. In lieu of the broad and firm chest he anticipated, he found damp rolls of gelatinous flesh being pulled to either side by what felt like ten times normal gravity. The effort of lifting his head became too much and he collapsed back onto the damp cushion beneath his head.   

Turning his head to the side, he could see that he was reclining on a seat raised off the ground. To his horror he could see roaches scurry in the darkness around him. They flitting from disused food container to empty pizza box, hiding in a jumble of cables snaking to a large server stack in the corner, looming dark and silent. Trixie and Donovan were not going to believe this. 

With great effort he rolled himself over and attempted to stand, his back peeling away from the seat with a slick suction that left a pungent odor in the already dank air. He became lightheaded with the effort and dizzily tilted forward. He attempted to stop himself with his leg, but it seemed to weigh a ton and was unable to support his bodies weight, so instead he came crashing down to the filthy floor where everything went black. 

---

He dreamed of sunbathing on a white sand beach with Trixie. It was a place where everything was pleasure. Every drink, ambrosia. Every feeling, joy. Something was wrong though, this was a place where pain and suffering were not allowed and he hurt. He reached his perfect hand to his chiseled face and it came away bloody. 

---

He woke up. 

The fall must have broken his nose, it was swollen and thickly crusted with blood, he breathed a ragged breath through his mouth and realized one of his teeth had split his upper lip as well. The pain was unbelievable, he'd never experienced its like. He'd never even be able to describe it to Trixie and Donovan. There simply wasn't context for the sensation. 

There was only one source of light he could see in the whole area and so he slowly began to drag himself towards it. The effort was an agonizing and painstaking process, his muscles and connective tissues straining and protesting against the struggle. It took him fifteen full minutes to cover the twenty feet to the light. Crawling out of the living room, passing a filthy kitchen and down a hall to what proved to be the mail slot on an apartment door. 

He didn't recognize the name on the stack of envelopes piled on the floor and jammed into the slot. Who was David Johnson? He was Jack "Danger" Phoenix; supermodel, daredevil and explorer. He scanned through the mail, pulling the envelopes close to his face one at a time in the thin beam of light emanating from the mail slot. 

The pile was filled with months of unopened mail. Past due. Past due. Final notice. Utility shut-off. Account overdrawn. Divorce papers.

This last one sparked something painful and hidden in the pit of his stomach, he tossed the envelope aside and quickly tamped the feeling down. He forced his mind to wander into a memory about the last windsurfing trip with Trixie and Donovan. He remembered how much they laughed that evening when the champagne flowed like water and the sunset lasted for hours. Girding his mind with these blissful thoughts he began the crawl back to the headset. 

The return trip took him even longer, his body burned out with the exertion. His muscles ached with liquid fire and his joints all screamed in a chorus of pain by the time he made it back to the seat. There was no way he'd be able to find the strength to climb back up there in his current state. He instead feebly flopped his thin arm onto the chair until he caught the headset cable and dragged it down onto the floor with him. After a moment he summoned a final herculean effort and managed to to get the device situated on his head. His long ratty hair tangled in the straps and the cables but he could no longer summon the effort required to adjust it.

"Please turn on," The man rasped, his voice sandpaper on gravel. 
"Please?" he pleaded, louder now with an edge of manic desperation. 

Utterly alone, he wept in the darkness. 

---

r/wordeater  