  Once upon a time, on the planet where out ancestors came from, there was an ancient war that was a bit different than the ones we learned about the era of old flesh. It never asked for blood in its name nor does it required the suffering of others. In fact, it was a war of words. 

  It all begins in a realm too ancient to be reached with our current technology, where a human man, climbed all the way up to his throne by bringing joy to his followers over many years of hard work. Despite only limited to primitive cuboidal devices that was commonly used at the time period, he ruled supreme for many Solar cycles undefeated. Throughout his reign, many legends had sprouted about his successes and his failures that could be pointed to the limitations of the primitive human brain. Well, this tale is not about his mistakes, you can download those into your consciousness from the archives New Library of Alexandria later. This tale is about his triumph over a enemy much bigger and stronger than him, just like the ancient story of David vs Goliath.

  During the 5th Solar cycle of his reign, a new challenger had come to challenged the king's right to his throne. Whispers start of spread among the populace, wondering if the challenger will finally replace the king. It had more sentient workers than the king and it could provide more to its followers than the king ever could. It was like the AIs that was built during the Silicon Age, efficiently providing anything but their heart. It also had a strong influence in the physical realm long before the king even stepped his foot in the virtual one. Because of this, when it finally decides to test its strength in the king's land, it grew in power so fast that it caught the king off guard. He couldn't possibly defeat this obstacle alone.

  Thus, came the commanders and the army who came to the king's side to make sure he wouldn't fall from his throne without a fight. The king's army consists of humans from the entire Earth who voluntarily supports the king in this war despite the limitations of their surprisingly young age. Meanwhile, the commanders consists of other influential humans from across the land who used their power to strengthen the army, using their name to bring in more soldiers to support the cause. Some of them even brought the fight into the physical realm using their own currency and time. One commander was noted to challenge the authority of the realm in which the war is mainly conducted. You see, the king wasn't the actual authority of the realm despite being referred to as the king. He was declared a king by the people since he's much more favorable compared to the real authority of the platform who had long betrayed the people in favor for others who could fulfill their greed like the wealthy enemy of the throne. 

  If the king lose the war, this authority won't just stop at ignoring the people, they would soon actively push them down to give way for rich clients to control the realm instead. The realm would never be like how it was before, a land for the people to express themselves freely using the tools it provides. No one wants to move to another realm because their home provides the best tools compared to other similar realms. During that period, that particular realm was also considered the central hub of entertainment for most of humanity. Instead of making a risky leap to other realms or watching their home crumble to dust, the people decides to choose another path instead, making sure the king wins the war.

  With growing armada at his side, the king had gained enough influence and power to stay on his throne for just a little longer. When the war did not end quickly with the king's immediate fall from the throne, his... more regular enemies came closing in, preying on his growing name to defile it. They twisted the story of the war and told an uglier tale instead, despite having the responsibility to do the opposite. They use their large influence to deter new supporters away from the king to weaken him and his army. In the era of old flesh, they plague society by targeting humans' fragile emotions and grew powerful due to the lack of neurological and mechanical engineering that could have prevented humans' from being deceived by their bad journalism.

  Remember what I said about this being a war of words, not weapons? The main weapon the king's army had used throughout the war is one simple phrase, "Subscribe to Pewdiepie". They went far and wide, using their huge numbers to spread the king's name to keep Pewdiepie on the throne of the digital realm of Youtube. The enemy, T-Series could only watch as the 9 year old army helped the king to reach 10,000,000 subscribers on the year 2019, when the war officially reached its end. The commanders like Mr. Beast. JaidenAnimations, Markiplier and many more was rewarded by their own rise of subscribers who appreciate the help they provided for the war. Meanwhile, the biased journalists didn't gave up and instead continue using Pewdiepie's new surge popularity to shame him for every little mistake he made until they eventually found the next prey to feed on. In the end, Pewdiepie still won the war and showed that Youtube is still a place for the people, not the corporations.