Billy was a bright young chap, but not so bright that he was black-haired. He was a darker-brown-hair-than-most-but-not-all kind of guy, perfectly respectable, not intimidating.

One day, much to his surprise, Billy got laid off from work. A couple of weeks of moping around in the house and doing nothing ensued, but eventually he decided to pull himself together. He started by cleaning. While he was scrubbing the floors, he accidentally spilled some bleach on his head. After carefully washing it out, he realized his hair had become a shade lighter: he'd gotten a blonde strand. 

At first he was embarrassed. Then it dawned on him, and he promptly covered his hair in bleach, and washed it out. Solid blonde. He bleached it again. Lighter yet. After a few more cycles, he'd gone to platinum blonde and beyond: his hair was white as snow. 

He walked outside. Neighbors gave him odd looks. He got into his car, and a passer-by yelled "are you sure you should be driving?" Billy's plan worked: the rest of the world perceived him as a complete imbecile, perhaps the dumbest man alive. He applied for all possible disability grants, needing only to point to his head as evidence of being totally unfit to take care of himself. He even went on TV, marketing himself as the dumbest man on the planet. It was easy to keep up the act; he didn't even have to talk. He could be drunk in public, and nobody could tell! 

Life for Billy was great at first, but the novelty wore off. The fame became less appealing when Billy realized that all his "fans" looked down on him. There was little he could do about this without coming out as a liar, an idea which gave Billy great anxiety. Similarly, Billy was unable to enjoy his gained material wealth in any meaningful way that wouldn't blow his cover.  The terrible secret that he was hiding confined him to loneliness. He thought he was a smart man pretending to be a great fool, but it gradually dawned on him that he was not smart enough to extricate himself from his life-consuming act. Billy had unwittingly, through a lack of foresight, committed an inescapable folly. Every day he dyed his hair white, and so he couldn't see the effect his great mistake was having: his real, natural hair color slowly got lighter, month by month... 