I start swearing quietly under my breath in Chinese. Why did I even have to take Spanish 401? I was already fluent in Chinese, but apparently that didn't fly as a second language credit when you lived in Texas.

Go figure.

I only marginally passed my last Spanish class, because the teacher was nice and I could memorize how to conjugate for the tests. However, aside from my colors, how to count to 100, and basic phrases like 'where is the library'; I've got nothing.

So now I've got a note I can barely read, and 1,000 pesos. 

I've not read up on the exchange rate recently (if at all) but my gut instinct told me the amount translated to something less than $100 American.

In the distance I hear two men bickering as they walk up the road, one obviously frustrated by something on his phone.

Both men come into view, and they seem nice enough. I approached them and asked them where  the library was, maybe I could find a English to Spanish dictionary or something.

The shorter man with the phone looks at me funny, and says, "Are— You are American? Speak English?"

"Yes, I speak English... no hablá Español."
"Ah, Sí.—" he then said something in Spanish to his friend who made a so-so gesture with his hand as he replied.

The taller man turned to me, "My English is... bad, can fix phone?"

I tilt my head, and hold out my hand as the shorter man hands me his phone. Immediately I understand what the problem was, the phones' setting had somehow been switched to English and the phone was deep in the wrong part of the settings menu.

I corrected the phones' settings back to Spanish, demonstrating the steps to both men. They both cheer a little at seeing the phone fixed back to where they could read it.

"Gracias Señorita, mucho gracias."

"De nada?" Say as they both smiled at me, they gestured me to follow as they both said something about their 'casa', as far as I could determine they were inviting me to go to their house nearby.

I cautiously agreed to follow them. 

-------

After about an hour of hand gestures and a lot of help with Google Translate I had thoroughly explained my plight to them, and had used an international phone card to call my parents back in Texas.

I tried to give Edwardo (the shorter man who had the cellphone) the pesos in hopes of repaying them- but he refused payment. 

One of his kids, acting as a translator, said "He's saying that money is evidence of what you say happened to you— the police should have it."

I agree, and tell him I still want to at least pay back the card later with my own money. However Edwardo shook his head at the idea. He and Richie (the taller man) both said that they believed in being kind to strangers in need.

I vow that I'll pay it forward, saying that I would find someone else who needed my help and help them... Once I finally manage to get home, and have the police give Señor Newcomb his just deserts for kidnapping me and illegally smuggling me across a national border.

-End