**American History 20XX** 

I did it - I made the wall, well, I suggested the wall to the emperor, gave it the proverbial thumbs up, ordered myself a hundred thousand times over to make the wall, tried to attack the wall and couldn't really get around it, then kinda got around it using the Juyongguan Pass - don't ask me why I named it that I was put on the spot and just had to go with it. Then kinda did the rest of the thousands of years and built from that, I was rich, I was poor... everything kinda flowed from there. Don't ask me why I called myself Ming I think I just remember the name. 

The thing about this Time Travel is you start to worry... you remember the stuff they taught you when you were young and you're like "Well there's no great wall now... but I'm 99% sure there should be any time soon." You wait and you see no wall, so you get around to building it yourself I guess. 

But now the litmus test. A thousand iteration later, I am an American around my time, I walk up to my fellow Texan and ask, "Hey what do you think about that China?" 

"They have a big wall, a guy from around here once told me you can see it from space. Dunno what their government's up to now though, I think they can't even use Google..." he trails off.

A success! I made sure China made it to the modern age just like I remembered it! A pity about the Google thing though, the people were just getting too much contradictory information. 

"Have you heard that India has more than a billion people now? I hear they can't eat cows..." he says as he smiles at me.

*Of course, the Indians - how could I forget? The only thing more difficult than a billion Chinese is the Indians... who were their Gods again? I don't wanna fuck up again like in Greece, I floated the name "Nike" for a God, I was just missing my old sneakers and they ran with it for some reason...*

I use my machine again... my skin is a bit darker this time. It's a long time ago. I see a guy about to slaughter his farm animal for food. *What does Indian sound like again?* I try my best, I say "Hey man, don't eat that! Don't you know that like, cows are sacred or something?". I use my machine again... I'm getting better at this language thing! I repeat myself, "Cows are sacred! Don't eat them!" I hope the guy I talked to was right otherwise I'm really fucking up this cow thing for them. In some places I'm a bit less strict because of that. I don't wanna do it wrong - especially after the confusion and inner conflict I feel a hundred thousand times after someone who has maybe heard from me before tells me not to eat a cow. 

One day I wondered... *you know, where did all these ideas come from anyway? Why don't they eat cows?* 

I use the machine, I am a Texan again... this kind of life is easy, it's all laid out the way I remember, in the papers I read about my work... India has a billion people now, and they're still a bit unsure of the cow thing. 

Later that day, a guy comes up to me on the street, "Hey what do you think about that China?" 

Proud of my work, I respond with a smile. 