It really sounded like a crap match up, I'd be a novice in a masters bout. I'd be on their territory, going against an opponent I'd never even seen, let alone saw fight. But I had a whole heap of medical bills behind me, kindly dropped into my lap when my agent split, so I took the fight and studied my opponent. The doc gave me a file full of incident reports and photographs, I went to the library and made friends with the paranormal section. 

Hoo boy. 

Had the good doctor, and a select few members of the Our Sisters of Mercy staff, not kept detailed notes and pictures I would have had to go back and smack the doctor in the head for wasting my time. So much bullshit. Almost as much bullshit as the health and nutrition fads and myths which haunted my profession. Using the pics and statements as a baseline, a proof against the overwhelming mass of misinformation, fable and for-profit scams I came to this: 

Poltergeist, possibly several. Cold Spots and temporary illusionary environments most likely based on whatever horrific experience trapped the spirit between worlds. 

Seems like, all they do is throw shit around and occasionally scratch or slap the staff. I hopped it was just an unlucky regular, just some mom or kid who's spirit just couldn't deal with its fate and fled the light or was just scared and hid from it. But the more I read, the less inclined I was to fight.

"We should flatline a shrink, instead of a fighter."
"I beg your pardon?" The doctor finally stopped fiddling with the contents of his desk and looked at the aged but still fit fighter. 
"It's not a physical battle here, man, it's emotional."
"What on earth are you talking about, man? The broken glass, the raised red welts and yanked hair!"
"Yeah but we ain't talking about an earthly target. Can I leg sweep a phantom? Can spirits even touch each other at all?"
"Well if you intend me-"
"Oh no, I know you don't have the stomach for it. We'll get Eileen and Patel to go."
"And if, by some absurd stroke of luck you can convince the heads of pediatric psychology and general psychology to let us stop their hearts for a few minutes, what then?"
"Well, it's a precaution to even get Peiter involved at all: most of these bruises and scratches look like a child's work but it could be a petite woman or small man."
"I can't believe your serious!"
"Hey doc, I think you let the violence of the incidents cloud your judgement. I mean, who ever heard of punching a ghost? No, we need to get these patients to accept their prognosis is terminal and I seriously doubt it's gonna be strong arm tactics which does it."
"So your not doing it."
"Oh I'm doing it. In case."
"In case what?"
"In case you're right."
