They hadn't anticipated these sorts of losses. The idiots were dropping like flies left and right.  President Harvard had pushed for this bill for months, and now he was staring down the barrel of the consequences. 4,000 casualties in D.C alone, and the numbers just kept pouring in.   What was wrong with these people? He'd expected a rise in accident related deaths, but this was unprecedented! Velma, his over worked and overworked secretary scurried into the oval office with a stack of reports. President Harvard gave a groan. 
"Don't tell me." He snapped. 

"There's more from West Virginia, Sir." She plowed ahead. This stupid bill had kept her up all night and she looked a mess. Her glasses were skewed and her hair stuck up in poufs where she had run her hands through it.

"More!? The whole state will be dead at this rate!" Harvard gripped his hair and shook his head. The press would have a feeding frenzy. But how could he have been expected to forsee this!? Who would have thought America was so... stupid? Sure they'd called it the Darwin law, but nobody had actually anticipated the mass extinction of idiots! 
"And the Prime Minister is on the phone, Sir." Velma picked up the phone pressed one of the many flashing lines and held it out to Harvard expectantly. He gave the woman a glare and waved her away as he took the reciever.

"Hello, Prime Minister... No,no we're just fine! How are your numbers?... Only 2,000 you say?...  How is that poss-!... What do you mean you've seen our numbers on the news!?... Dammit Velma!" Harvard slammed the reciever down. The U.K had only lost 2000? How could that be possible!? As Velma re-entered the room he slammed his fist on the table.

"I want the number reports for all of the other countries! I need to know how we stand in the global losses!" Velma pulled a file from her stack and handed it to the president. As he opened it his face went from ruddy, to ashen. "That can't be all!" He shouted. Velma blinked and nodded.

"That's up to date as of ten minutes ago."

"We've lost more than every country in the world and it isn't even noon!"