I tried to shove the handgun back in the bag, but the driver had already seen it. I wanted to try and explain why there was a handgun in bag. Who would be crazy enough to believe that I carry a magic leather bag that gives me what I need when I need it?

I'm a doctor so, naturally, I'd seen and worked on gunshot wounds, but as a pacifist and subsequent "teddy bear," as my wife calls me, I'd never held a gun before. Just from touching it, my blood ran cold, my hand was numb, and I was on the verge of throwing up. 

The bus driver threw up for me. 

He tried many times to speak afterwards, but his words kept sputtering like "The Little Engine That Could." His eyes spoke volumes that his mouth couldn't accomplish and the message was clear, "Please don't kill me." The passengers already on the bus echoed this sentiment rather vocally. Things were thrown, and as I attempt to recall the exact details, they appear rather slowly. I looked towards the back of the bus and many mothers were on the phone, calling the police, most likely.

The weather was warm--not terribly warm, but the homeostatic state of autumn warm. The breeze had wafted into the bus as the door was still open. Once again, I tried to speak--to say anything in order to eradicate any kind of negative connotation my happenstance created, but my throat withered like a flower in the Sahara.

So I stood, dumbfounded, unable to defend myself until I was football tackled off of the bus. The act itself didn't hurt so much as the feeling of weightlessness and the subsequent impact of the concrete sidewalk. There were many witnesses passing buy. Some of them fetched for their phones and I'd most assuredly be on "Snapchat" or even Twitter in some form or capacity. 

The behemoth of a man who had tackled me into the open air fought for control of the gun. He didn't really have to fight for it, however. All he had to do was reach into my hand and take it, but instead, his adrenaline had kicked into overdrive, causing his body to move in ways that didn't quite make much logical sense. 

If he wasn't careful, he was going to end up shooting himself. 

Luckily, a patrolmen saw the commotion and rushed over to separate us before any actual firearm could fulfill its purpose. The officer's name was Ricky, and I remember because his name tag on his vest said so. In an event that took only five minutes, I was in handcuffs, the gun was taken away and Ricky was already calling in for a patrol car. The bus passengers were all hailing the man who had tackled me as a hero while the driver mopped up his own excretions. 

I was arrested on charges of possession of a deadly weapon without a warrant. They couldn't quite tag "with intent to use" on the end because they couldn't have possibly known what I meant to do with it because even I did not know. The bag knew. 

The damn bag knew. 

The bag was taken away from me upon my arrival at the station. I watched as one of Ricky's contemporaries transported the bag to the area known as "lockup." I attempted to protest, saying that there were implications beyond an old leather bag, but they would never have listened. I was caught with a gun in my hand--a gun I was meant to use, for some reason, and for that, I would be punished as far as the law would allow. 

Once I had my picture taken, Ricky began to lead me through the maze of the police headquarters. Our journey would end at an interrogation room, but before then, we were stopped by a small child--a girl. Her blonde hair tied into pigtails, the girl beamed a smile towards the police officer and said, "Daddy, who is this man?" 

His expression softened, "Hey, sweetie! I thought I told you to stay at my desk?" 
She looked away, "I tried, I really did but that smelly man was eating his lunch, and I'm sooo hungry!" 
"Darrell..." Ricky muttered under his breath, "I'll tell you what, sweetheart, how about you go ask Officer Wayne if you can have some of his lunch? Tell him I asked and that I'll pay him back when I get back to my desk, yeah?" 
"Uh huh!" The girl nodded aggressively, causing her hair to fall off of her head, "Oops!" she shouted.
Before she could bend over to get it, her father grasped it for her and picked off any debris that could have gotten inside, "Here you go, pumpkin." He placed it on her head, and let her adjust it how she liked. "Now, remember what I told you to ask Officer Wayne, yeah?" 
"Thanks, Daddy!" she said as she hugged him around his leg. Then, the child scampered away as Ricky took me into the interrogation room, his face red. He knew he couldn't make me unsee the events that had just taken place. 

I was given the option of calling a lawyer, but I declined. Asking for a lawyer would only complicate things. The bag had a reason for giving me a gun, and that reason would surface itself soon. Until then, I would have to buy time. 

"What were you doing with a gun, Mr. Smith?" Ricky asked. 
"You can call me, Daniel," I replied.
"Alright, 'Daniel.' What were you doing with a gun?" 
"What stage?" 
The officer took a step back. It was never a good thing when a criminal knew something about you--moreso someone you care about. 
"That's none of your business, Mr. Smith." 
True enough. 
"Maybe so, but I don't see why you can't scratch my itch and I'll scratch yours." 
"Look here, pal. You're the one who is being investigated--not me. I've got nothing to explain to you. So are you going to help me clear this mess up or are we going to sit around the table with a bunch of my buddies out there and circlejerk until the cows come home, yeah?" 

I sat there and marveled at Officer Ricky, much more astounded than offended at his refusal to conversate. It worked in the movies so I figured it would work in real life, and this man was the proof that not everything seen in movies works out in practice. 
"C'mon, guy. It's Bring Your Kid to Work Day, and I got all kinds of papers to fill out. You catching flies isn't making the pen move, if you're catching my drift." He tapped his watch. 

"It's not my gun," I said. 
Officer Ricky sat back, "Finally something." He took out a notepad, "If it's not yours, then whose is it?" 
"I don't know. I found it sitting underneath the bus bench." I lied, but again, who would believe I pulled it out of a magical leather bag? "I'm completely innocent here, officer."
The officer refused to betray his poker face, but his suspicion was palpable, "If what you say is true, then why did you take it out while you were on the bus?" 
I opened my mouth to explain, but a furious knock came at the door. 

Before Officer Ricky could even open his mouth, the door flung open. Standing there, breathing heavy was a bald, smelly man with bent bifocals. 

"Darrell, what the hell're you--"
"It's Sarah--it's your daughter, she collapsed!" With that, Officer Ricky sprinted from the interrogation room. I followed after him, and I met little to no resistance in doing so because of the great attention her collapse brought upon her. He knew where she was even without having Officer Wayne tell him. It was like a biological homing beacon. 

Sure enough, there she was, sprawled out on the floor next to a desk with a bar that read Ricky Wade across it.
