“Hold still!”

A tangle of vines shot out to grab the girl but she dodged them with ease. From the cover a nearby pillar, she fired a plasma shot at the boy controlling the vines, but he was just as evasive as she was. 

“Hey, hold on a sec!” The girl ignored him, and fired more plasma shots. The boy raised an arm and more vines shot up in front of him, forming a protective barrier.

“If you could listen for just a-” He suddenly gasped and barely had time to move out of the way as the girl leapt at him from a metal beam above. He made it behind another pillar before a hail of plasma shots rained down on him. 

“Oh for the love of- enough!” He leapt out from behind the pillar and focused on the ground beneath the girl’s feet. Large vines exploded out of the ground, knocking the girl off her feet and the plasma gun out of her hand. The vines wrapped around her torso, securing her arms to her sides and letting her dangle a couple of feet off the ground. The boy let out a huff of relief, and slowly approached the girl struggling against her bonds. 

“Hey, take it easy. I just want to-”

“Let me go, Evergreen. Fight fair!” snarled the girl. 

Evergreen ran a hand through his hair in frustration. “Fight fair? You’re one to talk, Arsenal. I send you a message asking you to meet me, and you ambush me!”

“Obviously, it was a trap! Why else would you want me to meet you at an abandoned warehouse at the edge of the city?” 

“Because it was the only place I could show you what I did for you!” exclaimed Evergreen, throwing up his arms.

“And what exactly did you do for me?” 
“
This!” Evergreen gestured to the area around them. Arsenal looked around and saw tiny flowers pop out of a grassy carpet and from vines that ran around pillars and along the walls of the bare warehouse. As the flowers bloomed, they emitted a soft blue light, very similar in color to her plasma guns. 

“What do these flowers do?” Arsenal asked, eyeing them suspiciously. 

Evergreen’s face fell. “You don’t like them? I bred these flowers specially for you…because I like you.”

Arsenal stared at him, deadpan. “What.”

“I like you, ok?” Evergreen looked away from her, rubbing his neck in discomfort. 
Arsenal’s mouth opened and closed a couple of times before she found her voice again. “Well, you certainly have a funny way of showing it! And since when?”

“About a year. Do you remember when I first came to this city?”

Arsenal snorted. “Yeah, your vines grew all over the suspension bridge and tossed a bunch of cars around during rush hour.”

The boy flushed a bright red beneath his eye mask. “I had heard about you and the good you did here, so I wanted to come meet you… maybe team up. And I wanted to make a good first impression, but I guess I didn’t have a great handle on my powers yet, so that happened. And then you showed up and socked me in the face. When the police arrested me, I told them my side of the story.” 

Arsenal’s mouth twisted into a frown. “And did they believe you?

“Yeah, they confirmed with my old city that I was on the up-and-up. The police chief said, and I quote, that that was the ‘’best damn laugh they’ve had in a while.’”

“Uh-huh. But what about that time at the 4th of July celebration with the fireworks?”

Evergreen hung his head. “I was experimenting with a compound and seeds that would release flower petals when the fireworks went off.”

“And instead, it rained glowing embers. What about the time you made the last five floors of a skyscraper explode?”

“The company who owns the building had asked me to do some work on their rooftop garden and things just kinda got out of hand. Besides, the windows only broke because of all the flowers that were growing. No one got hurt! Like I said, not that great with my powers at the time.”

“Seriously? And the police just let you go? I never heard anything about you serving time.”

“They just found it funnier every time you brought me in.”

“No one thought to explain any of this to me?” Arsenal asked, her voice cracking. 

Evergreen looked at her with a sheepish expression. “Well, in the time I’ve known you, you’ve always been a ‘shoot first, ask questions later’ kind of girl. ..Like now, for instance.”

“Oh my god,” Arsenal wailed, her shoulders sagging. “I’m such an idiot.”

“H-hey, it’s ok. We all make mistakes.”

“Mistakes that last two years? And I didn’t even let you explain?”

“I’m telling you now,” Evergreen said, stepping closer. “That’s what matters. But I’m sorry you didn’t like the flowers. I’m gonna let you go now, ok?”

Arsenal looked taken aback. “I never said I didn’t like them,” she said as the vines set her gently back on the ground. She took her time looking about the warehouse, admiring the way the flowers glowed softly but brightly. A smile played at her lips. “They’re beautiful. It shows you’ve grown into your powers lately. You even put up a good fight this time!”

Evergreen ducked his head. “I wanted this to be perfect because I- because I think you’re perfect,” he said, twiddling his thumbs. 

Arsenal stepped closer to him, a blush noticeable on her own cheeks. “I owe you an apology. Ok, a lot of apologies. Do you think we can start over?”

The boy grinned, and stuck out his hand. “Hi, I’m Jason.”

The girl returned the handshake. “Hi, I’m Abby.”
