There is a largely unified slamming of glasses onto a bar followed by the stony silence that accompanies somber drinks shared by close friends. 

Our number is one short tonight. None of us had expected Elise to last very long, her issues had been rapidly progressing. But we all expected a little longer. The doctors had said six months just three months ago, but I guess that was just wishful thinking on their part. 

The raucous bar feels silent in our tight circle as I order another round. Quiet drinks for several hours, interrupted occasionally by a story of Elise. I try to speak, but my words come out as a single sloppy mess.

I knew it was stupid. That's why I never told her, but I loved Elise. I loved everything about her. From her cute dimpled smile to the way she would forget what she was saying mod sentence sometimes when she was really hyper. But I didn't want to complicate things for her. Now I wish I had cared less about that. 

My vision blurs and I realise I'm silently crying. I lay my head on the table and try to regain my composure. 

A hand on my back lets me know my friends are here for me, just like we always have been and always will be .

"Hey, Zebulon..." 

I jerk my head up so quickly it hurts my neck. I know that voice. 

Starting back at me are a pair of eyes I know all too well. I recognize the features of the face next to mine, but my brain refuses to put the pieces together and tell me what I know is happening. 

Elise is sitting here with me. After a second I realize I'm not in the bar. After another second I realize that Elise and I are not alone. Behind her sit a pair of men watching patiently. 

The man closest to Elise is older but not elderly, with blond hair that is beginning to fade to white. He wears leather jeans and a graphic shirt that reads "I support everyone's troops". He looks mostly bemused. 

The man further looks more sinister. In a nice clean suit bearing a pin of an upside-down cross on the lapel. He nods curtly, and not even in our direction. 

"Elise-"

"Zebulon" she cuts me off, "You always told me you'd be there for me no matter what. And right now I need you." 

She extends her hand and offers me a small gift. My hands mold around the grips of the object she handed me and my fingers find their placement as i realize that I am not the only one holding an old controller for a Nintendo GameCube. 

Before I can voice my confusion, the bemused gentleman motions to the side of the room where for the first time I notice a tv set. 

"I wasn't ready" Elise said as the screen comes to light,
"I had a chance to win more time. But I've never been very competitive at anything."
Familiar notes fill the air and I can feel my grip tighten as someone begins moving through the selection screens. 

The troop supporter, who I surmise now may be Death himself, chimes in, "she chose a Melee doubles match. Choose your fighter."

I look at Elise with a half smile.

"Don't worry," I say, "they about to get bopped" 

She gives a small laugh at the reference to our own Smash Bros tournaments, and I select my fighter. It's time to save my friend. 