A photo. My wife. My son also. A cross he gave to me. The only things that keep me grounded here, in this tireless, ongoing hell. An endless war started for reasons I don't know. All I do know was that I couldn't just let all this death come near them. Especially knowing I could have done something (if only small) to stop the war getting near them. I love them too much for that.

The squadron receives orders to move forward and to kill all hostiles. I take a look at the photo, etching their faces into my memory in case it's the last time I see them. We reach our target building. Down goes the door. Laser dots dash around the walls, searching for movement. I push the sight to my face. The squadron splits, one-half heading upstairs and the other checking the rest of the ground floor. 
"Bathroom clear. Moving on to the first bedroom."
We quickly entered through the doorway. Nothing.
"First bedroom also clear. Signs of recent activity prevalent."
"Received. What is your next target?"
"We have a second bedroom to the right. Entering in 3,2,1- WE HAVE MULTIPLE HOSTILES ATTACKING. REQUIRE BACKUP IMMEDIATELY-"
Their guns lit up the room, throwing light onto bullet holes in the walls and furniture around us. 
Our half squadron took up cover behind whatever we could find and fired back.
I aimed around the side of a table, tipped on its side, improvised cover...
"WE HAVE A SOLDIER DOWN. HE IS UNRESPONSIVE, HAS MULTIPLE SHOT WOUNDS. WE NEED TO EVAC HIM NOW!"
"Copy. We're radioing a medical team now. ETA 5 mins"
I looked down at my chest. 3 small dots of blood stained the fabric camouflage, growing constantly bigger.
"Photo..." I managed to splurt, blood dribbling down my face.
A fellow soldier heard me, and started to frantically search for it. He found it, and placed it into my hand.
With my last strength I held the photo up and looked at their faces. I smiled. I could hear him, my son, laughing. Blood filled my lungs, gradually restricting me of air. I could see them. I was going to hug them and tell them I wasn't ever leaving. I took him in my arms and spun him around, just the way he liked it.
His smile.
I started to let go.
My wife's loving eyes.
'I'm coming soon' I whispered.
My eyes closed. 
'I love you George, I love you Kate...'

I let go.

"WHERE'S THE MEDICAL TEAM! HE'S GOING NOW. HE'S, He's... It's too late. Send the medical team back. There's no point. No puls..."

A figure descended towards me. It was dressed in white, draping cloth that billowed out past it's feet. A golden ring encircled it's head, bathing it's face in a golden shine.
"Hello there, brave one."
"Who are you? Have you come to take me to Heaven?" I asked most curiously.
"In a sense, yes. But also no. I've come to free you."
"From what? I just died, I don't understand."
"Oh but you didn't. You've been dead for 4 years Daniel, and you were punished in Hell. But you've shown qualities unlike any other, Daniel. You've shown a willlingness to change for the better good. Do you not remember the way you treated your family?"

It came back to me.

"Dad, stop spinning me, I'm feeling sick!"
"Daniel, would you please stop?"
"Dad! I don't want to spin any more!"
"Daniel! Stop! Please!"
"Why did you hurt Mum, Dad?!"
"Dad... you're scaring me..."
"Dad! Dad!"

I burst into tears. 
Why do I deserve to go back, after that horrible night? I had gone out to the bar, I must have had more than I thought...
"Why do you cry, Daniel?"
"I don't deserve to leave"
"Oh but Daniel, you must understand," She smiled in the most loving way.
"You have just shown why you deserve another chance. Who were you fighting for? Your side? The Government? The sake of murder? No, it was your family. Although mistakes were made that night, they have been, over time, forgiven, and replaced with hope. Hope of a new leaf, of a start-over, a hope that you and your family will embrace and love each other. That is the reason I'm here."
"Are you... taking me back to my family?" I spoke softly, wiping tears from my face.
"Yes Daniel."
"When?"
"Turn around."
I turned, and...
In the middle of my backyard was my wife
She turned.
My wife looked at me.
Actually 
looked at me.
This was no photo.
Her eyes teared up, as did mine.
My son beamed behind her.
I ran over to them, and hugged them so tightly.
I looked over my shoulder, and saw the angel fade into the darkening sky.
I thanked her silently and then spoke to my family:

"I will never leave again."

*Thanks for reading this! This is my first prompt on here so any feedback/comments is welcome :)*