"And~~ Ladies and gentlemen, this is it! Thank you for coming! If you're willing, please help a brother with some coins so I can get some food."

murmuring, that's all Ted hears.

The expressions on these folks' faces tell Ted that something is not right. Through his travel, he has done these tricks many times. Sometimes people are surprised. Sometimes they laugh. Sometimes they try very hard to "see through the trick". However, this is not the reaction he was expecting.

"Again, if you can kindly help me with some coins......."

"ASADAFAGA!!" out of no where, a man shouts some phrases Ted cannot understand, and at that very moment, Ted feels the temperature has risen. A heat wave just hit him.

Then, fire, yes, fire. A fireball has formed and is flying directly at Ted. 

Ted quickly dodges to the left, almost losing his footing. He looks ridiculous by the way he moves, but he has no time to care about it. The fireball blows by, almost kissing his face. Luckily, Ted is not hurt.

"Hey! What are you doing? What was that about!" Confused, Ted yells at the direction where the fireball came from. He doesn't know who did it, or how, but that doesn't stop him from being mad.

"FEGEGETEYE!!" What responds to Ted is that same voice, with another phrase Ted cannot understand. Ted knows nothing good would happen. Without thinking, he makes a move.

Ice spikes come off the ground, almost piercing through Ted's body. Ted cannot thank his dad more for forcing him to train when he was a child. By a split second, Ted once again dodges to the left and avoids being killed.

"Holy shit! Okay that's enough! Show yourself! What the fuck are you doing?"

"I don't know why you're here, but leave this place immediately and never come back." Finally, someone stands out. He is the owner of that voice Ted heard earlier. Ted knows it's him who was attacking him, but how does that person do that? Was that magic?

"Okay, look! I don't want any trouble. I just need some food and money, and I'll be on my way."

The man stares at Ted with a look of disbelief. He then waves at his follower.

"Give this man some coins and make sure he leaves. We do not welcome strangers here."

Ted takes the money and runs.

"What is this place? Phew! Can't believe I'm alive. I'm never coming back here again!"

So he never comes back. To this day, Ted still wonders why he was attacked, and how that man was using fire and ice to attack him.