I looked over, across the crowds and festivities, to the main battle field. Already, knights in shining armor were clambering onto their mounts and readying their weapons. There were rows and rows of them, spread out over a semicircle a mile in diameter, facing the stands. One in about every fifty had a shimmering aura around them, and some even seemed to be wielding forces of nature. 

Almost three fourths of the kingdom were in attendance to this grand battle royale. The king was sterile and close to death, and had chosen to hand his crown over to the winner of a tournament the likes never seen before. Thousands of knights from every corner of the land had come to compete in various challenges of strength and bravery, all ending with a huge battle royale to the death. The worthier knights had managed to garner the support of various gods and goddesses over the week-long festival, all in preparation for this final bout. 

I sat up from my perch on a nearby hillside, finished polishing my scythe, and sauntered down towards the battlefield. As I walked along the muddy path towards the tourney, I checked the straps of my light armor and cleaned my gauntlets, paying no heed to the multitude around me. Passerby shied away, women covered their eyes, men spat at my feet, and children stared with wide eyes. The few remaining blades of grass on the worn ground browned and died in my wake, a small side effect of my touch. 

After a few minutes, I reached the battlefield. I took my place beside a tall blonde knight on a dark stallion, who sneered at me as he dragged his jeweled dagger along a small whetstone. His horse shied away nervously as we waited for the battle to commence. 
The rules were simple: kill or be killed, and if you win you get the kingdom. By then, there were four knights favorited to win; Ser Roberts of the western reaches, backed by Hephaestus the blacksmith, Ser Malcom from the coast region, backed by Poseidon himself, Lady Rogue, backed by Athena the cunning, and of course me, backed by Death.

I had no qualms about killing; I’d done plenty of it around the kingdom in my day. I think that could be what attracted him to me. Death had approached me the week prior and offered to lend his strength in the tourney, and I accepted readily. He gave me very simple instructions for victory, and it was only to cost me my right hand. I made my preparations and allowed a small piece of his essence to reside in my right hand. The black gloves and gauntlets I wore concealed the twisted mass my hand had become, and I thanked the gods for the gift of being left handed. 

The King stepped out onto his observation tower, far above the pasture where the battle was to take place. His voice boomed out across the field, magnified by the powers of Zeus so that all could hear: “I welcome you all to the final day of my festivities! I wish each and every one of you the best of luck, and I hope to greet one of you as my successor before the day is out. Let the battle royale begin!”

Lances were lowered, swords were drawn, horses began racing towards one another, and I took off my glove. Just as the first sounds of combat reached my ears, I snapped once with my right hand. 

After the last body fell to the ground, I felt his essence leave me and I covered the fully cauterized stump. I hadn’t even had to draw my scythe. 
