Not especially handsome, nor unusually strong, and lacking the vivid ornamentation of other species, the average high school student struggles to find a suitable mate.

Here, a young male—*Discipulus Studiosis*—has his eye on a possible mate. They've occupied similar territory for a while now; in both Biology and History they sit adjacent to each other. Yet, for all their boasting, the adolescent male is often a timid creature, and as yet has made no true overtures beyond a tentative attempt to make small talk before the bell. Today, that will change.

The high school goes through several cycles, and while individuals often seek mates throughout the year, there are two points of increased activity, called Dances. These are lavish displays of availability, with a marked increase in in decoration, and with male individuals often conducting extensive ritual to court their chosen mate. One of these events approaches now—the spring Dance. But there are other factors in play as well. This individual has just moved into his seventeenth year, and thus is part of a higher standing, the deceptively-named "Junior Class." The expectation of this class is that they find a mate, if not for the year, then at least for the Dance. This male's hitherto lack of concern for finding a mate has prompted some harassment from his peers. If he can successfully court a respected mate, he will be rewarded with increased social standing. The reward is tempting—but the risks are ever-present.

For while a successful courting promises increased standing among the school in general, and his circle in particular, a failed attempt may mean humiliation, mockery, or even, should the attempt be in competition with a more aggressive male, physical violence.

These are surely the thoughts plaguing this young male today. He's made an attempt at ornamentation, forgoing his usual pop-culture-referencing t-shirt for a more subtle, solid colour, as well as even adding an overshirt in an effort to show fashion sense. Lack of practice with the fashions of the day means he is by no means the most attractive, but he is acceptable—or so he hopes.

He stops a few feet from his chosen mate as she stops at her locker, taking stock of the situation. The hallway is relatively clear, with other students filtering back and forth through classes. He fidgets with his backpack, clearly anxious. After a moment of indecision, he decides to go through with the ritual.

He removes a sign from his backpack—signs being a common choice for such courtships—and readies it so that it faces the girl. It bears the phrase "*It would be sweet if you would go to the dance with me*", as well as having several delicacies attached. Each is, from what he's gathered from her friends, one of her favourites, and he hopes that the wordplay, in conjunction with the bribery, will convince her.

Other students have noticed him standing, and the sign draws additional attention—but she hasn't noticed yet, being busy in her locker.

But a complication arises: her friends have approached. They stop suddenly, seeing the panorama before them: him anxiously about to engage the ritual, her distracted by her locker. They gape for a moment, then titter among themselves. The male sees this, and it gives him yet more doubt—but there can be no turning back now. He has committed, and to abandon the ritual now would surely result in a tremendous humiliation.

Steeling himself, he calls her name.

She turns, looking around for a moment, before recognising the situation, and is struck silent for a moment.

He forces a smile, trying to hide his fear, and weakly repeats the phrase found on his sign, wiggling it a bit to draw attention to it.

The female's eyes widen, and dart towards her friends, a motion which does not go unnoticed by the male. But what she sees in her friends' countenances reassures her, and she turns back to evaluate his suitability as a mate.

He is not especially muscular, nor is he at the top of the social hierarchy, though his efforts have borne fruit, and his attempt at fashion impresses her. He also has an advantage, in that while he is somewhat thin, he is also rather tall—a desirable trait.

A long moment passes. The male's smile widens, but so do his eyes, betraying his panic.

But all is well—the female finds this unthreatening and endearing, and graciously accepts him as a partner. He gives a deep sigh, which turns to relieved laughter, and goes to give her the sign. She takes it and makes comment on the suitability of the candy selections—glancing sidelong at the giggling group of her friends.

The bell rings and the students must depart—sparing the male the discomfort of attempting to judge how to proceed. He asks if he can text her about the details later, and she, smiling, accepts. As he takes off, running towards the gymnasium, she turns to her friends, and they surround her, probing for details and information.

The male's excited flush is soon noticed by his peers, and they congratulate him on his success. He has dared and won, and is now more respected.

The Dance itself is still several weeks out, but there is time to prepare.

For now, the male will content himself with the satisfaction of being accepted as a mate, and the female will be content to share the story.