Well, this wasn't what I expected. I was expecting pain, emotional turmoil and even an anguished scream or two.

But instead I was entertained. I even had some popcorn thanks to the Grim Reaper. I was, unsurprisingly, alone in my hospital room when this dark dementor type thing came in, thrusted a large bucket of fresh popcorn in my hands and made himself comfortable in the white plastic chair beside my bed.

I have no idea how it happened, but the wall was now a large screen, and on it I recognised the watchmojo intro.

"What have we learned from captainelf's journey on this planet? Stay tuned to find out our top picks for the top 10 captainelf moments."

I cringed. Though it didn't stop me from shoving a handful of popcorn into my mouth.

"Number 10 - the claw machine incident. When captainelf was five years old, she really wanted a teddy bear from a claw machine at their local supermarket. Sadly, she kept failing, mostly because she pressed the button too soon."

They showed a video of a frustrated toddler trying to get the Barney teddy from the claw machine. Okay, lame, but cute, I guess.

She counted my awkward moments. Of course my top 10 moments would be my most awkward moments. The time I was seven, and the neighbour's boy and I showed each other our woo-has and my mom caught us. The time I walked into a dustbin because I couldn't stop looking at the boy I like. The extremely false note I sang while at church and the organ died. 

Soon the movie went over into my adult life. And the humiliation just went on.

The time I tried being a sugarbaby - and failed. The time I fell for a guy, only to have my parents literally chase him away. The time I lied and just left home.

Moment number one was probably why I was going to hell.

The watchmojo lady sounded disturbingly happy about what happened next.

"Before we get to number one, here are a few honorable mentions."

Ah, I almost forgot. The time I surfed the dark web and somehow came across a hitman for hire page. The time I tried to jump off a moving train. Ah. Good times.

"And who could forgot what happened at Halloween 2017, when captainelf left the gas on at her parents' home, and caused the whole house to burn down, killing both her parents and landing herself a nice inheritance. What are your top picks..."

I grinned devilishly at the dementor-like being next to me.

My top pick would be that the whole gas episode wasn't exactly a thing I "forgot" to turn off.