Inevitably, this day was going to come.

Well, to be fair, it had come and gone several times now. Each time he always found a reason to keep going, usually it was a pretty minor thing, a big bank heist, a new hip variant of one of the popular narcotics of the time. Today however should prove to be quiet enough to get *him* to do it.

How this came about was something of an accident, some clown plotted to poison the water supply of the city, but his girlfriend/partner screwed up and used another chemical in the mix, one that proved to vastly increase the lifespan of everyone who drank the water and, miraculously, have none of the side effects that came with taking it straight up. Once you let something like that out how could you take that back? So scientists got to work, with all that extra time they suddenly got proved to be useful in expanding the lifespan to infinity, which is great, if you only had one or two people doing it. But seven billion people?

It became quite obvious we traded a practical if grim solution for a big resource problem, all those people suddenly living lives of biblical lengths would decimate the food supply and lead to a permanent famine state. So two solutions were devised: First, we accelerated space travel development so we could colonize the Milky Way Galaxy, spread the people out and hopefully solve the food crunch before it got to the point where Soylent Green would be the only solution. The Second? Mandatory Ceremonial Suicide the last day of your 200th year. If you made it that far it was considered an achievement as the world dropped all the vices they used to have and focused on one thing: Food.

There's not nearly enough to go around as it is, to make matters worse criminal enterprises started making a killing on underground markets, shipping food into underfed regions at extremely inflated prices and causing turf wars on nearly every street corner, which shocked most normal towns into total collapse when they started out. For our city? That's been par for the course for centuries.

Which leads us back to *him*, you see he considers himself to be the protector of this city, and as long as he's on the job, he feels like the city has a chance no matter the odds. Before you ask, yes he has handed off this duty to others but inevitably something happens and he's right back in the fight. He was supposed to have checked out the day before his 201st birthday.

Today is his 544th birthday.

Yep, for five hundred years, *he* has kept watch. Not a successor or a copycat, *him*. The First, The Original. Thanks to the Lazarus incident, he's as fit as he was on his 44th birthday. Sure the tech has gone through so many revisions that nearly every superpowered ally or enemy is what they call the "S-tier", but he still hangs on, relying on the most technological suit ever created, on his vast trillions in wealth to set up the most secure city in the inner Sol System, They keep trying to knock it down but he keeps things standing. Initially after the 201st we tried yearly to get him to stop and quit on his own terms, but after a few decades of that we stopped. Only bringing it up casually every fifth decade or so, so I'm six years early this time. What are going to do, sue me?

"You're just in time Nightwing, there's an Omega-level alert at the New Gotham PD." he said as I walked into the cave. Omega was the level we used for inter-dimensional interlopers, "What is it this time Bruce? Another Mr. Mxyzptlk?" I asked, "Afraid not, it's a pair of Owlmen, probably here trying to destroy the multiverse again." he replied quickly and turned to me, "I know what you were here for, and I think we both know the answer, so get suited up."

I couldn't help but laugh as I was right by my locker, "Oh well, what's another fifty years to you anyway?" He smiled slightly "If it means Gotham is safe I would do this forever."