As the bland deserted wasteland lay out below him from his place atop a hill, 14-year-old Martin was just as empty-handed as the day before, and the day before that day. His stomach growled, yearning for so much as a scrap of something. Anything, really. As for now, however, he simply needed a place to rest so that he could continue his scavenging antics once more tomorrow.

There was sadly nothing in any direction except behind him, which was a raider camp, and being such he couldn't stay there. He got to his feet, dusted himself off, and focused on putting one foot in front of the other. After about 2 hours heading north, the sun began it's slow descent under the horizon, casting long shadows across the ground. 

In the distance he saw a small metal shed, being manipulated by the heat waves cast by the sand. *Please don't be an illusion,* Martin thought to himself. After another few minutes of energy-draining movement, he was pleased to find that it was incredibly real.

Stepping inside, some sort of plastic box was casting colored lights into the room. On the simple wooden shelves were several canned goods. Martin almost yelped, and withdrew his boot knife to begin cutting the cans open. After chugging 2 or 3 cans of tomato juice, he drew his attention to the light box thingy. It was being powered by something, though nothing came to his mind. He sat down in the chair, facing the device, and began manipulating the other devices on the tabletop. He figured out how to make the small hand on the desktop move around, and shortly afterward learned how to access the storage, where he found two icons, labeled "C:\(Windows)" and "E:\(Wikipedia Archive)." "Windows just had a bunch of random garbage that he had no idea how to use. However, "Wikipedia Archive" was thousands of times more fascinating.

In it, he found volumes of information about life before the war. Beautiful pictures of green plants and animals and civilization. He was the only person to know this information. He was the wisest person in the wasteland. And with that, Martin passed away due to extreme radiation.

^didn't ^think ^that ^was ^gonna ^happen, ^did ^ya?