I was overwhelmed by the secrets held by the arcanum. Every politician, every business leader, every public figure had each and every detail of their lives recorded here on these shelves. I had become the most powerful person on Earth the instant I had walked through the doors to this infernal library. I pondered long and hard about how the events of future would unfold, now that I could discover every military secret, where every skeleton was buried, and what was the hidden fear of every person on the planet.

I needed a breather. I put down my stack of Fortune 500 and political masterminds. I picked up my own. If nothing else it would be useful to see if my memory was as accurate as I thought it was.

I flipped through the years, seeing friends and lovers dutifully cross referenced. Those were too heavy a read for now. I kept skimming until I reached a stranger on the street. Someone I literally had never truly met. A ship passing in the night.

His name was Charles. He lived somewhere out off a highway access road. Been there his entire life, born and raised in the same place. Had a couple of sisters, a father who lived nearby. His mother was who knows where (I scribbled down the cross reference to find out later). He drank too much and said little. He had a couple of interesting anecdotes about chickens that his family kept, but nothing else of much note. I skimmed ahead to our meeting.

It was a Chapter heading. Not too surprising since it was in the morning when we met. The bios were all written in a chronographical style. But the Chapter title was my name. "Alice."

It didn't make any sense. I looked back at the index of my own book. Only one entry for Charles. I'd never seen him since. I looked back at Charles's chapter on me. He had seen a lot of me since. My skin crawled. This man must be a stalker. I rushed ahead to the latest pages to ensure he wasn't nearby.

He wasn't. I gave a shiver of relief and flipped back to my eponymous chapter.

I quickly realized I had looked like his mom. This grown man had just been trying to find her his entire life, and mistakenly thought he had passed her on the street. He had been terrified of meeting me, of learning he was wrong, or having to deal with the revelation if he had been right. It had eaten him up inside. He hadn't thought of nearly anything else for weeks. He had told his friends and avoided his family. When he finally learned the truth by snooping around, that I was too old by nearly a decade, he had cried himself to sleep.

I alternated between disgusted by the invasion of privacy, and torn by his suffering.

I realized then I could be two things as master of this library: super villain or super hero.

I picked back up the scrap of paper with the cross reference to Charles's mother.