(I took the prompt and went with an 8th deadly sin instead.)

He was confused. He was a good person wasn't he? He introduced something unique to the world, something which had benefited hundreds of millions of people. He'd donated billions of dollars to the needy. And yet here he was.

He stepped up the onyx steps, each footfall echoing between the pitch black columns. Statues leered at him, a wide variety from grotesque demons to suggestive scenes of other humans indulging in various acts of desire. He snapped his eyes forward as one particularly lascivious succubus statue winked back at him.

His path came to an end as he approached a huge set of iron doors, each adorned with a thousand faces in various states of screaming an agony. He went to knock, but noticed the faces were contorting slightly, writhing about, as if they were trapped in the metal itself. He took a step back as a metal hand reached for him. As if by cue, the doors swung open.

Beyond the doorway was a grand throne room. A great throne stood in the centre, beautiful and frighting, made of pure gold and carved bone, it towered 20 foot in the air. Sitting in it was the most beautiful being he had ever seen. The being rose as he entered, black feathered wings stretching out either side in welcome.

"Greetings!" the figure said, it's voice the pure harmony of an angel. "I am Lucifer and welcome to my domain."

The man stood in shock, his mind was saying this couldn't be real, and yet his heart knew it was all too real.

"Ummm .." slipped from the man's lips, confused as he was. It was then he noticed the other eight seats, arranged either side of the grand throne, seven of them occupied by curious people and the eighth one empty.

"Do not be alarmed mortal, you are my honoured guest," spoke Lucifer, and a wave of calm swept over the man.

"I .. I don't think I'm m..meant to be here," the man stammered in reply.

"Oh, but you are! It has been aeons since someone like you has sowed such wastefulness in people's lives. You've encouraged billions to throw away their potential and squander trillions of productive hours!"

"But, I was just trying to help people connect."

"Of course you were. But the road to here is paved with good intentions, as the mortals say." Lucifer beamed a charismatic smile. "Come, sit, join me, Mark. You are my eight deadly sin, Social Media."