I was watching from behind the cover of some nearby ruins when it started. Not even two hundred feet from the ruins I saw two Olympians facing each other from opposite sides of two parallel dunes.

To the left was Helga, champion of Hephaestus, equiped in full spartan body armor with a shield and spear to match. Helga was one of the younger champions at only 17 years old, but at 6'2 with a body that must have been 99% muscle (minus the 1% of air that made up her head) she was nothing to laugh at. Not to mention that all her equipment was probably enchanted with a wide variety of arcane level spells. I mean what else could be expected of the champion of the blacksmith god.

On the other hand there was Alfred, the champion of Bacchus. If there was ever a champion that was the complete opposite of Helga, then Alfred was that champion. He was dressed in simple white rags that hung off his frail body. In his right hand he held on to a large flask, in his left a simple wooden cane. Indeed, Alfred was old in age, but age was something to be careful of here. If a champion was old, it usually meant they were a returning victor.  

At first they just looked at each other, each sizing the other up, unsure of what to do, then Alfred broke the silence.

"Are you sure you want to do this hun?" he asked in a weary voice.

Helga neither said nor did anything in response, but her silence showed that at the very least she was listening.

 "I mean," he continued "don't you think it's a bit too early in the race for two Olympians to go at it? We still have to deal with all those other champions, and it just seems a bit counterproductive for members of the same house to kill each other off when we have so much more competition. Perhaps it would be best if we both walked away instead of fighting?"

Upon hearing his proposal Helga granted him with a single word response: "No" was her answer. 

She readied herself, bringing up her spear and shield in an offensive stance, and then she charged. She moved across the sand as though it was solid ground, approaching the old man with haste. 

Another few seconds and her spear would be plunged into the old man's chest; however, Alfred was already prepared. He had already taken a swig from his flask by the time Helga took her second step, and by the time Helga was within striking distance the brew had taken effect.

Suddenly olive branches burst out of the ground and picked up Alfred, lifting him off the ground and away from Helga's spear. From his cane too, olive branches erupted from the hilt, striking at Helga where she stood. 

Helga used her shield to deflect the branches, and then without a moments waste she struck into the branches suspending Alfred, cutting deep into them with her spear, but this did nothing to deter the ever growing and expanding mass of olive branches that now surrounded Alfred. Now the branches we're clumping together and surrounding Alfred. With each passing second his defenses became denser and denser. Within a minute the entanglement became so thick that Helga's spear became useless. Then Alfred moved on to offense. From the mass individual branches and limbs struck out at Helga. 

She lept back, narrowly avoiding a barrage of wood and vines, and began to dance around the clump. With every attack from Alfred, Helga would strike back, cutting one or two branches in the process. 

It seemed like a stalemate. From my perspective they seemed to be an even match. Helga's strikes couldn't reach Alfred, and likewise Alfred's branches couldn't pierce Helga's armor.

However, just as the battle seemed to reach this stalemate, something began to change. The branches of Alfred's fort that had been hit by Helga's spear began to fall apart. First they would turn black, and then they would crumble away into dust a few seconds later. Soon the entire mass of nature was crumbling away, turning to dust at the hands of the curse Helga had placed on her spear.

From there the battle became very one sided. Alfred tried his best to keep up with the barrage of attacks, taking large swigs of his drink in order to summon branches to defend him, but soon the attacks became too much and he wasn't able to manipulate and summon the branches necessary to defend himself. He tried to summon a wall of branches to defend against a swing from Helga's shield, but only two lone branches sprung up on front of him.

The shield smashed into his chest, sending him flying back a few feet and onto his back. He started to get back up, his lip trembling as though he had something to say, but before he could Helga was standing over him, spear tip pointed downwards at his neck. Then with one final thrust she plunged the spear through the old man's neck. 

For a few seconds she stood there, watching him bleed out on the sand, before she dug out her spear and walked away. Another minute and she was out of sight.


The coast was clear but I decided to wait another hour, hiding in the shadows the ruins provided. When I knew for certain no one was around I left my hiding spot and made my way over to where Alfred's corpse laid. 

I wasn't like the other champions. I didn't have any outstanding powers or traits that would help me in battle. I didn't need my own trait though. My god had granted me with something much better.

I stood over Alfred, looking over his body one last time. He was frail and old, but that didn't matter. I took a small scythe out of my pocket and crouched down next to his head. Using the tip of the scythe I poked at the body until a blue mist began to leak out of his throat wound. Then when it had fully apparated before me I slashed through it, harvesting his soul.

You see I don't need my own amazing power because I really don't need them.

I placed my hand onto an empty space in the sand next to the corpse. I gave it one second before I lifted my hand up again. There was now a small olive branch that peaked out of the ground where my palm had just been.

I mean, what's the point in mastering your own powers when I can just take the dead's?





