Was this afterlife? I asked myself as I saw blurred faces looking at me, most of them had the clothes of doctors and nurses. Maybe they got me back from the dead? This idea fell to nothing as I tryed to move myself and saw the hand of a little kid in my face, I centered my eyes to look at my nose. It was small and not at all like that of my own body. There was no doubting it, I had become a baby. 
This thought made me sad, after all, I was just on my way to the hospital for my own baby to be born when that damned car hit me. I hope Lilly and William survived that crash. I would like that my unborn child, my son and wife at least had survived.

It was loud around me, sirens were howling and voices were shouting. 'I must be inside an ambulance.' Than a face appeared over me, the first close enough for me to really see. It was a familliar face, warm and welcoming. It put me right to memorys of my childhood. Than I realised that it was my sisters face. 'Oh fuck' I thought as she picked me up in a blanket: 'I am my own child!'.

Sure enough, my sister handed me to what had been my spouse. I cannot comprehend how they must have felt, they had just witnissed my death, and now, unknowingly, my return.

I flashed back to what happened in the accident. I was driving, my 1 year old son in the backseat with my spouse. Lilly had started talking about the baby coming just 20 minutes before and we were driving to the hospital, I'd rather be there too early than too late. Still 5 minutes of driving from the hospital, I was crossing a green light when all of a sudden a big black truck came out of the other street and hit us, I was smashed into the other side of the car as the stabilisation of the seatbelt was completely crushed and whent unconcious. When I woke up, my sister was trying to get me out of the car, she was part of an ambulance crew. I saw her face and dollar notes everywhere, then I passed out again and transcended into a state of choice. I didn't know why, but suddenly I knew that I had to choose between making my afterlife better or the life of another person born on this day. I chose the other person as I didn't want others to lose their loved ones like mine had lost me, then I woke up as a baby.

Lilly looked at me, with tears in her eyes. It where tears of loss. I tryed to say her name and out of my mouth came a wierd combination of sounds that somewhat resembled a two sillable word with mostly 'I' sounds. I tryed to ask what happened to Bill, but my vocal courts wouldn't make words. After some time, we were transported out of the ambulance and into the hospital after driving there. Lilly apperantly had a broken arm now while William was OK, at least phisicly. We were both send into some place for toddlers and I tryed to get up after being put into a bed. It didn't work, but I could move myself inside the bed. And I pulled myself towards Williams bed, which was just next to mine. He had fallen asleep instantly. I couldn't blame him, this must have been tiering for him with all the sirens and the shouting.

After some time, my sister came into the room. Well, I guess I should call Vanessa my aunt now. She walked over to the two of us and I smiled at her, trying to signal her something. She was crying, crying for me. But I was just here, right in front of her, she, however, couldn't know. 

'Talia, thats the name he wanted for you.' She was thinking out loud. I gave her a tumbs up. At least that worked. She started loughing. 

'Of all the reactions you could give to the name, this was by far the wierdest.' She said.

I tryed over and over to get up into a sitting position, but it wouldn't work, my body wasn't made for sitting jet. All of a sudden, she broke into tears and moved out of my sight. I wanted to communicate with her in an meaningfull way. But I didn't really know how.

I turned from my back being on the ground to my belly being on the ground and started morsing. The sounds were barely loud enough to be heard, not even speaking of being recognized and understood. 

I saw her again, she was sitting on a big bed. At least I think that is what I saw, everything more than half a meter from my face was blurred, so I couldn't really tell. But she smelled like my sister, or at least familliar. She had been sitting there for some time when Jan, her husband and my childhood best friend, arrived. They started a conversation in a form of sing lenguage that was basicly spelling with hand and fingers. Jan was mute and thus his preferred way of communication was sign. This opened up a whole catalog of possibilitys for me, since he used sign so often, I knew the lenguage aswell and could communicate with them. I made a noise to get their attention. Jan turned to me and looked at me for some time. I tryed to redirect his view to my hands and started signaling. Signaling was difficult with a babys hands, but it worked.

He was baffled when he realised that I was signing. Than he got Vanessa over to my bed to look at it. 
I spelled to her with some struggle:

'Vanessa, Jan, I am trapped in this body, David, your loving brother and friend.'

Somewhere in the middle of that Jan had started filming my hand.

'Could you repeat that?' Vanessa asked me.

'Of course.' I replied and did my best to repeat it.

After I repeated it, Vanessas face lightened up.

I asked for a piece of paper and a pen. I wanted to try to write.
