"God speed gentlemen." Mission control says  grimly right before the countdown began.

10...

9...

8...

7...

The countdown begins. We're humanities last hope, a team sent to fire a massive nuke, a shaped charge essentially, into a rogue planet set on a collision course with the earth. We didn't have the option of failure.

6...

5...

4...

3...

This is it. I touch two fingers to a picture of my wife Janet and whisper a quiet prayer.

2...

1...

But Ignition never comes. I look around and the rest of my team is frozen in their positions.  Mikes face is tensed, his look of determination almost comical when perfectly still. I unbuckle and look around the cabin, no one is moving. Our engines dark, waiting for that flame. I stop for a second, intense pain wracks my arm. It feels like someone is carving it with a knife but there's no tear in my suit. I exit the shuttle and stumble onto the launch platform. 

Frantic, I peel off the upper torso of my suit and roll back the sleeve of my flight suit underneath. Holy shit..

Looking as if it has been there my entire life is a simple sentence.

*However long it takes, save them.*

"What the fuck?" I say out loud. "I guess this means our plan doesn't work."

*If it was going to, there would be no need to stop time now would there?*

Holy shit the scar just changed. Someone is communicating with me somehow.

*Bravo, Watson.*

"You can read my thoughts?"

*No, I can't read your thoughts, I'm just a very good guesser.*

"Wait really?"

*Of course I can read your thoughts jackass*

"So how do I fix this?" 

*If I knew would I need you?* 

"Aren't you like god or something?"

*Maybe. Maybe I'm an alien, or maybe I'm a scientist from another dimension, or maybe just maybe you're hallucinating because you know this mission is a terrible idea*

"Its the last one isn't it?" 

*No I'm kidding I'm god.*

"Holy shit."

*Or am I?*

"Fuck"

This whole conversation burns because the scar has to reform every time.

*Good luck*

The enormity of my task really hits me. I never get to have human contact unless I save the entire human race by myself. 