Wow, I look down and read the letter again. After the first Red Dragon to Mars failure wiped Musk's finances out and him disappearing, I thought my Spacex dream was done. Winning the Intel International Science prize for highschoolers just three weeks ago and now this, they had to be related. Shaking with excitement I check the letterhead and return address, this seems legit. My carbon fibre fuel tank must have got Musk's attention. I ran into my mother and gushed about the possibilities, a smile touched her lips "That's great dear" she said but her gaze remained distant. 

This was nothing new, I've been helping with her meds for as long as I can remember. Getting a smile and a response was actually pretty great. Growing up with a mother that will let you wear your Spongebob PJs to school may sound great but I had to figure things out for myself and that hadn't made me very popular at school. All of that now seemed like a roadmap to destiny, I was going to meet Elon! As a kid his rocket landings, the Falcon Heavy, Red Dragon had me glued to the spacex reddit feed. Pouring over rocket specs, seeing those massive flaming plumes with their mach diamonds as yet another rocket pushed the future of humanity, ignited my passion for blowing things up! One advantage of having a heavily sedated mother was she didn't really have a clue her son was playing with highly explosive and potentially lethal chemistry / material science. Most of the time I wished I had the mother everyone told me about the fun loving, outgoing, smart woman that disappeared when she got pregnant with me. She turned born again christian and before I can even remember became the nervous shell of that woman I call mom but I can't deny that I probably wouldn't be where I am today if my life hadn't been exactly the way it was.

The coincidence of the timing wasn't lost on me, it seemed like my life was suddenly dripping off a budding screenwriter's pen. I had to keep reminding myself with 7 billion people, just as my life seemed to be veering towards destiny it was just one of the many possibilities, like a quantum wave function where each life lived by anyone is one of the possibilities some of them will storied success, tragedy and everything in between. This wasn't destiny, this was luck and luck can change.

To say I woke up on the day of the big event would imply I slept. As soon as the sun crested the horizon I was up and getting prepared. I chose the NASA t-shirt as I didn't want to be too much of a fanboy but I kept the x.com bankcard I'd bought off a memorabilia website in my wallet. I hadn't received instructions on who I was supposed to meet and where and truth be told I was a bit nervous it wasn't going to happen. Then at 8am a Tesla Model Y rolls into my driveway, I run out and the door opens. The car is empty but the central console lights up and Elon's face appears with his characteristic smirk "Get in, I've got something I want to show you". I sit down, the door closes and autopilot seems to know where we're going.

We turn onto the 101 but we didn't head to Hawthorne and the plant that had jumped into action just weeks earlier. Just as an idea was starting to form, Elon appeared back on the central panel "I hope you packed clean underwear, you're about to go on your first rocket trip" It clicked we're headed to Vanderberg. A million scenarios were all playing through my head as we were waved through Air Force based security with military efficiency. The vehicle stopped and I was ushered out by military personnel. With practised efficiency they got me fitted into a spacesuit, I'd tried asking questions but they didn't have answers or didn't feel a need to provide them. It didn't matter, I'd expected to meet Elon and get a factory tour, maybe a job if I played my cards right, this hadn't even entered the realms of possibility. After Spacex failed ULA and Blue Origin just settled back into expensive one off satellite launches and the space dream seemed to be back on hold but now here is Spacex seemingly still very much operational. 

All kitted up, I'm bundled in the back of a transport with two stoic chaperones, I can see the back of the launch pad in the distance as we circle around I'm trying to catch a glimpse of the rocket that will take me up. from the pad profile I know I'd be able to a falcon heavy docked there, so it's either a falcon 9 or something new. We continue the wide loop but as we get closer it's increasingly obvious there's no rocket on the pad, not even a transport erector or any sign of a rocket in the vicinity. Then the clouds above burst into flames as the charred body of a falcon 9 stage 1 rocket punctures through the clouds descending perfectly in to place on the launch pad. As the smoke starts to clear the heavens light up again and a stage 2 lands gracefully on top. Still fuming like a dragon the just gorged everything in the vicinity in flame we approach the fully formed rocket. Fuel lines are hooked up and the screeches and booms of hug sheets of metal flexing with the sudden change in temperature echos eerily as the lift takes me up. I climbed in eagerly but as I sit alone, strapped into a seat in the 7 man cockpit staring at the sky with the unearthly sounds still echoing around me I suddenly have a very vivid realisation of my own mortality and a massive uneasiness about my lack of control in all this. Before I have too much time to dwell we're the countdown starts ticking down dramatically. I'm suddenly wondering if Elon was serious about the spare underwear advice and the absurdity that I was now more worried about meeting Elon after shitting myself than I was about taking off in a rocket calmed me down and allowed me to appreciate the last few seconds of the countdown with a fatalistic serenity.

3 the engines thunder into life, like the sound a million thunderstorms rattling through you, competing to shake your brain from your skull. 2 some of the initial jitters subside as the thunder subsides into a constant roar. 1 the explosive releases as all the docking mechanisms and fuel lines are cut free. As close to 2 million pounds of thrust kicked in an involuntary swallow got stuck in my throat all the way from liftoff to max aerodynamic pressure. Once we were safely through max Q and MECO where the first stage falls away it became an almost serene journey. I looked out the window at the curvature of the earth and the darkness that is the huge emptiness of space and wondered about my destination. Unless the falcon 9 had some serious upgrades in the last 8 years I'm not going any farther than geostationary orbit, more likely some kind of space station. Probably a private one, I can't imagine he's been cramped up on the ISS all this time and before I have time to give it much time, the second stage flips and areobrakes. From the vantage of the flipped aerobraking position I can see the huge expanse of the pacific ocean below, with the sun glinting off it's surface and it is beautiful. We're clearly not heading into space so I wait for the boostback burn to take me home but it doesn't come. Panic is starting to set in, I'm falling to earth and I can see the altitude gauge spinning as we lose altitude at over a kilometre per second. Suddenly Elon's barking laugh booms over the speakers and I realise I've got my eyes closed. "Don't worry you're not going to die today or are you" one of his glib jokes falling flat "no just kidding, we haven't lost a rocket in years. You're just about to touchdown on Henderson Island over 7,000km from California in under 5 minutes. Pretty neat huh?". My mind is still doing loops as I drop through the clouds and land back on the first stage on a tropical launchpad. Shaken I get assisted out of the rocket, descend the elevator. Elon is waiting for me down below he laughs again as he sees me, I'm now wondering if this guy really is a hero or just insane. He comes over and puts his arm over my shoulder, pulls me in and says "If you think that was crazy, just wait till I tell you what happened your mother"