Rory lowered his smoking shotgun.

"Hell, I'll be darned if another one of them fire critters sets one of the fields ablaze again. Took me darn near an hour to put out the last one."

My daughter, Sofia, stares at him in disbelief, her eyes welling with tears.

She turns to me.

"Daddy, why did uncle Rory shoot the Dragon?"

We're in the country for my nephews wedding. If family ties hadn't forced me to be here, I wouldn't be.

"Uncle Rory has to look after his fields honey. The dragons make it hard to do that if they're on fire."

My tone is dull. I don't approve of my brother's actions.

"But that was a gold one! A girl! No one has ever seen one of them breathe fire before!"

Rory turns to my daughter, a chuffed look on his face.

"Little girl, if you're telling me them dragons don't breathe fire then who's been setting them in my fields?"

My daughter did have a point. No one had ever seen a female dragon make any sort of blaze. In fact, only the first ancient males that emerged from their slumber had been seen to produce flame. And the last of them had been killed over 12 years ago. Now there was just the dwindling population of their first round of spawning, no bigger than cats, slowly but surely being shot towards extinction.

"Uncle Rory has to look after his fields Sofia. That's his job."

I pick her up.

"Why don't we go inside? It's getting late."

She nods, deflated, and takes my hand to shuffle inside, the last of the sun's rays glinting of her golden locks.

Her energy doesn't return, and she goes to bed without protest.

I retire shortly after.

It's well into the witching hour before dawn that I wake. I look over to Sofia's bed. She is not in it.

She's been one to sleepwalk before, and stress does nothing to help it. I pull on my jacket and shoes and quietly go searching for her.

It seems she's made it out of the house, the front door is still swinging softly on its hinges.

She's not asleep then, I think to myself. And I know where she's gone.

It doesn't take long to find her.

She's kneeling over the crumpled body of the fallen dragon, shivering.

I take my jacket off and move to put it around her shoulders, when she speaks.

"Daddy, she's still alive."

I look at the broken thing sprawled in the dust and blood on the ground.

Its little chest stays still for so long, then just as I am about to soothe Sofia, it drops, and it lets out a wheezy sigh.

Sofia places a soft hand on the tiny broken thing.

It's eyes dart towards her. There is no fear there tough.

It makes cooning noise, and makes to move, but pangs of pain shoot through it.

Sofia gently puts her hands under it and raises it to her chest.

The creature doesn’t resist.

Then the shivering stops.

"It's warm Daddy!"

I break myself from my trance and place a gentle hand on the little thing. It’s scales seem to glimmer.

I almost see what looks like concern in its eyes. Not for itself, but for Sofia.

"Let’s get her out of here. If she's strong enough to last out here, there might be someone who can save her."

We gently but hastily shuffle towards my car. I set them both up in the back seat.

Just as we are pulling out of the gate, I catch a glimpse of a dirt bike zipping away from a growing pillar of smoke, reflecting dancing flames, in the middle of Rory's field.

Dragon's never were the problem.
