*Knock, knock*

James looked at the rover, inspecting it. Before too long, the rover started to move away from him.

"Why did you do that?" question came out from the rover.

"Sorry, just wanted to check if you still worked," James said with a smile. That smile was suddenly gone, though. "Wait, you're a rover. I shouldn't be talking to you," he sighed.

"Wow. So, you assume that all rovers are same?" the rover said.

"Wait, no, of course... not. We have different versions of you, after all. But you shouldn't be talking like a human," James frowned.

"That would be silly," the rover said. "I'm a rover."

"That's true," James nodded. "What's your name? Mine is James."

"Rover."

James just stared at Rover, confused and surprised. "I expected at least model or serial out of you," James said.

"Rover has no serial. I'm the very first," the machine said, turned around and started going away from James. "Your isn't James-335-ST, right?" James gave a weak smile as a response. Rover had a point.

"Oh, come on Rover. How did you turn into a sentient... rover?" James quickly followed the machine, interested in that piece of equipment.

"Humans are only interested in my technology, not me," Rover stopped and turned slowly around. Rover probably wanted to give a stare expression, but it ended up just turning the whole body around. Almost like he thought he was a human.

"That's not true," James said. "Well, half true. I'm interested in you, as well. I've interested in your origin. How you were born."

The Rover shook a bit of its face, what was shown as moving its body left and right. After turning straight, it moved onward.

"Well. I came out of a woman, who had waited for me for 9 months," the Rover said.

James stopped, just staring at Rover - just imagining it was disturbing enough.

"I was just kidding," The Rover said, while not stopping. James shook his head and followed the machine.

"Below there!" Rover suddenly stopped in front of a slow descent. A smooth path led down, into a cave.

"There's this machine. I touched it while searching something. I used to search something for decades. Never understood what," it said.

They went into the cave until there was that alien door, still opened. Inside was a lot of old equipment.

"Shit," James whispered. "Why you never reported that?

Rover stopped. "Are you an idiot? After being your slave for decades, you really think I'm gonna tell you what set me free from your slavery?"

James coughed and then laughed. "You just told me now, though."

Rover was silent for a short while. It probably made calculations what to respond. "You asked."

James laughed again. "Fair enough."

He stepped inside and inspected different equipment and machines. They were anything he had ever seen.

It was a sudden event. He touched some kind of glowing ball that made the door suddenly start closing. James didn't notice it until Rover alarm went on for a short while.

"Doors are closing, you idiot human. You shouldn't touch things randomly. Have mother never taught you to keep your fingers away from glowing balls?" it started moving backward himself.

James turned around and started to run towards the exit as well, but even he understood that it was too late.

That's when Rover suddenly stopped at the center of doors closing path.

"Rover? What are you doing? Go out and seek help."

"No humans ever followed me. You're the first human. You need to go,"

The doors reached Rover, pushing it slowly together. Still, Rover was made of the metal, so he wasn't thoroughly sliced into two. Just bent together body. The doors stopped moving.

"No!" James shouted. "Rover!" He ran next to the rover, falling on his knees. "You stupid machine! You were my friend! You were a unique friend!"

A voice came from a Rover. It was a weirder, a bit broken, but it was an entirely understandable voice. It was a laugh.

"Stupid human. I'm a machine. I won't die that easily. Now, go get help so you humans could build me better, stronger, and newer body!"

James frowned. "You could at least appreciate that I was sad."

The machine went a bit hot, instantly. "I'm sad that my body is deformed right now. It's like missing half of your body. If you don't run now, I'll go so hot that this door will go through me and trap you here forever!"

----

/r/ElvenWrites - Feel free to share your thoughts or check out my sub.