The first sign that something was....off...was during the wedding planning.

"Is your mother coming?" I asked.  

"No," Arash said.  And he said no more about it.

We had been engaged for nearly eight months, and had been introduced by the matchmaker seven months before that, and I had yet to meet any members of his family.  Were it not for the fact that  Arash was as upstanding a member of the community as could be, and wealthy enough to not only outright own an estate crossed by two rivers but to have a silvermine within, my parents would not likely have agreed to the marriage.  Especially not MY mother, who along with her mother and my father's mother would spirit me away to spin wool in a hut rather than marry me to a man wealthy in money and bankrupt of spirit.

Still.

The second sign that something was off was after the wedding.  

Though I had not known a man before, I was not entirely naive, not after years of my bedroom window facing my father's stables where his stallions bred his mares, and not after watching the serving girls and stableboys coupling in the hayloft.  As a young girl, I never understood why my favourite handmaids would grow tired, then cry without warning, then vanish.  By the time I was old enough to marry, I knew.  When I was sixteen years old, I kept a book, measuring the time from when I first saw a couple in the hayloft until the time the girl's belly began to swell or she disappeared, whichever came first.  In two years, I counted fifteen different girls in the hayloft, and but for one, all were visibly pregnant or vanished in eight months.  The last took a year, and of the fourteen, seven were visibly pregnant within six months.  

Despite having regular congress with my husband, I passed the first year of my marriage without becoming pregnant.  And then the second year.  Fearing that I was barren, I consulted an herb-woman, asking for advice. 

"Who is your husband?" she asked.  

I told her, and she shrugged.  

"Have you considered that the problem is not you?  Before your marriage he would lie with the courtesans at the manse by the river, many times, and has never once left a bastard. Humph.  Here, now, take this and bathe in it. No," she said, holding up a hand.  "It's not magic and it's not forbidden.  It smells nice.  It might entice him."  

I took the small packet and smelled it.  I could identify myrrh and cinnamon, and something rich and dark that I couldn't name.  I slipped it into my purse and pulled out her payment.

The week after visiting the herb-woman, my courses began.  Two weeks after, I held the herb packet in my hand and stared into the bath.  It took another three days to summon the courage to use it.  

Whatever the herb-woman mixed worked as described: after taking a long, hot bath with only half of the packet mixed in, Arash lay with me every day for a week.  I drew another bath after that week and poured in the rest of the mixture.  He joined me where I lay in the water, and the water began to steam, and his hands left red marks where he touched me, and my skin felt melted and flayed, and between my legs was such horrifying fiery agony that I wept, and when the morning came I went to the herb-woman for another packet of whatever was in there and dragged him to the bath myself that night because *I wanted more of that.*  Arash was very happy to oblige.

Ten days after that first bath, a deep, burning sensation settled into my lower body.  It was painful, but not unbearably so.  Soon after that, my breasts began to ache, and my courses didn't come, and I knew I was finally pregnant. 

&#x200B;