They said we were loved. That we were a people blessed with the gift of a new world. That they had taken us from our decaying home and saved us. It was all we ever heard.

The conveyor moved with a click and a whir.

They spoke of time lost and time gained. Their tones were always gentle as they gave us the most horrid history.  They were always there, always watching. They told us the world outside was dangerous, that here we were safe.

The conveyor shifted with a grunting clack.

Millions of us apparently had made this trip. They said that there must be billions of us by now. But no, we could never meet the others. Once, we'd thought we could roam this place. They had seen to it that we wouldn't.  I still think about that video we'd seen, played on every wall of over corridor of every building. The two of us who had gone out, hand in hand. And the swooping shadow that left nothing but blood and screams in its wake.

The conveyor rumbled forward. A door scraped open and grated shut.

They told us we were to never look past the walls. Sometimes the walls just closed on us, forcing us behind them. They gave us food and water, the grey bits and clear stuff all that went into our mouths. What was the time they mentioned to us?

The conveyor shuddered onward. A door whooshed open and slammed shut. A desperate cry.

They said that we were safe. What is safe? They never told us. They said to not look out the windows. But we never saw anything like these windows. The lights were on, then off, then on again. They told us that was a day.

The conveyor tossed this one forward. The door hungrily parted before crunching shut behind.

They stood there. Clanking and whirring, sparks sometimes crackling. "6734, you are loved. 6734, you are safe. 6734, you bring new life." Above this one something started spinning fast, oh so fast. It crept down, down, down.

Jerking, what is this, spasming, this doesn't feel good, so much red, so much red. They told us we were loved. I don't want to be loved.