  
There are several things I imprison in my mind - nuclear war, murderous revenge, rags to riches fantasies...and acquiring sudden wealth by defrauding my firm. You have to understand: being a chartered accountant means that creativity is exceptionally specialised in one field and abysmal in any other place. Once in a while, Andrew tells me of one weird event or the other that passes through the rumour mill. Some are relatable, others are irksome, but most are outright unbelievable.   
'You've lost your mind, Andy!' I would say. 'That's impossible!'   
Ironically, I had been repeating those words to myself for the past three weeks - so many times it had become a personal mantra. I could go as far as to say it was an anchor to my new found image. What image? You ask. The comical one of a 40-year-old accountant believing aliens are real. So real, as a matter of fact, that I suspiciously - no - fearfully, regarded my coffee maker as an interstellar beacon and tool of abduction.   
You see, it all started with a cup of coffee on a routine day. I'd done it ever since Blair assault bombed himself out of office. Three weeks ago, my coffee maker decided to do the same to me. As usual, I groggily flipped the switch on the old thing and waited for the cacophony of sounds to verify its obedience. Instead, I got nothing. Impatiently, I knocked the offending device on its head and yelled out in pure surprise. It retaliated by spewing whole coffee beans at me - out of what unholy orifice I am still left wondering. Having completed its first attack, it must have expected a counter-attack. As soon as I was on my feet, the machine decided to properly wake me up with scalding hot water. More dreadful than the physical pain was the mental stigma of being boiled by one's own coffee machine.   
I consider myself - as most men do - a brave man, but I bolted out of the kitchen like a man pursued by a demon. The clanking sound behind me confirmed the worst of my fears: the demon was my formerly obedient coffeemaker. The door to the bathroom provided a temporary refuge, before it too, was blown to bits by weaponised coffee beans. Trembling like a little girl, I watched the possessed device hop a few feet and stop. Terror gave birth to dreadful silence as it beheld me in all the glory of my masculine cowardice. My eyes frantically searched for the opening on the coffee maker that Death would use to greet me.   
Instead, it emitted a string of gibberish and ended with a raised tone. Whether mockery or question, I never found out. But, my brain kicked in to establish some means of diplomacy to negotiate for my life.  
'Coffeemaker?' I replied.   
Even today, I believe that was a textbook example of what was to happen when you answered your assailant's question with a question of your own.   
Coffeemaker gave a frightful scream, certainly decimating one eardrum as it grew to the size of a fridge. If you can imagine a sentient refrigerator and a man in a humble restroom, you may understand how cornered I was. There was a flash of bright light and a painful jerk. I clearly remember seeing God's green earth shrink from the size of a planet to a pea and nothing more.   
I awoke with a terrible fever on my couch. If the coffee beans on the floor, the puddle of water and the red mark on my arm were not present, I would have dismissed it as a nightmare. But, this was no nightmare. Nightmares are well imprisoned in my mind. This was horror: a nightmare that graduated from the realm of dreams and haunted the lands of the living. The coffee maker was still there, pretending to be inanimate. That day, I locked up the house with mind and body trembling and ran for a hotel. I had heard of the fear of God. The coffee maker stamped that firmly on my soul.   
This morning, I summoned the courage to prove the state of my sanity and made it back. From the glances caught, I must have looked like a death row convict on his way to the noose. I certainly felt like it. The kitchen was just the way I'd left it...or the way Coffeemaker did - whichever one of us left last. I dared to breathe out loud.   
The Coffeemaker responded with a louder breath. That alone made me turn on my heels, but it spoke again.   
'Wait!'   
Without hesitation, I obeyed.   
'Is your primary identification phrase: Connery Albert Sidney?'   
'Yes, sir.' I said, quickly. I didn't attempt turning to face the living device.   
'We are not arresting you. You can put your hands down.'   
I swiftly obeyed again.   
'Face us, Connery Albert Sidney.'   
I spun on a heel the way a soldier would during a parade. Coffeemaker was no different than before, despite the mechanical voice that appeared to emanate from it.   
'You were wrongfully abducted by a trainee of the Coutin-Orgould Faustian Frenetic Eutaxic Enquiry. You also sustained moderate physical and considerable psychological harm. The Perfectionist Orgould Committee has taken note of the injustice. Would you like to press charges against the COFFEE?'   
My instinct as an accountant kicked in.   
'What are the legal fees?'   
'All fees will be handled by the P.O.C.'   
My mind began to race. I was not crazy after all! Despite an uncanny naming culture for their organisations, aliens were real.   
'Connery Albert Sidney?' The voice asked.   
'Yes...And I know what sentence I would deem fair.'