She had seen with her eyes blood like power dreeping from the vains of a man. She stood firm white and cold. She felt as a cold wind had passed threw her heart possesing her while the pleasure of heartlessness was pulsing threw her vains like heroine, making every area of her body feeling frozen but yet burning in pleasure at the same time. The Grim reaper had come.

She could feel a dark peacefull presence around her, it came for the body. She felt lifted in the air but then fell back down and then all there was left was the empty vessel which was the dead corp and a bloody dripping knife. All was back to earth. But what was the meaning to life. She had tasted the power of a god but had became a mortal again.

Frozen in time watching the corpe she said. 
"If i could feel this power again and be one with my love" when suddenly a police officer arrived and said "Stop police, hands in the airs and turn around." So she did as asked. The officer then hand cuffed the young girl and brought her to the car while calling calling for an ambulance as fast as possible to come and save the man which was laying in the street.

It was too late the man was dead and the grim reaper had passed. She could see the man's face bieng covered and the ambulence driving away with his fate. All she could sense was judgment. She felt as his soul was in court and all there was was the Grim Reaper by him holding him in chain to the tribunal.

After having explain to the officer the that she found him passing by and was shocked. She was let go and brought back to her parents. Her parents then came to her to ask her how she felt about what happened. So she answered. " I don't know, am good" 

Later that night she was awaken with dry eyes fealing as if her teeth had sharpen and her throat was as dry as sand. All she could feel was this coldness all over her and her heart burning on fire for blood like it was the power of god. So she got up and got dress. She walked out the door to go out to a small street where she knew an old man would always sit in the early morning or late at night.

She look at the man and said. " Hi, am Elisa, I see you everyday here sitting, why?" the man then mumble, " I sit here because there is nothing better to do then look at the peacefull night" So she sat by him and said. "would you do me a favor" the man then looking at the innocent young girl said. "Whats that? What can i do for you young women?"

She answered. " I need your life to see my loved one and to feel his power again" so the old man answered" "What was that sorry I dont understand, my what?" She then said " Pleas stand up you will see". So the old man took his can and stood up. She then took the can out of his hand and he fell to the floor. 

He then said " My cannn you bitch, why my cannn, you took my cann." 

"But i need you blood, to feel his presence, the presence of my love one" she said pulling from her belt a fishing kife she had took from her dads tackle box. " So the old man then screamed in horror and said" Pleas No, Pleas dont do this to me!" 

She was clumbsy as it was her first time. So she swung at him once hitting his arm and slashing deeply into his wrist. The blood then started dripping on the old man's jean, jacket and face as he was screaming noooo pleas noooo in pain. Seeing how hard it was to hit the old man face, she decided to slash his foot cutting deep in his ancle and the man was screaming but all she could feel was the pleasure of this pain and this burning frost filling her heart. 

It was harder then she thought so she decided to look and wait as he was dripping blood. The old man was trying to crawl away screaming for help but no one was around to help him. Seeing he was not yet dead filled with a cold wind going threw her lungs and to her vains like ecstasy she decided to try to slash at him again and she hit the side of his leg where blood started gushing out like a fountain.

So there it was this presence again, this peace, this fullfillment of destiny, she said pleas why not take me also with you so i can be with you. This feeling, this power then back on earth she was. So she sat on the bench feeling empty and mortal again when she took the kife and open her own throat.

She fell to the ground and stood to see her own body by her side. There it was in front of her the Grim Reaper. He then said "Come with me" in a dark hallow voice grabing her wrist to the judgment. She was brought to a dark room with a great light in front of her. She tried to move but was forced by a power to kneed down. So she said. I felt the love and power and only wanted to see and feel it again. 

Stairs fell from the sky and a man dressed in white came to take her away where peace and understanding was found for ever more.

