We landed on Decapod 10, hesitant of what we would find there. We had monitored the planet from afar, and had discovered that a slightly lobster-like humanoid race inhabited this rock. It was a beautiful planet, although their mating rituals were peculiar-almost similar to that of penguins, except they all seemed to die afterwards.

They seemed to possess some intelligence, so our mission was to see if they could be of some use to the giant beauracracy the solar system had become. Even Earth had mutants, so lobster creatures, though hideous, could still be useful.

Of course, although our mission was that of peace, we came as though war were declared. As it turned out, this was a good decision.

We stepped onto the beach a little offshore from where the Decapodians resided. Slowly, cautiously, we walked within their line of sight. They came out and stared, confused, for a moment; a long moment during which many of us contemplated whether this species was actually intelligent.

"Greetings," I said in the common tongue understood by most planets' inhabitants. "May I speak with your leader? We mean you no harm."

They seemed to become even more perplexed as words left my mouth, strangely enough. I assumed they didn't speak the language, so I knelt as a gesture of peace.

I stood, and saw them advancing toward us, strange fins now protruding from atop their heads, claws clacking furiously. Immediately, we drew our artillery-and, to our surprise, they scuttled away, legs crouched to either side, claws raised clacking in the air on either side of their heads, and uttering the strangest sound I had yet heard: "Wuuuuubwubwubwubwubwubwubwub!"

They scuttled away in this fashion, hiding behind rocks somewhat stealthily, aside from the fact that we had literally watched them retreat. We advanced, weapons drawn, and slowly reached the rocks. Suddenly one of the Decapodians sprung out at a member of my squad, latching onto her face and clawing and biting as she fumbled for her weapon. Our gunshots rang. We took out the monster who took our friend. But she had eventually stopped twitching, and now lay still upon the beach.

Amidst this commotion, we heard the familiar clacking and, somewhat more silent, cowardly wubbing of the rest of the monsters retreating. We watched as one feebly threw a rock at us, hitting nothing. 

Our comrade dead and our enemy slain, we advanced. There was no movement amongst the rocks, just a nervous hush.

We advanced as quietly as we could, but of course our boots were heavy and the rocks were covered in loose pebbles. I marveled at the fact that none of them had come for us. 

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw a shadow. I peered around the rock to find one of the Decapodians huddling, rock in hand, oblivious to my presence. I spoke softly, and it didn't move at all. Perplexed, I looked around. Many of them huddled in this same fashion, eyes closed, not hearing me at all.

Befuddled, I walked to the rest of my squad. "I think they're deaf," I said. We looked at each other for a moment, trying to decide the best course of action. We had encountered this problem before, of course, so the best option seemed to go back to the ship and call headquarters.

As we walked back, a large space ship landed directly atop our shuttle! We stared, transfixed, as an elderly gentlemen wearing spectacles with comically long lenses and a scientist's labcoat, and a Decapodian in a doctor's uniform walked out, chattering amongst themselves. "Oh my," the elderly man says. "What did we land on this time?" "It seems to be a ship, Hubie," says the strange Decapodian with a shock of brown hair. It was at this moment that they finally noticed us. "Oh, I'm sorry, was this yours?" says the older gentleman, waving nonchalantly to the remnants of our shuttle. "I can't see very well because of the cataracts, or whatever it is old people get."

I come out of my stunned silence, and exclaim, "How do you know of this place?" Space travel was fairly new, and this man was quite obviously not. "And how does this Decapodian speak? Their race appears to be deaf."

"Oh, right. Well, it seems I've invented something that makes entire planets able to hear," says the older man, pulling a large, complex mechanism seemingly from nowhere. "John and I are from the future, and we were bored, so we decided to come stop the genocide that happened on many planets due to an environmental hearing disability. We call it the Miracle Ear Planet Edition. I created it by....." he continued to ramble as we all tried our hardest to pay attention to the strange things he was saying. He hit a button, and the large screeching wail was the last thing any of us heard before we passed out.

I came to first and immediately sat up to see the Decapodian known as John hovering curiously over one of my comrades with what appeared to be a bone saw, and the rest of the Decapodians milling about curiously. "No, John, put that down," says the old man, who then notices my crew beginning to rouse."Oh, I'm sorry," he says to me. "I forgot to warn you to plug your ears. The sound is quite loud." He walks over to me as I stand slowly. "My name is Dr. Hubert Farnsworth, and over there is my colleague, Dr. John Zoidberg. Decapod 10 should have full use of its hearing now, and I have made them aware of the existence of life on other planets. Would you care for a lift back to your ship? It's the least we could do after smashing your poor shuttle." 

I looked at my team, all of which looked extremely uneasy but saw that we had no choice, so we followed the madmen up the ramp to their sophisticated yet beat-up ship. We guessed that our shuttle wasn't the first thing Dr. Farnsworth had hit. 

The ship was filled with what looked to be experiments; mechanical gadgets and chemicals and things that I was fairly certain did not need to be haphazardly thrown into a moving vehicle. After what seemed to be an eternity, we arrived at our ship. They connected, and Dr. Farnsworth and Dr. Zoidberg stood watching us hastily return to our ship. As I exited last, Dr. Zoidberg yells, "Have a nice flight! Wuuuuuubwubwubwubwubwubwubwub" as they both grinned insanely at us. They shut their door, our ships detached from each other, and they zoomed off at a speed the likes of which I had never witnessed.

We returned, gave our report, and I promptly resigned. I'm an accountant now, with a wife, a child on the way, and a best friend named Hermes, who is my coworker and locally famous for his skills at doing the limbo. I'm happy. Sometimes I wonder what could have been had I continued traversing through space, but I imagine that Dr. Farnsworth has cleared up that hearing problem by now.