"Are you ready?"

Emperor Johnson looked at me with uncertainty in his eyes. After everything that'd happened, I wasn't sure, either. It was finally upon us, and I didn't know what was going to happen. We had been so meticulous with our actions, so careful, yet one mistake could end everything, end our... Now wasn't the time to think about that. We were too far to turn back. I turned to the Emperor and nodded, scared out of my mind. He noticed my fear and gave me a less than reassuring pat on the shoulder.

As we walked through the doors, I noticed something was off. Everyone was here, but there was just something... different. Everyone was seated in their usual spot, everyone shared the same steely look, but the room held a different air. I assumed it was my nerves getting the best of me, but that same twang of doubt held fast in the back of my mind. 

The Emperor sat on his throne, and I took my place by his side. He began his address.

"Hello, it is a pleasure to see you all once again. Our army has made considerable progress since our last meeting, as Chief Leader of Defense O'Henry will now tell you."

O'Henry began speaking of our military's progress in Morrofolk. She spoke with no remorse for what she was sending our troops into, or for what she was doing to the people of Morrofolk. With every second I became more certain that, no matter what, this needed to be done. I looked back to Emperor Johnson, who was looking off in the distance. I could only imagine what he was going through, he'd been under their control since he was born, and to be so close to freedom... He was the bravest man I'd ever known, to hold such a determined and focused look during a time like this. It was unbelievable, amazing, moving. His eyes were moving, what was he looking at?

As I turned the direction his gaze was focused, a shot rang out. I spun back towards the Emperor. There was a large hole in the center of his forehead, blood pouring out of it. Everyone had dispersed, guards and all. No one showed any care for the Emperor, or his assassin, but me. I ran over to his corpse and held his head in denial, looking for any sight of life.

"I have done it!" the murderer cried in celebration. "The tyrant is dead, the Empire has been saved!"

"What have you done...?"

"I just told you! I saved the day, got the girl, and claimed my rightful spot on the throne so that I may lead the Empire to peace and prosperity! You no longer have to serve this monster!"

"What have you DONE!?" I screamed, tears running down my eyes.

"More of a visual learner, eh? All right, chum, I'll show you! GUARDS, ladies~."

The guards reentered the room, weapons at their sides. A group of prostitutes followed closely behind.

"All righty! Hey, everybody! I, Jerome Hepatacious the Third, hereby reclaim the throne of the Holy Empire of Scientology in the name of Hepatacious!"

All the guards and prostitutes in the room bowed to the new Emperor without hesitation.

"And, uh, you! Serving boy!" He waved his hand in my direction. "How would YOU like to be the right hand of the Emperor?"

"...It would be an honor, your Highness." I said, holding back my anger with a patience that only comes with years of practice.

"Fantastic!" he exclaimed, putting extra emphasis on 'tas'. "Gaurds! Lead me and the servant to my chambers! I must dawn my proper robes before I address the aboding public." His grammar, much like his cognizance, seemed to be lacking.

The guards lead us back to the Emperor's bedroom. Hepatacious swiftly claimed the room, and made sure everyone with us knew so. He proudly put one of the Emperor's robes on over his clothes, and admired his reflection for a solid 20 seconds.

"Guards, give me and the boy a few moments alone, would you? What am I saying, of course you would!" He put his arm around one of the guards and lead him out of the room. "You guys are great, really. Stay frosty, I'll need you in a few."

"So, how do you like it?" he asked me, excitedly, once all the guards had finished leaving. "Never been in an Emperor's room, now have ya?"

"What have you done?" I asked, with hate in my eyes.

"Really? I thought the whole 'reclaim the throne' spiel woulda been enough of a hint."

"YOU KILLED OUR CHANCE OF PEACE!"

"Whoa, chill man-"

"I will NOT 'chill'! Do you have any idea what was going on before you murdered the Emperor!?"

"Ok, first, I prefer the term 'liberated his soul'-"

"Why?" I pleaded.

"Well, it just feels nicer than 'murdered'-"

"No, why did you kill him?"

"Because he was evil! I mean, the war with Morrofolk is out of control! Have you seen those Unified Province documentaries? Those people just want to live their lives, and we were all like 'noooo, you gotta be part of us now!' It's not right, man! But don't you worry! First thing I'm gonna do as Emperor is end the war! I'm gonna announce it in my address, free those poor people, and win the hearts of millions!"

"They'll kill you."

"Wha- who?"

"Your precious 'guards'."

"No! They love me, they'll do anything I say! I'm the Emperor!"

"Do you really think that means anything!? The Council are the only people who have real power in the Empire. The Emperor is merely a figurehead for the people, someone that would redirect assassination attempts from the Council. Why do you think no guards tried to kill you?"

"Because they recognized my rightful place on the throne!"

"Because they had to keep the only people that truly matter alive. They were all there, and all we had to do was go through with the plan, but then you killed Emperor Johnson."

"What 'plan'?"

"Look."

I turned on the television, and as I expected there was a 'breaking news' alert broadcasting.

"- have been killed. Shots are being fired from all sides, it's a war zone. If you're just tuning in now, there've been several bombings. One at each of the Council member's houses. There have been an estimated 43 nobles killed. Since the explosions, riots have been growing larger by the minute, starting with breaking windows and escalating to shootings. The amount of carnage caused is unfathomable, I've never seen anything-" I muted the television.

"What... what happened?" Hepatacious asked, horrified.

"The plan, or the part of it you hadn't ruined."

"You... you killed their families?"

"Council seats are passed down through families. The only way to assure the end of the Council's tyranny was to kill them all."

"But, there were kids..."

"Kids raised by those monsters. They would have turned out the same as their parents."

"Y-you don't know that! They were innocent!"

"Nobody's innocent. Like you, you killed the Emperor and caused the Council to retreat before they ate. Do you know how hard it was for the Emperor and I to orchestrate all of this? Do you know how hard it was to bribe the chefs, convince the peasants that this would bring them the peace they longed for!?"

"You were gonna poison the Council...?"

"That was the only chance we had to kill them all at the same time and you ruined it! The Council lives, and everyone else is dying. You think things were bad? You have no idea what the Council's capable of. But, at least you've won in one way. They will probably pull our troops out of Morrofolk and focus them on keeping the people in line. The Empire will probably turn into a military state. Thousands will die, and the rest will be in worse condition than ever. So, I hope you're happy with what you've done. You'll have to live with it, or, more likely, die."

The guards then burst through the doors and put my arms behind my back.

"You're under arrest for the murders of 43 nobles and the conspiracy of the murders of the members of the Council." one of the guards told me. "You will be held in a cell until you're tried by the Council for the counts presented. If you struggle, we can and will not hesitate to kill you on the spot."

"Your Highness," another guard said, "the people are waiting for your address."

"R-right... right."

"This way."

As Hepatacious was escorted away, he turned back to look at me one last time. I returned his gaze with the same steely look the Council had less than an hour ago. He turned back as the guards started dragging me away.

I heard later that the 'Emperor' was shot by a rioter at his address before he could get a single word out. Didn't surprise me, the guy had no idea what he was getting into. I suppose, in the end, neither did I. I was sentenced to death, but I expected that. The surprising part was what happened to the Council. There was a civil war between them. They ended up killing most of each other and the only one left went mad and crowned himself Emperor. The guards would follow just about anyone to the death, but not this guy. They ended up throwing him in the cell next to mine. He killed himself. Choked on his bread.

The Empire is in anarchy right now. No discernable leader, and everyone and their mother is claiming to be the 'one true heir'. Nobody's remembered me, not that they knew of me in the first place. I'm still stuck in my cell. No water, no food. I'll probably die in a day or so. And the only one that will ever know of any of this is you.

As I said that, the rat ran away to tell my tale to the world.