"Do you want a drink?"

So unacclimatised to being the one asked instead of asking, it takes me somewhat offguard. The usual rejoinder dies on my lips, before I realise it perhaps will suffice even now. 

"What harm will it do?" I try not to imagine Viv's usual scowl as the girl smiles. The acidity of the gin hits hard against the guilt already churning in my stomach. 

The thing is, now it might actually do some damage. My eye keeps being drawn to my wristwatch, a thirtieth gift from Viv. I can't stop sweating, but somehow she doesn't notice, or puts this down to nerves. Between polite chuckles and muttered affirmation, I ask myself 'are you really doing this?'
But it's easy, somehow, just to stay here, just to feed anecdotes and smile as she occasionally touches my arm. It feels nostalgic, like something I've  forgotten, a normalcy as innocuous as the particular tread of a pair of well worn shoes. I can't remember the last time Viv and I sat like this, chatting in a bar, drink in hand. It was definitely before the pregnancy, somewhere less central. There was a dingy little alehouse I seem to recall, with cheap beer and a half decent jukebox that was a particular favourite. It's name escapes me now.

But Viv won't now, of course, even with the false safety of the rejoinder. Because neither of us really knows the harm, no one does. The rules so far have not applied to an extent, and yet seem to apply even more vigorously. Although there've been some high profile long-termers (or long-haulers as I heard as couple of nurses saying at our last scan), the science is still sketchy. We're members of a quite exclusive medical trial, but even the doctors have no idea when or even if it will yield any results.

That scan was the catalyst for the mother of all rows  that landed me here on a barstool, contents of my wardrobe stowed in the boot of my car. No one so far at the office has commented on the state of my appearance but it's only a matter of time. I recall dimly as I order another round I had decided to try and see if it was safe to return tonight. Maybe tomorrow. 

It was the same fight, of course, that we'd been having for years now. Like they say all roads lead to the sea, and Viv has an immaculate ability to lead back to old wounds without you realising it. It's not really surprising I suppose.

After the second year, it had seemed like a miracle. Our child was going to be special, and not just the run of the mill, unique mix of our DNA special most parents gush over. Through first half decade this feeling only grew, as attention was drawn our way. Journalists wanting exclusive rights to cover the birth, institutions wanting research permission. There was even a sponsorship deal on the cards at one point. All so long ago, of course. As the public interest wained, so grew a sense of lethargy. Until year seven Viv had thrown pre-birthdays, but somehow we no longer had the energy. The parents we'd started out with, attended neo-natal classes with until it became clear that was a long term strategy, their children started going to school. It became background, the status quo for a while, like waiting for YellowStone to erupt. 

Which is exactly how the next stage began to feel. Like sulpherous death brewing quietly beneath the earth's crust, I began to wonder what it might just be that we were going to unleash on the world. The first Super Child had just been given an honorary place in the Russian Army, all the papers were going crazy about it. Words like super soldier started to be  thrown at you, and you just had to grin and laugh them away. But it seems inevitable. There's never been a fifteen year child. Even if I wanted to protect it, even if it somehow wasn't the harbinger of doom from my nightmares, how could I even try? Now super powers have a currency, there'll be a never ending queue of bidders for it. It won't be mine for long, not really. Which is perhaps why the feelings of pride and euphoria I first felt at the thought of being a dad have gone.

I can feel myself slurring my words, not used to the alcohol. Fifteen years sober will do that for you. What started as a support pact feels now more like a prison sentence. And of course it's worse for Viv, I know that. I can cheat, sneak a morning coffee or sushi for lunch. The physical toll is something I can't imagine. She's always tired, always aching from some fresh pain. I hate what it's done to her, what it's taken from her. I barely recognise the Viv I painted the nursery with, who was so excited to be a mum. It scares her too, I know, this thing we've made. We used to talk about that fear, share it in the small hours. Now there doesn't seem to be anything to do but fight. Anger feels better than helpless dread.
'Maybe when it's born it will be normal,' I think as she takes my hand and pulls me to her. 'Maybe this will all be a fifteen year long nightmare and we'll finally have the family we set out for all that time ago.' But if tonight's the last night before the inevitable, as I've wondered every night for over a decade, then I see nothing but flames. I let her let her lead me up the hotel stairs and into the fire.