My hands shook as I gripped the door handle and prepared myself to step out of the car that had driven me to my final test. The tinted windows failed to reduce the suns glare one iota, making me squint as it shone in the passenger window. I knew I was in Texas, but I had never been here before so I had no idea what town I was in and the driver had hardly been a well of information since I had started this journey. At most I had received one word answers which had degenerated into a series of noncommittal grunts as the drive had proceeded. Suddenly feeling the urge to say something in farewell to the well dressed, sunglass-wearing man who had been my companion for seven hours and forty-three minutes, I turned to look at him only to be met with a skinny finger pointing past me. 

“Out” he grunted, his tone brooking no argument. I was shocked to say the least, since I thought we had started to bond over our shared music taste. I had taken his noncommittal grunts to be those of agreement. Evidently not. He probably likes Justin Bieber anyway I thought to myself maliciously.

“It was a pleasure, my good sir. I hope your drive down here was as enjoyable as mine.” I retorted sarcastically, feeling more than a mite proud of myself for such a clever comeback. With no small amount of trepidation, I pulled on the door handle and stepped out of the car into the beating sunlight. It was unbearable. I felt like a turkey in an oven; slow roasting. I would be a delicious meal. The thought made me smirk a little bit, probably, no, definitely reducing my standing in the eyes of the county sheriff who had magically appeared in front of me. 

His uniform was impeccable; the buttons were shined so much that I they looked like they were little suns themselves, his uniform was pressed and the tiny goatee surrounding his thin, unimpressed mouth was as straight as an arrow. I was impressed, yet terrified. I imagined that his eyes were evil, squinty portals to hell behind the solid black of his aviators. Trying my best not to show how nervous I was, I stuck out my hand to shake his, all the while keeping my eyes locked on the inky darkness that were his eyes.

“Ted Winters, my good sir. I’m here about a crime scene.” I said, trying to appear calm and chipper. The sheriff disdainfully looked at my hand before reluctantly shaking it. 

“Sheriff Franks” He replied sternly, as though he was trying to chastise me for choosing to follow this career path and consequently ending up in his town that day. His grip was like iron and I could feel my bones grinding together as he squeezed my hand. It felt like those few seconds lasted a lifetime and when he finally released my hand, I flexed it to make sure I could still use all my fingers. Without saying a word, the sheriff turned and walked away.

I dithered for a moment, not knowing whether to follow him and deciding that I may as well since I had no idea where the hell else I was meant to go. He led me around the side of a brick-faced Mexican restaurant, which sat just off to the side of the main road, and into the car park behind it. The first thing I noticed was the random yellow bench just outside the restaurants back door; stumped, I frowned at it for a second wondering why it was there until I stumbled on the edge of a curb that encompassed the building. 

Turning my attention back to what was in front of me, the first thing I noticed was a green, battered dumpster and then the bare foot poking out from behind it. I was shaking like a leaf, my nerves getting the best of me. Slowly and not without a great amount of trepidation, I walked around the other side of the dumpster to find the body of a man, stripped down to his grimy grey underwear, which were barely visible under his prodigious gut. He was sat spread eagled with his back to the dumpster, his arms flung out to the side and his head hanging off to the side by the tiniest scrap of skin. 

“Welp, he’s dead” I said as dramatically as I could.
