Thousand-Mawed Ouu was laughing at me. Not a week before I went to market for a new supply of Guranagans, a plague wiped half of them out. The prices the rest were fetching were obscene. There were even talks of putting them on the endangered species lists.

I had to consult the manual for a replacement, and found, to my growing horror, that there *wasn't* one. The All-Terf-Growmaster-9000 ran on Guranagans.

But, the manual admitted in small text in the appendix, there were two theorized, albeit untested, species that might suffice. Tydroili and Humans. One of those was offering at the market at 5000 each, and one was going at 18 per ten. It was an obvious choice.

In far too long a time for my shareholders, I had five hundred stinking, hair-laden humans packed into the Growmaster complex, all milling about and *looking* at the parts and pieces of the machinery with that infamous Human curiosity.

"It's quite simple," I assured their leader, Unionboss. "You will all go into the entry port," I puffed towards the module in question, "and the machine will work. It's very fast and absolutely painless."

Not only that, I was pleased to say it used every possible part. Iron-rich watering, carbon-rich fertilization, for the finest growing supplies in the galaxy. Even Human livers, which stored toxins *inside their body,* could be converted into pesticides. 100% efficiency, the manual assured me, assuming that it worked with Human at all.

Unionboss turned towards the module with its weird stick legs, patting its brainholder. "There's only room for one person to fit."

"One at a time," I agreed. "Very simple."

"How do we get in?"

Ouu forbade I touch the entrance wheel, but I did an admirable pantomine of what was needed. The humans soon figured out how to work the hatch. Then Unionboss simply *entered the machine*.

"Your clothes!" I cried, nearly raining. The thoughts of all those fibers, clogging the streams —

"We don't mind a little grease," another Human assured me.

Grease would be the least of their problems--the oils that clogged their hairs could be converted into lubricant. But more importantly, the machine wasn't on. No one had pressed the very obvious red psy-button.

I was tempted to do it myself, Ouu-forbade or no, to get the nutrients at last to all my poor dying golf courses outside, but those *clothes.*

Unionboss emerged from the module after several minutes, dusting off his limbs. It announced, "I see what the problem is!"

Yes, the machine wasn't *on.* "It won't work like that," I told it with the greatest of patience.

"Exactly. It will take some time to get everything running."

"How much time?" I asked warily. Very much longer and the flowers would start to droop, profits would plummet, and then — I could not prohibit a shudder — *shareholders would descend.*

The Human conferred among themselves for a time before Unionboss turned back and said, "Five hours."

I relaxed considerably. It was a shame, but — Human were well known for their rituals, nearly as complex and varied as the Guranagans. If that was the amount of time needed for them to make themselves right with their gods, then so be it. "Very well," I said, and, feeling generous, added, "You may even have six, if it would make you feel better."

Six hours later, I returned to the facilities and was confronted with a vision of deepest horror.

The All-Terf-Growmaster-9000 was running — not merely on, ready to receive in chambers — but *producing.* According to all of the green lights on the panel, it was both watering and fertilizing, as promised. That was, of course, ideal, and not the source of the horror.

No, that was the *five hundred Human remaining in the facility.*

"What did you *do?*" I demanded of them.

"Fixed the machine," Unionboss said, slapping a module with the flat of its flesh. "Rerouted the water supply and it worked like a charm."

"The water traps," I moaned.

"It had an unusually high carbon requirement," another said, "but that's easily taken care of by burning some wood."

"The *forests?*"

"As for the iron, that was trickier," Unionboss admitted. "But a few of the orbs in the shed over there smelted down nicely. One a day is all it'll need."

"The *clubs?!"*

This was a disaster.

But the machine was indeed running. And trees and clubs could be had for significantly less than a clan of Guranagans.

Really, that was not the problem. The problem was rotating on their stick legs towards me. Five hundred Human, one of which said, "What should we do next?"

"Do next?" I said. "You were hired to supply the Growmaster!"

A few of the humans were contorting into what the manual described as an Angry Face. "We signed life contracts with you," one said. "There's got to be more to fix than the supply routes!"

"Not the *routes*," I said, but all sources agreed there was no point in arguing with Human. "One moment."

I spun around to consult the Database. *How long do Human live?* I sent urgently.

The reply was, *Five million sixty three thousand turns average.*

Five *million.*

I couldn't just murder them all. Ouu forbade it.

"Where will we live?" another asked.

Where was I possibly going to keep all these stinking beasts away from guests? "There's a shed," I said slowly, picturing grimly the havoc that would result from storing piles of oxygen-producing carbon on my beautiful mowers. "You could turn it into living space."

In fact, doing so would keep them occupied. I cumuloused. It was a perfect solution! "Go make homes!" I ordered.

There were more Angry Face, and more conferring, but at last Unionboss said, "We'll do it. When's dinner around these parts?"

"Dinner?" I asked.

"When do we eat?"

Food.

I had to house *and feed* five hundred of the beasts *until they died.*

"I'll see what the kitchens are preparing!" I cried, and fled towards the house as quickly as the winds would take me. The kitchens were staffed entirely with Toritori. Could Human even eat Toritori? *What would they eat tomorrow?!*

Never hire Human.