I looked down and smooth, soft, small fingers were in front of my eyes. That's new. I sometimes wake up in new bodies, but the first time young fingers greeted my eyes. 

Several years ago, I wished as I fell asleep to know what it was to be the best at something. 

Every so often, I take flight and wake up in a new body. Occasionally I get to take charge and be that person, occasionally I am just a rider, a shadow, a ghost watching. Eventually, I wake in my body, same as always, and it never appears that anything has changed.

I continued my inspection of my body. It appeared that I was wearing pajamas. Star Wars pajamas. I checked further and I was definitively male. That had only happened once before. This body appeared to be just at the start of the process of changing. I sighed. Remembering my own days in puberty, I wasn't exactly excited about this, especially not from the other side, my own body being female. 

I sat up in the bed I was in. Star Wars paraphernalia littered this side of the room. Heavy metal posters adorned the other half over the other bed. 

I sighed. Again. An older brother. 

Right on cue, the door slammed open. 

"Wake up Dipshit! Mom says to get your ass in the shower and get breakfast and get to school. Get out of my face before I beat the crap out of you."

I left the room with a feeling of apprehension. A Stronger form of muscle memory  remained. It generally felt like the tug of a magnet, or an inner sense of playing the children's game of hot/cold. That was completely applicable in this sense. It led me to the shower and to the towel. I inspected myself in the mirror. Gangly teen. A shock of bright red hair. I showered. Dressing was annoying as there was only more star wars clothing. I ate breakfast grabbed a backpack and joined the stream of children heading to a bus stop. Hope its the right bus stop. 

I still don't even know  my name. 

A boy broke off from the crowd and headed in my direction. Nothing screamed danger but you didn't know. Being completely new to being a boy, but having had brothers, I was aware of bullies. The new boy was shorter than I, completely blond with a nice smile. A nice face, I would have fallen for when I was me in middle school. 

The boy waved as he ran over "Hi Brendan! Did you see the new Episode last night?" At least I know who I am now. Triple Sigh, I hate fanboys." 

"No." 

He started to yell. "No? What do you mean no? We've been waiting for this for months" He stopped to breathe. "Why not?" He continued at a normal voice. 

"My brother wouldn't let me."

"Riley? That fucking asshole?" A name for my brother. "He made a deal with you though? He got the TV the on Saturday, you got it last night?" 

"He said fuck it and mom wouldn't deal with it"

The bus pulled up and all the kids piled in. I learned that my friends name was Jaden. I stopped talking and sat next to him. He engaged in mindless chatter with some of the other boys. I followed him to school.

I attempted to breathe more. The trick to getting my body back was to learn whatever lesson I needed. I needed to figure out what Brendan's skill was, what he was best at in the world. 

At least the bullies didn't seem to be picking on me. They were targeting a small kid with jet black hair named Martin. 

We appeared to arrive at school. I guessed that I was in Jadon's classes so I followed him. He kept looking at me strangely. 

"What's wrong with you? You don't seem like you. you usually stick up for Martin on the bus." 

"I dont know. I just got into that big argument with Riley last night, and I didn't want to deal with it." I said grasping at the only thing I could think of. 

"Hmmm Ok." He just continued to stare at me. 

"Can I come over and watch the episode I missed last night, tonight?"

"Yeah, ok!" The suspicious look faded off of his face. 

The day passed and I had no idea what it was I was supposed to do. Middle school seemed just the same to me as it was twenty year. Maybe more cell phones, but stupid jokes, cliques, and annoying teachers abounded. At least I wasn't called on too much, and when I looked through my folders I had homework completed in my bag. 

I called the entry marked mom on my phone and got an Ok to go to Jaden's house. 

The oddest thing about being in this body is that I didn't match. In the instances of being in other bodies in the past I matched physically and maturity of the people I jumped into. Here, my true self was completely 100% straight. I was very much into gentlemen my own age. Now though, I found myself staring at Jaden, my younger self would have been very much attracted to him. However, the body I was in really enjoyed looking at the cute girls. It knew where to stare, and I could definitly tell the true Brandon's preferences. The two competing emotions were really annoying throughout the day. 

What was more annoying was what this body was doing. Every other minute I seemed to be getting hard. Jeeze, no wonder boys were so messed up. I got called up during math to solve a problem, and of course it happened then. The embarrassment!

I went to Jaden's house after school, watched some star wars episode and ate snacks made by his mom. It appeared that I was a frequent guest here. Eventually 'my' mom came and picked me up. It was kind of interesting and fun to just goof around and be an idiot like I saw most teenage kids do. 

I got back into my star wares pajamas and went to bed hoping that I would wake in my own body. 

Of course there was no such luck. I woke up to Riley kicking me awake. I squealed, yelled and made a big stink, and he got punished by mom and dad. The days started to fade into weeks, which faded into months. Fall break, Thanksgiving, Christmas, and then summer break. 

I helped Martin and some of the other boys with the bullies. I met an amazing extended family that I had never encountered with my real life. I stayed good friends with Jaden, and we goofed and played around. 

The entire time, I wondered what it was that Branden was best at. I started to forget the details of my real life. I began to think it was a dream, a hallucination. 

I went on dates. I joined the wrestling team the following year and had a blast. 

I managed to become friends with my older brother Riley. I learned to revel and excel at a boy. 

I fell in love with a girl at homecoming. I danced with her all night long. We went to college together and married the day after graduating. Seven years later, we were blessed with a little girl, who I named after my old Hallucination of my 'old life,' her name was Sarah. I never told my wife the inspiration for the name. Our son we named after Jaden, my dear friend, my best man at my wedding, and the godfather of Sarah. Taken way to soon. 

The turmoil of life changed and grew. I watched with joy as my children grew. My dear, dear wife held on to meet one of our great grandchildren. I wept with joy at her sheer pleasure of holding the newborn. 

I held her hand as we talked quietly one night.

"Oh dear," I said, "Love of my life, I've always wondered, What was I best at? Its a question that's plagued me since I was 12. Can you answer?"

She laughed softly. "Of course, you were best at being you. You were never amazing at anything, except for loving life. You cherished the experience. Every day I've known you, I've loved the fact that you were the best you." 

We talked into the night, of old days, our children, half forgotten stories, surrounded by our children, and their children. I felt at peace, like I had laid down an unknown burden, and said good bye to her. The children did as well and she passed silently into the night in the midst of love. 

I fell asleep in that chair that she loved, covered by her blanket that she made. Holding her hand. 


