I woke up in the doorway, bright light shone in to the apartment from the windows across, blinding me. I blearily looked around me, taking stock of my bearings. Same apartment I remembered from yesterday, wearing the same clothes as I put on after my shower the previous evening. The only difference was the mess of the broken whisky bottle around me and the mess of red paint upon my clothes.

It had happened again. 

I gathered myself up, kicked the shards of glass away and walked downstairs. I needed to see what mess I had made this time, what beautiful art piece I had painted of the destruction. I took the stairs to give myself time to calm my breathing and thoughts, it wouldn’t alarm my neighbours to see me like this, a mess in the morning, covered in paint and looking like I’d lost a terrible fight. I had. I’m pretty sure they thought I had an abusive partner hiding away somewhere. It was near enough the truth.

I check my phone as I go, the banking app. Sure enough, someone had just deposited a huge amount of money to me. Great. I hurriedly check if it is indeed red paint on my clothes or blood.

It’s paint.

I walk outside and start towards my art school, around me the beautiful dark buildings of Prague tower over me, dark and gothic. They’re strong and calm, unlike me. They don’t care about the war inside of me, or the sirens I hear blaring through the city.

I let myself in to the building, the only place I paint. I had thought the further away the easel, the less destruction she’d cause. Instead, she’d paint the true picture of what she’d been doing whilst I was out. 

I start climbing the stairs, the familiar feeling of the cold, cool anxiety flooding me. I see my class room and pause at the door, listening for anybody around. There was nobody, as expected.

Inside, I see the picture I had made. It was familiarly macabre. Dark pools of blood on an old wooden floor, a chair in the middle of an otherwise empty room. No sign of who the blood had come from, only the tool that had made it – a sharp cut of glass, the markings of the cheap bottle of whisky I was drinking on it.

Dark, metal crossed windows were the only other thing of interest in the artwork. I had no idea what building this was, or what I had done in it. I quickly took the canvas off the easel to hide in my art bag – nobody could see this.

I thought hard about where the building could be. How did she come to find it, and why was she using it to kill people?

She was quiet, in my head. Whisky and weed quieted her, prevented her from taking control of me. 

I thought so, at least. Before once again, it all went black.
