
I'm feeling pretty pooped out since I wrote a whole lot more but not even inputting+ managed to catch the majority. Just the beginning... Which is this if you're interested to read:

----

I yawned and smiled at the other four people I woke up with and spoke. 

 "I'm going to go back to bed... I'm sure my dreams will tell me something...!" With a wave and a grin, I left the other four to argue over whose relations are what with the other. 

I had lied. I wasn't going back to sleep. I went to the other four's room upstairs and took notes as the argument downstairs started to increase in volume, the more confident I felt with my decision. 

Room 1: Right next to the bathroom. Has no built in closet. Just a single bed with a chest of drawers and a bookshelf. Everything was pretty tidy. A frame of a red haired woman in her seemingly mid twenties hang on top of the bed. No one from the four below though, must be someone they loved dearly. The other notable item was a journal diary of sorts on top of the chest of drawers. Jackpot. 

Last entry: 

>16/04/2018 - I can't believe that James took the lunch I packed for work. How did I know it was James? He's the only one of age who'd do such a thing! Plus, I saw him sneak into his room with my lunchbox! Daft kid. I'll let it go since his mum's an obvious nutjob what with the state of her disgusting room. Hate her name as well. Jessica. Something about the way that name is pronounced irks me immensely. Absolute chaos. I could only sympathise if she starved him but as he's obese and not scrawny. Fat chance.  Heh. I still can't believe the poor kid would do it though, I'm a pretty nice housemate aren't I? 

I skimmed the rest and nothing else of relevance was being written down to help identify who's who so I dropped the book back to its place on the top of the wooden furniture and grimaced. I think that's enough of that...

I went out of the tidy room and to the room next to it. Definitely James's room. 

Room 2: A basketball poster hangs on top of a study desk with overflowing textbooks, notebooks, 

----

...I was nearly done writing but my phone ran out of battery and [this is the preview of where I was at.](https://imgur.com/a/4Rkkt)  

I'll continue this maybe after getting rid of this strained feeling in the back of my head for losing all of that work. I was honestly about to end it in just a few more paragraphs...
