    Vast knowledge breeds not but indifference.  

    When I found the genie I felt as though the world were putty in my hands. I was given 3 wishes and until I used them, I was a god. 
    I used my first two wishes quickly and frivalously. Wealth and adoration. I had first obtained musical prowess by  creating a new friction based instrument, and pioneering a new genre to match it. To my great displeasure no one seemed to care about this amazing feat. In hindsight I'm sure that lamp dwelling bastard intended exactly that. But this was no issue, for I was still a deity. I then asked for the fame and adoration of the masses. I wanted not to rival the social gravity of the pope, but to cast a shadow so thick and looming that by comparison the vatican in its entirity was a side note to my glory, and so I did.
    For a time I lived what folk call "happily ever after". I lived a lavish life with no need unfulfilled, and throughout it all I maintained a sense of near omnipotence. I saved that last wish as long as I could, ironically wishing to myself to feel this way forever. But novelties and baseless relationships do not make a man. 
    For my final wish all I wanted was to feel some sort of superiority above others. A way of maintaining some of my status above the peons. I wished to know all languages. The wish was granted and I now understand. Yes I can speak and comprehend every language I know of, but there were infinitely more than that. I understood how grids of switches communicated, how animals spoke, what an infant says with its eyes and wails. Outside of this were languages so inhuman that they were near purely abstract. Such as the method ectraterrestrials used to share knowledge between one another, the stimuli passed from the leaves of a tree to its roots, even intracellular communication within my own form.
    But by far the most influential language is that spoken between matter, space, and time. "The language of the universe." To understand this is to understand all, beginning to end in every possible iteration. What's more than that is to understand I have no relevant influence on the past present or future. All emotion pours from me as I see every single detail to exist. Once you understand time it cannot be forgotten, it causes you conciesness to slip outside time itself. If I felt the need I could find my physical body in this massive jumble but it feels quite irrelevant now. I am now what humans would call a soul, stretched across everything and everytime.     
    By my reckoning I've most likely been a vegetable on earth  for some time now, if my body even persists. Even if it does I cannot go back, I must stay within this instant that is eternity. There are many afterlives, but I will not be afforded the luxery of even a hell. I have been set down a path of pure unending solitude, the only knowledge of my physical life I now retain is a quasar hot hatred for genies.