Before I tell you about the BrightStar Center for Eternal Wellness, maybe it would help if I told you about myself. I used to not understand rehab facilities. I mean, I understood their purpose, don't get me wrong, but it was more the operational and day to day minutiae that escaped me. 

Especially the names. Some of them clinical, like Oxford Treatment Center and New England Recovery and Wellness. Places you could imagine having one real Nurse Ratched type heading up group sessions. Some of them just brimming with New Age pretense like Serenity, Choices, and JourneyPure; just filled with macrame art projects and counselors that looked like that hippie teacher from Beavis and Butt-head, but talked like Ned Flanders.

After spending my 20's consuming any chemical compound you could put in front of me (and my third overdose), I decided to hit up one of these centers I ridiculed so frequently during my dark years. It worked, amazingly enough, and at the age of 32 I was clean, sober, and ready to give back to those that wanted help.

Getting my degree was easy. Getting work, however, was the hard part. The clinical spots said I was too loose, too informal for their state program standards. The hippie places thought I was too aggressive for the environment they were trying to promote. And almost all of them were gun shy about hiring a junkie with a felony possession charge on his record, regardless of his accomplishments since that time. 

I was ready to give up, get a job at Wal-Mart, and resign myself to a becoming a dead behind the eyes lifer when the phone rang. The caller ID simply said "SCP BRIGHTSTAR,"  with no number. Who the fuck was this? Surely the feds hadn't sent my student loan debt to collections already, had they?

I picked up, but before I could get out a word, a petite, almost childlike voice greeted me. "Mister Galloway, this is Marcie from the office of Miss Lillith Adams of SCP BrightStar Center for Eternal Wellness, are you available at the moment?"

"I suppose so, may I ask what this is in reg-" I started, but was immediately cut off by a different voice. This one resonated power, confidence, and something... else. I didn't know what it was, but I knew it wasn't something to play with.

"Vincent Galloway, do you know who I am? Who my organization is?" The voice asked. I suddenly felt myself grow hot, flushed, and surprisingly aroused. I've never heard anyone say the word "organization" in such a manner in my life, and I can guarantee I never will again.

"No ma'am," I stammered, reverting to having the same level of confidence I had as a twelve year old boy. "Did I apply with you?"

"Very perceptive of you, Mister Galloway. I suppose our name does give away what we do. But to answer your question, you have not applied with us directly, but we do have your resume. Your entire resume. Quite honestly, I'm impressed. To come back from what you have makes you valuable to me. Very valuable. I want to give you a job." If I found myself unable to speak during her spiel, I was aghast now.

"You.. I mean... I.... You want to hire me? Are you aware of my background, Miss Adams?" This had to be a prank, or some fly by night operation with less than a year in the books.

"Absolutely. We all have demons, Mister Galloway, some of us quite literally. We have... unique clients and someone of your extensive history may be useful in helping them regain their grasp on their... Humanity. I see great potential in you and refuse to allow it to be wasted on a career at Walmart. Agree to my offer, and you'll never want for anything from this point forward. Decline and you'll never hear from me again. Maybe you'll get your twenty five year pin before you take your own life out of boredom."

______________________________

That was three years ago. I think. When my boss, Miss Adams (and I soon learned that yes, it was THAT Lillith. The one from the Alphabet of Sirach) said that BrightStar's clients were unique, and that I would want for nothing, she was underselling it. She gave me a place to live on the Center's grounds, which was lovely, but the hours have something to be desired. Namely because there aren't any. BrightStar exists outside of time and space. In actuality, it is kind of in own pocket dimension. Of course, this makes it fairly difficult to get a new coffee machine to replace the one that feels like it's been broken for literal eternity, but could be three days for all I know.

[I]You're late. Our session was supposed to start one hunger ago.[/I] A tone of malice echoed in my head. Chk-Chk couldn't help it, of course.  An eternal giant spider from the outer reaches of the Kingdom of Dream, she wasn't exactly aware of how to be personable towards what she referred to as "short timers." Chk-Chk developed a taste some eons ago for the dreams of the children of Rylax 7. So much so that her already insatiable hunger completely distracted her from her duties of feasting upon the errant nightmares of existence. This is why there is no more Rylax 12.

"Firstly, Chk, you don't know that I'm late. Time doesn't exist here. We've been over this. Secondly, you're going to have to wait longer, because you know I have to do my rounds before Group starts." The Consumer of Nightmare was something I wouldn't dreamed of taking this tone with when I started, but now? Once you learn that all Chk-Chk is capable of eating is the energy of dreams, the bluster of a spider going through withdrawal is annoying at best.

A little ways down the hall and I found myself at the door to the only clients more famous than Miss Adams, the Graeae Sisters. Or at least they were famous in the B.C. eras. When they met Perseus. Since then? Well, you'd be amazed just how far an ounce of heroin will go when you share it like your one eye and one tooth. This is their fifth time in the Center this century, and as a result we test them at random several times a month... Or at least what passes for one around here. I like them, though. Over two millennia since their height of notoriety, and they still bask in being called the "Weird Sisters." Still, rules is rules, so a knocking I go. "Ladies, it's that time, come on out and go see Marcie for your UA cups."

As usual, they spoke in perfect unison. Much like Chk-Chk, it's disconcerting at first, but something you get used to. "But you just had us do this last week, must we do this again? We'll make it worth your while..." for some reason, they were constantly trying to offer me what they called the "Sandy Duncan Special." Given how my predecessor left the Center, I'll pass. Besides, I have my hands full with Lillith, which is another story for another time.

"As much fun as three women with one tooth and one eye attacking my junk like a hobo with a chicken leg sounds, I'm going to have to pass. Just like the last twelve times you asked. Now get a move on before I have to send in the Valkyries to help you. I'll be back to check up on you after I'm done with Doug."

D'ouggeg, or Doug is something else. To talk about why he's here would take almost as long as one of his heartbeats. Entire galaxies have been born and died in the space between one of those heartbeats, and the only reason the staff here knows it's because of the glimpses that Doug has implanted into our brains. The experience feels unlike anything I can describe except for horror. Pure, primal horror. The strange part is that once the feeling fades, the knowledge and understanding you come away with is phenomenal. 


[b]MCMAHON! I WILL TEAR YOUR SOUL ASUNDER FOR THIS AFFRONT![/b]

Doug has a voice that is everywhere, yet nowhere at the same time. Doug is also a fan of professional wrestling. I think he knows its a work, but I've never really had the time or wherewithal to bring it up. Doug's sessions are the most draining part of my "day," which usually means that I save them for last. My sessions with Lillith happen before that.

"C'mon, Doug, Wrestlemania wasn't that bad. Now buck up, I got the new Observer Newsletter for you and the L.A. Times." I also am a fan of wrestling, so we have a lot to discuss outside of his sessions.

[b]THE BROCK LESNAR SAYS HE IS CHAMPION OF THE UNIVERSE, BUT HE HAS YET TO FACE MY CHAMPIONS. OR TO FINISH THE NEW YORK TIMES CROSSWORD IN FRONT OF MY GAZE WITHOUT ASSISTANCE.[/b] like I said, he's a fan.

"Doug, Vince McMahon's mind is more imperceptible than even yours. I think it would drive even you to the brink of insanity. But we'll talk about this later at length. Is there anything you're going to need before Group tonight?"

[b] OTHER THAN BEINGS THAT CAN RETAIN A FULL GRASP OF MY EXPERIENCES, NO. BUT I APPRECIATE YOUR EFFORTS, VINCENT. ONE DAY I SHALL WAKE YOU LIKE THE MATTHEW HARDY.[/b] Doug claims to be one of Matt Hardy's Seven Deities and I just realized how dumb this all sounds. Almost as ridiculous as eternal nightmare spiders and mythological heroin addicts and Doug. Funny thing is, these five are just the tip of that iceberg.