"Here's your pay for today." - said Natasha.

"I said I will take it by the end of the week, didn't I?" - I replied, shoving the books back into my bag.

"Yeah, buy you look kind of sloppy. Could do a haircut."

"Thanks, but I like it this way."

"Suit yourself then." - she shrugged.

As I passed through the door, she called out to me.

"Josh!"

"What now?"

"Could we move our schedule to tomorrow night? I have a test the day after."

"Sure." - I said without thinking about it.

Natasha was a girl I was tutoring. She was the kind that smokes and drinks in her teen. Drugs? Maybe, she used to sell them. Natasha often told me she had killed a man or two, but I never believed her. Anyway, she was the kind you would expect to drop out of highschool with a pregnant belly.

Things changed since the new law was passed. I don't know who created it, perhaps some guys under the stress of making a new regulations? The prisons are overcrowded? Some criminals right activists? Either ways, Natasha came clean after that. She said she liked doing dangerous things because they were illegal, to feel the adrenalin rushing in your veins, to see the surprised look on her victims' face as she slice their throats. Now everybody is as much prepared to be gunned down on the street, 'like a B-rate horror film that relies on scare-jump', she said. So, she decided to do something nobody would expect her to: getting into college. Natasha was interested in psychology. 'Sound likes something I cannot undetstand'. She wanted a thrill in her life.

"What's the matter, Josh? Are you in this or not?" - Steve pulled me back from the train of thought.

"No!" - I exclaimed. - "I'm right here."

"You don't seem to be focused." - Steve scolded, but he soon dismissed me - "Let's go over the plan again. Robert's gang is gonna hang out on the hill tonight. All five of them. We will go by my car. Stop at the foot of the hill, sneak up behind them, and we strike."

We pulled out our guns, two each, checking them one last time. Tonight I was going to use my kill.

Robert and his gang are your everyday bullies. He picked on we 'nerds', that's his term only. He picked on whoever he wanted to. And the new law just give him a stronger grip on the whole school. We gave him our money with a smile, licking his boots with a smile, plunging our own head into the toilet with a smile,... I thought I could handle it, until I was old enough to get away, really far away, from them. But it all ended when Robert snapped Mr. Howard's, my favorite teacher and the one who was going to write me a recommendation letter, neck in front of the class. What Mr. Howard did? He asked, politely, that Robert put his feet down from the table.

You can say that with his one kill gone, Robert power would lessen. But a man like him knows a lot of people outside school, people more used to the stench of blood, and these day accidents aren't rare.

So Robert and his gang aced all their tests when we tasted Ds and Fs busting our asses off studying. The only place that recognized our talents just denied us, our only hope of getting far away from Robert was lying under his thump. We couldn't endure it anymore.

It was a night of full moon and no wind. We stuffed ourselves in Steve's second- second-second-second- hand car. Couldn't help it, you get a car too new, they are going to steal it. Halfway through the machine broke down, we ended up walking to the hill, hoping that they would still be there when we arrived.

We were a team of five. Me, Steve, Nash, Kevin, Rodger. Five against five, with a surprise advantage. Once we had 'slayed the beasts', as Kevin said, we would split the kills evenly between us, returning home as heroes.

We hid behind some bushes, wearing the cloaks created by us and conceived by us, those that absorb light fairly well and keep us hidden. There five of them, along with some girls.

"What do we do now?" - Nash said panickedly - "We didn't account for this!"

"How about we go home?" - Rodger grasped, his asthma acting up.

"Yeah... I think my stomach is hurting." - Kevin added.

"No!" - Steve hissed. - "We've prepared for this for weeks. The guns, the cloaks,... We must kill them all."

"Even the girls?" - I asked.

"Even the girls." - Steve's eyes flared up in hatred. - "We will become heroes. Then, we can ask some of the school to cover up for us."

"That's sound nice. I can ask Alice to share us her kill." - Rodger turned enthusiastically all of the sudden. Alice is his sister.

"I can ask Oswell too." - Nash agreed.

"So we are in this." - Steve ordered.

"Yeah!" - we spoke in union.

"3...2...1... Go!"

The five of us dashed forward. I, however, tripped over the root of a nearby tree, planting my face in the dirt. As I got up, I heard gunshots, the girls screaming, and men roared. How do you like us now, Robert? I jumped out, fumbled on my feet, the guns in my hands....

....only to see the dead bodies of my friends.

"There's still another one, guys!" - said Robert, himself holding a firearm.

"Damn those bastard!" - Lil' Johnny cursed, his leg bleeding. He was the only one we managed to hurt. - "Damn that bitch too, runnin' off like that. What does she think? I can't handle these trashes?"

"You've gotta admit, Chloe got a fine ass." - there was  Frankie, with a bloodstained cigarette in his mouth and a knife in his hand.

"Call her back now." - commanded Robert. - " I don't want her to call the police. And she hasn't used her kill yet, right?"

"I'm callin'." - said Johnny, one hand holding his wounded leg - "Virgin or not, she's not worth it."

"What will we do with you now?" - Robert smiled sadistically, pointing his gun at me.

I stumbled and fell, holding my head in fear. Closing my eyes, I hoped it would be quick.

And it was quick. With some screams.

When I opened my eyes again, Natasha was standing there in a pool of crimson. The bodies laid next to her, her red fuild dripping off her knife.

"Wha...Wha..." - I was speechless.

"You seemed to be distracted lately, but your notes were too detailed. You even give me books. Makes me think you were trying to tie up loose ends. Is that the term?" -  she said casually, walking toward me and extended her arm. - "And you hid the guns terribly."

I stood up, still not processing the events.

"Tha... Thank you." - I stuttered, before noticing a large stain on her arm, much redder than others. - "Are you... Are you hurt?"

"Tis' but a scratch." - she chuckled at the reference, I did not. Her smile got fainter as we heard sirens nearby. - "And I was looking for our session tomorrow. Go now, I don't think the girl had seen you yet."

"But... I... What about you?"

She looked at me with a grin, licking her wound sensually, before kissed me with those tender, bloody lips.

"I'm a killer, not you."

Natasha pushed me off the hill, the impact lessened due to the bushes. I think I got a glimpse of her mind now. There was nothing more thrilling than love.

Natasha stood there grinning. She painted the moon red.