Bang, bang, bang. The gun speaks three distinct times. I am frozen like a statue holding my gun watching their bodies fall in slow motion. Alarms are blaring, the bank vault is still wide open. I collapse in the chair as the police arrive. The primary detective, a woman in her forties wearing a pantsuit, approaches me.

“Hello sir, I am Detective Moro. Can you describe the events of the night?” I look up to see her eyes piercing me.

“I killed them.” I reply.

“What?” She asks in shock.

“I heard the alarm. I saw the costumes. Then, I shot them.” I state.

“Sir, you do realize that this qualifies as a confession?” She asks. I nod. She arrests me and posts me in jail. The guards congratulate me for shooting the villains. The public defender is the first to meet with me.

“Mr. Smith, I am your public defender Michael Murray. You are being tried for the murder of the villains known as Gea, Fuego, and Venta better know as part of the four elements gang. Now, security footage shows that you found them robbing the bank and shot them. The good news, they are known supervillains that have committed ten homicides. It is possible that we can have you off on self-defense by using Statue 331 .” He explains.

“Cape Panic, don’t they hate that status?” I reply.

“Yes well, we need some way to defend ourselves against literal gods.” He smiles.

“I will think about it.” I monotonously say.

“Oh, the FBI is also here. As your lawyer, I can sit in on it.” He says.

“Go ahead.” Two agents, a red-headed woman and a blond man walk in wearing tailored suits. 

“Mr. Smith,  we would like to welcome you to the Praetor Group. You should be so proud some people take months to get into the group.” The woman says.

“The Praetor Group.” Michael says in shock, “I think there has been a mistake. My client does not have super powers on file and killed them by accident.”

“Super powers are not a requirement. He killed three villains which gains automatic entry.” The woman explains.

“But what if he does not want to join?” My lawyer asks “what if the heroes don’t like him?”

“Their opinion does not matter. Besides, this guarantees no jail time. Additionally, Agua will want revenge, and she is still out there.” The man looks at me. “What do you say?” 

I need to think about this overnight. My jail cell is cold and lonely. The guards like me, but the other prisoners fear me. Even though I am powerless. I am out in the special containment unit. Everyone in the room falls asleep suddenly. Three figures stand in front of me. The man in the center is wearing a slim red outfit that covers his hole body and face. The woman to the side is wearing a white gown and cloak. The man on the other side is dressed in a blue ninja suit. Maroon Knight, Lucid Dreamer, and Dark Ninja.

“Who are you Mr. Smith.” Maroon Knight interrogates.

“Just a man.” I reply.

“A man who killed three villains. A likely story. Now, you are going to use Cape Panic to ensure your freedom. You are a new super villain aren’t you.” He says.

“No, I was just scared.” I reply. 

“Lucid?” He asks.

“I cannot seem to get a read on him.” She says.

The pipe in the ceiling starts to drip. 

“You are a villain. Do not join the Praetor Group.” The puddle gets larger. “You can get off on defense, but we will be watching.”

A fist emerges from the puddle and strikes Lucid Dreamer. A woman with white hair wearing a blue full body swimsuit emerges from the puddle.

“Agua.” Maroon Knight says as he tries to punch her, but her body becomes water and his punch fails to connect. She becomes a ball of water and engulfs him in an attempt to drown him. Dark Ninja teleports into the water. Then out of the water with Maroon Knight. Lucid Dreamer gets up and places a hand on her temple to subdue Agua. Agua realizes this and uses a water whip to knock Lucid Dreamer down again. Maroon Knight nods to Dark Ninja. Dark Ninja opens my chamber while  Maroon Knight runs at Agua. Dark Ninja teleports in. Maroon Knight hits a button on his belt releasing a cold blast. Dark Ninja teleports me to the roof of the building. Dark Ninja takes off his mask to reveal him as my lawyer.

“You are not safe anymore.” He growls.

“I know that now. Why is this happening? I am just a security guard. I am not even done with my first week on the job.” I reply.

“Maroon Knight will ensure that Agua is handled.” A beep emerges from his watch. He checks it and sighs. “Maroon Knight died. Lucid Dreamer is incapacitated. Agua is frozen. I told them we needed to bring a heavy hitter capable of handling her.” 

“Why were you trying to help me as a lawyer?” I ask.

“I didn’t want to. It is my day job, but it did give me an opportunity to analyze you.” He says.

“And what do you think?” I ask nervously.

“That you’re just a man thrown into a grave situation.” He says.

“Well, what now.” I ask.

“Well, you have two options. One, you go back to the cell and live the rest of your life in fear. The super villain community will get revenge, or you come with me. You will not join the Praetor Group yet. You will be trained though to defend yourself and others.” He says. 


I am taken aback in shock. The idea of being a superhero is so foreign to me. How could I survive? Well, if I don’t join, I could still die. At least this way, I can fight.

“Alright, I will train with you.”

