It's more like a taboo, to stay away from the humans. They showed up one day out of the sky and were curious about, well, everything. We can't get rid of them, they want to be the peace keepers and history chroniclers. Sticking their nose in everything.

"Sir, what could you possibly need 500... humans... for?" My assistant asked, he was shaken by the idea.
"I know what they say about the humans, never hire them, but they are the cheapest work force I could get after everything is paid for." I couldn't believe I was doing this, it was more like I was in a dream. 

I finally got enough money and land to create a resort fit for kings. However, my assistant, miscalculated some expenses. Now I'm forced to only one conclusion, human workers.  

"No matter." I snapped. "I've already finalized the contract from the Union, I can't back out now."

"I wish you would have consulted me first, sir." He said.

"The last time I consulted you I ended up in this situation" I was unhappy and it was showing.

"Sir please calm down. Your hearts can't take too much stress" He pleaded. He walked over to the console on the wall and checked some information. "The human transports are asking for safe landing I think."

We tried making the habitats for the humans as best as we could but their proportions are always so weird. Some are too tall and others are too wide it's odd to think they had some standard on their planet.
If there's a problem I know we'll hear about it for sure.

"The captain wishes to meet you, sir."

"Are you any good at humanese, Karath? I haven't brushed up that recently."

"These ones call it Inglish, I'm pretty sure, and no I haven't." He looks embarrassed. We leave the control room to meet the captain. He's smaller than I thought. This may be an interesting couple years.

"All these good men and women are here to work. We don't have all 500 at the moment but they should be here at the end of the week." He was a little intimidated by our height but still held himself as a man of stature.

"Thank sir. Will pay full weekly. Can't hold any longer to work." I struggled for each word, their language is too complex to be one of their main ones.

"Well, I think I should stay a little longer to translate for you. Most of these guys aren't fluent in Mornathen, like I am." He was close to laughing, he enjoyed my butchering. I doubt he would have made it through another sentence.

After the humans got off the shuttles they got "acclimated". They weren't extremely happy with their new homesteads. Most complained immediately, only a few were complacent. The ones that were fine were promoted and the others got angry. I had to fix so much and we hadn't even started construction yet. 
