For ten minutes, I can take one of your emotions. No catch for you, no catch for me. That's the deal I offer everyone. And everyday people offer up the same emotions, just with a slightly different flavour. Sadness from a heartbreak, anger at work, a moment of regret. 

I didn't really mind the emotions. They always seemed to pass. And when I went through them, I would remember that all of this was temporary. But it would give the other person time to move on or forget. A momentary pain for me and a lifetime of relief for someone else. But throughout the day, I never really found many people that would willingly ask for my "services."

After not finding a single person all morning, I decided to visit my grandfather in the nursing home. He didn't really miss me, nor was he really happy to see me, he was just there. He was just like me, unfeelingly existing. We chatted for a bit and the topic of my services came up. He told me that there is a plethora of negative emotions here inside this nursing home of grandparents that don't get visited by their grand-kids, or by anyone. A lot of lonely, a lot of sad.

So I talked to each of them, one by one. One on one, offering my services. This time however, they didn't forget. As soon as the ten minutes were up, they were back to feeling as lonely as they were before. And it started to affect me too. It felt like one of the emotions was accidentally left inside me. In a corner I couldn't see, or never checked before.

There was nothing to do about it except to try and put it all behind me. But with each person, the feeling grew. So I decided that this next man would be the last person I'd talk to that day. After hearing my pitch, he said he'd like to try offering a memory.

He told me the story of his wife when she was alive. How they grew up together, how they courted each other, how they raised a family together. Nothing super exciting, but his happiness was overwhelming. And with every word, his smile grew brighter. In sharing his story, it was like he was reliving his life with his wife. Then he would forget, then he would remember, then he would cry. I offered to take away his tears, but he refused with a smile and said "They're not for you."

I left without another word, leaving the man in his memories. I never did get to meet that man again. He died before I ever visited that home for the second time. But in talking with him I decided to seek out other people who would like to relive some of their happiest memories. Starting with the sadness that I couldn't leave behind.