My father walks with a limp. It’s hardly perceptible most times, but it’s always there if you look for it. Watching him now with his briefcase in one hand and today’s mail in the other, I can see that his right foot doesn’t stride as far as the left. He’s making his way up the drive from the mailbox. He doesn’t notice me sitting under the awning of the front porch. 

Andrew Bennett is a handsome and vital man, graying a bit at the temple. He was the captain of his high school football team, too, when he was my age, and voted most likely to succeed. But tonight, as he makes his way to the house, silent and alone, he looks shrunken; emptied from the inside, like a pumpkin scraped out for Halloween and then left out for the whole winter.

“Hey, Dad”, I say from the shadows as he climbs the front stairs one at a time. He looks up, spots me, and his face brightens into a broad familiar smile. 

“Hey, kid. I didn’t see you there. Thought you were at your mother’s tonight.”

“Coach called me. Scouts from Penn State were coming to see Xander run routes. So he asked me if I’d throw the ball around for him. Show him off a bit.”

My dad sets his briefcase down by the door, sets the mail on the table, messes my hair up a bit, and takes a seat across from me. He props his dress shoes against the edge of the table, knees pulled up, and tilts his chair back. In the dim light, I can see that there’s hole worn through the sole of his left shoe.

“Yeah, that’s kind of you, son.” The crickets are chirping from the woods. We listen to them for a while. 

“Xander’s one of the quickest we’ve had in years. How’d he do?”

“Pretty good. He had a few drops, but I think they liked him.”

My dad leans back and looks up at the night sky, out from under the eaves of the porch. I can tell he’s struggling with something.

Football is a tough topic for my dad. He’s always been great with me, encouraging me and supporting me all while I was growing up. But he always keeps his distance. I know he had to give it up. Then he gave up his scholarship-- I never really understood why. He dropped out of college after I was born, and took a job working for a man he hates, his own father, my grandfather, a bitter and angry and abusive old man.

“Jason. You know how hard your mom and I are trying to get the money for your school. The bank man said there just isn’t any equity in the house. And you know how your grandfather is.”

“Don’t worry, dad. I don’t care. Mr. Sandersen said I could take some shifts in July. I can save up for next year.”

“It kills me, Jason. It just kills me.” My dad goes distant again, contemplating the long grass. I’m watching the lines of his face. He looks so tired. 

Then he says, “you heard that Mike was expelled?”. 

My uncle Mike is gifted, and the whole family was blown away when he was admitted to the graduate program in Mathematics at MIT. He was studying Number Theory. Even my grandfather seemed to soften a bit at the prospect of having a famous son. But the family is snakebit. Mike lost his young wife and unborn baby in a car crash. He took to drinking, and we all watched the booze gradually consume him.

“Yeah, I heard.”

The breeze is dying down now. I can see the moon rise just over the treeline. It is casting a shadow on my dad’s face.

“It’s the story of our family. I hate to think like that, but Mike… and Jim… your aunt Sheila lost that lawsuit. My cousin Bill had his stroke, just 29 years old. Uncle Harold never came back from the war. They said he’d have been the mayor. Gabbie married that swindler. Even when it’s going well, something always comes up and it turns tragic.”

Listening to him talk, it occurs to me that he’s had a few drinks. 

He keeps on, now, in undertones, as if speaking to himself. “It’s not just bad. It’s devastating. Dark. Like ripping the heart out of you.”

It is true that nothing has ever come easy for anyone in my family. Even the ones who scrape around and get ahead. But it’s never been that way for me. 

When I was five, I fell out of a tree just as our neighbor Mr. Jenks happened to be there to catch me. I was shocked to be so lucky. When I got to eighth grade, the terrible Mrs. Simmons retired and I got to have Mr. Hawthorne instead, who taught me how to write prose. I got a spot on the varsity team as a freshman, only because Roger Buckley’s dad got a promotion and moved the family to California. 

Actually, it’s a bit uncanny. I’ve always had a knack for guessing the right number, winning at cards, catching the bus just in time. 

For my dad, I know he’s proud of everything I’ve accomplished. Even the stuff that just seems to happen for me. But even if he acknowledges my lucky streak at some deep level of his mind, I see now for the first time, he’s still waiting for the other shoe to drop, for the curtain to come down on the stage and in that suspended moment of catharsis, after all the early promise and potential is stipped back and revealed to be just another tantalizing falsehood, preparing himself to stand by helpless, broken and amazed.

As this idea makes its way into my head, there’s the sound of a car turning onto the driveway. My dad turns in his chair to see the headlights scan the yard and then the house. A station wagon pulls up, the engine cuts out, the door opens audibly in the night and Coach Butler steps out. 

My dad and I are on our feet and meet him halfway.

“Hi Coach.”

“Hi Jason. Andrew.”

“Evening, Al.” My dad puts his left hand on Coach Butler’s shoulder and they shake hands. They were teammates many years ago.

My dad looks puzzled and tentative, but Coach Butler is beaming. I’m curious what could bring him to our house so late in the day. My dad says, “Jason, grab a few beers. Al, we were just sitting out enjoying the evening. Join us.”

“How did Xander do, Coach?”

“No beer for me, Jay. I won’t stay long. Xander did fine, but I’m not sure he’s what they were hoping for. They may offer him a spot, depending on you.”

“Huh?”

“See, the Penn State guys spent the last three hours grilling me about you. We’ve been spooling your game film over at the gym all the way back to your Sophomore year. They asked me whether you’ve had any scholarship offers, and whether you’d consider Penn.” Coach is smiling from ear to ear.

I can’t think of what to say next. My dad is just staring.

“They said, if it will help you make your decision, they could offer Xander a spot too so that you’ll have at least one friendly face on campus.”

My dad says, “What?”

I find my voice, and say, “Yeah, Coach. That sounds fantastic.”

