Life on Earth post-scarcity was, for many, dull.  There had never been a problem with overpopulation, because so many of us decided to leave.  We *wanted* to have real problems.  That's what led to me being on a ship that accelerated at a constant 1G, for almost a year until we'd be travelling just under the speed of light, then decelerating at a constant 1G.  Earth had long since burned to a crisp behind us (look up relativistic time dilation if you don't know what I'm talking about).  
  
But, after decelerating for the better part of a year we still had to find a promising star that might have the right planet.  So after some weightlessness we accelerated again, decelerated again, rinse and repeat.  It had been a few years.  It grated on everyone's nerves.  I'd had a fling with a guy and had gotten knocked up.  Wouldn't have been a problem on Earth, but out here we were roughing it.  
  
My son's developmental disabilities could have been fixed on Earth.  Again, “roughing it,”; we didn't have those kinds of technological toys with us, out here in some distant supercluster.  The whole crew was on edge, but I was the Nice One; the girl who diffused fights, the first to forgive an unkind word, the ship's Deanna Troi by default.  Except when it came to my own son, as soon as we were out of anyone else's hearing...  
  
“I've had enough of your shit, you fuckin' retard!” I smacked him on the ass again, where we'd stopped in the corridor.  “Jesus Christ, I'm glad I didn't pop you out on Earth, because you don't fucking deserve paradise!”  The tears welled up in his eyes yet again, and I yanked his arm to get us moving again.  *Go colonize space they said, it'll be fun they said...*  
  
Alarm klaxons started sounding.  My heart seized, fight or flight response that was useless then and there.  I'd heard the sound only once before, when the systems were tested in Earth orbit.  It was a severe radiation alert, and consulting a wall terminal I found... *We just got hit by a gamma ray burst from only two thousand light years away.*  I heard a howling wind from somewhere on the ship.  Structural integrity showed compromised on the wall screen, and I don't remember anything after that.  
  
---  
  
“Next, please.”  I approached the man behind the desk, in front of some enormous gate like I'd expect to see at the Vatican...  *Only bigger than that, even.*  He'd called “next,” but I didn't see anyone else in line with me, or a line at all.  How did I get here?  
  
“Oh, aren't you just a fine specimen of humanity?” The man said sarcastically, looking at some papers on his desk.  “Oh, hey Boss,” he said as a guy with a fluffy gray beard approached from behind the desk.  
  
“I'll advise this one personally,” Gray Beard said, then looked up at me.  
  
I had a pretty good idea of where I was, at this point.  “Everyone loved me on that ship, they'll all tell you I led a good life...” I began weakly.  
  
Gray Beard nodded curtly.  “Yeah.  You really *were* a fine specimen of humanity, in almost all respects.  That only makes your crimes worse.  You make me physically sick, how you treated that boy you called your son.”  
  
My legs suddenly felt weak, my voice catching before I managed to say “I couldn't, couldn't not, I just couldn't take it...”  
  
“Bullshit.”  Gray Beard said, looking me firmly in the eyes.  “Doing better would have carried a high emotional cost for you, yes.  As far as high emotional costs go, it would have been less than the one you inflicted.  You made a choice, plain and simple.”  
  
“You take bad Mom away?” his voice called from behind Gray Beard.  That's when I lost it.  I cried hysterically, and it would have been a full-on psychotic break except, like getting hit by a GRB again I left the scene, or it left me...  
  
---  
I continued my crying hysterics.  I pounded the soft mattress on which I was standing, and gradually became aware of my surroundings.  I was in some sort of giant crib.  The bedroom around me was definitely scarcity-era, and from the entertainment feeds I'd watched out of boredom I could even place it...  1970s.  
  
“Well look who's up early!” A woman's voice said excitedly, as she entered the room.  I felt myself being gently scooped out of the crib.  “Let's get you out of your diaper!  Maybe go without one today, since you've been such a good boy using your potty chair!”  
  
Wait.  Such a good...  *Boy?*  I didn't need to undo my onesie to sense that I now had a penis.  “You just turned two and you're going potty already, yes you are!”  
  
*This age is about the earliest that memories can start,* I reflected as “Mom” unzipped my onesie pajamas.  No, drop the quotes...  This was Mom, and she was clearly a good one.  *Is this really hell?*  I thought, then remembered: *It's scarcity-era, with sexual reassignment thrown in.  For me, yes this will be Hell.*  
  
---  
“President Trump has ordered the Justice Department not to target Colorado's legal marijuana industry...” the talking head on the wall-mounted TV was saying, as I put my phone in my pocket and entered the life skills room to begin work for the day.  Two of the mentally challenged residents were already arguing over their sewing projects, and I stepped in to help sort it out.  “Okay Steve, Bill, you each have plenty of room and you can share the blue yarn, okay?” I pleasantly explained.  Sixty seconds later they were engrossed in their work, the argument forgotten.  
  
Dr. Tompkins, the head honcho of the facility stopped by shortly after.  “How are the papers on dark matter coming?” he asked, enquiring about my hobby.  
  
“Not being well-received, I'm afraid,” I grimaced.  “The people getting research grants don't want to hear that it's just the new aether, and probably isn't real.  They just call me a hack, don't think I have the education...”  
  
“Well you *do* have the education, you're a PhD with just as much right to be called 'Doctor' as me.  What are you doing here?  We pay peanuts, for cryin' out loud...” he said not for the first time, shaking his head.  “I can also tell this is hard for you.  You respect our residents, you do a great job, but I know you don't enjoy it.  Why?”  
  
“I have some sins for which I need to atone,” I said, for the first time giving my boss' boss' boss a straight answer on this.  “It was pretty much in a past life, but I haven't always treated the disabled well.”  
  
Tompkins shrugged.  “We've all done things we're not proud of.  Just keep up the good work.  Give Tracee my love.”  *What did you do to end up here, Paul Tompkins, and why out of seven billion am I the only one who remembers?*  Having the memories of an adult had been a huge asset throughout my new childhood.  Yes, I'd tried harnessing vacuum energy but for some reason it didn't work here.  This wasn't the actual late 20th/early 21st century; this was Hell.  
  
As the TV news turned to gas attacks in Syria, I was reminded that Satan ruled this place though I still hadn't met him as a person, and I had to conclude he probably wasn't one.  Yet he was all around me, all around us, all around these damned souls who had forgotten that they were damned...  
  
*I remember.  I have to try to shine some light in this place, to be a paladin in Hell.*  It's a crappy job, but I damn well earned it.