You have probably heard the saying that war never changes. 

That is true, even in Heaven. We hid behind one of the great marble spires which stretched up high beyond sight, hoping that this particular corner would be overlooked. My head was kept down, but the sounds of war still buffeted us, oppressed us from all sides. 

"Keep the shields up!" I yelled, shaking Chris by the shoulder, sensing that his concentration was flagging. He nodded, then scrunched his brow in concentration. The glowing shell about us shimmered, then thickened, ever so slightly. Debris, stray arrows, misguided blasts of heavenflame, bounced away harmlessly. 

*Not bad for the recently ascended*, I thought. Not five hours ago, we were but disparate strangers from different walks of life, united only by the road and destination we shared. Now, this motley band of six had witnessed first-hand the chaos frothing amidst the war unfolding in Heaven, had narrowly escaped dissolution, and had learned the fundamentals of defence afforded to us by our new existences. 

Those around us who had learned slower, were already nothing more than stardust, choking the air in their endless plumes. 

"We can't hold on much longer! We have to find somewhere else to hide!" That was Mei, a petite lady   who had first pointed out that paradise was being dismantled before our eyes. She was the one who had convinced us to retreat here, away from the fracas near the Throne. 

"And where would we go? Don't actually see many options now!" replied Chris. 

There was no time for a snarky retort. An electric hum filled the air, a sudden suppression of death cries, as if someone had suddenly filled our ears with cotton. I risked a peek out, and saw the final rook of the old guard, the last line of defence, rise up above the Throne, unable to break free the thousands of hooked snares. Then, a giant spear, launched by six massive angels working in concert, ended the war. 

A cacophony of cheers rose, the euphoria from the rebels drowning out the dismay from the resistance. 

"What was it? What's happening?" asked the twins in unison, straining to look. The adults were holding them back, just barely. 

"That's not important now, we just need to-"

"They've slayed God," I interjected, cutting Mei off, "Karen, Keith, we're on our own now."

"What's wrong with you? What did you have to tell them that for! They're just children!" 

"No point hiding it from them, best they learn now."

"He's right, you know," came the melodious voice from the side, which commanded our attention immediately. "Everything's different now. Please, we can discuss further when you're safe. For now, let me lead you to safety, before those traitors find you. They have little love for those who still bear His form."

And there he floated, hands outstretched in warm friendship. This close, his beauty was so keen that my eyes watered, that my knee itched to bend. I felt our shields weaken as our aching hearts melted under the promise of his protection. 

Who would not be tempted? 

I tapped into the well of energy we shared, draining the shield away. The rest didnt say a word, for they had already given me their word that they would follow my lead. The angel smiled, floated nearer, then stretched out his hand, reaching towards me... 

Seconds from contact, I focused, then summoned a spear of light, not unlike how the six massive angels had done earlier. Before the angel could react, I plunged it upwards into his abdomen, twisting, feeling it grind against gristle, relishing the outpouring of golden lifeblood. 

No one breathed, no one questioned my decision. For a second, I doubted myself, wondered if it was the wrong call. 

"How did you know... he was trying to lure you into lowering your guard?"

This voice was far more hoarse, gravelly. We turned, and leaning against a nearby spire was another angel, gripping his sides, face in a rictus of pain. His shield and sword lay by his side. 

"He had the wrong colours on his sash," I said, speaking for the group, "and if he were fighting for God, he wouldn't have had the time to waste on us. Plus, his hands were unbloodied. Doubt any of the rebels would have given him a free pass to wander about."

The angel chuckled, then coughed hard, almost choking. 

"Keen eyes, human. Much better than the worthless guards we put in place. Plus, seems like you got a handle on the heavenly energies much faster than the others."

"Learn fast or die young," I said, briefly thinking of how I had even ended up in Heaven in the first place. 

"We could do with more people like you. I've a map on me, take it, then go. There will be others who will continue to fight, and maybe, just maybe..."

He didn't finish his sentence, but the meaning was clear enough. As his body dissolved too, floating away like the petals of a dandelion, the group turned to me. 

"Are we going?" asked Chris. 

I found it slightly ironic that the very same sort of responsibilities which had led to my death, would seek me out again in the afterlife. 

"Of course. Let's go."

---

/r/rarelyfunny 