I’ve always been efficient. In fact, I am the most efficient of all of the boss man’s posse. Oops, I need to capitalize the b, in case he knows. Of course he knows. Oops, “He” knows. We had the big release date for the End-all Project, or as you might call it – The “Apocalypse” planned for every millennium, but things never actually went through. You know, organizational problems, this and that. Through all of that, who was always early to work and always the last to leave? THIS guy. Always punctual. And I didn’t complain about the name of the project. Apocalypse doesn’t sound important or even ominous. Sounds like a crappy black metal band from one of those cold, dark, northern cities I used to love to get a beer at.

Anywho. The “Apocalypse” happened and unlike what everyone expected it to be, it was pretty tame. No fire and brimstone. It was mostly an untreatable version of the flu, for Boss-sakes. I just had to show up and direct one person to another, make then want to hug and kiss and touch, etc. I essentially masterminded this with the Department of the Muses. They did the groundwork, making Hollywood make sappy movies for about 20 years straight, and making the greeting card industry create a flurry of “Care for your ___” days. The most ridiculous one that stupid humans bought was “Care for your Mall” day. Hollywood actually convinced people to go hug every object they wanted to own. You’d be surprised how many people want to own an entire mall’s worth of stuff. 

So, the earth ended, a lot phlegmy and mucus-ey than expected. And with that day, a lot of jobs ended. The Angels were always ass-kissers and so they swooped up all the cleanup jobs. The Muses ended up getting a lot of entertainment deals to amuse the Boss man and his buds and the new fresh-faced tenants of heaven. 
Of course, everyone else moved to hell, where all the jobs are. Menial, but steady. And that leaves me, freaking DEATH, where? Yep. Sitting in front of an empty desk. No new emails. I cannot lose this job! It’s not really the perks or even the compensation. I’ve paid all my debts. I will go insane not knowing what to do with myself. And you know what they say – people go quickly, once they retire. Nuh, uh, not this guy. And I am not about to go to hell looking for a job – I like my cubicle at a cozy 68 degrees at all times. 

I am smart and I am writing this in an encrypted journal that not even the Boss man can break..I think. This is what I did - I found this tribe of Yak herders in Mongolia, who just refused to die in this current project. Something about eating a diet almost entire based on Yak secretions seemed to make them immune to any disease. That, and something this guy did, on the down low. I put vitamins in their food. I stole state-of-the-art military immunizations, including one a doomed nerd made for this particular “Apocalyptic” flu before he sneezed himself to death. I, Death, have been making my tribe healthier and healthier by the day, over centuries. That, and their Genghis Khan genes, make them nearly indestructible. 
Now all I have to do, is to make sure that no one pays attention to them by making them very, very boringly religious, and absolutely unnoticeable. I want to make them so boring that God himself would not care. So, me and my buddy Elsa, the Muse have been shaving signs from the Boss into Yak fur, leaving images of his Mom in Yak cheese, etc, over centuries. Signs that tell my new little boring Genghises to always be good, always repent, always live in fear, always cower and always fear the reaper. 

It hasn’t been easy. I tried this with the Vikings before, at an earlier release date, and they were unmanageable to say the least. So, dear reader, as of now, I still have a job. My tribe has grown to about a million. Almost all of them are very, very Boss-fearing. Yes, some return to their Pagan roots, but they are quickly taken care of by the others. Everyone who lives, lives to about a 105 years. It’s a long wait, but I’ve waited before (for Keith Richards and Ozzy Osbourne). But, I have always been an optimist. Elsa and I are currently writing a pilot for one of the new shows that the Department of the Muses, has accepted to air for the people in heaven. It is about how everyone should care for each other and that everything is finally alright, with a touch of toilet humor. Keeps them distracted, keeps the Boss man happy. And I get my paycheck.
