"That will do." Joseph said to himself as he carefully slid the broom back between the wall and the refrigerator where he'd found it several minutes prior. This was his last stop for the night before he was heading back out into the freezing temperature to make his way back to his own apartment. He'd made this stop to 320 Walton Ct only a few times this month, but it was an easy hit and he judging by the stories the folks here were telling other people around town, this wouldn't be the last time he'd make this stop. In fact, because of those stories about some selfless fairy fixing other people's houses, he figured if he worked a little extra at cleaning the place up after he'd done his job, he might just be able to make it a little more worth his while. He smirked has he crept cautiously through the Hormak's living room, through the breezeway and straight back out the front door as he did last week.

A block down the road sat Joseph's old 1990 Chevy Pick Up. As he stepped in, his foot slipped and he clumsily fell face first into the truck, spewing coins, bills, a watch and old leather wallet all over the cab. He grabbed tonight's collection, removed the plastic bags from around his feet, and started the truck. As he drove out of Walton Ct and down Walton Rd he counted out loud the houses that he had hit in the past month. 
"1, 2, 3..." He laughed as he lit a cigarette. "That one twice so that makes 5, just on this street alone." 

A fuzzy old voice picked up in response, the radio. "The kids are expecting Santa, while parents are expecting Bridgetown's Fairy. Rumor has it, he has his own list that he'll be checking once or twice, weather or not your naughty or nice!"
"That's got a nice ring to it. Nah, too cliché." He flicked his cigarette and drove off into the coming snow storm.

The next morning he woke up with a pounding headache. He made himself a cup of coffee, followed that one up with two more as he grabbed his pack of Marlboro's, a newspaper, a paper and a pen. His morning routine. He enjoyed the articles about the Bridgetown Fairy, a magical little creature that goes around fixing houses, cleaning, what have you. His favorite part was the lack of concern people had over things coming up missing. "Nobody seems to notice the old stuff gone when the new stuff's fixed." He said to Jax, his dog. Jax lifted his head for a moment of acknowledgement, and rested it down when he realized there was no food following his master's voice. 

He began making a list of houses that he'd already hit that week and weeks prior, and tallied the amount of times he'd been to each one. Some were becoming a little too frequent, so this week he was deciding to find a new location. Slums? Too easy, not enough reward, too much to fix. Ritzy? A lot of reward, not enough to fix, they'll notice. Middle class was his easiest target. He decided on a 10 year old subdivision on the other side of town. He'd only been in the area once, hit a couple houses, but had a bad vibe about it. But it was his best bet. He grunted as he made his way to the shower. He shaved his face clean, got dressed, and headed down to the market. 

"Good morning Joseph." Came a familiar voice. Mourna. She was as pleasant a woman as she was a wife. But that was years ago. She ditched him for some Robert Palman from the city. He offered her a lot and delivered zilch. She retreated back to Bridgetown and get herself a fancy new job as a cashier at the Corner Market. Good for her, she seems happy now. She doesn't sense his urge to breakdown every time he sees her or hears her voice. 

"Good morning Mourna. Just the usual and this, he said as he set his milk and coffee beans on the counter top. She reached behind her to grab a couple packs of cigarettes for him and rang up his order. He passed her a few bills.

"Say have you heard about the fairy everyone's on about?"
"You mean Santa's own handpicked elf to come help out the adults for a change? Yeah I've heard of it, I guess I didn't make the cut. Hasn't been around my place." 
"Same here" she said. Though Joseph knew that wasn't true. He'd been there, just a few nights ago, nothing weird about it. He just knew it would be an easy enough hit, but he couldn't bring himself to do it. What kind of man would steal from a woman already down, someone he actually still believed he loved. She looked at him crookedly, sensed something was up. 
"Maybe you'll get lucky." He winked.
"I'd rather not, I don't buy into the fantastical thought of some make believe fairy fixing my place up. There's obviously more to it than that, some creep staking the town out."

She always had some sense. Not like these other fools with loose screws in their heads. A fairy? I mean common. "Hey listen, it was good to see you again, Mourna."
"You too Joseph." She shot him a look that reminded him of the old days where he knew he was on the only guy getting that innocent look of compassion. "Take care."

That night he did his usual thing. Got his gear together, hopped in the truck and made for Bridge Grove, the small subdivision. He'd eyed a good looking home last time he was here. A mid sized home, comfortable looking. He found it toward the front entrance of the subdivision. 305 Newfrost Ln. He made his way around to the side. The idiot left his cellar door open. Must be expected a small winged beastie. "No such luck." He muttered and stepped down into the musky cold basement. He popped on a flashlight.

What he noticed first sent a shiver up his spine and made him nearly lose consciousness. He flicked this light back off and stood there frozen for a few moments. He aimed the flashlight at the floor, turned it back on. Slowly, he aimed it straight ahead. He couldn't really believe what he'd just seen, but sure enough as he raised it, his fears became true. First he saw the feet, the legs, the lower body, torso, head. The head, what he'd initially seen, bullet hole and all. He jolted backward into the wall, actually a rack of some sort that rattled everything that hung from it. He turned to see, and noticed several different guns; rifles, pistols, semi-automatics... more than anyone truly needed. As he moved back toward the cellar door, he tripped over a box. Inspecting that he noticed a case of money. Thousands he guessed. He panicked, grabbed the case, and broke for the door, back around the house and froze. Considering his reputation, if he didn't follow suit now, he may never be able to make another hit in this town again. "What the...?" He thought and shook the idea clear, continuing his sprint to his truck. He tried starting it, but it was giving him some trouble. He tried again, no luck. He looked back to the house and saw the curtains shift, someone was in there. "Common, common!" He growled at the igniter. He peered over once more and saw the front door begin to open. "COMMON!" He screamed, and finally, it gave. He threw it into drive, and sped out of the subdivision. 

He took the back road home, it wasn't any faster than going through town, but he knew he could speed going this way, and that would make it faster. As he sped, he came to a part where the road narrowed over a small bridge. He was going too fast for even a clear weather mid-noon day, only it was midnight and they had another forecasted snow storm. His back tire slipped out, he bumped the railing of the bridge, and hit hard into a small ditch. He was out cold. 

The next morning, he woke up to a middle aged man knocking on his window. Everything was hazy, but he managed rolling the window down. He could feel the frozen blood irritating the bridge of his nose. "Need help out of there buddy?" A toe-truck driver. Thank God it wasn't whoever was in that house last night. The man helped him out of the ditch and noticed the bloodied case in the passenger seat. "What's with that?" The man said nodding toward it. 

Joe saw the blood, is it mine? Or that man in the basement's? He touched his forehead remembering the blood. Put his hand out and shrugged, indicating he must have gotten his blood all over it. Thankfully it was closed, so the man didn't question and get suspicious about all the money inside of it. 

He finally made it home after a long night. He'd wished the nightmare had ended there but he wasn't so lucky. His placed was completely and totally destroyed. His stuff was everywhere, turned upside down, broken. A complete and total disaster. The next two things he noticed was the lack of heavy animal attacking his leg. Jax wasn't here. He slammed his foot into a chair and sent it crashing into the dining room table where yesterday's coffee cup and newspaper still sat. Which is where he noticed the next thing, a note on the table. He read it.

"Dear Mr. Fairy,
I believe you mistook that house last night as one that you could help yourself into and fix up. Maybe even steal a few bucks. Our little secret. But you took something of mine. I'm pretty disappointed in how you left the place. Such a mess. And the body in the basement. Despicable. I hope you can come to your senses.
You don't want to take the fall for this, and you want your dog back. Money for the dog, but if you don't want to take the fall, you'll have to do something a bit more for me. A dead man won't stay hidden forever. People will go looking for him. 
A bit of advice? Make your decision quickly. I don't like dogs, and I'm very impatient.
Sincerily, 
S. Nicholas"