The world outside the bunker roiled, the fabric of space time ripped and billowing in the cosmic wind. Across the despoiled plains strode Abaddon, Dark Lord of Corruption, his left glove crackling with the power of the Hand of Midnight. He raised a finger, and a beam of pure destruction struck the bunker, splashing against a flickering rainbow shield.

A lab technician, in a white coat: "Sir, corruption levels in the arcane pylon are at 94%! We can't hold the anti-magic field up much longer! What are we going to do?"

The general sighed. "We've tried everything? Nukes? Those Japanese schoolgirls? How about the banishment ritual?"

"All ineffective, sir! We've run out of Level 1 contingencies!"

The general groaned in annoyance. "Looks like we're going to have to upgrade this to a Level 0." He pulled a crumpled sticky note out of his pocket, and began to dial.

As he finished, a great howl of roaring wind sounded as Abaddon shredded the roof and upper five levels of the bunker, leaving the general's office exposed to the elements.

"ANY LAST WORDS BEFORE I END YOUR PUNY EXISTENCE, MORTAL?"

"... hang on, Mom. Can't you see that I'm on a call, here?"

"OH YES, CALL, CALL YOUR PATHETIC LOVED ONES, LET THEM HEAR YOUR DYING SCREAMS!"

"...yeah, yeah, I promise I'll visit more, okay? And I'll talk to Sis, I swear! I'm getting around to it. Alright? Okay, talk to you soon, bye." The general closed his phone, and turned to face Abaddon. "And bye to you too, Abaddon."

"AHAHAHAHA, INSOLENT MORTAL! YOU DARE TO THINK YOU CAN DEFEAT ME? NOW, DI-AAAAAGH"

Abaddon screamed as his body dissolved into a million tiny threads, the Hand of Midnight crashing to the ground. Outside, the cosmic fabric wove itself back together, cars, trees, people slowly forming out of gradually appearing strands of matter, followed by the roof of the bunker. A few minutes, and it was done, no sign of Abaddon or his invasion remaining except for a glowing gauntlet, sitting on the floor.

"Um, sir, what... what exactly just happened?"

"... let's just say I got this job through connections. Now get that Hand to containment. I've got family matters to attend to."