Rpgs used to be an escape from the stresses of life. It became a horrible addiction for some, as it happens with such escapes. Naturally, rpg games were worked like they were the cure for cancer. 

We all knew what was coming. More and more esteemed people were subscribing to the simulation theory. Some saying it's become somewhat of a cult among rich entrepreneurs. 

When the VRRPGS started nearing lifelike realism, hooked up via a liquid processor that interfaced with the brain straight through the skin and bone of your skull.. thats when things changed. 

The game was no longer an escape. This was a real issue of course. It was supposed to be an escape and now it's so real that it's just as stressful as real life was. And the RPG world is darker than reality, since nobody really takes responsibility for their actions, it's rife with rape and murder. 

There's an epidemic now, it's called dissociative personality disorder. People literally forget who they are. The simulation is so real that it damages their brains. 

This caused the government to crack down and take control of the game worlds. To implement rules that would prevent people from committing crimes. They basically implemented the same laws as real life, in order to ensure people would stop behaving like savages and damaging the brains of those involved. They implemented a form of death and various built-in systems of punishment and motivation. Dying in game meant that you'd become conscious of your real body for a minute. And that minute would the greatest pain imaginable. Your entire nervous system revolting against the absence of your consciousness. 

The game became just as real as life was. So now you have old skool rpgs re-emerging. They're even running an old warcraft server in one of the worlds.

We had to create a game within a game in order to escape our new life. We're obviously running from ourselves. Soon this rpg within an rpg will evolve to the same level. That's when we'll have to go deeper. 

Nobody really knows how deep we already are. Neo-creationists are mopping up all the lost souls now. Their story was once so ridiculous in light of scientific discovery.. but ask any scientist today and he'll tell you that we're living in a computer game. 

Who would have tought, instead of being a species roving from planet to planet, we move from game to game, reality to reality. Each time forgetting where we came from, and that we created the very world we live in. 