I really hate insomnia.

I really really hate it, it's bad enough im perpetually exhausted, that I'm awake when there is nothing to do, and that I spend enough on coffee that there's probably a statue of me, in some small little coffee bean farm in columbia.

"holy shit just fucking sleep dude, like this is basic thing, everything can do, and so can you, just fucking sleep" I announced to myself, hoping to induce sleep through a weird self depreciating pep-talk

"not yet I need your help settling a bet" something whispered to me at the foot of my bed.

"oh ok" ... wait ... what I jumped. My head nearly hitting the ceiling as I stared into the weird shapeless mass huddled over the edge of my bed.

"ok try to close your eyes, what you will see, melts the mind of those who do not have *eyes*" the thing said as i grabbed me ankles and drug me through a portal

Everything was moving so fast, everythign was so loud, I never liked rollercoasters to begin with and this was 50x worse. I screamed, I prayed to God, Jesus, Budha, Mohammed, Obama 
to anybody who would help me, and all I was met with was my own screaming. 

Finally when the moving stopped, and my bowels stopped evacuating, I opened my eyes, and found nothingness, seriously like there was nothing there, no sky, no ground, just blankness. 

As i scanned my surrounding i saw the shapeless mass that drug me through the portal, I couldnt stop shaking, no matter what angle I looked at this thing it had no shape, It was just a blob of shadow.

The shapeless mass motioned to me somehow. "beezlebub, this is the guy ask him" 










































Thousands of voices speaking in unison rang out, echoing over the nothingness. " Human you've come here to help us settle the bargain"

"Wh-Wh-what is it?" I could bearly get the words out. If i hadnt already shit myself, it would've happened there.

"Do you put cereal first, or milk?" the choir of voices asked.

"cereal first sir" I whimpered

"see told you so" the shapeless mass replied

"ok send him back, and you dont gotta gloat about it" 