The air of the interrogation room was humid and stagnant. I wobbled back and forth on the chair's uneven legs and drummed my fingers on the cold table in front of me. The fluorescent light swung and flickered casting shadows on the otherwise barren walls of the interrogation room. The door swung open and two police officers walked into the room. One wore a conman's smile and held a steaming mug in either hand and approached me while the other stood sentinel at the doorway.

As if there were any point in running away. If I left the room I’d have to cross the bullpen...Out of the frying pan and into the fire. 

“Coffee?” the officer asked, taking a seat across from me and sliding a steaming mug across the table. The foul bitter smell of the dark brew caused my nose to crinkle. 

“No thank you. I don’t like coffee” I said, pushing the mug back towards the officer.

“Can I get you something else then? Tea? Water? I think there’s some soda left over from McDunagh’s retirement party last week. Probably flat though…”

“I’d like to get this over with so I can go home if it’s all the same to you,” I said interrupting him. 

“You’re Head of Security for Global Bank. Is that correct?” he asked, pulling a notebook from his breast pocket. He pulled the cap off with his teeth and spit it onto the table. I leaned the chair back and silently prayed it wouldn’t bounce over to me. 

“That’s correct.”

“How long have you been working there?” 

“As head of security or in general?” 

“Both.”

“I’ve worked security in the bank for the past five years and was promoted to head of security two years ago.” 

“Were you aware that the bank was robbed on the evening of April 25th?” he asked, scribbling something in his notebook.

“Yes. I was the one that called the police the morning after.”

“But you never saw the robber or robbers?”

“No, I was off\-duty at the time.”

“You didn’t think to check the security cameras?”

“I did but there’s been a problem with them for nearly two weeks. I reported the problem...but no one from corporate has bothered to return my emails”

“What’s the issue with the security cameras?” he asked, raising his eyes to meet mine.

“I’m not really tech savy. I couldn’t tell you the problem,” I said, rubbing the back of my neck in embarrassment. I took pride in my job but the technical aspects went over my head. 

“To the best of your knowledge what’s the problem?” he asked.

“The cameras will see everything but the footage isn’t being stored on the servers”

“So, if the cameras see everything. How is it that the guard on duty...Mr. Thompson,”

“Thomas,” I corrected. His smile broke for just a moment before chuckling.

“How was it that Mr. Thomas didn’t see the robbery taking place?” 

“It must have happened when he made his rounds. There are blind spots in the camera so we have the guards do rounds every hour or so.” 

“Thanks for your cooperation. One. You weren’t involved in the robbery were you?”

“Do you think I’d be coming into work if I had that kind of money?” I asked, chuckling and rising to my feet. “If you need anything else. Call me” I said, handing him my business card. We made our pleasantries as he led me out of the station. 

Just a few more years of toiling away at this job. Then I could retire, with the generous pension that I had given myself.