Detective Wight pulls out the keys to his apartment as he makes his way up the steps. It was another long day of fruitless follow ups. Dead ends after deadends. Useless! Nothing worked. No matter what he did, he couldn't catch him. No pattern, no motive, no possible logic to it! For exactly a year today he had been chasing a ghost.

Agitated, Wight violently inserts his key into door and opens it. Before he can close it behind him he hears music playing from his kitchen. As quietly as possible he sets his keys down, closes the door and draws his weapon. 

As he carefully makes his way down the hall, the smell of spicy food drifts by. Lana Del Reys "Cola" fills the apartment as he slowly turns the corner toward the kitchen, gun drawn. 

In the kitchen a slim man in a bright Hawaiian shirt and speedo sings in a high voice while dancing in a pair of work boots. A black ski mask covers his head and thick winter gloves cover his hands. Fake pigtails are clipped to the sides of his mask.

"- tastes like Pepsi COLA!" 

"Freeze,"

"Nope, all fresh!" The man turns toward Wight. "Hey honey pie! Supper will be ready soon."

"Get down on the floor."

"That's after supper," the man winks at Wight and shakes his hips slightly. "How was work?"

Wight slowly approaches the man, glancing around the apartment for others. 

"Are there any others here?"

The man tosses the food in the pan with flare. "Nope just us."

"Who are you? Why are you here?"

With a violent motion the man throws the pan across the apartment before turning back to Wight. "Did you forget our anniversary? So not cool Wighty."

"Anniversary?"

"Our one year anniversary!" The man walks into the living room and sits on the couch. Wight follows him with the gun. The man takes off his pigtails and pops open a beer as he falls onto the couch. "Sit down Wighty." The man attempts to drink the beer through the mask material. "Ah," the man says refreshingly as the beer pours down the fabric.

Detective Wight sits across from the man and stays silent. "Here's the deal batman; you leave me alone and I'll keep sending you Christmas cards and the occasional sexy pic. Ok?" 

Wight stares at the man. This couldn't be him. This couldn't be the man he had been chasing for a year. 

"Now, if don't mind, I'm late for my roomba session. It's this new workout where you run around an empty room turning only when you hit something. Great for cardio!"

The man stands up to leave. 

"Wait! You're under arrest!" 

The man turns towards the bed room door and yells out. "Told you he'd say that! Come on out Frank!"

Wight turns to the door, expecting someone to burst out with a gun. When no one did, he turns back to the man who had snuck down the hall and through the door.

"Made you look! Toodles!"

Wight fires at the door as he charges toward it. Bursting through, Wight finds the stairway empty and curses.