I looked over at the clock situated on my end table. The time read 0128, and I could see the glow of the streetlights through my window's shutters. I slowly sat up and rubbed my eyes, hoping this was a bad prank.

"W-what? This has got to be a prank. Come on out guys, show yourselves..."

The brown tabby I had named Samantha sighs and walks up to me, pawing at my face before she speaks again.

"This is not a prank, and we need to move now before they arrive."

The cat jumped off of the bed and pawed at my closet. Why do I feel like I'm in an 90's movie?

"Hurry your highness! We must move at once!"

I decided to humor the cat and climbed out of bed, pulling on his jeans and boots, slowly doing his belt buckle.

"Faster! We don't have much time!"

The tabby ran out into the living room as I stuffed various clothes and toiletries into my bag, pausing in front of his dresser and looking at the pictures on it. The rapid pidder padder of cat feet could be heard as she came ran back into the bedroom.

"They're fast approaching, what are you doing!?"

I stoid there insilence for a few seconds beffore stufding a few of the pictures in my bag. I pulled my jacket on and slung the bag over my shoulder, pulling a hat over my head.

"I swear if this is some elaborate prank..."

"It's not! I promise to explain everything later!" 

The urgency in her voice was all to real. She turned around and ran to the door that exited to the driveway. I walked over and opened the door, and she rushed out to my truck, sniffing around it, her ears moving around.

I opened the door to my Comanche and tossed my bag to the other side and Samantha hopped in. I sat down in the seat and closed the door, fumbling with my keys.

"Hurry your highness, they're almost here!"

She hissed at me as I pulled them out of my jacket pocket.

"I heard you the first time you know. And stop calling me that."

I turned the key and the engine turned and the old Jeep pickup truck spurred to life. I turned the lights on and pulled my seatbelt on, making sure everhthing was in order.

"For the love of- what are you doing!?"

Her voice was more urgent than before. I shook my head and looked out the front of the window and saw glowing eyes at the end of my drive way.

"It's to late!"

The glowing eyes turned out to be dogs. And a lot of them. Pit bulls, german sheperds, chihuahuas, shibas, all manner of dogs. 

"What the hell..."

"Just drive before they rip us to shreds!"

"But..."

"Just go!"

I hesitate and the dogs start running towards the truck, growling and showing their teeth. That convinced me. I shoved the truck in reverse and backed through the yard, the fence, and intonthe alley behind my house. I wipped it so we were facing one of the ways out and stuck it into first, gunning it.

Samantha dug her claws into the seat to keep from flying around the cab. After a couple seconds she climbs to the top if the seat she was in and looked out the back window.

"They're still following us!"

We reached the end of the alley and I I turned the wheel into a hard left, and thebrear tires partially lost their grip as he over steered. Samantha lost her footing and let out a MREOW! as she flew towards the passenger door. I straightened out the truck and looked over at her.

"Are you alright!?"

"Yeah, I'll live."

She jumped up onto the back of the middle seat to look out in front of us, and I turned the corner and my eyes went wide.

"What the hell-"

"STOP!"

I slammed my foot down on the breaks and came to a skidding hault in front of a road block of cars, cats, and people who looked like they were wearing cat hears for a cosplay. One of them was Blake, my best friend. He grinned and stood up, walking over to us. Samantha walked over to the driver's side window.

"Roll the window down."

I rapidly worked the window crank as Blaje walked up, his jet black hair now accompanied by equally black ears.

"Guardsman Samantha."

"Guardsman Blake."

"I see you made it out."

"Barely. His Highness would barely listen to me. Didn't you explain this all to him earlier?"

Blake shuffled uneasily, letting a nervous grin show. Samantha's eyes narrowed, and I could feel the venom in her tone.

"Why didn't you!?"

"I'm sorry, I may be his best friend, but he would have thought I was crazy if I told him he was the heir to the throne of a long forgotten race!"

 As I listened to them talk, I started to feel light headed. I heard dogs howling in the distance,  and they were getting close. Everything started fading out, and I started to slowly lay down.

"...Your Highness? Your Highness!"

I knew they were panicking but that was about it. Something didn't feel right. Something was... changing...

 "Shit! Move him over, I'll dri-"

And everything went black.