“Truth has no regard for perspective, Inspector.”


The doctor led the way and John followed close behind. The long corridor was white and spotless, and there were doors with small windows on either side in seemingly eternal repetition. John felt as if he had been caught in a dream, unable to run from a hidden threat that he knew was there, waiting, but could not yet see. He glanced back every so often, trying to count the round lights on the ceiling to confirm he had indeed made progress down the hall.


“That's where you're wrong, doctor,” he said. “There can be no truth without awareness. Acceptance is a big part of recovery. How can a criminal learn to accept their mistakes if they cannot even remember their own crimes?”


The doctor stopped for the first time since she began the tour. She turned around and looked at John through her thin eyeglasses with some contempt. “Put simply, criminal tendencies are a result of psychological and upbringing components. The act itself is merely a consequence - the end result of a behavioral pattern. We can address these behaviors, even if the memory of the crime is not there anymore. As far as they know, we are *preventing* instead of *punishing*.”


John didn't stop. He walked past the doctor, stood in front of the door behind her and looked in. The walls inside were as white as the hallway was, and inside sat a man in front of a canvas, painting the green and blue landscape outside his window. “Really, now? And what happens when they go back out there, where the whole world knows something they don't? Must be quite the shock to find out that you're a murderer after spending so much time trying to - “ John paused, pointed toward the doctor as if trying to remember. “*prevent* it, as you say.”


“You have a lot of questions, Inspector,” the doctor said as she continued down the hallway and John went alongside her. “Is everyone in your precinct as prone to bouts of philosophy as you are?”


“I'm afraid not, ma'am.” John let out a laugh. “But I'm guessing that's why they sent me to investigate. I know how to ask the hard questions.”


“And yet you're not here to learn more about our justice system, are you, sir?”


“That I am not. I'm here to interview that special case of yours. The guy that didn't forget, as they tell me. The chief says he wants to make sure he's not lying, and here I am to see about just that.”


“Ah, yes. One Mr. Altman. I was there when the procedure was done. It's not unusual for new patients-”


“Inmates,” John interrupted. “You might be a doctor but these people are criminals, not patients.”


The doctor pursed her lips and visibly held back some of her anger. Some. “It’s not uncommon for some *people* to experience some episodes of memory awareness after the procedure. But even if they can tell a memory is missing it does not change the fact that it's not there, and it does not change the actions that brought them to this place.”


“I'm sure that's the case, but they say there's something different about this Mr. Altman. I heard he can remember some details that fit with the subtracted memory, and something tells me that part isn't that common.”


The hallway ended in a set of elevator doors, and John didn't like the look of it when they slid open to reveal what looked like a glass coffin. He could see the courtyard below as he stepped in, inmates coming and going around the fountain with their gray outfits, guards in blue chatting among themselves. No one was a threat here. Prison nowadays looked more like a glorified retirement home for the mentally ill than what it had once been. There were no bars, no cells, no uncomfortable beds. There were only doors with small windows on them and a lot of arts and crafts. It almost made John want to commit a crime himself. He wouldn't even remember doing it, and life didn't seem as bad in here. It was peaceful, and quiet, although there was something so clinical in the way all these white walls and transparent glass seemed to glow.


“Well, it's not my place to pry on official business. But just so you know, Mr. Altman's mental status is very unstable, to say the least.” The doctor pressed a button marked B1 and the elevator doors slid close, and down they went.


“Serial killers are a different kind of evil, doctor,” John said. “Met my share in my time, before we could just wipe their conscience clean.” The elevator doors opened to another hallway, short and gray this time, and yet one more door a few steps ahead. “I can handle a little instability.”


The doctor opened the next door after fiddling with the security pad on the side. They opened on their own and John stepped in after the doctor. The room was dark and there were two guards on either side, both the only ones he'd seen with guns. There was a wall of glass right at the middle, an inmate's quarters behind it in the other half of the room. A man stood facing the wall, hands dripping red and black. The light was dim on his side, too, but John could see this man has also taken up painting. He wondered if that was part of their so-called therapy, and if it worked on people like Mr. Altman here.


“I could barely contain myself when I heard they were sending an Inspector to meet with me,” the man spoke without turning around, head held high in admiration of his secret masterpiece. “I can't wait to get started.”

