Broadly speaking, there are two kinds of people. There are those that use their Knack as just another way of living their life. Something to make things easier while they get on with what really matters. The teacher who can always tell what their students are whispering at the back of the class. The suburban dad who can carry all the shopping from the car in one go. These people tend to have Schedule 3 or Schedule 4 level Knacks, and they go about their lives happily, grateful for the small Knacks they have. The second type of person is one whose knack defines them. Their abilities are the very focus of their lives, and without it they feel they would be nothing. They choose their knack for a goal, to do something they would be incomplete without. Obviously, this has made society somewhat volatile. People whisper about government agencies tasked with tracking down people who abuse their Knacks. If you choose a strong Knack, you’d better be careful how you use it.

Noon came, and with the party quietened in anticipation. Unused to the attention, my resolve wavered. For a split second, I almost felt a voice in the back of my head telling me not to do it. Telling me I’d regret it. I brushed it away, my heart beating faster now. As the clock struck twelve, everyone turned to me, raising their glasses and smiling. My parents looked on nervously from the back of the crowd, anxious smiles across their faces. I took a deep breath and dropped my glass on the floor. In the silence, the shatter was like a thunderclap. I bent to the floor, and soon the room was abuzz with muttering and helpful bustle. *Don’t move… I’ll get a broom… here stay away you’ll cut yourself.* In the busy moment, I made my request. Under my breath, and using the official words, I requested that my Knack be control over the strong nuclear force. As soon as I said it, I felt a tingle in the back of my skull, as if a someone watching me had just looked away. That must be it, I thought, I must have it now. The mess had been cleared away, and everyone looked once again to me. I took another breath, and this time I wished loudly for the ability to control water.

 There was a cheer in the room, my parents hugged me in relief, and some people even looked impressed. *Not bad,* I heard someone mutter to each other over bubbles, *a Schedule 2. What do you think he’ll do with it?*

Once the congratulations were over,  I cornered Suzanne at the drinks table. 

“Well done,” she said, “but controlling water? What’re you going to do with that? Seems pretty specific doesn’t it?”

“Well, Suze,” I began, “in a way I guess I did ask to control water, but, and you have to keep this to yourself, I actually asked for something else. I asked to control the Strong Nuclear Force.”

She was silent for a second. Then she burst out laughing. “You Goddamn nerd, what does that even mean?”

“Come on Suze, you remember physics, it means I can basically control the arrangement of atoms and stuff. Move protons and neutrons around, that sort of stuff.” I shifted uncomfortably, “if I’d known you’d have a go at me like that I wouldn’t have told you.”

“Right, I’m sorry,” she said without a trace of sincerity, “but wouldn’t that be like, really powerful?”

“Well, yeah. I can basically do anything. Levitate stuff probably, change something into something else, lots of stuff I guess.”

“But that must be a Schedule 1 then,” Suzanne looked around, her mirth forgotten. She was starting to panic for me. “You’ll have to be really careful, what if someone finds out?”

“I know, I know, relax. Let me show you something cool, if I can.” Picked up her glass of champagne, I reached my mind out into the glass. I focussed on the silicon inside it and lifted my eyes to Suzanne. 

“I will now turn this glass,” I paused dramatically, “into sand! Mostly.” At this point, I admit I didn’t actually know what I was doing. But I thought that if I basically managed to make the glass do anything at all, Suzanne would be suitably impressed. I focussed my mind, throwing it into the glass, feeling dizzy as my minds eye span down through the crystalline structure of the glass. I felt the atoms, I felt the individual protons and neutrons, and I pulled. 

In an instant, it felt like the secrets of the universe were revealed to me. I could burn cities, crumble mountains and turn whole continents to glass. I could create life, destroy suns, or sail through the cosmos and touch the very face of God. I was the most powerful creature in the universe. All I had to do was take it. I reeled back, aware of myself again. Suzanne was gone, my party, my house, my friends were gone. I was surrounded by fine, white ash. It hung in the air as well, I couldn’t see beyond ten feet in any direction. The I heard a voice.

“We did try to warn you.” A man’s voice, familiar somehow. “But you’re 18, why would you listen to a voice in your head.” 

He was advancing towards me know, coming out of the fog. In a panic, with tears streaking my ash-covered face, I blasted him to pieces with my mind. Or, I tried to. 

“I’m sorry,” he said, “everyone’s got a Knack. And this is mine.”
I tried again, but it felt like I couldn’t get a grip on his atoms, like I had no purchase. From behind me I heard a noise, and a hand gripped my neck. I felt the most terrible cold seeping from their hands into me. All my knowledge, all my ambition, all my power was being stripped away. I had been a God for less than 10 minutes. They’d been watching, they’d been waiting. In a society as dangerous as ours, they couldn’t wait for someone to abuse a Knack.
 
