I was lucky, most kids in my generation are riddled with cancer, disease, or lop-sided. Their parents probably shuffled all of their points for them when they were in utero, rather than after birth. One shuffle doesn't do much, maybe a total loss of one point; a shame to be sure, but you can make do without. Another shuffle is pushing the envelope, chances for defects become relevant statistics. Most geneticists refuse to even consider a third shuffle, after the Surgeon General herself referenced its direct correlation with Freedonia's infant mortality rates. Those that have dared chance a fourth shuffle haven't been out of prison to talk about it.


If your parents aren't poor, crazy, or gamblers, the same procedure may be done later in the child's life. After adolescence, the gene technique applies with significantly reduced chances of ill effect. Only at age 18, however, is that individual allowed to voluntarily alter their own genetics. It's ironic that one can change their very being, before they can legally purchase even a pinch of Zip. But, I digress.

I should give some background about points and their value, before I go any further. With advent of nanosurgery and stem cell cultivation, eugenics became standard-issue in Freedonia, with the rest of the world shaking their heads. Procedures that took a lifetime push-and-pull were concluded in mere months. Race began to dissolve entirely, settling into a bland Khaki pigment. We measure age beyond adolescence by decades, no longer individual years. Parents passed on their immensely improved genes to their children, resulting in equally, if not further improved offspring. Unable to initially quantify this advancement, doctors classified them using current athletes, geniuses, survivalists, scientists, etc; the best of the best. Eventually they worked out a system, but it's still pretty vague. One point is a bit insignificant, while five is a powerful, distinct difference. 


Today, I'm changing my own genetics. I was lucky to be born with the points I have, never mind five total. An IQ of 185, above-average testosterone and height, musculature, and a metabolism that promotes easy body-sculpting on my part. But I am tired of all that. It really is boring, to stride through your life with nothing but victory. Excellence does not appeal to me, nor does invention. All the problems of the world seem so small, when I look at them. So short, when we look at where we've come from, and how far we still must go. Without an operational Alcubierre-Drive the fate of our species is probably sealed. Even then, we'll freeze as the universe runs out of fuel. My parents do not seem to care, or at least they do with the same cold necessity that I do. A nurture out of obligation and legality, not instinct and emotion. They provide me food, a home, education, and occasional company. But they are strangers to me now. We all seem so strange and detached.


After this procedure, I hope to do the one thing that interests me: challenge reality itself to a battle of wits. I shall see if distributing all five points into Luck will prevail over stark reality. There've been reports of gamblers with three points of Luck wandering the streets, mumbling about their losses. If I fail, the rest of my problems will be eliminated. I'll have no more pessimism, no more frigid emotion, no more want, no more solitude. But, should I succeed, I may unravel the composition of the world itself. 


And who knows, atomic breakdown could be fun. 