Death grabbed some stones and carried them over to the building site. This was were a new community was being built. One of the last communities. After all, the apocalypse had just happened. A deadly virus had wiped out all of humanity except for about 5,000 people. The survivors were those who had waited inside a bunker, or the ones who paid for the incredibly expensive healthcare package. This was bad news for our good old pal Death, who would be out of a job soon if ALL of humanity got wiped out. He had decided to gather up the survivors left in the ruins of Chicago, and helped them get food, water, and power running. Now, he was helping them build homes. He kept placing stones, one by one and making walls. He then dropped one on his toe and winced. After wincing for approximately 1.7 seconds, he got back to work. 

    Around 9:00 PM, he was finished. Another home complete. He wiped the non-existent sweat off of his bony forehead, and went back to his hut for the night. He then grabbed his old iPod. You see, this iPod came from his boss Hades. It was a gift from the god of the Underworld himself! It's battery never, ever ran out! Death turned on an indie rock playlist, and closed his eye-sockets, falling asleep. 

Death woke up and stretched for a second. He then walked out of his hut, and into the Mess Hall in the center of the town. He smelled uncooked bacon, and rationed granola bars. Oh, how excited he was! He sat down at one of the long benches next to his best bud Chad. "Hey Chad. How's the city so far?" Death asked with a yawn. "The construction of New Chicago is going great! I'm really glad that you decided to help out, free of charge!" 

   Death frowned. He WAS helping out free of charge, because they had nothing to give him. Oh well. "Hey Chad, you asking out that girl Hannah today?" Death said to Chad. Chad blushed and started to mumble something that Death couldn't hear. "I didn't heeeaaar you Chad." Death said, a hint of mockery in his voice. "Yeah, I guess." Chad said. "Alright! So you're gonna have sex tonight?" Death asked with excitement. Chad was shocked by this. "Dude, it doesn't work like that! Look, I know you really want us humans to repopulate the Earth, but nobody has sex on the first night of dating!" Death frowned. "Maybe next week then." He said. 

*If you liked or disliked the story please let me know why!*