He's an unsung American hero.  Nobody knows of his existence.   His grandchildren don't even know he existed, until his life insurance policy cashed out, and they were 3 million dollars richer. 

However, back in 1985, his hesitance to launch a nuke towards Moscow and start WWIII was the difference between humanity existing, and Earth becoming a sterilized mass of cinders, glowing water, and microbes.

He shot his commanding officer who wanted to disobey Ronald Reagan and launch a nuke towards Moscow.

He was later court martialed and sentenced to .10 years in the hole.   

Nobody knew what he did.  Everything he did was classified.   But he wasn't jailed for long.  His heroism hastened the collapse of the Soviet Union.   the plucky soldier knew the commanding officer was compromised by the Soviets, and knew this was a trick to get America to blink first.   

Then after the Soviet Union fell, he was free.   He was a hero to America.  And it was classified.  If word got out that an American got compromised during the Cold War, it would have been a PR disaster.  So they gave him a pension and a life insurance policy, and told Lieutenent Silversmith to enjoy the rest of his days as a taxi driver in Indianapolis.   

I am this man's grandchild.   

Flags were flown half staff to mourn my grandfather.   Officially, it was to mark the anniversary of Iwo Jima, but word of God has it that it was to honor my grandfather, who passed away after saving the world.   

I heard a gravely voice yelling at me from a ways away after I walked home from his funeral.

"You are a dick!"

I then turn my head and I brag back to the voice who yelled at me and called me a dick.  "I sure am a dick.  And I used mines too on your mother.  She loves this dick".

All of a sudden, the ugliest creature I've ever encountered started yelling at me "You are a dick!!"

"Your semen producer's semen producer who made a brood with your incubator was a dick".

This strange creature was speaking English....  sort of..  Poorly translated English.   

"I have picture of you sucking dick".   It showed me a hologram of me kissing my grandfather when I was 3 years old.  

I asked the creature "Why are you obsessed with dicks"?

The creature presses a button on its clothing while I'm talking.

"I do not worship brood injecting sticks.  We have no fertility religions on my planet".   

He presses the button again.   "Your brood injector's brood injector is called 'Dick'".

It clicked with me.  they were talking about grandpa Dick.  

The alien then said "How come you have the same name as the great sex organ metalworker"

I then repeated "It is the tradition in my family.   I'm Richard X. Silversmith VI, my dad was Richard S. Silversmith V, my grandfather was Richard T. Silversmith.  Oh, by the way,there is something wrong with your translator.  Dick is a nickname for Richard.  It's also a slang name for a sexual organ, and it's very offensive.  Call me Richard instead."    

The Alien then asked "Are you with family about your big Dick grandfather"?

I had to resist a chuckle.  I then continued.

I then said "Before we have a conversation in the future, how about you edit your translator's machine learning.   You're making no sense.  Pick up on my speech patterns, let me correct them, THEN start asking me questions.  And the word you're looking for is 'familiar'  Yes, Grandpa saved the Earth."

"He reduced in price so much more" the alien's garbled translator said.   

"He saved so much more, you mean" I responded.

The alien then said "Copulate with it, I will simply shoot radiation into your head and play the video".    

Before I can put on a hat to deflect and attenuate the radiation, he beamed visions of what he was trying to communicate.  

The Soviets and the Americans were proxies for a much bigger war in the galaxy.   The Soviets had a megaweapon that was given to them by the alien creature's biggest nemesis, the (English phonetic equivalent) Puttthump.  (The way they pronounced their name sounded more like flatulence)  

America was allies with their biggest rivals.  They had no phonetic name, since they communicated with mostly pheromones and non-ionizing radiation.    But they were very scientifically advanced.  They landed their spacecraft east of Council Bluffs, Iowa.  So the humans as a joke, called them the Bluffingtons.  They adopted a phonetic way to communicate, which was Salvadorian Spanish, since they landed in a farm mostly worked by Salvadorian migrant workers.    But it worked, since many of the NASA crew spoke Spanish, even if a few words were lost in the translation.  

It explains why their English was so bad.  They translated from their language to Salvadorian Spanish, then from Salvadorian Spanish to Continental Spanish, Then from Continental Spanish to British English, then from British English to American English.   (More to come) 

