The man walked up to the pizza shop. The front looked like shit. When he reached for the handle he noticed, it didn't have one. Damn he thought. Did he dial a bad place? 

The door squealed open, load enough so you didn't need one of those door chimes. The place was covered in fur, shit this must be some sort of health code violation. There were even plastic toys lying around. Did someone keep their kids here? A shadowy figure in a trench coat and large hat covering their face rose up behind the counter.

"Where's the dough?" a gruffly whined the hatted man.

"I uhh, I didn't ask for any on my pizza" cracked the man, thinking a joke might help break the ice.

"Not funny little man. You got the money or not?" 

"Oh -OH! Of course I do. Is my pizza ready?"

"Trevor! Get the damn cheeze pizza with no crust over here!"

A faint scramble of taps, like someone tapdancing on the ceramic floor could be heard in the back. A yelp of sorts followed, and a skittering that grew louder. Suddenly a pizza box edged itself up and over onto the counter. 

"Here's your pizza. Where's the money?"

The man reached over to check the pizza but a gloved hand stopped him on the counter. "You gotta show your money before we let you see the goods."

"Oh sure n-no problem heh!" The man reached into his back pocket and pulled out his wallet. As he started to flip through the bills the hatted man reached out and snatched the wallet away. "Hey what are you doing?!" 

"Oh hoho, I thought something was off." The door behind the man clicked shut. You didn't come here just to order a cheese with no crust did you...you undercover Shiba!" In a flash the trenchcoat and hat flew off with a burst of fur. The first corgi splooted onto the shiba cop and wrestled away his concealed bonechucks. The other corgi tackled the shiba's hind legs and put him into a submission hold.

"You've got a lot of guts coming in here. I'm sure Tony the Fat Cat could always use another copper like you in The Pits. Trevor! Get over here and take lost doggie back to our pound."

"You'd best let me go corgis. I got backup coming you know!"

"Backup you say? Tickle me treats you naive lost pup. We had a deal with the Shiba commissioner and you won't be missed at all." Trevor dragged the yelping shiba into the back rooms where his barks grew increasingly muffled.

"You know what time is it Brad?"

"Nope, what time is it Travis?"

"Its time for corgi treats. PUT THAT PIZZA TREATS IN MY MOUFFFF"