The Glorious Armada has been tainted. A single javelin from a petty soldier was all it took to destroy the image that Gor'inth, Exalted Captain of the Glorious Armada, have been building.

The great families of Oren XIV saw such potential in Gor'inth. The Exalted Captain, blue in the face and red in the hair, who took top marks in Oren X's Academy of Forlorn Soldiers. He was a warrior, guiding his men through the sea of stars. The Glorious Armada, however, was just an arm over the military. The General, Aliviso, held the highest command. 

Gor'inth despised Alviso's position. Not from any personal vendetta. No. Gor'inth saw that war was an art and something to be admired. The red of his hair hung below his shoulders, braided and clipped with gold at the top and aquamarine at tips of the braids. Nose pointed, slender and kept to perfection. 

Though, Gor'inth would feel anger at his enemy, it was to rally his men. Truly, he kept this act for those who would follow him into unknown worlds. To be stoic was to incur small words and small thoughts within the crew. If even one was to doubt his machinations, that could spread to the rest of the Armada. No, the Exalted Captain had to wear many plans on his sleeves as to keep his men inspired.

The battle had been going smoothly until that single javelin broke the morale that had built over dozens of worlds. Not a single foe has been able to breach their shields. But the persistence of this single javelin, covered in some sort of black obsidian broke through their shields. It was happenstance, Gor'inth could only assume. This enemy would be destroyed eventually with the over whelming might he commanded.

But all data and damage is reported to the The General. And the general did not like blemishes. "Fuck it." The general muttered, as the Glorious Armada descended closer to the planet's surface to land ground forces. "Summon Cthulhu."

To Gor'inth, the entire campaign was about to wasted on a single person's pride. Gor'inth felt like he could adapt. He could change from being an impenetrable force to a conqueror with minimal losses. The image of greatness, the beauty of strategy, it can all be maintained. 

Not according to The General.

Cthulhu, a weapon of mass hysteria, would be released by one of the rear ships which took direct commands from Alviso. A gigantic mass struck down into the ground and released tendrils as far as the eye can see. The General commands the Glorious Armada to stand down and watch how modern war would be conducted.

Unsatisfied torture, is what the men would call it. From the infantry, to the cooks, to the highest ranking officers, all of them stood watching the world below them. Everything in the Glorious Armada had stopped cold, save the rear ship. The tendrils released smoked that enveloped the entire land, millions of soldiers were consumed by it

As quickly as the smoke had appeared, it was gone. And all the men on the ground began to murder each other. Screaming, stabbing, raking, clawing, eating. A red rivers began to form where the tendrils were most concentrated. Then they became lakes. People would pile on top of one another to kill their own kind.

For minutes, it was nothing but chaos. The Glorious Armada's men and women lost their composure. Tears, hysteria, cowering. To those under the Exalted Captain, this was not how war was conducted. There wasn't a sense of glory. Only chaos sewn by Aliviso.

Gor'inth turned away, just for a moment. 

The Exalted Captain looked forward, slamming his fist into the console in front of him and screams, "Turn the Armada. Destroy the ship that released C'thulhu and houses the loyal dogs of The General." And so it was done, men regained a purpose not moments later. There no reason to look on the ground cause there was nothing but a red planet left. 

"We will show the General, and his murderous bands of heathens, the glory of war." 

