"Hey Glinda! Stop eating that cow meat! You need to cook it first."
 Glinda rolled her eyes at Dahv-id. He claimed he could read, and was from a time far beyond ours. But Glinda knew he was just some crazy guy who didn't want her to eat.

"But I'm hungry!" Glinda shouted back. "Can one not partake in a meal during mealtimes?"

"Not that meal. Here, I made some soup. Put your meat in here and I'll make it taste better." At this suggestion, Glinda yielded. Dahv-id's food was good, even if his mind was missing.

"Dahv-id, where did you learn to cook like this?" Glinda inquired.

"In my time, my wife was the workhorse and I worked at home. That meant I had to do the cooking, and I guess I got really good at it."

"Your wife was working and you weren't? What kind of useless man are you?"

"In my time, men and women are equal. Sadly, you will never see it. You won't live long enough."

"Men and women being equal? Imagine that. You tell the greatest stories, Dahv-id." 

Somewhere, a wolf howled.

"Glinda, did you hear that wolf? That tells me that the sun has completely set. It's time for me to leave."

"Where to do you travel?"

"Home. Many miles and many years away."

"You are leaving? You know we enjoy having you here, even if you are a little crazy."

David chuckled. "I fixed my room of metal, as you call it. It will take me away."

Glinda sighed. "Well, every good thing must end sometimes."

David climbed into his time machine and went forward into the 22nd century.

Glinda finished her meal and was just about to leave, when David's time machine reappeared.

She cried for joy and ran to open the door. David staggered out and groaned. 

"While I was here, my wife figured I would cheat on her, so she took over the world. It looks like I'll be staying here for a while longer. Now, I just remembered. You have to throw away your families' lucky copper pot. It kills you too."

Glinda stopped smiling and simply said "Are you serious?"
***
Quick note: David left for medieval england on July 25th, 2182. He went back on August 21st, 2182, to account for the time he had aged while stuck in England. Not a plothole, I just couldn't think of a way to say it in the story.

