Hi, I just want to start out this is my first WP So I'm not sure if I did this right but I'd love any and all feedback.

Daily progress report #16: My name is Ned Pine It’s been sixteen days since I’ve gone undercover in the miniature prison city of Cobalt, information on the criminal I’ve been tasked to retrieve known in the hub as Lion aka Felix Cornwell is scares. 

If rumors are to be believed his base of operations in the west side of the Cobalt district but getting to that side of the city is difficult after he and his goons took control of the city a months prior to my arrival.

Contact has been lost with Special Agent Ellis as of four days ago after he told me he would be investigation something possibly important to the mission, I fear he is dead by this point. If it was up to me I’d say just hit the nuke button and incinerate these cretins, it had to be an inside job how else could these bunch of brain dead scum take over an entire hub city so easily. But I digress it’s not my place to pass judgment calls like that, being in this hellhole is starting to get to me I’m not even sure if anyone is even reading these reports anymore none of my requests for backup have been answered I’m starting to think I’ve been abandoned -I. …Forget it I need to retrieve the criminal If the tip I was given proves true he Is leaving his fort today to pick up an important package personally, daily report #16 finished.

Standing in the doorway of an abandoned liquor store stood a tall man who appeared to be in his mid-thirties with grim covered swarthy skin, ragged facial hair wearing a worn-down brown trench coat covering his whole body and a black beanie on his head. Looking up he tried to adjust his eyes to the artificial sun as he looked around his surroundings which were nothing but destroyed buildings and dead bodies stuffed into the alleyways.

Numb to the death and decay in the air he walked down the street for a few miles ignoring the people on the side of the road and in the alleys begging for help before stopping inside what appeared to be a rundown building which was turned into a makeshift bar.
Inside the building was dark with few windows to light the place while the smell of alcohol and urine filled the place accompanied by the sight of people clanking glasses together and laughing the man found himself a spot in the corner and sat alone looking down the entire time for roughly 10 minutes before someone else came and sat across from him.

“What can this humble one do for you today my oh so mysterious customer?”
 
Looking up what greeted Ned was a man wearing a mask which looked like a happy smiling Christmas elf while being covered in dirty tattered clothing, frowning he looked around to see if anyone seemed to be listening to them before opening his mouth to speak in a hushed voice.
 
“You know exactly what I want, I promise to get you out of here and into the parole system on the promise you help me take down Lion and restore some semblance of order to this shithole.”
After speaking Ned looked at his companion and waited for the freak in front of him to speak but to his displeasure he just sat there in silence without a way to know what he was thinking. After some time passed in silence the mad in front of Ned started speaking in an equal hushed voice.
  
“Hehe, look Mr. Special Agent I can’t promise you anything I’m an information broker not some trained assassin the only reason I got thrown in this place is because I picked the wrong side and when the tower of cards fell I, I fell with them. All I know is your people are meeting with him to deliver something big and when, I don’t know what you can do with that info but just finding that out lost me one of my most trusted men the rest is on you.”

Having hear what the masked man in front of him said Ned’s brows untensed and he looked down once more clearly in deep thought before he raised his head and stood up to leave.

“If everything goes according to plan today Lion will be removed from Cobalt city and order will be restored in the coming weeks, if you can hold out till then I guarantee I’ll personally come and escort you safely out of here.”
 
Having said his piece Ned left the bar and started heading towards the location where the drop-off was meant to be taking place between Lion and the organization he worked for. After sneaking around the area, he used a secret tunnel made for Agents like himself to maneuver around the city safely to arrive where the cargo planes used to transport new arrivals and supplies were each month.

 After waiting a while he saw a group of three rusted and run-down trucks filled with people sporting military grade pulse rifles pull up and surround the area followed by a pristine black Jeep with a shirtless middle-aged man in the back with lightly tanned sun kissed skin a head full of long flowing golden hair and a scar down the right side his face which looked to have been there for decades grinning like a man in control of everything. Still waiting in the same secure position as before Ned waited for an hour before he saw the cargo plane arrive off schedule and drop off a large cargo pallet with two large crates.

Rushing to open the crates Lion underlings started prying them open to reveal the contents of food and medical supplies in the left and the right which held the latest military grade body armor and weapons enough to supply a small army.

Realizing how deep the corruption went Ned knew his chances of capturing Lion would be impossible if he let him leave with the supplies he was just given, seeing he had no choice he decided to use the only option he had available, pulling out a small silver disc from his coat pocket Ned pressed in a switch on the disc which opened revealing what looked like a keyhole but just as he was about to take the key out and open it he heard something behind him but before he could turn around fully he was hit with something in the head and knocked unconscious.

Hearing faint voices near him Ned tried to open his eyes while the pain in his head tried it’s hardest to prevent him from doing so.

“Ugh, w…where am I? Fuck why does my head hurt so much”
 
Trying to stand Ned realized his arms were bound so he tried anything to steady himself. After finally leaning onto a nearby wall and pushing himself to his feet Ned opened his eyes enough to see his surroundings.

“Hello Mr. Special agent, I hope my men weren’t too rough with you I told them you were a very special guest and to be careful when bringing you here. But from what I hear you almost ruined my package by opening it and they had to be prompt.”

Shocked by the voice he was hearing Ned looked up to see a man in a clean white and black striped business suit wearing a happy elf mask playing with the silver disc he was told to use in case of emergencies with the same shirtless man from the Jeep standing to the right of him.

If he didn’t understand what was going on by now Ned would not deserved to keep calling himself a special agent anymore the only thing he couldn’t understand was why.

“You must be very confused, listen it’s quite simple, you and a few other agents were sent here to capture a prisoner called Lion at least that’s what you thought anyway. In actuality you were all sent here with a piece of a device which will allow me freely leave and enter this prison city as well as others so that I may conduct my business in a more efficient manner. No organization is free from corruption Mr. Pines especially not the military, but with all that said I think it’s time we bring this little game to an end, you’ve been very helpful to me Agent Pines I did so enjoy our little chats at the bar.”
 
Raising his right hand and snapping his finger the tall man to his side walked over and to Ned and picked him up by his neck before he snapped it and let him drop to the ground.
 
While Ned’s body was lifeless on the ground he suddenly felt the world around him shifting and before he could take his helmet off he was being reprimanded.

“Failure! Failure! Failure! I trained you better than that damnit, although you found the target within twenty days you got sloppy! You gave the information broker too much information on yourself! You allowed your fellow agent to go hunt for leads alone. And to top it off you recklessly charged into the enemies’ camp before figuring out anyway to stop them or protect yourself! Fail like this again rookie and I’m kicking you back boot camp!"