"Ummm... Hey, I swear to god, you've got the wrong guy here", I said, smoke still billowing off me as I looked out at the room I'd suddenly appeared in. I stood with my shirt half buttoned, a bottle of aftershave in my hand, in the middle of a dark, candlelit space. 

One minute I'd been getting ready for a night out, the next I was surrounded by muttering people in robes and standing on symbols that wouldn't have looked out of place in a map from Doom.

Some of the symbols were still a little wet. And sticky. I tried to turn around to see the rest of the room behind me and found that I couldn't move.

"Ahh, our wards bind you well, Outsider" said one of the robed figures, "And you are wrong. You are indeed the one we desired to bring here. You will grant unto us a boon, bound to servitude by the arcane rites in place here"

"Ehhh... What?", I said, completely nonplussed. "What kind of thing are you wanting me to do here? And the fuck do you mean "outsider"? I mean, I know I'm fae Scotland, but "outsider" just seems a wee bit rude to..."

"SILENCE!", the lead figure interjected. "You will do as we say, and then you will be banished. We have great need of your service. It was on this night that we summoned you specifically, hellspawn, for one reason only..."

I began to sweat a little- mostly because my mind ran through all the horrible things that these cultist-looking weirdos could need from me. But also because back home, wherever that was, my bus was due in ten minutes.

Bollocks.

The head honcho approached the edge of the symbols, and peered into my eyes from the darkness of his hood. 

"Demon", he rumbled, "we desire but one thing from you...".

He leaned in close to me, and said something that to this day has always made me question whether it really happened at all... 

"Is that Calvin Klein? We've got a party tonight and *really* need to be on our A-game"

And snatching the aftershave from my hand, he took a quick step back and waved his arms, and I appeared back in my room. I was confused, I was puzzled, and I was for some reason *very* hungry.

And I'd missed my bus.

Bollocks.