As the first step in my plan, I traveled to Spain. There I found a place in the court of Aragon. There I helped the royal family complete the Reconquista. I had solidified my position within the court just in time for to support expansion to the New World. While the country was swimming in gold, I accumulated my fortune. After that, I used my seed money to bankroll the East India Trading Company, further increasing my wealth and power. By the end of the 17thcentury, I relocated to Russia, where I employed my vast fortune to slowly, subtly build amass a network of spies, aristocrats, and soldiers loyal to me. Over decades I gain more and more influence, all the while planning my eventual coup. In the mid 18th century, I enact my carefully coordinated coup and successfully enact myself as Czar of Russia. After securing my own power, I get to work strengthening my military and planting spies in other countries, especially France and later Germany. I also focused on border security to prevent my precious plans from escaping to potential enemies. Finally, when Napoleon foolishly invaded, I crush him, but make a point not to pursue him out of Russia. I then spend the ensuing decades quietly preparing for my next war. In 1870, we swiftly defeat Japan in the Russo-Japanese war, which was nothing but a training exercise for me. Then, I spend the next 40 years building up my army and using spies in Germany and Britain to advance my weapons programs. I wait and wait. And wait. Until finally the powderkeg explodes and Europe is in a world war. Germany quickly commits to attacking France via Belgium, not expecting me to mobilize my troops for over a month. However, I secretly mobilized my eager for battle forces before war was even started. While the German military is trying to cross bridges in Belgium, I swiftly smash through their countryside and take Berlin. The Germans attempt a counter-attack, retreating from Belgium, but I use my massive cache of artillery to cut through their forces and outsmart Scheifan and the other generals clearly not ready for modern combat. After surrendering, Germany becomes a part of the new Russian Empire. As the unquestioned leader of how the most powerful nation in the world, I prepare the next step in my plan for world domination. However, as much power as Ali amassed and as much as I exploited my ability to change history, I did not predict the effects it would have. I did not predict the enemies I would create. All of the things I created. All of the lives I saved. One of those lives was a young German officer who was destined to die in World War 1. But my interference saved him. And set him on a new path. A path to assassinate his new Russian overlord. 