It wasn’t the two in front I was worried about. They were tall, sure, and strapping too, packing more than enough muscle underneath their plain robes to toss me across the street if they so chose. But their eyes betrayed them. They were followers, obedient to a fault. They were guard dogs, honed and trained, but they lacked the spark of inspiration which would make them truly dangerous.

For all those reasons, it was the man behind them which truly demanded my full attention.

“Out with it!” snarled the grunt on the left, who looked as if he had been born to inherit the name ‘Rockface’. “Which guild do you come from? This is Firetongue territory, and you’ve got pretty big stones to saunter in here like that!”

“Guild?” I asked. “I’m not with any guild. I just arrived in Crystaltop, just this morning, fresh off one of the merchant vessels. I’m an entertainer, that’s all, and you’re ruining my show. Now, as I was telling my audience before you two barged in, I just need them to focus on my hand right here. Focus! Yes, focus. Focus, and they will soon realize that they have missed the very thing which is hiding in plain sight-”

The thug on the right evidently had no appreciation for the effort I had put into rehearsal. He took careful aim with his foot, and gleefully sent my upturned mug flying with a vicious kick. I saw the precious few coins I had gathered scatter into the sky, spinning discs of bronze and copper. The audience collectively gulped and melted away, slinking away as quickly as spiders before the light. Only the small girl near the front row, the one who had most enthusiastically clapped during my earlier performance, stayed her ground. Her flaxen hair bristled as she planted her fists on her hips.

“Hey! Stop that! You’re spoiling the show! Don’t do that to the nice man!”

My heart brimmed at that – rare was the silver from an appreciative audience, but even that could not trump the ardor from a genuine fan. Rockface’s brow knitted as he contemplated how to deal with the insolent girl, but the mental challenge evidently overwhelmed him in due course, and he settled for swatting at her with the back of his hand. That was more than enough though, and the girl flew a short distance in the air before crumpling in a heap by the side.

The crowd tittered then, as whispers of ‘where is the City Watch’ and ‘these bastards’ and other unhelpful chatter threaded their way to my ears. Rockface and Pugnose (that was his most redeeming feature, honestly) glared at the audience, and their hands began to stray to the brutish cudgels by their sides. The velvet bag in my hands dropped to the floor, and I saw one of the rabbits I had concealed inside it bound away in search of a better life.

“Stop, that is enough. Don’t you fools remember that the Truce is in effect?”

The man at the back stepped forward, the robes around his face fluttering just enough for me to confirm his identity. I would have happily called him Fishlips, but for the fact that I actually knew his name. He raised his right hand, wrenched into a threatening fist, the golden rings on his fingers flashing in the sun, and that was when the magic began to pour out of him. 

Years ago, I was near a fireplace when someone threw in a whole bundle of kindling. I hadn’t the sense then to move away in time, and I was on the receiving end of a blast of sparks, fire and ash as the kindling combusted and flamed to life. Those around me had laughed, and they had told me, as they helped me to my feet, that I would never forget such a backblast for the rest of my life.

This was like the backblast.

Only about a dozen times worse.

The crowd around me groaned and sank to their knees, their hands flying to their temples. Fishlips (I couldn’t help myself, they were so purple and bulbous) lowered his hand, and sweet respite came. “Let everyone here be witness, this interloper was the first to cast his magic on Firetongue land,” Fishlips said. “By his actions, he has shown that he is challenging the Guild of the Firetongues for control of this territory. The city is balanced on the edge of a knife, and every Guild has taken every precaution not to light this firekeg, and yet this fool has ambled right up to us to flaunt his magic!”

“Wait, wait,” I said, my palms held up before my chest. “Wait, I’ve got something to say-”

“Silence!” Fishlips thundered. “You have sullied our hospitality enough! Everyone here has seen you work your magic, and yet I have not detected one whit of the spells you have employed! Tell me, if that is not proof of your training, then it is surely proof of your foolishness!”

He was entirely wrong, of course, but I expected very little of Fishlips to begin with.

I had known him for many years, after all. He had always been a bully, even from the time that we were running the streets, scampering from barrel to barrel in search of scraps. He had distinguished himself early on with a peculiarly refined streak of arrogance and cruelty, which when combined made him particularly memorable. It was not really surprising that in the time I had spent away from the city that he would ingratiate himself with the Firetongues – this was a Guild known as much for their loutishness as they were for their brazen, haphazard magic. 

It was almost a pity that I would not be able to indulge myself in Fishlip’s impending bout of regret.

“By the powers vested in me, I declare you enemy of the Firetongues!” Fishlips cried. “There are three of us and only one of you! Yield, and I will make this quick! On your knees, dog!”

“Wait, please,” I said. “If you would only hear me out, I just have to tell you that-” 

“I do not entertain cries for mercy! Down! Down now!”

“As I said, I only wanted to tell you one thing,” I said, as I scrambled within my tunic. I felt the stem of the flower within, and I whipped it out triumphantly – its brief seclusion within my clothes had dampened its petals somewhat, but the Waterleaf was still sufficiently fresh for a tiny stream of water to spray in an arc through the air. 

I smiled.

“Yes, focus!” I said. “Focus, and you will soon realize that you have missed the very thing which is hiding in plain sight-”

There was no time for Rockface, Pugnose or Fishlips to react. The girl shot from a crouching position a few feet away, moving so fast that she was like a silver-tipped arrow finally let loose. She twisted as she arced, taking down Rockface with a swipe of her right foot, and folding Pugnose in half with a slash from her left hand. On her own, she wouldn’t have had enough mass to cause any real damage, fast as she may have been.

She owed it all to the rippling water-blades attached to her limbs, each longer than a carving knife. The Waterleaf in my hands was not done expelling all the water it had stored up, and the stream of liquid flowed through the air like oil, bubbling and hissing as they floated to align themselves obediently to the tune of the girl’s magic. I admired her spellwork – she was young, but she was already skilled at compressing what would otherwise have been limp moisture into a razor-sharp edge. Her blades would have little trouble cutting right through tree bark, much less the flimsy robes the miscreants had dressed themselves in. Firetongues were not well-known for their defensive magic after all.

Fishlips was a bit faster on the uptake. He leapt backwards, fear spreading slowly through his features, as he raised his rings up before him. He began to incant, but it was almost amusing to see how slow he was compared to the girl. He was a flower, blooming under the gentle caress of the sun – she was a cat, roused from sleep with a bucket of iced-water. The girl snarled as she brought her hands together, a giant pair of scissors designed to snap.

“Don’t kill him!” I managed to shout. “Don’t kill him just yet! I want him around for when we finally-”

I heard the bone crack as Fishlip’s bejeweled hand tumbled to the floor. He began screaming then, and the crowd dispersed faster than virgins before a lecher. The girl stooped to pick up the severed limb, then turned and flashed me a thumbs-up. 

“Told you I would be fine,” she said with a grin. “Watersnakes hold their own.”

The bells began to toll then, bulging tones that rattled my bones. I heard the clopping of horses in the distance, and the air began to sizzle. 

In seconds, the City Watch would arrive, ready to reinforce by all means necessary the unforgiving terms of the Truce.

But seconds were all we needed.

“Let’s go,” I said as I rushed to pull her by her wrist. 

“What about your props? All the stuff that you-” 

“Leave them,” I laughed. “You won’t believe how much I’ve budgeted just to bring this damned city down.”

--- 

/r/rarelyfunny 
