The dark night held a pregnant silence as trains were silent, roads were empty and stores were closed. There was something jarring about seeing the bustle of a city stood still.

It had been twelve days now since the attack of the supervillain that had caused New York to stop. A bustling city brought to a standstill as whole city blocks became encompassed in a single emotion that changed everything.

The first attack came  on the edge of Central Park. An ordinary autumn day with the sizzle of hot dogs and the prosaic mass of the commute not an indicator of what was to come.

It started first mildly, a familiar and somewhat uncomfortable feeling of pleasure that caused a break in stride, a pause in conversation and an unfocussed eye. And the the first wave hit, all encompassing pleasure, earth shattering enough to bring thousands to their knees in slack jawed ecstasy.

The public masturbator had struck.

There on West 110th street he stood, wearing nothing but old Doc Martins, a tan raincoat and scrunched up newspaper still stuck to where he last attempted to wipe himself. His dirty bearded face making strong eye contact with his victims as he made passionate angry love to himself.

It's impact on those around him was devastating. The feelings of pure pleasure and self loathing radiating from him in waves greater than any love, more addictive than any drug and unforgettable. People were instantly hooked.

With a grunt a hot stream of semen was directed in to the road and with a final undulant cry of success the Public Masturbator lurched off in to the crowds leaving nothing but a swirl of brightly coloured flyers.

Those effected slowly came back to their senses, lives changed forever seeking only to feel this way once again. A hollow eyed group of junkies searching around for some meaning. The flyers quickly made that meaning clear - a demand that all their earthly possessions must be sold and the money given to charity. Only then would they see nirvana again.

Since that faithful first day there had been many attacks. A bus near Grand Central with nothing but a stack of flyers and encrusted semen drying on a victims face to show who the attacker was. A cinema whose participants found pleasure in a movie that could not be described. A city enslaved.

Who could stop this dasterdly onanist? The cities leaders could turn to one person for help.