"Okay, now roll for initiative. 14 up."


"15!" Zhu yellled.


"Okay, you pass through the third level of hell to join your friends.  Now, this stage, you guys can regroup. I've put a chest on the far left hand side where a beezelbub portrait hangs an-"


Zhu yelled out, "Screw that, last time you did that you melted my armor and made my character go without shoulderpads."


"and, on the other side you see a small horde of skeletons-"


"What constitutes as small? We had to spend last weekend rolling dices to get through half of them before we found a skeleton necromancer!"  John cried out.  The rest of them were laughing, including Lucifer.


Terry pipped up, pushing his glasses forwards. "Luci, how long do you have again? I want to make sure we have time to enchant my sword."  


"I have about three minutes.  Let's do the enchanting, I'm sure everyone has written it down what they want to imbue into their weapons. The next stage, all opponents are likely to be armored, fire-resistant, magic resistant and have a 50% debuff on critical strikes and physical damage."  


The group groans as their erasers hit paper.  As they were discussing, Lucifer yelled out, "See you losers next weekened!"


As his seat melted into a strange mess, the group began yelling for mother. A older woman emerged with milk and cookies, laying down a tray while trying to beat the 354th level of Candy Crush. "Yeah, shame Lucy had to leave early, make sure she gets home safe..."


"Okay, guys, we need armor piercing," Terry began.


"No way! Luci is has this down to a science. I bet you it'll be something like flying beasts with ranges, area of effect spells." Henry exclaimed.


Zhu shook her head. "If you guys let me go first, *like the elven ranger is supposed to do*, I might be able to find out. I have more items equipped on me to detect any magic resistance, physical resistance, boss locations..." Zhu listed various things as the others argued.

----

Amid the heat, Lucifer returned to his regular duties. A buzzing sound erupted near him. Beezelbub came out, crocheting a small version of himself. "So, how was the visit?"


"Well, my nephew hasn't chosen a complete angel." Lucifer sighed. "She is nice, but I think he could have chosen better."


Beezlebub replied with a strange hiss. "Well at the very least, their son is a level 45 Paladin with anti-ghoul armor and critical strikes plus 11%. Hits on 4s."


Beezlebub hissed again and floated away.  