Don't ask me how, because I have NO idea.  This...thing just *poof*!  Out of thin air!  Now, my apartment smells like sulfur and ash, and this...jeez...I don't even know what to call it!  Well, if I had to make an educated guess, I'd call it a...demon.  Yep.  Horns, forked tail, reddish complexion, crawling around my entire apartment, WRECKING THE PLACE!

I'm rambling.  Let me start from the beginning.

My girlfriend says that I'm useless in the kitchen, except for grabbing the collection of take-out menus in the junk drawer.  Finally, I had enough of her teasing and snide remarks.  I decided to bake a cake.  From scratch, no less.  How hard could it be?  Some flour, a few eggs, cocoa powder, sugar.  Pop it in the oven for a little while.  Spread some frosting on it.  Done.  Easy as pie.  Should have baked a pie, because it looks like cakes are anything but easy.

Anyway, I spent the morning going and gathering my ingredients.  I even went out of my way to go to the fancier stores.  Artisan this and fair-trade that.  I was either going to make an amazing cake and show my girlfriend that I could hold my own in the kitchen, or lose a small fortune on a big, chocolate hockey puck.  I went home after my shopping trip and got right to work.  My girlfriend wasn't home, so this was going to be a big surprise for her!

The recipe read easily enough, save for a few funny symbols up at the top of the old index card.  Mixed it all up and poured the batter in the pan.  I was feeling pretty good about myself by now.  Hell, it smelled great!  The oven timer beeped for me 25 minutes later, and I put the two cakes out to cool.  I made my icing, also from that same index card.  Chocolate on chocolate.  What woman isn't going to love that?!

After an hour, it was time to decorate!  My girlfriend is sort of an astronomy buff, so I decided to decorate the top of the cake with stars.  Perfect!  I had Pandora going in the background, playing 90's rock.  I was thrilled to hear Kid Rock's "Bawitdaba" come up next!  I always loved that song, but I always get the lyrics wrong.  

It plays, I sing, I decorate.  Everything is going swimmingly.  But as soon as I put the last touch on the last star, all hell, literally and figuratively, broke loose.  The cake burst open and out came this demon!

So I ran out of the kitchen and decided to call the person who gave me the recipe; my Grandma.

"Hello?"

"Grandma?  It's me, Danny."

"Oh, Hi Danny!  How are things in ..."

"Grandma, now's not the time.  You know that recipe you gave me for the cake?  Is there anything...different about that recipe?"

"Why, no, dear.  It's a standard Devil's Food cake.  But, if you don't mind me asking, what happened?"

"I don't know, Grandma!  I was singing and putting stars on the cake, and..."

Her voice got serious. "Singing?  Stars?  Were those stars pentagrams?"

"I guess so, Grandma.  Stars have five points, right?"

"And when you were singing, did you say anything like 'Bwadda bin dij'tan bowg'ee?"

"W...What?"

"Oh, my dear boy, you've really gotten yourself in a pickle now.  Haven't you?  He's coming now, thanks to you."  Her voice became cheerful once more.  "I have to go, dearie.  I need to make preparations!"

I hung up the phone, confused.  The demon in the kitchen continued to ransack every square inch there was.  

No matter what happens now, I'm NEVER going to cook again!
 
