War. War never changes. 

I have no idea where I heard that quote, but I suppose it’s true enough. Ever since we began forming tribes, it seems that we have fought each other. My people, the northerners, had fought their brothers, their neighbours, and everyone else who’s shores they landed on. 

There have been many technological advancements since those times; no longer to we sail on a longship, accompanied by great winged creatures and monsters of the ocean, ready to devour us the second we show weakness. No longer do we sneak up on the massive Latios, mounting it and eventually controlling it; now we fly alongside it in our own metal birds. Instead of riding the backs of the great fire-steeds, we ride beside them in armoured cars, loaded with guns bigger than most people. 

Because, why use a Charizard that could potentially turn around and kill you when you could hold the fire in your own hand? It’s simple; the monsters are almost impossible to kill. Swords barely work; guns only anger them. They can be knocked out, of course, that was how the Trainers would battle. But the work you needed to kill one was incredible. I couldn’t tell you how the restaurants do it, in a way that allows their monsters to be edible. 

«Alemanni Company, form up at the garage. Ten minutes,» the command came over the radio, from a female voice with a northern accent. My twin sister, who had just finished Officer Training. It seemed to have gone to her head, as when we arrived she was in full regalia; a cap on her head, a black trench coat open to reveal a full dress uniform, an officer’s sword, and an eyepatch. She was blind in that eye, but I had never seen her wear one before. I had half a mind to do a certain salute and say a certain phrase, but the serious look on her face told me all I need to know. 

In the briefing, it was explained that the terrorist cell known as ‘Team Rocket’ had destroyed a shipment of Pokémon, and captured all of them. They had holed up in a nearby village, and now that the civilians were evacuated, it was up to us to get the monsters back. 

Of course we’ll get it done. War never changes. 

___

«If I trip on another fucking rock… these terrorists… are dead!» came the voice from our designated marksman, gasping for air. The sandstorm was unexpected, but when your base is in the middle of nowhere in the middle of the east, what can you do? Eventually, we got to the edge of the town. I checked my belts, which carried Pokéballs and tools for controlling them instead of grenades or ammunition. My pistol wasn’t even an actual pistol; it was a laser designator. If I needed ammunition for my rifle, I would have to rely on my team. 

As the sandstorm cleared up, we found that we had all surrounded the target house by accident. Section Three was preparing to breach, but they were knocked back by the sudden appearance of an Arceus.  
“Holy shit!” They opened fire on the massive beast, but I summoned my own; Giratina, in Origin Forme. This one had not been provided by the military. I found the demigod on my own, and had trained it myself. The wyrm-creature rose above the misshapen deer and roared, bearing down on it with the force of the sun. The Arceus was trapped under the wyrm, and as the giants fought we stormed into the house, shouting in our language. About six of the terrorists were there, surrendering. My sister appeared, smirking. She stepped close, and one seemed to get nerve as he moved to attack. I had no idea what he was about to do, for my sister struck quicker than he could prepare. The terrorist’s chest opened from the bottom right to the top left, and her sword was raised in the air, dripping with blood.  
“What should we do with them, si— er, ma’am?” I asked, and she turned to Giratina, who had defeated Arceus. The defeated one returned to his prison.  
“Feed them to it,” she said with a wolffish grin, and walked off. 

The Titan was quick to devour the humans, and I was quicker to put it back in it’s cage. Though it was not the worst thing that my little monster had done, it was still awful. But, with no Switzerland, there were no Geneva conventions. Besides, it’s not a war if it’s not against an army. 

___

*my only knowledge of Pokémon comes from the like four cards I used to have and the Pokémon spirits in Smash Bros so this is probably nowhere near correct*