I sat in the smaller office as the rest of command looked at the solar scans. I couldn't see outwards but I just knew that everyone else was just as worried as I was. 5 Generals were praying that this will work.

An entire navy had been flown in and was now encompassing the orbits of Mars to Pluto. It was a damn *mistake* letting that Reality TV moron know about what truly happened in Area 51, and now the biggest military faction in space was ready to set the world on fire!

And *this* was meant to save them? A *telephone number*?!

'What is it?' the distorted voice asked. 'Hello?'

'Hi,' I said. 'I was told to... call you in case of a Level 0?'

'Oh, please don't tell me they made *another* private make the call,' the voice said in severe annoyance. 'Your name, rank, base commanders and situation. In that order or I'm hanging up. Honestly, trying to force the price on someone who didn't know...'

'Joshua Shepard, Private, General Brad Armstrong and the president talked to the turians,' I said.

'How big is the assault force?' he asked.

'From Mars to Pluto,' I answered.

'Yeah, I can handle that,' he said calmly. 'Just a few choice words is necessary to talk down the primarch and to get that fool to apologize. And Shepard?'

'Yes?' I asked.

'After this, I wouldn't mind having a few beers with you,' he said, 'but unless it's absolutely necessary to prevent this hunk of rock being completely destroyed... never call this number again.'

I was confused, to be honest. I was just out of boot camp and assigned here when the shit went down. But for now I just decided to put the receiver down and report back to my superiors.

When I opened the soundproofed door, the sounds of terrified screams filled the air. I immediately convulsed in horror, almost throwing up, as I saw the corpses of the generals torn apart, but still in one piece, stretched as far and wide as possible across the command room. Everyone was trying to rush out of the room

On the (blood-smeared) screen, the radar of the ships began to push outwards, retreating from the galaxy in droves. Reports were coming in that the president and most of his cabinet were also found dead, slain in a similar manner.

But the thing that really caught my attention? It was the skull of General Armstrong, recognizable from the three golden teeth and the small plate on the skull. There was a wooden board hanging from the mouth, held closed by the final remains of musculature attached to the jaw. And what did it read?

"30 wicked souls for an innocent, ignorant sacrifice. If you wish to bargain with Asmodeus, King of Demons, make the call yourselves.'