"Flamingos" I whisper

"What?" responds Jason

"A house like this definitely has some weird exotic pets, I bet they have some flamingos" I say

"Jason has a pretty nice burglars outfit' I think to myself as we are walking across the lawn to one of the side windows

"Flamingos eh, yeah, or maybe they have some of those tiny giraffes you see on tv" says Jason

It is midnight in the middle of July.  My baby sister's tricycle is leaned against the front gate of the estates wall.  It's not exactly a "Get-away-mobile' but both Jason and I really like cruising around on it. Besides, we aren't much for high-speed pursuits. We are trying to be silky, like a cat burglar. 

"Oh yeah, I am a big fan of those tiny giraffes. Jason, if they only have one tiny giraffe, would you be salty if I laid claim to him?" I said

"Mmmmmm, yeah I suppose that is fine." responded Jason

I smiled at the idea of acquiring a pet mini-giraffe. We are halfway between the house and the fence, strolling across the lawn, enjoying the summer air.  

"Man, this is a great lawn. The lawns keeper has really out done himself. I hope his card is laying about somewhere inside. I am dying to pick his mind" said Jason

"Yeah, you are spot on, he did a really solid job. You know, I wish we had some of those shoes with the spikes on the bottom. " I said

Jason nods his head and does one of those eyebrow raises that I have learned means, 'I ain't no wamby pamby like yourself, but if I was then I reckon I would like that idea'. Jason acts tough a lot, but I know he secretly loves the idea of doing some laps around this nicely aerated lawn with spiked shoes adorning our feet

We walk up to the base of the window and I throw our burglars sack onto the ground and pull some of Jason's choice burgaler-ing tools out. I hand the tools to Jason who does some quick finger magic on the window and sooner than you can say 'Saitama is my hero' we have opened the window.

"Please, I insist" I say, gesturing towards the window. 

Jason brushes his burglars gloves, places his mask down and hops through the window with a reasonable levels of sneakiness. 

I reach down and scoop up the burglars bag. Suddenly the hairs on my neck rise up on end. My face turns red and I feel my heartbeat race. A whooshing sound cuts through the wind and a heavy steel curtain slams down over the window with a cracking slam. Successive slams echo around the grounds as steel curtains seal the remaining windows and doors shut. 

Adrenaline surges through my body. I whisper urgently. I know something isnt right, something is really wrong about this situation. I feel like Jason's life just fell into the palm of a very dangerous evil. 

"Jason what is going on, are you okay?"

I hear a thump and a scream from just inside the window. All the lights on the interior of the house have turned on.  A speaker echoes through the house, "Player 2 has entered the game" 