*Blood dripped from the demons fangs. A shade of red only slightly brighter than his regal livery. His victim lay hot and lifeless below him, strands of entrails hung like spiderwebs between his gutted torso and the monsters claws. The horns on the back of his head tilted backward as he let out a monstrous howl.*

That's me. I'll bet you're wondering how I got here? Well it all started one day at the froyo shop. I was assistant manager and making my way in the world. Handsome in a gangly sort of way. And one of the most beloved members of my weekly gaming group, when she came in. 

At first I didn't even notice her, she seemed to move like smoke. I was cleaning up and getting ready to close the shop when she appeared at the register. 

Plain vanilla with a single cherry on top. 

"Oh, hello." I say, trying to hide my surprise.

She looked at me with the deepest eyes I've ever seen. It was like looking at the reflection of the moon in the ocean. 

She smiled.

"So... that'll be four seventy." And I don't remember whether she payed or not. I also don't remember asking for her phone number, despite having a pretty sweet life I'm not the most confident person. What I do remember was sitting with her at dinner that very night.

Candles reflected in her cherry lips and her teeth shown like ghosts as she told me about herself, I think. I don't remember what she said exactly but I know everything about her and knew there was no other woman in the world. 

I couldn't stop thinking about her. Cleaning the froyo dispenser I would see her reflections in the aluminum. Playing dungeons and dragons I would think about her as my party was conquering evil.

The next night I was digging up a corpse in the graveyard and then standing in the center of a pentagram made out of candles while her father chanted incantations. You know, meeting the parents can always be a little intimidating.

Next thing I knew I was in Syria, swallowing a potion lying on top of an altar as a dagger entered my heart. It was at this point I knew our relationship was getting serious. 

And now here I am. They call me Grognar the Destroyer now, or sometimes just the beast. Life has changed, I spend my days torturing the souls of the damned mostly, but I still try and drop in on my game group when I can spare the time. 