Have you ever felt your organs squeeze between muscle to brush against the thin skin over your abdomen as they are being shredded by shards of razor sharp iron? It's uncomfortable to say the least. Certainly not my favorite interrogation, but at least it was creative. Never had a magnet used on me like that before--although there was that time I decided I should get a particularly vulnerable area pierced. Beats dying strapped to a table with a wet rag draped across your face. Made it to 7 this time, these guys are really getting fast, or I'm getting sloppy. I'm just so damn tired. 

So here I am, this time I am a boy. Bright orange hair. I prefer blond. I find blonde haired children are more charming. For whatever reason, people trust the cute little Macaulay Culkins and Dakota Fannings of the world. It is what it is and trust me when I say that it could be worse. Years ago I woke up in a hospital a little girl with leukemia, didn't get anything done that year (though I have to admit, it was nice to take some time off). Found out my name is Ralph, that was kind of a shitty moment. My dad's name was Ralph--the first one--and before you get to thinking I miss the guy, think again. He was a total prick, but when you've been alive as long as I have you learn a sad truth of this world, more often than not, children are abused.

This family seems nice though, it's going to eat them alive when I leave. It seems worse when they never find the body. My many faces have been plastered on a lot of milk cartons and newspapers in the past, but I do my best not to think about it anymore. I am so close to finishing this, I cannot allow the past to distract me or it will all be for nothing. But you know that already, don't you Jonathan? Jonathan Edward Cullen. You never thought you'd hear from me directly did you? Probably thought that the truths extracted from all of those men, women, and children were lies, bullshit spewed from the mouths of broken people determined to ruin you. I never once lied to you. Each and every time your men cut my tounge from my mouth, severed my fingers and toes, electricuted me, mamed and violated me, every single time they executed me, I told you I would find you. 

15 lives. 15 people you murdered to hide yourself from me, but today Jonathan, is the day all of that ends. Today I woke up Ralph Edward Cullen, son of the monster himself, the five-year-old apple of his father's eye. And what do you think is the first thing I see? My favorite executioner, old Ronnie Dreyer himself. Only this time, he isn't trying to murder me. He isn't yanking teeth or breaking bones. No, this time he wants to play catch. He is drinking beer with dad. This time, my endless reaper is my god father. Loyal right hand man to the only person I've ever wanted to get my hands on. 

And here I thought I was never going to catch a break, that we would play this cat and mouse game until the day you die a happy old man. Not this time. I found you and now it is my turn to escape the hell of repeated torture and death. I've posted this everywhere I could, news about the 5 year old boy who killed his own father will undoubtedly spread to every major new station in the states, hopefully if you end up overseas you might still get a chance to read it if you Google your old name. By then, I will be far away from you enjoying my turn in the seat of power. Finally, after 47 long years, I win our little game. This time, I get to grow old. Tag you're it.