"Quiet down anger, we don't need to make a scene." Patience says soothingly, laying a hand on Anger but not taking his eyes off the screen.

"You expect me to stay quiet when whores like that can walk the earth?" Anger erupted, pointing at the scantily clad girl sitting acrossed from them in the subway.

"She can't be any older than 16, you know the rules." Pride scolded, though he felt the same anger, who does she think she is to be in their presence dressed like that? But he knows that without him, they probably would've been responsible for the next Columbine. 

In the back of the room sat Sexual Repression, he never spoke to the others, he always preferred to be in the background and scratch at the walls, but even he noticed how much the young girl resembled The Judge's mother...

"You know how they are, prostitute goes missing and no one bats an eye, a child on the other hand... we've got a nationwide man hunt on our hands.

"But..."

"Hush, Disgust, give her a few years, then we shall pass Judgement."

"She's asking for it."

"I know."

Patience glanced back at Joy, who was staring absent mindly at the wall. She only ever communicated after Judgement had been passed, while the deed was being done. Otherwise she sat back in the shadows, thinking back to their last victim and touching herself lightly, Sexual Repression glaring from a distance.

The girl in front of them stood and straightened her shirt,exposing even more of her cleavage, which made Disgust howl with rage, and she boarded her train. The Judge watched her sit down as the sliding doors closed and the train sped off.

Anger and Disgust began to calm once the cunt had left their presence, but Patience stayed at the helm. 

The 9:00 train finally arrived at the station and The Judge stood from the bench, brushing a piece of lint off of his pristine suit. He picked up his briefcase and entered the car, sitting in one of the disgustingly dirty seats. Normally he would just drive to work, but his car was currently getting some nasty dents in the hood fixed. Patience had lost control to Anger only for a moment when they spotted a working girl standing at the corner, but the men at the shop never even questioned him when he said a rogue deer ran out in front of his car. Seated directly in front of him was a woman in her mid twenties, with short brown hair and a revealing dress. To the untrained eye she would have seemed like a normal woman, but they all knew. The sloppy make up, the high heels, the track marks and the large wad of money barely sticking out of the top of her purse... she was a whore alright.

Patience fought off Anger and Disgust as they reached for the helm, the urge to plunge a knife in her eye and skull fuck her right here becoming too strong. Pride joined in the struggle as Joy burst out in laughter, getting off on the very thought of what was to come. The Judge only smiled, adjusting his tie and reaching into his wallet, pulling out one of his pristine business cards. He whistled quietly and the woman looked up. He stretched across the aisle and handed it to her, which she took with confusion. 

"A senator, huh? I know your type, a real man of the people."

"Oh, you have no idea." The Judge smiled, revealing his perfect white teeth.

The woman turned the card over and written in near perfect handwriting was a hotel room number.

"Meet me there, at 10:00 tonight sweetheart..." Responsibility whispered into the microphone, the others standing back with glee "...I'll show you a good time."