I can't see his face, but I know he's looking down on me. His features are hidden in the shadows. My eyes open and adjust to the light, but it's still not enough to get a good look at my captor.

The only light in the room is a pull string light bulb with a shade over it that directs the light down on me and offers little light to the rest of the room. He's sitting quietly halfway out of the light in his seat, a barstool. 

Asshole probably has some form of OCD. The environment is a bit dirty, but everything in it looks neat and precise. Everything placed carefully along the walls. The boxes stacked in the corner and along the walls have their corners lined up neatly, and the shelves have jars on them that are spaced evenly apart. 

The only part of him I can see clearly is his legs. The corner of his pant leg is well pressed and neat and his shoes are brown shined leather.

I can see the shadows of tools along the wall to my right. Looks like an axe, a pair of hedge clippers, a rake, a hacksaw, and a shovel. I like the look of the hedge clippers, I'm thinking I'll use those.

The chair I'm sitting on looks like something taken from a cheap kitchen table set. Low, with four wooden legs and made of cheap stained hardwood. My wrists are bound behind my back with what feels like zip ties. Three of em. I tighten them up with my fingers as I pretend to slowly rouse from being out. Makes 'em easier to snap off when the time comes. I start working at them using my palms as leverage.

My head hurts, he took me from behind. Belted me across the skull  with something before dragging me to this place. His lair smells musky, the air is damp and smells of earth and old blood. There is a wooden stairwell I can barely make out in the shadows along one wall. That's probably how I'll leave when I'm done with him.

It's a basement, the floor is concrete and dirty and I can see a furnace and water heater nearby in one corner. I notice a roach cross my boot as I look down at it. There's a moth beating its wings around the bulb creating a fluttering shadow that doesn't do my headache any good.

I hope this fruitcake has some aspirin or something in the medicine cabinet. A sandwich wouldn't be too bad either, I'll have to raid the fridge before I leave. Been a while since I had a decent meal, must be my lucky day.

He sits in the corner with one leg crossed over the other. His hands clasped together over one knee. His nails are neat and clean, carefully manicured with a shine to them. He kicks his foot up and down as if impatient.

It stops kicking as he seems to notice me looking around. "Where am I?" I ask him as I realize I have his attention.

"Oh! You're finally awake. That's good. I prefer an audience while I work." His tone is light and he seems cheerful and he uncrosses his legs and leans forward a bit. Not quite enough to get his head out of the shadows. There's no lisp like I was expecting given how he had his legs crossed. His voice is soft and calm, as if he was greeting a house guest he had invited over for dinner.

"You wanna tell me what this is about? Who hired you?" He seems like the talkative type. Might be able to find out who sourced him before I shove the hedge clippers down his throat and bury that axe in his chest.

He pauses and cocks his head a bit. "Hired me? I'm afraid you don't quite understand. No one hired me."

"That so? Why am I tied up in your basement then?" I prod a bit, unsure of what I'm dealing with exactly.

"Think of it as something of an art project." He stands up and walks over to a small metal stand. I still can't make out his features, but I can see what he's fiddling around with. Looks like knives, a butcher knife, a meat cleaver, a bone saw, maybe a scalpel. I'm starting to reconsider those hedge clippers. He holds up a scalpel and waves it around like a conductor's baton. "My raison d'être."

"Reason for being?" I can feel the zip ties starting to give as a strain my arms. I could snap them in an instant if need be, but I'm trying to break them carefully, without giving away that my hands are free. I want to draw him in before I act, get him close so it's easier to take control.

"Yes. I'm the Hartsville Slasher." He steps forward into the light looking like he's thinking I'll be impressed. 

I'm not. He's in his mid thirties with a receding hair line, has a pair of black rimmed glasses and a white button up shirt. His arms are spread and he's grinning like an idiot. He looks like he couldn't grow a beard if he wanted to and has a thin mustache that barely qualifies as facial hair. "Don't bother screaming, there's no one here but the two of us for miles." He bows and gives me a small wink. Quite the showman in his own mind it seems.

"Who?" I'm having a hard time not smiling, but manage to keep it down. This just keeps getting better.

I can see that digs at him as his face falters a little. His arms drop and he turns his head as he narrows his eyes at me a little. "Well, I suppose some destitute drifter wouldn't keep up with the news. I'm a very big deal you know. Twelve victims so far."

"Twelve, huh?" I make an effort to sound unimpressed. 

It annoys him and he grips the scalpel in a white knuckled fist for a moment before relaxing his grip a little. "It isn't wise to upset me. You already won't be leaving here alive I'm afraid. How cordial you are will determine how gentle I am about ending you." He strolls forward and puffs out his chest as he glares down at me, just barely far enough away to still be out of reach. "Your comments so far are already going to cost you a bit of discomfort. I suggest you curb your tongue, and I might just let you keep it." He twists his torso and puts his hand under his chin as if to think about it. "I'm not sure about that actually. I haven't quite decided what will look best on this canvas I've obtained."

"Fair enough." I reply as I relax my arms as the zip ties break. The hardest part is not letting my arms jerk and give away that I've broken my bonds. That takes more muscle control than you might think.

My reply seems to satisfy him. "No begging or pleading? Trying to bargain for your life? Perhaps you haven't fully realized your position yet?" He sighs as his lips turn down in the corners a little as he looks down at me like someone who just realized they have to clean up after their dog. "I'm sure we'll get to that."

"I'm gonna use that scalpel to rip off your fingernails and gouge out your eyes." I look him dead in the eyes as I say it. I'm trying to challenge him to get him closer. I want him to lean in and threaten me and put his throat within reach.

He smiles back. "Oh. I see. One of those types." He chuckles as he waves the scalpel in a circle in front of him and rolls his eyes. "Big tough guy trying to scare me into letting them go. You are the second one of those to sit in that chair." He takes a deep sigh and raises his hands before letting them fall to his sides. "He cried and begged, just like all the others."

"I'll be the last person you stick in this chair," I reply. He's still not close enough to get me to show my hand, but is hovering close enough that it's tempting. Experience has taught me patience, but the temptation to rush things is still there, even after all this time.

"What makes you think that, Mr...?" He leans forward and puts his nose in my face. I can feel his hot breath on my cheeks and my nostrils burn with the scent of mouthwash. He's finally taken the bait and given me my opportunity.

I look him in the eyes and stop trying to hide my grin. "Castle. Frank Castle." 