I first learnt about it when I was 3, almost 4. I don't think I would remember it still if I weren't reminded of it yearly, but I do and I am.

My father brought it up one day while watching midday cartoons with me, probably to get away from the worst of the worst television. He turned down the volume, upsetting me because I couldn't hear the barking puppy anymore, and asked, 'Do you want to see something special?' Well, I didn't care about the puppy anymore. This could've been a real puppy.

I nodded excitedly and he went to his and mum's bedroom and brought back a straw box. Not a puppy then. Disappointing, but the dusty smell of straw was enough to interest me. It seemed ancient, mysterious. Magical.

He tapped out a little drum roll on the top of the box and then began to lift the lid. Then he stopped. I pouted. I couldn't see anything with the box half open. But then he reached in and pulled out the entire contents of the box in one hand. Good enough, I suppose.

He handed a piece to me; a piece of paper. 'What do you think it says?'

I tried my darndest to read it, I really did. I stared intently at it, lips pursed for a good minute.

'My name's in there somewhere.'

'Right,' Dad chuckled. 'Do you want me to read it out to you?'

I slumped down in my seat, sighing, 'Yeah.' I wasn't happy about not being able to read it, but I guess I had no choice.

'Dear Jason,' he started. I interjected.

'I already read that part.'

'I know,' he said, 'I'm just setting the tone.' He continued, 'Dear Jason, I will see you in 35 years. Take care.'

A pause.

'What's that supposed to mean?' I asked, pretty unimpressed.

'Well, there's more to it. You got that letter the day you were born. When you were one, it said, "I'll see you in 34 years," and last year, "33 years".'

'But that's so long! I'll probably be dead by then. Who is it from anyway?' I said, snatching the letter back and trying to scan for anything that could be a name, despite the fact I didn't know how any names were spelt except my own.

'Who knows?' Dad replied. 'They didn't sign it.' He smiled and took the letter again, putting all three of them back in the box on top of what I later found out was our family photo album.

I was acting uninterested to look cool for my dad, but really I was excited. I thought I was gonna get an invitation to become a warrior or something.

Well, I'm 35 now, and I'm not very excited anymore. It's 9 in the morning and only a few minutes until my letter usually arrives, but I have no idea what it'll say now that I've lived through my 34th year.

It's been a rough past month. I've spent a couple of weeks bedridden, not because of any virus but because the anxiety of waiting for my 35th birthday has had me vomiting and passing out constantly. I never tried setting up a birthday party, and asked everyone I know to please not set up a surprise party. I didn't tell them why, but I figured it's not worth it if I end up being dead by the end of today. I've been drinking water every 10 or so minutes for the hour I've spent awake today, just to force myself to focus on something other than my probable doom. I'm crying, but not sobbing. They're stress tears.

The mailman rings my doorbell. I wipe my face and down another quick glass of water. I slap my face lightly, say fuck it, and open the door.

'Here's your package, sir.' He smiles brightly. 'Happy birthday, by the way.'

I nod, take my package, and slam the door before I lose my composure. A couple of birthday gifts, and on the top of the pile, and envelope. I open it.

See you tomorrow.

Fuck.

...

And so I spent another day, waiting. And the day has come.

The same time as yesterday, 9:02 am, there's a knock on my door.

I figure if this is going to turn out badly, I may as well get it over with.

I open the door, eyes shut furiously.

'Happy birthday!' I open my eyes again.

It's my mum.

'Sorry, I couldn't make it yesterday, out on business.' She scoffed, 'I had to come up with an excuse letter at the very last minute.' Ah.

'That was you?' I ask, my head light and my legs weak, though I made sure not to show it.

'Yeah! I just thought, you see something like that and you're like, "Who is that? I bet I've never met them!" But I thought it'd be nice if it was someone you'd met, and it was someone you'd spent a lot of time with. Like, I'll see you in 35 years, but I'll also see you every other day before that, you know?'

I hold back tears and a pounding heart.

'Thanks, Mum.'