Eleanor stared at the door for some time. If she said nothing, she would keep an F on a story that was worth 30% of her grade for the class. Given her other grades, this would guarantee a maximum of a C-, if she aced everything, which was just... not going to happen. 

If she said something, Dr. Patter might realise that the story was not hers. She stared at the open door so long that the professor poked out his head briefly. 

"Miss Shaw, are you going to come in, or is the hallway just particularly pleasant to stand in right now?"

She sighed and opened and closed her mouth a couple of times before finally managing to speak. 

"Dr. Patter, I... I think the story I handed in was very good. I don't think it should have gotten an F." 

"What are you talking about?" The professor asked with a frown. "The story you handed in was *terrible*, Miss Shaw. It may have been the worst story I read this semester." 

Eleanor's face flushed and for a moment she forgot that this conversation could dictate whether or not she was to be expelled. "Are you crazy? That story was *awesome*!"

He raised an eyebrow and gestured for her to sit in the nearest chair. 

"Miss Shaw, I'm afraid you're going to have to explain how."

"Okay, so, just to start with, the narrator is hilarious. Everything he says about everyone is really really funny. Like, the joke about the dress was really funny."

The professor did not have to say anything for her to notice the unimpressed 'and?' in his face. 

"Secondly, it's got all the love and loss and everything you keep saying is awesome in stories."

"It has a man and a woman *break up*, Miss Shaw, it's not exactly the end of civilisation. People break up all the time. They get over it."

"It is to *him* though!" She said, not noticing her own voice rising. "His whole world has collapsed--and, like, that's the important part! It doesn't matter if the world is fine, *his* world is not fine, *his* world doesn't work like it used to anymore."

"...I suppose..." 

"And--and the language is really cool! Like, it's all romanticism-ish and then they break up and he starts talking like the early modernists and it's super obvious that he's just doing that because he's trying to shut down that part of himself that felt love so much--but like, that's part of who he is, and he's an idiot for trying to do that. And it's like, super obvious that, like, he's totally doing the exact thing that drove her away in the first place all over again within himself. You have to see that, the symbolism is super-obviously there."

"Pardon?"

"Like, with the breakfast and--here," she took the story out of her bag. "See, here at the start there's the whole thing about how she wanted to go for walks, and to exercise more and--like, she very obviously feels fat. She's sad and she feels fat and she wants him to help, but he keeps not helping..."

The professor frowned. "She's beautiful though, she's clearly not--"

"*Her* world is also a problem though! Just like his world is collapsing with the breakup, her world is collapsing because she feels like everywhere she looks, she's not good enough!"

"The story does not--"

"It totally does! Here, in the first page, there's the exercise thing where she's being super-low-key about how fat she feels, and then when they have to run away from the gangsters, she gets this like, gaze into the abyss moment where she's obviously thinking that being out of shape just might have cost her her life--"

"She was more likely just scared and tired."

"--And then later on, she starts getting rid of a bunch of her clothes, and he keeps not listening and he keeps not helping. Then they break up, and he stops thinking in the romanticism, and everything gets all blunt and every little time he thinks about her he gets back into that but then he stops it because it hurts. And the whole symbolism of making breakfast comes up again. So like, it's super obvious that he's just avoiding dealing with the pain, like he avoided dealing with her pain and her problems earlier, and then he's so oblivious to this and there's this whole tragedy to the thing, right? Because he didn't actually learn anything."

"Well, then the story had no real character development."

"It totally did, just not for him. It had development for her. The story is not actually about him, it's about her, because she's the one that changes, and she's the one who decides to do something. And he's sad, but he doesn't understand, and in the end it's only a tragedy because he's the one telling the story. If she had told the story it would be like... freedom and stuff."

Dr. Patter sat in silence for a moment.

"I suppose we are our own worst critics..." he muttered, and Eleanor's face grew pale. "I will give you the chance to rewrite the assignment, Miss Shaw, provided you do not put it on Reddit this time. For your... *good taste* in literature."

She gave Dr. Patter a brief thank-you and ran out of the office as fast as possible. Dr. Patter sat back in his chair for a moment, and took a deep breath before picking up his phone and making a call. 

"Elizabeth? No, I--I'm sorry. Yes. Yes, I... I was wrong. Please, Elizabeth? Can we talk? I miss you."