He said they lived. Wonka was a goddamn liar.

As they soared above the city, Wonka revealed the true nature of his game.

"Charlie, do you know why I chose you over the other children?"

"No," Charlie said. "I thought I passed your Gobstopper test."

"Yes, Charles. You are a good boy. You chose to suppress the urge to steal from me, in the face of incredible temptation. It's commendable."

Charlie stared over the city as they drifted. "It's a magnificent factory, Mr. Wonka."

"Ah, it is. And it is all yours, if you'll have it."

Charlie's eyes widened like saucer plates. "I don't understand, sir."

"Well, you chose to not steal. No other child could resist. They're greedy. You should take my place, take care of the factory. You'll have to keep the Oompa Loompas well-fed. And carry on the business."

"But I'm just a kid!" Charlie exclaimed.

"You are now. But that will not always be the case."

"Gee whiz. I don't know Mr. Wonka."

Wonka adjusted his bow tie, and tilted his hat up. "You wanna know the secret? What REALLY happens to kids when they cross me. When they betray my trust?"

Charlie nodded reluctantly.

"You'll have to agree. Agree to take over for me. There are few people I can trust, and even fewer I can trust with the knowledge of the children."

Charlie nodded again, fearful yet curious. He had to know the secret. It would kill him, eat him up from the inside out.

"The chocolate river," Wonka said. "Do you know where the extra flavor comes from? The oomph that brings the children to the candy store in flocks?"

Charlie shook his head, and stared at his shoe.

"Adrenochrome. It's what comes out of the children when we kill them. It gives the liquid chocolate the extra pizazz, that makes it not just delicious... but vivifying."

Charlie stood back, aghast.

"I call it a chocolate ablution." Wonka laughed maniacally. 

"I want to go home," Charlie said.

"Very well. But I'll be in touch."

"I hope not," Charlie said. "Or I'll tell everyone."

Wonka laughed. "And who in the hell do you think will believe you?"

Charlie averted his eyes, a tear quivering on his eyelids. 

*Nobody will.*