Every damn year it's the same thing. Who's gonna kill Hitler? How will they do it? What a joke. I haven't heard anything resembling a creative solution in all the speculation surrounding the upcoming match. Not this year. Kids these days. Not up for a challenge. Everybody has a theory. Oh wow, never in a million years would anyone have ever thought of that one. Unless you're a time traveler. And you just, you know, take a little peak into the future. Watch next years competition. Take a peak at the Almanac. Don't even get me started on the Bob Gale Paradox. Yep. I've seen them all. But that doesn't shut anyone up. Maybe this year we'll finally have a new winner! If the fans only knew. Maybe to them I'm some sort of monster. What could be worse than a has been time traveler? Especially one that has committed the unpardonable sin of becoming boring. "Last year's champion" is what they call me. 

Headline's proclaim Goebbels this year's fan favorite. Nobody can psych out an opponent like Goebbels! Don't believe everything you read. Is what I'd say to the establishment sports press. Markets have Goering the odds on favorite. Someone close but not too close. If I see another "Fly Like Goering" ad I might just retire. But not this year. Hah. Keep dreaming. Once a champion always a champion. Until you're forgotten. Long odds on Gandhi, the dark horse. The usual run up to the big event.

Maybe I'll get a little public speaking practice in. Munich Art House. Always liked that one. There's always a player that wants to make a big flashy assassination attempt during a speech. Timing is everything if you want to win. The key to success is consistency. Never waver. Ahem...

"Es ist herrlich, in einer Zeit zu leben, die ihren Menschen große Aufgaben stellt."

Grahhem... *cough*

"Es ist herrlich, in... in."

Not really feeling it. When is that interview? One hour? Not like they ever ask about anything else. When I do give an interview there's one question that gets asked and that is the one question I don't answer.

"How did you do it?" 

All the rest is bullshit. Fluff and filler.

Remember when people used to wonder who would kill Winston Churchill? Or even Joseph Stalin? Remember when I killed Zhou Xiong, the previous record holder? Probably not. You probably weren't even born.

Churchill. Now there was a player. I proably have time for some solitaire before the interview. Or maybe Dwarf Fortress. Another ancient earth favorite. For a backwater planet without much going for it (other than complete and total isolation from even the most insignificant time line and thus the perfect arena for the sport I've dedicated my life to) they sure knew a thing or two about games. Tag for instance. A real classic. What's that? Eva wants me down in make up in five? God damn it. What's wrong with my mustache? There's nothing wrong with my mustache.

"Welcome, Welcome. So how does it feel to be the winning-est competitor to ever play World War? You've been the target for so many years that some fans have never known a time when there was another. Thirty two consecutive years without a loss? The longest winning streak ever held by last year's champion, and this years target?"

"How does it feel? Like I could live forever."

This earns a few halfhearted chuckles from the audience.

"And do you think any of this years competitors has a chance? Will there be an upset? Is it time for a change? Any one of your challengers that you think might pull it off and become next year's target?"

"I have to tell you Steven. Every year in World War people think they have a shot. That they can beat me. You can bet that this time next year people will still be asking 'Who will kill Hitler?' 'How will they do it?' I gurantee it. The time line that I am playing is far from divergent at this juncture. I'm probably the only player in the game today that has what it takes to kill Hitler."

"Confident words from a player that has proven himself to be unstoppable. You have a new Memory that you'll be releasing this weekend. We have a sample here."

"I have. Yes I have. There are some previously unreleased World War time lines that I think fans will enjoy. I know, I know, I have a reputation as the most hated player in the game. But these time lines are real gems." 

"Now Adolf, I know there is one question that we always hope to have answered here on show. In the highest scoring match of all time, In that incredible, historic and controversial come from behind win against Zhou Xiong, how did you do it?"

A few scattered boohs.

"Adolf, will fans finally get a look behind the scenes of that long ago season in your new Memory?"

"No Steven, no they will not."

"Fans know the score, but not the what for. A disappointing if not unexpected answer. We've been following Eva's new spring unveiling and she seems to have taken the fashion world by storm. I hear she will be providing some surprise twists in this years World War."

"She will. I can't wait. Some really great and unexpected things we've been working on."

"There you have it, ladies and gentlemen. The Fuhrer, Last Year's Champion 32 years running, the only time traveler to initiate the Bob Gale Paradox in a World War match and live. The stopped clock. The winning-est World War competitor of all time. New Memory releasing this weekend. Stay tuned for my next guest! Performing live..."
