Erik rose with the rising of the sun, ready to greet the day and begin his day's work at his mother's butcher shop (strange for a woman to own such a place, but his parents both always were unusual). When he opened his door, however, the sight which greeted him was not the hall of his parents' home, nor indeed any part of it; instead he found himself gazing into a long, broad corridor, easily as long as three of his entire house, and twice again as broad.

The first thing he saw was a familiar sight: the hammer he had seen at his father's side so very often, but missing since the man had taken ill ten years back. The placard proclaimed it "Mjolnir", and told tales of its use in battle against giants of ice. Next to it was an alcove, still empty, marked as belonging to "Fenrisfang", a spot shaped perfectly for his mother's dagger in the center.

As he walked further through the hall, he saw more old weapons ant tools, some he knew, others he had heard of, and still more he was completely unfamiliar with. Grandfather's spear, Gungnir. A blade labeled "Caledfwlch", and another labeled "Excalibur". A pair of cold iron pistols, with sandalwood grips, which bore no name but their alcove was marked with the face of a sun-toasted man with longish hair and an old western style hat. More blades, hammers, spears, and firearms.

Finally, as he neared the end of the hall, passing a gun engraved with the name "A. Chekhov", a spear drenched in blood which gave off a holy light, and a round shield in reds and blues and whites with a white star in the center, he heard it. More in his head than with his ears, he heard a faint voice calling out to him.

Following the voice, he reached the end of the hall. Here sat a collection of dusty weapons, in a loose pile. He dug through the pile, tossing aside a pair of black daggers, an oddly-intricate scythe in red and black, a strange pair of mechanical-looking yellow gloves, until his fingers wrapped around the handle of a sword in its sheath, and the voice stopped.

Just in time for him to hear the footsteps.

He pulled the sword out of the pile, took a quick moment to admire the handiwork - the blade was undeniably sharp, the hilt and sheath trimmed with bronze, and the main material of the sheath a gleaming (after a quick dusting) white - and to notice, and put on, a matching set of armor, and crept back down the hall towards the sound.

There, by the alcove of Chekhov's gun, stood a creature of shadow, with a bone-white mask and red eyes. It stood in man-shape, and held the gun. Leveled on Erik. Erik tried to draw the sword, but it caught on the sheath. A second quick pull and the sheath folded out into a shield, marked with a double crescent. He raised the shield into position just as the creature, seemingly just figuring out how to use the firearm in its hand, fired a shot.

The bullet ricocheted from the shield and lodged into a pillar. Erik, momentarily shaken, snapped himself out of his stupor and rushed the creature, bringing the sword down across its arm, severing the hand holding the gun. It reached out with its other arm, stretching down the corridor into darkness, and pulled back with another gun, one of the sandalwood-gripped pair. Erik jumped back, kicked off the pillar the bullet had struck, but the creature's other arm, the one without a hand, caught him across the midsection, where the armor was lacking.

Erik flew across the hall, crashing into the alcove holding David's sling. The creature fired again, and before he even heard the gunshot, Erik heard another voice, different from the one that had led him to the sword. A woman's voice. She told him to raise the shield and brace himself, so he did. The bullet struck hard, pushing the shield against his arms, but the shield blocked it. The voice told him a series of moves, which he followed, and in the end, he parted the creature's head from its shoulders.

As he watched, the creature evaporated into black smoke. The voice spoke again, telling him that he was worthy, and that she was glad someone good, and strong, had claimed the sword, and then it spoke no more.

Erik remembered then that he was late for work, and that his mother - "the Wolf", as the townsfolk had taken to calling her - would be very angry with him. He fairly sprinted back through the doors, in a rush to get himself ready. He would have one Hel of a story to tell his mother...

____

(Continued, after a generation, from [here]( http://reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5n9jkb/wp_keep_your_head_low_my_mother_said_thats_the/?ref=search_postsdcaq5u1))