The funny thing is that nobody thinks about how technology works and how it can change something apparently useless into the ultimate power. Am I a supervillan or an hero? I don’t know, I mean I think that what I’ve done was in humanity best interest, but I don’t think that I’m the best judge on it. Well, since I’ve nothing better to do and maybe you are in the same situation, let me tell you my story. Several years ago, in the day that will became known as Day\_zero, a weird object has been found into the deep see. Scientists were astonished by the finding since this, ehm I don’t know how to call it so let’s go for “thing” - damn I seriously need to read more books about people, anyway.. - “thing” because it seemed to defy some weird phisicics law about optics. It reflected light in a non standard reflection path given its structure. Everybody freaked out at the idea that newton was wrong about it, and he usually was pretty cool with optics they say. After the news cycle, the usual mantra that we go trough every time something is out the ordinary, nobody gave a crap about that thing but some scientist and maybe some opticians. The world quickly forgot the thing that defy optics for a year or two, i don’t remember, until a weird kid from minesota in a not very fun school field trip asked the main scientist if that light bending fenomena didn’t have something to do with it’s shape but with the material itself that curved time, not space. “That’s a stupid question, its mass is to small for such an effect” was the first reaction, but then he thought “wait a minute, maybe this material doesn’t act on time, which doesn’t make sense so this kid is still dumber than me and I’ll give him zero credit on the paper - eh eh fuck you kiddo - , but it interacts with space-time in such a what that gravity doesn’t fully apply”. And that, my friend, was the start. The published paper was a seminal one that lead the way to a series of discoveries in several different fields of science, the latter one was genetics. It seemed that if we modify the human genome in some way several different Phenotypes started to arise in new generations. It didn’t took a while before china put out the first fling baby, it was a tragedy that his first flight was into a science lab, but that lead to the serialized production of flying soldiers. Some billioner paid to learn how to fly, but genetics is a bitch and if your DNA doesn’t match the required characteristics you end up with some serious shit, like a third arm or you become a golem or a spaghetti monster! Just kidding, ahah, you die. That wasn’t so sad for a lot of people that some milioners ended up feeding the plants, because some us though that it was incredibly satisfying seeing something that they could get with their money and also if you think about if it was possible to buy this kind of things for millions would we end up give advantage to advanced people? Fuck them. I didn’t took long to see the first sort of new religions starting to arise and declaring that humans with genomic-enhancement-compatibility were a gift of some god or alien race, I found the latter more sound but still crazy as shit. Some years pass and the first one-shooter was created as a spinoff. this particular mutation lead to the capacity of the genomic-enhancement holder to kill some living creature with one touch. “That’s sick” thought the military generals and they start to produce that in small quantities given the fact that it was difficult to find a genome compatibility. We now have, over 100.000 individuals with that capability to fly (and, as side note the side capability to fuck every single woman they want, I mean when you make the fly by hugging them that’s a fucking a good ice-breaker move if ask me) and just under 500 hundred one-shooters. And I say “good for them”. One of the most groundbreaking, unwanted, unpredicted and world changing event, was in the ’30s, when Electra Gale was born, or created I don’t know and I won’t enter this topic of discussion, The first time-space bender. She was the equivalent of flash for brief moments of time, she travel as fast as a lightning, operate in the battlefield and kill hundreds of men and women without risk, save hostages and other immense tasks just by her own. She truly was the fist demigod from the new human era. Needless to say that every country, every science lab, every whatever had objectives in life, was trying to replicate her. 7 years later they did, and the number of demi-gods went up to five, one for each continent and that recreated the geopolitical equilibrium that was tarnished by Electra. Now, where do I fit in all of this? I was in the program for the one-shooter, but the procedure went wrong due to my genetic peculiarity and my nervose system could “auto-kill” other nervous systems due to the fact that I could transfer the electric pulse outside my fingers. Something about the way my skin mutated. At fist sight It seemed like I could do anything, but then one day I cracked my knuckles and my fingers started to glow. “well, that didn’t go as planned, but I won’t need a torchlight in my life”, that’s how I use to describe myself on interviews about my side mutation, I knew they were making fun of me, but i didn’t care. After a week from the interview, somebody knocks on my door. I go to check who the hell was robbing my desperate solitude and my jaw droped to the floor. On my door there was an overexcited, breathless, anxious and somewhat weird in a cool way Elon Musk. “Can you control the intensity, bightness or tone of your glowing fingers?” was he’s first question, “ yes “ was my answer. “Let’s go, I’ll take you Neuralink, I think we could make you literally talk to computers by means of your thingers”. That was shocking, but realistic: the problem with machine interface nowadays is the speed at which we human can communicate intentions to the machine. This speed is severely reduced by our thingers, speed patterns, what have you in our physical nature. But if we can control machines just with our thoughts, take a totally new kind of power. 

I’ll continue if it make sense! 