 

I want to preface this with, this was a legit fear of mine being on a boat that finished 54 months in the yards.

&#x200B;

“Request to enter and relieve.”

“Enter”

“Enter, aye” 

&#x200B;

0000: Watch and logs continued from those dated 11 Dec 18…

Man, its already December, we’ve been gone for months already. To think, we actually finished the availability and completed sea trials. We joked that we wouldn’t survive sea trials. Rig for deep submergence had reports from drops per minute to gallons per minute. I was worried, but I paid my pennies to Charon before we moved the boat out of drydock. I have the tattoos of the hen and pig on my feet. I feel like I’ve done everything to protect myself. The last thing is outside of your control. I was scared of the boat going down and someone at your funeral says the words “died doing what he loved” and “eternal patrol.” That, I am pretty sure, is what keeps you forever damned on the boat.

353 ft long, 40 feet wide. That would be my world. It isn’t terrible, but there just isn’t anywhere to have space to relax except in your rack. Crews Mess always has training, so you can’t hang out there much. They kinda forgot about people when they designed this class. 

I’m counting the days. I got my orders, I’m leaving. If we pull in for even a day, I’ll leave with only 100 days of sea time. This tour was just shipyard, and its worn me down. We’re not doing much though. We haven’t changed bells in 24 hours, I don’t know what we’re doing, but it doesn’t involve us in the engine room. I try to think of conversation to prod the watch standers in maneuvering. But its just quiet, we ran out of things to talk about, at least for now. 

I look forward to getting off watch because we don’t have any maintenance scheduled, so I can rack out and read. Rack to the future… so nice. 

Our watch finally ends after 8 hours, my relief comes in. I ask whats for breakfast, its the same thing again, UHT milk, Space Eggs, and crunchy pancakes… I’ll probably get a cliff bar from my stash.

I shower then crawl into the rack. I read for a bit, then fall asleep.

I wake up to the messenger “hey, first wake up.”

I crawl out of my rack and grab my poopysuit and head to dinner. Same thing day in and day out. The only things that change is the numbers on the date. All the days blur together. But, it is at least a routine. 

As I walk through the tunnel back to maneuvering I try to think of something to talk about on watch.

I open the door, “Request to enter and relieve.”

“Enter”

“Enter, aye” 

I enter maneuvering to relieve the reactor operator. I should get started on my midnight entry because of the math I have to do to close out today's logs.

0000: Watch and logs continued from those dated 11 Dec 18…