"Undo any decision? Me? Why me?"

Death gently put aside their scythe. "Well, you see, my child, They want to commemorate the one billionth human to be dead. Even *I* don't know why do They do that, but it's just a nice thing to have. I still remember when this chance was given to another person, the one who became the one hundredth person to be dead; she undid her birth. Turns out, her city burned down because no one stopped those gangs—rebels—from destroying it. She was sweet, though, I like her voice."

Furrowing my eyebrows, I stared down. "Can I undo *anything?* I mean, anything, like the World Wars, ISIS, terrorist attacks, and else?"

Death nodded. "Of course, my child. Everything," their smile disappeared along with them taking their scythe. "Though I must remind you, anything comes with some consequences. Who knows what undoing what you humans judge as 'bad things' would do. Also, my apologies, I have some people to take care of," Death moved past me, opening a portal so bright I couldn't see anything beyond it. "If you've made your decision, just say it. Words have power here, my child. See you in a few days."

Now I was alone here. With no one to guide me to make some decisions, I guess I have to make the decision myself.

I just realized I haven't looked around much. Death's office looked so tidy and organized, though it was mostly wood and brown instead of the popular white rooms in the Earth. I didn't know woods could be found here, but eh, it looked neat, so why would I bother?

The shelves were filled with books of varying sizes. Some have red covers, some black, but mostly brown, like the room. Apparently, Death liked brown—that wasn't something any human can know easily.

After much walking around, I ended up walking toward their desk. It was of dark brown color, in fact, much darker than any furniture and object I found. On the top of it were two books, an ink and quill—Death liked old-fashioned things, too—and a table lamp emanating warm, golden light. I opened the first book I saw, which had red cover among the other ones on the desk.

I flipped right to the first bookmark. A table full of names were written on the pages. Beside them were dates of birth, dates of death, occupations, and more. There were small boxes, too; some were crossed, some empty. So the concept of destined death existed—just as I believed.

I skimmed through the pages looking for my name... and I found it.

*Fariz Darmahusna, 12/3/1997, 8/12/2018, student-painter, sleeping.*

I chuckled. I didn't know why, but seeing my name with the box crossed just felt funny. Not many people died in their sleep, and I probably should feel  proud to be one of them. Iwas dead, and I could undo anything I wanted to now. Better not waste this chance—I had to find something to undo.

Out of curiosity, I opened the other book and flipped right to the last page. This one was the thickest book I found on the table, if not the whole room. Its pages were yellow and quite stiff; must be an old book.

I got to the last page. I stared at the content, chills moving through my skin.

*Death, 0/0/0, []/[]/[], life-taker, end of the world.*

I gulped.

The end of the world is less than two books away. The world would end after all the names in these books were crossed. The world would end. It would be destroyed.

"Ahaha...."

Even though I was dead, there were people still alive. They would have to feel the immense pain of seeing their loved ones dying, their planet burning, their body.... No. The world wouldn't have to end if something was done.

What could I undo to prevent the end of world from happening?

An idea came to my mind. It was outrageous, and the world was meant to be destroyed anyway, but I—nor did any humans—wanted it to end.

I glanced at the other death dates.

"Fate," I murmured, "I want to undo fate, these death dates and people's lives."

The room shook. Books fell out of the shelves, the hanging lamp crashed onto the floor, and everything went dark. I took the book and hid under the desk, trying to avoid anything that might hit my head.

But the floor below me broke.

I fell.

It was dark. Death's office crumbled away, consumed by the darkness.

It was dark. Empty. I continuously fell, never hitting an end.

It was dark.

But then, it was bright. Brighter than the portal Death opened.

I heard voices.

"Amazing!"

"I—is this real?! We did it?!"

"By the God! We did it, Marsha!"

"Hold on. I don't remember he held a book when he died."

"Hm? Right, I don't remember seeing that book before."

"Maybe resurrection brings some things from the 'other side' too, as Ayu stated. Maybe he was somewhere in a place full of books in the 'other side'?"

I blinked several times.

"I'm... alive...?"