It all started when roughly 99.95% of the night's stars vanished at once.

Of course it sent the scientists in frenzy. For one, it was supposed to be impossible. A star's light took thousands, if not millions, of years to reach our planet. For all of them to disappear from our night's sky all at once was impossible for it would mean every other star in every other solar system would have to wink out at different times for them to disappear simultaneously in Earth's night sky.

Then of course there was the mass hysteria in the population itself. Doomsayers and religious leaders would take turns on the spotlight while governments attempted to retain order by any means necessary. It slowly died down over the months as our own Sun did not wink itself out of existence and doom humanity, but two questions lingered:

Why did all the other stars disappeared?

Did our sun survive for a reason or were we all just lucky?

Scientists couldn't explain it; there was no rhyme nor reason for the remaining stars in the visible universe. Alpha Centauri and most of the other closest stars were all gone. On the other hand some stars on the other side of the Milky Way and beyond were all burning as brightly as ever. One scientist jokingly commented "at least we have fewer stars to study now" nearly a decade before first contact.

And second. And third. And seventeenth.

From most of the remaining stars came alien messages, all of them directed at their fellow surviving solar systems. The messages were slowly translated; some were clinical, others were concerned, others were hopeful. Communications were slowly established, and at least one question was answered: 'why?' 'We are the ones with intelligent life in them.' 

The overall feeling of the population was bittersweet. We were not alone in the universe, but we were essentially landlocked. Incapable of spreading through the stars and too distant from the aliens to ever hope to one day reach them.

A few days ago we received one bit of news from one of our distant neighbors. A Message. Not theirs, but from the Others. Those who were At Fault. And yet, despite that fact, I do not think I can stay mad at Them or their Message.

"We apologize for the inconvenience."