"...You what?" Mark said, unblinkingly.  

"We charge." Said Ryan, seemingly oblivious of the subtext.  

"For fuck’s sake…” Mark rubbed his temples, hoping to impede the inevitable headache his players would eventually cause. “…You have orders from your commanding officer to wait for reinforcements. You know that, right? I even made you guys a handout."  

"How bad could it be? We far out-level them and we have better technology." Chimed in Peter, confidently rolling a die around between his palms.  

“And horses!” Exclaimed Alicia who hadn’t stopped talking about the party’s horses since they acquired them only hours ago.  

“Peter, make a Perception check.” A pointless roll, but one Mark had hoped would help to get his point across. The die hit the table and a look of pride beamed cross Peter’s face.  

“...Natural 20.” Said Peter with an annoying smile.  

“Yeah there’s literally thousands of them, and with a 20 you can see that they’re bolstered by some of their mightiest warriors.” Mark said, hoping it would finally get through. “Also, you have less than half of their numbers.”  

“Yeah, this isn’t starting to sound like such a good idea guys.” Carmen said sheepishly. This came as a surprise to Mark, Carmen had been the biggest risk-taker up until this point, but Mark didn’t care. He just wanted to get this session back on-course.  

“Yes, thank you Carmen! You wait in your encampm-”  

“I use Inspiring Leader, everyone gets 12 temporary HP.” Ryan interrupted.  

“What!?” Yelled Mark.  

“Oh sweet, okay I’m on board now.” Said Carmen, unfortunately gaining confidence.  

“Seriously!?” Mark knew there was no hope now.  

“What, are we doing it wrong Mark? You said ‘there’s no wrong way to play D&D’ Mark.” Goated Ryan, complete with an aggravating use of air quotes.  

“There’s not, I…” Mark’s let out an exasperated groan, he knew a lost cause he saw one, “...Fine! You sound the charge. With thundering hooves and the report of gunfire you manage to take out…” Mark rolled a percentile die to determine the party’s opening attack, “...a few dozen from their middle formation before you are immediately surrounded. Because you didn’t wait for reinforcements, *like you were supposed to*, your right and left flanks are forced to retreat.” Mark stared through narrowed eyes at Ryan, who’s once confident demeanor had devolved into one of confusion and terror.  

“What do you want to do…” Mark produced his own set of air quotes, “...’General Custer’?”