There's a joke they always tell. If a woman dies, her husband will die within a year. If a man dies, his wife will go on a cruise. 

Well, there was some truth to it. I had gone on a cruise. My nieces and nephews - I'd never had children - had convinced me to. It was nice, but I was haunted by that aching loss. It had served only as a distraction. Nothing had been the same since he passed. Every day felt empty. Before, I would wake up every morning, sunlight streaming into our cheerful blue room, and see him next to me, a smile on his face. "You look so peaceful when you sleep," he always told me. And then he would kiss me on the head, and everything was right with the world. 

Now I woke up to an untouched pillow. Nobody ever talks about how cold the bed gets after spending a lifetime sharing it with someone else. 

But now... Now I was starting to feel warm again. I was  dying. I knew that much. I didn't know if I believed in an afterlife, but I hoped I'd get to meet him again. 

I turned, my aged face cracking a smile at my youngest niece. Even she was already in her 30's. I was so tired, and yet I mustered up just a little more energy, patting her hand gently with my own frail one. I'd helped to raise her when my sister was fighting her own demons. When my sister was institutionalized, my niece had come to live with me for months until her mother was better. Explaining mental illness to an 11-year old was difficult. Old enough to understand that something was wrong, yet still too young to fully grasp the situation. But I was grateful. I loved my sister, and would do anything to help her. The fact that I had become so close to her daughter was just an added bonus. My niece's tear-stricken face managed a smile back.  

"Don't cry," I said softly. I wished I could wipe the tears from her face, just like I'd done when she was younger. "I had a good life." 
As if I had been holding on just long enough to say that, I felt the rest of my energy leave me. I smiled wordlessly, my eyes drifting closed, the green walls fading away as I felt myself relaxing into the warm embrace of death. I had had a good life. I was at peace. 

And then... My eyes opened. Maybe I hadn't died at all. I looked around, but my niece was nowhere to be found. The ache was gone from my body. I looked down at my hands, no longer spotted with age. Hm. Was this the afterlife? 

I took my surroundings in carefully. I noted in the back of my mind that I was drenched in sweat. Blue walls. Blue walls. I'd died in a room painted green. But the blue... 

Hopefully, I turned to my left, my heart fluttering in my chest. But... Nothing. An empty pillow besides me, perfectly fluffed, indicating that there hadn't been a head resting on it all night. I felt tears welling in my eyes. Was this hell? Was I doomed to spend eternity like this, never being able to see him ever again? What had I done wrong?  

I reached hesitantly toward the pillow, expecting some monster to jump at me, but my hand made it safely to the soft pillow. Slowly, I pulled it toward me, and as I did, I caught a whiff of something I hadn't smelled in years. My husband. 

The tears were coming quickly now, and I buried my face in the pillow, sobbing. It was undoubtedly his scent. I wasn't sure whether I was comforted or tormented by that thought. If this was hell, I'd at least enjoy this while it lasted. I'd been devastated when I realized his smell had faded from my home after his death. It had been the last lingering, tangible memory of him. Without it, the warmth had truly gone from my bed. But I was warm again. Here in this moment, I was warm. 

I cried, clutching the pillow as if it could be ripped away from me at any moment. For all I knew, it could be. 

"Babe?" 

I froze. No. It couldn't be. My face stayed in the now soaked pillow. 

I heard something get set down on a surface, then footsteps approaching me across the carpeted room. I didn't turn, fearing that I'd see some demon with his voice. The footsteps stopped, and I could sense someone behind me. I felt a warm, reassuring hand on my shoulder. 

"Oh, honey, you're awake!" His voice broke, and I could hear the concern and relief all rolled up into one in it. The hand gently pulled my shoulder to turn me around. 

I blinked, my vision still blurred with tears. Dark hair, tan skin. I blinked some more. The moment of clarity was instantly gone as recognition set in. I started bawling, overwhelmed by emotion. It was him. It was really him. I was safe. 

"What's wrong? Why are you crying? Oh- babe- what-" He was cut short as I lunged forward, hugging him tightly. 

"I missed you. I missed you so much - you don't know how much it hurt," I manage to choke out through the tears. 

His warm chuckle was music to my ears. "What do you mean, missed me?" 

"You died, asshole! I never gave you permission to die first! You- there was nobody for me to cuddle with- you were- oh god, I love you so much," I said.

I felt his hands gently pull me away from him, concern on his face. One of his hands rested gently on my forehead, while the other tilted my chin up to look at him. "What are you talking about? You've been asleep for the past two days. I was so scared - you had a fever and were coughing like crazy. The doctor told me to wait it out though - you haven't been sleeping enough recently, honey." 

My brow furrowed in confusion. Asleep? Two days? But... I'd lived an entire lifetime. I'd just died, for crying out loud. Was he trying to tell me all of that was just some fever-induced, hyper-realistic dream? 
"But... It felt so real," I replied. "How would you know we're not both dead?"

He chuckled, clambering over me to settle in bed beside me. The bed shifted and creaked in a way I hadn't realized I'd missed. He reached out, combing his fingers through my damp hair thoughtfully. I then remembered that I'd woken up drenched in sweat. 

"Getting all philosophical on me already?" he teased, giving a strand of my hair a playful tug. "Even if we are, why does it matter right now? I'm happy right now." His strong arms wrapped around me, pulling me close. "This could be life, or it could be heaven, but all I know is that I have you, and you're safe, and that's all that matters." 

As I relaxed into his arms, I knew it was true. I was sure there was some way to find out whether I was alive or not, but for now, all I needed was him. The love of my life. Nothing else mattered right then. I felt him kiss me on the head, and I knew that everything  was right with the world.

-----

Ironically, I'm procrastinating writing my english paper. There may be some typos since I wrote this on mobile. Any feedback is welcome.

Edit: fixed some phrasing 

Edit 2: thanks for my first gold! And also all the supportive comments, you've all made my day. 