Klorp’s office was located in the darkest, dampest corner of the Exo-Humanoidology’s building’s basement. He sat in silence, his life’s work in shambles. He had been so excited to write his dissertation on humans; Earth had shown so much promise! Their cultures were far more diverse than his own species, and the short lifespan of the humans meant that the styles of art and music they generated were constantly and rapidly evolving. They even resembled his own species to an extent, closely enough that with some minor cosmetic surgery he could even have potentially lived among them and studied them more closely. Several probes from the fledgling species had been captured. On each probe that was found, the humans had written a message for any interstellar beings it might encounter. 

Those messages were what originally drew Klorp to humans. They were written so carefully, they recognized that math was the only language that everyone would understand and endeavored in a rather elegant way to convey the state of their progress with simple dots and lines. They always included pictures and music, showing that they were also a social society who spent as much time stimulating their senses as they did studying the universe around them. The probes seemed to scream, “We are here! Come teach us, come learn!” 

The message on the most recent probe was different. A simple data storage device was included. After several weeks of collaboration with his university’s archeology department he was able to access the files included. There were thousands of them! Novels, pictures of art and architecture, music! They had included a treasure trove of their culture. With shaking digits, Klorp opened the first file, a painting by a man named Joseph Ducreux. No painting opened, instead a video started playing. The loud music assaulted Klorp’s ears. “Never gonna give you up! Never gonna let you down!” Klorp shut the video off. He wondered if the humans had made a mistake. He selected the next file, a news article titled, “14 tax reforms you won’t believe congress just passed!” 

“That crazy Congress, what have they done now?” Klorp asked, chuckling to himself. He activated the file only to have that same video play again. Each file was like that, every file, all of them directed Klorp back to the same video. A short man in a trench coat dancing and screaming about knowing rules and not being a stranger to love. It was insufferable. Klorp wondered if the humans knew their error. He activated one of his remote satellites he had orbiting earth. He scanned the planet’s communication network for any mention of mistakes in the probe’s construction. The most prominent result was an article titled, “If you’re an alien and you’ve found our probe ‘Voyager’ click here for the actual message.” Activating that link directed him to the same video. The same red-headed bastard was screaming at him again. 

“What is this? Why is this happening?” Klorp asked himself. He spent the next few weeks on the internet, trying to understand why this one joke was considered to be the funniest thing to ever have happen in the history of the planet. How could it be that such a rich, vibrant world had fallen so far into such a state that they spent billions of dollars trying to troll aliens.  Aliens they didn’t even know about, mind you. 

Klorp seethed with anger. If he attempted to present his dissertation, “The Boundless Possibilities of the Human Race” at this point he would be a laughing stock. No one would ever take that planet seriously again, and very few would ever take him seriously again. He decided there was only one option. He activated his communicator and contacted a cosmetic surgeon. It nearly drained his credits, but the surgery was a success. He gazed at himself in the mirror and he almost looked human. His skin was a shade or two too orange, his hair implants were a little wild, but they had to be to hide his antennae. 

He climbed into his gold-plated ship and launched towards earth. Gold was abundant on his planet, and it was used extensively in all sorts of construction. He knew it was rare on earth, and that when he landed the raw materials would provide him with the resources to take his revenge.

Slowly his plan came to fruition, he became more and more popular. Never had a person acted so ridiculously, never had they faked so much success. Ten earth years ago it would have been crazy to even imagine that this would work, but if the world had fallen to the state where a video of a tiny man in giant sunglasses singing was the height of comedy, then just maybe it had fallen to a state where they would put their trust in an idiot. 

An eye for an eye is much more literal on his planet. True justice requires that the offender be offended back in kind. Finally he would be able to repay those fucking internet trolls for ruining his life’s work. Finally there would be some justice in his life. He had prepared the biggest troll the planet had ever known. He even took a human wife and had her subtlely “Rick Roll” a global audience as an appetizer for his own, impending satisfaction.

He smiled at how far he’d come, at how close he was to completing his scheme. He walked out on stage in front of thousands of screaming fans. He approached the podium and shouted, “Let’s Make America Great Again!”
