*Death, Undeath, and Deaths*


After a year, it changed my life.


After ten years, I gave up on my life.


After a hundred years, I gave up on any life.


After a thousand years, I gave up on my death.


Perhaps after ten thousand years, I shall give up on any death. But for now, this is the only challenge that sustains me.


It got more difficult over time as technology  progressed, but with the recent developments in interstellar travel, the universe has become so...primitive again, like in the early days.


The early days...it is hard to remember to remember them. Most of that is stored in memplants that I've archived, and it's a long trip to one of my caches to recover them. But I keep my favorite memories with them, refreshing them with my daily meditations...

---

When it happened, I knew in a moment something had changed. I was watching the execution in our village of a Wanderer who had touched the second wife of the elder. I stepped on the robe of a stranger as I jostled for position to see the best part, where the disemboweled man is choked to death with his own entrails. The stranger cursed, I cursed, then he Cursed. I felt something immediately, but then the shrieks of the dying distracted me, and when I looked back, the Stranger was gone.


I know him now. He was Death, and he cursed me with Undeath.


I think I realized the truth after my second death. The first was just weeks after the Curse, I think, when another Wanderer brought a plague to our village. I think I should have died, though others survived, too. The men who lived swore vengeance on his tribe, and we raided them for months before my second death. They were waiting for us, and a hail of spears cut us down to a man. They left us for dead for fear of another plague, and I lay for a day before I mustered the courage to pull the spear from my chest. My blood flowed freely, but I didn't die. I stuffed the wound with dirt and leaves, crawled away, and slowly healed from something I knew should have killed me.


It took me ten more deaths to kill everyone in that village. My village welcomed me back a hero, but they didn't learn the truth for some time.


(To be continued)