[Look: this story contains mention of that beautiful cryptic, the Globgogabgalab, why wouldn't you want to read it]

The song of birds, those survived dinosaurs, is always a reminder to Grog D채ner that monsters have always existed and that the ones he's found are just hangovers of a massive evolutionary party that moved far past midnight until that meteorite police came to stop them. The deceptive peace of the forest was a perpetual discomfort to the bombastic city-went cryptozoologist, lined by spiked trees, the cool wind of the midwest and its accompanying howl - the airy wolf call of a pack gone wandering into the mysterious nowhere, split into negative claws through the Fir and into the warm lungs of the counter-surveilling Bigfoot. He hides here, Grog is sure and when Grog is sure, the full force of academia, media and nuts is at his disposal. Yet, here he stands alone in a forest. He is the fiery haired menace to disbelief with a penchant for success.

 He is a university man, with an impeccable record for disproving the scepticism of incredible beliefs. An inspiration to explorative boys (not the kind you're thinking of, younger than that and a little less 'introspective'), slack-jawed yokels with their Alex Jones print-outs (someone who, despite his complete lack of sense, Grog will eventually demonstrate to be completely right about everything he ever said) and, of course, the department of anthropology at Midwestern State University who have hired him to embark on this journey. Their unwavering commitment safe despite the wave of disappointment, fears dispelled by a dismissive wave of his calloused hands.

  Those hands have done a lot. Too much for one man to be believed. Equum Cornutum, the horny horse, grandsire of those fearful warriors ridden by riders of the great wars. Found in Antartica of all places, they were stronger than their modern day relatives - eight foot tall at average, and many more legs stronger (but not in quantity, just quality) they could trample a man without touching him, just by the strong gusts forced through the path of their gallop. Horny is not so bad a description, they bred their way out of extinction: that spike, a new form of pubescent unscently genital, the preferred penis of that horse (which was promised to be far more pleasurable to the scientists Grog presented it to, one of which, Prof. Jameson tried to hide his own wish to one day have a horn of his own - something which, when he eventually admitted to his wife, led to his eventual complete sexual seclusion at her request) the problem was that there was no way to breed with that horn and so, as their behaviour began to change, their neotenous children left them for better pastures and warmer climates.

 He found it on his own, years spent on his own, growing food in Antartica (people still aren't really sure how he even did this) farming it, resisting the cold. Truth be told he had found there a secret Nazi outpost, fracking oil, an open casket skele-Hitler decorating the main building. These men, war criminals, fed and watered him and he was duty bound to hold by oath the secrecy of their remaining. Yes, he was the best adventurer. He managed to find even those winter beasts, the most feared creatures of the 1900s with their master vampire, who suckled from the tit of the Mother Germany (many say she's a father, but this, Grog argued in his thesis, was a falsity) secretly biting her slowly, like a frog in a frying pan, and drawing blood from her Republic, removing slowly her people and spreading his influence across the globe. Yes, Hitler was a vampire - Grog just knew it. Did he mean this literally, or metaphorically? It didn't matter, it suited the matter of each follower from any demographic equally well for him to simply never clarify. In the end, only the Nazis and their horsy neotonous children were offended, and they couldn't really say much - especially as Grog knew where they lived.

Yes, fairies, faeries (they are incredible different), drakes, dragons, wyverns, coelacanths, coeliacs (that was a cool one), even the French! All these mythologies proven either true, or once true. Some of them, by his perfect understanding of physics, chemistry and biology, his highly-evolved understanding of evolution, Grog even published proofs of their future existence. Yes, he was doing so well. He truly was a champion. A champion... yes... then, and really he does need to ask himself this... how the fuck has he not found Bigfoot? He tried literally everything that's ever worked. It felt useless, completely depressing - nothing worked for this man - like his passion, his fire-hair had turned to ash and his ambition slowly, once strong like the muscular sinew that kept him together, now pliant and torn by time like the skin that sagged beneath his eyes. Massive scale excavations were a favourite but no such bones were found. Occasionally rumours would circulate and strange Ape-like sounds were aped around the area - all of them false, stupid or stupidly-false. He couldn't get a single lead...

 Apart from that special day... In the Dark Forest, the same one where he discovered the book-lover, glutton of knowledge the Globgogabgalab and slew it in the sweet righteous name of Jesus Christ, his body disappearing into unwordy sludge and the only remains were some frantic blurry pictures Grog improvised on his Nokia Brick (these were accepted without a single hitch), he and his graceful side-kick Greg, and his Swedish girlfriend Gr채g, went missing in the forest. Grog stalked it like a sniffer hound, smelling something fishy - the sign of a Sasquatch, much like the bear (which they evolved from, so says Prof. Jameson, intercoursed with a man, everyone knows this.) A scream in the woods and the blood curdled where it ran through veins in sprinting legs blurring through the trees and tearing grass from its roots killing it where it once stood and returning it to its birthplace, livingplace and deathplace. Fondled by the massive hands of clawy King Kong, Grog pulled out his rifle and went all Donkey Kong on Bigfoot's Ass and also his Big Fucking Foot (he wanted to see if it would pop as it looked swollen...like plastic) oh shit, that's no Squatch-scream, that's a man's scream. That's Greg! The colossal fuck-mouthed-cunt-sucker. Gr채g, now in genuine shock, turned to help her beloved moronic boyfriend, bleeding out all over her soon-to-be haemophobe skin, blanched sediment-snow dyed vermillion in a layered reapers-spectrum, death-rainbow like the sliced Grand Canyon where Grog discovered the World Serpent, Jormungandr, and what a discovery it was...NO! Pay attention, there's time for that later.

Silence. Blackness. Light. Looking back up from the ground surrounded by a great ringing, the punished solider pulled himself from the ground. What a force had pulled him from his feet to the ground, his hairy body bruised by some power. Grog, muddied on the ground, stared up at the bleeding Greg and the terrified Gr채g as a real Squatch had pulled up, pouting lips making sounds like gunshots (it's mating call, shit!) the smell returned to his nose and salmon odor permeated the deadened air, like atmosphere turned to stone - the wolf-air was nowhere to be heard and their running no longer felt in the stillness of their hearts. Attacking the poor girl and kidnapping his sidekick, Grog watched a true loss of two lives today. Hiding it all from the guard: "They just made off into the night", no evidence was left - even though he searched for it. Evidence of any sort, mystically, real - actual regardless of truth always appeared to him and yet this, that he truly needed to find was completely gone. Pieces of them torn from his whole, threatening his own peace taken by a creature stronger in deception that Grog ever was in the guile of discovering untruths instantiated in our wasteland Earth of impossibility. It deadened him - fuelled his then obsession. He'd already been at this for 5 years, and now... 5 years later, was he really willing to just give it up here? 

...No. The wind-howl continued, and so did the hounding search of the dogged pup.
