The Metgrurian Science Council looked in abject horror at the holoscreen in front of them. They had been monitoring the bipedal primates for some time now, though "Some time" in Metgrurian was a vague term, as the mostly metallic bipedals themselves had lifespans of Planets not people, making their sense of time somewhat distorted, as people would come to learn. Lorn was the first to speak "D-did that ship just... go FTL?" Cartos and the Chairman looked from eachother to Lorn and nodded "All indications seem to say so" The Chairman said with an uncertain tone to his sonorous voice "But... that's impossible right? I mean, it took the probes we sent to their system som 54.320 rotations to get there? did we at least get a reading of where they are going?" She asked, her voice sonorous like the chairmans, but faster paced. 

Cartos stared at the last transmission the probe had sent "Here... They're coming here" Cartos said, his voice low and meek "But why?" He never got a reply  as alarms wailed around them and a voice sounded from their computer "Unknown Interstellar Entity registered on the outskirts of the system, ETA 2.44 Giorns" Lorn looked to Cartos and the Chairman "T-they're really here? the silly primates did it... what did we do wrong?"

The Crew of the UNSC Chimaera stared at the world they were now orbiting in sheer awe. Around the planet was an artificial ring with traffic coming to and from the ring via 8 towers on the planet, that sat in a massive artificial trench so the ring could move with planetary rotation. Darian Tehrani, geologist and architect stared down at the massive buildings, blinking constantly, pinching his cheek even slapping himself to ensure he wasn't dreaming. He turned his head slightly and looked at the Captain "Captain... tell me I'm dreaming... because we couldn't do that... I mean... look at that fucking thing" He whistled a bit as the Captain nodded. Hans Joseph Stein was a man of science first and foremost, it was HIS name that sat on the plaque on the Drive, it was his name that was written in all the history books back home. A startled yelp brought Hans back from his egotistical musings "We're... being hailed sir" his communications officer, the only known human on the Crew, the humanoid robot simply named Athena said. Sam liked Athena, she was equal part curious and thoughtful, and it helped to have an unshackled AI on board who could do emergency calculations. 

"On speaker Athena" Hans said as his whole crew gathered before the camera at the comms station "Greetings Crew of the UNSC Chimaera, my name is Yorn Troleq, I am Chairman of the Metgrurian Science Council. We monitored your departure from your home syste.." Before he could say anything else Hans spoke up "Yeah, because we wanted you to, see we saw that little probe of yours 244 years ago and thought "That doesn't look like no asteroid" So we started monitoring it, like you were monitoring us, we found that it didn't particularly like solar storms, that it took a few hours for the internals to recover from the EMP, so we've been using that time to test out some things. True a lot of lives were lost, true it was probably pretty petty of us to just wanna go straight to the source. But let me tell you one thing bub, you don't send no probe into our solar system and then not tell us" Hans said as the Chairman began to speak again "Wait, how many people?" He asked, referring to the number of casualties "9422 brave men and women gave up their lives so we could have FTL, every was a stepping stone to get closer, they all knew the risks, they all signed up anyway" The metalic face with it's 8 eyes, 4 "ears" and mouth slit didn't change, but the tone of the voice of the being who spoke did "You... sacrificed nearly 10 thousand of your own people just to come see us... Why?" The sonorous voice had taken on a saddened tone and Hans felt sorry for the being he was talking to "You've seen Earth... no doubt you've seen Earth... We need a new home... and we thought, well we thought if we just showed ourselves capable of going faster than light, you would come help us"

Lorn looked at the chairman as he spoke, and saw that the back of his neck was rusting slightly, the rust peeling off and falling to the ground behind him. Lorn couldn't imagine the grief the older Metgrurian was feeling. It had been on his insistence that the Science council had made no contact with the humans, even after the unified and peace fell over their world, even during the Stormy Age. Lorn's mother had pleaded with him to let them contact the humans to provide at least some form of aid, but he had declined. 

Now, now he was directly responsible for the deaths of almost ten thousand people because he didn't want to disrupt their technological development "I have given you clearance to land, as soon as you enter the atmosphere, we'll have a pair of skimmers bring you down safely. We have a lot to talk about" 