I went to the supermarket to re-stock my noodle supplies. I'm a college kid doing a part-timer job to make ends meet,  noodles are my salvation. They are cheap, unhealthy and tasty if you find the 'one' flavour.

Today, was the day. The fateful day where everything began. The gears were already turning before even the primordial existence was born. I'm nothing more than a drop of the ocean. Negligible. Useless in the grand of scheme. Even being labelled 'zero' already enough to make me feel appreciated enough.

Despite how low I think of myelf is, I believe I was born with a gift. A useless gift. Well, not really. Like a bazooka in the hand of a baby, it's useless. But in the hand of a military veteran, it is a weapon of mass destruction.

Unless I work as a spy in a foreign country, a homicide detective or anything that involves identity recognition skill... It is completely useless.

'Then why don't you work as a spy then?', you ask?

Well, first I don't have the mentality to be a spy nor do I want to be one. Living a life in constant fear of getting shot, hanged or stoned to death is simply a nightmare. I rather die of polio.

I can tell of people's names the second I meet them.

Imagine if you meet someone on the street and they suddenly called out your name. A total stranger, never seen them in your life before, not even in your dreams. How would you feel? Don't know about you but I'm gonna be creeped out.

I'm not that handsome. So if someone stalked me I'm pretty sure something is very wrong with them.

How did I get this gift?

I would like to know as well.

Anyway, I went to this supermarket real close to my apartment (shack) and bought my noodle supplies. Everything went well until I met this dude. At a glance people would say, 'he's lookin' good' and continued on their lives.

But not me.

You see, I accidentally dropped my plastic bags and my noodle packs scattered on the sidewalk. Being caught buying tons of noodles is already embarrasing enough, being seen buying and dropping them is something else. It was then this man came and helped me putting all the noodle packs.

He said, "are you okay?" And I was like, "yeah, thanks bro- uhh..." It was then I knew... I knew that fate has something stored for me. It can't be anything nice though, too good to be true.

My gift activated and his real name echoed in my mind.



Felailype.


This dude with a nice beard and pomade hair has such an odd name. What did his parent smoked when they gave birth to him? How do I pronounced it again? Fey-lay-lee-pey? Fey-layl-pee? Fell-aye-lee-pee??

My brain short circuited for a moment and He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named was named.

"Feylaylypee...?"

The pandora's box was opened. With his eyes bulged and his jaw slacked, he dropped my noodle packs while trembling.

Oh shit, I thought. I called somebody's name 'pee'. I stained his precious name. There's no mercy to spare for this noodle man.

I thought of picked up my things and make a run for it, but the word he uttered glued my legs to the floor.

"Nobody has called me by that name in centuries."

"Huh?"

"No, it's not centuries, it was million years ago when we first landed on earth."

"What the..."

"My brother!! You have survived all this time!! I was alone, everyone I knew left me one by one!! I never thought I will meet another Felailype!!"

He dropped to his knees with tears flowing down his cheeks.

I mumbled to myself, 'so it is pronounced Feylaylypee...' Wait, no this isn't the time.

He must be pulling my leg, I'm not sure if there's someone hiding in the corner over there with a camera, waiting for his chance to say 'This is a prank bro!! Just a prank!!', but I'm pretty bad at this kind of stuff.

I gotta move before things get anymore awkward.

"Uhh, yes bro... Feylaylypee, I gotta head back home right now. I'm pretty hungry. See ya."

"No wait wait wait!! Aren't you surprised!?? Aren't you happy!?!? There's probably no more of us left!! They all died because of disease human caused from the wars!! They even started to kill their own race by stop vaccinating their own kin!! We both are probably the only one left!!"

Shit. This dude is attracting to many attention. This is bad for my health.

"Yeah. I totally agree with you there, uhh... Maybe we can talk about history and politics some other time. Now I'm really hungry. So..."

"Huh??? Aren't you curious how I got this far? How I survived?"

"Well, everyone have their own story I guess, but like I said, now is a bad time. Um, bye!"

I couldn't hold it anymore and just made a run for it. I glanced behind my back and saw his figure chasing me, waving his hand.

"Stop following me dammit!"

"Wait! Where are you going!? We might never meet again you know!?"

"That's fine by me!"

I was too busy running away that I didn't realize a car just brushed past me. That was close! Just a bit more and I would've-

Boom!!

Splatt!!!

I heard a crash from behind. I saw Feylaylypee smashed away by a ferrari and hit a pole with his head. Blood and pieces of meat flew everywhere.

I gaped.

Everything within 10 metres of him were stained with red.

Screams of pedestrian entered my right ear and left through the other. I blanked out but I kept running. In fact I ran even faster as if my live depend on it.

This is a nightmare.

I just met him 2 minutes ago!!

He died!! Bam!! Like that and it was over!!

In that moment I knew. The impact of my action, the consequences... A simple and silly gift has caused someone to lose his life. There was no meaning in his death. There was no purpose. The last Feylaylypee just died in a car crash, chasing after a random citizen.

The secret of human history spanning millions of years was forever lost because of a broke college kid spouting random bullshit.