He doesn’t remember his birthday.  What a strange thing to forget, one’s birthday, but forget he has.  How many days has he walked this planet?  He can’t be certain, he can’t even fathom a guess.  Time is a strange thing.  One thing we all have in common with this strange idea is that we know that one day, today or tomorrow or some dreadful day still decades yet to come, our time will be up.  He does not share this knowledge for him the day is irrelevant as there have been countless and will be countless more.  The people who pass him on the street spit on him, call him filth, mock him.  Some are kind, but most are not.  He doesn’t begrudge them any.  He has seen entire civilizations rise and fall and the one thing he knows for certain is that a society truly is judged by how it treats its lowest members.  To say he is low is an understatement.  He has brothers and sisters that have used their gifts of enduring life to make themselves rich, successful, even famous but this was never the path for Eason.  He wanted only to learn and watch and experience.  He has done all of these things and then some. 
 
“Spare some change for a lowly tramp ma’am?”
“Get a job you fucking bum, some of us work for a living!”

“Yes, ma’am but in doing so you live in a closed loop that could barely be called living, I am just hungry is all, please…spare a dollar or two?” 

“Hmph, I cam calling the police if you are here when I return bum, now fuck off!”

“So be it, have a nice day ma’am.”

And so, Eason moved along.  He didn’t need to eat of course, all of the money he received went to various places around town that catered to hungry children and other charities.  He panhandled because he could, that is what he WANTED to do.  So very few people do exactly what they want.  There simply is never enough time in their limited lifespans to do so.  Eason knew this better than most. He had climbed mountains, seen exotic jungles, been to the top and bottom of the world, and been in more than a few jails which is why he decided to move along when he did.

“Oh well, he remarked to no one in particular, it is almost time again isn’t it…”

“You know Eason, the offer still stands.”

“Is that you Maric old girl? It HAS been awhile hasn’t it?”

A regal looking woman appeared almost out of thin air next to Eason.  From afar this looked almost like an ethereal queen addressing a haggard looking leper.

“The time is coming once again Eason; these people will never learn.  How many more times will we need to do hard resets like the impending event that Farox and the others have set in motion? When will we get through to them Eason? Why do you still choose exile?”

“I don’t have the answers to any of your questions Maric, all I know is that I like being among them more than I like being among you.  At least they have some perspective.  All you and the others have is spite and rage.  Home world isn’t coming back, no matter what you do here all that is ever accomplished in the end is the eradication of a species so that you can begin anew only to fail over and over.  I am tired Maric, I just want to sleep.  To end the endless cycle of death and despair.  Take it from me Maric, please. End it, I beg you.”

“Oh Eason, dear, stupid, Eason. You know as well as I that it can never end so long as one of us walks this miserable little ball of mud.  You are either going to have to come to your senses or continue to…exist, if that is what you wish to call…this.  Until that day we will be waiting, watching, plotting, and planning.  This world will come to heel, it’s inhabitants, be it reptilian or mammalian, will come to be as we demand it.  We will be in touch Eason, until then, enjoy the show.  The days are getting warmer no? it is only a matter of decades now.”

The figure named Maric chuckled “they did all of this to themselves faster than any previous group before them.  They are becoming exceedingly good at killing themselves.”

She turned to leave as quickly as she arrived. Eason slunk back onto a wall and asked no one in particular “One day it will be different, of that I am sure. There is no hurry however, days are a thing I am in no short supply of.”
The man waked a few blocks before sitting on a curb.  A man dressed in a business suit passed by Eason and gave him a sneer “Get off the street you homeless piece of shit.” Eason sighed deeply and moved along, confident that at least the people who deserved what was coming would get theirs, even if everyone else had to as well.

EDIT: my first submission. It is rough and riddled with issues I am sure but I really want to write so please, crush me if need be so that I can be better. Thanks.