*I followed him because... well he was over 8 feet tall, and I didn't want to know what would happen if I didn't. I accepted the fact that I was going to hell as soon as I joined the Mafia. As a member of the  Mafia, killing, deceiving, and threatening the lives of others was what came with the job, and I knew my past track record wasn't going to get me to Heaven.*

*I've been in some pretty terrible situations, so I was pretty confident that the day I would be sent to Hell, I was ready for whatever was coming for me. I got stabbed in the back by my son-of-a- bitch nephew, not because I was a bad uncle, but because he wanted to become boss, and I had to be dead for that to ever happen. As I bled out on the street, not much went through my mind until I woke up to Lucifier himself, staring me down very, very aggressively.*

"So Frank, I know in your past life, people from all walks of life have given Hell a bad rep, the Lucifer stated as he guided Rico through the gates of Hell.

Now I totally understand how this place might not be meant for everyone... but you must ask yourself if you would really want to spend eternity with those booooooring people that pray all the time, thank god for everything that happens to them, and always judge you for the person you are.Me and you Frank, we aren't like them.You lived your life doing what you wanted to do, not worrying about what the man above might witness. Luckily for you, the man below," as he pointed both of his red thumbs at himself, "has been watching you very intently... You my friend have earned your spot here in Hell, so let me show you what we got to offer."

"Uhm but... the Lucif..." Frank muttered before the Lucifer cut him off,

"Ayy Frank, you don't need to call me 'The Lucifer" as he yelled it in a very dramatically deep voice... "just call me Lou."

Frank tried again and asked "Alright... Lou, so is there actually stuff to do down here or are we just going to stand by this lake of fire and talk for eternity?"

Lou smirked as a speed boat made of swimming men in Nazi uniforms, with a plaform attached to their backs, pulled up to the dock.

"Is that Hitler doggy paddling in the back of the... boat? Or raft? Or whatever this is?" Frank asked.

"Hey Frank, there's something you're going to learn about Hell... Yes, all bad people get sent down here, but I only punish the ones that were actually really really messed up. If you masturbated a couple of times, I don't think you should get the same treatment as a group of guys that killed millions of innocent people. You had a job to do, Frank, yea you killed people, but you did it to feed your family and supply for your friends. That's respectable. Hitler on the other hand, I just make him and his buddies power my boat with their swimming abilities for eternity. Pretty messed up right!"

As Frank and Lou drove down the lake, Frank was encapsulted by the bars, clubs, and upbeat atmosphere that populated the land on both sides of him.

"Here Frank, I present you with the City Of Hades. My greek counterpart sure had an eye for a good time, and this place is the result."

"Hey Lou, how big is this place?" Frank asked while looking around in total awe.

"It goes on for miles and miles, even I haven't gone from one side to the other. We got a lot of people to fit down here. There's no rules here. No government, no laws, and no social structure. Everyone is just focused on having a good time, free from judgement."

They pulled up to a building right on the lake. On the outside, "Al's Place" was written in faded letters. As Lou opened the door, Frank went from confused to in total awe...

Bright lights, blaring jazz music, beautiful women and dapper men crowded the whole place.

"This here is a speakeasy Frankie, I know alcohol consumption is legal, but some of these souls didn't have that priviledge back in their day, so they decided to recreate the secret clubs they grew used to up there... down here. But before I let you go on your own Frank, I just gotta introduce you to the owner of this joint."

Lou and Frank walked single file through the crowded club. women looked at Frank in a way he dreamed women would. They were handed countless shots, drugs and other stimulants, but as they reached the bar, Frank again, was in shock.

"Hey Al, this here is Frank, he was in the Mafia, died just a day ago, thought you would know a thing or two about showing this kid a good time."

"Of course Lou, I always like having a new member of the brotherhood down here. Hey Frank, My name's Al, but you might know me better as Al Capone, pleasure having you down here... you drink?"