"Dad are clouds candy?" My curious little son asked as we strolled across the park.

"No son, they are water. You see what happens high in the atmos\-\-"

"Dad, what are Earth's defense systems." My curious little son interrupted me, but I let him because\-\-

Wait. I don't have a son. I laughed and looked at the boy, his eyes now obsidian black. I felt like I was coming down from a drug. I remembered thinking my coffee tasted funny.

"What is the defense system father."

He was trying to tell me something. I knelt down and stared into his eyes. I could now see the subtle distortions in his face. He wasn't human, but looked damn like one. It was an Andromedan, a species that claimed they came all the way from the Andromeda galaxy in search of a new home. When they found Earth they were not expecting a fight. We didn't defeat them properly, but narrowly chased them off. We expected them to come back.

"Why are you here?" I asked in a commanding voice.

"What is the defense system."

"What?" I asked genuinely.

His lips quivered. His eyes became larger.

"Father, what is the defense system."

It was a statement, not a question. *WHAT is the defense system.*

"What?" I asked again, this time with purpose.

He convulsed and hissed. A long tongue came out and flicked about in the air.

I stood, "WHAT?" I yelled. "WHAT? WHAT? WHAT? WHAT?"

It started breaking out of it's human disguise. Slimy, scaled tentacles shot out where arms and legs were. A long head burst through the body, the boy's face was swallowed into a gaping maw. I cupped my hands around my mouth and yelled as loudly as I could, burning my lungs, "WHAAAAAAAT!"

The creature was now a twisted mess of alien and human, writing and convulsing violently. It let out a high pitched screech and its entire body vibrated until it exploded in a mess of dark colored goop, scales, and soft meat. I fell onto my ass, panting. Some panicked parents picked up their kids and ran screaming from the park. I knew what I had to do, return to the Department of Defense and inform them of what happened. What I didn't understand is why this particular Andromedan had disclosed their weakness to us.