I don't remember how I started it all it has been so long. I don't think I'm a human. I think I'm something else but I don't know what it is. I bleed probably. I have to eat. The food makes my body keep going but I don't know what would happen if I stopped eating I tried to once and was eating a bird or something with feathers before I could get that far so my experiment ended. I hide with the humans because I need them. For a while I would just take the things I needed from them – from you, I'm sorry sometimes it is hard to remember that you aren't... anyway –  then I learned a better way. I learned about how to make the Box.

I just make a deal and they put the masks inside the box and it lets me keep hiding a bit longer. But I usually get greedy and wear the mask that I get from humans pretty fast. The sad things were the ones that people would give me when I would ask. Which was nice because it let me feel something. I hate that emptiness when I don't get the feelings. I imagine that's what death would be like but I don't know because I've never been dead. I tried to see what would happen if I stopped eating the feelings but it got... messy. Messier than the time with the bird when I tried not to eat. And people would swing sticks at me when I didn't have a mask on so I had to keep doing it or they would hurt me.

The masks I would get were usually made of the bad stuff people didn't like. They called them "sadness" and "loneliness" Which I was okay with because people got to pick the masks they wanted to give me and I guess they picked the bad stuff to get rid of because who wouldn't, right?

Until that day. 

I had a job at a place I don't know if you've heard of them it is called a... Supermarket? I put boxes of food on the shelves and sometimes when people aren't looking I take some for myself not so many that people would notice I'm good at staying hidden just enough to eat. I sleep in the back after everyone leaves. I'm pretty good at staying quiet.

Anyway, I was at my job at the Supermarket and this lady came up and she was sad. I knew what that meant. It meant that maybe I could get some of the mask that she would want to get rid of and put it in my box. I think that people maybe wear black so that I can find them I haven't had anyone tell me for sure that's why but I think that's what happens. So I followed the lady home. I could smell the sadness on her and so I snuck into her house at night and talked to her while she slept.

We had a long conversation. She touched the Box and put the food in it. 

The Box smelled weird, though. I don't know what was going on with it. I had never had it smell like that before. I thought it was maybe broken and I would have to make another one. And that was sort of scary, I think? I had never had it break on me before though so I had no idea how long it was supposed to last. I took it home though and in my house when I opened it and put on the new feelings Mask for the first time...

My face did this thing. I don't know if your face has ever done this thing. It, like, my mouth went up? Do you know what that's called? It felt weird. I thought the box was broken though. I thought the lady in black had tricked me. So I just went to bed. I had enough of the other stuff from the last person that I would be able to hide with that box Mask.

The next morning when I woke up it felt weird, though. I couldn't stop myself from putting on the broken feelings from the lady in black again. I was worried that someone would see me and that usually means that I had to leave the places that I was and I didn't like that. But I couldn't take it off. I didn't want to take it off. So instead I went to work in the Supermarket again and hoped for the best.

And then the people I worked with did something they've never done before. They talked to me. It was like they could actually see me which was weird because usually people don't see me I think? I almost screamed but the broken box Mask kept me from doing it and the parts of my mouth that went up stayed up the entire time that they talked to me. I didn't know how words worked then, though. Usually people just let me slip past. I tried to think of the words that people would use when I had heard them before but it was too soon after trying on this new feelings mask.

That feeling of not knowing made me eat through the feelings mask a LOT faster than normal. My hiding almost went away and the other masks were in the box which was in my room which was really far away. I almost ran to get it but then I realized the people talking didn't seem to mind. Especially the girl that worked there. She smelled really good. Sort of like the feelings box did after the lady in black had given me the mask. It made me almost dizzy. But I liked it the same way that I liked the feeling of new food. I decided it was a good thing.

Everything seemed like that feeling of new food. Like cookies I had once eaten. The day seemed really bright when before everything was just dark and gray.

That night most of that feeling was gone. I had to wear the old masks. Which made me realize how horrible they were. The lady in black had tricked me. She must have known what I was somehow even though most of the time people forget. Maybe she had given me a mask before. 

So that night I went to speak to her again. Though when she was sleeping like before. She told me about how she had lost something called a wife. That this wife was the thing that made her really happy. That the wife had to fight some monster called cancer. And the night before she had let me take away some of these things called memories of that wife to make it easier on her. We decided that feelings masks must be made of those things called memories. I had never bothered to ask someone what the mask was because I was usually really worried about people coming and finding me when I was taking new masks. 

She did the thing with her lips where she bent them up. I asked her what it was. She said it was a smile. I asked for more of the thing she called happy and she said no. Which was okay. I didn't know how to get that feeling from the things she called memories anyway. I couldn't force it.

The next day I went back to my job at the Supermarket. They all looked like they forgot me. And I could feel that memory of the day before of the feeling like cookies and the smell of the girl that worked in the store going away and it was getting harder to bring it back. I didn't want that to happen.

So I made a new box. A special one. 

This box lets me take whatever memory I want to make a mask out of. I usually take them all and sort them out later because that's easier and I'm not very good at it yet. I found out that when I do this to people too many times though they turn into a thing like I was. Well, am. Which is bad I think. But I'm not going to be that mean to you. I'm going to help you I think. Or maybe I'll kill you like the others. The more of the happy feelings I get the stronger I get and the easier it is to do things like that. It makes the memories fade a little faster but that's okay. 

The girl that worked at the supermarket was named Stephanie by the way. She was the first person to use the special new box. I wish I hadn't I think.

Anyway, I see you're about to go to the sleepy place in the thing I've realized is called a chair in the back of the Supermarket. You shouldn't feel bad about this, probably. I don't know. I've never died.