"Hot chocolate with whipped cream and a blueberry scone, please."

"$4.59."

"Thanks."

I pick up my drink from the counter and sit down at a nearby table by the window. They always make it too hot, but with this hellish snowstorm outside I think I'll sit here and drink it slowly, warm myself up before heading out.

I watch as people struggle by outside and grimace when I remember I'll be joining them soon enough. One man, wearing a long, dark coat, pushes the door open and walks in, shaking the snow off his boots. I'm not normally one to stare, but this guy... There is something *off* about him. I don't know what it is - he's dressed normally, walks normally, all that, but he strikes me as weird somehow.

I shake my head and move my attention back to my rapidly cooling hot chocolate. It's just about the perfect temperature, so I start sipping at it. Ah, that really warms you up.

"Jack Stevens?"

I look up. It's the man from before, in the dark coat.

"Um, can I help you?" I ask. Not every day you get weirdos who know your name walking up to you in Starbucks.

"I have a message for someone you're going to meet that I'd like you to relay," he answers, reaching into his pocket. He pulls out a sealed envelope that looks like it's a hundred years old - yellow paper, a red wax seal, the works.

"A... message? Why do I need to give it to them - why can't you?"

"If I could, I wouldn't be asking you. Now, you'll find the recipient of this message in New York, on April 14th, 2070~"

"Hold on just a minute, man. 2070? New York? What are you talking about? Why are you sending a message to someone in 2070? How do you even know they'll be there? And why me?" I'm seriously weirded out by this guy... but I also want an explanation.

"Oh, hell," he mutters. "I arrived too early, I guess. Stupid machine, never puts me where I want." He stands up and puts the letter back in his pocket.

"Oh no you don't. You're explaining everything you just said. How am I supposed to give a letter to someone in 2070? Tell me!"

"You're not ready to know about that yet!" he exclaims. "It'll all make sense in time, I promise," and with that he rushes out the door.

Hell to the no, I'm not letting this guy leave without explaining what he's talking about. I follow him quickly, and see him turn into a dark alley.

And yet, as I round the corner, I already know what my eyes tell me a moment later: the man is gone, and the letter with him. Vanished as if into thin air.

I walk slowly back into the shop, pondering what had just happened. Annnnnnd my hot chocolate's gone cold. Great.