"I don't understand it.. I saved this city from hell at least a dozen times. When Jason Madison planted bombs in every public school it was due to my awesome power that no one died. When that Jane Doe was going around strangling infants and pushing them around in strollers it was me who found her and stopped her,  got her the help she needed which led to her becoming secretary of state. 

"When Brian Wilcox aka "The Terminator" was terrorizing the city wearing bullet proof body armor it was due to my greatness  that he was stopped. 

"Then all these wannabes and imitators start cropping up, just to get thumbs up on YouTube and upvotes on reddit because they were in a video with me. Finally I had enough. I left. Temporarily. And when I come back I'm told there is a million dollar bounty on my head. 

"For what? I didn't make these people do what they did. A bunch of little shits who think being in the presence of greatness is "hilarious" or "oh em gee this guy is so random". Hearing snickers behind my back. Having things thrown at the back of my head. I had enough. So I left. Took a break. Took some *me time*. 

"But it wasn't worth it. Apparently a few weeks of being away and suddenly everyone thinks that I'M responsible for all these heinous crimes. I would never strangle a baby. I would never try to blow up children. I would never go on a shooting spree in Times Square. 

"Manhattan is a great place. There's a place for everyone from the bottom of the barrel crazies to the richest and most elite."

"Did you ever make an attempt to cover up your crimes?"

"They weren't my crimes! I stopped these people! I saved the city! For crying out loud, I made Hilary Clinton into what she is today! How dare you accuse me of such atrocities? I am Dr. Awesome!"

"Okay, thank you David. I think I have enough."

*********

"We the people, find David Ray Louis GUILTY of 27 counts of murder. 7 counts of Arson. 18 counts of Attempted arson. And 5 counts of Conspiracy to commit an act of terrorism. May god have mercy on your soul."

*********

"Ha! Stupid mortals. This was all a part of my plan. I wanted to come here. It was all part of my master plan. Let's see how much they hate me when I kill all of New York's worst criminals!"

"Shut the fuck up, retard."

"Okay, sorry." 