The story of my time and my world...
There are warehouses FULL of bodies in all manner of age and appearance. 100 years ago people were savage beasts. They caused chaos mayhem panic with no thought of peace or restitution. All these people in all these warehouses. Thousands of warehouses holding a million people each. 

This old style of prison system is barbaric as the times were. Women sent here for stealing food. Men sent here for not paying their bills. The audacity of such a life waste. Mortallity at its worst. 

Thank heaven that the purge happened and the catalyst machine ended the people running afoul of any decent and honest attempt. Before even that time there are stories of people taking lives or worse. I cannot fathom the dichotimy of it all. Fabels for children surely. Storys to scare anyone willing to be put thru the effect. 

Society has evolved. Those who are unworthy of life ... The very life they were blessed with and then squandered are taken and their sins abaited. Their bodys put in a coolant tank while every facet of the sins theyve committed are pulled via the catalyst machine. Then their body's are purged of the soul inhabiting it. Wretched things are sucked out as a part of the purge. 

Before this peace their memories of the crimes only were taken. Then they spent time in jail for their sins. 100 years ago No-mar Valesk figured out how to use the catalyst machine to wipe every memory. His associate Rhal Dodrin made the god effect discovery. Rhal learned how to pinpoint the human soul and destroy it. Together they became the Conquest. With them the great purge. 

All those people who were wasted lives lost their life but their bodies were left behind. In the conquest it was also proven once you pulled the soul out of an entity you could put it in an purged vacuale or put another soul in that one so long as the soul is kept intact. Warehouses were built where the bodies were stored in cryo effect stacked up. 

The haven nirvana that came out of this has meant control of population. The only ones to procreate at all are the judge class who were the elite rich...and the sacram class which were the medically trained. You cannot give life to young or be given a new life unless you prove your dedication to the conquest. The rest of the world lives on thru A.L husbandry. We have surely been blessed to live to see such a time. 
Every person found valued and is given over to a new purged host is in effect living immortally. 

The reality of a hidden hell...
Now if these people only knew the 'truth and rhetoric' they spout isnt the utopia they force everyone left to believe. Its the 10th level of hell where we all wait and abide for death or insanity to finally catch up. 

Who am I? I am the great grand daughter of No-mar and Rhal. The only whole person left in the world I think. There is a task sent down thru time to me. Am I up to it? Im not sure. Will I get it done? I have to. There is no room for failure.  I'm the last human child born on earth. No one else in 35 years has been born. The sacram and the judge classes have been passed along for so many generations in place of birth. They pass on to new bodies until it wears out them pass in again. 

Tonight has to be it. Either way I die. The frozen purged bodies have been safe in cryo tanks. The system has to be utterly destroyed and the bodies incapable of being used. With it the catalyst machine needs to ended. The judge class knows where I am. They have been getting closer with every sabatoged attempt I've made. 

I can hear them as they search the last warehouse systems. Why did it have to come to this? He made the machine to punish the guilty and give peace.of mind to the victims...something they both knew all too well. She wanted to find a way to let her, let their, dying child live again. 

As a result an aborted humanity. Tonight has to be the night. And my enemies are on the verge of finding me....if only I had more time to.......