**Crash!** 

I sighed. 

Some days I just couldn't believe I'd ever thought it'd be a good idea to adopt not one, or two, or even three, but four girls. 

Years ago, when I was younger and dumber, I was riding the wave of good fortune. Having made millions in the stock market, and then taking that money and investing it in start-ups that made it to the big leagues, well I was living the dream! Except for one thing. 

I'd always wanted a family. 

Being rich and famous, I didn't exactly have an amazing time with the dating scene. Marriage was out of the question as any time I even alluded to a prenuptial, my soon-to-be ex-girlfriend disappeared. 

So, I took some of my earnings, slipped quietly out of the spotlight and adopted four little girls. Not all at once, don't be ridiculous! 

My first girl I adopted was an absolute darling. Connie used to be such an angel. The only problem was, that like most kids she seemed to bring sickness with her wherever she went. She was always fine but anyone who wasn't me or any of her friends got mysteriously sick. I used to blame her unwashed hands touching everything. 

Having handled one girl readily enough, the next girl I adopted was the first of my rescue adoptions. 

Farah was neglected by her birth mother. To be perfectly fair, she wasn't completely right in the head and so was in no position to take care of herself, never mind another person. Thus soon after Connie, the adoption agency got in contact with me and asked if I would terribly mind. 

Being the fool I am, I said and I quote:

"Of course not! I have the resources, what kind of monster would I be to turn someone in need down, especially a little girl?"

Oh yes, younger and dumber indeed. 

A few years later, my next girls made headlines together. 

Apparently, there was something to do with a messy divorce, a violent wife and a protective father. What made headlines was after the wife killed the husband, she tried to kill her two girls, which was her mistake. 

Bella, was a little force of nature of Kevin McAlister proportions. Since her parents were arguing more and more, and her mother was more and more violent and abusive, Bella got pretty good at hiding and enacting revenge on her mother. Next thing you know, an entire guerilla war had gone on and her mother would have lost if she hadn't gotten lucky in finding my darling Bella. 

Which brings me to my next girl, Delilah.

See, while Bella was driving their mother insane, little Delilah had somehow managed to grab a knife from the knife block, and when their mother looked about ready to kill Bella, well hell itself better fear anyone who thinks that they can hurt Delilah's sister! 

A lucky stab later, combined with a swift escape by Bella who dragged her sister out of the house, and their mother was no more. Leaving them without parents, or even relatives, and in the eyes of the media who lapped up this story of two strong girls taking on an evil mother. 

Public life is hell. 

So I took them in, quietly of course. Greasing some of the wheels inside of the major news organizations to let this story fade, as well as remove any pictures of the girls faces and any mentions of their names. 

Corrupt news media isn't so good for democracy, but for a rich guy who wants things quiet that don't progress a media narrative, you can sometimes make journalists work with you. 

So I took in my four girls, and God I love them, issues and all. If only I knew that the events surrounding them weren't coincidences. 

Fuck me. 

*A/N*

I've got a few ideas of where this can go, so if you want more just let me know. Otherwise I'm going to move onto the next prompt. Hope y'all enjoyed! 

* edit notes * 

I did do this all on my phone, so if there's any autocorrect errors, please let me know! 