I heard this thought as soon as I entered the range of its author. “I know you are listening” she said and it was innocuous enough for me to shrug it off. After all, people imagine addressing others all the time: they put their rivals in place, compose heartfelt messages to their dead loved ones, confess feelings to crushes and so on. Sometimes I flinch when people start yelling or sending death threats internally, but it never got me in trouble. This one was obviously a tail of some train of thoughts I missed so I just sat in my chair and dived into my smartphone. “I know you are listening” the voice repeated in such a desperate tone that the need to locate the source was unbearable. The waiting room was packed with people so I kinda scanned  the place with the most bored expression – doctors, nurses and sick ones with thoughts as snotty and irked with pain as they were. A stone-faced woman sat across from me and stared straight ahead in my direction with the most piercing gaze. Having smartly avoided eye contact I tried to distract myself with internet, but letters danced before my view. “Please!” there she was again “I KNOW you are hearing me”. Is she a psychic too or a mental case and it is her paranoia talking?

The pleading continued for at least half an hour already and there were no signs of stopping. Unfortunately I came here for something against my migraine and as an unregistered psychic I'd be doomed to a solid day of examination if discovered, so whatever her problem was I was determined not to respond. The only thing that bothered me was her other thoughts, those invisible to me, the images in her head; I could not discern them as inner speech because they are – duh – nonverbal, but their sheer presence was just palpable. She was imagining something that scared her to no end. “Please, please, please!” I felt a rusty nail of migraine burrowing into my right temple and groaned. “You hear me right? I know you do”.

Another hour later I was seriously contemplating a small talk just to force her into thinking about weather or Christmas vacation. Luckily the queue to my doctors was down to one person and freedom was in sight.

Suddenly that woman sprang from her seat and I almost did too before hearing  footsteps behind. A doctor approached from the depth of the corridor and gestured for her to calm down. "He is all right now” he said. And then an obvious realization hit me along with her triumphant voice again in my head “Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!”

Note: I apologize for god awful style, not a native speaker and also see my username