I surveyed the damage to my car with my eyes as I surveyed the damage to my mouth with my tongue. One crumpled hood, one tooth gone, a split lip and plenty of blood. A road sign lay bent like a tree in a hurricane. A squirrel had darted in front of me and I had chosen to sacrifice a new car and a trip to the emergency room to avoid hitting the creature. Why had I done that? As the adrenaline passed from my system I remembered somehow locking eyes with it, and noticing the tuft of white hair over one ear. The rest had been automatic. I cursed myself for poor reflexes, and spit another mouthful of blood onto to the pavement.

It was six months later that I was celebrating a friend's birthday of a Saturday night down at Checkpoint Charlie, the hip new bar with the cold war theme. The night was going well, and our group of friends had dispersed and started mingling with some of the other patrons as *The Great Dictator* was projected onto a wall nearby. I was buying a drink for a lovely nurse named Sarah and her friend, when I heard a voice from across the bar.

"What are you lookin' at?"

Somehow I could sense it was aimed at me and looked up in surprise. "I'm sorry?"

"I said, what are you lookin' at - fuckwit."

The voice came out of a neck as think as a telephone pole, sitting between a bald head and a body whose owner obviously knew a lot about the protein powder market. The rational part of my brain said, "Apologise and get out of there." The monkey part of my brain, seeing Sarah and her friend out of the corner of my eye, said "Who wants to know?" and did it with my mouth. 

Telephone Pole was in front of me in a moment, chest puffed out like a preening bird. With a drink in each hand I looked up helplessly as he stared me in the eye and smiled."What did you fucking say to me?"

"Um, nothing?" said my monkey brain.

"I'll give you nothing," said Telephone Pole and put a hand on my chest.

Before the push could come, I heard the breaking of a glass behind me. At the same time I felt a scratch on my leg. Before I could process the sensation, the scratch went from my leg to my hip, to my back and then the back of my head. I gasped and dropped the drinks, but before they hit the floor something small and grey flashed from the top of my head straight into Telephone Pole's face. 

"Aaaieeee!" he screamed and let go of me. His face was a blur of grey and red. I staggered backward and grabbed the bar as he clawed at himself. The grey blur darted away and reappeared on his shoulder. There it stopped, and once again, for the briefest possible moments, I locked eyes with a squirrel. His white ear twitched, then in a flash he disappeared inside Telephone Pole's Shirt.

"Get if off meeeee!" he wailed. With one eye heavily damaged and the other smeared with blood, Telephone Pole staggered wildly, clutching at himself but finding no purchase on the squirrel. The screams, the tearing of fabric and what I can only assume were small sonic booms caused by tiny claws combined to make a noise I will never forget. As he hit the floor and curled his arms around his head, Telephone dissolved into sobs. Once more, the squirrel stopped and looked into my eyes. Before anyone could react, he ran up a bar stool, down the bar and leapt 6 feet into the air to a window. With a twitch of the tail he was gone.

I don't know if I'll ever see my saviour again. I like to think he's out there, watching me. All I can say is I now drive slowly, keep an eye on the sides of the road, and enter bars with a swagger in my step.



