I was 24 when I died. The last thing I remember was seeing a blur out of the corner of my eye as I started moving at the green light through the intersection. The next thing I know I’m in a white hall with a simple wooden door with a sign on which was written the quote I used to get over my personal issues in life: 


“While the law has many penalties for the atrocities we inflict on others, there are no punishments for the terrors we inflict upon ourselves.”


Somewhere deep down I know that I’m not in hell. If I were, there’d be a lot more wailing and gnashing of teeth by now. I’m not in heaven yet either, otherwise someone needs to better understand the concept of “eternal bliss.” I get the feeling I’m in some sort of in-between, a waystation before I reach paradise. I also feel that I can’t stay here as somebody else is going to need to use this space as well. The only way out of this place is through that door. I turn the handle and enter the next space. 


It’s dim, with a single light with no visible source illuminating the area. I’m in a room that is probably 15’x15’. There is a table with probably 5 folding chairs. It has the feel of a police interrogation room. It’s also not quiet. The first thing I hear after closing the door is crying. Standing in the corner is my 10-year-old self, sobbing. 
“WHY THE FUCK ARE YOU STILL CRYING? YOU KNOW YOU DESERVE THIS!” shouts my 18-year-old self as he starts beating the 10-year-old me with a club. 10 cries and cowers under the blows, exasperating 18, who lifts him up and throws him against the wall. 


“STOP!” 21-year-old me joins in, stepping in between the pair. “This isn’t helping anything, and you’re only hurting yourself!”


“He’s weak! He’s stupid! He’s not worth any mercy!” 18 shouted, pushing 21 away. “Just like 17, 16, and all the others! He’s fucking worthless!” 


“He’s you, you fucking idiot!” 21 shouted back as he stayed between 18 and 10. 


“He’s you, and you’re me! You’re no better than any of the others, and you don’t see me beating you to a pulp!” 


“That’s because you’re just as spineless as the others! You’re just sitting by and letting it happen! We’re all in this room, and we’re all fucking worthless! Even 24 over there!”


21 turned and noticed me for the first time. He hesitated. I knew everything about him, but he knew nothing about me. He died when 22 was born, just as 23 arrived here when I came into being. He also knew that I wasn’t due to arrive here for another four months. “You’re early.” He said.


“Yeah, looks like it.” I replied. 


“Well, can you give me a hand? 16, 17, and 18 are still putting up a fight, and 22 and 23 are done putting up with them. 


“Fuck him!” 18 shouts as he ducks around 21 and grabs 10 by the arm. In a swift movement I hear bone crack, and 10 sends up a shriek. 

“18! Stop!” 21 shouts, taking 18 down to the floor. 10 runs away to me and buries his face into my thigh. I hold him as he shakes and sobs, his forearm bent at the wrong angle. His face is badly bruised and cuts bleed from his arms and torso. 


It breaks my heart, But I still understand 18’s fury. I also understand the exasperation of 21, 22, and 23. After all, they’re all me. 


“Hey buddy, stay behind me, okay?” I lead 10 into a corner and make him comfortable, splinting his wrist and giving him some water from the bottle on the table. He sniffles a bit. 


“I didn’t mean to! I’m sorry! I’m really really sorry!” He tries to say. “I’ll do better next time! I don’t want to hurt anymore!” 


“Hey, hey, relax. Stay here okay? It’s not your fault.” I reply. I stand and turn back to the two older versions of me, still fighting on the floor. “Both of you, stand up and cool off. This is getting us nowhere!” 


21 gives 18 a final punch to the face and stands, while 18 stands after a rest. 18’s nose is swollen and bleeding, and 21’s eye is swollen shut. 


“We have been fighting like this for over half our lives, and what has it gotten us?” I turn to 18. “You tried killing yourself twice out of hatred for us, and you,” I turn to 21. “I still got headaches from you smashing your head into a wall during one of your drinking benders. This is getting us nowhere!” 


18 turns toward 21. “You bashed your head in?” He said.


“Dealing with all of the shit from the past. You drink to forget, and when you don’t, it becomes much easier to punish yourself physically than dealing with it.” 21 replied


“And worse, you did it in front of Sarah.” I add. “And she even knows what happened, and she still loved each and every one of us.”


18 started to cry silently. 21 just looked down with a glazed over look. 


“Look. I’m here early because some asshole tore through a red light and took me out. Sarah is still down there, hurt but alive, and we made a promise to watch over her if something were to happen to us. We can’t do that if we’re stuck trying to kill each other over something that happened in the past.” 


“And how can we work past this? We can’t change what happened!” 18 snapped. 

“We know what happened, we could have stopped it, and we let it happen! Why shouldn’t we be punished?!” 


“Look in that corner. Look at that kid. Coming to this room was the worst thing to happen to him. He’s been punished enough.” 


“He doesn’t deserve mercy. Neither of us do!” 18 rebutted. 


“You’re right, and that’s exactly why I forgive you. I forgive you and you and even the me in the corner. I forgive all of you.” I turn to 18. “And yeah, I forgive myself, even. I’ve only been around for a few months, but they’ve been harder than the darkest days you faced. I met with Sophie and Sarah, and they both forgive us. Even more, they love us, and that’s more than we could ever say for ourselves.” 


18 stopped fighting tears and openly sobbed, hard. 21 had tears on his cheeks as well, and said nothing. 


“If they, after all the wrongs we did them, can forgive us and even love us, why can’t we do that for ourselves? Give it up man. You gotta let go. It’s up to you to make the choice.”


18 looked and met my gaze. If I knew him, (and why shouldn’t I, I know myself better than he does now after all.) I knew what his choice would be. 
He walked past me and towards 10. 10 huddled in the corner, waiting for the next bout of pain to begin. 18 knelt down and spoke to him. “I’m… I’m sorry for what I did to you. I forgive you for what you did, and I hope you can forgive me for what I did to you in this room.” 


10 stopped shaking. “I’m tired.” He said in a half-sob, trying not to cry again. 


“Okay. Come one, let’s go find a bed.” 18 picks up 10, and turns toward me. He looks like he hasn’t slept in years but he also looks relieved. “Thank you.” He said as he and 10 fade away into darkness. 


I turn back to 21, who looks much better than the other two did, and he smiles for the first time, and he too fades into darkness. Behind him, there is another door, simple and wooden like the first. I hear a click, and the door unlocks. I turn the knob and step through. 


Sarah meets me on a wide green field, and together we walk in bliss. 
