"Are the natives possessing of any high technologies?"

"No, commander Gil-Thar, they've barely even begun to launch simple spacecraft and satellites in less than the last of their centuries, that's when we detected their activities, as well as their first primitive radio signals."

"Of course, as usual, the cosmic background radiation didn't actually allow us a clear look at their video transmissions from light years away. We've now approached more than close enough to examine them unimpeded, should I bring that up on the main viewscreen?"

"Not yet leftenant, let's review the natural resources these aliens possess, as well as the disposition of our forces currently first." 

"Yes commander. Much like our home planet this one supports an nitrogen oxygen atmosphere, in fact, it's the closest in composition to our own we've ever found. If we enslave, subjugate or just simply eliminate the natives, this world would be very easily colonized, highly beneficial as we have no other colonies anywhere near this sector."

"The planet is also rich in natural resources, with adequate raw materials for us to convert into fuel and other necessary supplies to make it a valuable galactic way station for many of this planet's centuries to come."

"As to the disposition of our forces, the main body of the fleet will be arriving in position just outside the system's cometary cloud, they're several parsecs behind us and will arrive in just over 1 of this planet's days. We're just here early to scout out the situation and get a good idea of what we're up against"

The Kat-irrean commander nervously and absentmindedly licked the fur around the smooth pads of her hands, then ran them through the luxuriant fur of her neck and the back of her head taking extra care to groom the tufts around her pointed ears.

The leftenant didn't bat an eye, though this was considered a bit lacking in decorum to do in public, he'd grown used to the peculiarities of his commander, he knew she was just gathering her thoughts, grooming calmed her.

"Fine" she said, finally. "Leftenant Krasz-tik Initiate scanning for any hidden defense capabilities within the solar system, and while that's running, let's have a look at some of that video and get a better idea of what we're up against, shall we?"

"Affirmative commander, initiating scan. Just a moment and I'll bring up some of that video onscreen for you"

The leftenant's paws deftly worked the controls of the science station, tuning into the primitive radio band frequencies this species used for communication, skillfully tuning into their satellite network, adjusting, tuning out all local sources of rf interference.

"Here you go commander I've isolated several of the most popular video sources in their global computer network, displaying 9 on screen now"

The commander, viewing what resolved itself onscreen, gasped and sat forward in her seat, her long fluffy tall nervously switching back and forth behind her.

"They look so much like our primates that we keep as pets, it's striking." she remarked.

"I know," fawned the leftenant, "look at the little Monk-os, awwww so adorable, look, that one reminds me of my pet when I was just a kid."

"And look at this, some of their most popular videos are of feline life forms like us. It looks like they convergently evolved primates and felines but on this world the roles are reversed and primates have the more advanced species and have domesticated felines."

The commander shrugged. "Kat-irreans love their primates." They hadn't had any issues taking over the last 2 planets from the insectoids and the avian aliens, but this was different and somehow she knew her superior officers would feel the same.

Slowly she sighed. "We're going to have to rendezvous with the fleet and meet with the council on this, but you know what they'll say. Cute Monk-o videos are the most popular thing on our galactic entertainment network right now, and you know the council doesn't approve a thing without full civilian backing, no way they'll get it for this. They might even implement a defense perimeter to keep other species out and protect this system to ensure its natural development, the way the Monk-o craze has been going lately."

"Yeah, and I've gotta say commander, I think I'm okay with that. These creatures are just too like our beloved pets, it's eerie. That, plus the high regard they seem to hold felines in..."

"Yeah," he said, "I'm okay with it"

The commander sighed, resolving into a deep rumbling sound in her chest lasting for several seconds, then: "Me too leftenant, me too. Reverse course, full sublight velocity, set course for the outer cometary cloud and rendezvous with the fleet."

"Yes, commander."

"Very well leftenant, I'll be in my quarters if you need me, going to go see how my little Takka is doing, all this made me think of my own little Monk-o."

"I understand," said the leftenant. Then, hesitantly... "Commander?"

"Yes," she responded, "you may visit your quarters as well, the vessel can pilot itself."

"Thank you commander."

