God looked at Johnny, not unkindly, but laid his own bow to the strings and said: Keep up if you can. 

As God began pulling the bow, his violin gave a sound like a chorus of angels. Sweet where the devil’s playing had an edge, and polished where the devil was frantic. It was also…slow. God nodded at Johnny, who was only just starting to gather his wits. Johnny understood that he was to follow along. He picked up his newly-won golden fiddle and began playing along, note for note. Angels did not sing from the golden fiddle, but in the distance a hound started baying and God nodded in approval. 

God brought the lick around and began playing it again, a bit faster, with some additional embellishment. 24 bars later and Johnny was still following along, focusing on keeping pace. They went on another few times through the lick, faster each time, sometimes Johnny, other times God adding a harmony or embellishing the melody. 

As the devil sat and watched he saw a look of intense concentration on Johnny’s face as he poured everything into the instrument. More surprising was the look on God’s face. He was actually breaking a sweat! This was almost too much to be hoped for. If this boy were to foil God’s plan, that would be game over for him. Proof that God was fallible! Even without that, the devil knew that while it might have been a sin for Johnny to pit his skill against the devil, it was definitely a sin to do so against God—he’d walk away with Johnny’s soul either way. 

Johnny and God were no longer just playing follow the leader. Both fiddles sang, danced, cried, and howled, in perfect unison, and in perfect harmony. God looked back at Johnny and said “You are pretty good, I’ll give you that, but follow this if you can…” 

At that, God modulated the key. Johnny matched, and gradually, the fiddle began growing hot under his fingers. He watched as smoke or steam began to rise from the neck, and out of the holes in the body, but did not break his concentration as he continued the otherworldly duet. As the notes and the tempo soared higher and higher, so did the temperature of his new golden fiddle. Just as Johnny was beginning to truly fear that his burns would force him to drop the fiddle, God brought the music to a triumphant finale. 

Johnny nearly collapsed from the effort of the playing, and from the heat of the fiddle. God looked him over with a smile and said “That was mighty fine fiddling, son—and a good thing too. You’d never have fixed that demonic fiddle of yours if it hadn’t been.” Johnny looked up at God, with a question on his face, and the devil felt his stomach start to drop.  “Well, y’all realize that that gold was as corrupt as Beelzebub himself, don’t you? If you hadn’t kept up with me like you did, you never would have had the heat to burn all the evil outta that gold.” 

God looked over at the devil and said “He is truly like I made him. The best there’s ever been.” then, to Johnny, “Enjoy that fiddle, son. You earned it.” 
