Gongetwa. Who knew that would be a long forgotten ancient word? I sure didn't. The only problem is that for me, long forgotten ancient words are more than just things that sound like gibberish. 

I was born with an ability that's really useful, if only I knew how to control it. If I say a word in some language from thousands of years ago, I conjure up whatever that word means. I've done it three times before in my life, and those three were pretty harmless. The first two times I did this I was only 2 years old, and when you're 2, gibberish is a way of life. I'm sure you're curious, so in this tongue I have loose control of, SHOCKATOMMY is a hammer, and MEEDLEFORP is an animal that resembles an ostrich but with a dog-like snout and no wings. Luckily for me and my parents, it was friendly. But, since it wasn't of this time, the food we gave it killed it soon after it got here. 

The third time happened eleven years later. I was watching Saturday Night Live, and Mike Myers was doing an awesome Wayne's World, so naturally SCHWING! had to be repeated. Sadly, in this old language, schwing! is just a wooden bowl. But hey, I got some wood, right?

So that brings us to present time. I'm 47 now, and a high school history teacher. I try to make what can be a boring subject fun for the kids, but a I get a lot of groans at the jokes I make. No more, Mr. Nautargo! they say. Do I listen? Never. It's my classroom, and Jason Nautargo doesn't give in to pressure.

Anyway, I have an awful cold right now, and it causes me to cough loud, long, and disgustingly. It was during one of these bouts that I uttered this word. I just needed some water. Innocent enough, right? When you're me, apparently not.

GONGETWA! I croaked. Going to get water is, of course, what I meant. But since I could barely speak through the phlegm, GONGETWA is what we got. 

Now, I really wish I could tell you what long gone civilization originated this word, and what mystical powers they had, and why these powers seem to have disappeared. I also wish I knew how I got this ability, and knew how to use it to my advantage. It would help a lot to have been born with an innate knowledge of the language that produces these things. I've conjured up lots of wooden bowls and hammers in my life as a cool party trick, but what if I wanted something really wondrous and useful? I'd be out of luck! Until now.

GONGETWA! And a strange sensation started going through me. I could feel muscles rippling, growing, becoming stronger. On my back, I felt something; two somethings, really, poking out of my skin, then ripping through my shirt. And then, BAM! a pair of very large, brightly colored and feathered wings were there. I could feel my brain doing a major update, teaching me all I needed to know about using these newfound gifts. Words, and more importantly, the meanings of these words suddenly came to me. This was so much better than a hammer!

I flexed instinctively and the wings flapped, causing a huge blast of air, sending students papers flying around the room. It felt like I had been doing it my whole life. 

The students! They were gasping in surprise, and all of them, almost at the same time, whipped out their phones and started recording me. I was suddenly a spectacle. As a teacher you're used to having all eyes on you, but this was next level. They couldn't NOT look at me. A few were coming to me, asking if I was ok. OK? I thought about this. In a few seconds time, I had gone from sounding like I was dying to feeling healthier and more alive than ever in my life. The cold was gone. My eyes  suddenly were blurry. I took off my glasses and could see incredible detail, the tiniest things that one can only see with a magnifying glass were easily visible to me. 

I assured them I was feeling fine, then walked out of the classroom, and down the hall to the exit. I wanted, no, needed, to fly. I stepped out into the bright sunlight, flexed my wings, and shot up thirty feet in about a second. These wings definitely weren't vestigial. I hovered there, thirty feet up, looking first down at the kids and other teachers who had come to watch, then looked at the horizon. With my incredible new eyesight, I could clearly see things that were miles away. I fixed on the tallest building, a fifty story tower about 20 miles away. Flexing again, I quickly rose to a height higher than I could survive from if I fell, but felt totally safe with my new wings keeping me aloft. 

I took off towards my target, the Hancock Tower. I'm sure from the ground I looked quite ridiculous, but I didn't care. I was flying! By my best guess, I was now about a thousand feet up, but when I looked down I could see the ground with even better detail than I could standing on it before Gongetwa. This must be what it's like to be an eagle, I thought. I could see squirrels jumping through the trees, small rocks on the ground, blades of grass; you name it, I could see it as if I were right next to it.

I also noticed that I was moving very fast. I was flying along a highway with a 70 mile per hour speed limit and I was passing the cars. I estimate 100 mph. I'll definitely be checking that. I decided to try out some of my new words. I put out my hand and said Flursh. A blue flame shot out, streaking across the sky, eventually dissipating before it damaged anything. Engale was next. This seemed to create a strong tailwind, pushing me even faster. Debellator caused a large, very sharp sword to appear in my hand. 

I had reached the tower. I had been flying much higher than the top of the tower, which I remember from the news was 550 feet. I started down to it, and could see the gravel on the roof, bird droppings all over, and a few rats scurrying along the walls. Luckily, I didn't have to guess how to land. I knew how, now. I knew all my new powers. As I landed, my wings furling tightly on my back, I realized I didn't feel tired at all, but I was very hungry. Flying definitely burns a lot of calories. Despite that, I felt ready to go, flying anywhere I could. 

From my perch 550 feet up, I surveyed the city. The world, really. With my new powers came the understanding that I wasn't the only one like this. I had to find the others, change their life by awakening these magical powers by having them say one single word.

Gongetwa.