Honestly what is in a name? Are we truly defined by that name or by the actions? Considering that I've had soo many and been blamed for soo much I honestly don't believe I've ever really had a chance. Either in redeeming myself or explaining the truth. Not that many people ever believe me; I mean would you believe me if I  told you not only do all dogs go to heaven but even your creepy uncle Kevin is going to be there too?  Yeah bet that just made your day everyone goes to heaven doesn't matter. Good , bad, evil, and all the lovely in between. I personally am not ever going back to that hell hole pardon the pun, because I am the only one who has ever managed to get out. Let me just tell you the higher ups are pissed and if I ever went back, well there would be hell to pay if there was an actual hell. That might actually make it worth it but I think I'll just stay on earth. I'm going to give y'all a little heads up heaven is absolutely fucked. Yep you thought life on this little green ball sucked ass oh no my friend this is just the tip of the shitcicle. Everything bad down here or irritating that makes life just a bed of bullshit roses is nothing compared to what goes on up there. Think of your worst day, you there yet? Remember how it started remember the feelings of irritation think back how everything that could go wrong did. The building up of irrational rage that carried you through the day. How you thought of killing your boss just for breathing; and strangling your wife or husband because they dared speak. Well dear reader in heaven its that in triplicate times a trillion and it gets physically acted out every single moment of eternity. And the kicker to all this bullshittery is it's comedy to God! Yep you are in a eternal version of gods comedy program. The angels love it too and if they have done a really good job for the big guy you get to personally suffer the entertainment of their choice for all eternity. This is your heaven, and this is your reward. You're welcome. I hated it soo much I had to get out. I did and they branded me the bad guy all because I didn't want to see you suffer anymore. All because I'm not a sadist asshole, well in that manner at least.  So that's the truth of heaven good luck down here don't ever say I didn't warn you. Oh, and God is always looking for new opening acts.