My Name Azrael, and I find myself in a strange situation. My responsibilities have me or those in my, employ,  collecting the souls of mortals who have reach the end of their lives. I have been everywhere on earth that has seen a human death and i generally speaking don't have time for much else.

Until today.

I lost a bet to an archangel, Uriel to be specific.  Who tasked me to start the apocalypse in a specific location on earth. 

I arrived between moments and went unnoticed as i was honestly not the strangest attired. I stood for a moment and observed the mortals in front of me. All of them celebrating worlds that they knew could never be. Several took photographs of me, which under the circumstances i did not begrudge. I am the original *me* after all. It was several minutes later that i decided to tour the hall. It could be the last One of these events and i rarely took a break.

Unfortunately for me i felt overwhelmed quickly. So many before me i knew would eventually meet me in my full capacity and so many of them seemed to welcome it for some reason. I found a quiet hallway off of the foodcourt and sat down on a bench. I propped my tool of office against the wall.

I was looking at some generic art that had been hung on the wall when i became aware of something near me. Starteled at my lapse in attention i looked around, seeing a young girl and a large dog with a service animal apron on.

"Hello little one." I said, realizing that it had been years since i had spoken directly to a mortal who was still on this side of the veil.  My voice was not as the films depicted it as cold and raspy. I after all help people embrace their fates and that requires warmth and compassion.

The girl looked at the dog who snorted. She swallowed and spoke back, "Hello sir. I came out here to sit away from people. Do you think i could sit on one of the empty benches? While my friend gets us food?"

I smiled and pulled back my hood. "Of course, Its why i came out here too." I gestured to the empty benches. She smiled shyly and walked over with the dog, never letting go of his big shaggy mane.

"Thank you." She said, her eyes seemed intelligent but there was a hurt there that I could not place at first. But unfortunatly i have seen every kind of soul there is and eventually a hunch formed in my mind. Extending my angelic senses towards her i almost gasped. She had seen a tremendous amount of death. 

"Young miss?" I asked trying to grasp what i was seeing, "May I ask your name?" It wasn't just here i realized. Her fuzzy companion was a Guardian. A foo dog. Incredibly rare outside of Asia and he knew *exactly* who i am.

She hesitated until the dog nudged her. "My name is Margret Dresden, but everyone calls me Maggie, and this is Mouse. The bestest dog ever." Mouse gave me a freindly canine grin and raised a paw in greeting. 

"Well its nice to meet you Maggie. Im Azreal. I never really had a last name." I said with a smile. Maggie looked at Mouse before replying again.

"Like Cher?"

"Sort of. Except I can't sing that well." I could see all the links in her family tree that had been collected on their deaths, most recently her mother. It was strange, I never paid this kind of attention to children.  Let alone looking up their family history. And I knew i had heard her surname before. The one Uriel had barged with me before to hold on collecting his soul so he could run one of his little save the world games.

"Oh, not everyone is good at everything she said. And you do dress weird." She said.

I looked down at my robes and sighed, "A bit old fasioned?" She nodded, "I suppose they are."

I came to a decision talking to this little girl. 

I was long overdue for a vacation.

I Got up and turned to pick up my scythe. "Maggie, I have to go home but it was nice to meet you." I paused, "And you as well Mouse."

"It was nice to meet you as well Mr. Azreal."

I paused as i walked past her. "It gets easier to deal with eventually, Little one." I said quietly.

Before she could reply i started to stride away. As i was walking past the food cour entrance i saw a man laden with food and drink walking down the hall. His eyes wideening as he saw me.

"Take care Sir Knight, I hope it is a long time before we need meet again." And continued my walk back in the the main convention center. Behind me i heard the man mutter, "Harry will never let me take her out again."

Between steps there was another besides me. Uriel was walking in pace with me, a smile on his face.

"So, ready to start the apocalypse?"

"You didn't say when I had to start it." I Pointed out.

"So i didn't." He said, "I just wanted you to take a break before you get busy again."

"Thank you." I said quietly. I knew better than any, there were peaks and valleys to the number of mortals dying. And we had been in something of a valley since the fall of the Reds. It was only so long before I was far to busy.