She was a podcaster for a living. Your daughter, you mean. On your way to work in the morning her voice would greet you and millions of Americans warmly, laughingly-

She'd ask you to please enjoy the Pledge of Allegiance; recite some poems new and old, then she's launch into the weather in Gainsville with cheer and charm. 

You paid for her singing lessons when she was young and started the standing ovations while she gripped a soloist's microphone like it was your hand she was holding. 

Your back is to the bathroom door. Her foot squelches with beat up muscle and gross skin as she kicks the door with a low, unfriendly, reminding tempo. 

You do not think about how proud she is of her hygiene (she would always blow dry her hair and wait until her nails dried with silver polish when she was still in kindergarten. She got it from her mother.) Thud. 

She was clean and pristine; a lovely and loving girl in every sense of the words- you always thought that she was a flower princess, sniffing lavender and eating honeysuckle with friends in your backyard, singing songs about their future dating boys and braiding each others hair. 

Oh, your daughter was never a banshee and whatever creature has stolen her very soul. Thud. She didn't cry when she fell and scrapped her hands when she was learning how to bike; she didn't cry when she got a fever as a baby- she cried and cried when she lost her dog, beautiful milk chocolate skin stained with wet, like it had rained on her face and her hair was deflating slowly. 

She never screamed or yelled- she always laughed and said it was bad for her, that she was an old woman and couldn't handle the stress. You love her laugh like the rest of her, and the thing inside your daughter whispers through the door-
"Please, daddy, please, I miss you, I miss you, I want a hug, it hurts so bad, please daddy please,"

Her voice is strained, soft, the kind of whisper that comes out when her lip shakes and she's taking deep breaths like you told her to when she cried, and she is so desperate-

One of your old professors nicknamed you "Achilles" when he found your old high school sweetheart's letters in an old leather satchel you carried with you. 

Thud. Thud. Thud. Thud. Thud. Thud. Thud. 

"Remember that time when I-"
"That time when we were at that baseball field and the pitcher swung while you were chasing some butterfly?"
"You always forget that it was a kite, and it wasn't just any bird- it was that one with the rectangular body that I used to crawl into, like it was some kind of tent."

She sounds the same. Her breath makes a whistling, rasping sound. It's not right for me to even take a little peak-

I'll be dead if I do. 

"Tweetie bird, I'm sorry."

God damned me with her. 

I stand up. Thud. 

"Don't be, daddy. I know you love me. That's why you're going to let me in." Thud. 

We live in Texas. 

Bang. 

It sounds like the way my sister died: short and clean. No gurgling, a soft moan- I unlock the door, safety off. 

I have to pull the door open with the smoking barrel, ignoring the smell of spent gunpowder, keeping the muffler on- oh, I'm going to hell. 

I still have the gun, smoking barrel and all, but I guess it doesn't matter.

Bang