Lucas watched the ad another time.  It was his fifth view. 
The counter kept going up fast. 17.000.000 views for a videogame trailer.  
'This is just stupid. No one's gonna play it. My time is worth too much to spend it on getting better on a game'

At the beginning the screen was black. Then a violin. 
'They all told you, rich people play,  poor people read' appeared written on the screen. 

17.500.000 views. Lucas couldn't belive his eyes. 

Then the first glimpse of the game itself,  while another violin joined the first one. This one was electric and slowly its volume increased. 

The gameplay showed man holding a bazooka similar to the golden premium 9000 that Lucas bought on another game for 9000 dollars the day before. 
Then a naked female character,  without weapons,  entered the screen.  Dodged 3 attacks from the man holding the fake premium 9000.
There was no sexualization in her traits. 
The eyes of the man holding the bazooka were first full of anger. 
Then fear,  when she disarmed him and then killed the character. 

"20.000.000"

Lucas knew this kind of design for a game would get extremely popular. 
It wasn't really detailed. But the colors were amazing and the fast paced gameplay could attract all the young players out there.  And it really looked like it could be working on a e-reader and didn't need a rich person's computer. 

"Now we say,  rich people have to learn to run"

Lucas was outraged and worried. Didn't they know rich people deserved everything they got? And what about that crazy dodging on the video?  It had to take hours to learn those moves. What about purchasing an armor instead? 

The gameplay showed numerous characters in expensive clothes getting slaughtered by naked ones. 
Slowly the naked characters started to wear robes, or the clothes of their victims.

'BUT WE ARE BILLIONS. WE ARE HUNGRIER.  AND WE RUN FASTER'

the final shot was a rich character,  throwing his expensive stuff away,  and joining a march of naked people. 

'Let's go back to a time when we are were alike. 
Let's give Power To The People'

The view count was up again. 
Lucas was scared. He knew what this kind of propaganda could lead to. He knew that the game would be banned before it could see the light of day. But something didn't add up.  Why was the trailer still online?  What happened? 

'AE presents: Power to the people" written in red while the second violin totally eclipsed the first one. 

'Out now.  Everywhere.  For free.  For all devices. Even yours'