"What the fuck was that?!"

I was startled by a loud crash, accompanied by a flash of bright light eminating from the window. I hopped up off the couch and headed for the back door, grabbing the twelve gauge shotgun leaning against the bookshelf, just for good measure.

As I stepped onto the back porch, I was immediately drawn towards a pile of smoldering leaves and twigs underneath the old oak tree. Before I could make my way over to inspect the crater created by the impact, a black circular object emerged from the impression in the Earth and started rolling towards me. "A roomba?!" I gasped.

I waited for the robotic vacuum cleaner to make its way to the steps leading up to my back porch, where it could no longer continue. To my amazement, I saw attached to the Roomba an Amazon prime box. I reached down to grab the box, which was held on securely by strong adhesive tape. As I folded out my pocket knife to open the box, the Roomba retreated back to the crater under the oak tree, where it began to shake violently, eventually self-destructing into a million pieces.

In the box was contained a chef's knife, the same one that I had placed an order on Amazon for earlier that day. A ten inch Damascus steel blade with a black ebony handle. "What's this?" At the bottom of the box was a letter:

Dear Amazon customer,

In order to cut back on shipping costs, and to help get your package to you sooner, we are experimenting with a myriad of new and innovative delivery techniques. We've equipped robotic vacuum cleaners, manufactured under the popular brand "Roomba", with rocket thrusters to which we've attached your package. We fly over your house in one of our UAVs and then launch the Roomba from our aircraft once we've locked in on your location. The Roomba will automatically self destruct after the package has been retrieved, because we're not just going to give you a free vacuum, you twat! We believe this will be a more economic and efficient means of delivering your packages than via traditional delivery services.

Best regards, 

The Amazon Team 

