A bit violent, not trying to have anything close to 'harmful content' though. Just noting it:

--------

Humans. Weak, spoiled. Pathetic. Nothing like the legend of Belhtegg, demon king of the seventy eighth level of hell. He was big, had two legs thick as tree trunks, and arms with muscles that writhed under his skin, aching for use. It was painful, and captivating. Beautiful. His race fed not just on the suffering of others, but their own. It was a joy in and endless experience for him. His deep, yellow eyes saw all in his realm. A large jaw held in place with a large metal plate sat closed, clenched tight.

Belhtegg gloried in his might as he surveyed his kingdom. Billions of souls, who slaved without ceasing, to further his purposes. Those who had been unfortunate enough to be assigned to his realm when they died spent eternity scooping up the poop of hell hounds with their bare hands. Not just did the stool smell, but it also glowed red, hot as embers. The screams of the damned souls who had no choice but to move those all day long were a joy to him, like sweet wine aged to perfection.

To make it worse, Belhtegg had the temperature turned down below freezing. So the frozen hands of his victims would be even more tortured touching such hot items, causing them to crack and bleed much more often than had their hands been hot as well. Each soul was given a small blanket with which to attempt to keep the cool wind off their bodies, but not enough to warm them. And as they were dead, they had no need for sleep.

A small, hunched over, limping demon shuffled over to his king. “My lord, after centuries of waiting, there is a summons from the world of the living. Some pathetic mortal seeks audience with you.”

Belhtegg’s voice was deep, guttural, and reverberated with every word. Red fire seeped from his throat, and hot liquids dripped down his gut. “Long has it been. I shall deal with the mortal myself.” He turned, leaving the small demon to give orders in his absence.

<><><>

Jimmy had been pathetic all his life. His shaggy blond hair, unshaved face, and pile of needles sat testament to his lack of motivation to do anything else but drown his sorrows in drugs and booze. He pushed his glasses up his nose, so his green eyes could see the fresh ring of blood he had drawn on the ground.

Around the edges of the room lay corpses of unfortunate homeless victims who happened to wander to close to his experiments.

This was all new to Jimmy. He had no experience with demon summonings. This was all guesswork, and he lacked even such a basic item as a demonic tome containing the terms of the ritual, or even how to perform it. He was winging it, and hoping for the best.

He buttoned up an almost clean white shirt, save for some blood he had managed to get on it after not doing a proper job cleaning his hands off after his last kill. Perhaps whatever demon who came forth would see it as a badge of courage. It didn’t matter to him. Anything had to be better than the hell-hole he called home right now.

He opened a large wardrobe, and pulled out a woman, still dressed for her evening run. She was bound, gagged, and her tears falling from her face. Jimmy grabbed her hair, and pulled her over to the center of the ring, as she thrashed to get free. He would stop now and then, cause enough damage to make her subside, and pull again.

“At last!” exclaimed Jimmy, “my moment has arrived.”

He knelt down, and the woman’s cries ceased seconds later, as a fresh pool of blood glazed the ring. Jimmy laughed, pulled another syringe from his pocket, and dug the tip into his arm. He let out a sigh of relief as the liquid entered his blood stream, his world growing hazy, and somehow pulling together again in a way that didn’t need to make sense.

Red light poured at of the fresh pool, and the ring drawn in blood burst into flames. The fire spread across the walls, scorching all in its path. A voice rose from the flames.

“I, Belthegg, lord of the seventy eighth level of hell offer you solace, and freedom, if you will join with me. I offer you power, strength, majesty. I offer you servants and slaves, all to do with as you wish, if you will swear allegiance to me.”

Jimmy had heard enough. “I accept! I accept!” His voice was uneasy, joyful, maniacal.

“It is done,” came the voice from the flames.

Fire poured over Jimmy’s body, and his screams flooded the night air.

People heard the screams as the fire started pouring from the building, but it was too late. It crumbled to the ground, burying anything in it.

<><><>

Jimmy opened his eyes, and surveyed his surroundings. He felt strange.

“This is not right. It isn’t supposed to be like this,” came the demon’s voice into his mind.

“But it is what it is,” declared Jimmy, rising to his feet. His body, strong, demonic, powerful. No longer the weak, pathetic thing consumed by the flames.

Whatever he had done in his guesswork had been enough. His goal had been to be possessed, to let the demon wreak havoc in his body. But this, this was far better. The demon had not possessed him. He had taken the demon.

Jimmy looked up, surveying the frozen lands that lay before him, and the poor creatures picking up burning piles of crap.

“You can rot away within, Belthegg. Because I am Jimmy, lord of the seventy eighth level of hell. And you? You are trash.” The demon’s voice had become his own.

“Beware boy, for when I am free, I will consume your flesh, and regurgitate you to pick up the stool below, forever half digested.”

“Do you worst,” barked Jimmy. “I’ve come a long way since little league.”
