Hank Wu was an accountant. He wasn't very good at his job. He almost always missed a zero someqhere or forgot to add on 2 percent or subtract another 5. That wasn't Hank's job though. No, his job was to answer a phone everyday. He would answer, listen, and then go about his day. Sometimes it was Hank's wife. Other times it was God. Every other timen it was someone else. Most times though, it was a  robotic telemarketer telling him how much money could be saved by switching to a new insurance company.

Hank always hung up on the robots. 

For lunch, Hank would always go out to this little cafe for a bagel and some cream cheese with a small coffee. The cafe would sponsor cancer awareness or some sort of charity. He never donated, though he always left a penny in the dish for someone else to use. Hank always had exactly one penny leftover in change.

After lunch, Hank would go back to work, hanging up on robots, almost getting the grand total profits right before heading home to his wife.

Hank's wife was much like a librarian. Very quiet, didn't smile too much, and wore the kind of sharp looking spectacles much akin to slivers of glass stuck onto some plastic that had a gaudy strap around it. Hank loved his wife. She was quiet.

For dinner, they either had meatloaf or chicken with a lump of mashed potatoes, gravy and peas. After dinner, Hank would watch the news while his wife read a romantic novel. She didnxt read them for the story. She read them because she had a penchant for pointing out spelling mistakes.

The two would go to bed in separate beds. Hank and his wife agreed that sharing a bed was nice, but it was much easier to sleep in their own beds. 

The next day, Hank would get ready for work, have a coffee for breakfast and so on and so forth. 

... ... oh! I forgot to mention one thing! Whenever Hank would answer the phone at work, he never said "hello" or "hi" or "Weston's Firm. Hank speaking, how may I help you?"

He always answered with, "Someone loves you." Yes, even to god, even to his wife, and even to those dumb little robots.

Hank Wu was neither good, nor bad. He was harmless. And being harmless is ok.