“You’re telling me that they’re all gone?”

“That’s correct. Neither Big Joe nor the Red Capybara have showed up at their usual haunts.”

“How?”

“Some rando, we think, took them out. He’s not on the official registry, but we think he’ll register soon. He doesn’t have a website or an agent.”

“What’s his name?”

“Joel Lee.”

“Have you tried contacting him?”

“Not yet, we wanted to tell you first.”

The Special Agent in Charge paused for a few seconds.

“Contact at him at his place of employment and set up a meet.”

“Will do.”

***

“Mr. Lee, do you recognize this man?”

“I didn’t mean to hurt him, but he was kind of a dick.”

“His name is Rodrigo González. He’s known as the Crimson Plague in Mexico, but here we call him the Red Capybara.”

“Ah.”

“It’s a less threatening name.”

“I can see that.”

“How did you kill him?”

“He’s dead?”

“Yes, the emergency room doctors tried to resuscitate him but it seems like he died instantaneously.”

“Um, I take a Tai Chi class every Thursday. My master told me to practice the second part of the form more throughly. It must be my progress showing.”

The Special Agent seemed skeptical.

“Have you heard of mutants?”

“You mean like Wolverine? I’m pretty sure those guys just do parlo—”

“It’s real. We think you may be one of them. The FBI actually works with all known registered vigilantes, we’d like to add you to the registry.”

“I don’t understand. I’m fairly unextraordinary. I do Tai Chi. I... the guy tried to push me so I rebalanced myself, he fell over. You’re telling me he’s dead?”

“He’s dead. It’s a good thing you did.”

Joel slumps in his chair.

“Why don’t we pick up next week Mr. Lee. You and I, we’ve got a long road ahead of us.”

***

Obsidian tossed his Google Pixel to Claus. The VIP section of the club was filled with voluptuous women, all dancing senselessly to the latest trap song.

Claus picked up the phone and oriented the screen.

“Who’s this?”

“Rando who took out Red and Big Joe.”

“This guy took out Red and Big Joe? He looks like does Tai Chi.”

“Man, don’t be racist. But yeah he took out Red and Big Joe. Also the Lieutenant is missing from Hell’s Kitchen. We’re pretty sure it’s all this guy.”

“What the fuck?”

Claus shoved the high-priced escort out of his lap.

“Our Department of Justice friends think he’s one of us.”

“He’s clearly not one of us.”

Obsidian snaps his fingers and points.

“That’s what I’m saying! It’s quite likely we’re dealing with someone trying to go after the Big Bad’s legacy.”

“There hasn’t been a universal crime boss for at least three decades, we’ve made sure of that.”

Obsidian stands up and starts pacing around.

“This guy could be it. Honestly bro, this could be one for the history books. He’s clearly snatching up territory.”

“Where’s he now?”

“The feds are questioning him. Honestly I think he’s playing all of us.”

Claus hands the phone back to Obsidian. A chick who’s had too much to drink inserts herself into Claus’ personal space.

“We’ll worry about this later.”