What would you do if you were immortal?

That is that question that kids ask themselves while they daydream in class, what would it be like to live forever. I used to daydream like that so far away, imagining myself becoming so rich and powerful, advancing technology, making the world a better place. I always viewed myself as a benevolent benefactor, who would shape the direction of humanity and turn it into a better place, letting myself die and become a different person every generation, so no one would suspect my secret.

Even when dreaming of something as far out of reach as immortality, your dreams can never match reality. I still remember exactly when I became immortal. I was a young man, the perfect time to become immortal, just at the end of my prime years, so full of energy and wonder and life. It wasn't an accident, it wasn't luck, it wasn't even mistake, but at the time, as naive as I was, that what I thought it was. I was walking through a shortcut to get home, and I came across a boy, maybe 16 years old, in the woods as well. I had never really met anyone in the woods before, and so I called out a greeting to him. He just reached out and touched me, and then died. That was it, I had no idea what had happened, it traumatized me really. Talking to the paramedics, to the police, answering interrogation after interrogation. I probably would have been arrested for murder if the autopsy hadn't came back saying that it was natural causes that killed him. No one believed me that he just touched me and died.

It took eight years after that moment to learn I was immortal. Looking back it seems like short a small time to be alive, I thought I was 32 at the time, I had found a wife, settled down with a kid, and was driving home after a long day at work. I was supposed to die right there, I know I was. I was turning left onto a street, and was hit in the side by an eighteen wheeler. The car disintegrated into pieces and I was thrown into the wall, but only had a concussion and several cuts. The doctors said that it was a miracle, that I had managed to fly out of the car on the impact, and so I didn't get crushed by the truck. I couldn't accept that it was a miracle though, because I remember exactly what happened. The truck hit my car, crushed it to pieces, and ran over me. I stared there and watched as the tires ran over my face, and then the truck moved past, and I crawled out from under the wreckage and threw up.

That was it though, right? I was immortal now, suddenly those childhood dreams could come to life, and I could do so many great and awesome things. Except now I had lived long enough to question that dream, how exactly was I going to become a trillionaire and shape the universe? I made just enough money to feed my family and live a comfortable life. I wouldn't even know how to make more money, to become rich and powerful, and did I really want to? I was happy, I loved my wife, and my kids, enjoyed the job that I did. And so I made that choice there, that I wouldn't think about it, wouldn't worry about it. I would just live the life that I had.

Of course, that didn't work out. There was a major flaw in that plan. My wife was getting older, my child growing up, but I still look like I was 24. People would talk about how great my genes were, that I looked 24 even though I was 42, but I knew that I wouldn't be able to keep up that lie. I did the only thing that really made sense to me, I told my wife. She didn't believe me of course, told me that I was probably imagining what had happened due to the trauma, and she asked me if I had ever tested it. I told her no, because I didn't want to risk it not being true, since I didn't want to leave them. And so we put it off again, pretended like it wasn't true, but by the time that I was 50, we knew that there wasn't another explanation. She was starting to grow old her hair was rapidly turning grey, and I looked exactly like my 24th picture. We talked and talked about it, and came to the conclusion that we had to know for sure. We took out a million dollar life insurance policy and waited a year, being as cautious as we could. She was so brave and strong, she said she would be the one to do it. Her hand trembled so much, as she gripped the knife. I tried to joke, to tell her it would be fine, and finally I took the knife with her, and together we killed me.

As you can guess, I didn't die. Just stood there with a knife sticking out of my chest. It hurt as about as much as accidently cutting your finger hurts. I thought, maybe we missed the heart, it's not like any of us where experts. When we took the knife out, we knew it was true, as blood was squirting out with force, everytime my heart beat. We bandaged me up, and I healed within the day. Neither of us really knew what to do, and neither of us wanted to talk about the bitter truth, I would live and she would die. She learned to do stage makeup, and would age me up every day, loving applying the false layer of age to my face every morning. She did that until she died, a heart attack at the age of eighty one. Up until that moment I had been so content with life, so happy and full, knowing that I had someone who accepted me for who I was. And just as abruptly she was gone.

I took the cowards way out, not able to face my son. I made it look like a car accident, drunk on sorrow from my wife, I crashed my car off a cliff edge and sunk to the bottom, and then slowly swam away. What to do then though? I was dead, my credit cards and money useless now, my identify compromised. I would be starting from nothing, without even an identify to my name. I just drifted endlessly, lost in the world. I couldn't starve myself to death, couldn't drown myself, couldn't do anything to escape my sorrow. So I became a bum, begging money for alcohol so I could drown my sorrows, trying my hardest to forget my life.

I don't really know how long I went on like that. It was a drunken stupor, it could have been days, it could have been hundreds of years. What I do know is that it was a kind stranger who brought me out of my self induced medication, who took me off the street while I was passed out, and gave me clothes and a bed to sleep in, who came and talked to me, and just listened without judging. I told them the truth, the entire truth, because I knew that they wouldn't believe me, just the ravings of a drunk person. They were wiser than I was, and they didn't question my story, or call me a liar, they just listened and let me get it out. I learned so much from talking to them, from being there in a kind and caring place. I was able to put my life back together, to piece together who I was.

That was when I looked at the world around me again, and looked at what had happened. That was when I learned that I had been drunk and homeless for a hundred and twenty three years. My son had already died and his kids had grandkids. I was glad to know that he had done well, and lived a full life, but I knew I would never be able to see my family again, never be able to talk to them or share a hug. It was painful to realize that, to realize just how alone eternity was. I thought long and hard about coming out and talking to them, if anyone could accept me, it would be family. And then I did my research. I should have done this research a long time ago, but I was too young and stupid to do it. I researched immortality, I visited every single link on google, every single news article, every rumor, every book in the library that mentioned immortality. After it's not like I was on a timetable or schedule. Being immortal meant that I had all the time in the world, but it didn't make the task more interesting and more exciting to me, and so I definitely wasted a lot of time not researching or reading, but eventually I started to find stuff in my studies that motivated me to look harder.

Since you are not immortal, I'll cut down a hundred years of research into a brief summary. I'm not the only immortal person. There are actually a lot of immortal people in the world, maybe a dozen to a hundred, but the immortality always has the same story. The person isn't born immortal, but instead they become immortal, always by someone touching them and then dying immediately. That is because when you are immortal, there is exactly one way to die, which is if too many people discover who you are. If enough people discover that you are immortal, and I don't know what that magic number is, you lose your immortality, and have exactly one year to pick who you want to have immortality after you. The next person that you touch will get your immortality and you will die, and if you don't touch someone within the year, you'll live in constant agony until you touch someone. Apparently, you learn all of this as soon as your secret is discovered, almost as if a hidden memory unlocks. I've found more than thirty journals at this point, and they all say the same thing. The most troubling thing is that it doesn't have to be other people who figure it out, if another immortal, any other immortal, learns that you are immortal, it immediately triggers the death process.

(continued below)