There was no life here. No, that wasn’t right; there was life, just not what we had been expecting. The arc of the golden record had brought us here. When we arrived it was still a green blue and brown planet, though there were large sections of silvery metals rising high into the sky, at least one of them had reached outside of the atmosphere, though that one had partially fallen, its debris lying in a self-made impact crater.  
We are currently in one of the abandoned cities, and we have not found any information on what happened to mankind. We spent twenty years learning about them from the record, and made sure we had our resident englist, ready to speak with them. There is still power, as when we enter a building there are times when the lights turn on without us doing anything. This building we are residing in is huge with what appear to be hundreds of units filled with if our information is correct protective outer skins, though some of them would barely cover anything on the humans. One my aids just called for me. This might be something huge.   

Well it was something, a terminal in one of the alcoves, this one was sparse not a single outer skin hanging up for the humans to browse.  But there were a few seat poles positioned near terminals. One of which had a blinking light. That is what Trishoran saw that got him to bring us over. We may not know the code to get into the system, but I did have a program to deal with that. I pulled out my universal data storage adaptor and pushed it towards one of the openings, and nothing. Looking around I saw another opening and pushed it to that, the screen flashed on and a window inside the screen popped up. then a picture of a human female appeared next to some text, from  my memory of what Shuntial our englist said read was “Hey baby what are you doing tonight. You could be watching me” the last three words were in blue. I had Shuntial respond that we were explorers looking for survivors. This is was where we knew that someone was still alive on the planet though I am unsure why they responded as they did. Our englist was confused with how they responded, and the translation doesn’t make much sense. “I’ve got something for you to explore.” Again it ended with explore being blue.   
After a while we told her that we would be back later and we would try and find her, and then went back to our base camp. Tomorrow we will try again to find out where this human is, and after that we can figure out what happened here.  
