"Eons ago, before history, my people were charged by powers greater than thee to eradicate the scourges - witches, vampires, and ghosts immaterial - to protect humanity until the end times. NOW A SINGLE FAMILY OF THOSE PEOPLE, THE PUREST LINE, REMAINS AND I AM OF THEIR BLOOD"

"Okay," you say. You lick your lips as you think. "So, the rake?"

"Oh-ho! What appears to you to be a simple lawn tool - a 'rake,' as you seem to see - is the ultimate weapon, forged in the heart of the seven hells, comprised of sanctified feliron, hammered and honed for seventy years by the One They Know But Dare. Not. SPEAK. Also, yes, it is in a convenient shape for lawncare."

"An unintended benefit for the 21st century, I'm sure-"

"It IS INDEED. For I need not describe to you how easy it is to rend Earth and leaves as it is the flesh of the unholy immortals, with such a great and terrible instrument!"

The woman stood proudly on the hood of a vehicle, slinging the rake over her shoulder as if striking a pose for imaginary cameras. Clad in bathrobes, what appeared to be a neon green pair of men's swimtrunks, and a single sandle, the woman looked less heroic and chosen and more homeless and needing mental health treatment.

"Ah" you begin cautiously, "and the cars-"

"Oh do not be fooled, as you were with my 'rake'-" the woman was interrupted by a stiffled laugh - a snort - from herself, "Ha! Sorry. The battle is never over. Though you cannot see them, before you stand the ectoplasmic remains of terrible spirits, feeding on the life force of the children of this neighborhood!"

You hadn't the heart to inform her this was the senior citizens block. 65 and older only.

"And, will they send their thanks? Nay. But, it does not matter. The battle is at our door and we must push the darkness back!"

The woman, brandishing her 'rake' leapt off into the night, down an alley, chasing demons. Or, so she thought.

Walking home, your phone starts to ring. You pick up immediately, good timing. "Yes?" You look back towards the alley, "No, nothing to worry about. The weapon's intact,  but it's in the bag."

You begin to feel *thirsty*, though the night is young. Plenty of hours before dawn.

"No, no. No need to risk it. It's as ineffective in her hands as it would be locked away. Let her die, we have the advantage there. We'll take it then"

The phone disconnected, which was a good sign in your experience. Time to get the evening started, you get a little cranky if you miss breakfast, after all.