I looked at my hot pink Sony Ericsson. The screen lit up showing me my next guest to receive. 

“Laura Knickett, Singapore.”

Wow, awfully far for an assignment but I guess it’s part of the job scope. What is time anyways, but something which passes ever so slowly and quickly at the same time?

Before long, I arrived and saw my guest, matching the pixelated image on my phone. She was an Asian in her early 20s. “Wow, I wonder if she’s the one.”

I watched her in a distance, observing and waiting just to wait for a couple more moments before it is time. Right, it’s time to meet her. 

“Hi Laura, it’s me, Ben. You’re time on earth has come. Please join me on this pleasant journey, as I accompany you into the afterlife.”

She looked at me shocked. I can’t say I didn’t expect it. A beautiful young woman, with so much potential. Oh well, as fate has it, it is time. 

“Come Laura, follow me.”

“Are you Death? No, I don’t want to, there’s still so many things for me to do. I want to have a partner, a family, fights with couples, cooking, having a husband to care for. It’s not time for me to go, I still have things to do. Please, give me more time.”

“I’m sorry, but it is time. We have to be on our way.”

“...are you going to pierce my soul with that sharp moon-shaped thing?”

I sighed. 

“I’ll tell you what, take this,” I passed to her my Sony Ericsson. 

“... what’s this for..?” 

“Well, it will tell you who needs to be escorted next. It’s more of like your todo list.”

“But aren’t you going to force me to go?”

“Listen, death is a gentle thing if you welcome it, like a soft breeze or a bashful kiss.”

“What’s the scythe for?”

“The people who resist,” as I passed my scythe to her, and watch her transform into Death. Finally, it’s time for me to embrace the end. 

When I resisted death, I became Death and learned to appreciate its horrifying beauty, time after time. The digital profiles were just randomisers, in no particular order. As death, you see and take people away whether they’re prepared for it or not. 

That’s the price of learning to let go. 