"Sir."

Another of those vagrants had walked into my chamber. No sliding doors like in Star Trek ported them into my chamber, not in this future. No in this future we didn't have doors. There was no rape, no murder, shit, there wasn't even any petty theft. No this world was broken. It was just that, I was the only one who could see it for what it really was.

"Sir, I have your food."

The meandering expression slid across this soulless vessels face, trying to discern what it should do with me. That's right, your neutered sheep, I am not part of your system. I will not be baked into your homogenized pie.

"It's what you ordered. I think, it's... what did you call it? A.. A five-bean burrito?"

I took the food. refusing to break eye contact from the husk of a human. He turned and walked back through the causeway. Leaving me to my ruminations. 

I would find the answer to this question. What was making this world so perfect on the suffice? Was it a nefarious AI running amok with people's lives? Was it some despot ruling class that was making the lives of those they deemed worthy better? All while some unknown slums lay in ruins. Breaking their backs in toil as the rich stayed afloat, above the river of shit they endlessly spewed forth.

"Wow, look whose been busy."

Now, yet another fundamentally flawed creature wandered in. 

"Mr. Smith, you sure are the studious type. You've got what is it... twelve different tablets strewn about you. You must be a fast reader to need so many... When one of those contains the entire and complete sum of the world's knowledge. Updated every nanosecond to maintain accuracy and account for breaking news and new discoveries. All with the processing power to allow for a literal infinite number of tabs and new pages, now I understand the time you came from didn't have computers that could..."

Her words became a blur to my mind as I read. Yes, these people were in the dark, I'd say. They wouldn't keep me locked in there with them though. I have the one mind keen enough to understand what's really going on here. Maybe there was a genetic requirement that made them just accept things as they were, a requirement I, fortunately, didn't have forced on me. Maybe this primitive old being would be the salvation for this wretched world. Yes, I think only time could tell but I would get to the bottom of this disaster.

"Well, I see someone's being a grumpy Gus. I'll leave you to it then. Make sure you put all those back where you go them. Some of the neighbors have started wandering what you are doing with their tablets and..."

If they are trying to force me into complacency, I won't have it. I will be the low key rebel that rises to attack the system at its heart. I just have to find where that is first. 

"Well, if you're not interested in today's orgy with all the single ladies, we will be having the single men tomorrow. It's up to you though. Also, the food you ordered is getting cold. If it's not to your liking just order something more accommodating. Most people don't eat those burrito things anymore, they make the orgy less pleasant when you're so gassy."

No, this world's ideas seemed to be fine. I am begging to see that I am just not smart enough to crack this nut. I will leave my task to a better man. I will just sit and wait for that someone to manifest.