I crossed, uncrossed and crossed my legs as I sat alone in this empty white room. I was told I was going to meet someone who I had wronged more than anyone else during my stay on Earth and boy... Was I uneasy.

The table I was seated at was undefinable, but I could clearly see myself in it. I was young, my piss-blue eyes staring into themselves in an infinite loop. My strawberry blonde hair trickling sneakily past my shoulders, hair that surrounded my pasty white face. I wasn't an attractive guy, but I liked to believe I was nice. 

Who then did I wrong so poorly?

Was it my Craig, the boy I had clashed with in 10th grade to the point of moving schools? Ellen, who I never let myself forgive despite her numerous attempts to make reparations? Even perhaps Jason... 

I was broken from my mope at the sound of a creaking door, the hinges appearing to be under more stress than myself.

For the next few moments, I refused to blink. Staring into the blinding, golden light that spilled from the door. Cliché as anything one would expect in an afterlife.

The light consolidated into a form, slowly fading out and filling with the colours of what should be my sworn enemy. The person I harmed more than anyone.

And it was a beautiful, young girl. Her hair obviously dyed into a nice shade of red. Her ice blue eyes softened by the smile on her lips. She carried herself proudly, wearing a wonderful outfit that left her neckline bare. A pretty black skirt with black leggings, a over-the-shoulder blue top. 
Just... nice.

I realized I had been gawking, promptly closing my mouth. She smiled wider, a goofy smile.

Mustering my courage, I spoke, "Hi... I'm Lee."

She nodded, the soft smile still filling her features. She held her hands behind her back, making her way to the adjacent seat before promptly seating herself.

She must be only 17.
It hit me. I must've killed her in the crash that brought me here today. Not ever being one for thinking or holding tears, I began to bawl. My tears splattering on the table, rippling as though made of water. I hang my head to hide my shame, looking down into the table.

"I'm so so so sorry. I fucked up. I was stupid. I made a mistake and now I'm dragging you away from your friends... family... everyone"

In the reflection of the table, I see the corners of her mouth turn down slightly. Still smiling, but...

A hand reaches out and cups my chin, lifting my head up to stare into those wonderful ice blue eyes. Eyes crying in the same ugly way that I know I do.

She draws back her other hand, fingernails delicately painted with shades of blue. 

Then, smack. 

She hits me.

Stunned, I turn fearfully back to her face. Perhaps this is supposed to be revenge for her. Sorry wasn't enough.

Her next words disprove me.
"God! You really are just miserable..."
The voice is familiar.

"You always felt out of place. You always knew it. But instead of acting on it you just pulled the typical 'woe-is-me' card!"
What a peculiar accent....

"You let people dictate life for you! You cried alone and resolved to push me away. You never wanted to burden anyone! Ever!"
Wait...

"You never wanted to be that kid. You didn't want to put people through anything. You wanted to call me a phase and move on!"

I couldn't speak, but I knew what was coming next. Fresh tears rolled down my cheeks and I sobbed in my ugly way.
She moved her hands to my shoulders, resting her forehead against my own.

"You could've been Leah. You silly boy. You always were so concerned with what others would think. Or how they would feel. I was for you. Leah was for you. It was never too late. Or wrong. Or sinful. Or disgusting. It was who you wanted to see in a mirror."

Her voice softened, so undeniably like my own soft voice. 

"It was still going to be you. Just more of... you. No more piss-blue eyes as we often called them. No more hiding yourself behind humour. No more hiding our interests."

She lifted our heads up and I found myself staring into eyes that were my own... yet filled with so much more love. More hope.

"You can still be her."

(Horrible, I know. Just on my mind lately)