“Do you have any connection to the defendant?” The public defender asked me that morning and I shook my head. “What is your view on drugs?”

“I don’t use them, if that’s what you’re getting at,” I responded. The galley chuckled, but it was not as though I could imagine saying anything else.

“Okay, we’ll keep Juror 7.”

At the time, I was annoyed that I was going to be on the jury. I had been hoping I would get to go home that day and never have to come back for jury duty. Having to sit for this case was probably going to take forever because it sounded like it was something related to a drug overdose after the leading questions from the public defender and the district attorney. Only when the jury was shown a photo of the deceased did I realize I was highly mistaken. I may not have known the defendant, but I knew the deceased quite well. I had met him on his last day. I had been sent to kill him, and I had been successful.

---

“As you can see based on the timeline, Mrs. Smith could not have possibly killed her husband. She was nowhere near the home during the time he was killed,” the public defender said. He was sweating considerably during his closing remarks, something that was not looking good for the jury that had already decided long ago that she had probably killed her husband by messing with his heart medications.

The closing remarks from the assistant district attorney were much more pointed. “Someone has to pay for the death of Mr. John Smith. His wife obviously was quite angry with him after she had discovered he was a philanderer. The neighbors had heard them arguing and had even seen her point a kitchen knife towards him. She knew about his heart condition, and she had her own heart medications that could kill him in the right doses. She swapped some of her medications for his, and then she just waited for his death. She did not even have to be at home at the time of his death.”

The jury was nodding as the ADA was speaking, something I was keenly aware of within the mess of this case. It had taken only a half day for us to get to this point, and I was glad that I would only miss one day of work with this silly case. I was just glad no one had possibly assumed that someone unknown to the deceased would have possibly killed him. It sure made sitting on the jury easier knowing that there was no way that the pressure could be placed on me. It just felt awful realizing that I was sentencing this woman to life in prison for a crime she did not commit.