The early morning sun causes quite the stir in the urban setting.  It is 6:30 a.m. as we find a young adolescent struggling to move from his bed to the shower.  The mother human is quite persistent and stern with her morning caws up the stairwell in an effort to beckon her child, but it seems that this particular son is doing everything in his power to stay asleep under his thick black comforter.  

After several minutes of various calls from the mother, she finally ascends to the upper room and begins wailing on her child in an effort to motivate him into action.  He squacks in retaliation as his arms thrash wildly attempting to bat away the unwelcome nuisance that has disrupted his sleep.  She rips the blankets away revealing a lanky teenager of seventeen, who's legs are long and slender like toothpicks, and a matching flat chest with a few blonde hairs beginning to develop around his nipples.  His awkwardly shaped head rests upon an average neck covered in a slight dusting of peach fuzz like hair- a common masculinity attempt among other young males during the teenage years.  On his face reside small red bumps and white pimples, too small yet for him to rid of, but still an awkward nuisance to deal with as he is quite self-conscious of them whilst among the opposite sex.  His hair is blonde and short, a small caluc resides on the back of his head making a few hairs stick up constantly--even after many attempts to flatten them.

After about an hour of constant prodding and nagging, the mother human was able to get her son to shower, get dressed, eat a small amount of food, and on his way to the local educational building, which we have deemed in scientific terms as a 'high school'.  

Our team has been able to infiltrate this particular high school after multiple months of preparation and building of trust among the dominant species, in order to follow the daily life of these adolescent teenagers in their prime.  This is truly an exciting time for us to be within the school, as it is the season of courting, also known as 'prom' for these young teenagers.  The unique event takes place once a year, as a celebration of youth and fertility, often accompanied by awkward dancing and extravagant dresses and tuxedos.  Our primary male, whom we have been following for quite some time, still is without a potential mate to accompany him to this 'prom', and in recent days, his efforts of finding one have become almost, desperate.

Our lanky awkward teenager attempts yet another courtship this morning with a young female human.  She is slightly shorter than he, as most of the females are, ranging from about 5'2"-5'6" on average, versus the males whom range from 5'8"-6'2" usually.  This particular female has had many suitors prior to our young romantic, so in order to secure his date for the prom, he would need to truly woo her in a manner that would be both unique, and memorable.  

It is mid-day, the typical feeding time for this species, as their eating patterns are quite predictable, usually eating on average three times a day--much like their urination and defecation patterns within their enclosed hovels with porcelain stools.  The large room, which serves as a feeding lot with various assortments to choose from--quite remarkable.  

We find our male eating alone at one of the elongated tables near the doors leading to the main entrance hall.  A few of his fellow male acquaintances approach with their own food samples, most with disgusted faces at either the smaller portion sizes given or due to the fact that the grey slop had a feces smelling odor wafting from it.  They join our subject and begin chatting among themselves with frantic arm movements and loud screeching noises.  

Suddenly, there is a lapse in the noisy chatter among the males, the female has entered the room.  She is wearing a bright yellow dress that accents her body in a way that would give any young teenager a sudden sexual urge.  Our subject is no different.  He watches from a distance as she struts across the room carrying her food as if it were a trophy of a fresh kill.  She is taller than an average female, and her body resembles more of a woman instead of a newly turned teenager of only 12 or 13 years.  She knows that it is prom season, and still a mate has yet to woo her, yet this particular female continues to flaunt her flowing brown curls, long white legs, and bright green eyes in the center of a nearly flawless face.  

She takes her seat near our subject and his fellow males, but they do not make a move toward her.  She is a alone, a prime opportunity for any young male to attempt a courtship, though no one seems to act upon the opportunity.  Wait, there is movement from across the room.  A burly buck of a teen stands proudly.  His chest is puffed attempting to show off his chest-- a common sign of masculinity among the more pompous males of this particular sub-group. 


He stalks toward his prey, the young girl in the yellow dress.  He is confident and calm as he takes his seat across from her.  She does not acknowledge him however, and instead crosses her legs and begins to eat her food paying no attention to him.  He rears back slightly, a bit aghast that she did not accept his sudden advances so openly as most other girls of her type would.  He attempts a verbal approach--from what we can depict, it is a caw of a formal greeting followed promptly with a remark about her appearance.  She glances at him, but simply does not respond and instead waves him away with a quick flick of her wrist.  He opens his mouth yet again to speak, but she is quick to snap at him this time, causing him to recall his boastful pride and slink away to his pack of overly muscular square headed counterparts.  It appears this female is more vicious than first anticipated. 

 Our subject is red in the face, sweat begins to collect upon his brow, but his fellow pack begins to whisper to him in an encouraging manner.  They prod at him and eventually get him to stand from the table, the female is unaware of the sudden change behind her.  

He steps forward, timid with each step, glancing back at the table of his fellow teens various times as he makes his way toward the female interest.  When he arrives, he does not sit, but instead clears his throat and greets the female with a small movement of his hand in an arching pattern.  An uncommon approach, but it appears the female is not flustered or turned off by the advancement.  She reciprocates the mannerisms and invites him to sit.

He glances back to the table from where he first came, and his friends quickly turned back to their food as to not raise any suspicion from the female--failure at this point would be devastating for our young male as this was his final attempt to court a female before prom.  

He sits across from her and begins to communicate confidently.  A few moments pass as they converse, and oh!  A laugh!  Ah ha, the male has made her laugh, followed quickly by a shy smile from the female.  This is great progress as it is key for a male to make the female laugh as it usually implies mutual attraction.  Again she smiles, we watch as the male becomes more confident in his efforts.  

What is this?  A sudden pause from the male, a look of horror on his face followed by a sudden movement to his groining area.  I am unsure what he is attempting at this moment, but he appears quite uncomfortable.  She realizes his discomfort and reciprocates the contorted facial expression.  She cocks her head to the side and inquires about his discomfort, though he is quick to dismiss any sort of discomfort.  A second hand moves to his groin area, we watch as he shifts his leg over the other.  

*Frank, I believe our subject may be having an erection at this moment.  Oh this is quite the rare site indeed!*

She leans in and touches his arm in concern, but quickly removes herself at the sight of what I am assuming his bulge in his pants.  She covers her mouth and begins giggling to herself--a common noise made by this species when they are embarrassed, amused, or potentially ridiculing another of their kind.  Our subject's face has turned bright red, his neck is resembling the same hue, and in desperation, he jumps out of his seat causing it to clatter to the ground drawing the entire attention of the feeding area onto him and his sudden erection--a phenomenon that is common place in most species cultures, but seems to be a sign of extreme discomfort and embarrassment in this particular species when seen outside of specific conditions.  A thunderous roar of laughter fills the feeding area, multiple fingers stretched outward toward the young teen as he runs for safety away from the other teens, the girl's cackle the loudest of all of the laughter.

Our poor subject seems to have failed in his attempt to win over the favor of the female and has resorted to hiding in one of their porcelain hovels, away from wandering eyes of others.  A sad situation indeed for our young adolescent.  Let us hope that he has better luck in the future.  