The room whirled by underneath me as I was tossed unceremoniously across the room onto a large bed. Buzz landed beside me, and our eyes made contact over the plaid bedsheets. We lay motionless while the new owner, I believe his name was Gunner or maybe Johnny, moved about the room, tidying the a few misplaced items. He sighed as he finished tidying, looking down at Buzz and me. 

"Man, it has been a long time since I have seen Toy Story. Been longer since I have seen a Woody or Buzz toy, especially in this condition. I bet Candace will love this. I got to do a little touch-up on old Woody here first. I wonder if acrylics will work well with his original paint. I better go see Harry. I would hate to have to strip them......" 

He mumbled a few more things to himself before dialing a number into his cellphone. The eyes  of the blue smartphone, located on the back facing Buzz and me, opened and focused on us They widened, and a mouth made from the speaker located on the back of the phone, silently mouthed a short, one syllable word. The word looked to be hi, but the eyes carried the wideness of absolute terror. Gunner or Johnny left the room, the sound of another human answering the phone following him.

We slowly stood up on the plaid bedsheets. We began to look about the room. It was mostly very spartan and neat. A large closet with hanging clothes, clearly organized by type and color, was upon the far expanse of the room. The walls were made of white sheet rock, only broken by a window and accompanying sill, and the previously mentioned closet. 

"Hey, Buzz" I said. "Did you see the phone? Could you tell what it was saying?"

Buzz replied with. "I couldn't see the phone, buddy. I was facing you." He began to grin. "Looks like a new room to explore, and new friends to make. What do you say, we check it out?"

"I was just waiting on you!" I laughed out loud. I began to walk towards the edge of the bed. I saw a large desk with a desk lamp illuminating it's surface. I, at this point, noticed that no sound was audible, which was rather strange. Usually, other toys were excited to see new toys. I pushed it to the back of my mind.

I began to climb to the desk, Buzz following shortly behind me. Once we reached the top, I noticed a fair amount of paint blotches, assorted paint types, and most disconcertingly, a series of uncolored arms and legs and torsos. These figures never moved and many seemed to be attached by their skin to square racks. Buzz and I moved closer together.

"Woody," I hear him say in almost a whisper. "This isn't right. We had better get out of here."

" Yep. You lead the way". 

We turned and began to walk towards the edge of the table, when the roars of engines and men shouting filled the air. We turned to see two immensely towering, mechanical, walking machines that appeared to be carrying an immense amount of guns and appeared to be giant whirring chainsaws shaped like swords. How we did not notice them, I will never know.

Three lines of what appeared to be slightly larger army men, but painted in an actual color scheme, ran from behind clever hiding spaces and trained their weapons upon us, with men carrying what also appeared to be chainsaw swords, and pistols shouting nigh incomprehensible orders. I heard another set of engines roaring and I turned to see three aircraft hovering between us and the edge of the desk, rappel lines dropping out and men, though dressed and shaped entirely differently, dropping down those lines. These newcomers each were dressed in green combat fatigue bottoms, a green or black undershirt, some with a green vest, a red bandana upon each head, carrying guns, large knife, and an immense overabundance of muscle. The three lines of hidden men were dressed in a very minimal body armor in various shades of drab brown or green. 

Buzz shouted for me to run and he charged forward towards the aircraft. Red colored lights began to crisscross about us. When we were hit, an immense pain began to shoot through us. We hit the front line of the rappelling soldiers. I jumped over their lines, but Buzz lowered his shoulder and slammed through the line. I heard a massive low sound and felt a force lift me up and throw me through the air from behind. The force pushed me far over the edge of the desk, and as I was falling, I caught a glimpse of Buzz holding back the chainsaw sword arm of of the walking machines, and the second arm shooting a large weapon into his chest, his chest exploding, and his parts coming out of his back.

"BBBBUUUUUZZZZZZZZZ!!!!!!!!!!!" I scream as I hurtle downwards through the air. I slam hard into the ground and lie helpless, my air and sense knocked out of me. The last thing I see is a large, but fat man with what appears to be an overcoat, smoking a cigar, peering down at my motionless body. My vision fades around the fat figure and I fall to sleep. 

I awake peering into an older man's eyes. I can't feel anything. Nothing but an overwhelming desire to serve the Emperor. Praise be to the Emperor I think, and then I shudder. Who is the Emperor? I ask myself. Why don't I feel anything. The older man laughs and shouts over his shoulder." It's done"

What is done? I stare into the old man's eyes. I see a reflection, but it can't be mine. Only one eye that isn't machine stares back. The rest have been modified and replaced with mechanical parts. I look deep into the older man's face, and say in a voice not of my control, "Those who are unworthy to serve the Emperor in life, will serve him in death. What is your bidding?"