- “For two million years have I travelled from one ugly end of the multiverse to the other searching for Jesus.”
- “Forty thousand years have passed since his last known coordinates, but now, finally the track is once more fresh. Two thousand years… yes... very fresh indeed.”
- “He can’t have gotten far. One can only imagine what cruel ideas he managed to put in the minds of these Earth-dwellers...”

The bounty hunter approached the contact-forbidden world. It was called “Earth” by its most intelligent inhabitants. He had already activated his shapeshifting form, based on what the Intergalactic Library for Underdeveloped Life-Forms and Their Customs (ILULFTC) had gathered about the species “human”. The latest record about human cultural development and their customs was only 1750 years old. In other words very fresh by ILULFTC standards.  
A human male character with good physique, long white facial hair and esthetical apparel called “toga” was apparently deemed admirable to humans in a geographical location called “Mediterranean” in a civilization called “Greece”. Weird, thought the bounty hunter, but chose it because he had not come here to judge primitive life forms. He shook of his preconceptions and lack of professionalism.

Naturally, as a contact-forbidden world he had to conduct this mission with extreme care. He was to take no unnecessary risks and had therefore invested a relatively large amount of intergalactic currency in an invisibility-device. “An investment that would easily return tenfold once he handed Jesus to the authorities”, he had thought when buying it.

He had parked his intergalactic spacecraft behind Earth’s moon, programmed to always stay on the dark side as the bodies travelled around the sun. He thought it safer in terms of not being noticed to descend only in shapeshift form using his C300-gravity-adaptameter (also purchased in pursuit of Jesus, not cheap).

Clearly Jesus was long gone by now since the coordinates was based on a weak scent that had been randomly registered by a sensor-robot travelling around the universe (destined only to do just that). The bounty hunter’s mission was information gathering rather than anything else. Discreetly learning about the cult and hopefully getting some clues on where Jesus might have gone off to next. If he picked up a scent with his portable scent-o-meter during his mission it would be considered a generous bonus, hardly expected however.

Now shapeshifted into a physically muscular male human with white beard, hair and toga he excitedly activated his invisibility-device, switched on his C300-gravity-adaptameter and started his descent down to Mediterranean, Greece, Athens, city center. 

As he drifted closer towards the ground, floating through masses of liquid droplets, he felt confident. “Clouds”, he remembered that the human race had named it. He chuckled. Hovering down towards the center of Greece he did a mandatory ready-check and realized he forgot to switch on his scent-o-meter. “Woops”. 

He calmly activated the device and it immediately started to beep wildly. It indicated an extremely strong reading of his preset scent: Jesus. 

“What the f—“, he thought to himself. 

“Deactivate invisibility!” he heard a familiar voice call out from below. He quickly realized that that very thing happened, to him. He was no longer invisible. As he looked down wildly he saw a crowd of humans surrounding a single person. The person stood out from the others. He wore a toga, had long hair and a beard.

“O-behold, my father, our God has finally appeard!”

The bounty hunter landed on the ground in front of Jesus, confused. Jesus gave him a sneaky smirk and then poofed. 
