"Fuckin' Swype," mutters Death as his thumb wiggles furiously on his phone screen. "I swear its library gets *worse* at prediction the more you use it."

St. Peter clears his throat.

"This is the kind of shit that could make me go iPhone."

"Excuse me," St. Peter calls.

"Yes?" asks Death.

"Don't mean to be a bother but we're ready to go *whenever* you are."

"Sorry." Death pushes himself away from the wall on which he had been leaning looking suddenly self-conscious. "I ... uh. It was a message I had to reply to. Death waits for no one, especially if they're some punk who thinks copy+pasting dictionary definitions is any way to meaningfully contribute to a disscuss..."

St. Peter grinds his teeth hard at Death, lips pressed together so the long jaw muscles in his temples could be seen clearly flexing.

"Can we please get on with this?" you ask.

"Yes! Yes..." protests Death. "I'm not stopping anybody here."

"We need you to clearly witness the toss, dude." St. Peter says.

"Don't 'dude' me, *bro*. I haven't been reaping souls for 6,500 years just so I could be called 'dude.'"

"6,500 years? You know the universe is actually closer to 14 *billion* years old, don't you?" you say.

"Oh, look at the master of the fucking universe over here! How do you know it's 14 billion years old? Were you there?"

You roll your eyes, "That argument again. Of course I wasn't there but-"

"Well *I* was there! If I say it's 6,500 years ago and you say it's not are you calling me a liar?"

"How are you defining 'year', then? I mean, if you've been around since before the Earth was formed maybe a year to you is-"

"Guys!" shouts St. Peter, throwing his hands up. "With all due respect would you both just shut the fuck up? I've got over 150,000 more of these yet today."

"I know what you're doing," you say to Death. "Trying to throw me off my game."

"So!" Death looks suddenly energized. "You *admit* you're gaming the system! That's how you've been winning the coin toss after all this time and avoiding death? That's why you're able to constantly reset your life to whatever age you want and go on living and robbing me of my rightful harvest of your soul? Pete, how's that for a summary of the premi-"

"*You're* the one gaming the system!" you shout.

"Oh, come on. The old 'I am rubber and you are glue' argument?"

"I mean it! Each time I'm sent back you make some ridiculous claim that this only makes my debt to you upon dying all that much higher. If anyone stands to profit from this it's you."

"Don't be ridiculous."

"I still don't know what kind of debt or payment you're even talking about."

"Well," says St. Peter. "The economics of the afterlife aren't as straightfor-"

"Shut the fuck up, Pete!" says Death. "I don't care how *much* you owe it's just that the payment is *late*."

"Oh, so you really *do* care about payment!"

"I'm a capitalist. Sue me."

St. Peter now has his forehead in his palm, "Can we just get on with it?"

"Sure," you say, tossing a coin in the air. "Call it."

"Heads!" says Death.

"Tails!"

"Again! Fuck!" Death lifts his phone above his head, starts to throw it down the slows his arm, stopping himself.

"Reset to age 23, please Pete."

"Fuck! Fuck fuck FUCK!"

You de-materialize. The effect is similar to the Star Trek transporter from The Next Generation not the cheesy one from the original series or that overdone one in the new movies.

"All right," says St. Peter. "We square?"

"Fuckin' little shit," said Death, back to leaning on the wall and squiggling away on his phone in one hand while vaping with the other.

St. Peter coughed loudly and repeatedly until Death finally gave an annoyed look.

"Are we done?"

"Yeah. We're done. See you next time." He started mumbling as his eyes returned to his phone, "I gotta find the right link to post to this little fucker first."