Human species are the only ones that can measure something that does not exist - time. Time is merely a perception, or observation of moving objects. This is how we determine transitions, inculding the human body and it solely depends on the observer.

I came to realise these facts on the most beautiful snowy Saturday of 2016. You rarely have a better day to build a snowman with your son on the front lawn. Even our Bernese dog Nancy was helping (actually she only made yellow snow).

Do not let Nancy fool you with her smile – she is a good guard dog. As usual she barked real hard at the man approaching us. I wasn`t interested at anything but playing with my son, but something started to feel disturbing. The man approached us and even though I was not looking at his direction exactly, I got a massive adrenaline rush.

But why would I be so worried about a normal man carrying groceries? I looked at him – it was my father. Looking exactly as he did when he disappeared decades ago. A manly tear dropped from my eye, this joke was too harsh. I was not angry at him though and it`s only because he looked as shocked as me.

My brain was a mess of thoughts and emotions. But I had to focus, I knew I needed to know as much as possible from this man or I would regret it. I am proud that I did manage to focus and talk to my dad right away – that`s right this really was my dad. Long lost and not a day older.

Here is his story:

“This morning I went to buy milk as I usually do. Do you know the forest park that`s just over the hill? I decided to take a longer walk through it on my way back. But I guess there might be no park there anymore. It turned out to be the worst walk of my life.

It did not seem like such at first. A sunny spring day, birds singing through the green leaves, wind gently adding to the melody. I walked pass one of the big boulders, it makes a small cave towards the hill. There I saw an unusual gathering. Two men were playing chess, behind them six women were singing and dancing.

The whole view seemed out of place. The people were short, yet mature and beautiful. It seemed like the cave was lit by the sun, but it could not have been. It attracted me so I went inside to say hello. The men smiled at me and continued playing. I sat on a free tiny chair near them to admire the dancing women and it felt as if light is shining from them. At some point one of the men finally said something – “you should go now – a lot of seasons have passed”.

Why would he say such a strange thing? Well yes, they do look strange but can`t they just tell me to leave them alone?

Unfortunately he was right. When I stepped out of the cave I saw snow. Lots of it, but it is not unheard of to start snowing this time of year. On my way home I started to realize this is not the town I saw on my way to the store.

Panic struck me and I calmed down by thinking of you. Thinking over and over mostly about the bed time story I read you last night. Do you remember it?”

I did remember it – it was the last bed time story I remember from my dad. It was about the wood elves – majestic friendly creatures. The story warned you though – never go near them as time flows differently around them. If you stay to admire the elves for a minute, you lose a year of time with your family.

PS: English is my second language
