Dinner with my girlfriend and her dad. Never met him, I'm kinda nervous but at the same time excited. I got some frozen steaks in my fridge and I can make mashed potatoes and toss up a salad. Thankfully I have pretty much what I need to make a classic dinner.
I was almost done with setting up when I heard the bell.
I took a deep breath and opened the door.  Gordon Ramsey appears right in front of the door his face right in mine. I lost my that breath real quick.
"Hey...so your Kevin, heard all about you, may we come in?"
Too much was going through my mind, but my instinct was to act as normal as I could. Gordon Ramsey? No big deal.
"Yeah, yeah, come in make yourselves at home dinner is almost ready."
"Hey sweets!" 
I got a hug from her and I gave her the expression "why the flip didn't you tell me?" , she replied with a confused face. 
I shook my head a bit and started for the kitchen. I passed Ramsey and heard him murmur "dreadful" while he was exploring my apartment. I convinced my self I misheard it and went to get the food out.
I wasn't really worried about the food, I actually try to get good steak, I'm not chef but I do like what I cook and never got complaints.
"It's frozen?" That's the first thing he asked after I sat down.
"What? Oh uh, yea the steak is, uh was frozen."
My girl looked at him funny then There was silence. I had to say something 
"Hey this so cool! I never knew..."
"You make the mashed potatoes?"
Gordon cut me off
"Yea I did."
"It's dry, and the meat is fucking RAW! Your place is so dusty and full of random shit, you trying to open a goodwill here?"
I started to laugh, I don't know why, maybe it's cause he is probably joking.
"Yea I am." 
"Fuck me. You even trying here bud? How are you ever going to keep a girlfriend? How  did you even get one? The only goodwill you can do is fucking yourself cause that seems like something you like to do"
I was confused. I didn't think he would be that harsh.
"I'm done for today"
Gordon Ramsey got up and walked out the door.
"Why didn't you tell me it was today ?I thought this was like a rehearsal."
"It defeats  the whole purpose of the show if I told you, and I thought I was pretty obvious to you it's today. Tomorrow my dad will come back... you know how it goes."
She got up and left. I turned towards the camera man to vent out how I felt about this situation. 
The next day I opened the door and a bald man yelled "Hello my name is NIIIIIINOOOOO!!!"
