My parents say I'm only nine, but really I've lived for thousands of years. Or maybe not really, since it's in my sleep, but if you remember something, doesn't that make it real? At least to you?

They don't know what I go through every night. I counted one time, and it was 365 days stuck in this big room of books, bigger than any library I've been to, and that's a whole year. Well, a whole year is actually 365 and a quarter days, but it's close enough. I tried telling my parents and my teachers, but nobody believes me.

So I live out a few centuries every year and sometimes I read books there in that library, but not much because it gets kind of boring. I read about the history of McDonald's and Nintendo and even the history of video games, but I don't know where to go from there. 

*****

"Happy birthday, Tim!" my Mom says as we all sit around a table. Tables were originally made for art and writing, but now we call those desks, and tables are mostly just for eating. 

"Thanks, mom!" I say and blow out the candles on the cake. Candles probably come from the Germans, who also had the idea of candles on Christmas trees. Something about the Germans and fire, I guess.

"What are you going to do to celebrate?" my friend asks after we eat the cake. 

"I have a birthday every day," I say, and laugh, but no one understands. I guess I'll study more history. That seems to me to be the most important thing. 

The study of history is funny, because you have Herodotus, who said it had to be based on culture, and Thucydides, who said you should just say what happened, mostly in terms of military victories and defeats. I guess I kind of think it should be a mix of both, where you say what happened, and try to guess how it happened (because no one ever really knows anything; that's what Socrates said and everyone believed him until people started mixing up God and philosophy, like Kant). 

I go to my room at night and bring my tablet and play a game. I just want to stay awake all night, but I know what waits for me. No one else does and no one else ever will. 


*****

Thanks for reading! Check out some more at r/arcaldwell.
