 

I could hear laughter, and the roaring engine of a car racing away. It's simple physics, and I know that isn't the sort of thing you would expect me to know about, let alone talk about, but outside of Halloween I find myself with a large amount of free time. I read, mostly. Sometimes I watch TV, but anymore it's just for the news, or to catch an interesting documentary.

Simple physics. When I'm summoned, I match someone's velocity. If you think about it, it's really the only way it can be. The Earth is in constant motion, spinning and orbiting the sun, which is orbiting the galaxy, which is headed to somewhere in the general direction of the Andromeda Galaxy, all of which is falling towards the vast unknown that is the Great Attractor. Well, you don't know. I'm not telling. It would ruin the surprise.

Sure, sure, there's relative velocity, you're technically stationary from your own perspective if you're standing still, but if I maintained *my own* relative velocity when transiting from Hell to here, it could cause quite a few problems, especially given how liberally we interpret the suggestions of physics there.

So, velocity. This teenage prankster is racing along in his mother's minivan at roughly fifty miles per hour—through a residential zone, I should hasten to add—while I appear just to his left and behind him. That's the rule. Behind, in the direction they're looking. This placed me outside his vehicle, and as I don't come with wheels, this also left me tumbling and quickly dropping to a relative velocity of zero. Aches and pains quickly set in, and while (per my nickname,) I had a fresh layer of blood over me, I was now adding my own to the mix from several lacerations on my arms, legs, and forehead.

I scowled as he took a corner at speed. Seven times he had done this. Seven. Damn. Times.

And then I could hear it, echoing through my already throbbing head. "Bloody Mary." The brat was going to do it again. "Bloody Mary." That's the problem with kids these days, no respect. "Bloody Mar—shit!"

Close enough. I appeared, but flew by the ugly tan van and joined him in tumbling through the street. The fool had hit someone, and while I was still linked to his velocity, he was suddenly thrust out of his vehicle, over the smaller car he had struck, and was rolling through the road. I was able to pick myself up quickly. Being less than alive has advantages, and the stuff of spirits mends more easily than mortal flesh that has bounced its way across thirty feet of concrete. The other driver wasn't my problem, and before you get all moral on me do keep in mind where I make my home. She had also been wearing a seat belt. I assumed she would be fine, at least by comparison.

He, on the other hand, would not be fine. He was face down, which I say loosely. Most of his face had been left behind on that street he had none too gently crossed over. I flipped him over and gave a hard kick to his ribs for the sake of expressing my anger. He coughed up something that was probably important, along with a bit of blood. "You idiot!" I yelled. "You could have killed someone! You could have hit a kid! They're still out trick-or-treating!" For that matter, I knew we would attract an audience soon enough. People were beginning to look out doors. I waved at someone who seemed on the verge of coming over. "Call 911!" I yelled at her.

The teen was gasping and choking. That ugly punctured lung sound, the thing collapsed while his windpipe was suddenly half full of blood. Not a pleasant way to go, but faster enough to be sure no help would be there in time. I knelt down beside him, half turning him so I could take his wallet. "Robert. Do you go by Bobby? I bet you do. Don't try to talk, Bobby. You don't have long, and straining will speed all of this along. Let's just enjoy the moment." I sat, leaning back, hands behind me on the cool road. "I guess I should introduce myself. I'm Dave. I know, I know. I don't look like  Dave. It's a job thing. You see, this whole Bloody Mary business? It's sort of...passed on. Think 'Dread Pirate Roberts.' I...have you seen The Princess Bride? Like Westley. He was given the position, and the previous Dread Pirate Roberts, who wasn't even the original, retired. Well, I took over from the last Bloody Mary. She'd been some silly teen in the fifties who summoned up someone who had been some poor kid in the nineteen-tens, and so on and so forth. It hasn't even always been Mary, the name changes sometimes, but the job is the same. You get summoned, you're supposed to do a thing, sometimes you kill them, usually you just chase them. If they die after they summon you, boom, you get a ticket out and they get to hang around trying to catch stupid teenagers. There's all kinds of rules and stuff. Don't worry, there's a guidebook. Forms to sign, too. Trust me, there's way more bureaucracy than you expect."

He seemed to catch on, gurgled out a bloody protest.

"Oh, no, Bobby, there's no backsies on this one. And no Indian giving, I'm definitely not going to be coming back and asking about doing this again. I guess that isn't a very PC term, but it was fine to say in the eighties. That's something else you'll have to get used to, things changing over time. Maybe you'll be really good at it, but the thing is...I live in Hell. This isn't about killing teens. It's about punishing *us*. So in a moment or two, you're going to wake up somewhere else, looking like this, and waiting for someone to call you. And they'll run away, or break the mirror. Maybe they'll live in Texas and they'll just shoot you. Or maybe some jerk will think it's funny to summon you so that you appear outside a building and fall all the way down. Or behind their mother's crappy minivan while they're going fifty in a twenty-five. One way or another, though, you're going to lose. Often." I smiled my best smile, the one that showed off too many too sharp teeth. "Well, I can see you're having trouble breathing. I guess this is it. See you in Hell, Bobby."