"Aaah, Goddammit!!"

Henry sighed. He was certain his God should've been here by now. So when he heard a knock at his bedroom door, he thought for sure his sponsor had finally arrived. But when he opened the door, there wasn't a brawny warrior God standing in the doorway. There wasn't any kind of God in the doorway. There was no one. Must've been Katherine running by or something.

Henry rubbed his eyes. He was tired of waiting. The Bloodthirsty Tournament was just two days away!! And Henry didn't have anything! He didn't even have a sidekick picked out!

Henry, you see, was from Smellington. The problem with being from Smellington is that it actually is one of the nicest, most sweetest places to live in the entire world. But the Vikings discovered it and named it Smellington. Because Vikings are the worst. 

So whenever Henry went to  international Prince school all the other Princes would say things like,
"Yo Smellington! You SmELl huhuhh!" said the prince of Jockland.
"Yeah. What he said Smellingtonry!" Said the prince of Badinsultia.

 If you were falling victim even to the kid from Badinsultia, you were at the bottom of the social ladder. 

Due to this abysmal social standing, Henry did not have any squires (or anyone at all really!) That was even willing to be his friend, much less his number two in the tournament.

A crash outside the door jostled him out of his thoughts. He stepped out into the hallway. There, sheepish as ever, was his little sister, Katherine. At her feet was a pile of very old and very broken pottery.

"Mom's favorite Rare and Expensive Vase?" Henry asked.

"Yup"

"That sucks"

"Yup"

Even for a sixteen year old, Katherine was incredibly clumsy and awkward. Puberty had not been kind to her. Henry who was eighteen had fared a little better in the looks department if he was being honest. In fact, Henry had fared pretty well in all departments. It was Katherine who was the real screw-up for the family.

"Well clean it up, my Sponsors supposed to be here so-"

A giant lightning bolt streaked the sky. A giant clap of thunder accompanied a soft but deliberate knock at the door.

Henry gulped. He had seen enough minstrel plays to recognize a dramatic entrance when he heard one. That had to be his God. How powerful will he be? He thought. He must be able to wield lightning, right? Thor? ZEUS?

Another soft knock at the door startled Henry into action. He ran down the grand stairway and raced to the front room. Katherine followed close behind. He was sure she was burning with questions too. 

Henry took a deep breath and opened the door.

Henry stared at the figure in the rain in disbelief. 

Everything was quiet except the pitter of rain. 

Finally he gained his composure.

"Oh. Sorry. Can I help you? What are you doing out here by yourself in the rain?"

Standing outside in the rain, at probably a literal height of 4'11, stood the smallest old woman Henry had ever seen in his life. She couldn't have been more than 100 pounds soaking weight. And she was.

She opened her mouth and a very soft but warm voice came out. 

"Yes, you can help me. Or to be more precise, I believe we can help each other. May I come in?"

Henry sighed. His God could come at any moment and he'd have to explain how he doesn't usually make a habit of keeping random old women in his living room for fun. Which would be awkward. But he didn't see how he had a choice. She looked like the wind might blow her over any minute.

"Uh, yeah I guess. I mean yes! Yes.. of course," he said. Henry didn't know where she came from or even how she could walk up the steps. All she had on was a light flower print summer dress and a walker. A walker, for Pete's sake!

Katherine and Henry anxiously helped her up the sets and shuffled her into the living room and lit the fire. 

To their dismay, as soon as the old woman sat down, she sat up again and asked, "Would you two like some tea?" 

"Oh oh no that's alright we oh uh," they tried to reply, but she had already walked into the other room.

Henry hung his head in his hands. This was a nightmare. She was going to be here all night! They couldn't even take the horse carriage because Mom and Dad were gone quelling an uprising and neither of them had bothered yet to get their Carriage License. She was probably going to be making tea for hours.

Oh wait no. She was back already. That was fast. Impossibly fast. She put the tray down and handed a cup to Henry.

"Oh, and these cheeks! They're so thin! Henry have you even been eating at all? And you! What a lovely girl, but why don't you stand up straight. You're tall for a girl. So what? Be proud! Raise your head up high!" The old woman chided the two.

Henry was officially irreconcilably lost. He had no idea how she knew his name. Or how she was acting so informally around the royal family. Sensing their evident extreme confusion, the old woman sat down.

"Oh, so sorry. I never introduced myself. You know how when you get to my age you start something and then you do something else and it's late before you know it? Hahaha classic Deedee..." the old woman, evidently Deedee, said.

The kids stared blankly.

"Oh. Shoot I just did it, didn't I? Okay. Well. It's lovely to officially meet you two, I am Death (my friends call me Deedee) and I am going to be your sponsor!" She said excitedly in her same warm voice.

Henry stood up. He walked to the window. 

"Alright Prince William. Come on out. real funny," he said.

Deedee stopped him. 

"Dear, William didn't put me up to this. No one did. I really am Death!! Here, I'll show you."

And for a moment Henry and Katherine saw through time. They saw the war of the Gods. The mortals caught in between, famine, plague, neglect. And they saw love. They saw families coming together and celebration and sadness and joy and everything. In just a moment.

Henry sat down. He looked at Katherine. She was as white as he was sure he was, but there was something else too. A resolve. A deepness of empathy, Henry could see, that he didn't quite understand.

Deedee broke the silence.

"So, you've probably got a lot of questions. Let me just try to knock them out with one real long monologue. Sound good? Great. So, a long time ago-"

She coughed.

"Oh, excuse me," she said, "I need to open a throat lozenge before this old bird keeps gabbing for too much longer. Would either of you like one? No? Alright. But if you change your mind or want some hard candy don't be afraid to interrupt. 

Anyway. 

A long time ago, the Gods decided to start this damn tournament to decide which favored mortal/God combo should be the 
Rightful heir and leader of the humans. Funny how none of the Goddesses or Princesses are ever invited to participate. You want to know why? Because the whole thing is basically a dick measuring contest. You know it is. Don't give me that look. I'm old. I can say what I want. 

On top of that, this annual tournament is distracting and over involved. This is the year 2018! Humans definitely should have invented cars by now! Not to mention throwing the feudal system! No offense, you two. But the point is that this tournament is awful for the future of humanity. It teaches young boys to kill and young girls to be subservient! It's evil.

Now, look at me you two this is important. There is already so much death in the world. So much. Never let pride be the motivation for taking another humans life. It is not worth it. Not remotely," Deedee was on the edge of tears.

Henry felt extraordinary uncomfortable. 

"Okay, but like, why are you helping us then? You've never participated before, that I know of. Why are you aiding this specific tournament?" Henry asked bewildered.

"Because, unbeknownst to almost everyone, a millennia ago, I granted the Gods immunity to death through a contract. A contract so ancient only one person, me, Deedee, hello, even remembers it exists.

We're going to use the leverage of death for the Gods to get them to stop this tournament. And we shall overthrow the monarchy, and begin a new era of human progression. And I will finally get to stop taking shits in outhouses."

"Wait. So that's it then? I'm going to be a GODKILLER?  You want me to be, what, some kind of.. king to end all Kings.

"No," Deedee replied, moving her eyes off of Henry and resting them on Katherine.

"A Queen to end all Kings."



