It shouldn’t have come as a surprise when Greg found the other patients strange. He was in a mental hospital. However, at times, he confused the patients with the doctors. Old Man Sam, who was really only 22, talked nonstop of The War to End All Wars. Hearing him tell it, he drove one of the first tank brigades in the history of the British army! Dr. Klensworth, a man who looked like a prune left out in the sun too long—and had an unending appetite for prunes—still believed in the merits of lobotomy! 

The first time he got here, Sherry, the receptionist at the front who still used a typewriter cautioned him to watch out for Dr. Klensworth and why. Greg immediately turned to the landline and called his girlfriend.

“Sarah, dear,” he said, fighting to keep his voice light. “I’m not sure this is that great of an idea.”

His high school sweetheart turned wife said back, “Greg, we talked about this. You need help.” She made no effort to hide the strain in her voice.

Though, he understood. When they were eighteen, she had married the varsity quarterback, the All-American Competitor, the Harvard-bound boy in a small town of twenty thousand. Now, she was married to the man who could barely even hold down a job.

“Maybe this one just isn’t for me,” he tried. “We should try another one.”

Her response turned colder than the temperature of this place. “You’re not there for vacation. You’re there to be fixed.”

Greg held the phone to his head, wordless. “Alright dear,” he said and managed a small smile. “I’ll be back in a jiffy.”

Sarah neither laughed nor responded. She simply hung up.

He turned around and jumped. In front of him stood a young man with a chiseled jaw and hawkish eyes. He wore a drab olive-green jumpsuit with a utility belt and the widest smile he could muster. “Call me Old Man Sam,” he said and held out his hand. “First Lieutenant, Tank Division.”

Greg took the hand. “Greg,” he said, cautiously.

Sam clasped Greg’s shoulder and pulled him toward the twin doors to officially enter the hospital. “Let me tell you Greg, I’m glad you decided to join us. Newcomers ain’t commonplace anymore. Don’t want to miff ya, but I wished you a pretty lady.” He winked and laughed. “Not too many left here for snogging.”

“I… I haven’t checked in yet.”

The soldier turned to him and nodded as if they had just come to some deep understanding. “We’ve all checked in already,” he said. “It’s the checking out that’s tough. That’s why we’re here.”

“But how can I check out when I haven’t even checked in?”

Sam threw his head back in a hearty laugh. “Ain’t that the truth. You’re a clever one, Greg. We don’t get too many clever ones anymore.”

Greg let out a single, polite chuckle. If he was being made fun of, he couldn’t tell. But Sam seemed the kind of person who couldn’t lie if he wanted to.

“You’re going to love it here, Greg,” Sam said and pushed the twin doors open.

The hospital was not at all like Greg imagined. It looked more like a hotel hallway than a hospital one. A creamy peach colored the walls and every door had its own color. The closest, pink one opened and a thin girl with short, frizzled hair stepped through. They met eyes and she smiled abashedly.

“That’s Marlene,” Sam narrated as they continued through. “Don’t let her looks fool ya, she’s older than my grandmother.”

Marlene’s face turned pale and her mouth twisted. “Sam!”

Sam only laughed at that. “Love ya too, Marlene!”

The purple door next to hers opened and an old man walked out, like he was pulling himself forward with his walking cane. His eyes went wide and a smile spread across his face. He opened his mouth to speak, but Sam jumped in front of him.

“No, no, Dr. Klensworth, ain’t anybody interested in your lobotomy.”

Greg nearly laughed. Then, his brow furrowed when he realized that it wasn’t a joke. Then, his mouth dropped when he found out that Dr. Klensworth was the psychiatrist in charge of them all.

The lime green door held a middle-aged man who claimed to be the world’s foremost scientist in butterflies. The deep blue one held a woman around Greg’s mother’s age, though she jumped and skipped to everywhere she went. The pale yellow door belonged to a small girl that clung to a teddy bear who Sam claimed was the *nob that runs this place*. And at last, they entered the end of the hallway where a single door stood, its rusted paint flaking off.

“Now this here’s your room,” Sam said, practically beaming with pride. “C’mon, I’ll tell Sherry to bring in the paint supplies.”

Greg held up his hand. “That’s alright,” he said.

Sam’s face fell.

“I’m not sure this is the place for me after all,” Greg said. “I’m going to go, uh… *check out*.”

“But you just got here!”

“Yep and you’ve done such a great job, I’m already ready to leave.”

A small smile spread across Sam’s face and he nodded back. “That’s great news, Greg,” he says. “Most of us here are too scared to check out. We haven’t really come to terms with ourselves, you know? I’m glad that you managed it so fast. And who knows? Maybe the next one through those doors’ll be a pretty lady.”

Greg laughed. “Not sure I’ve come to terms with myself yet, but thanks."

Sam nodded again and he patted Greg on the shoulder. “It’s not living with yourself that you gotta worry about. That’s only a few years. It’s dying with yourself that’s the problem. But you’re a good man, Greg. I can smell the good in you. You’ll do just fine.” 

He walked away, leaving Greg standing in front of his flaking door. Greg stared at his door. At one point, it too had been a vibrant and deep color, but now it was ragged and faded. Though despite its looks, all it really needed was a fresh coat of paint. Perhaps that’s all he needed as well.

“Sam,” he called. “On second thought, could you get me that paint?”

---

/r/jraywang