The first time it happened I was 18. It was like opening your eyes underwater, refocusing over and over. Everything was distant and bright, but it got clearer over time.

They taught us about The Sight in school, a part of health class and sex ed, but no one knows how it works. All we know is that every person, once a month, for just one minute, can look through the eyes of their “soul mate”.

Apparently, her name is Sera. I saw it written at the top of a college paper she was writing, something about the effects of childhood trauma on the adult psyche? She’s a psychology major. 
 
I see her writing a lot, but it’s always a paper or a thesis or statistics. It seems like she spends most of her time digging in peoples heads. Which is fine, but being with a psychologist sounds to me like being stuck in a never ending therapy session. A handful of times she was making jewelry, now this I could watch for days. Meticulous. Her hands graceful and assured. She tried on one of her self-made bracelets and I fell in love. The curve of her wrist and the bend in her index finger, the freckle at the base of her palm. I had no clue you could fall in love with someone from seeing only their hands, but I don’t know much about soulmates.

But like I said, writing, nearly every time The Sight happened she was writing. Or she used to.

Nowadays it’s a lot of coffee tables and windows, unmoving. She just stares off, at nothing. 

There was a day, about two years into The Sight, where I saw a man. I’d never seen him before. They were eating at a restaurant, she kept looking at her hands, fidgeting and flicking her thumb nails against each other. She must’ve been nervous? I’d never seen her nervous before.

Beyond that moment, she’s stagnant.

I can’t imagine sitting that still. 

Once I saw a bong, but I don’t think it was hers. Another time I saw a half empty wine bottle from what I could tell, her eyes were half open. Must’ve been drunk.

But lately, it’s been prescription bottles. At first I thought she was just studying medicine for school, until I saw her hands open them.

Her hands, they’re thinner than they used to be, frail and gaunt. She’s lost weight.  I’d never seen her in a mirror, or any pictures, so I can’t be sure. But I know her hands at least were different. 

Sometimes The Sight isn’t in the present, it’s common to get glimpses of the past, of their childhood. Once I saw hers, I understood.

It was close to a year after I saw that man she was eating with, where I saw him again. This time he was younger.

He kept his face uncomfortably close to hers, his face was pleadingly sly, devilish. He was touching her face, petting her almost. 

I saw many scenes like that over the next couple of years. By this point it felt less like I was peaking into the life of my soulmate and more like watching a crime show. Every snippet of her childhood got increasingly more unsettling, sometimes it was his shoulder moving rhythmically. Others it was just his face, peering down at her, even back then she never met his gaze.

I remember feeling enraged by this, furious at what I was being shown. Why show me something so terrible from her past if I can’t do anything to stop it? Why give a slideshow of my soulmate’s torture? 

It makes me hope that she gets to see happy things from my life. I hope it doesn’t show her the time I accidentally hit a dog with my car, I hope it doesn’t show her me punching my best friend in the face. I hope she doesn’t have to see the bloodied aftermath of my week long bender from my sophomore year of college. I hope she doesn’t have to see any of that.

I saw her today. She was in a room, it looked like an office crossed with a living room. A woman sat in front of her, notepad in hand. Therapy. She was in therapy! She glanced at her hands, still thin, but they were still. Gently placed in her lap, relaxed with her palms up. It looked like she was holding the most precious thing, but it was imaginary.

After those sixty seconds concluded, I found a wave of relief and pride wash over me. She’s doing it, she’s getting help. 

Hopefully, I’ll get to see her soon. I’ll get to tell her how proud I am of her, how I want to protect her. I hope that she’ll trust me. I hope she makes a bracelet for me. I hope The Sight has shown her what she needs to see of me, and more than anything, I hope she holds my hand.