"What are Earth's defenses, Daddy?"


I put down my newspaper and without thinking said "Oh, son, don't you worry..." But trailed off mid sentence because turning to look at my son I noticed everything wrong with my reality at once. First and foremost I didn't recall impregnating a demon and if I did I sure as hell wasn't living out the Brady Bunch fantasy. It was jarring to say the least but was nothing compared to what could be described as impatience on that thing's face as he sat waiting for his answer. I stumbled over my words for fear of alerting it to my distress and after running through the list of possible outcomes, I quickly realized it didn't matter. I'd tell my son the same truth I'd tell anyone or anything. I cleared my throat and began again, choking down the urge to throw up as Sonny boy attempted an encouraging smile.


"Son, you have nothing to fear from outside the Galaxy. You see a few thousand years of so called enlightenment has no hope of overwriting millions of years of evolution. Humans are compassionate, moral, and capable of amazing things. Humanity, on the other hand, are violent war mongers who capitalize on the slightest differences between each other to take and take. Different tribe, then different God and even different colored skin. We like to believe we are above all that now and we learned from the past-- and so we did. One simple truth, war does wonders for our economy and unites us to listen obediently to those in charge. You may think yourself above your evolutionary call to take from those different from you but we know the solution to that problem too-- righteous justification. Too long has peace and mutual respect held back our true nature and so I pity the alien race dumb enough to give us free reign to wholesale slaughter the most different thing imaginable all the while we tell ourselves they made the first move so obviously it's them or us. Them or us."


"If alien life does make first contact, for their sake, I pray they're a race of intergalactic space dogs because they're only hope would be to sit, beg, roll over and play dead...."


I found myself trailing off again as I finished my little speech. My head began pounding and my vision was fading fast but I made sure to make eye contact one last time. That thing's face was impossible to read but I did take pleasure to note he wasn't smiling anymore. 