Terry tasted pretty good. Not as good as Mike, he wasn't as lean as Mike, but a little butter made the difference. I have no idea how the grill in the galley is still working better but I'm glad it is. Raw Terry would've been a bit tough methinks.

I lost another fingernail today. I found a book in the Captains cabin about an island of cannibals. It talks about how they have no fingernails or toenails, very little hair and their bones stick out. I'm starting to look like that. Something about the lack of nutrients in human meat. I mean, it tastes good enough, sort of like beefy chicken, but I can't imagine there's much to it.

I found something else in the cabin too. It's loaded. I'm not sure what to do with it. I think I can remember how to use it but I'm not sure if I should. I mean, what would I use it on? Or who? Myself? Maybe. Probably. Eventually.

Terry was the last one. I probably shouldve saved more of him. At one time a whole person would last me weeks. Then days. Now hours. I'm starving. Terry's bones are still warm and I'm already starving.

Whats the point? I think I told myself I was a survivor. Like in the movies. Doing whatever it takes and all that. It doesn't feel like surviving anymore, it hasn't for... I don't know how long now. Its more compulsive than that. Like a sort of instinct. Was it always like that? Maybe it was and I just didn't know it.

It's really cold. This tin can was always cold but now it's freezing. I'm shaking all the time, my writing is unreadable. I know what I'm writing but God help anyone who has to read it.

God help anyone who finds this boat. I can't imagine. Then again, maybe everyone eats people now. I lost track of time so it could be 200 years passed on land.

No one will find the boat though. The last message from anyone was... well it was just before Simon and that was a lot of bodies ago. I doubt the radio thing on the outside of the hull even works. Even the mechanical dials and whatnot are broken. One shows 20,000. Twenty thousand what? Leagues, like the book? Feet? I don't know if that's possible. I didn't think it was possible to be fine with eating people but here we are.

I'm really tired now. They say dying in your sleep is nice and peaceful. I don't think I deserve that. But what do I deserve? The thing is loaded and easy to use but is it too easy? Maybe I'll do myself in the gut and bleed out or just in the wrist and die from gangrene. Yeh, that sounds about right. Suffering for sufferings sake, a sensible way to go. Yeh, I'll do that. 

Pain is a funny thing. I couldn't remember what it felt like before, now it's all I can think about. It's like posion in my blood, I can feel it in my head and my wound is nowhere near there. It's all black and green and nasty. I was poking it but now when I do that I feel like passing out.

God help anyone who finds this boat. God left this doomed sub long ago. Now it contains only death. And me. I can't remember my mother. Did I have a mother? No, I was born here. This is my home. I always said I wanted to die at home. This is my home... 
