A young girl trotted on the dimly lit concrete five before six. Building after building, named only in human name, she passed every so often. "Stacy Outpost 4-0C" "Muhammad Outpost 21-5D" "Brendan Outpost 1-4F". Some torn to rubble, others vacant, but all quiet, at least for the most part. She knew every day she put herself in danger by walking in this scramble of a town. "Martha Outpost 18-0A, Martha Outpost 18-0A" she knew that she had to be home before the cleansing.

The clock struck six and the girl heard the echo of motors in the street. "Oh no, it can't be now, can it? Fuck it I'm running for it."

The girl dashed for the building, letting her breath go with the wind behind her. "Just two more buildings" she thought.

A sound she had not heard in many years arose as the motors came closer. She was in sight of them, she was dead for sure.

She reached the steps of Martha 18-0A, and the sound became louder and more consistent. Skipping every other step she thought was the fastest way to the entrance. She came face to face with Martha 18-0A for the most minuscule of moments before knocking more on that door than a woodpecker would knock on wood.

A hand caught hers and dragged her in. It was the hand of a familiar woman known as Martha, but she was no different than the others. Another Martha in the sea of Martha's platoon.

"Dee, where is my mother?" the young girl asked.

"Silence, you ignorant child." The woman, nicknamed "Dee", replied. "Your mother will return soon, she is doing her job. But while you're waiting can you make some soap and wash the dishes?"

"I'm not going to do that, I was nearly shot by the Frank bikers, so do you actually think I'm in the best position to be endangering myself again?"

"I see Rin's decision was one out of the many other spectacular ones. I assume you haven't fathomed what sarcasm is yet, is that right?"

"What's a 'Sar-cah-zum'?" The girl replied

Dee paused for a moment, shook her head, and irritably replied "J-just go to your room, okay? I'll just do it by myself."

The girl paced to her room while dodging the corners of the narrow hallways, clumsily as always.

Dee shook her head. "You've left us in a terrible position, Rin. I don't know what to do, we don't know what to do." She paused for a second to catch a glimpse of a photograph. "She's asked about you, where you've been, what you've been doing, she's asked if we've even seen you. She misses you, Rin."

"Hey Dee, we're going to the assembly, you wanna come with?" Said a short haired girl, vastly contrasted with the tall, dark Dee.

"Give me a moment." Dee responded.

Dee paused for a moment, then broke the silence of the now vacant room. "I'm scared for her, Rin. She wasn't born the same as us and it's because of you. Now here she is centered in death and destruction and it was because of your stupid plan.
"...you never wanted to make it that simple for her, did you? You wanted every human to be a blank canvas, someone that could learn on their own and utilize their own Potential. But it's never been that complicated, Rin, you were never able to change that, and now your child will never have the same privileges as her fellow humans. I just wish that you had known that before the incident.
"But now I think I understand why you chose her name."