It's weird sitting here in the foyer of Lex Corp awaiting a meeting with its enigmatic CEO. You may be asking yourself why a comic book corporation is in the real world, the only explanation I have is that even "quote-unquote" villains can be comic book fanboys.

For the first time in 10 years, one of these "quote-unquote" villains is allowing a member of the press to dig into the inner workings of their life. It's weird still calling them villains; for all their machinations and despite some of their more unsavory actions, the world is undoubtedly a better place. The fairy tale of world peace has been achieved, interestingly enough not at the barrel of a gun loaded with sophisticated nuclear missiles. The nation's of the world have come together since the villains took over. The problems of the world before all feel like a bad dream, I was only 11 at the time but I honestly can't remember what it was like before cancer was curable with a single injection.

Ten years ago, my host faced off against his arch nemesis Omegaman, a metaperson with the ability to fly, had super strength and super speed. Back then the world knew my esteemed host as Decimate, but today he's simply Marcus Kincaid... CEO of Lex Corp.

"Mister Kincaid will see you now," his assistant offers me a cup of coffee before setting foot into his office. Against the back wall is the quote, "Some people can read War and Peace and come away thinking it's a simple adventure story. Others can read the ingredients on a chewing gum wrapper and unlock the secrets of the universe," a line Lex Luthor said from the 1978 film Superman... I chuckled to myself when I realized how fitting it was. Marcus Kincaid enters the room briskly, I quickly reach out to shake his hand.

"I'm sorry for keeping you mister... Errr.."

"Park, Xavier Park with the Seattle Post"

"Xavier eh?" Says Kincaid with a sly grin, "did they ever call you Professor X?"

"Unfortunately I never got my teacher's certificate so I'm afraid I'm just Mister X."

A response I expected from a man who had several super rare issues of Golden Age comic books mounted on his wall.

"Listen Xavier, may I call you Xavier? I would love to just spend all afternoon talking about Lex Corp and all its achievements, but I believe in the mindset of actions speaking louder than words, please follow me."

I begin to follow Mister Kincaid down a long hallway, at the end of the hallway was a lab.

"This my boy, is where all the magic happens. Here is where I found the solution to curing HIV, all forms of Cancer, and male pattern baldness."

I walk into the lab, it's dark with a single cylindrical object in front of me. I can't make out what's inside but I see movement, I sense movement. I take a step forward and the lab lights up. To my surprise, suspended in what looks to be green liquid is an emaciated man in what looks like Omegaman's costume.

"Wait... Mister Kincaid is that-"

"Omegaman, yes. His real name is Walter Donovan Williams. He was predisposed to the metaperson gene and became the hero you called Omegaman. Over the last 10 years we've kept him alive in our lab, the green liquid keeps his powers in check and thanks to my business partner the Enchanted, Walter here is trapped in his own mind reliving again and again the events of our last battle. You see Xavier, Walter here is the source of every medical advancement over the last decade. His cells literally cured cancer. Before I speak with you further, I wanted you to see this... What do you think?"

I realize what this means, that 10 years ago the last hero didn't die out. The last hero has been living in capitivity all this time. Fueling the advancements of Lex Corp and lining Marcus Kincaid's pockets. Honestly though, is this one man's life worth it to undo all the good Kincaid has done? My mother is alive today because of Lex Corp's cure. I catch my breath, ready my response.

"May I speak freely Mister Kincaid?"

"Of course Xavier..."

"The world is a better place now, you may not know it but your cure saved my mother. I feel bad for him, I really do... But honestly... Fuck Omegaman. We're better off Mister Kincaid."

I turn around to face him, he's wearing his old Decimate mask as I stare down the barrel of a gun. Dropping his hand and holstering his weapon, my pulse normalizes when he lifts off his mask to reveal a smiling face.

"Please Xavier... call me Marcus"