As I gasped for air, the pain that shot thru my skull as my memories came rushing into my head caused my entire body to seize.
I remembered that my drug addiction had became so bad that I had Resorted to drinking hand sanitizer to catch a high because I could get it  free at work. I was feeling especially stressed because the day I fell was the day I saw Kurt Temmer for the first time in 20 years.  I had been on drugs for more than 15 years before I fell. I had a great wife, children. My Good boy Sparky always greeted me at the door when I came home. I lost all of that threw my drug addiction, by the time I had resorted to drinking hand sanitizer,  I was in a last-ditch effort to recover physically, spiritually and financially. I was able to secure employment with a Fortune 500 company but not in my regular position but as the janitor. 
I Graduated from Stanford in the top 1 percentile of Management Science & Engineering. Over the years in my career, I had many buisness associates and corporate connections but none were able to help me once I had hit rock bottom and embezzled 8 million dollars because of my heavy drinking and druging. I was convicted and sentenced for a white collar crime. 10 years prison sentence,  5 years probation. I was lucky this all happened in 2022, since Trump was president he pardoned me but everyone that he pardoned before he was impeached was blacklisted. No one would even touch my resume because of the financial crime and being someone that the president pardoned just before his impeachment. I had one friend when I was released from prison and that was my lawyer Saul. He was able to help me secure this Janitorial job with that I could at least pay child support to avoid going back to prison. I started the job off on a really good note. I hated walking around the empty offices at night remembering, I once sat in a corner office just like the one I'm cleaning. I worked hard and started making new friends with this new life albeit a janitors life. I kept running into old gambling buddies and ladies of the night that I used to club with before the embezzlement, some would ask to take me out for a good time. I turned them down everytime except the last time I was asked, I went and the old habits started pouring back in, except now I was a broke janitor. I hit rock bottom fast and hard. A month or so into my relapse I saw Kurt Temmer. He was a family friend. He had been crushing on my wife before I knew her in high school.  He was her brother's friend. Kurt and I attended the same college. 
All of her friends thought they would end up married but I met her in Amsterdam, summer of 1988. I knew she was mine but then I went down the slippery slope of addiction to gambling, drugs and the embezzlement changed the dynamics of our family. Separation and divorce followed. Kurt seemed to appear out of no where. I tried for months to get her back. I did all the old things I knew she liked,  I tried so many new things to make her smile. She had already been traumatized by my drug usage, falandering with other women,  leaving her penniless and broke with our children. The day I fell I saw Kurt for the first time in 5 years. I didn't know he had a pop-up office in the building I was cleaning. I would never have seen him if I hadn't been upstairs daydreaming about corner offices. I entered the elevator and pressed 12th floor. As I went up the elevator stopped on the 10th floor. The doors opened and it was kurt. I heard him say my name in slow motion. I just wanted to knock him out but I just froze. He stepped in the elevator, the doors close behind him and he mumbled something that sounded like long time no see.  I nodded, I couldn't get the words to come out of my mouth. He looked at me strange and said, when's the last time have you seen your children. I cringed. I really wanted to Lunge at him but I was already spiraling and nothing mattered but getting high. The elevator doors opened and as he stepped off he turned and looked at me and said I'll kiss your children and ex-wife good night for you. As the door shut I sunk to total despair. I remember riding up and down on the elevator crying. Finally I got the key and went to the Supply Closet and took out all of the hand sanitizer. Orange soda hand sanitizer cocktail and eventually I just started drinking hand sanitizer straight from the plastic refill. Somehow in my drunkenness I ended up in the basement of the building in a small privately- owned cryogenics Laboratory. I had met some of the staff in my first months as a janitor in the building but rarely saw them or anyone because I cleaned offices between 6 p.m. and 7 a.m. so the buildings were usually empty. In my drunk stupor I could see that a hatch to a pod was open. I had never seen a pod open before. They had many prototypes and always seemed to be working on one but this one was lit up like never before. I started walking toward the pod.  I didn't even mean to go close to it but I tripped and that was the last I remembered. 

As my body flailed and gasped for air my eyes opened. The space I was in was pitch black. I could hear a humming noise and I could feel cool air touching my skin. A holographic screen light appeared in front of my eyes, it read: You are the Alien that ended humanity. The aliens who have activated  your pod believes that you are coming to save them so that they can protect a future humanity but your pod was the very first pod to be programmed by humanity to destroy anything or anyone trying to preserve humanity because of our unforgiving cancerous behavior in destroying our planet earth. Your Pod will open in t-minus 13 min. Your body has been modified to expel scud missiles and to detonate itself with a thorium bomb implanted in your head once it reaches the staging grounds of the new humanity site. I could see the timer ticking down and all I could think about was Kurt kissing my wife and children. 