So I was there quoting that one Eminem song we all know, hands shaking and whatnot and I see her, her beautiful mix between red and almost golden brown hair always delighted me, I catch her by the shoulder and ask for a moment, her eyes widened in disbelief, "is this really happening? Is she in to me?" Cross my mind as my hearth raced, I mumbled the first two worst but after that I got my wind, I told her my name and asked her out, she nodded in denial but I still asked her to hold on to my number.

After a few seconds of silence which I swear lasted a year each she said "you don't understand, you shouldn't be able to see me".

"What? Are you engaged or something?" 

"No", she giggled a bit and a bit more enamored I was, "I don't exist in your reality, my particles cannot be touched by the light on this sequence"

"What? You could just had said no"

And she giggled again, "I've been trapped for millenia between this sequence and mine, due to my parents meddling with time travel, I do need rest and food, but I can get by taking bits and pieces whenever people aren't looking, but being able to see me dictates a shift in your evolutionary code or at least some sort of ability"

"Can we talk this over dinner?, I'm lost"

"As am I, but i surely need the company so yeah, I'll follow you around"

It was sundown when I decided to go for pizza and some entertainment on Netflix would suffice, when I forgot she was there and spoke out for myself she agreed.

"I've never had a date with a girl as beautiful as you"

"I've never had a date"

"So...you're stuck here and there, why?"

"I'm a hellspawn birthed to destroy humanity and eat away the evolutionary sequences, I will not only destroy my reality but every string of it"

(Mom always said I would end up with a weirdo)
"And...you...you wanna do that?"

"Not particularly, but I do hope I enjoy it, I've been stuck for too long in between things and I'm sick of it"

"That means no long time commitment then?"

As she giggled and blushed, "why are you so desperate on that when I just told you I would kill you, you've been kind enough so I'll eat your flesh in a love ritual manner"

"That sounded way better in your head didn't it?"

We laughed for a while and decided to watch some movies, she fell asleep holding onto me, I may end up helping her end everything but no one would call me a loser anymore, if they could see her, who I would've thought THERE is someone for everyone.