"only $100 for a hospital stay over night? Healthcare prices aren't what they used to be"

"The world isn't what it used to be, dear." Jane said, looking past me and into the hallway.

"I never expected for it to be like this." she continued. "I always thought growing up that I'll grow old and retire to a farm, not working till I'm 84 then suddenly collapsing."

I leaned over and gave her a kiss on her forehead. Her forehead was clear of any wrinkles or blemishes but her eyes never lied about their age.

A knock breaks the silence behind us.

"Mrs. Doe, time for your medicine. Oh, am I disturbing anything?"

The nurse looked hesitant to come in.

"No, please come in." 

"It's awfully sweet of you to come visit. Are you her grandfather or father?" she said nervously.

"husband, actually." Jane replied for me.

"Oh, I am so sorry. the awakening was before my time so I don't know what to expect when we see someone from the previous generation." the nurse stammered "but that is so sweet that you stuck with him all this time, I've seen people nowadays go through 10-15 divorces."

The Awakening. Hah. I still cant wrap up my feelings for what happened that year, especially now that there's new evidence of a "side effect" to the fountain of youth that was discovered recently. I'm not particularly vexed about my own demise, but I'm torn about the strain it put on my wife and marriage. My wife was a 25 at the time, I was 28. Years went by as my body crumbled and withered while my wife stayed beautiful and youthful. She said it made me sexier till I was around 50, in the past few years... Well, I caught her crying one night hunched over. She was muttering to her self 'why can't I just give some of my youth to him.' 'Why did the government have to condemn him to death.'

Extensive research continued on the fountain of youth for nearly a century. Everything seemed to go smoothly until recently when a wave of deaths from the earlier adopters of the drug started dying from one single cause: suicide.

This wasn't unheard of before, the few wealthy that were past the cut off line managed to buy fountain of youth pills to freeze their times, but when they hit age 85, they all started to commit suicide. CDC ruled it as a side effect of the lost generation taking the drug against strict recommendations, and it was promptly swept under the rug. This time around, it's from generation immortal.

"Thank you nurse, I feel a lot better now" Jane said,

The nurse smiled meekly, and after collecting her tray, quickly left the room. Jane eyed her as she left the room and waited until she was out of earshot from where we were.

"I don't like how everyone treats you like that, it's like they see you as a monster." she grunted.

"Well, not everyone was as accepting to their fate as I was. There were three huge rio--"

"I know that! I... know... It's just... I wish I could just tell them that you're not one of the people who caused those massacres. But all they see when they see white hair and wrinkles is a monster" her voice quivered as she said.

"do you see me as a monster?" I asked.

"no, you're my husband." she snapped.

"then, that's all I need." I said as I grasped her hand with my withered claw.

she ran her thumb across my knuckles while looking down. A silence ran through the room and even outside.

"I'm scared, John."

"We all are, sweetie."

"What if I go crazy like the others and just strangle myself with my own blankets?"

"I wont let that happen." I said sternly " but even if you do, It probably wont be long till I join you up there since I'm gen L"

Her punch on my arm wiped the crooked grin off my face.

"Hey, that smarts." 

We both sighed at the same time and looked each other in the eyes. Her face grew red and her eyes watery.

"hey, hey, hey." 

I put my hand on her cheek.

"Whatever happens, I'll always be with you. I promise."