World War I was touched off by some misguided Serbian nationalist stopping for a sandwich. No, really. The guys who had plotted to shoot Archduke Ferdinand flubbed their initial attempt. One of them, inconsolable, stopped off for a sandwich to eat his emotions for a bit and regroup. The Archduke's driver took a wrong turn, the car passed by the cafe where the would-be national hero was sitting, and he took advantage of the second chance the Fates had thrown him. Archduke and duchess killed, Europe's political house of cards came crashing down, and the rest, they say, is history. Tens of millions died.

Maybe this context will help you believe what I say next: World War III was prevented at another humble sandwich shop. By me. Go ahead, laugh, get it out of your system. I know I don't look like much. Just another khaki-ed office worker. Weeell...I break no mirrors, certainly. And my small-town upbringing instilled a certain amount of default friendliness in my daily dealings. After moving to the big city, this is met with a mix of suspicion and surprise. Since some people equate pretty with dumb, they might think I'm a ditz. More hardened souls simply wonder what I'm really up to. But the truth is simple. I worked a LOT of different service jobs in my college years. I know what it's like standing on the other side of the counter. Some customers view you as a convenient puppy to kick. The ones who treat you like a human being...you treasure them. Me? I have a temper. I struggle with it all the time. I am no saint. But I've done a lot of spiritual reflection, and have pondered what I want my net impact on the world to be. Ideally, I want the world to be better off for having my presence. And so, I boil it down to my daily interactions: am I tearing someone down, or building them up? I look them in the eye. I learn names. I dig up a genuine smile.

*Don't kick the puppy.* With me so far? Good.

Someone "up there" has an interesting sense of humor, or just knows me really, really well. They gave me a way to keep score. It's not an actual number flashing in front of me like on Sesame Street, but I perceive it all the same. The odd *two* when I let someone into my lane on the highway. A *one* if I see an old lady lose her meds from her purse and I run them back up to her. A *five* once when I found a lady crying at the mall after she'd just lost her job. We talked for a while, I bought her a Cinnabon, and we parted ways. I didn't know what the scoring rules were, I just knew something was keeping score. And so while I still had lots of things to bite back, and still lost my temper sometimes...I kept trying to improve.

And then I got the sort of job that looks amazing on LinkedIn: a cybersecurity gig at a nationally known hospital system. My parents would certainly have something to brag about with their friends. It was fine at first; I settled in and got a steady dribble of "points." As I learned my job and environment better, the number of points I perceived went up. Cool, huh?

It clicked for me the day I skipped lunch to deal with a misbehaving firewall appliance. Intuition had told me to knock it out *now,* that this could've led to something really bad. And as I completed final checks on it, a bigger figure floated into my head: *319.* …I did mention that I worked at a BIG hospital. I sat there, stunned. All the little interactions over the last few years flashed into my head. We’re told of the butterfly effect, but nobody gets to see how far the ripples go…we just have to trust in things.

Well, this revelation totally killed the hospital gig for me. The pressure became unbearable. I second-guessed myself all the time. And so I found a different job on the dev/val side of things- lower stress, the money a bit better. I still got the odd flash of “points,” but the job was far quieter. I settled into a new work routine. This coffee shop, that sandwich place. A new set of names and faces learning mine and my “usuals.” The sandwich chain was far from my favorite, but this particular one was reliably fast, and that counts for a lot.

On the lunch rush was a young man named “Jimmy.” His parents owned the shop. Jimmy certainly didn’t look like a “Jimmy,” but he insisted “Just call me Jimmy.” He often had his college textbooks on the back counter in case of a lull. A smart kid, motivated, and his parents expected him to rise higher than sandwich shop franchisee. Once he’d learned my favorite sandwich, we’d talk about his classes, I’d throw a buck or two in the tip jar, and back to my cube I’d go.

One Friday, I ended up stuck behind some woman who resembled Miss Trunchbull from *Matilda.* This lady plainly wanted some puppy to kick and “Jimmy” was the one conveniently at hand. She ended her tirade in a racial slur, and I saw a flash of deep anger flare in Jimmy’s eyes. “Miss Trunchbull” flounced off with her meatball sub. I was next.

“*Da-amn*,” I started, “There’s an incentive to pass calculus if I ever saw one.” I flashed my most sympathetic smile. It went over like a lead balloon.

“We’re out of whole wheat,” Jimmy said quietly. “That’s what set her off to begin with. I’ve got wraps and I’ve got Italian…” His hands were shaking. He grabbed the countertop. I wasn’t getting through. I shrugged.

“If that’s the worst thing I deal with all day, I am indeed lucky,” I said. “Gimme Italian. Wraps with salami are an abomination.” *That* garnered a tiny smile. And then I got the feeling when more “points” popped up…but I didn’t have a number yet. The feeling intensified, but nothing specific. Jimmy gave me my total in an apologetic tone. The prices had gone up- probably the other reason “Miss Trunchbull” went off on him. I shrugged, grabbed a bigger bill and handed it to him. And then I got my “points” total: *5,040,087,394.* I paled.

“You okay?” Jimmy asked as he handed me my change. “Uhh, I think I left my computer unlocked at my office,” I lied. “I’ll get no end of shit for that.” I took the $5 bill I’d gotten in my change. I put it in the tip jar. “Are you closing tonight?” I asked quietly. “Those stupid demonstrators have a thing going later this evening.”

“Yeah,” Jimmy said with a sigh. “Our closer just quit.” I pondered this. Then I dug into my wallet, took out a larger bill. I put it on the counter. “Take an Uber home tonight, Jimmy. You hear me? Better safe than sorry.” Jimmy opened his mouth to protest. I gave him my best glare to shut him up. “You going to do that tonight?” I reiterated.

“Okay.” He still looked a little uncomfortable. “See you Monday, Jimmy.” And I left. Cheapest lunch in the history of the damn world. And Jimmy had snuck in extra olives.

&#x200B;

Edit: f\*\*\*ing formatting