I've never been the kind of person who colors in the lines so to speak. Rebel without a cause was one of my mothers sarcastic pet names for me. I dropped out at 18, moved out of state at 19 and by the time I turned 25 I was about to move over seas. France, the art capital of the world! To be surrounded by a sea of people who knew NOTHING about me other than what I decided I wanted them to know.. My mother had stopped speaking to me at this point, she was the only one who had known my secret..  Daddy killed himself when I was young, he hung himself in the garage when my older brother died in a car accident and my mom and I never really could connect after that. The more she tried the more I pulled away. In hindsight I know she was only trying to protect me. I made the big move September 18th. I remember sitting in the plane waiting for take off, my heart beating through my chest. I had never felt more alive, more accomplished.. I had never felt so invincible! When I finally landed in that beautiful city it's as if I could feel the whole world spinning for the first time.. I got to my studio apartment with the intention of unpacking and settling in but when I got home I couldn't calm myself enough to accomplish anything other than making a mess. I had been having panic attacks since Daddy died so this feeling was nothing new.. I decided to take a Xanax and stare out the window of my apartment until I could calm down enough to be productive. I must have started to doze off bc the next thing a remember was being startled by my phone ringing and smacking my head hard on the old window. It was my mother.. surprise, surprise. It's the same thing every time she calls. It starts off with a fake apology for not speaking, an apology of which I never reciprocate, she gets upset and starts right back in lecturing me until I tell her to fuck off and hang up. She's always meant well but I just couldn't do this with her any more.. I silenced the ringer, wiped the drool from my face and decided to jump in the shower.  I can't remember the last time I took a shower without crying. During the day while I'm dressed it's easy to pretend I'm just like everyone else but there's no hiding in the shower. It's always right there on my forearms, staring at me. On my left arm in beautiful script read Bryan, the lettering so beautiful and alluring. My Daddy was the only man I knew who spelled it that way.. I loved him so much it hurt to look at it but it was better than looking at my right arm.. no matter how much I tried not to look it always caught my eye.. Marlene. It's a sick and twisted world we live in.. to be forced to see THOSE names everyday.. most people have the luxury of not know what theirs mean. Not me though.. I have to live with it everyday, I have to live with knowing that I am my father's daughter. I wiped the tears away as I turned the shower off. Put my hair in a towel and grabbed another Xanax to calm myself before I headed out for the night. 45 minutes later I was dressed in my sexy black dress and ready for my first night out on the town. My apartment was close enough to the bars for me to walk which is why I settled for such a rundown place. I only had one beer as I'm not supposed to drink with my meds but I still danced the night away. I had been dancing for what felt like hours before I noticed him staring, and it wasn't my eyes that had caught his attention. I looked down at my arm and noticed my bracelets on my left arm had slid off at some point during the night. I quickly covered my tattoo with my right hand, tried to act as if I hadn't noticed him staring and headed to the bar to grab my purse and leave. That's when I felt him grab my arm gently.. it felt as though a million volts of electricity burst from my heart. He traced my tattoo with his fingers so softly it gave me goosebumps before I pulled back. He smiled so big, his whole face lit up. "Bryan" was all he said, I felt my face fill up with blood as I became filled with rage and tried to storm away. He stepped in front of me playfully "that's my name you have on your arm" he said with a sexy confidence.. I stopped dead in my tracks.. I had never thought.. it's my father's name.. it couldn't be?.. could it? I tried to compose myself but I couldn't. He grabbed my arm and lead me to an old stair case. When we got to the top I could see it was a roof top bar. You could see what seemed like the whole world from up there. He showed me the most magical night that night. He had a charm like I had never known, he was beautiful and funny and his accent, oh my God... I couldn't  stay away from him, months  went by and I was finding myself with him more and more. Bryan was unlike anyone I had ever met before, his short blonde hair had a hint of red.. he eyes, we often argued about, he insisted they we're green but they were actually a lighter blue. He had a big smile and a red goatee. He was so handsome and god was he funny. I would've followed that man anywhere. We had been dating for months, both of us had known already we had each other's names but we agreed not to share the other name with each other until we were certain. We decided to go back to the bar one night, the bar we had met at. I suspected he was planning on popping the question but I didn't want to spoil his surprise. You could see his nerves all over the place. That night, we lit up the town. We danced and drank like nothing else mattered. I didn't normally drink bc it isn't good to mix with Xanax but I decided to live a little that night. I think I was about 4 drinks in before he asked me. I can't remember much about the proposal but I do remember he brought me up to the roof top bar and there were white candles lit everywhere. It was beautiful and of course I said yes. I was so overwhelmed by everything, all the regulars I had come to know were coming up and hugging me, people lifting me up, grilling me with questions.. I needed a minute to breathe.. I went into the bathroom and sat in a stall for a moment, the whole room was spinning and I had never felt anything like that before. It got so bad I started to feel nauseous.. I didn't know what was wrong with me. I had, had beer before and I never got so sick, it had to have been a panic attack, so I took a Xanax quick to ground myself... I just didn't know what to do. I sat on the ground and just stared at the ceiling for a bit when Jenny walked in. She was always at the bar and we had become semi good friends over the short time I had been living there. She asked me if I was okay, I told her I thought i had too much to drink. Jenny said she had just the thing, she came into the stall where I was and pulled out a baggy. She bent over the back of the toilet and was doing something like tapping for what seemed like 20 minutes.. she finally turned to me and said come here this will fix you up.. it was cocaine, I had never seen it before but it's one of those things.. when you see it you know. I'd never really done drugs before, I mean I get my own prescribed so I didn't really feel the need to dabble in others. "Hello?!" Jenny said to try and get my attention, she bent over and snorted up 2 lines threw a rolled up twenty before she handed it to me. "C'mon" she said "you'll feel like you're sober again, it will help." So I tried my best to do what she had done but I think I did it wrong bc it burned and the taste in the back of my throat was making me gag.. Jenny laughed packed up her stuff and headed out.. by the time I got to the stairs to go back up to my fiance I had felt it kick in, my eyes felt wider and my energy levels were back up, most importantly the room wasn't spinning anymore. My muscles felt really twitchy and my body had a strange buzzyness to it. I walked over to Bryan and when he grabbed my hand he noticed the twitching. He asked if I was okay and I pulled him aside and told him what had happened. He shrieked "wtf were you thinking?!" He shoved his fingers into my mouth to the point I nearly threw up. I jumped back and slapped him. I didn't understand what he was doing but he kept telling me to stay still. I fought his hand as best I could but he grabbed my head and stuck his fingers down my throat anyways. Some other man at the bar had rushed over and pulled Bryan off of me. I was so scared my whole body started trembling, even my eyes were twitching, I felt like I was losing control of my entire body. My legs gave out and I dropped to the ground, the skin on my face felt like it was drooping and tightening at the same time. The last thing I remember was hearing Bryan trying his hardest to get that man off of him. He screamed "she's got to throw up. She mixed cocaine and Xanax!! She's gonna have a seizure! Marlene, Marlene you need to throw up baby!! Marlene?!?!!"  
