You'd think at least my parents would have at least given me some of their happiness.  They only shared pain, especially dad.  School was even worse.  As soon as the other kids knew everyone would dump all of their despair for me to carry.  They all seemed nice though, they always said thank you, too bad I couldn't feel any appreciation.

No love, no hope, nothing.  Nothing but shit.  

And boy could I feel the shit.  The bullies, the bullied, the nasty teachers, the criminal on the stolen bike, the thieves, the murderer.  I did have a lot of so called friends though, but they would always turn on me to escape their own pain.  Once they dropped off their last ounce of shame from crushing me even further, they'd leave.  I always felt that.

College was proving to be just the same.  I couldn't wait to get out and start my engineering job so I could just stop fucking talking to people.  It was hard to study with all of that weight on my mind and knowing the only thing I'd get to feel each day would hurt.  I failed statistics three times.  I even walked the graduation stage twice because I had thought I had passed.

It was a new semester, my last semester.  One way or another.  They gave us a group assignment.  Great.  I could already tell these people sucked, except her.  Instead she looked at me right away saw the same pain inside both of us, as special people tend to do.   I saw it in her eyes too but they were also brimming with something else I that couldn't  explain.  Something not shitty.  

She didn't make any donations, we just talked.  I told her everything.  She told me about her abusive father, the bullies she faced from constantly being the new kid in school.   She told me about the thugs and what they did to her when she was just a kid. Even her best group of freinds betrayed her over a rumor so they had her thrown out of prom and almost out of school.  We cried.  We held each other.  She kissed me.

I'll never forget that moment.  It was the happiest moment of my life.  Granted that may have been by default, but she was just so beautiful inside and out.  Before long I figured out what that other thing was behind her eyes, and apparently I had it too.

