The doors opened and a steady trickle of people began to enter. It soon became a stream, though the paintings were not yet unveiled. 

Waiters moved through the gathering crowd carrying trays of champagne flutes. I lifted one, needing something for my hands to fiddle with. The alcohol is a secondary thought, but it should help. 

Laura nudged me gently in the side. Following her gaze, I saw Gregg looking over at us. He offered a wave, which I returned with less enthusiasm than Laura did. 

I pinched her arm. "Stop it."

"He likes you," she said. "Go over and talk to him before all this starts."

[Now]

Her smile is disarming and it's hard to say no, but I've learned not to trust a smile. 

"I'm taken," I said. 

"You keep saying that. Haven't met him yet."

"One day." It was my turn to smile and it came easily. I drank some more champagne. 

"Nervous?"

"Better." I waggled the flute. "This seems to be helping."

I have never liked crowds and I could never tell her why, not the real reason anyway. I felt a headache coming on; nothing to do with the champagne. Mind overcrowded with things that were still happening somewhere in time behind me.

[Before] 

I always keep a neat space, unlike the rest of my house; strewn with empty pots, cans and wrappers; the basement is pristine. The light could be better, but I make do. 

Canvas covered by stained sheets line one wall. 

"My other paintings," I explain to Lucia. "Unfinished."

"You work on a few at once?"

"I like it that way." I spare the hidden paintings a glance. "Sometimes things come back from one and then another"

"The dreams?"

"I don't dream. There's just...nothing."

I look back at her, trying to read her expression. She probably thinks I take drugs, but that isn't why I black out. 

"You don't remember?"

"Just feelings." I move to the closest painting and remove the sheet, letting it puddle on the floor. 

Lucia steps closer to look. Even for me the style is hard to define. Contemporary, but also expressive and figuartive, bordering on impressionism. The shapes lack hard lines, the colors bleed into each other as they were painted – smeared – on. 

"Who is she?" Lucia asks, lifting her glasses above her nose. 

The woman is thin, too thin to be healthy or even alive. Her arms are more like sticks draped in skin, rather than flesh and blood. Pallid skin, washed out to dirty grey matching the murky water she's stepping into. The water is illuminated by what I feel can only be moonlight. Her face stands empty because I haven't painted it yet; a blank oval framed by strands of black hair. 

"The lake has an old name," I say. 

Lucia turns to me, "What?"

"I don't know. She's going to be baptized in it." Nothing about the scene suggests anything holy, but I don't voice the idea. 

"When will you finish it?"

"Now, I suppose."

Lucia steps back from the canvas, arm motioning me forward. This is something she rarely gets to see; a critic seeing a piece finished. 

My board, brushes and a scalpel sit on a sideboard. Lifting them, I step to the painting and begin mixing oils from those arrayed in front of the canvas. 

The basement's sole bare light bulb begins to buzz loud enough for me to hear. I face Lucia, but she doesn't seem to notice. 
Why is the scalpel there? 

I notice the slice across my thumb. When did that happen?

Seomthing tightens around my pelvis, tight between my thighs and pushing up against my stomach. I can taste something in the back of my throat. Along the bottom of the canvas, the water no longer has the texture of paint. The figure's posture seems to have changed, like she'S impatient. 

"The lake is a door. He sees and so does she."

"What?" 

My head is hot and cold, a think film of sweat stands out on my forehead. The light drones like a cloud of flies, drowning out my own breathing. 

I turn, and never hear Lucia scream. 

[Now]

One by one, they uncovered the paintings, beginning in one room and moving to another so the crowd is funneled in one direction. The first dozen or so were simple enough: landscapes. Not what they want to see, but they're still drawn in. 

They have the same blurring of lines, the same figurative elements that lend each the quality of something Other. Something elemental and ethereal. The pictures – even these, before the dreams - speak to people. They make them think of places we can never go, but which could be all too real.

Laura seemed impressed, though later she wouldn't be able to say why exactly and her write-up will be filled with abstracts. Only suggestions of feelings and ideas, but little in the way of in-depth analysis; even the ideas will be difficult to capture. It will be enough to entice people, which I think is the point.

Draining my second glass of champagne gave me the legs to carry on. 

I glance from the canvas to Lucia, brush hand moving on its own. As I put paint to canvas, filling in the face, coloured smoke drifts into the sclera of Lucia's eyes. It seems to burn at the edges as though corrosive. 

I wonder who else might have been here in the basement with me and why I am awake for this and not three others there must have been. 

The light in the room dims, though the bulb burns with the same intensity as before. 

The woman in the painting has a face now: black lined eyes and mouth. A theatre mask half turned to the audience, so no one can tell if it's a mask of comedy or tragedy. 

On the floor, Lucia flops and writhes; a fish tossed onto land. She finally sits up, her arms limp at her sides and looks at me, though she can’t see anymore. I know because of the way she stares, unblinking and unseeing, even though she’s looking right at me.

A theatre mask half turned. Comedy or tragedy, but more like a scream frozen at the moment before it breaks from the woman’s throat.

She looks at me and I realize why I am still conscious. 

[Now]

I’m not drunk by the end, but tipsier than I should have been. If Laura noticed – and she must - then she said nothing about it. The headache from earlier had subsided to a tiny throb in the base of my skull.

We were with the crowd in the main room of the gallery. All the paintings were uncovered. The faces looked out at me as if trying to remember where they saw me last. I think each of them knew who I was, but couldn’t place me exactly.

When they didn’t move, I was almost disappointed, but more grateful than anything else. Being carried away screaming wouldn’t be the best way to end the night — though at this point, I’m not sure what would be.

Finally, Lucia arrived. She was just suddenly in the crowd where she wasn’t before, moving in from the edges. She used a cane to guide her, and its gentle tapping was the first sign that she’s here. The crowd parted and a small wave of applause built, most likely kept low so as not to startle her. Her white hair suited her now. Her face was aged, as though it had caught up to the grey curtains framing it. 

Laura pressed forward, tugging me along. I was just tipsy enough that I couldn’t muster the strength to fight. 

Making a space at the edge of the channel formed by the crowd, Lucia passed close enough to touch. She turned as her cane tapped my foot.

“Oh, sorry,” she said, smiling. 

Only her eyes were the same as I remembered from the last time I saw them. They had the quality of shattered glass, and something else seemed to tug at the smile, like her lips were being slowly pulled wider by hooks only she could feel.

She no longer needed eyes to see, and the Other thing drifted behind her dead pupils. It saw me.

“It’s okay.”

If she/it recognized my voice or my face, it did nothing. Only nodded and carried on, directing Lucia to where it needed her to go.