'Shit' The Polaroid camera slipped from my hand, hitting the floor with a solid thunk. Just my luck, I find something magical, something which defies explanation, and I drop the bloody thing and probably break it straight away. 

I'd found it nestled in the back of the pawn shop on my way home, struggled to find a few dollars to buy the darned thing, but I thought it worth it: I've always loved photography. And then when I took the photo of Terry, the most peculiar thing happened. The picture in front of me was of a puppy, youthful and energetic, smiling up at the camera with tail wagging eagerly. And yet the dog in front of me was nothing of the sort. The real Terry lay in front of me, weary. His front left paw raised every so slightly off the ground, his attempt to alleviate the pain of old age. His fur greying, his tail limp, this was not the dog in my photo. Maybe it might've been ten years ago.

And then I realised, in every photo I took the world was different. My camera was more than that, it was a portal into the past. Ten years into the past. 

After making my discovery, I eagerly hurried home, ready to stow it away and do some research. And that's where I am now, looking at my newfound possession on the floor. 

Examining it in my hands, I notice no immediate damage. Instead, it whirs softly, and a new photo emerges.

Out of habit, rather then necessity, I shake it to see what my crystal ball will reveal. 

Two people. A man and a woman. He's holding her hand, reaching out to grab her as she turns away. There's a suitcase on the floor, packed full of clothes. I can't see much of the rest of the room, or the scene, due to the camera being dropped at an odd angle and shooting as it hit the floor. I don't need to have a picture to recognise this scene though.

Martha was standing right there when I got home, a suitcase on the bed. It didn't click at first, I couldn't compute. She didn't look up at me, just kept packing clothes. I asked her what was up, there was no response. I touched her shoulder, she recoiled. It started to set in, a realisation dawning on me.

'No.. no..' I stammer out. She says nothing, she keeps packing. I try to stop her, but she ignores me. My vision gets blurry as my body starts to shake with sobs. I grab her hand just as she pulls away again.

Ten years had past, and the wounds were as fresh as ever. 

Ten years ago, Terry had been a bright eyed, bushy tailed pup. And ten years ago, I'd been happy.

A lot can change in ten years. 
