Dan dug down, trying to find his courage. Not working. He thought of his friend, Brandon, who had plenty of courage and decided to borrow some it. The city bus rattled forward to the next stop. His stop. He craned his neck to get a view of his bus girl crush. The girl had light yellow hair. Like parchment in the history books he loved to read. He would get up and talk to her. If he embarrassed himself, well, his stop was next. A logical excuse to leave if things went bad, an even better reason to leave if things went good. Dan had a tendency to mess up good things if given adequate time. He stood up and crossed the short distance to the girl he had been idealizing all week. 

“Hey,” Dan said. He steadied himself on a steel pole next to her seat. She looked right through him, eyes glassy, almost like a dolls. Maybe he hadn’t spoken loud enough.

“Hey,” Dan said, and made a small wave to her. “I’m Dan.” She snapped out of her trance. The gaze he received almost knocked him off balance. It was full of loathing and wonderful blues and grays. And she had a constellation of freckles that could only be appreciated and seen with an intimate view. Dan watched a freckle fall as her mouth turned into a sneer. 

“Go away,” She said. “You only think you like me.” 

Dan clenched his teeth. Of course he didn’t like her. He didn’t even know her. “Yeah,” Dan said, “ I don’t. But maybe I could.” 

She stood up and threw on her backpack. Dan was surprised to see it was a hiking backpack and full up too. Her taffy hair splayed over it as she made her way down the aisle. He felt his eye start to twitch. This girl was insufferable. He went after her. “What’s your name? This is my stop also, so you’re not getting rid of me that easy.” 

The bus wheezed to a stop. People clamored to leave and pushed Dan and the girl closer together. “Just tell me your name,” Dan said. “And forget us dating. You are a rude person and I have self-respect.” The doors opened and she did her best to lose him in the crowd. The hiking backpack made that impossible. 

Dan jogged up beside her. “You’re in shape. It’s that backpack of yours. What do you have in there? Are you homeless?” He joked, but that last comment made her stop. She breathed in sharply, face turning into a tempest. 

“Yes, I am homeless. Because of people like you. I disappear to all who love me, or even like me. It was a curse given to me by a witch, because I was a fool youth. Now, leave me alone.” She closed her eyes and rolled up her jacket sleeves. 

Dan wasn’t sure what to think. What did you say to that? She left him standing there stupefied. “Wait,” Dan shouted. “You didn’t tell me your name.” 

“It’s Naomi,” She said without looking back. 

Dan smiled, and she disappeared. 

- - -

Two days had passed. Dan got up and moved to the next empty bus seat. He had hoped to sit on his invisible girl, Naomi. The lovely girl with hair like fields of wheat and freckles like shimmering pennies at the bottom of a wishing well. On to the next seat, then. Nothing. People gave him sideways glances, parents grabbed their children closer when he passed. Dan had become one of those “weird bus people” that inhabit each and every bus in the world. 

The first day back on the bus, he had hoped to see Naomi again. He went to his desk job after she disappeared, and spent all eight hours figuring out how to hate her. Maybe she went town to town killing kittens. Maybe she had been given the curse for good reason. Yet, he couldn’t make himself believe any of it. So today he had a new tactic, talk to the people who could see her.

“Excuse me, ma'am,” Dan said to an Old Lady sitting across from two empty seats. The Old Lady tried to ignore him. A sound strategy on a public bus. 

“Ma'am,” Dan continued, “I just need to know. Can you see a girl in the seats across from you? She has a hiking backpack at her feet.”
 
“I do not,” the old lady said.

Dan’s heart fell, but there were more empty seats to check. “Over there,” Dan pointed to an empty seat a ways down. “Do you see her?”

“No, I don’t. What is the point of this?” the Old Lady grumbled. 

“It’s for love, or the possibility of love,” Dan said. “It’s hard to explain. I just have to see this girl again.” 

“Why don’t you just go and talk to her yourself? Women don’t like cowards,” the old woman added with a nod. 

Dan had been a coward all week, but not today. He pressed on, “She has taffy blond hair that turns into moonlight at the very end. And freckles, except you can’t see them from here. And blue eyes that have yellow around the pupil, sunflower eyes I call them. She has a spirit that makes you take a step back. It’s so full of life, yet it’s captive and feral and could lash out at you any second. You have to help me find her.” Dan felt winded. Naomi was lost to him. Description was all he had left. He shut his eyes, trying to imagine her in his mind’s eye. Nothing. Erased. All he had was raw memory and the curse. She had spoken truly to him, and he had been left feeling naked and determined to hate her. 

The Old Lady squinted her eyes at him. Perhaps he had gone too far with his description. She cast her hawk’s gaze around the bus. 

“Well, I found her,” the Old Lady said. “She’s right over there. Next to the doors.” She pointed, bracelets jingling. 

Dan placed his hand on her shoulder. “Thanks, I can’t tell you how much this means.” He stood up, but a hand grabbed his wrist. The Old Lady’s. 

“What’s her name?” The Old Lady asked, looking at the girl. It was an empty seat to Dan.

“Naomi.” 

“Naomi,” The Old Lady whispered. “I like her.” Then the Old Lady nodded to Dan, and shooed him away with a flick of the wrist and cling of bracelets. 

Dan looked to the empty seat next to the door, and his heart skipped a beat. There she was. “Yes!” He shouted. He couldn’t contain himself. “Naomi!” He ran over to her, shoving more than a few people to the side. 

“You shouldn’t be able to see me,” Naomi said, face a storm cloud of confusion. 

“I don’t care,” Dan said. “It looks like you’re stuck with me.” 

“How?” was all Naomi managed to say. Her eyes asked so much more. 

“I described you to that Lady over there. In great detail.” He smiled broadly, and pointed to the Old Lady. “So much so that she said she liked you.” The Old Lady watched them with curiosity.

“When a lover paints you, a stranger may see,” Naomi whispered, searching for words long lost. “You will be born again, a ghost no more.” She glanced from the Old Lady to Dan. “For you are found.” 

The bus began to slow. Dan gathered his courage, his own this time. “Naomi.” She stared at him, sunflower eyes wide. “We are going on a date tonight, because I found you.” A small smile crept onto her lips. 