Henry sat with his family, huddled close as they watched the timer count down in the lower right. All channels were showing the same thing: A telescope pointed a gigantic rock planet, headed our way. The screen switched between a live feed and The “Earth Union” that had sprung up after NASA had discovered the planet hurdling towards us. Funny what can happen when you all know you are going to die. You start working together, doing anything to save yourself. Wars basically stopped, although terrorist groups took advantage of the chaos and much of Europe was gone, not that it mattered as we would all be dead in 24 hours anyway. The TV would keep broadcasting until the last second, and most were watching it as what else could you really do? Henry had already emailed or texted everyone he ever knew, as the phones was down due to the heavy traffic. Some cults had started, many suicides were found, and the government was going to start handing out Suicide pills around hour 12 worldwide. The Earth was going to get really hot before we all died, and those of us against suicide would be in for hell of hot time. We probably would have wished we had taken them when our skin starts to melt off. All the world’s leaders in the Earth Union were giving epic speeches, though most of us hated the Earth Union. After serval dozen attempts at trying to stop the planet, they had resorted to building “an arc” where all the rich/famous and officials will board as well as astronauts and all matters of scientists. , along with frozen and of all earth’s species, will leave Earth around hour 12 for good. They will be bound for mars, and will try and make a home there. The rest of us get to die.
Hour twelve comes by and the Arc launches. It doesn’t even make it half way before a nuke explodes. The cameras fill with white and he can hear his wife cry out in shock, and his two kids start to cry. Henry closes his eyes. Now everyone smart is dead and the world will end. Way to go terrorists, you certainly got what you wanted. 
Henry looks around, the final moments of his life. His wife had served lemonade and unknown to him it had crushed pills in it. She had served it with a smile to his kids and offered him one, but he had declined. They drank as they watched the timer count down to zero. It wouldn’t happen exactly at zero, but the gravitational pull would mess up our power system or whatever, and everything would go silent until it was over. He saw it hit zero and he held the glass of lemonade. The President, god bless him had stayed behind as he wanted to comfort the nation until the TV stopped broadcasting. His final words were “Though I walk through the valley of death…” he didn’t even finish as it hit zero. Henry took a swig of the lemonade and rested his head on his wife’s still warm lap, his kids sleeping peacefully by her feet.
He woke up a few hours later, confused as hell. It was 6am on October 25th, 2015. That’s what the clock said. The TV showed the same image as when he had last closed his eyes: The President in the Rose Garden reading from a bible. Confused he went outside and knocked on his neighbor’s house door, one he knew that was sticking around. With no answer he opened it up, “Hello, Jeff? He said, entering the house, going to the living room. Jeff was frozen with his family, watching the TV with the same image on it. “Hello, Jeff?” he said, his voice full of wonder as he moved his hand in front of his eyes, clapped, yelled, but no movement came. 
With sudden pain his arm reddened, and in cursive it wrote directly into his flesh, “however long it takes, save us".” Henry looked at it, his mind boggled. This was all too much.
Day 2.
Henry was discovering new things about his frozen state. For one, he never felt tired or hungry. He hadn’t even though of food and he hadn’t eaten since Zero Day. Also, he could still move things, and internet, power, and everything worked. He had posted all over the net and on reddit, but nothing was being responded too, has he had come to learn, all humans were frozen. He could move them and touch them, and they were still warm to the touch. He made a decision early on that he would not mess with anyone. After all, his arm had said “save us.” Not “rape us.” 
After the initial shock, he spent days in grieving, for his family was dead, and yet here he was, still alive, trying to save the world… but what did it matter if he had nothing left to come back too?
Day 5
Henry hadn’t thought of documenting anything until after visiting his Brother. He was still alive and well, with his family huddled around him. “I won’t let you down, John; I will do this for you. Just because I lost everything, doesn’t mean you have too. I have… forever, I think” he said to his unmoving Brother.
Day 100
“A 100 days! “ Henry exclaimed to no one in particular. He had spent 100 days doing nothing except on his computer. Ever imagine what you could get done if you didn’t need to sleep or eat, or have any pesky people bothering you? Henry was building a network of ideas. He wasn’t the brightest guy but he had gone to college, and the first thing he knew what he should do is brain storm. How the hell do you stop a gigantic planet headed for earth? He had a couple of benefits that NASA and the Earth Union didn’t have: Time.  He could do anything now to get rid of it, after all, according to his scar he had unlimited time. This gave him options that no one had even considered. At first he went to the obvious thing: Get all the nukes and launch them at it. Then he had considered what might happen if it did blow up. So he had started learning computer modeling, code, and programming. It would take time as Henry had never been the technical type.
Day 562
He now had a more thorough understanding of the planet. Henry was at Titan, the super computer cluster in Oak Ridge, Tennessee. It too had been already working on simulations of it impacting earth, but Henry had modified and added to the program, and had simulated blowing up the planet. He had tried it a thousand different ways, but each time the debris still destroyed earth. Right now the planet was about 100,000 miles away from earth. It was travelling at 25,000 miles per hour, and would have destroyed them in about 4 seconds after Zero. One thing he did not know for sure is that if he destroyed it, would time resume? He had to be sure that what he did would work 100%, as he didn’t want to unfreeze time only to fail.
Day 1022
Henry had set Titan on an algorithm that slightly modified the way he would blast the planet, from all angles, with different payloads, or timed explosions or what not. By his estimations, it would take around a decade to through all the feasible ones. In the meantime, Henry decided he needed a break. He had been learning about computers, robots, code, and such nonstop with no breaks for almost three years now. He decided he would re-watch some old movies and play some video games, all the ones he hadn’t had time for as a Father with two kids.
Day 2055
He put down the controller and rubbed his eyes. They didn’t hurt but it was an old habit. Just because he didn’t get tired anymore didn’t mean he would stop getting headaches. He would get them from time to time if he stared at a screen to long or didn’t get up and walk around. He had raided a GameStop and had set up a gaming heaven in a movie theater. He was getting bored; after all gaming alone is not so much fun after you play all the best single player titles. He had watched every movie he could find, and went to a bunch of cool places and seen all the remaining movie stars or famous people. He had also switched off any TV he found as he was sick of looking at the President.   He decided to get back to work. 
Day 2500
Titan had come up with nothing. Every scenario left earth destroyed. It was time to think of something else. He was becoming quite the nerd now, and had set up quite the station in Oakridge Library. Lucky for him none of the hardware seemed to age, whatever was happening had frozen time and objects but still allowed it to pass. It was odd, but he didn’t think about it often now. He was also building a network of computers for a distributed computing powerhouse. He had gone to all the big data centers in the US and installed his software, making use of the infrastructure that was his to use. He had a pretty good network now, and his simulations zipped by quickly, though nothing was working, no matter what he did the planet mass would still destroy earth.
Day 3021
Eight years since he had woken up still alive. At this point he had abandoned anything related to explosives. He was watching Wall-E while reading an e-book on advance A.I., when a brilliant idea came to him. He furiously started typing away at his keyboard, writing code and designing models through CAD. He worked through his headaches as inspiration took over him.
