I rub my temples and groan over my textbook, elbows pressed against the cold tabletop. I can't read this crap with Dan cutting his God damn leg hair!

Snip... Snip Snip.... Snipsnipsnip. 

I shut the book and grab my phone. Passing through my open door I glare at the bathroom door. I rap my knuckle on the on the hollow pine door and hear Dan jump on the other side.

"Dude! When are you going to be done in there?" I yell, "I can't stand this scissor shit!"

"Dude!" He growls back, "I *got* to trim my leg hair! My pants give me rub burns if I don't!"

"Buy a god damn hair trimmer, Dan! What kind of a jackass trims his leg hair with scissors?!!"

There is only silence on the other side of the door, and then the sound of his phone unlocking. "...Is trimmer spelled T-R-E-M-I-R?"
My face plants into the door. "...Dan, what's your Mom's phone number?" I say as I unlock my phone. Someone needs to get this kid some help.

A cold hand touches my back. "Is there a line for the bathroom?" My goth roommate asks.

"No, Ed. I need Dan to STOP CUTTING HIS LEG HAIR WHEN I AM TRYING TO STUDY!"

"MY PANTS ARE GIVING ME RUB BURNS!"

"STOP WEARING SKINNY JEANS, DICK WEED!" Silence falls again, and I hear can unlock his phone. I plant my face in the door again.

"Ravenblood," Ed corrects me.

"We went over this. I am *not* calling you raven blood. Your friends can call you whatever made up name you like. We use real names in this dorm"

Ed gets notably pissed, but his face stays as pale and grey as ever. He turns away from me and yells towards the bathroom, "Dan, are you done in there yet? I am starving out here!"

I reel back and stare wide eyed at goth boy. "Ed, what is the actual hell are you doing in the bathroom?!"

His eyes flash away nervously, and he mumbles, "I am a messy eater..."

I stare at him in disbelief and just walk away. I rub my temple and go past Hector, who has his hands on his butt cheeks and his face pressed flat against an unplugged toaster. 

I think I am going to stay at my parents tonight.
