Luke opened the door and stepped in the cell where the inmate resided in solitary confinement.

Peter Wellington was curled in a ball in the far corner facing the wall. He didn’t get up nor made a sound when Luke entered. The monster only remained motionless as if unaware of his new visitor.

Luke drew a concealed pistol. The past decade finally culminating to this moment. Hatred almost overcame him to shoot then and there. One question though rattled his mind though…

“Why?”

The inmate didn’t move.

“Fucking answer me, WHY?”

That got his attention. The inmate begrudgingly sat up and looked up. There was something off though. Luke had lost count the number of times he stared at his picture from news clippings all these years. It was indeed the very same face who murdered his mother a decade ago. That was when he realized what was off, the face hadn’t age a day at all.

Peter sighed, “Why what?”

Hatred began replacing bewilderment again.

“Mary-Anne Waymire”

Peter drew a deep breath, “If I am suppose to guess here, she’s a relative of yours or something?”. He studied Luke intently, “Bastard son I take it? You would have your grandfather’s cheekbones.”

“Quit with the sarcasm and answer the question!”

Peter raised an eyebrow, “I’m serious, John was a handsome-looking man in his prime. I only meant it as a compliment.”

John? Lucky guess. Luke raised the sidearm.

Laughter filled the cell, “By all means, I would welcome death. Please.”

There seemed to be faint sincerity in that last word, but rage had drowned everything out in Luke’s mind. He pulled the trigger.

The gun jammed.

Peter shrugged, “I should’ve expected less.”.

He stood up calmly and walked towards Luke. Frantically, Luke’s hands worked to unjam the sidearm. It all happened too fast. Peter’s hands grabbed his throat. Luke tried breaking away but his grip was unusually strong.

Peter leaned in. His clenched jaw hissed, “The universe won’t let me die was why. Ever since I awoke in those woods centuries ago, absent of any memory, it has been my prison and I its sole inmate. ‘I envied her’ was why.”

A crack echoed the cell then everything faded into nothing.