"Calling all residents of Jack's bedroom!" a voice boomed.

The closet shook, and out stepped a towering, three-eyed, pink-skinned monster. "You woke me up," he complained, stepping forward... in Jack's light-up sneakers. "Oh, uh, I was just making sure these things still work for Jack. Yeah."

The carpet rippled, and a long, snake-like creature slithered out. "I was in the middle of dinner!" she complained, sporting a suspicious lump in her throat. She coughed, and a Twix bar flew out, still in its wrapping.

"Quit your whining." The windows rattled, and a small, ape-like creature fell out. "This sounds important."

"Indeed, it is," said the monster who called them there. He was the scariest of them all -- black fur, yellow cat's eyes, and twisted antlers. "Actually, I'm kind of new here, so let me introduce myself. There are some who call me... Tim. I live under the bed; I moved in after Andrew retired. And -- "

"Booooo!" shouted a stout, hairy, fanged monster, in the middle of a poker game with another monster. "Get to the point! I'm about to win Jack's entire comic book collection from Ralph, here."

"Jack's... been kidnapped."

The snake hissed. The towering monster screamed. The ape began to sob. The two stout monsters dropped their cards.

"How do you know?!"

"I thought he was visiting his grandparents!"

Tim sighed. "I overheard Mom-Human and Dad-Human talking last night. While you all were partying in the closet --" he shot eyes at the towering monster, who turned away and blushed -- "they were talking to the police." He coughed, and turned to the snake. "By the way, Ethel, my invitation to the closet party got lost in the mail, I think. Next time, you can just slip it under the bed --"

"That was no mistake," she hissed back, so venomously that Tim jumped.

"I've seen the news," the towering monster said, his voice nearly a whisper. "They don't do nice things to kids who have been kidnapped."

"True that. We can't just stand here and wait for him to come back," the ape said, climbing on to the bed.

"Damn straight," the stout monsters said, in unison. One of them opened Jack's sock drawer and pulled out a long knife. "I'll shank the bastard."

"Emerson! What --" the ape chittered.

"I stole it from the kitchen," he laughed, taking a swipe at the furniture.

"You want to use the knife as your weapon... and not your 3-inch-long fangs?" Tim asked, quizzically.

Ralph laughed. "Ahaha, those are just dentures. His real ones got too many cavities --"

"Hey! Shut your mouth!" Emerson growled.

"I'm in, too," Ethel said, slithering towards the door.

The towering monster was strapping the light-up shoes back on his feet. "Me too."

Tim opened the door, and the motley crew of monsters thundered down the stairs.

---

r/CSDouglas