To the untrained eye, the forest glade was like any other. A verdant spot of green, for sure, but no more lush or vibrant than the dozen or so other clearings in the vicinity. It would have taken someone focused, patient, and determined, to sense that something was askew – for instance, that the same butterfly flitted through the same path in a repeating 30-minute cycle, or that the rabbits which trundled through the undergrowth left no imprints on the soil. 

But Connor Bolton had magic on his side, and he was familiar with the illusions wrought by the Council. The spell left his lips in a whisper, and he peeled back the edges of the smokescreen. The mansion stood tall under the veil, as gaudy and imposing as he had remembered it. He sensed his brethren gathered within, and the thought of them laughing at him, poring over his mistakes, stoked the fires in his belly.

*There’s a line, and you all have crossed it,* he thought.

He brushed past the glyphs which sought his authentication, and ignored the murmuring alarms which nettled at the edges of his hearing. No one rushed to impede him, and in less than a minute he had reached the inner sanctum. He placed a bit more weight than was necessary into throwing open the door, and the hinges creaked in protest.

“Alright, fun’s over,” he said. “You got me. Har-har. A hundred points to whoever came up with this plan to teach ol’ Connor a lesson. You can stop it now.”

As his eyes adjusted to the dimness within, his annoyance ebbed away faster than a wave at low tide. He had expected the Council to be in full session, because, frankly, there were very few other places they preferred to be. That was their whole problem – the entire world at their feet, but they chose to seclude themselves away here, tucked away like skeletons in a closet. In fact, on the few occasions he had deigned to visit, Connor had never seen more than one or two seats empty.

Yet, only two chairs at the roundtable were occupied. Excluding his own, which had been empty so often that the Council had once voted to remove it completely, that meant that there were fifteen immortals roaming the earth at this point.

*This has never happened before,* he thought.

“What lesson would you be referring to, exactly?” 

“Head Councilor Ranken, I mean this whole business about... about the humans and their rumors that I actually rose from the dead. Every newspaper, every stream… that’s the only thing they are talking about now, that I did not truly die in that accident, and that I have somehow escaped death. It’s not funny anymore, ok?”

“But you are alive, are you not?”

“You know that’s not what I am referring to!” said Connor, as he slammed his palm down on the table. “Are you trying to have me say it? Well, then, fine! I’m sorry, alright? I’m sorry I ignored all your warnings about interacting with the humans, and I’m sorry that I courted fame so incessantly! I realise how serious it can be if the humans learned about us! I should have just been thankful for my immortality, cooped myself up here with the rest of you, and suffered the immense boredom myself! There, I’ve said it!”

“That’s a poor apology,” said the girl next to Ranken. 

The form which Sylvie had taken was that of a twenty-year old, though Connor reckoned that she was a couple of centuries older than he was. No matter how young she made herself look though, the severity never left her features.

“Look,” said Connor. “I’m just… agitated, ok? This is getting out of hand, and I’m actually worried now. Please, just call off your agents, or lift whatever enchantment you’ve laid on me. I won’t do it again, I promise. I’ll sell all my holdings, I’ll give it all up. I’ll break all my ties, and I’ll even-”

“We didn’t do anything,” said Ranken, as he folded his papers and pushed them away. “None of us had any part to play in this. This was all done by you, and this is all very *real*. The secret’s out, my friend.”

Connor was quiet for a moment, then he managed a nervous chuckle. “You’re kidding, right? We’ve been through this before! You know, sometimes I go a bit too far, get a bit too flamboyant for my own good… but your agents were always there! You managed to tamper down the wilder rumors. Or helped me work the necessary magic to undo any permanent damage I may have caused. Surely… surely that’s the same this time, right?”

Sylvie shook her head, then held up three fingers. “You made three mistakes which the combined weight of the Council cannot undo, fool. Shall I enumerate them for you?”

Connor slumped into the chair opposite her, and nodded.

“One – the persona you chose this time hit just a *bit* too close to home. Not satisfied with your usual rock star or actor, correct? No, you just had to go be a bloody scientist, and one whose entire field of research was in *immortality*!”

“I thought… I thought it would be amusing, seeing as it is impossible for them-”

“I’m not finished!” said Sylvie, as her magic bore down on Connor. “Two – you were careless in the staging of your death! You assumed that it would be safe as long as there were no human witnesses when you burned down your laboratory! Have you ever considered that your rivals would have installed all manner of contraptions to spy on you? Did you happen to check for *those*?”

“But… I didn’t know that-”

“Three – your samples were collected without your knowledge, Connor. Hair, skin, fluids… it’s with them now.”

“That… that’s not as bad as it sounds, right? They won’t find anything! There’s no secret to our immortality in our flesh, that I am sure of! Our magic is that which gives us power, and even if they had my samples, there is no way that-”

Head Councilor Ranken stood. The room darkened further, and then motes of light rose from his splayed palms, forming strings of runes in the air.

“See for yourself,” Ranken said. “We have peered into the future ourselves, and the analysis does not lie. Your actions have moved the impossible into the realm of the *probable*. You may think the whole idea laughable, but there will always be those humans who will take your claims of discovering immortality *very seriously*. Coupled with the evidence of you escaping the fire in a portal, and the likelihood that your samples will get matched up with all the other personas you’ve scattered around… in less than a hundred years, humans will have irrefutable proof that we exist.”

“So let’s stop it! Let’s go out, all of us! We’ll hunt it all down, and we’ll scrub every single-” 

Sylvie smiled again, and it was her turn to add to the runes on display. “You’ve tipped us past the balance, Connor. Every action we take now only adds to the mess. Once the humans have their proof, who knows what they will do with it? Will they aspire to immortality through their own methods? Will they deduce that we had magic on our side, and will they develop the technology to combat it? Will they hunt us down, imprison us, experiment on us?”

“It’s not too late! We can still do something!”

Ranken snapped his fingers, and the runes turned to ash. He gestured towards the empty seats, and nodded again.

“Yes. And that something, is to run.”

---

/r/rarelyfunny 
