*bang bang bang*

"Mister Pryce? Mister Pryce are you home?"

My daughter has been crying out there for an hour now. Only a matter of time before the neighbor would hear. This game has gone on long enough. 

"You damn well know I am Susan." I pressed my forehead against the bolted door. 

There was another whimper from my daughter before Susan hushed her. "I can tell from your tone you're in another one of your moods, and here and now I must say we've all had enough! Rose here, she deserves a good father, a good home. I'm sure that man is still somewhere inside you."

I turned away from the door, towards my wife. She lay where I'd left her, slumped to the side of the hall. It was the most difficult thing I've ever had to do, but I knew she wasn't really my wife. I slumped down beside the body and took another swig from my scotch. "Please." I banged the back of my head against the door. "Please just go." The tears came and the sick feeling in the pit of my stomach sank deeper. 

It was quiet but for a helicopter in the distance and the TV switched to the local news in the living room. Susan spoke up again "Mr. Pryce, I truly thought you were a different sort of man. I'm taking Rose with me. I should hope you realize the effect this is having on your sweet daughter."

"The effect it has on me is far worse Susan, if there even IS a Susan any longer." I was speaking to the void now, as they both were silent, though maybe not gone. 

I stood slowly and stumbled for the television, eyes red from drink and lack of sleep. I took up the remote and looked into the eyes of the weatherman. 
"Well folks it's gonna be another cool night tonight, the seasons have just changed and I think I speak for all of us when I say it's more than welcome."

I broke into a grin. The changes were just so obvious to me, yet I seem to be the only one who could tell. The man on the screen was a lie. A plant to make us all complacent. No one notices the slight extra twitch of his lips, or the half-millimeter dilation in his pupils. His hair is cut totally differently and we're all supposed to just take it on blind faith that he's not infected? For twenty-three years Brett Giles of Aberdeen at Five has had the exact same hair. 

I don't know how many real people are left. I know my wife turned her laugh was just a pitch too high. I know my daughter did too, she *hated* nail polish. If Susan wasn't turned yet, she definitely is now. I can't let my daughter go on being one of *them* for one more night. 

Then Brett Giles, once-meteorologist, once-man, held his once human finger to his once human ear. With an almost human clearing of his throat, he spoke again with a renewed extra wide grin. "If I could turn our attention, as a county, towards one special person, a hero in whatever is left in each of our hearts.." The screen cut away. My scotch hit the ground and shattered. My face. It was my face on TV, sitting beside an aerial view of my house. My lawn. There were hundreds of people on *my* front lawn,  silent and unmoving. "That's right, Pryce. You are the last one."

*BANG BANG BANG*