     "Britney, what're you talking about? Are you alright?

She had a strange look in her eyes but I didn't understand then. I didn't know how to take it. Was it a joke? Was it a prank that I just didn't get? It doesn't seem like something we should say.

She looked back at me and started babbling, speaking too fast to understand, about things that didn't make any sense. I hadn't heard her say non sense like this since we we're experimenting with acid in college. We had done a lot together. It is one of the things that brought us so close in a strange kind of way.  That was a long time ago now. We weren't the same people anymore. She must have realized at the time how I felt. She grabbed my hand and told me to "Look!"

I followed her into the bathroom and she opened the closet. It's hard to explain what I saw next. It was alive but like a part of the house. It was made of flesh, like a giant vagina. It rose and fell like it was breathing. This was a living thing. But I had no idea what to think. I remember imagining that it might be an animal or part of one. The smell was horrible. Britney was excited to show it too me and seemed to know what it was and was comfortable about it.

     The first words I could muster were, "Britney, what the fuck is that?"

     "It's a kind of portal... a flesh portal, it's how we get there." She responded.

I stood startled for a while, not knowing what to say or to think. This thing wasn't there six weeks ago when we left for Italy. How did it get there and who put it there. I had more questions than I had composure to ask. I just stood there silent and in shock.

     "Kevin, you should go in first because you've never done it and if you see me go                 first, I'm afraid you'll never follow."

Go in? This was now the strangest thing I had ever seen? My wife wants me to go into that thing?

     "What do you mean, what the fuck is that?"

     "It's the way to mother Kevin."

Now it was even more strange. I remember wondering if Britney had sudden on set mental illness of some kind? Has she been like this for some time now? How hadn't I noticed. Mental illness doesn't explain what I was looking at. Britney's mom had died only a few years before from cancer. Was she trying to get us to commit suicide so that we could be with her dead mother? It didn't make any sense to me then.

Britney pushed me forward and I was now uncomfortably close to this giant alien vagina growing out of the floor of my house. The smell was horrible and now I could feel the warm putrid air coming out of it. There was something else strange I realized at that moment, the voices coming from it. They started off very faint and seemed to grow louder and louder. I couldn't understand them for some time but eventually they started to come in. It wasn't one voice. It seemed like a million people chatting back and forth and cats meowing. 

Britney grabbed me by the shoulder and looked into my eyes. And calmly asked,

     "Can you hear them now? They wanted me to bring you back with me. I have to   go back and you have to come with me. I was only permitted a set amount of time. We have to hurry. We're wasting time here. It's better on the other side."

It's hard to explain to someone who has never seen a flesh portal to explain why you went into one. Especially to explain why you went in the first time. Britney knew this and didn't even try. Her plan was just to get me close enough to it. Close enough to let mother reason with me. The things mother says aren't audible. They're more directed than that. Her messages aren't conveyed in words. It's more of a transfer of understanding. I've now learned that she never tell you more than you need to know. The first thing she had told me was why I must enter the flesh portal. I didn't know why but now I knew what I had to do.

Britney smiled at me, she knew what I was about to do. I went head first into it. It was wet and nasty and smelled. I came to quickly learn that this was only the beginning of the discomfort. It was only vertical for a few meters and the walls held you tight to prevent you from falling too fast. The passageways of the flesh portal expanded rapidly  after it became level. I was now able to stand but couldn't see. I still had my phone in my pocket. I turned on my phone's flashlight so I could navigate forward. The voices were much louder now seemed audible. It wasn't mother. It was like millions of human voices, speaking different languages and rambling on, speaking over each other. There were animal sounds too. At first it was just cats but now I could hear horses and birds. I used the light to go forward. There was no way to go back. The entrance had closed behind me. I wanted to wait for Britney but her voice was the most clear here in the tunnel. She told me to go forward. She couldn't pass through until after I had.

I walked forward for what seemed like hundreds or thousands of meters until I noticed something in the wall. It was teeth, human teeth and not just teeth but it looked like a lower jaw. I reached out to touch it and it began to move. The walls were pink and made of flesh. The jaw was being articulated by muscles in the wall. This is where I shit myself.I knew that this was a bad idea now. But there was no where to go and Britney was telling me to keep going forward. She seemed annoyed and disappointed in me now.

I knew something wasn't right but I continued forward. Now the walls were covered in bones. They were mostly human but some were things I couldn't describe. Not really animals but other things. Some of the bones were being manipulated by muscles in the walls and some were still. The passageway eventually opened into a large chamber. The voices became much louder here. Not Britney's but all the others. 

I looked around the chamber. It was roughly round and had maybe a ten meter radius. There were body parts with flesh still on them moving all around me now. The voices wanted me to lye down. I couldn't hear Britney anymore at all. The other voices had grown so loud now. It was becoming hard to think. My heart was beating fast. I started to panick and then started to run. 

I barely got a step before something grabbed my ankle and I tripped to the ground. It was a human hand. The floor was full of teeth and jaws and and hands and claws. They were pulling me down, biting me and pulling the flesh off my bones. The voices were laughing now. This was enjoyable to them. Painful isn't a good description, it's pure agony. The fingers gouged out my eyes and teeth bit off my ears in the first first seconds of hitting the floor. The hands and teeth were on me and inside me. This is the point where you lose consciousness the first time you travel through a flesh interface. It's even worse once you're accustomed to it. You remain aware for more of the process.

Britney was eager to show me the new home she had found for us. It was a great spot and I loved it. It was a small cave. The entrance was submerged but our living chamber was try and rocky. Beautiful stalactites hung from the ceiling. Some were purple and others green. These were perfect decorations. The greatest thing about our new home was that we could hear mother now when she called. Mother could be heard more clearly now and it was very reassuring. Life on the other side was always so uncertain, so short but here mother takes care of everyone.

Britney knew I was hungry and assured me there was plenty to eat in the proximity of the cave. She didn't speak to me like she did on the other side. Now she communicated like mother, we both did. Shrimp were always swimming outside and insects could enter our cave through small openings. The temple had livestock if there was some shortage here. Mother made sure we had meat. She had always made sure that everyone had meat. Britney had spent a long time here finding this place for us. I didn't understand at first but now I understood fully.

Britney left and came back with a shrimp. She presented it to me and asked me to help remove the barnacles from her chitin with my claws. I wasn't very good at it but since then I've practiced and become a much better groomer. It has always been important to be a good husband to Britney. Especially since she saved me from the other side and showed me this. I was separated from mother but now we were all together. I owe Britney everything 


(This is fan fiction.) please see https://www.reddit.com/r/9M9H9E9/wiki/narrative