"Hey." Said Death, awkwardly.


"Hey." Answered Life, scratching his elbow.


"Can we...talk for a bit?" Asked Death. With her scythe she pulled a couple of asteroids and made a makeshift pair of stools.


"Fine." Said Life, sitting on one of the stools. He crossed his arms and stared angrily at Death, as she gently sat down, trying to not mess her gray toga.


"It don't have to be like..." Tried to start Death.


"Like what?! Like bleak and sad!? Why do you have to ruin everything?!" Life stood, angrily waving his arms. "Look at this! Look at how you ruined EVERYTHING!"


Around them nothingness shone dark and stood immovable, not a single atom as much as shimmed around the universe. Except close to Life, close to him they exploded, dashed, mixed and broke. As far as his light shone, there was life and there was movement, but his light was nothing but a shimmer now.


"I worked so hard all this time!" Screamed Life.


"I know." Said gently Death.


"And you were always there... always waiting... prowling... like a damn disease..." Sobbed Life, sitting back at his cold stool. For an inch of a second, the asteroid he sat at brightened with heat, vapor forming around Life as if a Nebulous Cloud, forming into a new galaxy.


Death extended her hand and pressed Life's shoulder. The galaxy no longer was forming, ice and entropy taking over each and every atom of water in the cloud. Death sighed as she noticed that the vapor formed into beautiful crystals of ice, each shining a kaleidoscope of light as they passed through Life's wavering light.


"You know that my job is just as important as yours... remember those creatures on that little blue planet?" Spoke Death, caressing Life's back.


"Yeah... their existences were so... short though." Spoke Life in a raspy tone.


"But they accomplished so much in that little time they had. Do you think they would achieve just as much if they had all the time in creation?" Death now stood behind Life, her scythe leaned on her right shoulder shining a beautiful golden against Life's flickering light.


"Yeah... I have to admit it... I put so much fear of you in them..." Life smiled, putting one of his hands over Death's and holding it, feeling it's cold. "They... hasted to create... they even killed each other trying desperately to prove they were right one over the other..." Life pulled Death's hand and kissed it's back, holding it tight.


Death gently moved her scythe and pulled a flock of hair that stood over Life's eyes.  She moved her hand from his and scratched his beard, feeling the last waves of his warmth. "I missed you, you know?" She leaned and gave a kiss on his head, feeling his gentle smell for one last time.


"Will it hurt?" Asked Life, resignated.


"It already was." Said Death, leaning her scythe over her right shoulder once again. "Come, we have to go now." She pulled his hand and gently held it, her fingers entwined with his lightless ones.


"What will happen now?" Asked Life, walking alongside her towards a marble door, just a few steps away from Everything.


"I don't know. I think we will have to find out, together." Death smiled and turned the door knob.