There I layed on that table with people I didn't know around me. It wasn't hot but all I could feel was a piercing chill through my while body that made me sweat. I could feel how the air was thinking as I exhaled. The grey world around me slowly faded away and darkness fell over me like a the night after a very long day.

I suddenly felt the release of my body into nothingness as a liberating and forgiving force expanding me in all directions until I couldn't feel where myself started or ended.
The bigger I was getting the brighter the light was all around me, I was nothing and all.

Then I slowly started to contract again but this time I wasn't the body that was lying somewhere I can barely remember. This time I was the true me; nothing but a irradiacent sphere shining in all directions but no matter how bright I was my shine felt like a dim light in comparison to the place I was, it was an immense white that smother my whole self.

Then I realised I wasn't alone, a bigger being started to form next to me. Some how it felt familiar but not exactly like part or me.

"Welcome" I heard a voice inside of me.

"Where..am I?" I asked.

"Your previous existence as you knew it has ceased" the voice replied.

"It is funny" I though, I always believed  that you would be born, live, die and that would be the end. Nothing more than nothingness. That thought never caused me discomfort at all. Quite the opposite, it provided me a speck of hope that one day the suffering of my existence would wash away.
A sudden realisation of where and why I was flashed thought my mind.
"I am here to be judged right?"
"All of my actions determined my outcome...so be it!" I said.
"I am ready for whatever awaits me, either heaven...or hell". Then I understood what could mean but neither fear nor regret were part of my now ended life thus I'm not planing to have them after it.

Nothing, just silence.

I wonder if there is something I should do or say.


"Even though you might nor remember, you've been here before" said the voice.
"You've were judged and what you just lived was your punishment, the cleanse had succeeded and you are able to advance to the next stage"

I couldn't not believe what am listening, is that alright? I was...in Hell?

The sphere started to expand but thus fine I could feel it's warm radiation. I felt like I was being absorbed, melted into something new.
And as I also started to expand with it I heard just one more thing:

"Joy is yours".
