The machine was dark, and cramped, and loud. It screeched at me despite the multiple layers of ear protection I had, sounding like an alarm going off. Like something was going wrong. Like I would be stuck in the abyss between this time and the next, a space of no time at all, an eternity of this screeching sound again and again and again ...


It was hard to remain calm, even with all my training. After all, this was it, the big day. I wasn't in a simulator, able to tune out my thoughts and focus on my breathing. All those months of preparation, all boiling down to this miracle of science actually *working* with its first human subject.


I'd done a lot of crazy things in my time. But nothing so crazy as time travel.


Before my thoughts could spiral into more panic, the noise died down. My ears rang from the silence, and I dared not move for a few long moments.


Finally, I couldn't delay any longer. Either I was in the future, or I was not. Time to find out which it was.


The latches to open the machine were easy to find, even in the pitch black. These were all motions I had done a hundred times before. Unlock, unlock, unlock, then *push* with all my might ... The lid opened and light flooded in, almost blinding me.


Odd. They hadn't kept the lights dimmed, which was the plan. As I sat up, my hand strayed to my hip before I clenched it into a fist. I missed the weight of my gun there, but the scientists had been adamant about me bringing nothing but myself and my clothes. 


My eyes were adjusting as I swung my feet out of the machine. There was dead quiet, still, and my senses went on even higher alert. This wasn't just odd now, this was dangerously wrong. I scanned the machine room, muscles tense. Nothing here but two security cameras and the clock on the wall.


The clock blinked. *18:01:12. 18:01:13.* So either someone had changed the clock as a joke, or it had actually worked. 


I pushed away my shock and awe. All earlier traces of panic were gone, dissolved into professionalism. Why was no one using the intercom to congratulate me on the success of the mission and give me the keyword to take back? 


I paced the small room once, twice. Something was wrong. I was just supposed to get here, check the time, wait to hear the keyword, then get back. I wasn't supposed to leave this room, to touch anything.


I stopped in front of the door that lead to the testing room, the room where all the scientists were supposed to wait with baited breath. There was no window in the door, so if I wanted to see more, I would have to open it. To touch the doorknob, move the door, change the future ... The future. So strange to call it that, when it just felt like my present.


"Please confirm if you can hear me," I called. The intercom did not crackle to life. The lights did not dim.


"Oh, to hell with it," I mumbled and opened the door.


Blood. It was splattered everywhere, across all the monitors and white walls and sterile scrubs of the technicians. That was Liam, his glasses askew and shattered, blood coating the front of his skirt as he stared sightlessly up through the broken glass. There was Mia, her hair a bloody mess, careful curls covering her pale face and purple lips. There was Dr. Mordas, slumped over his computer, hands still on the keys. 


I had dealt with dead friends before -- too many -- and so I pushed my horror away. Time travel was beyond me, I didn't know anything about the shrieking machine that had brought me here, but violence? Corpses? Those I knew. Those I could deal with. 


I looked over everyone, filing away the details in my head. Twenty-two dead. That was everyone on the team. 


There had been a fight, towards the end. There were some streaks of blood on the floor, leading to bodies. People dragging themselves, so they hadn't been clean shots. Shots it had been; I could tell the work of a gun. A military grade gun, too. And from how perfectly massacred everyone was, this was not random. 


I glanced up from the bodies, and that's when I saw it. **SORRY.** It was written on the wall in ... marker? Did I know that handwriting? I itched to have a picture of it, but I didn't have my phone or a camera with it. Just me, my eyes and my mind. 


I looked over the room one last time, then turned back into the machine room, closing the door behind me. My hands were still, but there was blood on my shoes, on the cuffs of my pants. 


The time machine stared at me. Twelve hours ago, the scientists would be waiting for me to come back. And ... this massacre. Could I tell them about it? Could I try to *stop* it? Was that the future?


Destiny and fate had been words that were tossed around every once in a while, almost carelessly. A bridge to cross when we got there, if we could even get to there. Now I was standing on that bridge. Me, just me.


What to do?


Well, I couldn't stay here.


I had to follow my mission. Get here, get out, come back. These ingrained lines propelled my feet, got me back into that too-small box with its too-loud shrieking just waiting to kick back on. I folded myself inside of it, locked all the latches back up, pressed the button to start the process back.


Cross that bridge when I got to it. If I could even get back to the past. If this was even the future.


What had I walked into?


***

Had to stop suddenly because I have a 9:45 meeting, but planning to continue after it's done! Hope you liked this.