The door knob was rattling as someone tried a key that obviously wasn't made for my door. I hear someone curse loudly and knock.

"Brenda! Brenda please come unlock the door, my key isn't working.

Brenda!"


My body completely froze when I heard that voice. An icy chill starting on my scalp and drifting down my back. 

"Honey the milk needs to go in the fridge, and I'd like to know who is parked in the driveway"

I didn't dare breathe. How in the hell could this be? It's been what? 45? 50 years? 

Surely I'd drunk too much. Yes, that's it! I'm just drunk! 


I hear the sound of a rock bring dropped on the walkway. 

Shit! The large stone my father and I chiseled out when I was 8 as a gift for my mom. We made it as a spare key hideout and I still use it because it blends so well with the other stones around the porch.

I hear the key turn and the latch release.

"Who the hell are you?!" He shouted so loudly I winced out of reflex. 


I looked at him, confirming in a panic that this is actually my father standing before me. My father, looking the same as he had 50 years ago when he walked out to go to the small store up the road.

His face grew redder with the lack of an answer and he reached behind him. I hear the scrape off metal on fabric as he pulled out his brand new Smith and Wesson 39. I remembered he had just sold 4 heifers to by that gun not a week before he left.

"I'm gonna ask you again, mister. Who the hell are you, and why are you in my house?

Brenda!!!! Honey, you okay?"


I have to say something. 

"Uh... Da..... Richard. Please put down the gun.
 My name is Will. William Ingle. Do you recognize me?"

"William? It's my boys name, is this a joke? You haven't told me why the hell you're in my house. I'd start talk really soon if I were you."

I hear the icy click of the hammer being pulled back. 

"Look, Richard, please put the gun down, I'll explain everything to you that I can.

You've been gone for a long time." I told him trying to sound as gentle and calming as I could with a gun in my face. I'm not about to be shot in my own house.

"I don't think you understand. I say talk, you talk. You don't get to tell me to do anything.

Why are you in my house?" 

His eyes piercing under his broad eyebrows. The vein throbbing in his neck. 

He took a slow breath and said, "Now I'm going to give you about five seconds to give me a good reason that you're here, and if I don't like what I hear, I'll let the coroner pick you up. Got that?"



I began to stammer... What the hell is happening?

"Okay, just take it easy.. 

Look, the year is 2017. You left 50 years ago on November 19th, 1967 and never came back. Mom... Uh.... Brenda, your wife died in 2009 from breast cancer.

You're my father."


The vein grew larger as how confusion mixed with his anger and fear.

"That's not a very convincing tale, mister. You wanna try that again? 2017? Hell, there's no way you could be serious!"


I reach my brain trying to think of something. Damn that third Crown and Coke. Anything to help me. Then it hit me... My phone!!! I'll show him the date!!


"Come here, I'll show you!!"

I reached for my phone in my back pocket.




I felt the bullet before I heard the gunshot. My skin got cold, but my chest felt hot. Panic filled me as I struggled to breathe. I was seeing spots and I couldn't hold a thought very long. 


I saw his face over mine as I closed my eyes for the last time.









