I remember smelling burning pork. The flames where all about me. I saw black dots falling from the sky. 

Then... Then...  I looked at the rose. It is the first thing I saw. Slowly it came into focus. It was perfect. Lots of flowers are perfect. I turned my head to see the most perfect lady I'd ever seen. I don't personally know any lady that perfect. 
She turned to me slowly and smiled. My heart beat a little faster as her crystalline eyes reflected sunlight streaming into the open window. 

Mr Parkhurst are you feeling OK? I'm Dr. Poole. We waited until today to bring you around. 

Where am I? 
The location was once known as The Children hospital in Boston. Are you familiar with that designation? 
I've never been to Boston. Why Am I here? I was in North Korea. 

We'll explain everything to you. For now we want you to take it easy. 
Don't worry you have nothing to fear. 

I see. said Parkhurst. My name, he continued is PFC John Parkhurst serial 015-343-8193.
I don't understand sir. What are you talking about? 
My name, he continued is PFC John Parkhurst, my serial is 015-343-8193.

What? Mr. Parkhurst I'm confused. 

Look I don't know what your game is toots but no one pronounces it "Boo stow one" No one say's The Children Hospital it's Childrens' Hospital, No one. So I must have been captured by the enemy. I didn't know you assholes had made it past the 50th parallel. 

Mr. Parkhurst... 

Fuck you lady I want to see an American consul. I have right you people didn't declare war just lobed a nuke into the heart of Japan.
Mr. Parkhurst... 
 John Parkhurst,  015-343-8193 that's all you're getting from me hot stuff till I talk to an American.
So fuck you. 
 
I'm an American! 

The hell you are! You're slurring half the words you're saying. I can't even place your accent. 

Mr. Parkhurst I am an American. We were hoping to take this slow. We've never found a person who's lived through what you lived through. The language has changed a little, new words have come into play. We speak differently.   
What the heck do you take me for lady? 




You've been asleep for a long time. The "Dear Leader" as they used to call him was experimenting on prisoners. We think they were  developing a new form of nerve gas. It turned you into a solid. Up until very recently it was thought you were a very well preserved corpse.  
We've been studding you for almost 600 years. 

Bullshit. Bullshit he thought. He could not get over the way she was talking. She sounded so real.

I can prove this. You may find it interesting. 

Alright, show me. 

She walked over to a large curtain and slowly pulled it aside. He didn't even realize he was standing. 
But that's ! He pointed to a group of children wearing little jet-packs flying in formation. 
The city was before him was gleaning and bright huge pyramids of glass.   

He had to be 500 hundred stories up. 

An old lady was walking in mid air. There was nothing holding her up.  She was just walking.  
He could see spaceships in the distance rising up from launching pads. They looked like something from a comic book. 
Parkhurst suddenly could not catch his breath. 

Looking around like a caged animal he waved his hands in front of him trying to make the vision go away.  

Futurama he said and fell to the floor. 

He was in the same bed. 
He hoped it was a dream.

Are you OK? asked Dr. Poole.
I'm bewildered. The blinds were still open. 
Can you close those please Dr... Dr....  
Poole She volunteered. 
She closed the curtain. 

Thanks, I was getting dizzy. I know I'm going to have a hard time with this. How long have I been asleep? 
 About 622 years. 
What happened to North Korea? 
I don't know Mr. Parkhurst. That's ancient history. Hold one sec. 
She raised her hand. “Did you hear that Samantha? 
A disembodied ladies voice answered. Do you want the whole story of the summery. 
Can you sum it up to a few sentences? 

The “Coalition of the Just” won the war in 2057. Dear Leader was found with a hole in his head.
It is believed he committed suicide. The people of North and South Korea eventually merged into New Korea. “Coward” muttered Mr. Parkhurst. 
    
“So what's the world like?”
Well you might be bored. There is no hunger. No war. No strife. You can learn or do anything.
“There is no war?”
The last war was 221 years ago. It was pretty bad. Since then no war. 
“How will I survive?” 
 Everything you need is provided free of charge.  For the most part anything you want is free of charge. 
“How is that possible?”
I'd talk to an economist they'd be able to tell you. 


“Sounds great to me.” 
Mr. Parkhurst if you want you can go anywhere. You even more than most. You're a national treasure. People have been requesting an audience since it was announced we could wake you up. 
“I'm some sort of Celebrity?” 
You're about as famous as Saint Oprah.  
“You're pulling my leg?”
Of course I am. I've been waiting to use that one since you woke. 
“I'm suddenly very tired Dr Poole.” 
It's natural. You've been resurrected. You've been exposed to all sorts of chemicals to cure your stasis. You go to sleep and we'll talk when you wake up. 
“Will you be far?” 
Samantha, the computer person will call mas as you're walking up. 
“Computer person?“ 
Computers have the same rights as real people. They were emancipated 200 years ago. 
He can barely keep his eyes open.
“You'll have to tell me all about it.”
I'll do that soon for now just rest. 
“Sure Doc.”  He was asleep in moments. 

She walked out in to the hall and slowly closed the door.

Can he hear us Sam? 
No he's out like a light. Are they going to tell him? 
The world council decided it would be cruel. 
So you are never going to tell him the truth? 

How can we? The poor thing is only gong to live for 40 – 50 years anyway. They were mortal. 

So he'll never know?
 
He doesn't need to know that he is the last flesh and blood person.
He doesn't need to know his kind is extinct. That the poor Primates were so crazy and warlike they all perished 200 years ago?  

So he'll be happy? 

I'm going to make sure he is happy for the rest of his life said Dr. Poole. 
 
Well it is only 50 or so years. Still that's very nice of you. Said Samantha. 


  
 

