So, a couple days late. But I liked the prompt and hadn't done one of these before so I thought I'd give it a try. Any feedback would be appreciated (I've checked but I don't doubt that there will be some grammar issues so feel free to point those out too) :). 


We open up in a club. In the centre there a group of boys crowded around a table, cheering, dancing and drinking. 

Narrator: In the great island of Great Britain (redundancy intended) there are many forms university students. Here we observe the male university students in their natural habitat: the club. We can see elder members of the pack torturing their young (otherwise known as a fresher) into performing ludicrous acts in order to garner their approval in a process which is known as: hazing. 

The fresher downs a drink while the other boys look on and chant 

Narrator: The fresher has been pressured into ingesting several doses of harmful toxins at the continual behest of the rest of his pack. As a result of this we see that the fresher has become rather disorientated yet has increased level of misguided confidence. 

In walks a girl who is focused on her phone at the far side of the club. The fresher notices her and moves to the front of the table to admire her. 

Narrator: Aha, from afar he spots a desirable female. In order to get her attention he distances himself from the pack and moves over to the dance floor in solitude. A risky manoeuvre.  He then begins his mating dance, for a definite chance of romance he decides to incorporate many thrusting motions and finger guns. Very impressive but it would seem no one is watching. 

The fresher beckons one the boys over and whispers in his ear. The other boy smiles and confidently walks over to the girl and they begin talking.

Narrator: The fresher calls over one of his brothers. Ah yes, the wingman technique. In order to ensure his chances of copulation with the female he sends his friend over to the female in the hopes of boasting about his best traits.

The girl is shocked by whatever it is the boy had said and slaps him. 

Narrator: Oh no it would appear the fresher chose poorly as his wingman has turned out to be a kamikaze pilot.

The boy walks away and back towards the pack. The pack all look at him questionably. He then motions back to the girl as if to say “guys apparently it’s lesbian night”. They all laugh and he’s accepted back into the fold.
 
Narrator: Feeling dejected the fresher has no choice but to go back to his pack in the hopes of winning back the admiration of peers by buying them all a round. Oh wait! What’s this? The fresher is heading towards the female on his own, in one last attempt! This is a bold strategy indeed. They are conversing and she’s laughing at his displays of humour. Marvellous. It would seem she now has to go and meet her friends, however….she will add him on a social media platform. Result. 

The girl exits 
The fresher returns back to his group triumphantly 

Narrator: Yes he left the pack a fresher and now he can stride back as a man.  
