Calling that number was the most difficult decision I’ve ever made. As a Senior Analyst at Area 51, I’ve made some pretty hard ones, but this….

Yes, Area 51 exists. It has ever since the infamous UFO crash in the late 90’s. You guys probably don’t know that. That’s just how good we are.

We’ve managed to institute a protocol entailing the rules in case of emergencies, categorized in order of “Level of Imminent Threat” or LIT.

The protocol was divided into many levels based on LIT. Level 3:Armed Force Intervention Level 2:Public Statement. Local Evacuation if necessary. Level 1:Worldwide evacuation. Nuclear Arms to be prepped Level 0:————–

We’ve never actually had a LIT worthy of a Level 1. We barely scraped by Level 2 in the 2012 incident, and managed to make it look like a doomsday sham (how the public believed that I’d never understand.)

When I was promoted to Senior Analyst, I was given a list of contacts, whom I was supposed to contact if given the order. It had the usual contacts on the first page:Army,Navy,Air Force, UNEVAC (A UN evacuation force.Highly trained, specialised forces). On the second page were the lesser known ones: A direct line to MI6; Area 96(our counterparts in the UK) among others.

The third page, the title said,”Level 0”, and it had one number on the whole page. One. Along with it was the warning:”Contact in case of Apocalypse“.

Two hours ago, the Director of Area 51 had been told that we had a catastrophic threat with a LIT level way past anything we’ve ever handled. Shortly after, the galactic outpost that we had stationed (codenamed Voyager 1 for the public) dropped contact. Their station beacon had stopped transmitting, and there was radio silence. The Director left to contact Houston, and, half an hour ago, the GPS aboard his APC transmitted an alert before going completely blank.

Whatever was attacking us knew where to hit us. They had hit us hard. In the Director’s absence, I was in charge, and I’ve never been in a situation more terrifying. The Director was not reachable, and we were off the grid. The main lines were disconnected, and all our backups failed, All of them. We had 27 backups. 27. The sat-link still worked, but deep down, I knew that no evacuation or armed force could stop this. I was usually an optimist but something inside me told me this was different. I decided to abandon all protocol,

I dialed the number, and I heard a deep, synthesised voice: “Yes?”

ME: “Umm…who is this?”

“Does it matter?”

ME:”Okay, forget that. We have reason to believe that Earth is being attacked by something too powerful for us to handle.”

“So?”

ME:”Uh, we need your help?”

“Ah, I see you humans have finally seen my value. Are you ready to pay the price?”

At this moment, I was almost certain that I was dealing with an extraterrestrial mercenary, but I didn’t care. I borderline panicking, and had no other option.

ME:”Yes, as long as it’s reasonable.”

“If you knew who you were talking to, you’d know that that condition is useless.”

ME(through gritted teeth):”What are your demands?”

“I need a continent on your planet”

ME:”WHAT?!?!

“Don’t sound so incredulous. This isn’t the worst demand I’ve made. So, deal or not?”

At this point,I’d lost all hope. Besides, Antarctica would never be viable for humans. Maybe we could work something out.

ME:”We could work something out. Hope you don’t mind the cold.”

A deep throaty laugh, which sounded metallic through the synthesiser “You humans. Pawning off what you can’t use. You lot are crafty. Nevertheless, we have a deal. Go to the secret vault, and enter code 9827. Evacuate Area 51 and await further instructions”

I had no idea how he knew this, but I complied nonetheless. However, I wasn’t going to let my men walk into what could be a trap unarmed. We took all the prototype weapons we could, and I grabbed the Memory Marker, this pen-like instrument that could alter memories. Strangely, it looked as though it had been used recently. The device usually heats up to crazy temperatures , and it was still warm to the touch. I shrugged it off and put it in the thermal holster that was lying nearby.

The vault was actually an elevator which led to the surface, but I’d never used the code 9827 before. To my surprise, it went down, way down.

When the doors opened, I saw a bunker. Steel-reinforced walls, sat-links and even analog comms systems. This was some serious Doomsday level stuff. The sat-link bleeped, and I patched through.

“You TRAITOR!! HOW DARE YOU?”

ME:”Wh.What?!?!What are you talking about?

At this moment, I heard a dull explosion at the other end, followed by shouting in an unknown language. A few seconds later, there was a much louder explosion all around us. The upper levels had been breached. All of us took cover, what little we could find anyway. The sat-link disconnected, and the doors of the elevator opened. Men, all clad in black, with an insignia on their chests that seemed familiar, stepped out, and a hail of bullets greeted us. We didn’t have a chance to respond

Within a few seconds, I was the only one left alive. I held out the Memory Marker in hopes of a futile resistance. To my astonishment, The men knelt in front of me, and one of them stepped forward.

ME:”Don’t get ANY CLOSER!!!”

“Sir, the surface has been leveled, as per your orders.”

ME:”M..my orders?”

“Oh, you told me this would happen.”

He took out a silver object that looked like an ink bottle, and opened it. I was dumbstruck, and frozen with fear. A flash of white emerged from the bottle and hit me between the eyes faster than I could react. I blacked out.

When I came to, I remembered everything. My hatred. My pain. My shame. My rage. I remembered the order I made to level the face of the Earth. I used the Memory Marker on myself to make sure I didn’t blow my cover. I gave these soldiers their orders. I told them how to take over this world. I did.

An evil grin spread across my face, as I looked at my new domain. The Earth, finally mine. A superpower in intergalactic war.

I owned it all, and I was just getting started.

X–X

If you guys would like a backstory, or a part 2, I have plenty more to write. I couldn’t write it all because it would’ve been a long post, but if you guys want it, let me know in the comments. Thanks :-)
Part 2:https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/60l6bl/wp_area_51_has_four_level_emergencies_for_a/df94p92/

