A New Golden Age I suppose. Societies are bore on the peeled backs of the manipulated with their stripped bodies bound by chains. Black Jackets dawning assorted red and blue neck ties thrash upon those chains dragging the exposed only to prove their dominance. If one thing is true about history is that history always has its way of destroying savages. 

"World War III" the professor starts, "Lance, What year did it start"?
"2024" Lance replied back, "When political extremists with consenitized values united the world's talented to create a single Utopia".

The professor smiles. He turns to his board and starts writing down points only to swiftly turn back to his class.

"Tera, What caused World War III?"

Tera looks out from under her desk clearly trying to hide her gaming device. 

"Uh sir- wait no I got it. Um is it not because people resisted the shift from Democracy to Communism?"

"Yes, naturally people always resist change. Democratic societies, because of their stubbornness to change and complete lack of consensus, never were capable of making clear desisions like we do so well. Everyone here believes in a common set of morals and religious laws allowing all of us to share resources and thrive without blood stains caused by capitalism".

Charlie in the back raises their hand clearly itching with a question. The professor boss to hear them. 

"So in the shift to Communism the world split 50/50 to Communists and others?" Charlie asks speedily.

"Correct Charlie. Actually noble societies are built on bloodshed, that is not excluding us, however we are not savages, we are not stubborn, but we are opportunitsts. We planned our uprising the day of presidential election: the division of ideals between parties of people to try to bring them together. Unfortunately we had to kill everyone who opposed us believing stubbornly into their own individual beliefs, they died thinking they were heroes, but they were merely just pawns". 

The professor takes a sip of coffee from his mug. 

"Today we all believe truly in equality between every single human. You could call this a new golden age I suppose".