It's an early morning dew that forms underneath my eyelids as I begin to once more inhabit my body. 

I'm wearing clothes. I shuffle to the bathroom, do the usual small tasks that humans don't talk about and sometimes even forget are truly real. Cleaning, brushing, slowly teasing the reflection coyly until it's time to turn away.

Stairs and door and street and floor, it's all just surface, like me. I leave the house, walking outside so I can be something seen, so that I won't disappear at the first suggestion of my illegitimacy. 

7212. 

I look at people as I pass. Is it 0? Are you 0? Are you more than 0?

Is there anyone who has sequestered, collected the same day as much as me? It doesn't show signs of being good yet I've chosen to replay it like a film or record. I wonder if it scratches and distorts the same way, or if it is so wonderful that these small manipulations are added into the media? 

A park with children and dogs is approaching. I look to the playground and turn away, not ever wanting to see again, wishing I could remember the parts that should never make it on film. 

I walk faster, feeling sick, don't look at the children. Don't look at the children. 

Don't listen to the children, don't smile at the children, don't ever ever get near the children. For children are not children in the way they once were potential adults-like Peter Pan they simply never grew up. But they did grow old. 

They all were children who chose their children's days, and without a reference to use, without anything to even tell them there was different, they simply entered a kind of blissful stasis. Their bodies however,  were not told this, and I cried as I watched arthritic bodies scramble and shriek in pain over metal bars. 

There. And she's still beautiful. My beautiful, beautiful girl. She's 55 now, and every day since this happened I've used paper and pen to mark her age. I used to like fight club before the change. I know this because I wrote this.

There was limited time before it happened. She doesn't remember mummy. Not soft mummy. All our photos are so different. I can only watch from afar.

Never remembered, my life is left strewn in clues like a crumb trail, fairy tale, *she* liked fairy tales. 


Love does not need to be remembered.


For a second she looks at me, the old women by the tree, vague and nondescript. In her world, mummy really does come at some point. A flash of a smile and o might not see that ever again. So I make it so I can, so her smile is not a flash bulb shutter of a camera but one continuous reel of film. Who could ever deny tomorrows inhabitant that smile?



