Footsteps echoed through the Temple of Blackened Skies. I opened my eyes, sensing the figure making their way about my lair. Their steps were tentative, yet they clinked on the stone floors. Whatever was coming was heavily armored. Another warrior, perhaps? This should be interesting.

I sat up in my throne, scattering dust. My wings unfurled, stretching across the wall behind me. A few flaps cleared the dust from around me. I glanced around; while the torches I had lit before my slumber were still burning, they were nearly burnt out. Too lazy to go through all that trouble again, I raised my claw and willed the room to open a few windows. Some of the stone crumbled away, letting in the hazy light; despite the clouds blackening the sky, it was still better than a room of pitch darkness.

A scream cut the silence. I stood up, letting my senses expand to tell where the warrior was. Of course, they had stumbled into the spike room. Typical. However, it was disturbing to hear such a childish scream.

Oh. Oh, no.

In a surge of empathy, I let the floor in the spike room smooth itself out. This warrior was wearing armor--where could it have punctured them? My mind answered in a thousand different images. I felt a little sick. I'd hate it if this one didn't even make it to fight me. At least, that's what I thought to justify a little check-up.

Stepping down the stairs, I let my wings catch the air and flapped a bit. It took a few hops to get off the ground, but once I was steady in the air, I weaved through the rooms of my temple with the grace of a swallow. My mind worked with me, opening up walls and doorways. As I grew close to the warrior, I folded my wings and landed.

"Who's there?!" That was definitely a child's voice. I felt my cheeks grow hot and huffed out a breath of poisonous gas. There used to be a time where you could count on a team of seasoned warriors posing an actual threat to you. This kid couldn't be older than sixteen.

I stepped in the doorway of the spike room and glanced at the figure laying on the ground. The right side of his face was bleeding out. I stifled laughter.

"How did you manage to do that?"

He didn't respond. His eyes widened and he fumbled for his sword, drawing it with difficulty. With newfound vigor, he sprang to his feet and charged, his armor rustling. It was way to big for him and showed signs of misuse. Patches of rust and scratches covered him. His charge wasn't that great, either, as if he didn't expect me to retaliate. I quickly proved him wrong.

My wing stretched out in front of me, blocking his path. Bracing myself as he approached, I swept it under his waist, knocking out his knees. He fell over my wing, dropping his sword, and I held his limp body up, studying his face.

Regaining his sense of balance, he struggled to get off my wing. "You tripped, didn't you?" I asked. He slipped off, collapsing to the floor. I stepped back. My heart was filled with loathing for whoever sent him here.

He wheezed, struggling to even get up. My magic senses didn't pick up any enchantments on his gear. By now, it should be common sense to not go into a temple filled with poison without poison immunity!

He finally stumbled to his feet, stooping down to grab his sword again. "Beast...of the Temple of Blackened Skies...I am the...Chosen One...I will end your blight..."

I let out a groan. He thought he could actually do something. Some dolt told him he was part of a prophecy and he came with minimal training, sorry excuses for gear, and a weak body. As he swung his sword again, I gently pushed him away with the tips of my wings.

"Listen, Chosen One," I began with a sigh, taking care to keep my poisonous breath inside me, "you have no idea what you're doing. Honestly, it's pathetic to watch. I take it some deity of life or hope or something stupid sent you here to stop my existence, my 'blight'. I'm not a nice guy; I get that a lot. But damn, you're like a kitten running away from a pack of wolves in a forest that's on fire. Let's get you outside. Come on."

I turned around, spreading my wings and bending down. I heard his breathing behind me. "What...are you doing?" he rasped.

"Get on, I'm taking you outside." He chuckled weakly. As he stepped closer, my senses caught danger.

"You better not be raising your sword!" I snapped. He sighed, sheathing his sword. I felt his hands around my neck and leaned forward, letting him lay on my back. "Hold on."

I took off. He tightened his grip. Despite his armor, he weight was like a rag doll's. I swiftly carried him out from my temple and away from the country I had poisoned. As soon as we were clear from the gas, I landed, setting him down.

"Why are you being so nice to me?" he asked between heaving deep breaths. I sat back, folding my wings and planting my claws in the grass. It quickly withered.

"Because you already have so many people being mean to you," I answered. He looked confused. I continued.

"The deity that sent you on this hopeless quest? The people who couldn't spare better armor, or at least a charm of poison immunity? The people who wouldn't train you? The family that let you go?"

"Well, you're wrong on that last part," he muttered, "I don't really have a family."

"Oh. Great. They're sending orphans after me! It's like humanity wants to die!"

He looked angry. "Who's gonna kill you, if not me?"

"Well--" I stuttered. "You--nobody! Nobody can kill me, that's the point!"

He was silent. I tried to quell my anger. "If someone were to kill me, then they would at least have to have experience," I explained. "You...your quest...is useless. Humans would rather just kill whatever they think is bad than actually do something about their problems."

"'They think'?" he asked in disbelief. "You spew poison! Of course your bad."

"To be fair, humans can't really breathe what they breathe out, either."

"Fine!" he stood up, throwing his arms up. "How do *you* think I can save the world!? What do *you* think, Beast?!"

"First," I growled, "we're gonna fix your face. Then, I'm gonna show you how to actually use and care for a sword and armor. Finally, we're gonna go make the world a better place. If I wasn't here, humans would still be suffering. Let's go fix that problem first--end hunger, stave off disease, all that stuff--*then* you can think about fighting me."

I stood, holding out my hand. He took it, nervously, yet eager, and stood with me. As we walked, I suddenly realized what I had gotten myself into. Oh, well. I could take another nap when this kid was dead.