I stumbled out of bed, clad in sweatpants and an old ratty tshirt. The kitchen seemed so bright, like the world was trying to bright me awake. After pouring myself a bowl of cereal and a mug of coffee, I started checking the websites that I frequented to see what I had missed while I was asleep. My first stop was Reddit. I always scrolled through Reddit during breakfast. It had become a routine--albeit a lonely routine--that I had taken to ever since I moved to my apartment in America and started college.

I opened the website and the first thing I happened to see was a post that with 35,000 upvotes, titled, "Did you all just feel that?" My mind immediately went to the horrible tragedy that had occurred five years prior. *It can't have been, a tragedy like that wasn't predicted to hit for another few years*, I thought to myself.  Upon opening the post I saw comments like, "Not again!", "We're all okay, no need to worry.", and "I watched as my entire neighborhood was swept away." 

These comments worried me, and I hadn't even bothered checking what the original post had said. Even if it wasn't as bad as 3/11, it would still be horrifying to see what had happened, and I didn't even know where this was centered. Picking up my phone, I saw the alert that confirmed my fears. 

**Magnitude 10.6 earthquake. Depth: 30km. Epicenter: Tokyo, Japan. Tsunami warning for 東京都 and the surrounding coastline. Evacuate immediately.**

I had already started to cry as I dialed my parents, opening Facebook at the same time. The lines were busy, which was to be expected. Last time an earthquake of this magnitude had hit, the lines were full of loved ones trying to confirm that their family was safe, every hour of the day. My parents had communicated almost exclusively by Facebook. 

The crying turned to weeping as I saw that my other relatives posting non stop, trying to get in touch with my mom, dad, and brother, who were residing in the country at that time. Some were even reaching out to me. 

My phone buzzed with a text notification. 

**Have you heard anything from them?**

It was from my aunt. I didn't know how to reply. How do you tell your aunt that her brother, sister-in-law, and nephew were most likely dead? 



