The initial plans called for a phalanx of special forces to accompany Jamie – two to flank his side, another forty-eight to encircle the sprawling mansion in the upperclass suburbs, all with strict orders to contain any disturbance with extreme prejudice. 

Jamie had finally convinced his bosses to see things his way. “Look, I was the one who brought her in, I can get her to cooperate. Even if she reacts… unexpectedly,” Jamie had said, tapping the vest they had fitted over him, “I’ll be able to handle it with this, right?”

Eventually, only one other agent was assigned, and even he was left to stand watch at the end of the long driveway, nervously peering into the darkness as Jamie crossed the lawn, alone, to rap sharply on the ornate mahogany door.

“You promised me I would be left alone,” hissed the voice, bouncing around sharply in the confines of Jamie’s skull.

“Lwellyn, you have no idea the lengths I’ve gone to keep you safe,” growled Jamie, a note of irritation creeping into his voice. It was true, and righteous indignation swirled in his belly, which he fought to suppress. “But I am one lone man, trying to make the best of a right shitshow, so forgive me if you are to be disturbed.”

The door swung open on its own, and the décor within was as Jamie expected of a designer who, having been forbidden to use her favourite colours or motifs, had suddenly been set free to do as she would.

In other words, there was running water, everywhere. An arresting fountain took centre-stage in the hall, bubbling as the water jets twirled and spun gracefully in the air. Two double-storey waterfalls, cleverly-designed waterspouts from on high, gushed into swirling pools. Streams of water, chugging along inset rivulets, ran across the length of the floor.

Lwellyn snapped her fingers, and suddenly, all the water ceased. They did not stop, in the way that one may expect if a tap were turned off. Rather, all the water froze where they were, transfixed in motion, as if it were all a streaming video which was in the midst of buffering.

Lwellyn saw the look in Jamie’s eyes, and said, “I’ve been here ten years, Jamie, and still I cannot believe your Homeworld takes for granted what we struggle so hard to replace. So forgive me my indulgences.”

“Oh no, I suppose I would have done the same thing,” said Jamie, a wistful edge to his tone, “Every inch of my home would be filled with every trinket, vessel or embodiment of Magic I could lay my hands on. I understand the allure of what we do not have, Lwellyn, very well.”

It was somewhat ironic that even though Jamie was the leader of the global think-tank which specialized in advising world governments on trans-world relations, he had never personally crossed over into any of the other Homeworlds. He was intimately aware that crossing over was safe, that one only had to prepare the necessary substitutes – for example, Lwellyn’s Homeworld, Dessicae, possessed the elements of Earth, Air, Fire and Magic in abundance, but Water was notably absent, so that had to be brought along.

Early forays had determined that it was Magic which had, in a sense, adapted to help Dessicae survive despite the absence of Water. Magic was intangible, omnipotent, and it flowed so richly in Dessicae that it filled in all the roles which Water would normally have played on Jamie’s Homeworld. Subsequent reports confirmed that it was the same on the other Homeworlds – regardless of which element was missing on that Homeworld, Magic was the glue which bound them all together.

It was only on Jamie’s Homeworld, where Earth, Air, Fire and Water were all present and accounted for, that Magic had, perhaps deciding that it had no role to play, slinked away.

“This cannot be a courtesy call,” said Lwellyn, eyes narrowing, “I am indebted to you, but not once since you took me in as a refugee have you ever called on me in a personal capacity. It has always been about work, and this cannot be different.”

“You are astute, and I shall be blunt then. I’ve come to ask for you to unlock the Portal to your Homeworld.”

Jamie’s request hung in the air, and eventually Lwellyn laughed. “You must be joking. How do you expect me to be able to do tha-”

“We will inform Dessicae that we have finally hunted you down, rooted you out from your hiding place amongst our populace. You will return a political prisoner, but our operatives will be in place to spring you out. We just need you, as a native, to weave the spells needed to fully open the Portal to Dessicae. Once that is done, your debt is clear, and you can return here to live out the rest of your life in peace.” 

“And why the hell would I do that?”

Jamie had anticipated this question. He had two answers prepared, the first being an appeal to logic. He would show Lwellyn the collected data, that the four elements in Jamie’s Homeworld were irreversibly poisoned, and that open channels were needed to the other Homeworlds so that the tainted elements could be replaced. Negotiations for peaceful acquisition of resources were stalling, and time was running out.

From that perspective, the problem was suddenly a matter of national, nay, global security.

And to round off the logical explanation, Jamie would have pointed out that when it came down to a matter of global security, a certain amount of force was allowed, and the opening of the Portals was the first step to a policy they had termed “Enforced Survival”.

But Lwellyn was not susceptible to logical arguments, as Jamie’s memory served him, so instead he said, “We have reason to believe your daughter is alive in Dessicae. These photographs were taken just last month. You won’t just be helping your adopted Homeworld survive, you will be bringing your daughter home.”

Jamie’s hands were already on his vest, and his personal Barrier was activated mere seconds before Lwellyn’s psychic scream tore through the mansion. Part guilt for abandoning the child she thought had died all those years ago, part anguish for not doing more, part shame for moving on when her own flesh and blood still suffered in Dessicae, the Magic spilled out of Lwellyn, a malevolent manifestation of her pain.

Outside, a hundred feet away, the special agent crumpled to his knees, grabbing his head in pain. The hidden gears and circuits in Jamie’s vest toiled on, shielding him more than adequately. Jamie gave the woman, sobbing poignantly on the floor, a full minute before he pressed his case.

“Will you help us open the Portal? I have three others like you to meet tonight, Lwellyn, and I really need an answer.”

The angry, determined… *hungry* look in her eyes was all the answer he needed.

---

/r/rarelyfunny 