The silence seemed to drown out the radio as I started to pass the last cemetery on my block as it always does, "Hell, if I had a smoke this would be easier." I scoffed at the thought. 
It's been a rough three weeks since we started searching for the bastard and there's still no sign. Maynard began to chime in on the radio, "We've got a report of Miner on 7th street."
 I whipped the car with the force of a hurricane and flipped the switch for my lights. 'I swore I'd bring you in. I guess once wasn't enough." The lights seemed to follow a pattern. On then off, over and over till I reached the last "Dead end" sign on 7th. "Good luck getting out of this one." I mumbled to myself as I grew closer. The smell hit first, rotten like meat offered on the sides of streets when I was stationed in Pakistan. I got off a quick,"Jesus H. Harold.", when it began to permeated my senses. I called back on the radio to confirm the sighting. Silence. I tried again. Nothing. "This is not time for this guys-" , before I could finish my sentence a shadow shot by my left eye's perifreol. The sight brought blood into my throat, salt into wounds thought healed, and anger into my voice. Huddled two yards away against an oak was Miner. I slammed my car into park and, with my hand on new issued rifle, got out of my car. "Well I'll be damned, if it isn't old Landon Miner." I seemed too sing it with a tone of animosity even I hadn't heard in ages. "Don't try to run this time. I caught you when you had muscles in your legs, or at least one. Those bones won't get you far." 
He laughed, or at least made a noise that would resemble a laugh without skin or muscle on his bone. "Barely." His jaw popped with the word. "Excuse me?" 
 "You barely caught me." Another crack and pop left his proximity as I closed in. 
The dim orange light lit up his corpse as a closed in. 
Against the solid oak sat Miner, or at least what was left of him. He was still in his suit and tie. An old red button up stained with dirt covered his routing torso.
"Whatever you say, Landon. Don't even try to put up a fight."
"With what?" He asked, "With my arms half decayed? Or maybe with my chest opened and rotting from where you shot me last time?"
His questions hanging in the stale air between us.
"I swore I'd bring you in for what you did to Jason and now is no different."
He cracked and made noises that no Hunan hear should ever hear, as he lifted his wrists at my waiste's height.
"Then cuff me Johnny Law. It's what your son would've wanted isn't it?" He said with a sarcastic tone and movement.
"If only another bullet to your chest would kill you.. I'd let you rot here until you died again."