Afternoons were precious to Marie. It was the only part of the day which did not consist of preparing meals for her family, of chasing the girls to finish their homework, or of cleaning her house which seemed perpetually dirty. She enjoyed losing herself in the network soap operas while she folded laundry, an oasis of peace amidst the searing deserts of the day.

Which was why she was annoyed, and then positively *furious*, when the trials and tribulations of her TV family were suddenly replaced by an emergency news broadcast. She was faster this time, and she grasped the situation within seconds.

“Dammit,” she muttered, as she hauled herself off the couch. “Those girls will be the end of me.”

She drove to Pearson High, ignoring the sirens and the armada of response vehicles on the road. She parked at the back of the school, near a little-known back entrance, where the police and SWAT teams wouldn’t bother her.

Penny was already there, waiting for her.

“How bad is it this time?” Marie asked, clicking shut the car door.

“Um,” said Penny, as she searched for the right words. “It’s Farah and Wendy,” she said, “they’re fighting again. Denise and I wanted to break them up, but they’re really going at it, so… we ran away.”

Marie sighed, then patted Penny on her head, wiped away the welling tears from Penny’s eyes. “Is it so hard for the four of you to get along? I’ve always said that everything can be solved with words, not fists, right?”

“Right, mum.”

“Ok, show me where they are. Let’s see if we can’t fix this.”

Marie followed Penny as they crept through the school. Bodies were littered everywhere, though Marie noted with some relief that they appeared to be sleeping rather than injured or dead. “You did this? Will they be fine?” asked Marie.

“Yes, mum,” said Penny. “Knocked them unconscious, that’s all. Just a little bug. Was for their own good, it was, to keep them out of the way.”

“If the police storm in now? With gas masks?”

“Wouldn’t matter,” said Penny. “Too small for the filters. Anyone charging in now will be put to sleep immediately.”

There was a time when Marie would ask further. These days Marie had learned to to prioritize, focus on the most important of tasks. Sure, there was a part of her which was itching with a thousand questions – how did Penny know to create such a pathogen, whether she had done it before, what the effects were… but Marie stifled her curiosity, bit her tongue.

There would be time to compliment Penny later. For now, Marie just assumed that this was just another manifestation of the powers that Penny was growing into. 

“They’re in the gym, mum,” said Penny.

That information wasn’t strictly necessary. There was a sudden absence of bodies leading up to the gym, and Marie figured the missing students and faculty would be inside. She pushed open the heavy doors, and a blast of heat, the acrid stink of fear, the putrid aroma of anger, greeted her.

“And you even called mum to come down! Great! Is there anything you can do on your own, huh?”

A hundred, two hundred, bodies lay haphazardly on the floor, in a rough concentric circle, leaving only three girls and a single boy locked in a stand-down in the centre. Marie knelt down to examine the closest body, and realised that these people were not so much sleeping as paralyzed, transfixed. If she had to guess, the girls were probably leeching off lifeforce to sustain their quarrels. Dawdle too long, and side effects were practically guaranteed.

“Farah! Wendy! Denise!” said Marie, taking on that singular tone only irritated mothers could. “I don’t care who started it, who did what to whom. Undo it all, now!”

Marie took a step towards them, then was met with resistance by an impenetrable forceshield. “And what did I say about using magic at school? Hmm? Let me in, this instant!”

Denise rolled her eyes, then snapped her fingers. 

“Anyone want to tell me what made you think this was such a good idea?” said Marie, towering over her daughters.

“Tattletale,” said Denise and Farah in unison, eyes narrowing at Penny.

“It was… it was my fault,” said Wendy, eyes downcast. “I… I found out that Farah… asked Danny to be her boyfriend instead. Then Denise learned about it too, and she got angry…”

“Damn right I’m angry!” said Denise, poking a finger into Farah’s chest. “She’s our sister, for goodness sakes! Can you not be such a slut for one minute? Would it kill you?”

“I did it for her sake!” said Farah, shouting back at the top of her lungs. “You think I really like Danny? I could have any boy I want! I’ve got the best damn body in the entire district for crying out loud!”

“What do you mean, for her sake? Stop trying to justify this!”

“It’s true! She has to wake up, open her eyes!" said Fatah. "Someone's got to show her that if she doesn't learn to stand up for herself, that the things precious to her get taken away! That's the way life is!"

“I can’t believe how shameless you can be, god!”

Marie cleared her throat, then crossed her arms over her chest. “Wendy, what have you to say? What happened? Remember, it’s punishment all round if I don’t get a good answer.”

Wendy tugged her at the edge of her skirt, still unsure of where to look. “They… they both meant well… mum…”

“Geez!” said Farah, throwing her hands up. “Be more assertive already!”

Wendy pushed on, unperturbed. “I think... Farah was trying to teach me... That I have to fight for the things I love, I can't just sit back and hope for the best..."

"Yes, thank you! Geez!" said Farah. 

"And I think... Denise was just watching out for me, making sure that Farah wasn't trampling all over me..." 

"Precisely!" said Denise, hotly. 

"So what do you think?" said Marie, addressing the lone outsider, who so far had not uttered a single word. His eyes, wide like saucers, oozed fear and regret. "Now that you've heard them both, anything to say?" 

Danny squeaked, and Denise loosened the magical tethers around his neck. "I'm sorry? And I'll never go near your daughters again, mam?" 

Marie sighed. "Remember girls, you all care for each other, but there's better ways to show it than by wreaking havoc at school like this. Penny, Denise, both of you clean up and wipe everyone's memories. Farah, Denise, go undo any structural damage you may have caused, and send the nice police away, please."

As the girls grumbled and set on their way, Marie indulged Danny with a single question. 

"What the hell are you, man?" 

Marie smiled. She could have explained how Penny, Wendy, Farah and Denise were reincarnations of Pestilence, War, Famine and Death, and that there was some way to go before they were out of their rebellious teenage years before they fully embraced who they were, but she doubt he would have understood. 

She settled for a pithy answer. 

"I'm just a normal mum, trying to avert the damn Apocalypse."

---

/r/rarelyfunny 