Just because you can, doesn’t mean you should.

That was the one rule my mother always taught me to live by.

Well, that’s not true. That’s what she always told me about our one chance to take a life, but there were lots of rules. Brush your teeth twice a day. Turn up to everything fifteen minutes early. Don’t do drugs. All sorts of rules.

“Make sure the birthday girl is well looked after; it’s her special day,” was one I’d get before every childhood party. Every one except mine, of course - “Put your friends first and make sure they’re well looked after; they’re your guests.” 

My birthday seemed to generate a lot of rules, actually. After she broke her leg carrying my presents down the stairs, and we spent six weeks with me helping her dress and wash: “I can’t stand this. I hate feeling so helpless. Promise me that if I ever get to a point where I’ll never be able to look after myself again, you’ll just put a pillow over my face.” 

She meant that one, too. I knew it, because I also knew that she’d tried to use hers on her own mother. 

Nana was in the hospital, chatting to Norma-in-the-next bed. Norma needed a ride home, and Nana said, “Oh, don’t worry, Anne will take care of you.”

That seems pretty petty now, and I guess it is, in isolation. 

It wasn’t in isolation, though. Poor Mum had lived a life of “Anne will take care of this” and “Anne can do that” and “Anne, do everything.” She just got sick of it in that moment. Maybe she’d told herself for a long time that she’d do it the next time Nana told her to do something. Regardless, she’d have done it there and then in Ward 4, if Aunty Liz hadn’t grabbed her and threatened to use *hers* on Mum if she went through with it.

I’m sure Liz was just bluffing. I hope she was. She must have been. She had enough terrible men in her past that she could have used it on, or maybe did, that it would have been a waste to spend it on her own sister. It was definitely a bluff, and it worked. That’s all that mattered. Liz was raised to believe that just because you can, doesn’t mean you should. Just like Mum. Just like me.

Like I said, that was never the only rule, not really. There were lots. 

She always did live by her own rules, by the way. She’s not a hypocrite. She never smoked. She never drank. She ate at least five portions of fruit and veg. She walked the dog twice a day every day. She ate a Brazil nut every time she got home from that, because she’d read that could prevent this one type of cancer from ever occurring. 

I don’t remember what type that was, but I know it wasn’t pancreatic cancer. Pancreatic doesn’t care about rules. It doesn’t care how good you are to yourself or others. It doesn’t care that she’s only forty five, that she hasn’t gotten to see me graduate university or get married or have kids.

I’ve had a lot of time to think lately, while she’s been in and out of chemo and the hospice. A lot of time to think about how cancer doesn’t follow the rules. Time to think about how I’ve always tried to follow the rules. Time to think about how often I’d failed. Time to think about the pillow.

Just because I can, doesn’t mean I should. But if I should, does that mean I will?