For the 32nd time in the last ten minutes, Mr. Courageous checked his phone. No notifications. He tossed it onto the wing of the Courage Jet. "Alphonse!"

Alphonse's kindly withered head appeared at the top of the basement stairs. "Sir?"

"Any calls?"

"No, sir."

"Mail?"

"I'm afraid not."

"Has Julie been by?"

"I have not seen Ms. Nightingale since your birthday bash last month."

Mr. Courageous crossed his arms. He tapped his toe.

"Will that be all, sir?"

Mr. Courageous' phone buzzed. "Yes, Alphonse, thank you!" Mr. Courageous ran to catch the phone before it fell of the wing. He had a notification from the Mayor's App. He took a second to swallow his disappointment, then checked the message:

**The schoolchildren of Pearson elementary have been encased in goo!**

"Alphonse! Cancel my plans this evening!"

Alphonse reappeared at the top of the stairs. "You don't have any plans, sir."

"Don't I?" Mr. Courageous stepped into the suit engine. The door sealed shut, steam hissed, and a dozen mechanical arms rushed into action. Three seconds later, he stepped out encased in his trademark bright red combat suit. "What about that gala for the city's underprivileged?"

"Cancelled, sir. And it was next week."

Mr. Courageous hopped into the Courage Jet's cockpit. "Alright, well let me know if anyone calls. Or sends mail. Or comes by to visit." He flicked switches, engines thrummed, and the ramjets beneath the Jet's wheels wound up.

"Have you considered calling her yourself?" Alphonse said.

Mr. Courageous' finger hovered over the launch button. "I don't know what you're talking about," he said. "But let me know if anyone calls!"

He hit the button and was catapulted through the secret gate into the city's skyscape.

*****

Five minutes later, the jet hovered down to the playground at Pearson elementary. The vertical auxiliary engines powered off, and Mr. Courageous vaulted out of the cockpit.

Dotting the playground were greenish-gray, semi-translucent mounds. Mr. Courageous inspected one. Within, a young boy rested with his eyes closed. A tiny smile played across the boy's lips.

Mr. Courageous touched the mound at the boy's shoulder level. His glove sank into the goo to a depth of an inch, then stopped making progress. What's more, he couldn't pull the glove back out. He grabbed the wrist of his stuck hand and heaved with all his weight, but managed only to pull his hand out of the glove. He stumbled backward and narrowly avoided falling into another mound.

"Who would do this?" he said.

A peal of laughter rang across the playground. "It is I! GOO GAL!" A hunk of goo detached itself from the school wall and slithered over. Once it got close, it rose up, solidified, and assumed the shape of woman. She wore clothing -- a hoodie and jeans -- made out of deep green goo. Due to the goo's transparency, Mr. Courageous couldn't make out her face.

"Release the children, Goo Gal!" Mr. Courageous said.

"Never!" A throne of goo materialized under Goo Gal and lifted her into the air. "This is the only way for me to assume my rightful place."

"So be it." Mr. Courageous tapped his wrist panel, activating his combat suit. Powerlines cross-hatched his torso. The rocket boosters attached to his feet fired and he flew at Goo Gal. She opened her arms as though to hug him. His momentum knocked her off her throne and the two of them fell to ground. 

Goo completely encased his battle suit. Where it touched his powerlines and boosters, it hissed and evaporated. 

Goo Gal said, "Deal with this!" The goo surged forward, pushed into his rocket boosters and deactivated them. It leeched the energy from his powerlines. 

Mr. Courageous couldn't move. The only part of him left ungooed was his gloveless hand.

It was then that he noticed that Goo Gal was gasping for breath underneath him.

"Oh my god, you're heavy," she said.

"That's the combat suit," he said.

"Sure it is." She huffed and puffed. "You're stuck."

"So are you."

"Now what?"

Mr. Courageous bent his hand toward his wrist panel. "Why did you attack these children?"

"I told you. It's the only way to get what I want."

"There's got to be an easier way."

Goo Gal turned her face to the side. "Sometimes the easy way is actually harder."

His fingers hovered over the emergency eject button. "Sometimes you have to admit that you're lying to yourself."

Goo Gal's breathing became high-pitched and thin. "Mark, I can't breathe."

"How do you know my name?"

"I can't breathe," Goo Gal gasped.

"Let me help you." Mr. Courageous tapped the eject button. His suit split into segments, and, wearing the slim inner skeleton, he flew up and away and landed on the far side of his jet. 

By the time he got back to where they'd fought, Goo Gal was gone.

*****

*more below*