10-21-2030
Today at school my friend Sarya showed me an incredible power. She could control sand! At first I couldn't believe it, but then she made not only a sword and shield, but an entire suit of armor as well! Then she beet up some of the bulies at the playground, and they had to be taken to the hospital.

10-22-30
I didn't see Sarya at school today. Gregory told me that she was "suss-pen-dead" because she beat up the bullies. I was sad. Mrs. Smith was also gone today.

10-23-30
Today the teacher came back. And I was happy! We didn't have any homework today, which is GREAT! The teacher also taught us about something called "Toh-poe-grah-fick-pow-urs" and said that where you were born can give some people incredibel powers, and showed us her power. She could break would without even touching it and move it with her mind. It was awsum!

10-24-30
Mommy didn't bring me to school today, and she said I wouldn't go back for a while. She told me that I was born in outer space. I was so confused. People can't be born in space, it's impossible, the cold would kill you. I am mad at her today.

10-25-30
I am at home again. Mommy says that I have to stay home for a little bit longer until she knows what to do. I miss Sarya. I miss Mrs. Smith. They are cool.

May the Fourth, Twenty Fourty-Eight:
Almost eighteen years have past since my transfer of study as a child. Tears come to my eyes when I read on my interpretation of events I wish I had no knowledge of.

The innocence of my youth was slowly drained after the awareness of my origins. Origins define everything for humans now. Sarya was born in Egypt, so she could control each grain of sand in her reach.

Mrs. Smith was born in the wilderness of England, away from the chaos of the busy city. She could control the bark of trees and wood.

But I was different from the rest. I was born in the vacuum of space on the ISS. My surroundings were void, so my abilities should be void, right?

That was never the case. Space is a vacuum of the collisions of everything. Space is where life could exist for three seconds or three eternities. Space is where everything is visible but never in your reach.

And so I became a God among men.

My mother homeschooled me from the very day Mrs. Smith showed us the potential of Topographic Powers. My mother was afraid I would become encouraged and eventually try to use mine. She was terrified for my sake, all the other parents were too.

So she limited my interactions with the outside world. Giving me curfew, homeschooling me with Father. They were very dedicated and educated. They spend hours training my abilities to do amazing things.

Today is the day I can go out and see the world. I'm leaving for Cairo to help with the relief. Sarya will be there too, I know it. My entire life has been build around love, my entire training has been build around love. Everything from here on out has to be for the unconditional love for and best intentions of people. I'm leaving this book here as a keepsake for mother, father, and brother Hikaru.

May you all hold the message of love in your hearts. Love is what guides us, and compassion is our destiny.