"Tough Crowd"

The light of the new day broke over the mountains behind me. Being in relatively safe territory, I had decided to travel through the night. I stopped to camp for an hour or two at some point, laying my bedroll on some uneven ground that was laced with protruding roots. It was an uncomfortable rest, but at least I’d be on time for once. 

I crested the incline of the road in tandem with the morning light and my eyes laid bare to a quaint village sitting among the trees. The buildings were all made of the same dark brown wood, each having its own flair; some had painted roofs of golden yellow or rusty red. Others had fine metal work of silver or black iron inlays on their front door while others still had flower boxes attached to each window, stuffed to the brim with wild pansies and various other colorful forest flowers.

A small river ran through the center of the village spanned by a wooden bridge wide enough for four people to walk abreast. It flowed from deep within the forest behind the village, as far as my eyes could see through the thick wood, all the way to a cliffside on the opposite end, cascading into a small waterfall that fed into the river far below. Despite its rustic appearance, I’d been to enough villages to know there was money here. Lots of it.

I’d been hired as an entertainer of sorts for a child’s birthday party to be held at noon. “Court jester” and “fool” had often been heckles thrown my way, but the parents of these children paid top coin for these types of parties and I came highly recommended. Coin spoke louder than mockery, in these, and all, parts.

The inn was my destination and it stood at the edge of the village near the forest. I reasoned that its location contributed to its name: the Forest’s Edge Inn. I went inside with my case full of supplies and informed the innkeeper that I was reporting for duty for the party this afternoon. I set up the stage for my show with ample time to spare, enough to enjoy a first-rate breakfast of fresh sausage, cured ham, perfectly hard-boiled eggs, and a mug of morning stout. Boy, was I right: plenty of coin here, indeed. 

The partygoers began to shuffle into the inn right around noon; the usual fair of shrieking youngsters, apathetic teenagers, and disenfranchised parents, but instead of being dressed in tattered tunics, handed-down shawls, and hair styled by sheep shears, as I was accustomed to, these folk were immaculately dressed in suits of numerous pieces, dresses with various nature motifs sewn on, and tightly cropped and fashioned hair-dos. The parents of the birthday girl approached me as they arrived, confirming my itinerary and paying me half my fee up front, as I required.

“Do your work, clown,” the mother said to me with her nose turned upward. “She just *had* to have a clown.”

The parents and the rest of adults left to the adjacent room from where the children gathered for the show.

*Here we go again. Just think of the money,* I told myself.

I donned my customary floppy hat and oversized shoes and adorned my face with the usual patterns that made my face look happy even when annoyed. I also found that raising my voice a pitch or two helped sell the idea that I was always jovial.

“Hi, kids!” I started in my goofiest voice. “Who wants to see some *magic?*” 

I usually got a hefty cheer at this introduction, but something was off. The children half-heartedly, almost worryingly, emoted their enthusiasm, or lack thereof. I decided to begin thinking they’d come along eventually. I pulled out my deck of playing cards and began shuffling them, adding the standard flourishes and cascading techniques; it was all quite routine and tended to impress immediately. Not here.

The children looked utterly terrified. Their mouths were all contorted, still deciding whether to scream or cry. Their eyes looked as if they’d seen all the scary monsters from their children’s stories all at once.

*Put away the cards,* I told myself, reading the air in the room that hinted at the consequences to come if I continued. I felt sweat start to break on my brow, but their demeanors had calmed a bit upon me putting the cards away. 

“How about...this?!” I exclaimed as a I waved my hands and produced a faux-bouquet of flowers that were hiding in my sleeve.

The children in the front row cried out as if stabbed by sharp steel. The others shuffled backward, aiming to get as far from me as possible.

*Tough crowd.*

“Oh, no, no, kids. It’s okay,” I said trying to reassure them. I threw the flowers away quickly which seemed to ease their minds once again. I should have stopped there. *Why didn’t I stop there?*

Perhaps these tricks were too complicated for them, I thought. Perhaps flowers appearing out of nowhere and cards acting unnaturally was just too much for this group. These were staples in my routine, but every kid is different, as they say. So I went for the cheesiest, most child-friendly “trick” in my arsenal.

I leapt off the stage toward the birthday girl, a child of five with auburn hair tied in pigtails and a blue dress with a white bow on the collar. I extended my hand to within an inch of her face then withdrew it, making a fist and placing my thumb between my index and middle fingers.

“Got your nose!” I cheered, making my eyes as wide as possible and curving my mouth into a smile.

The room turned to bedlam. The girl screamed as if her life was being threatened, as if I *had* physically removed her nose from her face and she was leaking blood all over her pretty blue dress. The other children rose to their feet, all screaming in unison, all falling over each other and banging on the doors to be let out of this hell they were trapped in. I tried my best to calm them, a futile effort.

The doors flew open, the parents standing there, their faces twisted with worry and shock, each with a hand in their pocket as if fingering a sword, though they wore no scabbards, a hidden blade perhaps.

“What is going on?!” the mother demanded, rushing toward her screaming child.

“I-I just...I got her nose.” I said, holding up my hand still wielding the child’s “nose”, trying to establish my innocence. Surely the adults would realize the misunderstanding. My time, and pay, may be cut short, but this was getting out of hand.

“Give it back!” the mother shouted.

“W-what?” I replied.

“Put it back. Right. Now!” she screamed desperately, her child’s life on the line.

“But I, it’s just...look,” I tripped over my words, bewildered and overwhelmed. I opened my hand, spreading my fingers wide to prove my innocence once and for all.

“Where is it?!” she shrieked, a sound emanating from her core that mimicked the banshees I remembered from *my* childhood stories.

“Kill the clown!” the father finally shouted, finally removing his hand from his pocket, wielding a slender wooden shaft that looked like a stick, but carved and shaped purposefully,  pointing it right at me. “He stole my daughter’s nose!”

A group of other adults spilled into the room and lined the back wall, all wielding their own carved sticks in kind.

“Die!” the mother shouted up at me, kneeling on the ground holding her child in her arms.

With a flourish of their wooden implements, they all produced streaks of different colors: lightning blues, flames of red and orange, bright white lights and hurled them in my direction. My instincts made me duck and the streaks tore into the decorations and wall behind me. I dashed out of the room via the unblocked door and aimed for the exit. I bolted through hallways and doorways as various stick-wielders tried to head me off. I barely dodged all of their blasts as I found my way to the front doors of the inn. 

I burst through them and flew out onto the empty street, taking awkward, exaggerated bounds due to the unwieldy shoes I was wearing. The mob behind me poured out of the inn and began their pursuit, sending out a sporadic volley of colored streaks that littered the street all around me. I somehow stayed intact.

I headed for the road on which I had entered town, but a group of stick-wielders had headed me off, intending to barr my escape route. 

The cliff. It was my only option. I might have a chance if I jumped off the waterfall. I didn’t have a chance against those carved sticks.

I barreled toward my target, zig-zagging along the way to evade the bolts and flames still being hurled at me until I was meters away from the edge of the cliff. It was as if my mere presence in their village was a threat to its existence. I was to be erased from this world in whichever manner they could achieve. I sped toward the edge of the cliff and dove for my life.

There was a queer utterance behind me and a gust of wind, a wind that did not pass by me or through me, but one that surrounded me, encased me and halted my fleeting descent.

I rose up, floating, to the crowd that had gathered at the edge of the cliff. I looked down, hundreds of feet above the water that I had hoped to land in, almost thankful that this magic prison now held me. 

The father of the birthday girl stood in front, his carved stick pointed at me with his other hand outstretched and clenched as if gripping something, me, I suspected.

“Now you will pay for your crimes, clown,” the man spoke with venom in his voice. He closed his hand and my world turned black.

Cold iron surrounds me and I know not where I am. A glimmer of light shines through a crack in the stone wall. The quill and rotting parchment on which I write this account seems leftover from a past inhabitant of this cell. To those who read this, heed my tale and threaten no one’s nose here, in this village of mages.