After eons of guiding souls into their afterlife, one wouldn't expect the reaper to fear the end. It seemed so natural till now. I've guided billions of souls into the afterlife. They're ALWAYS scared, no matter what they claim. I never really understood why. 

Wasn't the logical conclusion of life, death? Why fear something that gives meaning to something you love so dearly? No one answered these questions for me. Contrary to popular belief among humans, I've never seen/met a "God" or a "Devil". The afterlife as far as I can tell is just an empty canvas, where each soul's deeds are reflected unto itself. So it's understandable that humans believe there's a "good" and a "bad" afterlife called heaven and hell. Perhaps it's me that they mistake for some celestial entity that rules over two different realms of the afterlife.

Humans are most definitely the most creative souls I've encountered. They are so very imaginative and passionate about what they believe. I've always had a hard time reaping their souls in particular. Other simple souls like those of animals and kremin souls are much easier. Animals are not as passionate or creative and are not quite as scared of me as humans are. Kremins, on the other hand are the only species on their planet and are not rules by emotions. They too have a hint of fear but only at their first sight of me. 

Humans, however, are so much more complicated. There's such a mix of emotions as they cross the veil. Anger, fear, sorrow, and sometimes a hint of satisfaction. I always try to comfort them as best as possible. It's hard watching a human soul look back at its little one and realise that that's the last time it could see its child. Unfortunately for me, I do feel, unlike the Kremin. I usually make an extra effort to make their afterlife a little more comfortable than what their life affords them. A small likeness of their loved one here, a small beautiful landscape there, and the like.

Now, after so many eons of this, it all finally seems to be coming to an end. The celestial body of residence of the Kremins was destroyed by an asteroid about 8000 Kremin years ago. It was a busy couple of days for me. All those souls were understandably a little more shaken and anxious than I expected them to be. It definitely was quite a task to lead all those souls one after another to their afterlives keeping them as happy as I possible could, but that was nothing compared to the end of the human residence.

Quite interestingly, the humans were the reason for their own extinction, alongwith the extinction of the other species sharing their celestial residence. Their 3 global wars wiped out most of them. Their extreme passion and creativity led to inventions that they got addicted to, and these inventions eventually exhausted their resources and also rendered the atmosphere of their celestial residence uninhabitable. This also led to the residence warming up and it's waters rising in catastrophic bouts. Several humans and other land-based life-forms perished in these risings. Water-based and amphibious lifeforms were eradicated by the pollution caused by humans. 

Surviving humans fell gradually to the pollution that their kind caused. Now, after a most emotionally tasking decade of reaping, I see there are only 7 humans left. Once they fall, the purpose of my existence is defeated, and by universal law, I would cease to exist. Ironic isn't it? The humans are the end of death itself. After all these eons, it indeed is curiosity that killed death itself, albiet the curiosity of humans. I feel it now, I understand. Fear. We all feel fear at the end. It's not quite as easy to explain why. It's that sense of uncertainty and the feeling of being stolen of all purpose and opportunity. It's the feeling of leaving everything you lived for behind.

I'm ashamed to admit it, but just like humans, I too desperately yearn to prolong my existence. Perhaps that's because of all the years of sympathizing with them. The 7 surviving humans are the only things keeping me from the end, and I will do everything in my power to keep them alive. Even death in desperation would do unthinkable things, like bring life.  That's what they call me. Life. Mary just gave birth. Something they thought was impossible given that all the surviving men were sterile. I've forced life into this poisoned planet, for my own sake. Who reaps me? Given what I've just done, what is my canvas going to be like?