After five hundred years of not quite darkness, did I find myself back in the world of the living. Or at least, supposedly other conscious beings. They took me to a pristine white room first thing when I woke up, rather rude if you'd ask me. I was hoping for more courteous treatment than this.


A typical doctor walked in and sat in the chair opposite mine, laying his clipboard on the just as pristine table. He was smiling, and a bit nervous. He cleared his throat and said, "What was it like? To have been conscious for five hundred years and change?"


Well, for one, it was... a lot stranger than I'd care to admit. "It was horrible at first, truth be told." I remember the panic, the fear. The uncertainty of how I'd come out of it all, whether sane or alive or anything else other than. It was unnerving, to say the least, and downright terrifying.


"I'm sorry," he said, "what was that about terrifying?"


I tilted my head at him, confused. "I... don't think I mentioned that. And shouldn't you introduce yourself to me first..."


"Alex," he said with a nervous smile. "It completely passed my head." There was a sincerity in his tone that made it hard not to let the faux pas go. "I could've sworn you said something though?" he said, perplexed. His thoughts were a bit muddled, trying to imagine just what I went through.


"Save yourself the headache of trying," I said. "And no, it wasn't really some prison of something for all that time."


"Trying what?" he asked, again with that befuddled expression. He also seemed to have forgotten to write his observations into that clipboard of his. "And no, this is just your chart," he said, "no questionnaire here."


"I'm sorry?" I said. "I think we're getting ahead of ourselves here." This was getting--


"Weird?"


Yes. That's when I started feeling them in the walls, like blobs of mass pushing against a part of me that wasn't all there but was, like that sense of static on a television just turned off.


Alex's tone took a hard turn, the awkardness in his eyes and smile gone. "Did you know that the zone we found you in had more accidents reported than the rest of the world for the past century?"


"I was asleep, Alex," I said. "That's hardly a fair question."


"And aren't you a little too calm?" A bead of sweat ran down his forehead, and a just as taut tension surrounded the room--breaths stilled in anticipation of what I was going to say next.


I sighed. Alex swallowed. And everyone else stopped breathing as the walls around me crumbled to dust. "And now I'm bored." The room kept disintegrating, as a crack opened against the solid steel walls of the dome they'd apparently built around my so called tomb. Again, rude.


With a few more seconds of... well, thinking my way out of the proverbial box, I saw sunlight once more for the longest time. But this time, not through the eyes of another. 


Still, who knew five hundred years of consciousness eventually lead to psychic powers.