Three years. Three long years they had been playing this game. Today, this session, it was all coming to a head. The group began to take their places around the table as the DM setup the last of the materials. As she sat there adjusting her gaming aids, she looked up at the group and smiled knowing what was about to take place. "Well, it's been a long time coming to this point but we're finally here, are you all ready to go at it?"


The players all looked at each other with an excited look of wonder and curiosity for what was about to happen. Robert, though smiling, held a somber gaze cleverly hidden by his levity. His curiosity was definitely piqued despite the nagging feeling in the back of his mind.


"A slight breeze rolls over the desert," the DM began as she took a deep breath. "The cool morning is filled with anticipation as many of the scholars gather. The alchemists, the tinkerers, even high members of the military are present to partake in the events of today. Your gadget is finally ready, what do you do?"


Vannevar looks at the group and then looks at Robert. "Well buddy the time is here. What say you that we light this thing off?"


Thomas also chimes in, "Yes Doctor, it’s time to begin, we can finally have something to bring this war to an end. Let's not waste time!"


Robert once against smiled hoping to hide is deepening concern. Anxiety washed over his as he took his die and spun the D20 in his hand. He eyed the numbers on the die and spun it hoping to find some solace in the markings on it. Only when he saw the triquetra where the 20 would sit did he finally open his mouth to speak.


"Yes General, let's go ahead and begin the test. I announce to everyone to put on his or her protective glasses. I eye my sundial dial then look to the coming dawn."


"Roll for success, it’s a general roll." The DM states as a mere formality. 


Robert rolls. Trinity. 


"It is a beautiful morning and another breeze touches your face. It dances across your skin causing the small hairs to stand as the sudden shift in temperature hits your nervous system."


"That's not what's causing my hair to stand..." Robert states solemnly. Vannevar looks at him and gives him a pat on the back "Come on Robert, we've been at this for 3 years. Let's have our joy and relish in our accomplishment."


Thomas looks at his timepiece too. The time was 5:29 in the morning, less than a minute now. The trio put on their glasses and move behind the barrier erected by the tinkerers. 


Their gadget hangs from the tower off in the distance as they wait for the countdown to finish. The announcer casts Sending as the words begin to echo... "T-minus 10... 9... 8..." Thomas gets antsy as the time slips away. "7... 6... 5..." Vannevar looks giddy, smiles at Robert like a boy on Christmas morning. "4... 3..." Robert's gaze grows dark, darker than the opaque lens that covers his face. A moment of clarity strikes him as the final numbers tick by. "2... 1..."


FLASH! A blinding light floods all available space. For a moment, nothing but photons could be seen. Whereas darkness is the absence of light, in this moment it was the absence of darkness. As quickly as the light came it faded into the bright image of a fireball that grew exponentially and reached for the sky. The sound was deafening, even to them in their protective enclosure. Vannevar clapped with joy as it was very apparent the success of their work had come to fruition. General Thomas stared in awe at the ferocity of what he was beholding. They both looked at Robert, whose demeanor had only darkened and his look become almost ghastly. The two of them look at the Doctor with pleading eyes, wondering why the reaction. Robert stares at the inferno, ignoring their beckoning eyes, and lets out a single phrase. 


"Now I am become death, the destroyer of worlds."

