So many centuries spent in a cave.  Asleep most of the time. Best not to venture out too often, look at what happened to your more adventurous friends.  They might have enjoyed their frequent feasts of cattle or peasants, but eventually the knights would clank their way to their late, and then what?  Or a well-flung spear or two or five would slow them down and the people would swarm them like ants.  
Better to subsist than to feast, and while away the years in half slumber, alive.  It was pleasant enough to listen to the birds and watch their flight, see the trees bud and leaves unfurl and dry up and waft to the ground, see icicles form at the mouth of the cave, and the diamond light and rainbows shimmering until they melt away as the crocus push up through the melting snow.  There was plenty to think about, too: other dragons long dead, the occasional overmatched dragonslayer (some of whom were quite tasty), what were all those lights in the night sky (and where did the sun go every night?),  

Sometimes he would just think about the right words to describe what he was seeing or even find some combination that he enjoyed uttering aloud in his deep, rumbling voice.  "Antelope enjoy rutabaga" he would solemnly intone, and even though he knew they didn't, his mouth would curl up in a grin as his scaled lids settled half closed for another few months.

One day his sharp hearing woke him to the strident tones of war, coming from the nearby castle.  He yawned and stretched. "May singing steel send you to your slumber", he said, something he had rumbled aloud as wars of one kind or another passed through his valley.  He smiled as he thought of something new: "Arrows make a piercing sound, but it's not a piercing sound!"  He chuckled as he thought about that.

Soon there was some uncommon noise.  The wooden gate of the castle began to break and shatter.  The fighting grew more intense.  Women's cries were added to the screaming and cursing.  He thought about how little he had enjoyed the words he heard from the few soldiers that had ever ventured to his cave.  Not much you can make from "ARRRRRGH!"

Soon an even rarer sound.  Unsteady footsteps approaching his cave.  Another shiny, clanking knight, similar to past visitors, soon came into view.  As the man came closer, he noticed some differences.  The man was limping badly, instead of the bold charges or the timid, halting approaches he had seen before.  The knight's armor wasn't polished to a high sheen but was smeared with blood (the dragon smelled it before he saw the man) and the feathered ends of two arrows pointed different directions from his shoulder and back.  In his arms the unusual knight carried a bundle wrapped in thick furs.  The dragon didn't stir but watched, intrigued.

The knight walked directly to the mouth of the cave without drawing a weapon. He didn't possess one, as far as the dragon could tell. How novel!  "I dub thee Sir Lancelesslot" rumbled the dragon, and let out a chuckle.  The knight looked dumbfounded, then fell to his knees. He let out a torrent of words in his typical ridiculous, squeaky, human voice.  Something about the kingdom adopting the dragon as their sigil and a symbol of permanence and strength, they had honored their long truce with the dragon ("I don't remember signing anything", he thought to himself) and would he please look after the princess, the last of the royal family, as only the dragon could keep her safe, and when she was grown, restore her to her rightful throne and she would surely repay him!  The dragon took a deep breath, as he was about to reply, "Such a solemn promise I would sorely struggle to keep, surely she should pay for her safety with pigs and steers and sheep?" Not his best, it was a spur of the moment thing.  But the knight collapsed, dead, his small burden laying on his outstretched arms.

The dragon let out a long, thin stream of smoke from his nostrils.  Dinner had collapsed in front of him, a pleasant surprise.  This princess was another matter.  Could he be a nurturing dragon? How would he go about the task?  "Do babies eat broiled knight meat?"  He laughed.  "Delivered by a dead man, raised to be the head ma'am".  Meh. Would he really want to pay attention long enough to raise this mewling thing to a human?  He thought of his long years of quiet solitude, interrupted to raise this offspring of the murderous humans.  Then his mouth curled up as  his mind formed a pleasant-sounding sentence to solve his problems.

"The princess 

is delicious."