This was unexpected. The world blurred slightly around Steve as he found himself in the crowded living room of a stranger's house. Immediately he knew it was The Last Hour. Any time a person was within an hour of death, their loved ones would be drawn to them like a magnet for final words and farewells. He'd been called to many Last Hours in his short life. The unexpected part was that all Steve's loved ones were already dead. The very last of his family had passed away before he even finished college. Although he was hopeful for the future, he hadn't yet met someone with whom he could build a new family. So whose loved one was he?

Steve scoured the sea of strangers, looking for any clue as to why he had been called. In the centre of the room lay a woman he did not recognize. He could not describe the strange feeling brewing deep in his gut as he looked at her face. He could not explain why he felt drawn to this woman. He had no idea why tears had already begun to trickle down his face as he slowly walked towards her. 

The woman's eyes met his. It felt like a small jolt of electricity through him. "Baby?" her voice cracked with raw emotion. "Is that really you?" He was too dumbfounded to answer. "I'm your mama," she said, as tears spilled down her face.

Steven had known he was adopted. But he had always assumed his birth mother was dead, or didn't want him. Yet here she was, alive. And she obviously loved him enough to call him to her Last Hour. "I thought you gave me up because you didn't love me," he finally managed to say. 
"Oh no, no!" his mother exclaimed. "I gave you up because I DID love you."

Steve's mama was 15 when she had him. The man who impregnated her was an old drunk who had taken advantage then run off. She and her sisters were living in the homeless shelter and sometimes the back of a car. She had nothing to give her baby boy but a fresh start. On the day Steven was born, she wrapped him as best she could in a t-shirt and carried him to the fire station. She cried and kissed him, and told him she would always love him. Then she gently placed him in the hatch. 

She went on to build a life for herself. She married and had many more children. After his adopted parents had died, Steve had been all alone in the world. Now he looked around the room at a huge family full of brothers, sisters, aunts, uncles, cousins, a stepfather, and - for the next precious hour at least - a mother.  

On the first day of Steven's life his mother had shown her love by saying goodbye. On the last day of her life, Steven was so grateful The Last Hour  allowed him to show his love and do the same.

