"Two times, doc.  TWO!"  I screamed in a short-lived panic.

Dr. Hurzdonet sustained a concentrated staredown until it morphed into a confused gaze.  Sure, the lack of injuries said otherwise, but the exact same vehicle certainly hit me before.

"You need to relax.  This is the third time this month you've visited me, and your eyes seem to be burrowing deeper and deeper into a pit of despair.  Lack of sleep is the only potential trigger causing your vivid hallucinations.  I'm writing you up for a hefty dose of temazepam to help you out, but I highly advise you to relax and not take these thoughts too seriously.  Call the number on the back if I'm not available."  The doc handed me a piece of paper as I attempted to pinch my third eye.

I snatched the prescription with haste, everything around me becoming a blur.  Muffled voices echoed behind me as the office door revealed the piercing sunlight.  Pacing forward with vigorous pace, I charged to my car with a mission to figure out what the hell was going on.  Everything was going well for me, life was finally falling into place after years of torment, but this "hallucination" just had to come and crash the moment.  I didn't deserve this.  I didn't need this.  I didn't want...

"SSSssscccrrreeeeeeeccchhh... WHOMP!"

I woke up drenched in sweat.   Gotta love nightmares.  They don't hit me often, but when they do, I'm often forced to wash my sheets twice to fully rid the scent of fear.  The same red sports car keeps running me over, despite being such a terrible model to hit a pedestrian.  Shrapnel always flies everywhere, and I've got the pleasure of witnessing it freely while simultaneously having my matter stirred from the inside-out EVERY time.

My sheets lay drenched as I forced myself to the bathroom.  I opened the medicine cabinet to re-up my dosage and hopefully get some decent shuteye for once.  I took the pill bottle with me for safekeeping.  Ignoring the moist conditions, I closed my eyes in an attempt to speed up the night's process.

Sleep halted and my eyes opened.  The light was still on.

I checked my prescription's label.  Dr. Hurzdonet prescribed me this today.  How is that possible?  Am I going crazy?  Was I already crazy?