Boom! A loud noise killed the silence of midnight. It wasn’t clouds announcing their presence, it wasn’t an electrical explosion either. There wasn’t anything on our farm that could explode, expect that old tractor of my dad. That thing was on its deathbed. 


I ran downstairs, hoping to see if my dad was the source of this sudden terrifying sound. Everybody was in the hall, their expression were evident that they were as clueless as me. I asked dad “Did the tractor explode?”. “Why would tractor explode?, it was something else” said my dad in his heavy Texas accent. 


“I think someone broke into our barn” he added


“Don’t tell me it could be those stupid aliens you pretend talking to every night on computer” Said my mom. The sarcasm in her voice got us all laughing. 


In the end, my father decided to check out what’s outside. I followed him.

 
I was always fascinated by his stories about how we are not alone in universe. How his colleagues at NASA receive strange transmissions every now and then. His stories always made my heart glow, and pushed my mind to imagine a sci-fi future where humans will not be the only intelligent species roaming the planet. This is the only reason I decided to become a physicist. My father’s enthusiasm for science sparked the same in me. 


We reach the gates of our barn, there’s nothing there but, we both felt that something was not right. All the sheep were silent, not a single peep from horses too, none of the chicken cooing and the piglets; I have never seen them sleep so peacefully. 


With the handheld flashlight, we spent 15 minutes looking for what made the noise. We checked if all the animals were okay and yes, they were. We returned back to house, confused but a little less scared than before. 
Next day however, Marry came running to my room, holding a small chick in her pink, cute palms. Being just 3 year old, her love for chickens is just too cute to bear. 


That was the day we found Mathmachicken, I gave him this name because of his number shaped patterns of feathers. We didn’t knew where he came from. None of our hens had laid eggs, nobody lived near our home whose chicken might have ran for freedom and found shelter in our barn. Mathmachicken just appeared in our barn. 


He was a special chicken, with a strange grey color, a shiny little crown, number shaped patterns on feathers. He grew up to be healthy, with a strange personality, and a strange walk that appeared to have a gentlemen feel to it. 
Mathma was our favorite chicken from our barn. Until this thanksgiving.


Growing up to become this fat chicken, from our barn to the crock-pot, from crock-pot to our plates, and from plates to our tummy, mathma’s journey came to an end when my mother decided to cook chicken roast for our family of 4. It was normal, like every other year. Except, this time it was mathma that landed in the crock-pot. He wasn’t officially our pet and dad used to see him as every other chicken in our barn. 


With tears in our eyes, a little regret in our heart. Marry and me took the bite of the drumstick, tasted the soup too. It was hard to know that a chicken that spent many days in our personal room, is now spending his last few hours in our plates but, god, it was tasty.


That dinner changed a lot of things in us. My father’s NASA career skyrocketed when his discoveries started making sense. My mother won our state election because of her charming ideas to improve the neighborhood. Marry grew up to be the best neurosurgeon across the globe, only surgeon to find the cure for paralysis. 


And me. I grew up to be, well, whatever I am today. My discoveries - the portal tech, the fusion reactors, the hyper drives, I don’t know, these just came to me. Everybody thought it was our family who had the genius in them from start. But we knew, it was the drumstick and the wings, the soup and the gravy of our beloved Mathma. 


I will miss you Mathma but, I am glad we cooked you.
_________________________

My first attempt at a prompt. Please provide feedback. 