My headache over the past few days seemed overwhelming. The thunderstorms had been settling in the valley as though they were here to stay. The flashes of light from the window left me blinded, and the thunder made my head spin. 

Josh came home a little early today, told me that I should lay down for a little bit, and asked me if I had taken any more medicine. It doesn't really matter, it hasn't  been doing any good. I scrolled through some news articles from my area before I fell asleep, it seems as though I'm not the only one with a severe headache. Several articles talked about the surge of locals standing in doctors offices complaining of headaches and fatigue. 

I didn't see the need of going to the doctor, it's just a headache, right? Either that, or a brain tumor. Neither of which I can pay the doctor visit on. I let out a small half hearted chuckle. Just as I close my eyes a piercing pain shoots through my temples and I'm left with the last thought being what I would make for dinner tonight.

I suddenly felt fingers grasping my limp hand with a bone crushing grip. The haze surrounding my mind made it hard to wake up, it seemed as though I was waking from the deepest sleep i had in quite some time.

A young man sits beside my hospital bed. He's in his early twenties, with brownish hair and green eyes. They're smiling at me as they shine with tears. I'm not sure how I got here, the last thing I remember is the thunderstorm, and my intense headache.

"Oh my God, Allie, you're awake." He says, shakily. My brows knit in confusion. Maybe he sits with people who are in the hospital. Maybe he got the names of some patients crossed? My name is Emily. 

"I'm sorry?" I manage to croak out. My throat is dry, and it hurts to speak.  He presses closer to my bed and pulls me into a tight hug. My body feels weak, and as he holds me I can feel the bones in my shoulders rub together. 

I look over his shoulder and notice my reflection in the mirror hanging on the wall opposite of my bed. The girl staring back at me is also young, early twenties, maybe even younger. Her hair is fire kissed, with freckles splashed accross her nose. She has a ghost of a dimple on her right cheek. This girl is not me. 

I push against his shoulders as a fly pushes against a wall. He understood me well enough and stepped away. I noticed a cup of water sitting beside my bed on a table. I moved to grab it but the hands that moved were not mine. They were light and dainty, but they moved where I willed them. I took a long, deep drink from the straw in the cup.

I noticed he was still staring, not speaking, he seemed as though he was taking it all in. I returned the cup to the bedside and looked at myself once more. 

"I don't know who you're looking for, or how to tell you this, but I don't know you." The hope drained from his eyes as I spoke my words. "It's not that I don't remember you.. well, I don't, but it's more like I've never met you before in my life. My memories are all still here. My husband Josh, our beautiful baby boy, our house full of animals.. something is wrong here." The longer I spoke, the more I tried to make him see that I was not allie, it seemed to anger him.

"Do not start this shit again Allie. Or whoever you are this time. You were in this fucking hospital for a month. In a coma!" He shouted at me, as he threw his hands into the air. He frightened me with his words. He was all heat, sucking it out of the room into himself, I felt suddenly cold. "Do you think I would make this up?! That face staring at me in the mirror is not my face. I do not know who this person is, who you are!" I felt tired, worse than I had before I had the headache. 

He moved in close to me once more, his face more of worry than of anger. "Allie, I can't keep doing this! I can't keep coming home and finding you passed out!" He looked into my eyes, but did not find the recognition he wanted. He turned, grabbed his jacket off the chair beside my bed, and left the room. 

I pushed the call button on the remote and a nurse came in shortly afterwards. "Hello again miss Airwood, glad to see you finally came around. This is your third trip in here this year. You know we're gonna start denying you care. You've racked up quite a bill with us." She was scolding me as she checked my vitals and my heart sounds. 

"Allie Airwood? What kind of name is that?" She stopped for a moment and looked at me. "Who are you supposed to be then?" She asked me, wrapping her stethoscope back around her neck. 

"Emily Hughes," I replied. She looked at me with pity, and patted my arm. "We'll get you some food in you and see about some discharge papers. You seem in well enough condition."  I don't suppose she believed me then. I must be crazy. How would you even get body switched anyway? God, I'm nuts. 

It took most of the day before I was dischsrged. They told me they called my emergency contact and the same boy from earlier sat in the waiting room to collect me. He seemed to have calmed down since earlier today. He smiled at me, though it didn't quite reach his eyes.

I got up from the wheelchair. My legs felt wobbly and weak. He held my elbow at the crook and guided me into the passenger seat of his 97 Civic. It had a small dent in the rear quarter panel, with some chipping paint around the edges. 

We sat in silence during the car ride back to what I assumed was home. He handed me my phone, and after several attempts to unlock it myself, he punched in the password while driving and tossed it back into my lap. Pictures of the two of us littered the phone, Facebook told me his name was Wes. The two of us seemed happy.

I looked up from the phone to notice we were in my home neighborhood, my real one. "Stop!" I yell as we pass the very house I lived in with my husband. I fumbled with the door handle and practically poured out of the car to get to the yard. "Allie, no!" Wes yelled from behind me, as he also stepped out of the car. 

I fumbled to the door and smacked it with my palm. Please open the door, please be here! I opened the door, only it wasn't me. I was here and there, but I was not in there. The woman looking at me had my face, but she was not me, because I am here! 

"Wes?!" The woman shouted past me, as she gripped my child to my body that was not hers! "Get away from him!" I shout at her as I grab for my son. He's afraid and clings closer to her leg. Wes reaches me then and grabs my shoulders. "Why are you doing this again?" He shouts at me. 

Just then my husband steps out as well. He looks angry, staring at me with disgust. "Are you on another bender again Allie?" He asks me. I plead with him through my eyes. "I am Emily!" I cry, as Wes is dragging my backwards towards the car. "Get her away from us Wes, we will throw her in jail if she does this again!" He shouts at him. I crook my head to look at Wes, he is angry too, but also pained. 

I'm crying so hard that I'm gagging, shouting to please let me go, that I live here, that she is not me and I am not her! Wes throws me back into the car and locks my door, I fiddle with the lock but can't get it to open this time. I watch as they file back into the house, with her being the last one inside. She looks at me in the eyes, and smirks at me. 

Instantly I am refueled. "She knows!" I shriek, as Wes climbs into the drivers side. He looks at me once more with a sad, pitiful look. I jerk at the door handle once more, but it doesn't budge. It's no use. He doesn't believe me. 

The rest of the ride is silence. We get back to his home, a nice little single wide on the edge of an up and coming trailer park, and inside of the doorway is a stack of medical bills. "From all of your lovely O.D. trips, Allie." He spits at me. He noticed me looking at the stack of mail. 

"You go off on these benders where you harrass that family and then you drug yourself up. What the fuck is wrong with you Allie?" He spits his words at me. I shake my head as tears fall. "I don't know!" I shout at him, my hands balled so tightly at my sides I can feel my nails biting into my hands. 

I rush down the hallway of the trailer and find the bedroom. I throw myself across the bed and land on the unforgiving mattress with a thud. I notice a small notebook peaking out from underneath the bed.

It details my life before, when I was Emily. 7 times I have done this before, tried to recreate the headache during the storms that lead me to the life I am now. To maybe try to reverse it? If that is a possibility? My head hurts once more. Maybe if I take a nap, it will give me a fresh look at things.
