Immortals

I open my eyes, a world of color assaults my senses. Smells were distinct and sounds were interestingly clear, I could hear the sway of the leaves from afar and as I focused I see people around me examining me with faces of anxiety.

I took a deep breath and muttered to myself, "Nassaab!". I knew what happened, the Ghost of Alexandria have died once again. The man I was in contact with for a mission betrayed me, he will learn the folly of his actions in due time. Now though I have to handle the situation.

"Honey, are you alright?" A blond woman fussed over me looking overly concerned. This was probably my mother, she had an American accent. 

I nodded slightly, this happens every time I die. I would transmigrate into a new life one that is five years old. The old soul of this body have already left, and died because of an accident or something similar."What happened?" I croaked.

"Michael! What were you thinking!" I could hear both relief and anger in her voice. She started telling the tale of the kid's stupidity. Apparently young Michael was playing atop a tree and fell, falling and breaking his neck, dying in the process thus leaving me to occupy the body. The other well doers started to disperse, I didn't see anyone that appears to be my father.

Transmigration heals the body thus I was fine after the transfer. I weathered my mother's fussing and then after she calmed down, I quietly slinked away.

Only when she went out to go to work, bidding me not to do anything stupid did I become active. I opened up her laptop and started downloading tools that will help me mask my location.

I then typed on the browser Im.mortal.tpt, this was our site. I am not the only immortal, and my immortality is not the only way. This site is a site for all those immortals, a way to keep up with your friends and enemies.

I logged in and an interface similar to facebook popped up. I smile wryly, this was the first time I logged in this thing in a few years I suppose we have to get with the times.

I searched for Freyja over the search link and her profile popped up. 

I chatted her "hey babe, I might be late for the date"



