"Did that thing just talked?" Randall said, clutching at his chest.

"I did, why?" the sword replied nonchalantly. "I must confess I expected to be freed by a king, or a man with a noble heart. But there's something exhillarating about being held by a haggard man clad in tattered, begrimed breeches and a soot-stained white shirt. I must also confess that I'm impressed by your wits. Thousands of men have tried to--"

"Throw it, Talandor! It's cursed!" Randall screamed at the top of his lungs, as he prepared to sprint far away from the sword.

Talandor's brows knitted, as he examined his new, gleaming weapon. "Throw it, you say? The hilt is pure golden, see how it glistens? Look at the perfect etching on it too. What is this?" He squinted his eyes, and tapped at a big, green stone incrusted on the base of the weapon's blade. 

"An emerald," the sword said, and straightened into Talandor's hand as if standing tall and proud.

"A big ass emerald, I would say," Cotten said. He was sitting against the bark of a tree, while sharpening arrowheads with a rock.

"A big ass emerald indeed," Talandor said, and a smiled carved across his face. "The blade seems to be made of fine steel too. I'm no blacksmith, but I can recognize a proper alloy when I see one. We could sell it for a fortune in Errendar's market."

"Sell me? Are you truly so naive?" the sword cried out, and a flame roared on its blade. Talandor gasped and jumped in place, his eyes wide as plates. "I'm Excallibur. Have you not heard my tale?"

"Holy tarantulas! That thing has magic?" Randall slowly stepped closer to the sword. "We--we could really make a fortune. We might even be able to quit thieving!"

"It speaks, Randall, of course it has magic you half-wit," Cotten said, and rose to his feet. "Tell us your story, Excallibur."

"I have forgotten most of it, I must confess," Excallibur said, and the flame faded away. "It's not easy being buried inside an enormous boulder for so long. I only remember that whoever freed me from that stone got to be king of England."

"King of England?" Talandor said, and shared a look with the other three. A moment later, they dissolved in to exaggerated laughter; tears fell like waterfalls and meld with the grime of their cheeks; they collapsed onto the ground, clutching their stomachs.

"What are you laughing at? You don't believe my words? I'm a proper sword, and I won't tolerate such disrespect!"

Talandor stood up, blinking away tears of joy. "It's not that, we love you dearly. It's just that we imagined ourselves as kings. Oh man, that would've been a disaster. Listen, we are thieves, and even if your words were true, we want nothing but ale and fine ladies."

"Yes!" Randall shouted and raised a clenched fist to the sky. "Ale and fine ladies, and nothing else. Being a king is too complicated. It's like, hey here's a tax, and then another, and then you have to read. Who knows how to read these days?" He shook his head vehemently.

"But--but are you sure of this?" Excallibur said, perplexed.

"As sure as that we are going to sell you for a fortune on Errendar's market," Cotten said, threw the rock and stowed his arrows back into the quiver. "Come on, let's get going. It will get dark soon. We should reach Errendar tomorrow morning."

Randall and Talandor obliged, and off into the woods they went.

Excallibur remained silent all the while, until the veil of the night fell, and the snores of the three bandits were loud and wide. It was then when it stood, and set their little camp afire, standing in the midst of the chaos watching their corpses burn, and relishing their screams.

"Sell me in a market?" Excallibur said, as the flames crackled and grew larger. "This will teach their souls."

With that, and without a destiny, Excallibur went hovering and teetering into the woods. 

-------------------------

r/NoahElowyn