Stories of heroes. They give hope to humans. Humans beating gods and monsters. David against Goliath. Humanity is obsessed with the concept of a hero.

Whether that hero exists or not is another story.

I am not an evil. I simply exist. My hunger and pain are as real as you. But simply because I exist in the natural order of the universe means humans must stop me.

I didn’t ask to be considered a god. Every century, I awaken hungry for life. My creation was to cleanse the earth of the unwanted and sick. To leave only the strong behind to push their growth forward. In the beginning they worshiped me. So many sick and dying I took their burdens and they worshiped me for it.

Then as the years passed, they grew less sick, less were dying. They got arrogant. Believing that they could live forever. Angry when I woke to take what was due and sending warrior after warrior to stop my progress. Another ‘god’ emerged. A god of man. A mortal figure who sacrificed himself to stop me. 

He didn’t do it for them. He did it for his father, who I had taken. He may not have succeeded in stopping me forever but his death awoken something in them. The feeling of hope. The feeling that they should fight. Though he has been dead for a millennia his story lives in the youth that fall one after another at my feet attempting to emulate his story. Some do succeed.  They are regarded as heroes. Those that do not are painted as martyrs and those that open their eyes to the crafted lie that was told are painted as fallen heroes turned to evil  and shunned. Humanity had been fed a lie so addicting that those at the highest refuse to tell the truth. They memorialize heroes and hide away all their imperfections to propagate the myth. They teach it in schools and media.

Fight the monster, be a hero.

I am no monster, I am nature, my heart hurts to take those that are loved but such is life. But those that stop me die too young. Their deaths simply used as propaganda to push the next early contender towards the meat grinder.




