I waited patiently in the antechamber, my boots echoing loudly with every impatient thump. The priests had been gone for far longer than any of the other princes. A sneer crossed my face briefly before I could control it. Of course they did. I was a no-name from a backwoods part of the Kingdom. People had never even heard of Prince Chris of Avernus. Why would the gods be any different than their progeny?

After far too long the doors finally creaked open, their gold inlays muted in the dim torch light. However, no priests accompanied their opening. There was no crack of thunder, as had been for Zeus' champion, nor a small flood that my feet were still damp from for Neptune's choice. No, instead a steady and creeping darkness seeped into the room. The already low torches grew dimmer and dimmer until they were barely pricks of light. I stood in a panic. I was not uncomfortable with the dark, but this inky blackness was different, unnatural.

A chuckle came from everywhere and nowhere, and suddenly in front of me appeared one of the white-robed priests, his eyes rolled into the back of his head. He was looking right at me - right *through* me - and I could sense there was more at work here than a scare tactic.

"So, at last you come." The priest's mouth mimed the motions of speech, but the voice did not come from it. It crawled through my mind, clinging to my head like a miasma. It was weighty and unsettling. "And you come seeking my blessing."

"Wh-Who art thou?" I replied, doing my best to remember the old speech reserved for the gods. The voice chuckled again, and I reigned in the shivers coursing through my spine. I was in the presence of a divine being, but 'god' did not fit the being I was sensing. The darkness seemed to swirl around the priest as his milky eyes continued to peer at me, into my very essence.

"While I am delighted by the formality, it would not suit such old friends as you and I," the voice explained. Surely feeling my confusion, it continued. "Oh Chris, sweet Chris. We have known each other for so long. I believe you were five when we first met." I scrambled through my memories, trying to recall such a sinister presence. There was no way I would have forgotten encountering something like this. Not even Set or Hades' champions had felt this way. Cold for sure, possibly even evil, but this being was far more than either of those.

Another chuckle entered my mind. I'm glad I was amusing it at least, if for nothing else than my own well-being. "Those two are but pretenders to one such as me. They have their uses, to be sure, but you are speaking to the original, after all." The priest cracked a smile that appeared uncomfortable and grotesque on his face. "Do you remember your childhood pet, the cat? I believe his name was Rufus."

I did indeed, remembering the feel of his soft russet fur and his incessant mewling. He had died when I was five, taken during the night. My parents had found nothing but a patch of fur and his blood outside my door. The priest cocked his head, as if expecting an answer. "Yes," I finally said. "I do."

"And your friend, Samuel. Whatever happened to him?" My fists clenched as I thought of my old friend. We had grown as both people and soldiers, and he had fallen on the battlefield. I had made my first kill that day.

"Yes, I do."

"And your parents. Such a shame they died in that fire." It had been just before I left for here. The night before I left I escaped the blaze that claimed my parents and eventually escaped my small province.

"Chris, I know what is happening and why you are here. You were chosen, Chris. You are my champion, and you have been ever since you were born. It's time to accept destiny." All at once, a cold pale blade appeared before me, shining an ethereal silver light. It was thin, and seemed to emanate a coldness to it. I grasped the hilt and felt a rush of power and warmth. A grin graced the face of the priest. It looked like a skull.

"You will make me known to all and teach even the gods themselves to fear me." I knelt before my patron, whom I had lovingly worshiped since I had killed my cat as a child and had offered my first lover Samuel, my parents, and would soon offer the world. "We have hidden for long, child, but now, you can reveal yourself for who you really are."

The simple tunic and boots I wore changed. A form-fitting black dress covered me now, revealing the truth that I had been hiding since I entered the capital. With my patron's blessing, I no longer needed to fear being found.

"Go, Christina. Win the tournament and spread my name. Make them fear the Queen of Death."