“H...hic...huh? What happened? Why is it so hot?” Barely conscious, I asked myself.  
“Run, fool! Before you turn into a crisp!”  
“W...wait...hic... what?”  
As I was struggling to open my eyes, I slowly recalled my situation. I was at a bar with my coworkers after work. It’d been a rough day, so we drank a lot. And by a lot, I mean A LOT. A friend challenged me to drink all of the alcohol on the table, and I accepted. And after that was all to fuzzy to remember. And then apparently the building was on fire.  
I dragged my body towards the exit, my mind still hazy from all the alcohol I drank. My knees weak and arms were heavy, and before I knew it I was down already. As I was carried towards the hospital, I could vaguely hear people screaming and shouting. Angrily, in fact. I wondered what were they all angry about before I passed out again.  
The next day, I woke up in the hospital, still dizzy from all that alcohol. As I woke up, a doctor came into the room:  
“Well, good news sir. You don’t seem to suffer any injuries. No burn marks, no broken limbs or anything.”  
“That’s good to hear, doc. So I can leave now, right?”  
“Now, hold on a second there. I did say that you didn’t get injured, but you can’t leave the hospital just yet.”  
“Eh? Why?”  
“Well... You know the ‘Law of Power’ right?”  
“You mean the ‘repetition leads to power’ rumor that has been floating around recently?”  
“Yeah... that rumor is true. Very true.” The doctor said.  
“Really now? You’re telling me that some baseless rumor is true?”  
“I understand that you find it hard to believe, but it’s easy to prove. Just let out a breath and you’ll see.” The doctor said.  
“Wait, what do you mean let out a...”  
“Oh no, not in here of course.” The doctor interrupted me before I could finish my question. “I’ll take you outside, and then you can let out a breath.”  
I was still full of questions when the doctor took me outside, but I still followed his instructions:  
“Okay, now, take a deep breath in.”  
I did as he said.  
“Good. Now, let it out.”  
To my surprise, as I let out my breath, a big flame bursted out of my mouth, immediately scorching the hospital yard.  
“See? That’s the bad news.” The doctor said as he was putting out the fire with an extinguisher nearby that he probably prepared beforehand.  
“Wait, how did I get this power?” I asked, neevously yet excitedly.  
“Well as the law said, repetition leads to power. You are the first one to actually drink 10000 litres of alcohol. It’s already a miracle that you survived after consuming that much, but when we were examining you, we found this.”  
“Well, what do i do now, then?” I asked.  
“Not much, really. We still haven’t found a way to undo a person’s power, so for the time being you just need to not breathe out with your mouth.” The doctor paused a bit, then continued: “In the meantime though... Can you make barbecue?”