The droids were only made for scanning one person at a time. This thought lingers in your head for days, until finally you decide that you can't take it anymore and go out in search of an answer to this mystery. You've made quite a name for yourself because of this interesting phenomenon. Everyone's lining up to meet you. At you local coffee shop, the super market, some even going so far as to meet you at your front door. It's hard to meet people in public who can help you in your quest, so you take to the internet. After several sleepless nights and days of searching you come across your first big lead. A website. A website on the occult, the supernatural, the demonic... all the things that send shivers down your spine. There's millions of articles, but only one has you glued to the screen unable to look away, unable to stop reading. 
It tells of a story. A story about a young girl in the 1600s who was born in a chapel. The only people who lived there were a convent of nuns who followed the strict rules of the head nun. There was only one problem, she was nearly 90 years old and on her deathbed, but no was sure who would replace her. There was her daughter, but she didn't care for religion. There was the most devoted nun, but she was a whore before she joined the convent, so some were skeptical. But there was one nun, who was nine months pregnant in the infirmary. The didn't have all the medical knowledge as we do today, so the baby was expected to die. But when the nun went into labor the baby came out totally fine. It was that same day, however, that the head nun had died. Years later the nuns noticed that the baby had special powers. She could moved objects with her mind and talk to people without opening her mouth. It is believed by some that she went on to live her whole life…with two souls.
You can't read anymore: your hands start to shake and you feel nauseous. "Could this be why all this is happening to me. Do I have two souls?" You're astonished and terrified at your revelation. You don't know what to do, what to think. You don't know what's real and what's not anymore. This whole time… and you had no idea. Not knowing how to handle the situation, you rush to your fridge for any alcohol you can find when suddenly everything stops. The room goes dark. You fall. Unconscious. 
You wake up. There's bright lights and people in white coats. You passed out in the middle of your kitchen and were rescued by some fans who came to meet you, but ended up calling the hospital to save you.
The doctor walks in, a worried look on his face. He explains what happened to you. And what you find out is not what you expected, but so much worse. You solve the mystery, you learn the truth. 

You find out that the reason this has all been happening is because this whole time, there was a live hamster lodged way up into your tight little asshole.