*It's quite an incredible feeling, I must say, to know that I'll be sleeping for the next five centuries. I can only imagine this feeling is the same that the explorers of the past felt before they set out across the vast expanse of ocean, never knowing what they were going to find. My mind is being constantly overwhelmed by a swirling storm of excitement, pride, and, above all, fear. We are the first to ever travel to travel the great oceans of space and time. Hopefully Kira and I can also be the first humans to ever have a baby in another solar system. Not just for the glory of being first, but we have a bet going on with Abraham and his wife of who's going to have a little one first. Just more things to be terrified about, so I shouldn't think too much about it right now. We leave tomorrow and I'm sure that I won't be able to sleep at all tonight with the emotions raging through me. Then again, I'll have plenty of sleep soon enough.* 

*I’m pretty sure I could go on writing for hours, but I need to go over our last day checklists one more time before I make at least an attempt to get some rest. Farewell for now, universe. I'll see you in about 500 years...*

James Forrester

May 18th, 2081

\---------------------------------

Chapter 1

1

The darkness slowly gave way to light as James began to regain consciousness. Little by little his eyes opened to the ship around him. His vision was blurry, and he couldn't make out anything other than vague shapes and the searing whiteness of the world around him. He couldn't figure out why he was so sore and tired, but he started to worry that something terrible had happened to him. He tried to move his arms to be able to push himself up, but they did little more than shift around a little. He had no energy and no idea what was going on. Panic started to set in.

"Please remain calm, Captain Forrester," a calming voice said. "You are coming out of cryo-sleep and have not fully recovered. Administering a sedative now. Rest up for now and let me take care of you."

James panic only increased. Who was talking to him? How did they know his name? He still had no idea where he was or what was going on. He tried to move again but still only got the slightest of response from any of his limbs. Then the drugs kicked in, and he quickly drifted back down into a deep sleep.

2

"Captain, it is time to get up," said a voice in his ear. He shook his head and tried to go back to sleep. He was so tired. "No more sleep, Captain. It is time to get up. You have a lot of work to do." He sighed heavily. He had never been much of a morning person, no matter how long he'd spent in the military. 

"Alright, Kira...alright..." he mumbled and opened his eyes. Once again, the light was blinding, and he had to squint to let his eyes adjust. He also noticed that he had a pounding headache.

"I'm not your wife, Captain. I'm Halie, the ship's computer. And you're not in Kansas anymore, Dorothy."

"What?"

"We are in orbit around Ross 128 b, sir. We made it."

Everything came flooding back to him at once. He tried to sit up, but pain shot through his body at the sudden motion.

"Take it easy. You're not going to be in very good shape for the next couple of days. Just lie still for a little bit longer and let your eyes and mind adjust. Your eyes haven't done any work in 484 years. I'm not sure that your brain has ever done any real work, so that is going to take a little longer to re-adjust."

"Why did they give me an asshole computer to run this mission?" James groaned. More details were coming to him as he laid there and let his eyes regain focus. The computer in question was the most advanced piece of machinery that mankind had ever invented when they left. Some psychologist thought it would be better if it had a sense of humor. James alternately loved and hated whatever person had that bright idea.

Once things began to come into focus - still fuzzy, but clear enough that he could make out his surroundings - and he began to sit up again. Slowly. He had to fight off a wave of nausea when he was halfway there, but he finally managed to get himself into a sitting position and looked around. He couldn't be sure, but it didn't look like anybody else had gotten out of their pods yet. That was good.

"Crew status," he said to Halie.

"Still reviving the rest of the crew. I woke you a little earlier than we had planned so that we'd have a moment to talk."

"This doesn't sound good. What's up?"

"Well, there is a problem with the planet that I thought you should be aware of. You see, it's already inhabited, Captain. By, uh, humans. And they want to talk to you."