George Jones smiled at the district attorney. The 54 year old councilor from the city’s Office of Empowerment sat in the witness box wearing a colorful tie dyed shirt, khaki cargo shorts, and sandals which showed off his hairy toes.

Hector Rodgriuez, did not smile back. Rising from his table he stalked towards the defendant tapping a stack of documents across the open palm of one hand. “Mr. Jones …”

“Call me George,” beamed the counselor.

“MISTER Jones, isn’t it true than on February 9th of 2018 you met with one David Brewster in your capacity as a councilor for the City’s Office of Empowerment?”

“I surely did.”

“And in your capacity as a councilor for the Office of Empowerment were you able to determine what Mr. Brewster’s super power was?”

“Yep!”

“Let the record show that MISTER Jones answered in the affirmative.” The DA glanced at the paperwork in his hand. “Could you verify that this is a copy of the case file for Mr. Brewster?”

“Yep! It surely is."

The district attorney handed a copy of the records to the court recorder. “Let the record show that Mr. Jones has confirmed that this is a copy of Mr. Brewster’s case file. I am now submitting this  as Exhibit A.”

“And so Mr. Jones, according to your own records, what was the nature of Mr. Brewster’s super power?”

“He makes fart bubbles.”

The audience in the gallery laughed.

The judge banged his gavel until order was restored.

“And what is the nature of these bubbles?”

George scratched his head. “I dunno. They’re like soap bubbles except they’re farts.”

The judge banged his gavel. “This is a Court of Law and everyone in the gallery is expected to sit quietly while observing the proceedings! If you are unable to sit quietly, I will have the bailiff remove you from the Court. This is your last warning!” His Honor nodded at the DA to continue.

“Were you aware that prolonged exposure to Mr. Brewster’s farts can be debilitating to one’s health by causing upper respiratory problems?”

“Well duh … they’re FARTS.”

The judge glared as some members of the gallery snorted.

“Unlike soap bubbles which drift through the air are you aware that Mr. Brewster developed the ability to hold his bubbles in place?”

The counselor beamed. “Ain’t it great? I had to really work to show him how to use telekinesis to manipulate these bubbles. Sadly fart bubbles are the only thing he can manipulate.”

“Are you aware that Mr. Brewster used his super power to rob the First National Bank? He did this by englobing the head of each security guard inside a fart bubble. The men were incapacitated. One is still in the hospital. After taking out the guards Mr. Brewster then threatened to do the same to all of the tellers unless they emptied their tills without sounding an alarm.”

“Waddaya want me to say? Did I know that Mr. Brewster was going to use his super power to commit a crime? I surely did. In fact, I was the one who suggested that he rob the First National Bank.”

The audience gasped.

“So you admit that you were an accessory to Mr. Brewster’s heinous crime?”

“There you ago again with your fancy words. ‘Heinous crimes indeed,’ In answer to your question, I’d have to say yep.” George leaned back in his seat and folded his arms across his chest. “Joe is one of my many success stories. So is Jim Degriz.”

“Jim Degriz?”

“You probably know him as Slippery Jim. His super power was the ability to create a tiny patch of grease wherever he wanted. I taught him to project this grease under the feet of security guards as they were carrying bags of money to their armored truck. The men would slip and fall, stunning themselves long enough for old Jimmy to make off with the cash.”

“There’s also Bobby Dupris. His power was the ability to morph the finger nail on his index finger into any shape he wanted. I taught him how to use this ability to pick locks. It was good old Billy Bob who stole that Rembrandt from the city museum last month. He also knocked off the jewelry shop on South First Avenue. “

The judge leaned forward over his bench. “Mr. Darcy?”

George’s public defender quickly stood up. “Your Honor?”

“At the risk of sounding condescending, are you aware that your client is incriminating himself?”

“I am your Honor.”

“Were you planning on speaking to your client about this?”

“Not at this time, your Honor.”

“I don’t believe I’ve had the pleasure of your presence in my court before.”

Mr. Darcy awkwardly shifted from one foot to another. In his outdated worn corduroy suit, he looked like a stereotypic nerd. “I’m new your Honor. I just passed the Bar last week.”

“What a surprise … and where did you attend law school?”

“Appalachian University your Honor.”

The judge frowned. “Appalachian? You will excuse me for making this observation, but didn’t the ABA rate Appalachian as one of the worst law schools in the country?”

“It’s number one, your Honor.”

“I believe that distinction goes to Yale.”

“That would depend upon your perspective your Honor.” Mr. Darcy carefully straightened his tie. “Appalachian is rated dead last which means it’s #1 for the top five worst law schools in the country.”

The judge sighed before closing his eyes and pinching the bridge of his nose. “Mr. Darcy, were you planning on saying anything in your client’s defense?”

“Absolutely your Honor. Should I say something now?”

The district attorney grinned. “The prosecution rests your Honor.”

“Very well then Mr. Darcy. Present your defense.”

Mr. Darcy pulled a single page from his briefcase and approached the witness stand. He handed the paper to the counselor. “Mr. Jones, do you recognize this paper?” The public defender handed the defendant the page.

“Sure do!”

“And what is this paper?”

“It’s the mission statement for San Diego’s Office of Empowerment.”

“Could you read the highlighted section?

George peered at the page. “It says, ‘The mission of the Office of Empowerment for the City of San Diego is to advise our clients on how to use the bad ones effectively.”

“And what did you take this to mean Mr. Jones?”

“Why that’s easy. I’ve been tasked with creating super villains.”

“OBJECTION!” The district attorney shot to his feet. “That’s not what the mission statement means.”

The public defender smiled. “The Office of Empowerment's mission statement is so vaguely worded that it’s open to multiple interpretations. I must therefore ask the jury to find my client not guilty on the grounds that Mr. Jones was told by the city to break the law."

“I object on multiple grounds!” shouted the district attorney. “First, there is no jury. This is a bench trial and second, the counsel is making this trial into a mockery.”

“Over ruled,” replied the judge. “The mockery began with this poorly worded mission statement. Who wrote it?”

“That would have been Mayor Carver,” sighed George.

The DA’s eyes bulged. “Mad Dog Carver? The same mayor who appointed his cat to the position of superintendent of schools? The same mayor who wanted to build a highway to the moon using recycled plastic soda bottles and q-tips? THAT Mayor Carver?”

“Do you know of any other former mayors named Carver who were also stark raving bonkers?” asked the judge. His Honor banged his gavel. “Court finds the defendant not guilty on all charges! Is there anything else the Court could do for you Mr. Darcy?”

“Do you validate parking?”