"But Sir, only one person knows how to summon Cthulhu. And I dont think he's gonna tell us beca-"

"Private, do I look like someone who's new to this game? We have ways of making people talk"

"With all due respect General, what I'm trying to say is our only potential summoner, Lovecraft himself, died over, well, over 8 decades ago!"

"Private, if you had even a lick of sense in you, you'd shut your yapper before you insult my intelligence even more. Of course he's dead, but that doesn't mean we dont have ways of making him talk."

"Well... what's the plan then?"

"Well, you see, private, Lovecraft was this thing you call an author! And he wrote these magical little things called books! Which we, using our eyes, can read!"

"Sir, I know what books are."

"Then why in the hell are you asking what the plan is? We just gotta read his damn books, for Pete's sake"

"But Sir, didn't Lovecraft write, you know, fiction? As in not real stuff?"

"Riddle me this one, you brain dead sack of shit. If Cthulhu is real, and aliens are real, then why the hell would you expect a book, of all things, not to be real"

"... Ill get reading, sir"

"Oh, so you *can* read? I guess you're not as dumb as I thought."

"Thank you, sir."

"Shut up and read"

-2 hours later-

"Sir, I think I found it!"

"Really? Let me see... You numbskull, this is how to summon Cthugha. How in Noden's name did you mix those names up? Cthugha obviously isnt even real!"

"Sorry sir."

"Dont apologize to me. Apologize to the millions who have already died thanks to you're ineptitude"

"Sorry millions of people who already died thanks to my ineptitude"

"Oh yeah that's real funny. Now hurry up and find out how to someone the correct great old one"

"Ok sir."

-35 minutes later-

"Ok sir, I found it for real this time"

"Alright, well read it out to me"

"It says we need a virgin who's pure of heart, some of those water absorbing beads they put in packages to keep the contents dry, -"

"Oh, so thats what those are for. I has no idea"

"Me neither sir. Pretty cool, huh?"

"No, not really. Continue reading"

"Alright, well next it says we need to fill the virgin's stomach with the beads, and then set her on fire, and dance in circles around her shouting "Lovecraft rules, Tolkien drools" until the virgin succumbs to her burns"

"Well that's pretty fucked up"

"I know! Are we really gonna burn some lady alive??"

"Oh well I was referring to the part about about saying Lovecraft is better than tolkien. But yeah I guess burning people alive sucks too"

"Sir..."

"I'm kidding! Ok well not really but still. We have to go through with this, that god forsaken creature is our only chance for salvation"

"Are you serious? Oh whatever, ill go pull all the packets of absorpy beads from the MRIs in the back, ill let you handle the murder of an innocent woman part yourself"

"Alright sounds fair to me. Hurry up with those beads though. My daughter is on her way down here already so ive already got my part covered pretty much"

"Sir, you can't sacrifice your own daughter!"

"This aint your choice. I dont tell you how to *raze* your kids, do I? Haha I crack myself up. Besides, she's only 16, its not like she can add anything valuable to the discussion of defending the earth"

"Sir, I have lost all respect for you."

"Well I never had any for you so I guess that makes is even. Chop Chop on those beads"

-5 minutes later-

"Hey honey, if you'll just lay down here on the table, ive just gotta put you under real quick so I can stick this tracker in you, you know, just in case you get abducted or something"

"Alright dad, just make it quick. I've got a date with Brad in a few hours. We're gonna sit on a hill and watch the world burn together before our imminent demise"

"I told you I didnt like you going out with that boy! Well whatever, just hold this over your mouth and count backwards from 100"

"Fine"

-8 seconds later-

"Alright private, get up here now. Shes out for the count, and we need to get to filling her up with those fucking beads"

"Alright, you monster. But youre gonna do all of the stuffing of beads and the setting on fire stuff. I want no part of this"

"Suit yourself"

-15 minutes of bead stuffing and gasoline pouring later-

"alright, well here goes nothing. Hand me that box of matches, and get your dancing shoes on"

-A match is struck, and the general's daughter lights up immediately. The general and the private lock hands and begin the routine of dancing and shouting. 5 minutes later-

"Uh, sir, I think she would've died by now. I dont see any Cthulhus around"

"Damnit, I knew my daughter was a slut!"

"Uh sir, whats that supposed to mean?"

"Dont worry about it private"

"Uh, okay..."

"Have you ever been with a woman, private?"

"No sir, I have not. Why do you ask?

"Oh, nothing. I was just wondering, you know, since it seems as if there not gonna be any restitution for us. Just wanting to know you better before the end, is all. Could you bring me that fire extinguisher off the wall?"

"Uhh, sure thing, Cap'n"

"Alrighty. Thank you"

-A few seconds of silence pass by, followed by a loud bang, as the general slams the fire extinguisher into the privates forehead, rendering him unconscious-

"Oops. Well I guess now I have a virgin for the ritual. How convenient."

-The general repeats the earlier steps with the unconscious private, fire, dance and all. Suddenly, the ground shakes beneath him, and Cthulhu rises from the ground. Presumably his aquatic prison was not actually under this bunker, but we'll pretend like that doesnt matter for now-

"Oh great Cthulhu, I have summoned you to fight on the behalf of all humanity, so that we may live to worship you another day"

"What? Me? Uh, I dont really do the whole "I'm powerful rawr fear me" thing anymore. It was really just a phase, you know? I'm actually an accountant now for one of the best financial firms in my realm. I also work as a volunteer sheriff deputy on the weekends now. So Yeah, I won't be doing any fighting anytime soon. Sorry about your planet though. See you around! Maybe."

"Oh, uh well thank you for your service, I guess. I release you from this realm or whatever"

"Thank you kindly! Oh, and if you ever need an account, well I suppose you have my number. Ha-hah! B-bye now!"
