Jarvis woke to the sound of sirens. 

The consistent wail had become familiar to him, living in this city. Every few months or so he would return home to his parents house in the suburbs and marvel at the silence that surrounded him when he was there. 

The drone had become a constant for him. A sort of noise-blanket that was weirdly comforting. He had come to that conclusion one morning on his walk to work. 

As he struggled to open his eyes, he remembered that day. He thought of his job and his life and how little he had accomplished.

"Jesus, Jarvis. You're 31 and still working at this dead-end job?"

Jarvis worked for a tech company located in one of the cities skyscrapers. Initially when he was hired, he expected to use his new position as a jumping off point for his career. Excited, he had phoned his parents right away to relay the good news. They had been so proud. Six years and two meager raises later, his position had devolved into the workplace equivalent of unplugging and re-plugging the wireless router.

"Pathetic", he muttered.

He thought that was kind of harsh self-talk, even for him. He slowly got out of bed when a strange thought popped into his head. If he was so used to sirens, why did they wake him? He struggled with this for a moment before jolting up and flipping open his laptop.

The sound of sirens didn't wake him, the sound of *multiple* sirens woke him.

*"The entire world is telling the honest truth, and you're all a bunch of fucking morons"*, read the first post on the front page of Reddit.

He thought that was pretty rude, but hit the up-vote anyway. His eyes scanned the page, and then widened. Everyone was telling the truth. Antivaxxers were admitting they were wrong, Flat-Earthers were flipping sides and hundreds of people were posting apologies for lying about picking up trash.

The sound of the sirens caught his attention again. He ran to the window, unlocked the latch and flung the glass open. The noise filled the small room, going from muffled to crystal clear in an instant. Even eight stories up, the sound was disturbing. People yelling, sirens wailing, and distant cracks of sound rang out that Jarvis could only assume was small arms fire.

He was so caught up in the drama that he almost missed the knocking on his door.

He made his way through the studio apartment, and peered out the small hole. A man stood there, panting, completely doubled over and out of breath. He had a man-bun and over-sized glasses. He wore plaid pants and suspenders with a belt. Jarvis opened the door.

"You're out of breath, and I dislike your haircut", Jarvis said.

Without flinching, the man looked up.

"You look depressed and overworked.", he exclaimed as he breathed heavily.

"Correct.", agreed Jarvis, "Well? What do you want then?"

"I just had to let you know.", the man said between pants of breath, "I just have to let *everyone* know."

There was a long pause as Jarvis waited for the man to catch his breath.

The man calmed down, gathered himself and looked Jarvis directly in the eye.

"I'm Vegan"




------------
EDIT: Grammar