The Planet known as S-3 was suppose to be an easy job. A starting position for the rest of the planets in the cluster. 

What a mistake that was. 

S-3 had intelligent lifeforms, with no planetary government, no FTL travel, and the "intelligent" life in question was slowly tearing its own society apart. The allied council decided to first conquer the smallest continent on the planet and invade the rest of the islands surrounding it. This area was referred to by the planet's inhabitants as "Australasia", with the main landmass in this area being a continent island nation named Australia. It should have been an easy invasion, especially conquering a space of land that had such a low population density for its size. 

20,000 allied forces landed outside the settlement with 200 ships, and began to march forward. They were not to fire on unarmed life forms, lest they be proven useful for experimentation. However, the life forms did not take kindly to our ships and weapons. Within minutes, a large force of uniformed "humans", they were called, arrived. Our troops were ordered to fire, but their weapons did nothing against the uniformed earth soldiers. The earth soldiers began to advance, firing their own small arms at the allied forces. Despite being hopelessly outnumbered, the human force of around ~40 managed to mow down around 900 of our soldiers. And things only got worse. Within half an hour, a much larger human force arrived, and that was when we realised something was terribly wrong. These Humans came with arms that could fire much more rapidly than ours, and large, mechanical beasts that blew up our ships with every shot they fired. The Humans referred to them as "Tanks", and these "Tanks", although the humans only had seven of these mechanical monsters, singlehandedly destroyed half of our ships. A full scale retreat was ordered. An hour later, with 17,347 casualties and 134 ships lost, we escaped. 

We had made a terrible error that day. The Humans were not as advanced as a society, but they were far more superior in weapons. The Continent we attacked was no part of a centralised government, but part of something called the Royal British Empire, which spanned almost the entire planet. After they captured our ships, it only took one orbit cycle for them to attack our settlements on J-46, and half of one to conquer settlements that had taken a decade of cycles to conquer. They even destroyed entire military bases in one fell blow using nuclear reactions on an atomic scale. We had no idea such a powerful blast was even possible.

We felt nothing but shame when we learned that the capital of this empire was a tiny island off the coast of "Europe". Our elders accused and berated each other for not suggesting we attack a smaller target. Some said that if we'd done that, there'd be 20,000 dead, not 17,000. But I digress.

Now we are about to witness the true power of this Empire. Our sensors detected them a few hours ago homing in on our capital. How they found it so quickly, we do not know. Hopefully, they will accept peace. If they do not, then we only have ourselves to blame. 

S-3, or "Earth", was supposed to be easy. 

Boy were we wrong.