It was hard to look away, from the way she tucks her hair behind her head, and recrosses her legs, she's beautiful. She glances out the window with a soft frown, and glances down at her steaming coffee. I notice how her glasses fog up when she takes a sip.

I'm hardly reading my book, not that I expected to. Books dont do it for me like they used to. She's not reading either, not checking her phone or using a laptop. I hope she's not getting stood up. I can't imagine what kind of person would do that to her.

I almost consider getting up and sitting across from her. But a siren sounds outside and an ambulance passes by the coffee shop. She smiles, and walks out, leaving her coffee behind.

When I glance back down at my book, the pages seem even more empty than before. Regret sinks into my stomach, as I think about what could have happened if I'd gotten up. 

I've barely started the book, don't care about the characters, but it was my new years resolution to get back into books, so I was back at the coffee shop again the next week.

I ordered my coffee and started scoping out a place to sit, and she was sitting at the window again. She looked tired.

I balled up my courage, and it was weird, how when I approached she seemed to age, but I'd gotten this far, and sat down. She looked up at me, and there was a twinkle in her eyes, and she smiled.

"Hello, there." 
"Hi."

She looked at me with a curious smile on her face.

"What brings you here?"
"You caught my eye, I saw you last week, and..." I trailed off, wondering if it'd be rude to tell her she looked sad.
"I don't get approached much."
"Why's that?"

Her face darkened, and she looked at her hands, folded on the table.

"I have a hard job, and it- it affects the way that people look at me, how they see me. Sometimes, people think I look inviting, and kind, but others are repulsed, terrified, even."
"Do you work in sewage? Because I don't care-"
"-No. I.. I don't deserve your kindness, Miss. I've hurt you, and you don't even know how."

I didn't know what to say, so I went quiet.

"You'd be better off leaving me alone, people who get close to me..."

It sounds like every YA novel cliche I'd ever heard. Whatever, she's probably straight anyways.

"Don't let people hurt you," She said as I got up, I glanced back at her, she looked pale. My book seemed much more enticing now.