It's all a plot. A damned ploy. They told me I was special, just like they told H-143, to make him feel better about his situation. He was a new line of robot back when I we got him for my fifth birthday, and he even looks a lot like me! We've known each other for so long that he feels like a good friend, almost to the point of being a brother. We told him he was special so that he wouldn't feel like less of a person. I now know that they told me the same things. Now I know it was all a lie. It's all a part of their scheme to make us do what they say. I was always the obedient child, lapping at the heels of my "parents" like a loyal shepherd dog. It always felt good to do what they told me to do. I felt like I was being rewarded for doing the right thing, but I never understood how I received that reward. It just felt right to obey them.

H-143, or Harry, as we call him now, is my best friend, and he's always been there for me. We were just goofing around one night, as all teenage boys do when they're home alone. We had recently taken up the hobby of skateboarding, and we would always skate in our front yard drive way, as the road was all dirt. Nothing like getting some dirt in your bearings to ruin your day! We had this ridiculous little ramp, maybe a foot or two high, that made us feel like professional daredevils when we made a successful jump. Hour after hour we hung out doing what we thought were death-defying jumps, sometimes over a broken bottle to add a little danger into the mix. DANGER! DANGER! That's all we cared about. 

On one of the jumps we came up with the brilliant idea to try skating up the ramp side by side. We both started at the back of the driveway, looking out towards the dusty road that in our imaginations had become not unlike a crowd of cheering fans. "On three!" I shouted. "One!", "Two!", "Three!". As we rushed towards the ramp, holding our hands and pushing for more speed, Harry chickened out and let go at the last second, making a dive for the driveway. I kept going, destined for greatness! I felt on top of the world, unstoppable, one with the heavens and earth --- until I looked down. I realized that Harry had not taken his board with him, and it was now curving its way into mine. 

I tumbled right as I reached the ramp, head over heals until I finally landed with a sharp crack and the tinkling of shattered glass. *"Something has to be broken"*, I told myself. I opened my eyes and glanced over at Harry. He looked like he hadn't fared much better than I did. His act of *chickenry* had sent him into the rose bushes that line our driveway, an area that we distinctly try to avoid because of the sharp thorns therein. He had just stumbled out of them, grasping his head, knee, and a multitude of other areas that he didn't have the hands for. As I lifted my self off of the ground, I noticed something odd about Harry. He was bleeding. BLEEDING. He's a robot and he's bleeding. The moment I asked him about it he looked shocked, or at least even more shocked than from the injuries he had just received. He told me that it must be some type of hydraulic fluid or something, and told me he was going inside. 

I was feeling better by then, and went to go pick up my board from where it had kept rolling after disengaging from Harry's. The dirt road off course! Making my way back to the house, I thoroughly checked my board for scratches and dings. It was a new present from Harry for my last birthday earlier this month, and I wanted it keep it in good shape for as long as I could. Walking towards my front door, I noticed a wire sticking out of the front right wheel. Wait, it's not sticking out of the wheel, its coming from somewhere else... From me... From my arm... From the huge gaping tear that had exposed a mesh of wiring, mechanical muscles, and sensors. I threw down the board, screaming as I held my hand, knowing that this had to be some kind of terrible nightmare. 

There must be something wrong! I must have fallen on something that got stuck in my arm! What the hell is happening! I thought these to myself over the roar of my panicked lamentations. Harry sprinted out of the house, fueled by the rush of adrenaline that my screams had provided. He stood there gaping at my arm, until he raised the small brick in his left hand up to my face. "Harvey!" he yelled at me, tears streaming from his face. "I'm sorry that this has to happen again!". "I swore it would be the last time, that I would be more careful, but I guess I was wrong!". I stared at him, still whimpering and clutching my arm, trying to make sense of what he was saying. "What are you talking about?!" I demanded. "Listen to me Harvey", explained Harry, "We're going to get you fixed up again!". The look of incredulous disbelief I must have been displaying gave Harry all the conviction he needed to follow through with his plans. He brought the remote closer to my head and pressed the bright green button. 

&#x200B;

\- Let me know if you want to see part two!