*Sigh* 

Begrudgingly, I continue on with my usual spiel. He stares back into the void under the hood where my face is supposed to be. Its annoying but i have to look like my brother for some familiarity when they see me. These damn mortals and their attention span. Ugh.

"Me and my work receive no glory from you, I am not in your art, your songs , your literature. I am not as discussed much less debated as my brother is, but I do understand why. Why there is no flowers, no candles , no eulogies for my work, and I think its most unfortunate for you, and your people, that there never will be."

*sigh* He's been calm and silent so far but this is where they all get emotional. They ALL do. Brother gets all the fun. 

" People of your kind always contemplate if there is life after Death. Well, you've seen that  for yourself and now it is time for -"

A pulse. I hear a fucking pulse. Why would I hear a pulse? Does he have a pulse? Why in the world would he STILL have a pulse?

*cough cough* " mortal , answer me, is that your pulse I hear?" I ask.

" Oh yes, sorry about that, its quite quiet in this here cave, innit? Sometimes i can here myself think! But don't let that distract you now though. Go on, out with it then?" He replied. I'm fucking dumstruck, he goes on staring at me intently, now smiling like a lunatic"

"Very well. Now its time for -" wait. This doesnt make any sense. If he has a pulse, that means he's alive. If he's alive, that means brother wasn't here yet. And if he wasn't here yet, IM not supposed to be here yet.

"Time for what ,mate?" He insterted, still smiling like a lunatic.

"Time for... time for... Are... are you alive?" I couldnt help it anymore, i had to ask the man. 

" ya know what, I really don't know. What's that even mean? Alive? My hearts still beating and my ass is still poopin' but other than that i've been in this here cave for so long i dont even know what being alive feels like. You look like you have some answers, you tell me?" He said. His inquiry was genuine, and i wanted to answer but honestly i was stumped as well. I had never met someone who was alive, neither have I had a life myself so i was at a loss with this dude. Nonetheless I had a job to do.  

" Ok, I will level with you, mortal. I don't know what alive means to you and your people, but to me, it's a person who has the gift of Life. And you apparently still have it. Now, explain to me why are you alive and what have you been doing 'in this here cave'?" This the first time i've had a conversation with anyone but my brother and boy does this shit feel weird!

"Well, lemme see, when I was a young boy, my whole village got bombed into smitherins, there was no one and no nuthing left save for this here book on I had from school. It shows a guy who went to the mountains , found enlightenment, and got the answers to life and the universe... i reckon since i had nowhere to go, and no one to come back to, i might as well look for enlightenment myself in this here cave. I guess today enlightenment finally found me." His smile grew larger, and his gaze still fixed intently at me. "Could you enlighten me, Mr. Death"

" I'm not Death , stop that shit." i snapped. It strikes a nerve every Goddamn time.

" oh my, well i'm sorry bout that, didnt mean to get you all strung up. You sure look like him though, you must get that a lot. And you seem to know more about this enlightenment stuff than he does. Would you be kind enough to... enlighten me?"

"Hold up, Death's been here?"

" A couple times, he just comes and goes though. I try to ask him for enlightenmne but he always just goes. Always complaining about wars and ebola and other stuff. He keeps askin' for my life , but i always say i need to get enlightenment first." He disclosed

Wow, I knew that fucker didnt always get it right. But damn, this one's a weird one. 

He continued " look here mister, ive been down here for longer than I can remember so i don't care much if my time's up or not. I just care for getting my answers, what is Life? What is Death? Who are you? "

I take a long pause and I look at the man. Long beard, skin and bones, bearly clothed with made up leather from whatever he could get hands on. On all accounts, he should be filled with despair and loneliness , yet he's still staring at me. Right now. Smiling like a lunatic.

I finally concede " look all i wanted was to do my job and get on with the others, but you're a little weird, so I'll let you on about things. At least until my brother gets here." 

"Life is a gift given to you by Father. When you have life, you exist, and your existence mingles and affects other existences. He wants you to have it so you can take care of it and make it flourish so it tastes better when you give it back to him. When its time to give it back, that's where my brother comes in. He reaps the life away from you. You call him Death. When he's done, you stop existing, but you don't stop being. It gets tricky, but what's left to you, what you become is a sensation. The sensation of what you're Life brought to other lives. The memories you left behind. You just feel. For some it feels like a gentle breeze but for others it feels like a burning oven. It depends on how you made others feel. I guess thats what your people get heaven and hell from. Theyre not different places though, just different feelings at different intensities. And it lasts, your Being lasts as long as a life has a memory of your Life. Some takes longer than others, but almost everyone stops at some point."

I pause for dramatic effect. The man seems genuinely joyful for everything he's hearing. Or I don't know, he's just still smiling at me like a lunatic.

*Sigh*

"That is where I come in. When all the memories of a Life disappears, all its connections lost, it is I that comes to reap.
I stop you from being and bring you back to Father. I stop you. You people call me End."

*pause*

"And?" He asks me.

" And what?" I ask back.

" Isnt there any more?" He asks more.

"Thats just it, there isn't." I reply. I guess i'm just as confused as he is at this point. Better not let him know that though.

"I am here, for you, because apparently all memories of you is now lost, all your Life's connection to other lives is gone. But you aren't  though." I explain. Honestly, its the best i can do right now.

"Well aint that something innit? Huh , go figure." He gets a blank stare for a second. And yep, nope, back to smiling like a lunatic.

" yeah well, I can't end you like this can I? You can't be just a feeling with you having a body. I guess i'll just bring you back to Father as is, i finally get to say brother screwed up something." I probably would havr smiled if i didn't have a hooded void for a face.

"That wont be necessary" a voice bellows from 
behind me.

"Hey marv." Says Death.

" Oh hey there Death, well I've just been enlightened now, i guess we can go now?" He greets Death like an old friend.

" No need for that marv, but i'm kickin you outta this cave since you're enlightened and all. Pack your things, if you have things, and make your way down."

Marv, still smiling like a lunatic, begins to pack some of his raggedy made up clothes , water stored in Father knows what, and some cured meat for food.

" Hey End. Thanks for enlightening me and stuff, I hope you feel better with the others , your job sounds awful."

*sigh*

" it is awful , Marv. Thanks. Would you just get out of here?"

Still smiling lunatic, he made his way out of the cave, and down the mountain. I turn to my brother.

" What the fuck was that?" I asked.

" I really don't know, i've been trying to get him for ages, but Father said it may be better just to let him talk to you and just let him go. His life   has tasty potential. Maybe not Jesus potential, but definitely at least Bob Marley or Tupac potential." 

"Well, if Father says so. Well, i guess we gotta go back to work" i say to my brother. He agrees, and we get ready to go. Just then , Marv peeks back into the cave.

" Hey, i'll see you guys later"

"Yes you will, Marv."





