The roads were silent as Max hastily strode towards the traffic lights. He looked wistfully at the empty road. Any other day the streets of Manhattan would be filled with cars, pedestrians streaming between them. Not today. They called it the Egrup, a way of weeding out the people with no self control. Drones skimmed the sky searching for any sign of deviation from the law. Offenders would be executed on sight.

Max had been stupid, he should have stocked up on food the day before, now he was risking life and limb to go get some victuals. He walked in, when suddenly, he became horrifically aware of the buzzing noise behind him. 'It's just watching' he told himself, although he was already shaking.

Behind the counter was a pimply Caucasian with crazy hair sticking out in all directions. Typical daredevil, here for the quadruple pay. He ordered some fries, a pizza and a coke. Max walked backwards and took a seat, the round hemisphere on the underside of the drone probably watching his every move.

A minute later his fries and pizza arrived. "Sorry," the daredevil said in an incredibly American accent, "we're out of coke, will pepsi be ok?" Max was about to say no, when suddenly the drone began speaking. "Violation of American Consumer Law, customer payed for a coke"

The boy visibly stiffened, "The trucks didn't come this morning," he whimpered, "we don't have any coke."

"Then you will be deleted."

CRACK!

The boy spasmed and collapsed onto the counter, colorful hair mixing with the blood oozing out of his nose. Max watched this in abject horror. A whirring noise emanated from the drone and Max knew it was looking at him.

"Is that pineapple" the thing asked, resurrecting his childhood fear of Daleks. Max dropped the chip he was holding, into the sauce. "Did you just double dip(insert interrobang here)" Max swore and flipped the table. The drone careened to a wall, not expecting to be hit by a pineapple pizza. Max leaped on the drone while it was disoriented and slammed it into the ground. Great, he thought looking at the remains of his meal with added drone, now every flying murder machine within ten miles was hot on his tail.