We stood shoulder to shoulder in the lab. In front of us on a bench was a fragment of a vase or jug, sat upon a contraption that looked vaguely like what I would imagine a record player and gramophone would look like if imagined by someone who loved lasers, but had never actually seen either.
The room was filled to bursting by a pervasive, anxious silence, my chest was tight, and I could hear my heart in my ears.
We were about to conduct the first real experiment on this technology. Initial testing had revealed that this machine could detect miniscule traces of sound vibrations left behind in pottery from the creation process. So far, it had only been tested on pottery created in the lab specifically for the purpose. During the making of samples, a loud sound would be played at various intervals, and the preliminary tests had revealed that during a certain window, the clay used was at the perfect texture for several crashes to be heard when played back via this machine. This would be the first time it had been attempted on a real, historical sample.

Opposite us, a nervous crowd of researchers and assistants stood, watching, from behind a screen of thick acrylic. Microphones and speakers transmitted audio from us to them. It was absolutely imperative that neither myself nor my colleague make a sound.
She looked at me, and gave a look that was neither a question nor permission, but both combined. Tentatively, I reached for the silenced rubber button on the base of the machine, carefully so as not to create so much as a rustle from my sleeve.
We both took a synchronized, protracted breath in, then out, and I pressed the button.

After a few uneasy moments of faint electrical hum, strange sound filled the room, a static that seemed to fluctuate rapidly. I mentally noted that this may be the sound from inside a kiln. After a very long minute of trying very hard not to audibly breathe, a voice could be heard. It was grainy, and I couldn't understand the slightest bit of what was being said. I am not a linguist, but it was unlike anything I had ever heard before. The silence in the room before had been replaced by the bustle of ancient Rome. The clanking of ceramics, two voices, one much clearer than the other. I couldn't imagine a face to accompany either of them, I couldn't tell if these voices, cutting through the annals of time belonged to men, women, or adolescents, however, there was an excitement to be heard in them. Some things transcend language. I became aware that I had been holding my breath for quite some time, as the sounds became more muffled, and eventually faded out completely to a monotonous warble.

Nobody spoke. I stared at my colleague in wide eyed disbelief, before she finally cut through the vacuum of sound with a breathy "Holy..."
A cheer erupted from the adjacent room, loud enough to penetrate the thick barrier that separated us. The others were embracing each other, applauding, and more than one had tears in their eyes.

Some time had passed. We had endured several meetings and submitted our written accounts as well as the audio and video recordings from inside our lab that fateful day. I had been losing sleep waiting for the university's linguists from the history department to translate what we had heard with our own ears for the first time in centuries. I knew with every fibre of my being that we had made history.

The last email update I received stated that it was in fact a standard dialect from the time, but due to the nature of our technology, it needed to be played backwards to be understood, which accounted for the sound we heard at the very beginning. We were told it wouldn't take long to get a translation. I had noticed in my bathroom that Saturday morning that I had spouted two new grey hairs at my temple. I had a private laugh to myself when I saw them. The week had taken a toll on me. Others had remarked that I was full of nervous energy, jumping at the sound of my phone, and their phones, and just about everything else. I sat at my dining table with my coffee sat on top of some papers that had slowly piled up and progressively taken up more table real estate as the week had gone on. I told myself answers would come soon, and it was very imp-
A notification tone on my phone cut me off.
I grabbed it from the table and before my mind had caught up, I was staring at an email. Subject line: Results
They hadn't even included what the results were for in the subject line. I wasn't the only one too excited for my own good.

There was a full report attached, including my account and the accounts of all others present which, by the time you read this should be published and publicly available, but the head of the project had included in the email a transcript of the recording itself.

VOICE 1: "-knows it now, all of us. Fulvia can't keep a secret. She told [?] sister that Maxentius had turned away from his bride on their wedding night. It came about that before he was set to marry her, he had spent much time in the bed of Julius."
VOICE 2: "They were close they shared quarters during-"

I read, and re-read the transcript several times, with wide eyes that watered once I regained enough presence of mind to blink them. I hunched over my table reading intently, making sure I was interpreting it correctly.
"Oh my god, they were roommates."