Warlord Grishnakh stared out over the massed orc armies and snarled his satisfaction at their massed ranks.

It had been a full thousand years since orcs had been driven from the west, on the terrible day when the great red eye had been cast down and Mordor destroyed. No doubt humans had thought that the forces of darkness had been utterly destroyed. But darkness always endured.  In the far eastern places of the world, the scattered remnants of orcdom had gradually rebuilt, forming first small tribes and then great sprawling confederacies. Lacking their old leaders, they had taught themselves their own dark sorcery, forged weapons, enslaved beasts and bit by bit, far from the prying eyes  of Gondor they had rebuilt, until today-

-Grishnakh looked out across the plain. Two hundred thousand orcs stood before him, stretched to the horizon black armoured, with pikes in martial array. Great beasts, cave trolls and tusked horrors howled and roared their defiance. Clouds of bats wheeled overhead, and dark masked figures on wolfback, gibbered and cackled their spells-

"Today the age of humans is over! The age of the orc has begun!" The roar which greeted Grishnakh's words echoed far into the sky, and as one the horde began its long march into the lands of men.

*** 

The lieutenant silently scanned the horizon looking for movement. It was creepy out here in the badlands and the weather didn't help. Dirty orange and purple clouds blotted out the sun and made the ancient rubble cast long shadows on the desolate landscape.  The small size of his patrol didn't help much either, he had been sent out this way with a small squad- just four Rangers- on a routine patrol, following up on reports of a large herd  of wild animals on the move in the badlands.

"Ranger leader, there's quite a bit of noise coming from over that ridge." That was Imrahil, his second in command. Time to act.

"Ok, check it out. Spread out, one furlong separation, Ranger four on point, ready longbows, move out." The four Rangers disappeared into the gloom.

"Coming up on the ridge now- what?!" For a second the lieutenant froze in amazement, as the squad halted at the top of the ridge. The four Rangers stood motionless. In front of them, spread across the plain, the great mass of the horde moved towards them. "Orcs?!"

Grishnakh stopped in amazement as he saw the figures on the ridge. This was how the humans chose to challenge the might of the horde?!
"Form ranks maggots, archers to the back, pikes to the front!" "Advance"

"Orcs?!" The Lieutenant blinked just to ensure he wasn't hallucinating. No orc had been seen in Gondorohan in more than 150  years since 'bessy', the last occupant of the Minas Ithil zoo had died. And here in front of him, advancing on his patrol, there were plainly tens of thousands, looking like one of the ancient battlefield paintings come to life. The Lieutenant shrugged, like every member of the Gondorohan armed forces he knew the protocol for encounters with so called 'servant of sauron' creatures.

"Patrol, ready loudspeakers"

The voices of the four Rangers rang out across the plane." "CREATURES OF DARKNESS! LAY DOWN YOUR WEAPONS! DEPART THE LAND OF THE KING. LAY DOWN YOUR WEAPONS AND DEPART! WE WILL TAKE NO HOSTILE ACTION IF YOU DEPART!"

Grishnakh laughed as the unintelligible human sounds rolled across the plane. "They beg for mercy! Attack! Attack!" A cloud of orc arrows arced across the plain towards the four Rangers 
darkening the sky. 

"Ranger leader, they're, um, firing on us? With arrows."
"Arrows?!" 
"Like actual bits of wood with metal on the end of them."

The lieutenant looked out the  window from the command seat of his Shadowfax Class Ranger Mech. Sure enough there was a light pattering noise as the orc arrows clattered against the  mithril alloy surface.

"They're still advancing sir."

The Lieutenant shrugged in amazement. "Return fire I guess. longbows, maximum dispersion." There was a woosh and a surge of heat as 60 pods of Moria Industries Longbow antipersonnel missiles streaked away from the back of each Ranger Mech. "Move and fire, maintain distance."

Great orange clouds of flame ignited the advancing line and thousands of orcs died screaming their insides ripped out of them in hyperbaric explosion. And still the horde advanced. "Ranger 2, Ranger 3 fire at will" More missiles arced away, a row of armoured cavertrolls exploded into a mass of black giblets under a blast of Gamgee-10 autocannon fjre. Evenstar rotary pulse lasers danced across the ground leaving blackened orc corpses wherever they touched, And still the horde advanced.

Grishnakh fought his way from under the mass of dead and dying orcs. What dark sorcery was this? Well there was an answer for that. He grabbed a nearby shaman, gibbering in terror. "summon him!" "!! It can't ..!" Grishnakh didn't wait for the shaman to finish. He ripped his breastplate off and thrust the sacrificial dagger into his hand. "Summon HIM!" The shaman began to chant in the black tongue even as his dagger flashed down, disemboweling Grishnakh. 

There was a low howl across the battlefield and the sky reddened. Where the corpse of Grishnakh lay shadows lengthened and amidst a great whirling vortex of darkness, a sound of drums could be heard.

"Drums." Ranger 3's pilot said, almost dreamily. "Drums in the deep."

From the darkness a great figure emerged wreathed in shadow and fire, the horde cowered away from it as if terrified. The Ranger patrol looked on in horror as the fiery figure lept towards them, a whip of flame at the ready."

"Ai! Ai! A Balrog has come!"
"...say again Ranger 3"
".. I'm pretty sure it's a balrog, Ranger Leader." 
"Acknowledged Ranger 3."

The great evil creature brandished its dark sword, towering over the horde and reaching almost as high as the nearby Ranger mech's armoured kneecap.
"What IS that thing."
"Not too sure. Damage report ranger 3." There was a loud ringing noise.
"Heh, it hit me with its sword."
"Damage report."
"Um, I'll call it 0.003% loss of structural integrity on right calf mithril composite armour." (Further loud ringing noise) "0.006% now." (Pause) "hang on I think that was his sword breaking." (Pause) "um, it's climbed up and is staring through the cockpit glass. Looks pretty scary up that close." 
"Roger that."
"Fly! you fools!"
"Say again ranger 3."
"That was a joke ranger leader."
"Not funny. Light him up." There was a dull thudding sound as the Narsil Shards CIWS defence system discharged, blasting the balrog into a million pieces. 

The Lieutenant made a mental note to refer Ranger 3s pilot for psychological evaluation and turned his attention back to decimating what was left of the horde. 

It didn't take long.






  