Clouds rumble and roll over a decrepit country house. This house is surrounded by mist. The cold air creeps into the empty attic. The air is stagnant and smells of rot. The dust encrusted window is boarded up not letting any natural light to enter the room. All four corners are filled with darkness whilst a small patch in the centre of the room is illuminated by the light coming from the lone flickering red candle. Scribbles and signs mark every wall. An eerily quiet and lifeless scene. Through the mouldy floor boards, the sound of giggling children permeates. The two children were running and screaming on the second floor of the house. They stopped and looked up when they suddenly heard creaking of the loft door. A teenage boy of college age came down. The two small children huddled together and didn't move. Cold icy eyes landed on their small little heads. 
"If we stand still he won't know we're here" one of them whispered. 
The older boy clicked his tongue as he used the railing to guide himself to the ground floor. As soon as he was out of sight, the two children resumed their play. The boy had planned to go to the living room to listen to the radio when he heard his father talking to someone. 
"tragic, tragic" the father said in a low voice. The boy entered the room.
"Ah come come. This is an officer taking care of our small town. He just came to see how we were doing since we're out here on the outskirts of town" the father excitedly introduced the visitor to his son. The father always treated his oldest son with extra care, which suffocated the boy.
"I'll go check how the missus is doing in the kitchen" he said as he left the room leaving the boy and the office alone.

The man turned to face the younger man sitting opposite.
"Tell me of your grandmother" he said imperatively.
The boy twitched a little surprise. He quickly regained his composure and replied in a slow unrushed tone.
"My grandmother? She died four years ago..." The man opposite nodded and added
"A very peculiar case. Of course you must have been sad after all it was you grandmother." His eyes seemed to be searching for something in the boy's reaction. He then continued to ask leading questions: "But how could she just drop dead? Tell me boy what do you think happened?" 
"She was obviously old."
"No no" he said shaking his head. "I don't think old age disembowels people otherwise we would all be fearing for the worst" he chuckled coldly.
"How gruesome" the boy said.
"That's right." looking more serious he said. "Obviously I cannot share other details but ever since your grandma died similar cases have been cropping up around town and your house seems to be at the centre of everything. Any thoughts?"
"I wouldn't know."
"You haven't witnessed anything at all?" the man pressed.
"As you can see, I'm completely blind. I have not heard of anything that can be of help either."
"Aren't you afraid the culprit may show up at your door?"
Without fear and surprising confidence the teenage boy said "When the time comes, sir"
