Tom was walking through the dark streets, passing by streetlights, occasionally seeing a car, most of which were violating the speed limit. Low police activity after midnight was convenient for people who liked to speed a lot, but they were even more convenient for other kinds of rotten apples...

A man came walking out of an alley and blocked Tom's path. "Hey kid, you want weed?"

Tom took a few steps back out of caution, but his botherer came closer, making it clear he wanted something. Tom turned around and walked in a fast pace, ignoring the man's manipulative questions. His luck wasn't really active today -- another man appeared from behind a red car, also blocking Tom's way. Tom turned around and the former man pressed a knife against his throat. "Give me your wallet, right now."

Tom was about to reach for the pistol in his jacket, but was distracted by a swarm of black little entities crawling over the sidewalk towards them. The thug behind him was getting impatient. "Don't make this any harder boy."

The tiny creatures made a big jump towards the man who drew the knife, which he let go of. "What the fuck!"

I backed away, the man behind me fell over while he saw his friend getting walked over by hundreds of tiny little spiders.

"Help me! Please, Richard! Aah-" The spiders entered his mouth and began to feed on the insides of his throat, choking him and dissolving his vocal chords. The spiders seemed to have an organized way of 'eating', as half of the other spiders were busy with clearing his outsides. Tom saw the victim's body shaking unnaturally, the spiders were consuming his nerves, slowely paralyzing him. I backed away more whilst his friend sat on the ground like an ice sculpture, unable to move, waiting to be the next one to 'melt'.

Tom drew a pistol to the eaten's traumatized friend's head. "Listen, this is fucked up okay. They're coming for you next, but I'm offering you a chance to-" he stopped talking after seeing that the man put all of his attention to his dead friend, still staring in the same direction with an open mouth. Tom knew that killing him with a shot was the better choice; he had seen these things happen dozens of times before and was more or less used to it, anyone who wanted to flee from his spiders would still be found and eaten alive.

The spiders were done with their first meal, and their second meal was almost offering himself up. They entered through his trousers. Tom couldn't make himself pull the trigger and put his gun back in his jacket.

The man was rolling over the ground. "No, no please! Not my penis!"

Tom ran away, there was nothing to be done by me anymore.