It was like cosmic shift the first time I saw him. Every moment moved slowly, like a dream. I had just stepped up onto the wet curb, rain showering down on my body when I heard the loud honk come from just a meter or two away. I spun around quickly and saw the man hit the pavement right in front of me and take one last ragged breath. 

He appeared out of no where and moved like a shadow over the man's body. He touched the tip of his scythe to the man's forehead. 

I could feel myself trembling but I wasn't afraid, I was entranced. He turned to me for a brief second before disappearing. 

I didn't understand how I felt but I knew I had to see him again. I had to feel time slow, feel like he and I were the only ones in the universe. I had heard that's what it feels like when you see your soul mate for the first time, but could Death really be mine? What would that say about me? I had no idea what to think but all I could think about at all was him.

I was nervous the first time. I tried to be noble about it so I chose a sick homeless woman. It was a dark alley in a quiet part of town. As I pushed the knife into her chest I closed my eyes and breathed out slowly. I opened my eyes just in time to see him materialize a few feet away. I stumbled back; the knife dripping, and stared at him. 

He touched her forehead just like last time. He turned to me for a moment and though I could only make out the outline of the eye sockets of his skull in the dim light, he seemed confused. He took one step towards me and reached an arm out slowly. It felt like an eternity, me standing there frozen, him reaching out to me. I realized I had a chance and quickly stepped out and threw my arm towards his. I felt the graze of bone on top of my hand before he disappeared completely. 

I dreamed of him that night. To me it was a sign, a sign that this was all happening for a reason. 

I began a rituatal. Every week I went out into the city at night, found a victim, chose a moment in an isolated place, and did what I needed to see him. It was the most beautiful thing. Every week I grew more confident in my skill, and every week we would grow closer.

Some times we would touch hands, sometimes he would mirror my movements, and others we would simply stand so close I could feel a slight wind around him and smell smoke and rain. Every time was so electrifying I would walk away with goose bumps covering my body. 

I had killed for Death 26 times before today. I followed the same ritual. Wore the same clothes. Carried the same weapon. I don't know if I was careless or if I subconsciously wanted to die, but either way tonight was different. 

I was walking quietly behind him as I picked up speed. In one motion I reached around and covered his mouth while I moved the knife to slice his jugular but he was faster than me. The next moment is now a blur but I ended up crumpled on the ground with my knife sticking out of my rib cage. 

Out of the corner of my eye i saw a woman approach. I heard her scream loudly before calling the police. Her voice slowly started to sound distant.

I could see the blue and red lights flashing as the ambulance approached, that woman pacing in front of me crying. 

The blood filled my lungs and made a gurgling sound as I laughed out loud. I gripped the knife and pulled it out of my chest. A buzzing noise filled my ears and could no longer hear the woman trying to tell me calming things or the sound of the siren as the ambulance stopped in front of me. 

I closed my eyes for a moment as I breathed out slowly. I opened my eyes and he was there, kneeling in front of me. I tried to reach for him but couldn't find the energy to move. 

He touched my face with the cool bones of his hand. I could feel myself crying. I wasn't afraid of dying, I was terrified that this would be the last time I would ever see Death. He removed his hood as a paramedic stepped through him like fog and laid me on my back. As the woman cut my shirt off he moved to my head. 

He touched his forehead to mine and I closed my eyes. As every sense began to fade but not before I heard him whisper, "Do not be afraid to die my love, for I am Death and I will walk with you through eternity." 