The trick to charging a punch for extended periods of time is to really go heavy on protein. You’re gonna want to adopt the nutritional habits of a serious bodybuilder for the few days leading up to the charge, and especially during. Which can be quite challenging considering you only have one hand to chug protein shakes and eat frightening amounts of nuts, meat and peanut butter all while cramming energy in your arm in a power-flex for days.  

Now, for most people, charging an attack for any longer than fifteen seconds or so is incredibly painful for two main reasons. The first reason is the sheer energy involved. Every second is about the muscular equivalent of lifting your max weight, and when you finally release it, its gonna feel like you’ve pumped big iron for hours simultaneously, if that makes any sense. Reason number two, pun intended, is what to do about all the food. Its estimated that every hour of charging consumes about 2,000 calories, so if you’re gonna embark on this adventure, you’re gonna want to shit, bad. And it’s not uncommon for lesser men to lose control of their bowels, and also their charge move in one shameful, smelly moment.  

But me? I’m a force of nature. For the past 75 hours and 37 minutes I've been standing next to my front door charging this punch, right arm, cross stance. To my left is a heaping pile of protein drinks, and I’ve noticed I have to drink one every 10 minutes to keep the energy growing properly, as well as the pain down. My right pectoral, bicep, tricep and forearm all resemble a christmas ham, both in size and texture. I am in far too much pain to even think about moving, and I am far too constipated to think about the pain. I am in my battlestation, and my moment of battle is about to happen.

I’ve known the cyber police have been tracking me down since I started charging. There are many risks associated with the life of an infamous shitposter distributing illegal memes to all corners of the european union, and they’ve certainly backtraced my IP by now. They’ll be here any minute to lock me in a gulag and throw away the key, but I am ready. 

There’s a hard knock on the door. 

“It’s the cyber police! We know you have memes in there! Open the door or we will force it open!” 

I know I can’t hold it for much longer. 

“You have ten seconds to comply! Open the door now!” 

I am in a zen of pain, willpower, and constipation. 

They begin to countdown, “Five! Four! Three!...” 

I let out a yell of uncontrollable power. 

“One! Breaking the door down now!” 

The front door comes crashing down, and my fist is launched forward. I let out a horrific scream I wasn’t aware I was capable of making, a noise of pure primal power, fear, pain and rage. The power of the punch yanks me off my feet as my fist contacts the first officer. He is liquified instantly. The officer stacked behind him hardly has time to react to the mist of pink goop of his former crewmate before I punch a hole clean through his chest. By this time, a fraction of a second after my door came down, I’d realized that every bone in my hand and wrist was completely shattered. I’d also noticed that I began to shit for the first time in days, and the power of my bowels had blasted my pants clean off, although ‘clean’ is not quite the right word to describe what was occurring in my undercarriage.  

There was not enough time to prepare officer three for a cloud of bloody pulp mixed with magma feces and a fist careening through the chest of his compatriot, and his heart, lungs and entire ribcage was destroyed instantly. The first three officers had absorbed most of the impact from the punch itself, but I continued to tumble forward uncontrollably, and the four or five agents behind them were bowled over by the kinetic ball of shit and liquid human that is myself.  

I landed ten feet outside my front door, and in the few moments it took for the remaining officers to process what had just occurred, the searing pain of having exercised my arm to superhuman extents for days shot through my arm, and it was completely immovable. Meanwhile, my bowels continued to violently evacuate. After a few moments, which seemed like an eternity, I was surrounded by armed, deeply and spiritually horrified special agents who began to attempt to wrestle me into handcuffs. Mind you, the muscles on the entire right side of my body were swollen to a cartoonish size, and I was pant-less, violently evacuating from both ends, and covered in human soup. The remaining arresting officers either ripped off their masks and openly vomited just feet away from the scene, or were forcing back vomit attempting to handle me. 

It was the best birthday party ever. 