I hadn’t long been deployed, but already I began to find myself lost in amongst my comrades. They followed instructions to the letter, asked no questions, made no comments about the day’s work. We met every morning; listen to the same brief, from the same man and being handed the same suit and the same goggles. I had joined the army after a long stint in the police force, wanted to do my bit and serve my country, but I had no idea why I was a gardener with a gun. I looked down at the googles which seemed to be the most advance bit of tech on the base, the lightweight material which made them was a feint shade of orange and odd thin tendrils of lights occasionally pulsed across each lens. I looked up at my platoon, watched them place their goggles on obediently, like drones just ready to work. With a sigh I followed suit – this is not what signed up for.

The plants we were clearing out smelt fowl, so I assume that’s why we had been asked to do it. The mountainous regions here were full of odd wildlife, and these plants were no different. There was another team attached to us (pest control), who made sure none of the animals interfered with our work.  I don’t blame the critters, we were getting rid of their habitat and spraying dangerous chemicals everywhere – it couldn’t have been a nice place to live.

Today a plant took my fancy. I squinted through the goggles to take a better look; the tint caused a loss of clarity which didn’t really both us day to day as our spray guns had a pretty wide range. The smell as I leant forward was nothing like I had experienced before; an acidic barbeque is the only appropriate way to describe it. I felt my googles slip on my nose, but was too slow in bringing my shoulder up to bump them back. They clattered to the floor, which was a noise my ears weren’t really anticipating due to the fact we were in a lush rainforest. Then again…what my eyes saw though the smoke was also not what I was anticipating. I stood there, dumbfounded, as my brain tried to make sense of what was happening.

There was no forest. No plants. No animals. Only bodies, twisted around each other like the roots of an old tree. Some still writhed. Others lay completely still. Each one decorated with an array of bullet wounds. I looked down to my hands- a flamethrower. Our respirators must have kept all the smoke away from our lungs because the air was heavy with it. I looked back at my comrades, not one had noticed my stopping… they continued in their perfect precision to torch the victims of war. The scene was oddly poetic to me. I felt a hand on my shoulder and turned around, one of the pest control guys was pointing at my goggles. I shifted my weight and brought my flamethrower up, a crooked smile on my lips. “Now this is what I signed up for.”
