You know, it's probably a good thing. I don't need to be in control of any of my actions. I can just sit back (figuratively speaking) and let things fall as they may.

Clang. Clank. Slash.

Gwoaaaaah!

I hardly have time to think about the pissed off....whatever chasing me, I'm not dead, and I'm not dying. My limbs flail out in a serpentine manner, controlled yet completely out of my control. I'd feel like some kind of super warrior if I felt like I had anything to do with anything happening at this moment in time. 

Yaaaaah--ulllllppp! Squick. Thump thunk bumpf.

I can at least see everything going on clear as day, I'm not wearing "special" glasses. I'm not wearing anything on my face at all actually! No lecherous spectacles, no facemask with a gluttonous mouth hole, no earrings that make want to overhear gossip. Just a sword that has an absolute hard-on for death. 

Chaaaaarge! He's just one guy with a bunch of-

Fwoomp.

You never hear that kind of sound in nature. That was a body turning inside out and then imploding. It's awful, just one would think. I mean, I'm not upset, per se, that it happened. If it didn't, I might be more dead than I am right now. Most people don't have a book that thinks it knows better than the owner. A book that casts it's own spells, turns it's own pages (when it wants to mock me for not reading faster), and turns hordes of would be pursuers into dust and then laughs pretentiously after doing so. 

Of course, if anything gets close enough to be a threat to me, I'm usually already headed in the opposite direction. Some times I can even look where I'm going before my arm swings wildly to protect me with the overzealous shield attached to it's hand. Is it my hand? Well, occasionally, but only when there's nothing going on, and even then, the sword usually intimidates me into finding something "fun". By fun, I of course mean godless murder, but hey, it's either that or it tries very hard to make it through my skin. I've woken up to gentle sawing, this godforsaken blade trying desperately to best the material my overbearing shield is comprised of, the only thing between the edge and it's fleshy prize. 

My life is now a waking nightmare. 

One hand, equipped with a being of pure malice and dark intent, the other, of pure matronly interjection. By this, I mean anything that gets close enough to me that might one day hurt me gets bashed in the face. My ex was very unhappy to learn of this, but she thankfully couldn't catch up to me to be skewered by the evil blade, as the boots on my feet were already twisting my legs, forcing my body to turn with them while they raced, fleeting away from the absolute look of bewilderment and anger that followed. 

I try not to think of people in my life anymore, it's easier to be a loner. Well, I can't quite say that, I have 4 companions with me at all times. Moral of the story, quick version. Never buy discount enchanted shit. 

A sword that lives for blood.
A shield that protects me from anything no matter how miniscule.
A book of magic spells that has an overinflated ego (and is honestly, kind of a prick)
A pair of boots that make the cowardly lion look like John Rambo.

Oh yeah, I'm being chased by demons. And my spellbook put me into a walking coma until the battle is over. How in the bloody hell did this happen?  I suppose it doesn't really matter.  

I'm not dead, and I'm not dying. This is my mantra.

This keeps me relatively sane.

Yaaargh!

Oh thank God, that's the last of them.

I feel the magic loosen, my muscles follow suit. I can throw up freely now, but I've gotten used to blood and gore decorating my surroundings for a while now. To even contemplate the notion that I can be phased by this is insulting to you, I apologise.

MY RAGE BUUUUURNS.

Wow, what a psychopath, I'd ask what made this weapon so hateful, but it would probably try and manipulate the book into giving it levitation powers or some shit so it could kick my ass for asking. Then it would try to stab me, my arm shield would scream like a mother about to watch her child fall from a 60 story balcony and intercept the blade. The sound that makes is describable as extremely grating. 

I would leave them to be found by someone or something else, but this big round bitch connected to my arm refuses to let me drop it.  

You might die without me!

I mean, yeah I probably would, but I keep thinking about it fondly. This is an annoying life. I'm a living weapon controlled by an egotist, a maniac, a coward and ubermom. A walking dichotomy, a living contradiction.  

Kids, always pay top dollar for enchantments, you get what you pay for.