I stared at the man sitting across from me at the wrought iron table. He was short, a neat little grey beard and gleaming eyes.  A smile hovered around his lips as he sat back in his seat and took a sip of tea. 'So, how about it?'

'I'm sorry, I don't think I quite understand,' I said, slowly. Everything seemed fuzzy. The sunlight beyond the awning was too bright, that was it. 

'It's quite simple. If you could change anything in history, what would it be?' 

'Do I know you?'

'Of course you do, I'm Joshua, you've known me since you were three. We went to primary school together. Don't you remember?'

There was something teasing about the words. Then again, of course, there would be; how could I have been so stupid as to forget my oldest friend? Joshua always had that mocking tone to his voice, that sense that he knew something you didn't. 

'Sorry, I think the sun must be scrambling my brain. Too hot today,' I said, picking up the glass of water on my side of the table.

'Not to worry. It's been so hot for so long, it gets to us all in the end. It'll end later today though. The storm clouds are coming in from the west,' he promised. 'So, what would it be?'

'Absolutely anything?'

'Anything at all.'

'Bit of an odd question isn't it?'

'Is it really? Imagine you were a god, better still imagine I'm a god, and that I'm bored. I've run out of things to do ... so, play along with me, I turn up and offer you one wish to change anything in history. What would it be?' He leaned forward, hungrily. 

'I don't know, I don't want to wipe myself out. Too much of a butterfly effect. Don't want to destroy the universe in a paradox,' I say, chuckling weakly. 'What about something little, how about my parents bought into Apple when shares were cheap?' 

He sat back, and for a moment I thought he seemed disappointed. 'A little tame. Why stop there, you can change *anything*. Why not be a god yourself? If you wanted anything you said could become true.'

'Isn't that like wishing for more wishes?'

'Hypothetically, if you could would you take up that burden? A gift, you'd have to pass it on though. Find someone, when you can't stand it anymore. Someone who''ll put on the mantle?'