The battles had been fierce. Once the early temporary and shifting alliances gave way to treachery, it became clear to that there was a real risk of an outsider winning. The only failure the pantheons feared more than their own, was of their kind’s absolute dethroning.

I was not the strongest, the fastest, nor the smartest champion, but that’s precisely why Lord Death chose me. Death does not care if you are rich, or poor, wise or foolish, strong or weak. In the end, in his own way, he will come for you. And so, too, I hunted princelings one by one, using my wits against the strong, my speed against the wise, and my strength against the quick. With no shame, I baited, lured, and trapped. It was too late when the pantheons realized they had lost. Most champions lay grievously injured, bleeding out, and those that weren’t, were already dead.

Except for her.

Crom’s champion.

She set upon me with a mighty redwood tree that she was passing off as a club, each swipe like lightning crackling through the air between us. It was all I could do to keep enough space between us to dodge, weave, and evade, but for my life, I could not break free and gain distance.

I knew the end was a matter of when. Her battle-savvy would brook me no quarter. I had as much chance of overpowering her as an ant might of me. I tucked, rolled, and leapt beside and behind her, the last blow nearly landing.

“Lord Death,” I prayed, “I have done my best, and still I have failed you.”

The club smashed straight down between my eyes, ending me. The sound of a million last gasps of air echoed out from an unknown depth, “No...”

I can’t explain the sensation, but to see my own flesh rent from my body, to purchase a moment and think, “Is this the afterlife?” Before witnessing the abject horror on Crom’s champion’s face. I realize immediately what has happened. 

I am undead.

I grasp her arm with my now skeletal hand, and her sinewy muscles turn black, and rot off the bone then and there. The rot spreads. She screams. “Crom! Strike me down!”

I had traveled far and wide, and know the chronicles tell of Crom answering no prayers (or none kindly) save that of one, long ago. Whether this would add to that tally, or count in the former category, only Crom knows, but answer her he did. An impossibly large stone descended from the skies and flattened her, before returning beyond the clouds.

I feel another skeletal hand upon my shoulder. “My Prince, you have succeeded. Now, you have my great work to do. We must tear apart this world, you will wage a campaign against all of the nations. The forest is overgrown and choking off any new sprouts. We must harvest so that others may sow.”

He turns to leave, without a pause for my reaction, but turns after a few steps. “Oh, and Crom wanted you to have these.” He tosses two dice at my feet. On both dice, all of the sides have one pip.