Jessica hated smoking weed in private. Weed was supposed to be like alcohol, something you could take freely and in public, with friends and families at public parties or at the bar, with no fear of getting busted, or judged as a druggie. What was the point of weed at all if you could only take it secretly and cautiously? Didn’t that take the fun out of it completely?

She’s leaving work, 4 pm sunlight spilling into the carpeted hallway from large corporate windows. From an open office doorway, someone shouts “Thank God it’s Friday!” followed by a ghostly wailing of the latest energetic Britney Spears song. Thank God indeed, Jessica thinks, as she presses a button to summon the elevator, because the first thing she was going to do when she got to her apartment was smoke a joint, to relieve the stress accumulated during the week: never-ending calculations and error-checking, a drab job hopefully robots in the future would pick up. 

When its doors slide shut, the elevator begins its 30 storey descent, and Jessica wearily closes her eyes, opening them immediately when there’s a strange sound, a groan she’s never heard in her 5 years at the company building. When a sharp clanking follows, she freezes. No, she thinks, with amused fright. This can’t be happening to her. Not after a dreadful week like this.

But it *is* happening to her and, for a moment, she is unmoving in disbelief, staring at the “18” above the elevator doors that tells her she’s well above ground level. Then, coming out of her petrification, and taking deep breaths, she presses the elevator alarm button: a faint, distant sound that instantaneously follows tells her someone has probably been notified. She sits on the floor, wincing at the cold from the metal floor permeating her skirt. As the minutes drag by in total silence, her head begins to droop onto her chest and an hour or two later, she jerks awake to the sound of the elevator resuming its slow crawl downwards.
 
She adjusts her skirt, tucks a strand of hair behind an ear. A song comes on, Spanish, the male voice seductive and restrained, *something something Des.Pah.Sito*. Vaguely, she thinks of her previous lover, how he’d left her because he couldn’t be with a “druggie”, a word he’d tossed around at least 15 times during his heated breakup speech to her.

When the doors open, and in her eagerness to get out of the elevator, she doesn’t immediately notice the building looks very different: new floor tiles, the fountain at the centre of the reception area now a marble doe instead of a naked granite man. It’s only when she’s by the exit that she notices there’s a new receptionist, new guards, and a large, fancy security camera over the exit that looks like it came straight from the future. 

•

Jessica sits on the toilet in her mother’s bathroom, smoke from her joint curling lazily to the ceiling. It’s past midnight and everyone in the house - her uncles and aunts, her cousins and their spouses who flew all the way from Australia to see her - is asleep. Weed may be legal now, but it’s still a topic of taboo, something that hasn’t been embraced fully. She can’t afford to be seen, especially with the unflinching attention her family, her neighbors, and America as a whole are giving her. The girl who mysteriously vanished in November 1999, who suddenly reappeared 2 weeks ago in 2018 at the place she was last seen, who has been of intense national and international interest, cannot be seen smoking a joint. Or else stories will be made. 
