There was an energy about him, there was no denying that. The stream of light from the window laid bare part of his bedraggled face, the long hair unkempt and dirty. He wore a cloth around his waste. Even now, in that state there was something unnerving about him.

"So it is you who has conjured up this charade?" Zed was taken aback, he had learned from eavesdropping on the guards that they had tortured him for days and yet no words had escaped from him. Nothing, coherent at least. 

"The last one talked more than you, that is until" a smile broke across the cracked lips of the man in the cloth. "You know, I can't quiet remember how I killed her." 

Zed sat down on the ground opposite him and looked at the small window cut into the cell. There was enough light to remind the trapped soul of freedom, but not enough to give comfort. *The primitives are more as us than we thought*.

"Come, let us at least share ourselves before the final off!" A sudden impatience came over Zed, a sense of urgency he had not felt before now, he was so close to the end. After 200 years of fruitless labor. *So close*

"Yeshua? You could have chosen a better name." Yeshua; the man in the cloth, the man with the filthy hair put his head back and laughed.

"How many centuries have you corrupted? What gives you the right to do all this?" Zed looked at the door, he tried to hide his worry but it seemed as if Yeshua could sense his anxiousness.

"I know you do not care for any of them, hunter." the last word delivered with a sting, it was not an honorable profession. "Our history is war, death. But I can give these; humans. More" Yeshua was no longer mocking, instead his eyes were moist. 

*He really is a goner*

"The prime diricti..." Yeshua burst forward, only the chains holding him back. The act made Zed reach for the blaster at his side.

"To the cosmos with your directives, I have brought a message of peace. PEACE!!! Something those fools in Haven would scarcely know." His emotions abated as quickly as they had flared and he backed down, but even on his knees he held his head high. It was as if he knew that Zed was born in the slums and had been a scoundrel and a thief for most of his life. It was as if he knew that he was from the vaults of the Cryzos.

"In any case, the likes of you could never have caught me. So tell me how you did it, how did you convince them to turn against me?" It was Zed's turn to smile, he reached out and gently tapped the door of the cell. The heavy bolts were drawn and the iron was swung open and in walked a hooded figure and the Agent.

Yeshua's face was already haggard from his imprisonment, now it lost what remained of his palor, his eyes widened in the unmistakable grip of fear. The hooded figure sat down next to Zed, while the Agent walked to the end of the cell.

She ignored Yeshua entirely, "You are almost done here?" Zed nodded, "Good, I shall await you on the Spirit of Arakh." She swiftly turned and left; closing the door behind her.

Yeshua looked at the hooded figure, his eyes still marked with fear and then at Zed. *Here comes the begging*

"If you take me now, they will desecrate what I have done. They will not understand how I would have done things. Please, you cannot take me. I will pay you double. NO! TRIPLE! I will make you king of all there is." Zed got up and pulled out the keys to the chains. Yeshua's eyes lit up.

"Tell me? Your real name what is it?" Zed asked as he undid the cuffs on the iron links, freeing Yeshua. He immediately slumped to the floor. *First primitive prison and then knowing the Lady herself was here for him.*
Zed almost felt sorry for him, almost. 

Not hearing a reply he walked over to the hooded figure and grabbed him by the neck. Pulling the hood off he revealed him to be an almost carbon copy of the man now slumped on the floor. Yeshua knew his fate was all but sealed and he meekly tried to raise himself to run.

"This is Judas, he will be replacing you Yeshua." Zed was very happy now, the prospect of the rewards he was to receive made him so.

He placed a foot on Yeshua's back to keep him still, feeling very much in control now. He tied the imposter to the chains, and grabbed up Yeshua.

"Don't worry, he won't say a word. He'll die like a good little primitive traitor." Zed tied up his prisoner with a Cryo cord. "You on the other hand." He feigned a mocking shudder. The Har Confinarium was a place of horrors if the stories could be believed.

As they moved towards the cell door, albeit slowly; Zed realized he had forgotten something. A cruel smile curled across his lips and he stopped. Looking right into Yeshua's now broken gaze.

"I forgot to tell you, we didn't do any of this. I just monitored the waves and with the Agent devised this little plan." He waved a hand towards the new 'prisoner' 
"No, your 'people' betrayed you quiet happily without our help." It was the final straw, Yeshua began to sob quietly. Zed enjoyed this part, in this moment he was in total control and his prey was at his mercy.

"So, what is your real name 'Yeshua'?" the prisoner through sobs murmured something almost incoherent. Almost.

As the starship broke from Sol's gravity it rumbled like a caged beast, craving release. The agent smiled at Zed, he had never seen her smile and it was not the most unpleasant thing he had seen. But he could not muster more than a soft grin, for Zed was staring at his arm where imprinted on his wrist was the name they had given him all those years ago.

*Z-1322*

And in his head, the only thing he could hear was the almost deafening sound of the prisoners last words. 

"The name the Cryzos gave me was Z-1321*


*Edited: For grammar and minor readability: I always forget to read it through