“I worry about you forgetting me,” I said to Juan.  “If I die from this you can’t keep your memories of me forever, not all of them, anyway.”  “I won’t forget the good times.  Ever,” he replied.


The chiming of the medical alarm brought me back to the nursing home.  To reality.  Funny, I hadn’t thought of the imaginary friends from my coma period in years, decades actually.  Looking back, I knew the person I was before the coma, and the years of medical and psychological treatment that followed it, would never have had my life.  Losing contact with my school friends and fearing that I wouldn’t see my 23rd birthday had changed my perspective, and I suppose the other life I pretended to live was like a prototype for my real life.  The psychologists talked about me subconsciously fulfilling my desire for friends I lost and an adult life I was in danger of losing by creating these imaginary relationships around me, like some reversion to childishness.  They were right, of course, but the clinic-speak seemed to downplay the emotions I felt in the dream world and the sense of loss when I accepted I couldn’t live there forever.  


The real world had its own advantages though, and I built a life for myself here far more rich than the fading memories of my hospitalized imagination.  As I was thinking about this my daughter, Isabella, walked into my room.  “Your doctors say your blood oxy-” I cut her off “You know I don’t understand a word of that stuff, right?  Your grandmother said when I was younger I insisted that doctors spoke in a foreign language.”  “If they spoke in a foreign language you would have understood them perfectly Dad,” Isabella said, laughing.  I had worked as a translator my entire career, most of it with humanitarian groups.  In fact, I had adopted Isabella from an orphanage on one of our trips to Guatemala.  Her and my late wife had helped me to come to terms with the confusion I felt for years after my coma.  It’s embarrassing now, but I was terrifyingly close to doing something drastic to “rejoin” my dream life.  


“Anyway,” she said, “It doesn’t look good.”  I knew I was close to dying, but the staff wouldn’t tell me much at all.  Isabella worked with Doctors Without Borders, though, and could understand the jargon.  “Don’t worry about me, honey, I’ve lived a great life.  And I’m so proud of you.”  “Learnt it all from you, Dad.  You always seemed so sure of what you wanted.  I guess living a lifetime in lala land will do that to you.”  “Maybe so,” I said, “but I’m happy for the coma now.  I never would have met you or your mother if not for it.  I was going to be an accountant!”  The thought seemed ridiculous and we both laughed.  In fact, our laughter was loud enough that I neither heard the alarm of the machines nor felt the life leave my body.


The alarm returned to a steady beeping and I awoke from my sleep.  Time to get to school, I guess.  But I was in a hospital…for the comas, yeah…but those were 70 years ago.  I looked around the room I had never been in before, just as a nurse entered and asked me how I felt, in perfect Spanish.  My mind was racing, but my body felt like I was a new man.  “Bien” I answered.  She asked if I would like to see my friends and said that Juan was waiting right outside.  “Si.”  Juan?  My imaginary friend?  But the more I thought of him the more came back.  Those “dreams” were never dreams they were memories.  The psychologists never believed me though, and treated me for delusions.  Eventually, as I forgot my life here, in the real world, my memories seemed more like fever dreams and I started to believe they were.  But that means my daughter, my wife, my entire life were the real dream, were my imagination!  I would never see any of them again!  And how could I possibly adapt to live a life here in this place which seemed to me to be 70 years in the past and filled with strangers? 


I broke down into tears as Juan entered.  “What?  Are you all right?”  He asked, still in Spanish.  “The nurse said you were talking.”  I wanted to tell him everything, but he would tell the doctors, those psychologists would do the same damn thing they had done to me in the dream, and I would forget everything about my old life.  I had to leave the hospital and tell my friends then.  I was a translator, my entire job was making people understand me.  I could do it.  But why?  And what would I do after?  Grief overtook me again, and I saw Isabella’s face.  She didn’t exist in this world, nor did my wife, and I couldn’t do everything all over again.  Not without them.  I couldn’t live stand my memories paired with that knowledge.  There was only one way for me to be remotely functional.  The only way that worked before.  I lifted my head and made a decision.  “Can you ask one of the psychologists to see me, Juan?  I’ve been having the weirdest delusions.”