"Say, is it true? Is this THE bar?"

I looked up from the puddle of various beverage I was wiping off the countertop. In front of me was a new face, eyes gleaming. "The what?" I replied wearily.

"THE bar. You know from all those jokes. Heard crazy stuff happens here."

Great, another fan... My job was hard enough as it is, but now that the rumour has spread, I had to deal with people like him 2 or 3 times a weak. They all wanna see THE bar. They wanna see THE horse with a long face, THE rabbi, priest and reverend. Bartending is half mixing drinks and half dealing with drunkard's bullshit, no one said anything about working a darn tourist attraction.

Before I could answer, Timothy walked out of his living space we built him at one end of the bar, walked to his piano and started playing. New Face was ecstatic.

"I knew. There he is. The twelve inch pianist. In the flesh. Man this is awesome." 

"Look... just leave Tim alone please. Let him play his piano."

"Ah come one, man. You really think I came all the way to THE bar just to watch?"

"You people really think you can just come in this bar and treat my clients like a freakshow don't you?"

I probably said that last sentence a tad too sternly. New Face was looking a tad uncomfortable suddenly. 

I pointed to the empty barstool in front of me. "Sit. I'll tell you all about what really happens in THE bar."

"Alright, first off, let's start with Tim. Yes, Tim is the twelve inch pianist, and someday some asshole with a half deaf genie left him in this bar. He lives here now. Where else can he live? It's not like he can drive, take the metro or even just go to school. So he live in the little house me and a few others built him, and plays the piano, because that's what that stupid genie created him for. Poor guy didn't ask to be born like this."

"And before you ask: the blonde, the brunette and the redhead come every friday or so. Catherine, that's the blonde, was on her way to get her business administration degree when a drunk driver ran her over. Massive brain damage. So yeah, now she's dumb as a rock, and I get to see her every week when her girlfriends bring her here so she can have a nice evening out like a normal person.

Don't bother looking for the monkey who shoves stuff up his butt because someone bet he couldn't swallow a pool ball. He's dead. Colon obstruction.

Oh, and wanna know why the horse had a long face? He thought his wife was cheating on him. One day he went home and found her in bed with another man. He's serving a life sentence for second degree murder now. The lover, not the horse. So yeah, you won't be seeing him tonight either.

The twins who keep getting so drunk they forget about themselves and get so amazed when they found someone born on the same day, same town, went to the same school and all that are in a nursing room. Alzheimers.

Let's see, who else. Oh yeah, the skeleton with the mop. They got that story all wrong: he's our janitor actually, and a mean drunk. You know what he did before wiping the floor in this crappy dive bar? Movies. Jason and the Argonauts, that was him. Fame got to his head: booze, hookers, coke and all that jazz. His last role was getting shoved down a hole in a Lord of Rings film. Poor guy just wasn't made for the spotlight.

So yeah in short, this here is just another bar, with just another gaggle of clients, each with just another shitty life. Except that here, some people thought their problems were funny, and turned them into jokes. And now I gotta deal with jokers like you! who think it's gonna be so cool to see those people from those jokes, without ever stopping to wonder how life is for these poor souls."

It was at this moment that a very inebriated customer interrupted me. "Hey barkeep, your golden toilet is fucking awesome!"

"Goddamnit you senile old fart! How many times do I gotta tell you... (deep breath) It's not his fault... keep calm" Having contained my anger, I turned to the backroom and shouted to the skeleton reading a book, "Hey Jake, Harry is at it again. Yeah, he mentioned the golden toilet, so I think he pissed in your saxophone again. Real sorry. Hey, it's not my fault his family don't give two shits about him and let him wander around despite his dementia."

Next inglorious task was to phone Harry's stupid daughter. Yes, her father was off his meds again. No, I didn't serve him, he got shit-faced elsewhere. Yes, he's barred from entering, but I got a whole bar to take care of and sometimes he slips in unnoticed. Yes, I'll ask Jake to keep an eye on him while she drives to pick him up.

Surprisingly, New Face hadn't left his stool during all this. I guess my outburst had left him a little stunned.

"Hey, look sorry,... I just... I had no idea man."

"Whatever, as long as you promise to behave. Water under the bridge and all that. You want something to drink?"

"Um, yeah. Rum and coke please."

"Is Pepsi okay?"

"Sure"

New Face looked off in the distance as I poured his drink.

"Look man, I'm real sorry. I just didn't know it was that bad."

"What can I say, it's a shitty dive bar. Ain't no funny business in here."

I slid a glass of dark liquid in his direction.

"And there you go. Pepsi and Coke. That'll be 3$ 50."