"Today, class, we'll be discussing and learning about humanity. I hope you read your chapters on Earth and it's native semi intelligent species. To recap, Earth, as its called by it's inhabitants, is the third planet in the system orbiting a yellow dwarf star. Humans, the dominant intelligent(several students snickered at that) species on the planet although the planet has tremendous biodiversity, arguably the most of any known system."


The teacher looked at her class, a mixture of the various species who made up the United Consortium. It was a motley assortment of of almost a dozen different species, a tribute to the long efforts and dedication to peace and diplomacy that had fueled and drove the Consortiums founding following the Great Galactic War, a galaxy wide conflict that had claimed billions of lives and doomed a half dozen races to extinction. 


There had been no winner in the War. Instead, the various participants simply exhausted themselves of the conflict. 


Too many lives had been lost, too many bright lights had been extinguished before their time. 


This is what made Earth and humanity such a fascinating topic to the Teacher. The conflicts and wars on Earth between opposing nations and peoples were almost a contained study in what the Great Galactic War had looked like. So many conflicting ideologies, such quick and rapid technological advancements had lead to a near continuous cycle of conflict. 


"So, class, what can you tell me about humanity?"

Per usual, no one wanted to raise their hand.

"So am I to assume that no one did the assigned reading?"


The students looked around at each other, fidgeting in their seats or holo chairs(for those whose biological makeup didn't allow for this particular environment)


"If no one answers, I'll just have to assume that none of you did your assigned tasks, and we'll have a pop quiz to confirm or deny my theory."


More fidgeting......


The Teacher understood. Humanity was a touchy subject among the UC. Humanity had been put forth as a possible target for societal and technological uplifting but once the the UC Council had their full reports regarding the human race, the topic turned from uplifting the humans to potentially exterminating them. Many within the UC felt that the humans were simply too violent as a species and if they achieved intergalactic travel and it's associated technology, they'd make war on the galaxy. 


The prospect terrified the Council. They had no stomach for war and the notion of uplifting such a terrifying race frightened them. 


Even the most warlike race of the Consortium, the Talonians, who still celebrated battle as a form of art and formed the military backbone of the UC, wanted no part in the human race. 


There were simply too many of them. A planet of almost 9 billion individuals? With a gestation of only 9 months? And only 14-15 Earth years before a human could feasibly fight? Even their weaponry, primitive by galactic standards, could still kill any member of the UC races, except for the Artoans, whose naturally hard skins acted as a natural armor. 


Finally, a student chimed, a Talonian who had likely already studied humans and their battle strategies. 


"Humans are classified as a Level 0 War Species. They're an....unremarkable species, biologically. No natural weapons, no natural armors, no redundant organs. Simple diseases can kill them. Child birth still kills them. Things we've long since moved past."


"So they're a war species then? Why would such a fragile creature be a war species?"


To this, another student replied. 


"They're a divided race in almost every way. Nationality, religion, they even cannot agree on what makes them human. Biological differences as simple as skin tone divide them."


The teacher was pleased. The students HAD done their reading. And she could see the wheels and gears turning in their heads. This should prove to be a great discussion.


"So if they're so fragile, so divided, and so primitive, why did the Council give humans the second highest threat rating? Why did the Council debate exterminating the humans altogether?"


Another Talonian spoke up


"Because the fight and wage war over all of that. Their entire existence has revolved around war. They're not warlike. They don't openly celebrate it. Even their warriors, who are trained for battle, don't celebrate it. They justify it by claiming they're fighting for peace. To bring peace to this country or this people. They treat it as an evil but can't stop it......it's almost like a drug to them. An addictive drug. They need it. They crave conflict. But they'll never openly admit to it."


The teacher nodded her head. The student had made a fine point about humanity.


They were addicted to war. It had become a drug to them. If they went too long without it, they would find something to go to war over. It was inevitable. 


"So why then, has the Council opted not to exterminate them? It could be done easily enough and with minimal losses to the UC. I'd wager it wouldn't take but a single Talonian battle fleet to destroy most of the major population center from orbit."


And here was the uncomfortable part, for most. The *why*. 


"Anyone? Why would the Council risk unleashing humanity on the galaxy?"


This time, it was a Chaxat who responded. The Chaxat, who were a very spiritual species. 


"Because they still have souls. They're still a sentient, if primitive race. They shouldn't be exterminated because they've never had the chance to see themselves as anything but different to each other. In the entirety of their existence, they've never united one banner"


"So you postulate that humanity needs an external or outside influence?"


"Yes. Basic science tells us that any material or organism changes when under environmental pressures. Ice melts and water evaporates when exposed to heat."



"So we should melt them?"


That got a rise out of the class. 



"No ma'am. I'm saying that we should be the external factor that forces them to evolve. The UC was born out of conflict. Why should humanity react any differently?"


"So we should help them unite? That's kind of what the Council is afraid of. A united humanity could be a problem with which the UC cannot contend."


"I agree. But we cannot judge them for crimes they have not committed. Even if it's a near certainty, which it is not, we cannot treat it as an eventuality that will come to pass. Because you could make the same argument for any of the UC races, particularly the Talonians."


The teacher nodded and smiled. She had argued against extermination in the Council chambers herself. She had made the same points. So to see those same points, those same counterarguments, being brought up a student....filled her with pride. Professional pride as she was doing her job, inspiring young minds to think, to form their own opinions. And pride in the UC. As long as there were those who thought humanity was worth saving, they had a chance to join the UC. A chance to be saved. 


"So you think it would be morally wrong to exterminate them? Ok, fair enough. But what do they offer? What does a primitive, violent race offer us? What makes them worthy of being saved?"


The students quieted down. It was easy to debate humanity's faults but few were willing to discuss their positive traits. 


A surprising answer came from the lone Artoan in the class. 


"Because they're not that much different than us. They may be a different species, a violent one, even dangerous, but so were the Talonians. So were my species. The Great Galactic War proves how similar we are to the humans. Why did the War start? What were the initial goals? No one knows anymore. But like a drug addict finally deciding to get clean, to seek treatment, so did we. 

For every fault we find in humanity, if we look a little deeper, we find the same qualities and traits that we ourselves value. We find courage, honor, loyalty, sacrifice. 

We find strangers running into burning buildings to save *animals*. 

For every atrocity, there are great acts of love and kindness. Great acts of compassion. 

They will abandon all logic and reason to save that which cannot be saved. They will fight to their last soldier in defense of a lost cause.

They deserve to be saved and given a chance because they too have the qualities to become something greater than themselves. It's inherent with each country and culture. Now they simply need the opportunity to see how they can be more as a single *race*."



**Edit: This was done as a spur of the moment thing while I sit here at work bored. I'm not a writer. So be gentle.**