I took the train early in the morning. I didn't like it when it was full of people. I liked looking outside the Window to see the landscape and how it changed over the years. Well, decades. I haven't taken this particular train route for over 45 years. And it's not even a train anymore. They call them hyperloops now. 

I don't like it. It's too fast. I can't see the landscape. Everything is changing so fast, my eyes can't adjust fast enough or track everything that's moving at breakneck speeds.

Come to think of it, my whole life has been like this. It makes you yearn for "slow" things. 

As the miles roll on the screen, i can see that i'm no longer in the United Provinces and i'm about to head north towards what was once Alaska.

I could live there, free from the stress of the world, away from my ever-tourmenting family... but i know it would only be temporary. We're entering the rockies now. This is a really long tunnels but we'll be through it in minutes.

It's too cold up there anyway. I don't need to eat much nowadays but i still need some form of comfort. Hell, even just something to do. Going from job to job has been exhausting enough. I wish i could go back to being a baker. I loved the smell of fresh bread every morning. It was an easy enough life in Paris. No matter how long society will live on, people will always want their bread made fresh every morning.

We're out of the tunnel. There's snow everywhere. The on-screen map says we'll be in old Russia Federation states soon after going underwater. 

My son loved the beach. He could swim for hours and still want to go back in. We practically had to drag him out of the water. He could have been in the olympics if he really wanted too. Men in the family couldn't take the For Ever treatment. Too risky. Can't have unhealthy people til the end of the world now can we? That's the official statement though. I'm sure my dear brother has something to do with it. He never could stomach my family. To him, i was little miss perfect, with the great job and great husband. The perfect candidates for the treatment.

We're under water now. I wish i was dead. Let this giant glass bubble break and suffocate everyone. Let me become a block of ice that will not be thawed for another hundred years. Maybe then he will stop hounding me.

I can't get far enough away. Even if i do get on the Mars Transport he *will* know. If only i could contact my daughter, she'd get me out of here. But i have no other choice than to get to Chinrea and see this Jo Kim. He's the only one that can get me on that transport.

Back on land... Good.

The 5 minutes we were underwater felt like an eternity.

*snicker*

Not that it would bother me.

The screen flashes red.

*"Attention passengers, please put on your UV goggles."*

Maybe just let the sun kill us all instead. They already did a number on the air 50 years ago. We wouldn't have to wear these all the time and just bake it the sun until extra crispy.

You did good by leaving mommy, Sara. You saved yourself when you had to. I'm not mad. But now mommy is coming to get you back. And no brother of mine will keep me from you. I don't care if it takes another hundred years. We will be a family again.