######[](#dropcap)

"Well, well, well, if it isn't Gorthakk the Mighty!" cried Thomhauld.

"As I live and breathe!" resounded Gorthakk. "Thomhauld, the half-dwarf of Alaris! I thought I might not see you again for another age!" And at this, the mighty human warrior dropped from his steed and shook Thomhauld's hand in so tight a grasp it might have turned stones to dust.

"How do you fare, my friend?" asked the half-dwarf. "Have I heard correctly, that you came into a bit of wealth following the raid on the camp of Hebbolleth's army?"

"That and more," Gorthakk replied. "The army had taken so many villages, and amassed such vast amounts of gold, that they could hardly carry what they had as they attempted to escape from our blades. Such was their greed, that we struck down every last thieving orc while their horde spilled from the palms of their fat hands."

Thomhauld laughed, with mirth that shook the very trees above. "They put up no fight, then?"

"Certainly, there was fighting," clarified the mighty one, "but most of the camp of Hebbolleth was so fearful of being outnumbered and surrounded by our party, they ran like the cowards they were, and chose to take up gold rather than weapons as they took their leave."

"Ha! Such is the foolishness of goblins!" Thomhauld gave Gorthakk a cheery grin. "You are well met, Gorthakk. May the fear that struck the hearts of these goblins also strike this very dragon, which we are here to slay!"

So Gorthakk and Thomhauld joined the rest, a band which with them was twenty strong, at the base of the dragon's mountain lair. There among them were others who Gorthakk knew well: namely Lecia, the Elf of the Eastern Forest, and Maket Ishanen, a white-haired human mage. Gorthakk lumbered up to hail them, but as he did, his eyes settled on an unusual mystery.

Lecia was an elf of licentious character and lustful tastes. It was in her nature to congress freely with any male in her party who showed interest, no matter what race. When in battle, her skills as an archer were unparalleled, and she had the steely-eyed focus of a wolf or a tiger. But when not engaged thus, she was easygoing, flirtatious to a fault and having the ability to drink any man under the table with ease, a challenge no wise man had yet taken twice. 

Here, therefore, was a side of the elf which Gorthakk had never seen. She was *tense*, he could nearly feel the waves of stress and despair rolling off her shoulders as she knelt on a fur blanket and fussed about... some odd thing... like unto broken pieces of armor, but with fine wire connecting the parts, finer than he had ever seen in the past, finer than he believed it possible to create in the best of dwarven smithies. There were two gauntlets, and the sabatons and greaves that covered the lower legs, but nothing for the upper legs, or the chest, only a small, tight ring of metal that would have just fit the form of her collarbones. The headpiece was odd as well. It had a piece of something like molded glass, which would have covered her eyes completely, with little odds and ends that stuck out from the leather which covered the mouth and nose, and another piece of leather to keep it bound to her face as long as she would have needed. *What* she might need it for was a matter he could not determine for himself. And as he took stock of the situation, Lecia's words only confused him further.

"Maket, for the love of Pete, if you don't either help me fix this or get out of my way before I need to go to work, I will personally hire all of 4chan to gank your account into oblivion."

Maket Ishanen sighed at this, a long, loathsome breath which expressed hours upon hours of frustration to which Gorthakk was not privy. "Lecia... this form of magic... it is so far beyond me..."

"*To hell with the roleplaying already!*" Lecia screamed. "I'm going to lose my *job* over this! My *real* job! Come back to reality and realize that *playing this game doesn't keep the lights on for me!*"

"Lecia!" Gorthakk exclaimed. "What is this strange contraption that lies before you?"

"*There! That!*" Lecia screamed again. Gorthakk was taken aback by her ferocity, as she rose from her knees and took long strides to face him directly. "This is what I'm talking about! Can't any of you idiots talk normally? Of all the days for my VR link to break down, it had to be the day when I'm stuck with the densest, most *ignorant*—"

Maket Ishanen took Lecia by the waist then, with a strength Gorthakk had not seen him display in the past, hoisting her over his shoulder and all but throwing her back from where Gorthakk and Thomhauld stood. They watched with trepidation as he pointed one finger, dyed all over with the ink of spellbinding and wizardry, into the shivering elf's face.

"You," he said, almost in whisper, but not so softly that the two could not hear, "are being a *bitch.*"

"I... I'm *not*..."

"You are. If you want me to speak in that gods-forsaken language, then that's what I'm going to call you. You're a bitch. And you need help from someone who knows more than I do about this... 'virtual reality.'"

By this time, the entire band of adventurers had caught on to the spectacle and stood gaping at the affair, as Lecia clasped her hands against her ears as though she were feeling a greater suffering and pain in her head than that of the sword. "I *am* getting help! From a therapist, a professional!"

"They aren't real, Lecia." And at this, Lecia cried such a sharp, whinnying cry that Gorthakk's heart shattered into pieces out of empathy for the elf, who seemed so lost and confused, like a child crying for its mother in the midst of the darkest, coldest forest imaginable. Tears streamed down her face, and a shadow settled over the entire party.

"She truly has lost her mind by that thing," said Thomhauld, shaking his head. "Such a pity."

"What is the meaning of all this?" Gorthakk roared. "Lecia, the most cheerful and vivacious elf I've known, has surely been taken by some curse! How has she changed her accent and manner of speech? And what is this strange armor?" He picked the glass piece from where it lay, and up came all the other bits connected by the wire, which swung so freely they could have been thread. "It is so light," he mused. "Which clan of dwarves could smith such a thing?"

"They came not from dwarves," replied Maket Ishanen. "And they are no armor. Quite the opposite."

"What then, if it offers no protection?"

"I hear tell," said Oberon, a minotaur from the South, "it is some form of play, being freely bought and sold by the people living across the Western Mountains."

"Play?"

"Not play, either, the way a child might," said Maket Ishanen, "but play upon a stage. They call it 'virtual reality.'" He took the pieces of the set from Gorthakk. "This glass here is set over your eyes, and the other parts over your limbs like so, and you are able to possess the... I'm sorry, it is difficult to explain."

"...Go on."

"It is... like another world. You may see it with the glass, when the magics are brought to bear. There are no races there but humans and dumb animals. There are no dragons. There is no magic. But their structures are tall and unyielding to the elements, and their carriages run with no horses. All things have perfect symmetry when it suits them to be so, and there are screens of glass which hold and share all that world's information, and they work faster than the human mind."

"It sounds more magic than magic!" exclaimed Gorthakk. "And you may see it all with this helmet?"

"And control the body of some human that lives there. Like a necromancer seeing through the eyes of the dead, but not."

"What would you do with such a thing?"

"That's just it! It is all drudgery," replied Thomhauld. "It was hardly worth my time."

"You have done it too?"

"Many of us have," said one of the others, and at this they all clamored over each other to tell their own tales.

"...Great big buildings, skyscrapers, they're called..."

"...A plane! A roll of metal which carries people through the sky!"

"...But all that is done is sit and stare at the glass, and write on paper tallying sums and writing laws..."

"Gods I was boring then!"

"Only I have not partaken," said Oberon. "The parts will not fit over my head or hooves."

Lecia laughed. Startled, the group drew back, and Maket Ishanen dropped the VR set. The elf lunged at it immediately.

"You'll break it again!"

"Perhaps," said Maket Ishanen, "that is how it should be."

She laughed again. "You all think I'm crazy? We work with a half-bull person and you think I'm crazy?"

"I simply don't understand," cried Gorthakk. "What does it all mean? Who made this?"

"Pandora Research Incorporated," she replied. "A company on *Earth.* Not this world. *This* is the play, the fake. All the adventuring, fighting dragons and stealing treasure — and oh, God, the *sex!*" She giggled. "Who would have thought it was possible fifteen years ago?"

"I don't—" Gorthakk began again.

"I'm just... so lonely there." Lecia's odd accent was muddied over by her sobs, and the group could barely understand her. "I thought... one last time. One last hit of the drug. Before I have to go back to being a 'VR freak' in the office and taking Xanax every day. Then I'd quit."

She stared at the helmet, peering through the plastic visor to a broken motherboard behind it.

"But now I'm stuck. The helmet is broken. There's no hotkeys to get out of the game. This was the only way. And it's gone." She sobbed again, and her tears fell on the plastic and started to slide away.

"Even the water..." Lecia sighed. "Why did they have to make this game so *real?*"
***
***
[Visit my sub!](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheCastriffSub)  
[There MAY be more stories about Pandora Research Incorporated?!?](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheCastriffSub/comments/58k4uz/143_end_of_flight_procedure/)