The day when it happened was a nothing day. Nothing was happening; nothing was improving, nothing was getting worse, nothing. It was a well deserved sick day, in Marshall's opinion. or maybe it was a holiday? Whatever the case, Marshall didn't care. He was away from his family and away from his work and away from it all. But it wasn't a nothing day. Not quite. something was wrong. Something was off. Marshall had become very aware of nothing. There was a certain nothing in his brain, a space where he knew there was something, where there definitely should have been something. But there was nothing. In a confusing way, however, it was a very *something* sort of nothing. It wasn't just a lapse in memory. There was something *other* in his brain and now it was gone. Probably nothing. He turned on the TV to get his mind off of it. A tostinos commercial started to play, which was exactly what Marshall wanted. It was a very *nothing* thing to have on the TV because after all today was a very *nothing* day, at least that's what it was meant to be. Marshall sat on the couch in his boxers and shirt and his cape which he had forgotten to take off and began to check his mission status pager. Upon further inspection, however, Marshall realized that he wasn't wearing a cape and was an idiot for thinking that he was. Because only odd people wear capes. Marshall wasn't an odd person. He was a *nothing* person who wouldn't be caught dead in a cape. That was dumb. He looked at the book that he was holding and though for a second about how he definitely wasn't holding a book before. But it didn't matter. He was holding a book now, and He liked reading.  Something on the TV caught his attention so he looked up and saw that the actual show had finally started. The news. Damnit. 

"Welcome back, this is 'those among us', and I'm your host, Emilia Paige." said Emilia Paige. "We are still coming to you with breaking news, as 'Blue Lizard' sends us another video". The image on the screen cut to a video which was clearly filmed on a phone of a man wearing a lizard mask and painted blue. 

"You have ten minutes remaining or your reporters get killed" the man under the mask said, as he panned the camera over for four smartly-dressed people tied up and with tape over their mouths. Marshall almost laughed out loud at how stupidly *cinematic* it all was, how melodramatic and stupid his world had become. The camera cut back to Emilia Paige.  

"Surprisingly, we have seen not even a hint of Marshall Moone-" The rest of what Emilia said didn't matter. It was coming and it was coming fast. The sidekick. the car. The cape. The enemies. It was like a horrible flood of what was meant to be forgotten. What you were supposed to forget. "Thank you" The man at the grocery store had said. "Thank you for all that you've done"

It made sense in an awful way. A horrible way. This was not what he had wanted. Not anything near what he had wanted. 

"Marshall Moone does it again! On behalf of the kidnapped reporters Samuel, Erin and Michael, I would like to thank you for everything that you have done"

"I wasn't- I didn't do anything. I didn't do anything! How did I even get here? I'm nobody- you have the wrong Marshall, I'm nobody, I'm nobody..."

A man with a taser approached Marshall Moone

The man with the taser tased Marshall Moone.