Ever since my Husband made that wish becoming the young man he used to be he is rarely ever home, and when he does comeback he's always keeps quiet about what he has been doing. I bet he's been sneaking out being with some young skank. Well this time I will not put up with it, It took be all day but all of his belongings are now in these two bags, I'm sure his good looks will get him any bed he desires.

It's 8 pm and i hear him entering the house even at my age, my hearing is as sharp as ever, sounds like he's carrying a bagpack he's probably planning on leaving me thankfully he no longer needs too do any of the packing.

"I'm home, sorry I came back so late I-"

He sees the bags in the living room than instinctively walks into the kitchen where he knew where I usually am.

"I guess you've found out."

"I did."

I continue avoiding making eye contact with him.

"I should have known, but it's good too see you're eager."

I'm a bit confused what he is talking about, I turn around and see his youthful face focusing on his eyes, as they are the only things i know that remained the same on him for so many years. he reaches into his bag pack and pulls out two candles with my age on it.

"Happy Birthday" He smiles with his bright shining teeth almost blinding me.

"Is this what you've been doing for these last few months?" I ask

"I went from hell and back too find out about the candles that made me young again. isn't that why you've packed your bags?"

All this time I had little faith in him but now I see he is the same man i married, i feel like a blushing bride now."

"Of course, why else would I pack?"

"It has been a long time coming but we finally going too our dream vacation."

He sets the table takes out the cake he bought from the bakery, White chocolate my favorite all these years and he still remembered. He places the candle numbers "8" and "3" on the take and lights them with a match. I followed what he did and rearranged the candles and then i wished to be 38 again and then I blew them out. 