Where was I? Just a flurry of red winged creatures, a dropped Ouija board? Everything was dark and close, smelled musty, old. This was not my living room.

Process that thought later. The things - no creatures - that had dropped the Ouija board were like the devils in mythical folklore. Only I wasn't drunk or high. I didn't think I was dreaming either.

These little red devils just saw me appear and ran shrieking into another room. I heard the door of that room lock.

Thing to do now was to pinch myself.
 
Ow, that hurt. 

As far as I knew I was conscious, not asleep. Only a few moments ago I had been lying on my leather sofa, flipping channels in my cheaply furnished apartment. I remember I had been drinking from a glass of milk. I was certainly sober. What else did I remember?

Oh yeah, I remember shouting out, "Hell!" aloud when American Apprentice clicked on the screen. It was just an involuntary exclamation caused by seeing Trump on screen, but suddenly now I was clearly not in my apartment.

I was here in this dank, cold, bare room, which narrated nothing but black shadows, death and Gothic despair.

Unlike my carpeted living-room, the floor here was just bare wooden boards.  A dismal light was provided by a dozen or more guttering candles. Furnishings were as bare as the floor: misshapen wooden chairs, a knotty table.

I picked up the Ouija board. It was heavy, made of a hardwood, perhaps mahogany, and extremely well-crafted. The letters were neatly painted in white and clearly the board had been well-used over the years.

Unlike many, I was a full believer in the paranormal. I had never tested a Ouija board before, simply because I was too afraid of summoning up something truly dreadful. I believed in ghosts though, also spirits, demons and Hell.

Clearly what had happened here was that somehow I had been summoned. The perpetrators of my summoning, demons of some kind, had uncharacteristically fled at my appearance.

My heart was beating fast. I could barely step forward, I was trembling so much. Gothic shaped windows, uncurtained, revealed the blackest of night skies. Where the hell was I?

Somehow I managed to gird myself, trepidantly approaching the locked wooden door past which the three demons had fled.  

I hesitated, before knocking assertively. I figured these demons, by their actions, were far more afraid of me than I was of them. Besides I had to get out of this place somehow, otherwise I was doomed forever in this hellhole.

After knocking three times, I waited.

No response.

I knocked once again. “Hello.”

I tried the handle. The door of course was locked. I knew that already but had hoped the gesture might force the demons to do something. “Please unlock this door.”

“Go away,” I heard from inside. The voice sounded weirdly childish, certainly frightened.

Bolstered a little by this, I said: “Please, I won’t hurt you. I understand this has all been a mistake. You were playing with a Oiuja Board and somehow you ended up summoning me.  I realize that you didn’t intend anything, but please I need to find a way to get back.”

Another voice, reedy, definitely child-like, could be heard. “We’re not scared of you.”

“I know,” I said, “I won’t hurt you. Please open the door.”

After a few moments, I heard the turn of the key in the lock. I grasped the ornate cast-iron handle and pushed. The door creaked like the combined cries of a thousand tormented souls as it slowly opened.

I held my breath. The room revealed was clearly a bathroom. Of sorts. Inside was a primitive wooden commode and a metal bath. A few of the usual candles provided a faltering light of sorts.

Three winged demons, blood red, with wings, cowered before me looking afraid despite my entreaties. The tallest was maybe just three feet tall. These were just mischievous children who had terrified themselves by playing with the occult. They had unwittingly unleashed powers they had no understanding of.

I almost started to feel a little sympathy for them. Holding my palms towards them in a conciliatory gesture, I said, “Please, don’t be scared. I’m not here to hurt you.”

Almost as one, they said, “It’s not you we’re scared of.”

I was confused momentarily, but then noticed they weren’t actually staring at me. Their fiercely green eyes were directing a stare above and behind me.

I suffered a sudden deep pang of terror. It wasn’t my fear I could smell, it was the malodorous stench from something behind me.

Slowly I turned round. 

And there was Dad.

At least eight feet tall, vast wings raised, pointed tail flicking menacingly, a huge red demon stared down at me murderously. His eyes were like sulphurous slits.

Stock-still with terror, I could only watch as Dad opened his huge jaws to reveal a giant alligator’s array of deadly yellow fangs. I saw a venomous flick of a forked tongue.

Then a huge rush of flame spewed forth and I blacked out instantly.

