If I were to confess every full moon I lock many children down in the darkness of the basement, all in different iron cages, I wouldn't be running this orphanage. If I were to confess that I feed the blood of lambs, cows, and other animals to them, it would probably be me who winds up locked in a cage; and if I were to tell the world two of the children have owl heads, then I'd most likely end up in a psych ward.

But what do they know about taking care of unloved, abandoned vampires, werewolves, and owlkids? It's not an easy job, but I love it dearly, for its unique, and there's something thrilling about guiding these poor children toward the correct path in life. Of course, they choose their paths, not me. I simply try to make them think about their futures. And I think I've done a great job. Most of them dream of being great, evil monsters when they grow up, and although the society won't like that very much, I'm proud they've an objective in life.

We have movie nights every Friday. Dracula is a favorite of the vampires, and the owlkids; while Harry Potter, especially the ones with Lupin, are the werewolves favorite. Twilight is not so popular among them.

For all my passion, however, there are times were things get ugly. The iron cages sometimes fail to cage the werewolves, and when that takes place, chaos ensues. Two nights ago Billy not only escaped his cage, but was so ravenous that barreled out of the orphanage too. We had to chase him in the middle of the night, and mind you, werewolves, even small ones, are *fast.*

That earned me some scars, and lawsuits. That's another thing worth mentioning, the neighbors are not the best. They don't seem to understand that sometimes things can get a little wild in here. These are abandoned children after all. Sure, Timmy, the owlkid likes to watch you through his big, luminous eyes while you are asleep, but what can I do? I've told him a hundred times to stop it, but he simply turns his head away from me.

The latest lawsuit is proof of how uncompassionate the neighbors are.

*From Radley Rumman,*

*I'm sending you this letter to notify you that I'm taking legal action against your establishment, "The Monstrous Orphanage" in sight of the recent damages your bandals have occasioned in my humble home. As of last night, my dog has gone missing, my fence is destroyed, my front door is scraped with enormous claws, and my wife claims a giant owl with extremities has been stalking her.*  

See what I'm referring to? I can't control Billy nor any of the children when they escape. I do my best. The same goes for Timmy and Lourdes, they enjoy observing married adults, for they sees their parents in them. They are sweet kid, but like owls, they are active during the nights, and I can only be awake for so long.

Fortunately for me, my little, beloved vampires enjoy flying far away to seek for their victims, and although the news are covering a story about people waking up pale and dizzy, they don't suspect about us. Yet.

It's a wonderful job, and I wouldn't change it for anything in the world.

------------------------

r/NoahElowyn