I slowly woke up from my stasis pod in my bunker, dazed and confused, but happy to be alive. 

“Mr. President! Thank god you’re awake.” One of my staff members rushed up to me, looking very frazzled. “We have a huge problem on our hands.” 

“Why?” I asked him, confused. 

“I can’t tell you why, sir. Doctor Jameson told me to get you before he would address all of us.” He led me to an underground conference room, where the rest of my cabinet was already waiting for me. 

“Ah, Mr. President. Please, come sit down.” Our nation’s top scientist gestured for me to take a seat. “We have a grave matter to discuss.” 

“What’s wrong, Jameson? Did the robots you designed fail to complete their mission?” I asked him. A deep sense of dread began to well up inside of me at the idea of our mission to rebuild coming to an end before it even started. 

“No. In fact, they succeeded so well that the entire planet has been completely restored.” He replied. 

“Then what’s the problem?” 

“The stasis pods we have been sealed in have kept us suspended for over two hundred thousand years.” He replied, solemnly. 

“What?! We were only supposed to be down here for a decade! How did you let this happen?!” I grabbed Jameson by his collar, hysterical. 

“Mr. President, calm down! We’re all just as shocked as you are.” Someone put their hand on my shoulder, calming me down. 

“Right, I’m sorry. I just find it hard to believe that we’ve been down here for so long...” I put my head in my hands. Would it even be possible to rebuild our country anymore? Has all of our former land already been taken over by someone, or something else?

“What are our options from here, Jameson?” The Vice President asked him on my behalf. 

“Well, according to our most recent scans of the planet, the surface is completely habitable. However, we have no indication of whether or not anyone or anything has settled above us.” Jameson directly addressed me. “I propose that we send a small expedition force up to see what has happened to the capital.” 

“Excellent idea, Jameson.” I immediately jumped on his proposal. “We will send an expedition force up to the surface, and I will personally lead it.” I stood up, taking charge of my administration like I did so many times before the Great Mistake. “General, do we have any able-bodied citizens willing to go with me?”

“Yes, we do, sir. I’ll notify the military bunker staff immediately.” The head general of our country’s military quickly excused himself to gather some soldiers together to go with me. 

“Excellent.” I smiled. “Maybe we really can still rebuild. While I’m away, Vice President Collins is in charge. Now, if you will excuse me, I must get ready...” I walked out of the conference room in a hurry, thinking about all the hypothetical and strange things that our expedition could run into on the surface...

Several hours passed, and I found myself standing on the elevator that would bring me and a small team of lightly armed special forces up to Earth’s surface.

“Gentlemen, what we are about to do today will determine the future of our people. We might be the first humans to set foot on Earth in hundreds of thousands of years. Our mission must succeed, lest we all die down here.” I gave a short speech. “So let’s get up there and begin our country again.” 

“Yes, sir!” The soldiers saluted me. 

“Godspeed, Mr. President...” The elevator operator sent us up. My heart began to pound with excitement as we ascended, eager to see new things and finally breathe fresh, non-polluted air after spending such a long time underground. 

I shielded my eyes from the bright sun, feeling its warmth on my face, and my jaw dropped at what I saw in front of me. A glistening, golden city lay in the middle of a bright blue field of grass, and it seemed to be bustling and full of life. Flying saucers were buzzing in and out of the city every second, and all around us, there were strange things that looked like people milling about. They looked human, but they all had glowing eyes and very white skin.

“Guys, I don’t think we’re in Washington anymore...”