"Whooo!!" I yelled out as I took another hit of the coke potion. 

I felt the effects of the potion quickly spread from my head to the rest of my body. I needed a little something to keep me going in this stressful time. 

"Babe, I need you to pack faster" I shouted to my girlfriend. She didn't appreciate being woken up and told to grab just the essentials, but she was my ride or die. I knew she would come with me wherever I ended up going.  We met because she ran the bar that was next door to my shop. We both lived in the room above her bar. I could see her giving me the evil eye, but I didn't say anything. I had to stay focused on finding all the gold I had kept hidden in various chests and nooks around the room. 

I hadn't explained to her why we suddenly had to leave in the middle of the night. I hadn't told her that I had been selling my wares to Monsters of the kingdom. How was I supposed to explain to her that our fancy lifestyle had been fueled by Orc hoards, Dragons, and Black Mages?

"Ok thats it, we need to leave now!" I shouted over her muffled protests. 

"But I havn't packed a comb... and I can't find my party shoes... and I..." I cut her off and pulled her to the exit. I could see the fires getting closer in the distance. The last deal had gone bad. Really bad. I was in the middle of the Mystic Woods selling a legendary sword to Mini Boss when the fucking adventurers came around. Those guys always fucking show up when you don't need them around. Fuck them. I had managed to sneak out of there without being noticed, but they killed Mini Boss and took the legendary sword. I had borrowed money from the Main Boss in the dungeon to fund the making of the legendary sword. Now his guys were coming to get back what they owed. 

I ran downstairs with my girlfriend. I didn't know how I was going to make it up to her. I ran through the door and ran right into... who else but the fucking adventurers again. 

"I need to buy some super potions" White Mage said to me. Fuck she was hot. If I wasn't with my girlfriend and she wasn't with that jackass Thief. 

"Shop's closed, can't you see the sign" I yelled back to her as I grabbed my stuff off the ground. 

"Look we're going to take down Main Boss and we used up our potions fighting Mini Boss. Can't you help us out please?" She said with big puppy dog eyes. I had a sudden burst of hope. Maybe this could be my way out. 

"Sure thing. What can I get you?" I said. 

I fucking hated the adventurers, but sometimes they could be useful. 