“I need you to take this one for me newbie.” Said Beezlebub himself. “I’ve got my hands tied with this torture appointment today.” 

I realize now that my first day as a new ranking demon officer was going to have some twists, but I didn’t think a summon was going to be it. “A-alright sir, I’ll try my best.” 

“Oh come on Ned it’s easy.” The devil said, “all you have to do is ask her for her soul in exchange for what she wants, if she says no, you leave, if she says yes, you write her name down in this book.” Finishing, he threw a notebook at me, catching it I realized it was made of human skin. Bound and stretched like it was leather, but there was quite obviously the shape of a nostril on it. 
I bade him goodby as I stepped into the portal to the summoners residence. Stepping through I had no idea what I was in for, but I tried to remain calm and keep my wits about me. 

When I stepped out, I witnessed a rather peculiar sight. It was a young girl of maybe, 15. Certainly this is against even hell’s standards right? 
“Ahem, ah, hello.” I said in my best demon voice. 
“Oh, I didn’t realize I had worked.” She said raising to her feet. She was shaking, like something was bothering her. “I’m Katrina, nice to me you!” She held her hand out. 

Instinctively I took it and shook her hand. “Well, this is a bit awkward.” I said releasing her hand from my grasp, “but aren’t you a bit young to perform a blood sacrifice?” I looked at this young girl, hoping to talk some sense into her before she sold me her soul. I’m not a monster l, though most people think demons like me are. 

“I know, I know, but I just can’t stay here any longer. I need help!” She said tears welling up in her eyes. 

I tried calming her down as best as I could when I don’t understand the situation. “Isn’t there a friend you could call?” I said, “I really should be going-“ 

Before I could finish my sentence there was a loud banging on this young girls bedroom door. 
“Oh, no.” She whispered. 

The door swung open, knocking against the concrete walls of the basement, and down the stairs trudged a a man with a large beer gut. 
“Katrina, I told you to be quiet!” He slurred almost falling on the last step. “Remember what happened last time you didn’t listen to me? If your mother was still here she would be furious!” He swung at her, but missed and fell flat on his face. 

I pointed to him, “is that what this is about?” I said. 

Katrina nodded, almost convulsing. “Yes, I don’t know what to do, my mom died 3 months ago and it’s just been getting worse and worse.” 
I looked at her, feeling awful. “Do you have any other family?” I asked.

Through her sniffling she nodded. “Yes, I have my aunt, but she couldn’t take me.” 

Immediately I came up with a solution. “Alright, here’s what we’ll do, but it involves losing your dad, for good.” I looked at her, knowing this wasn’t the right thing to do but it’s the only way I could help her. 

She stared at me dumbfounded for a while, obviously thinking about it. “It’s okay.” Was all she said. 

With that, I claimed my soul. “Call the ambulance, it’s futile, but they will be able to get you to your aunt.” 

Looks like I’m getting a good review this quarter! 