The world is at last within my memories, like so many others before me. Jacob, who had been with me our since meeting at a flea market in Bangladesh, had been a great companion and friend during our travels. Getting off the plane, I knew this was it. He would finally be home and I would have completed today's rite of passage. Exiting the plane I sighed a great breath, images of the past year strobing through my head at once. The achievement seemed too huge to have completed in just one year, but now looking back, it felt like yesterday that I was leaving Chicago with a backpack on my shoulder and my head held high. Jacob had been living in Bangladesh doing volunteer work for impoverished citizens and so happened to finish his obligations just as I came into town. Our towering bodies and light skin in the crowd made it easy to see each other over the busy merchants prodding the hungry patrons along the path. I drifted toward him through the sea of people, hoping to make a new friend, as I often did during my travels to different countries. I discovered that he was planning to travel before returning home and from there, we went on our way. At the end of the exit ramp I turned back to see Jacob smiling ear to ear. He had talked about this place. The warm weather, the beaches, and most of all his family who he hadn't seen in nearly three years. I matched his pace and we headed for baggage claim. Jacob had bought a leather trunk from our last stop in Rabat, it was filled with small area rugs and fabrics from Morocco, which proved to be quite heavy as we lifted it from the carousel and made our way to sliding glass exit doors. 

As soon as they opened, a deafening roar opened in front of us. Jacob was immediately mobbed by several young kids and a crying woman who I knew instantly to be his mother and siblings. The trunk plopped on the ground and Jacob embraced them all with his hands, looking each of them in the eyes. I knew this was where it was to end for us. He was home and I was looking forward to spend the next week off my feet at a resort on the ocean 30 minutes from the airport. He stood up, turned to his mother and hugged her. The kids clambored onto the trunk and poked st their eldest brother still, speaking endearing Portuguese and throwing a curious glance to me from time to time during the excitement. When his mother let go he introduced me in his tongue, they smiled and belched practiced hellos to me in which I returned. He turned back to them and ushered them to the curb where we loaded the trunk into the back of a light green van. Jacob threw his pack into the back, and closed the doors. As his family got into the van, I noticed a man just off to the side of the sliding glass doors. He was staring, curiously in our direction. He was tall, white haired with a handlebar moustache and wore a light blue blazer over a polished ensemble of whites and crème colored choices. His shoes, the same light cloud blue as his jacket. He flashed a smile just as   Jacob opened the passenger side door and turned to me to say "Paul, are you sure you don't want a ride to the resort? It's not any trouble at all."
"Thanks Jacob, but I'm really okay" I replied. He had been nagging me since I told him of my spa getaway as a reward for my accomplishments. "Okay man, but if you get bored down at that 5 star joint, give me a call. After the jet lag of course." With that we hugged and as his van pulled away I lit a cigarette to calm my nerves. I felt many things. I'd seen a lot. But all I could think of was my journey. The thought of going back home to Chicago began to give me anxiety. I puffed the cigarette and turned around to walk towards to ash bin. Nobody was near, or so I thought. As I dashed the bud out onto the tray, I felt two hands wrap around my shoulders from behind. It was quick and strong, I looked down to see light blue sleeves. Panic rose in me and suddenly in my left ear, the words ringing loudly and clearly. "Atlantis unlocked" 

I don't think I was out for long. A woman panting nervously by my body on the ground next me was elated to see me come to my senses. I cautiously got up and asked over and over what happened. She ushered me to a bench nearby and sat me down. My vision seemed blurry, out of focus and desaturated. I couldn't think of a medical reason for this happening to me. The last thing I remembered was seeing Jacob go and then feeling... something. I opened my eyes wider to try and expel the effects me, but nothing cleared my vision. I begged the woman to leave me be, even though I was still groggy. When I lit a cigarette she back away. I sat staring at the ground looking at the trees and the cars passing by here in front of the terminal. None of them looked at I remembered. Most of the cars seemed gray and washed out. The tail lights glowing a very feint white, burning not nearly as bright as they should during this evening dusk. I was genuinely confused. I pieced together that I feinted, but felt no effects other than my vision. I thought it could be brain damage, but I did feel fine. I felt my head and my neck and that's when I remembered those hands. The hands that came from behind with the airy sky blue sleeves and the... the... stone cuff links. I looked around for the man who I'd seen, but he wasn't in sight. I got up and walked down the busy terminal pick up and made my way around the corner, my vision still blurry and grey. And then, in the distance a bright neon blue car. It was the only thing colored in my sights. Looking back now, I can say that it felt like the car was mine. It was meant for me. I didn't know how to explain it, but on approaching the car and seeing that it was a new Tesla model, I couldn't resist not entering the car when the doors unlocked right before my wide and astonished eyes. I got in, shut the door and didn't even feel the engine glide to life. The wheel moved and and I sat in amazement. "Welcome Paul and congratulations. Atlantis is unlocked. Confirm travel authorization?" The voice was metallic and female. "Yes" I said with no hesitation. The car whipped out of the lot and into the crowded street on autopilot. I couldn't believe my eyes. 

The city of Buenos Aires was on the Atlantic, and the view was astounding. It would have been better had the trees and buildings had color to them. In fact, I found myself sitting in silence searching for color like I had seen of the car. Looking through the windshield, I saw that the car no longer glimmered in a neon blue. It was Grey like everything else. I was pleased to feel my vision sharpening. Things were becoming clearer and I could focus on things like distance and detail. Then I focused on something that caught my attention. It was in the distance. Very far in the distance. Past the coastline and beaches and straight onto the horizon. It was glowing, gold and aqua marine beams of light dancing over the ocean line. The car peaked over a large hill coming to the ocean city limits, and I could see this sight just slightly better. More colors of jasmin and mulberry fluttered through the distance of the coast of Buenos Aires. As we wanted the bay, I looked around at the grey world around me. Grey faces and shops and life inhabited every inch around us. I remember feeling proud of being in a Tesla. But I also remember nothing remarkable about the drive to the dock. In fact, nobody looked my direction or at the car at all. It was something that I'd thought they'd notice, but never once did I see anyone glare at me in the sought after Telsa. I learned why when I got out and shut the door to see that the Tesla was maybe not a Tesla at all, but a beat up coupe with a rear tire low on air. Before I could open the door to double check that I was, in fact, riding in an expensive climate controlled, fully automated luxury car for the past half hour, it locked its doors and rolled away. 

I turned around to see the colors before me in the distance. A dock below harbored boats and small wooden rafts. The collage of illumination called to me unlike any other sight I had ever seen, even in all of my travels around the world. The car mentioned Atlantis, at least I thought it had. Didn't the man? Could this be the aura of Atlantis? I was perplexed as all when I looked toward the dock where I immediately fixed my gaze upon a familiar face with a hint of color to it. His suit was glowing a light sky blue and his grey hair was blowing slightly in the sea breeze. He looked to me and smiled. My body seized up at that point. He motioned to me with his hand and waved, then pointing to his left where a large sailboat tied to the post was bobbing under a dim dock lamp. I noticed it too had a light blue aura to it. My body, still tense with the unnatural occurrence of events, loosened as I looked to the lights in the distance. They glittered, intertwined in the horizon over the dark grey sea, captivating me into a trance. I looked back toward the sailboat and the grey haired man, his hands waving me down once more. They all seemed connected. The man to the boat and the boat to the cascade of lights in the distance, as if the boat itself wore the colors of the distant display in its aura. Approaching gave me butterflies in my stomach, I didn't know why my legs kept shuffling toward the man. He smiled as I closed in and asked one question, "You ready?" I couldn't possibly have been ready for what was to come. 

