The halls of heaven.  Pastor Buck had dreamt of it all his life. The city itself was all he had imagined – and more.  The streets were, as the book said, all paved with gold. All the walls he saw were garnished with all manner of precious stones.  He had walked through a dozen gates, each made of pearl. The gates had been wide open, for who would even think of challenging the foreboding angels who guarded them. Walking through all of them he had finally reached this palace of light, the halls of heaven. The ambassador of earth to god. Not bad for a small town country kid from the heart of Iowa. 

“Earth!”, Pastor Buck heard a loud voice calling. He turned around to the resplendent soldier of god and showed his credentials. “Peter Buck, human, Ambassador of Earth. You are late. Your seat’s there. Go quickly, the conference is about to start”, the sergeant said. Pastor Buck, nodded quietly and shuffled quickly, to take his place in the round table. The round table was populated by sentient creatures of all worlds. These were the creatures of myth he had grown up reading about --the Centaurs from Alpha Centauri, Cerberai of Cannis Major, the Typhons of Orion. All of god’s creatures great and small. Except they all had a look of oneness among them, a look of someone who had been beaten down again and again. 

God spoke with a thundering voice “It has far been too long my children. You know why you have been called here.” He looked at them with a withering eye “the tributes you have sent have been inadequate. You will double it for the next three thousand year, or will no longer receive my mercy”.

 “Again?!” the Cerberus protested, “But we’ve emptied our mines of Jasper, our people are starving, the pups do not see a futur --”. “Silence!” the guard behind him roared. Everyone froze – it was a dragon. Three thousand years back, they all had received God’s messengers and had submitted to the will of God. The messengers had provided the charm, but it had been the dragons that had put the fear of God in them.

God went from world to world, and got their consent, a few protested, but not too loudly, for who did not accept god. Then he reached Earth’s place, and said, “I see that you worship me with great fervor, but it appears that no tribute has come. I would have acted earlier, but a thousand of your years is but a moment for me. What happened? Was not Christ able to build the spaceships? Your tribute will be ten thousand tons of gold each year for the next thousand years”.  Pastor Buck replied “My lord, we will not”. “You cannot!?”, God roared, “I will ask Christ to raze you to the ground with the Dragons”. Peter Buck replied “I said we will not. The dragons are dead. We killed them. As for your son … the next person you send will face the same fate.“. He took out his crucifix, and laid it in front of god. As God’s face turned ashen, Peter Buck of Iowa got up and left the hall, walking away from the light ...