Everyone likes a story where there are unequivocally powerful objects in the universe right? Everyone wants to be the protagonist, everyone wants to experience what a world like that is like. They use the artifacts to fight back the bad guys or they want to use the artifacts to establish dominion over the universe or some napoleon complex BS. Yeah well lucky me, I got all of that except for one tiny, tiny, detail. Yeah one of those objects is my dumb ass.

Yep that's right folks, all 6'1" and 154 pounds of 2.7 GPA lanky teenager is the most powerful of them all. Of course I didn't know that, why would I think that? I was just a kid fresh out of high-school, I was looking for colleges and college girls not trying to find out my origins through [ancestry.com](https://ancestry.com), why would I? Though come to think of it I wonder how accurate that little DNA test would have been anyway. So lets talk about what happened shall we?

Now, you know that poem that says the world ends not with a bang but with a whisper? or.... whimper.... or.... Ok I don't remember it too well either but we'll go with whisper because it's accurate to my story and that's all that matters. It was a Monday evening, I was just walking home from my friend Kyle's house after a day of binge watching anime, and playing Counter Strike. 

*"Yil'van, Yil'van, we are coming...."*

I stopped dead.

I just heard that, no, *thought* that or was it.... in my head?

*"We are coming for you, you will reclaim your mantle...."*

"What the fu-" I stopped, noticing as lady with a stroller coming up along side me to go around me on the side walk, but I was sure now, that voice I heard was coming from inside my skull and it was setting me on edge. Because it didn't feel like the echo you hear in movies or the presence of a foreign being making noise in your head like you read in books, it felt like my thoughts just conjured those words up from nothing. As if suddenly I no longer had control of what my mind did. Which is why instead of going home I hooked a u-turn and bolted to the nearest safe place I could think of, my uncle's house, well my late uncle's house. He died recently in an avalanche while out on one of his trips to the Rockies, he had been going back and forth from home to the mountains a lot lately. But I wasn't worried that no one would be home, it was my fathers house now as he inherited it due to the fact that my uncle was alone, though given how odd he was I wasn't surprised.

So I trample up onto this rickety wooden porch and pull the key from the top of the door, which was covered in webs at this point, shoved it in the lock and went inside. Immedietly flopping down into my favorite lounge chair to collect my thoughts.

"Ok, Ok, Thoughts in your head, probably just imagined it, perfectly normal." Breath came in, breath went out. Heart rate started to lower, I felt like myself again.

"Knock knock." I said and my mouth went agape. Because no sooner had I said that there was someone who hit two raps of the knuckles on the front door. Getting up to the hole to see who was there I saw only the slightly distorted figure of a tall man with silver hair wearing a black suit and green tie. Deciding it was alright, I started to open the door.

See, my thought process usually is, '*no weapons, no danger*' Which I firmly believe is an amicable way of thinking however I was not prepared for was about to happen, because once I opened the door I saw the man had jet black eyes with a sick light in them, paired with an even sicker smile as he looked at me and the thoughts started to pour in again.

*"Hello Malvos' Son, I've been looking for you a very long time."* 

My natural reaction was to cover my ears because the thoughts somehow became *deafening*. so much so that I couldn't move or think for myself, I was useless to my own survival. Luckily though right as the man went to reach for me, his hand suddenly fell to the ground and the thoughts choked off in what I can only describe as.... *surprise?*

The man looked at his stump anger started flickering in those eyes along with confusion but it all melted away into fear he looked to his right and just as he did I saw a flash of silver and the man crumpled to dust.

Yeah dust, like not even cool gold dust, just attic dust, in a mound, on my dead uncles porch. But I wasn't concerned with that I was more concerned at what scared the well dressed asshole. Right as I shifted focus a woman came into view.

I say came into view, I mean *Shimmered* into view, as if the heat waves you see off the pavement on hot days just formed him in front of my very eyes. The she was incredible to see, however, she had marble white skin with silver eyes and a spotless white coat that was slung over one shoulder and a small crimson insignia that wrapped her hand.

I must have been staring because she sighed and asked, "What? Never seen a woman before are you just naturally dumbfounded by the opposite sex?"

Well that shook me out of whatever I was in as I could feel heat in my face from being an idiot. "Yeah, no, sorry it's been one of those days." I scratched the back of my head trying to regain composure.

She stood there expectantly as if waiting to come in until I realized that was exactly what she was trying to communicate to me without actually saying it. "Oh yeah sorry come in, and thanks."

She waved off the gratitude and stepped inside taking a moment to look around constantly fidgeting her free hand until she finally sat down, in my favorite chair. I wasn't gonna raise a fuss though, she just possibly saved my life and she was pretty daunting to be around despite her size I could just feel that fact that I could die at any moment. So I sat down across from her and asked the question that had been bugging me all day.

"What the fuck is going on?"

She broke into laughter as if it were the funniest thing she had heard in her life, it was oddly successful at putting me at ease. Ending off the outburst with a sigh she looked at me with a bit less intensity and answered my very question, and left me with many many more questions.

"Your name is Yil'van, your custodians named you Oliver so you would have a name that didn't draw suspicion in this world, look I can already see the dumb questions your forming, don't interrupt me until I'm finished." I immediately closed my opening mouth.

"Your uncle's name is Val'fas, he is Keeper, his task was to collect the most powerful artifacts in the universe and he died in the midst of trying to do just that, the avalanche he suffered was no accident. He collected the largest aggregate of artifacts the Lothvein has ever seen, we are sad to see him go. However his greatest success ever was you. Yil'van son of Malvos, are the most powerful thing since creation. You are the Nexus, and I am the Protectorate as such my one and only goal from this point forward is keep you from harm. My name is Lillian, it's nice to meet you."