A faint light shone through the crack underneath the heavy oaken doors. It alternated between all the colours of the rainbow. Erafel knew it signified the culmination of over one thousand years of hard labour.

‘Others will see it and call it an abomination.’ Master Itchen said.

‘I know, but it isn’t. Not to me.’ Emotion gathered in his throat. He swallowed it with difficulty. ‘To me it’s the very essence of what it means to be human: To surpass our creator, to become the creator ourselves.’

The old master smiled and asked: ‘Are you ready to play your part?’

Erafel breathed in deeply and contemplated his surroundings and what was to come.

Around them acolytes and masters alike hastily walked through the subterranean corridors. All of them too swept up in their own tasks to pause and soak in the grandeur of the approaching creation. There were no grandmasters among them. They were all beyond the door.

The torches that lined the hallway cast moving shadows upon his master’s face, giving it even harder characteristics. Many of the other young acolytes feared Itchen. His imposing stature, even though he was sixty already, and fire kissed face had earned him the nickname: “The Hound of the Cave”. Yet Erafel had only known him as “father”.

As was tradition in The Community every new-born child was assigned to a young master, who had to care for it. This to avoid blood relations getting in the way of what had to be done. And what had to be done was awaken the beast.

‘Yes, I am ready.’

The outside world had always been hostile to those sought to reach beyond what was acceptable. The Community wasn’t like that. It devoted itself completely to progress. And so much of that had been made in the past centuries. Now the ultimate goals: breaking free from the belly of the mountain, reclaiming the outside world and once again lighting the flame of advancement, were within reach.

‘Grab the orb and follow me.’ Itchen said. His tone had shifted into the one he used at the most important of occasions.

The doors were a little over thirty feet away and the orb made from multiple, rotating layers of precious metals and a milky glass core would start to become heavy soon. It didn’t matter to Erafel, a little physical discomfort was a small price to pay for mental and spiritual enlightenment.

As they approach the large wooden doors everyone around them stopped. The doors opened without them even touching them, saturating the hallway with colourful light. Erafel closed his eyes and let himself be guided by the sound of his master’s cane hitting the granite tiles under their feet.

When he heard the doors close behind him he opened his eyes again. To his surprise he wasn’t immediately blinded. The glowing lights he had seen earlier had disappeared and before him stood the twelve grandmasters.

‘Welcome, young Erafel. Your acceptance of your destiny humbles us all.’ Said Aytros, the oldest and wisest of the grandmasters. ‘Please take your place in the centre of the circle. Then proceed to raise the orb over your head and await our further instructions.’

Erafel’s heart had started beating faster while listening to the grandmaster. As he took the first step, the group of twelve split in two, creating a path deeper into the massive chamber. At the end of the gigantic open space he saw it. The beast.

It was over forty-five feet long and had massive wings folded against its body. He could only imagine what their span might be. A thin split tongue protruded from the beast’s mouth and rhythmically licked its scaled lips.

Mesmerized and completely unaware of his surroundings, Erafel walked on. Only the slight rise of the circle in front of the beast pulled him away from the dreamlike state by almost tripping him.

The beast opened its eyes, revealing bright orange irises regarding him with caution.

‘It’s okay. I’m not here to hurt you.’ He said reassuringly.

It didn’t react in any meaningful way, but the beast righted itself, showing off the strong muscles under its scale-clad hide.

Erafel felt dumb for saying such a stupid thing. As if such a creation would ever fear the likes of him. He raised it orb into the air and heard the grandmasters start to sing. He couldn’t make out what they were saying. He had never heard sounds like those before. The only thing he could make out was “Iri Qsi Sha”. They kept on repeating it. It must be the beast’s name, he thought.

After about a minute of chanting the orb started to heat up and glow. A loud burst and a visible shockwave sprang from the orb, enraging Iri Qsi Sha. It roared and started moving towards the circle.

‘It’s going to eat the orb. It’s going to eat the orb.’ Erafel said to himself, as if it would protect him.

To his surprise the jaws of the beast closed around his waist. Gently at first, but the pressure mounted rapidly.

‘Hey! Somebody help me!’ He shouted. Nobody responded.

As the pain became too great he dropped the still glowing orb into the mouth of the beast. Hoping that would make it drop him. He was wrong. His voice gave out as he screamed. Moments before he lost consciousness, he felt his legs separate from his body

&#x200B;

The twelve grandmasters regarded the bloody spectacle with interest.

‘You have made the ultimate sacrifice, *Grand*master Itchen. Now the unwilling will suffer the same fate.’ Aytros said to Itchen.

Itchen nodded rapidly, if only to shake away the tears in his eyes.

The beast roared, releasing a cloud of brightly coloured fire from its mouth.

‘So they will.’ Itchen echoed.