Necromancy. The blackest Art and one that will probably land me in the Executor's prison, if the strain doesn't kill me first. 

Don't misunderstand, it's not like four hundred years ago when you'd be hung, drowned, drawn and quartered and then burned. Practitioners are exceedingly valuable and Necromancy is prized in its own way - only I didn't want to get stuck resurrecting people on short term for the constables or keeping some wealthy prick around for a few more decades. 

I can see from the look in your eyes that you don't understand, you think I'm one of those hacks that makes Walkers. Let me break it down for you: Necromancy is the art of manipulating dead tissue. An inexpensive quartz focus, a whisper of power and *BAM* you have yourself a Walker; They're cheap, they're easy to create and they don't need many of the niceties that living bodies do. That's why the Pan-Asian coalition is so fond of them, you take some political prisoners add a dash of cyanide, a pinch of necromancy and now you've got an army of unthinking, unfeeling automatons that will do as commanded for twenty hours of the day. Feed them nearly anything, let them drop for four hours and they're back to work. 

Hell, a semi-skilled Necromancer can even make working ones out of a pile of body parts - just don't expect them to last very long. Oh, and don't forget to feed 'em - we've all read the books and seen the videos, so let's leave it at "Zombies are Bad".

At least there's something to be said for that kind of work. There's an honesty to just making Walkers - you're not even trying to pretend they're really alive again. The guys and gals that work for the cops or keep celebrities and CEOs upright and making money, these are the folks that everyone is so leery of. Sure they're well-paid and *respected* in their own way but they're sill necromancers. 

As in "Jim's a great guy, but I wouldn't want my daughter dating him". 

You're not going to ask "Why?". Okay fine, but I'll fill it in for you anyway. 

Magic, any Magic requires a... ah, let's call it a 'psychic investment' by the Practitioner to make it work for more than walking and following simple instructions. The more complex a creature, the harder it is to bring it back in 'like new' condition. The part no one - and I mean *no one* - will tell the public at large is that the mental strain of bringing people back, and I mean *really* back is unsustainable in most cases, we'll get into that in a minute. 

The folks that work with the cops? They make a limited one-time investment to get information. The lights come on, they can talk for a few hours or days and sometimes even be kept for a few months. But eventually The lights go out - bringing someone *really* back is hard, especially when that person knows they're supposed to be dead and have to face the person who killed them. Same thing for those Practitioners that work on celebrities, CEOs and so forth, sure they advertise that the person is as good as new - but everyone has that thought in the back of their head: Are they really back? 

Here's the thing: Most of the time, they're not. The body's sat there for too long, it's too damaged or there's no will to live on the part of the person being brought back. 

It's understandable to be creeped out by someone who's basically making meat puppets.

Then there's the problem that Necromancy is usually a one-time thing when it comes to bringing a *person* back, it has to do with that 'investment' I was talking about. If you don't believe in what you're doing it doesn't work, you get one of those half-alive hack-jobs like that talk-show host from last year. You know the one. Because his agent cut corners and went with a third rate wannabe, he only came part way back. He could walk and talk, even come up with new material. You knew it though, so did I. 

Now that brings us to you and me. You've probably guessed by now that I'm for shit as a doctor - that's why they have me unplugging people like you. So my erstwhile colleagues don't ruin their numbers. Here's the thing: You're lucky - or maybe unlucky - enough to have a closet Necromancer as a doctor. You have a... a unique opportunity here. I can bring you back, I mean *really* bring you back. The type  of injury you've suffered is called a partial internal decapitation - yes I can see you rolling your eyes, I'm sure one of the other doctors here have given you a full speech about the way this works so I won't bore you further. You're not getting off that bed without a Physiomancer. At least not alive. But we're also lucky, there's a lot of swelling and the imaging isn't clear - we have room for a miracle.

I believe, you're not supposed to be here. I believe that, that's my part of this almost done.   

You were struck by a rather wealthy, extremely intoxicated man. He is currently several floors above us getting his broken wrists and hearing damage from the airbag healed up by our resident Phisiomancer; that self-righteious prick will probably even Heal his hangover. His lawyers are already filing motions to prevent you from suing for the same kind of Physiomantic care. Your HMO has already refused any extension to your care and your spouse will not be able to raise the kind of funds to keep you on life support while the layers battle this out in court. 

So here's what's going to happen: 

I'm going to turn off the machines. You are going to die. 

Whether or not you stay that way is up to you. 

You need to choose - that's the trick to this whole business. I can make your body walk and talk, that's no great difficulty. But to get *you* back, you need to want to stay; otherwise I just bring back a shell - and I don't do hack jobs.

So.  

Blink once for yes. 

Blink twice for no.



 