A cup.

That's what it was this time.

A goddamn cup.

"Wow," I thought to myself. "How anticlimactic." Ever since I was about 10 years old I had known about my ability after I read some old book out loud and made a pure silver sword appear in front of me. It was a very strange and confusing thing, I had absolutely no idea why it happened but after around the second time I started to get an idea. 

The second time I was probably around, what 16, 17? I was just speaking gibberish as a gag with some of my friends when all the sudden, a fish fell straight from the ceiling. No ordinary fish though, this was probably a bass that weighted over 30 pounds, I dont really know because I dont know jack about fish. But everyone was pretty freaked out about it, myself included. Since we were all outside I managed to convince everyone that it fell from a plane or something and we called the police to investigate. And that was the last I heard of that.

I spent the next few years trying to piece everything together until I finally concluded that I was casting some sort of spells by saying some random unknown words. It was the only explanation I had because none of it made any sense at all. I decided to test my theory by learning as much as I possibly could about phonetics so that I could just say very strange complicated words. Every night I would just lie on my bed and say the most random stuff. I was just starting to lose hope and thinking it was stupid when the third thing happened. I really wish I had recorded it or something because the shock causes you to just kind of forget what you said. But wow, this may have been the best one yet. It was about 3 bars of 99.99999% pure gold. *Pure* gold. I sold it off for about $20,000. And its probably been the best thing that ever happened to me.

That's why I was so mad when the fourth thing happened. What happened was basically, while watching some of The Office on TV, I had a particularly nasty cough brewing up inside me. I coughed and holy hell, was it strong. It hurt so bad I just curled up in a ball and cried.

That was when I head the plastic sounding clunk on the table. There was a brand new red plastic cup sitting on my table. I just sat there in disbelief at what had just happened. My incredible ability to do literally anything had just been used to make a plastic cup on my table. At least I know what I said that time, something like 'Đəánñqœff' 

so I guess I can get free cups now.

Edit: wording 