The pain is immense. It always was. 

I had lived this life millions of times, and it was always the same. 

The doctors telling me there was no cure to the disease eating me away. 

My wish to be able to live forever. 

The gifts are always nice, but I have played with everything they could possibly bring me millions of times. 

The love and hugs and tears my parents share are the same, but after all these years i find myself unable to cry about the death I shall soon experience. 

Then comes the last days of my life. The toys and candy and gifts slowly stop coming as my parents run out of money. 

I can see the lines in my moms face as the stress builds as she worries about losing her miracle baby. 

I can see the scars on my dads hand as he works increasingly more dangerous jobs to pay for the hospital bills. 

These always hurt the worst, even worse then the physical pain the cancer causes.

And then, I finally die. 
The first time I died, it took a year. A whole year of struggling against the disease to survive. 

The second time it took me longer. I remember promising myself that this time I would live. God had given me a second chance. God had given me the chance to fight harder then before, to survive this time. 

I was wrong, I did not survive. The only thing that changes was how my mother stopped showing up to hold me. Then my father began smelling of alcohol whenever he came to visit me. Then one day when it was late he slowly slid a pillow over my face. I did not have the strength to struggle, i was to weak from fighting the disease day in and day out. 

That time, I could only hear his broken sobs. His cries of," You'll see mommy soon little one" as my brain shut off from lack of oxygen.

In a way he was right, I would see mommy soon. 

Since then I've given up hope, my deaths come quicker and quicker as I stop fighting. 

For a time, I would kill myself so I might save mommy and daddy the pain of watching me pass slowly from this world. But now I don't even bother. 

Whats the point of this existence that I have been cursed with, whats the point of doing anything when I'm simply going to die.

