I have always been what you would call lucky. My luck was as plain as the number on my face. I have a whole 100 freckles. On the day I was born, Lady Luck kissed my cheek 100 times. My brother, born with 64 freckles, would tease me that most of mine were dirt or insect bites. When I slept, he would color in between sets of closely spaced freckles, to make two appear as only one. Or he would he would play connect-the-dots to make a picture of a lower number. But despite these trivial annoyances, I grew up the luckiest person anyone I met had ever heard of. Until one day I wasn't.

One minute I was enjoying a BBQ at the park, and the next I was being manhandled into the back of a police car. Somehow I then found myself on trial for the crime of stealing luck. And an hour after he banged his gavel, all 100 of my freckles were behind bars with me at Co-Farm Supermax Prison.

But stealing luck isn't even a real thing! It's like alchemy. Or penis enlargement. Or finding the waters of eternal life. Just a pretty fairy tale. People want to believe it is possible. Some people are so desperate to believe that they fool themselves into listening to the stories. I guess that judge was one of those people. After all, he only had 16 freckles. He managed to become a judge in spite of his lack of luck, though. (Never forget you can make your own luck!) Obviously I will appeal the ruling, but it will take time. And of course the first argument I must make is that my freckles are not stolen. But how else could a person with 100 freckles be so unlucky as to be in this cell? I asked my cellmate this question, and he just laughed. I had been so caught up in my own disbelief I hadn't noticed his face. It had 100 freckles.

After a day behind bars, I had learned that every person in CFS had 100 freckles. All the inmates, and all the staff. Hundreds of the world's luckiest people were all trapped in the unluckiest of places, in an impenetrable steel and concrete bunker, buried far underground. It had been converted from a huge government-owned nuclear fallout shelter. Escape was impossible. Most of us were locked away on false charges. What had happened to our luck? Each inmate was as confused as the next. We could not begin to fathom why our luck had suddenly failed. 

Luckily, we were not left wondering long. The virus spread quickly aboveground, and immediately wiped out anyone with fewer than 90 freckles. Those that remained alive out in the free world were forced to flee in terror from the shambling rotting victims of the plague who had succumbed to the disease. While they fought for their lives, those of us inside CFS were completely safeguarded from the virus and the after-effects. Eventually every person outside the prison had died from the virus or from unsuccessfully fighting off carriers of the disease. Then as luck would have it, the prison security system died, and we were all set free. Perhaps our false arrest wasn't so unlucky after all. 

