These past few weeks haven’t been easy. Sleeping has been easy. It’s just the dreams I’ve been having and who’s been in them that’s been bothering me. I haven’t thought about him since college. I had a crush on him since high school that lasted into college. Ollie. I can’t believe that he’s been in my dreams because that time in ninth grade I was obsessed about him. I figured time would change things, twenty years, which is TWO decades, but I don’t think he’s left my mind because I most definitely dreamt about him last night. 

He was my first crush. My first real crush. An infatuation - a label given to make sure it’s a one-sided longing. We watched movies together (in my dreams from the past two weeks), we traveled, we saw kangaroos in Australia, we made sure we were home by sunset in Atlanta because we were excited to spend nights together. This and more is what I dreamt of. I still don’t understand why he’s come back (albeit in my dreams). 

I haven’t had seafood in a while. Let’s see if Sam wants to have a late lunch there today. 
“Hey.”
“Heyyyy girl….what’s up!” Sam answers the phone so gayly.
“I’m hungry.”
“Oh good. Me too!” 
Sweet. Let’s see if he’s down for seafood…”Wanna eat at that place off Wickerhide Lane? The new place next to that video game store…Sir Lobs? Have you heard of it?”
“Oh yeah. I heard it’s good!” Phew. Sam’s in. He can be a bitch sometimes. Yay! Fooooood.
“Ok let’s meet at 4:30? 5?”
“Ok. See you there.” 

I pull up and see he’s waiting in his car. In the heat. Sigh. I apologize for being late, hug him, and we walk into Sir Lobs. 
“It feels good in here doesn’t it? The air is heaven-sent, S!”
“Yeah, you’re right. Oh look, they have an aquarium with lobsters and little fish in it. Ha ha. Poor things.” I wonder if Sam’s hungry. He can’t get his eyes off the ‘water-meat’.

We walk to sit at our table and I think I notice…

Ollie. Ollie? What? 

Okay…and he’s with this “pretty” girl. And Ollie? What? I JUST dreamt about him! 

I haven’t moved. Sam’s walked up to and is seated at a table about 6 or 7 feet from me but I haven’t moved. I’ve frozen stiff in place, with one leg in mid-air, and my head tilted to the left STARING at OLLIE and a “pretty” (actually beautiful) girl. 

“Ricky?” 

Ollie’s turned to face me and he’s looking AT me and his mouth his moving and I’m not responding and I feel I should say something.

“Yeaaaah….Rickyyyy….You remember….O-l-lie?”

“Yeah! Hey how are you man? Long time!”

“I’m okay…and yeah it’s been a while. Are you still living in…?”

“Yep, I still am. Just visiting here for a conference-work thing. You live here?”

“Yeah…I still can’t believe. Ha ha.” I laugh. A little too loudly. 

“Ha ha! What?” He’s looking at me probing me.

“Oh it’s just that you’ve been in my dreams lately.” WHAT THE… I did not just say that. OMG. AAAAAAAAH.

He’s quiet and just…not saying anything. He looks away for a second, sighs. “Oh. Yeah. That is funny. Oh it was good seeing you! Let’s meet up sometime!”

I nod, smile, and turn to walk away but I see he’s has pink elephants on his shorts. I think I had seen pink flamingos and elephants in a zoo in my dream with him. It could have been pink elephants. Was it? This is so trivial but I know it’s going to bug me for LIFE. 

Sometimes making sense of everything that happens just makes everyday life more messed up that it should be. So let’s just say this is something weird that happened in a small interval of my life and making sense of it is just going to drive me crazy.