When I first realized my ability, my initial thought was, of course, mischief. I might have gone through with it, but I remembered countless sleepless nights and restless days over ridiculous nightmares, and had a better idea.

You see, I'm Oneiromancer. I mean, not really, that word doesn't really exist, but people who can control other people's dreams aren't exactly known to be a thing either, so if I seem to be the first, might as well name it. Oneiromancer it is then. 

Now, as I said, I know I used to struggle with weird, unsettling dreams, waking insecurities I didn't know I had, making me paranoid about completely irrational things. My girlfriend slapped me and damn near broke up with me just because she dreamed I'd cheated on her; It took an entire morning to convince her it was just a dream. 

So I had a better idea than frightening or weirding people out. I couldn't top the weird creativity of one's own subconscious in terms of torturing you or creating nonsense anyway, but I could do some good. Give people some nice dreams, help them rest easy.

And that's what I did. At first.

&nbsp;

One night, I felt a dreamer in distress, as I had been practicing to find. Some awful nightmare, probably as unrealistic as most but with just enough realism to make them second-guess. I entered the dream, and observed. It was a weird dream of plumetting stocks, disappearing assets, fines with more figures than all my life's worth of earnings combined would have, then a director's board, stern looks, security... 

The dreamer was the head of a local company, the largest in the area to be precise. Some service provider for infrastructure. Known for ripping off people who depended on them, treating employees badly and competition worse. I first intended to help him, as usual, but a question crossed my mind: Is this man deserving of help? Will helping him make him a better boss?

So I took a different approach. 

I put him in the shoes of one of his workers. Managers towering miles high, numbers flying past him, stress, pressure, made him feel the weight of the company, with the shoulders of a simple man. His house wasn't paid off yet, bills had to be paid, his calculations for how much overtime he'd have to work to make ends meet, then pulled him into HR. Laid off, for not meeting unrealistic expectations.

He wanted to wake up, but I wouldn't let him. Sadistic? Maybe, but my work was not done yet.

I had him work for a start-up competitor. All the people there were friends, until the large company crushed the start-up under lawsuits, forced them to sell, then bought them up - and fired everyone, only to offer them employment contracts with shoddy benefits and shitty pay at the parent company. His debts had only grown greater.

It went on similar to this, until I was confident I had planted the right idea in his had. I had watched a movie some time ago, where people used dreams to plant ideas in someone's head - amateurs. They did it for business, and needed a lot more effort. I was going to use the same principle, but I was going to do good.

When I finally let him go, I decided to wake up myself. It was three in the morning, but this inspiration wouldn't let me go back to sleep. I had to do more.

&nbsp;

The next night, I had planned out a vast array of people and dreams. I had spent much of the day at work daydreaming to make sure I could imagine the situations and had them ready. I almost got written up for it, but my boss had been sleeping better the last few days and was feeling generous as a result, letting me off with a verbal warning. When the sun went down, I set about realizing my plans.

From then on, night after night, I explored people, figured out their demeanor, their motives and made a judgement. If they were good people, they got good dreams. If they were ruthless, selfish, tyrants, I selected my premade dream scenarios, tailored to their specific situation, and made them dream of their downfall, time after time brought about by their own traits or behaviors. 

I was a merciful god, but a god nonetheless. They would fare well or ill by my call alone, and my power was second only to my aspirations and hopes for a better world.

---

Then they appeared. At first it was sporadic, but I would encounter dreams I could not as easily change. I brushed it off as being a bit exhausted, or figure the dreamer was a bit stronger-willed themselves. But they began to appear more often. My powers had only grown with practice, I could alter regular dreams easier and more reliably, but these dreams seemed to get harder.

Eventually I noticed a pattern: The dreams I could not manipulate all shared certain details. There was an air of ambition, a focus on the dreamer's success, secondary characters always seemed faceless and grey, as if the mind turned no attention to them at all, the only exceptions were people who betrayed the dreamers. They always were some coworker, boss, friend. 

Then I saw them. There was always some dark presence just outside the field of vision. The dreamers didn't notice of course, and whenever his attention or view shifted, the presence would shift with it. But one day I finally got a hold on the presence, and suddenly I saw a person. Nobody I knew, and pretty sure nobody the dreamer knew either, judging from the confusion. The person seemed shocked, and within an instant, both the dream and the presence vanished, the lines of the face fading as quick as the memory of them.

For the first time in a while, I woke up bathed in sweat and unsettled. I was no longer alone. Or maybe I had never been? I couldn't remember having seen them before, but with dreams, that was never really a sure thing. Either way, I needed to hold on to the memory. I needed to see them again, find out who they are, and what they wanted.

I noted down the details I had noticed, then went to sleep once more, trying to find that presence again. Except this time, it found me.

&nbsp;

I found myself in my office, a document before me, all filled out and waiting for me to pass it on to the boss. It wasn't my work, my colleague had done it for me. Oddly, I couldn't associate a face with that colleague, despite knowing everyone in my office. My hands moved on their own, typing up an email, attaching the file, and writing in the body that I had completed the repots I had been asked to do. I was about to hit send when I caught on. I hadn't done them, and though I was the head of the office and the point of contact, passing it off as my work would have been wrong. 

I moved to alter the body of the mail, but something resisted me. Thoughts crept in, would it really hurt anyone if I claimed it was my own work? Would the colleague ever notice? If he did, he'd probably deleted it, he trusted me after all, so there was no way he could prove it had been his work. And really, I deserved the promotion, I'd done a lot of hard work, a bit of work I got credit for here or there would only be fair, seeing how much effort I put in without getting credit. I mean, the colleague has completed a lot of work with my help, seeing how just about everything here runs through me I'm really the most important person, so taking credit for this would be the right thing to do. Yes, it would be best to just send it like-

GOTCHA. I fixed the presence feeding me these thoughts from just outside my field of vision, dragging it out infront of me. It resisted, of course, but suddenly the dream was gone and there was a person before me. The face seemed familiar, though I couldn't place it. I immediately made note of all the details, wording a description and forming a memory before it could escape me. When the presence inevitably withdrew, I grabbed the paper and pen next to my bed, made a rough sketch and wrote down all the descriptory details I could remember. 

---

Next part is over the character limit, I'll post as a reply to this.