Part 1 | [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/jraywang/comments/68gmiy/humanity_the_warriors_without_magic_part_2/) | [Part 3](https://www.reddit.com/r/jraywang/comments/68ho7c/humanity_the_warriors_without_magic_part_3/) | [Part 4](https://www.reddit.com/r/jraywang/comments/68jcry/humanity_the_warriors_without_magic_part_4/)

---

The first to come were the ones that wanted our fire. They came from a sinkhole in the ocean that our scientists determined to be a mechanism much like a wormhole. Then came the ones that wanted our Earth. They crashed into our planet on a thousand meteorite-like vehicles made of a substance unknown to our universe. And at last, the ones who wanted our air and the ones who wanted our water. They came together from portals that eviscerated our poles. One for the south pole, the other for the north. Each had accomplished feats that had left our scientists baffled. And what was even more troubling--they all resembled humans.

We had tried greeting the ones who wanted our fire. We had sent them presents, precious metals, and the welcoming smile of our most expert convoys. They retaliated with a tsunami that wiped out Japan. It was magic, real magic. Something we had previously thought only existed in Hollywood and cartoons. With a few incantations, they could manipulate the water, the earth, even the air that we breathed. But they could not touch fire. So we gave them what they wanted. Napalm, incendiary bombs, hellfire missiles. They wanted our fire so bad? I hoped they like our gifts.

Things were desperate but humanity was always at its best when pushed to the edge. Then came the Earth-Takers. At first, we had thought they were here to aid us in the invasion. They seemed enemies to the Fire-Takers and as the old saying goes--*the enemy of my enemy...* But though they were quick to attack each other, they were even quicker to attack us. These new aliens, they wanted our earth. So we gave it to those bastards with steel-tipped bullets, titanium-plated tanks, and a kinetic bombardment of tungsten launched from our satellites.

By the times the portals opened in the north and south poles, we already knew what to do.

These aliens looked like us but that was where the similarities ended. Everything they had ever wanted they had accomplished through magic. What would've taken humans years to do, they could simply chant and incantation to do so.

Thank God we never fell into the folly of magic. They have no idea what it means to move mountains by hand, to  conquer the skies armed only with dirt and stone, to create the greatest weapons in our known universe because we were pushed that far into the corner. Aliens this weak would never snuff out humanity.

That I promise you.

---

Michelle's pen stopped at the period. The walls around her shook. Bits of dirt crumbled from the ceiling onto her desk. The lights swayed, dancing the shadows around her. She had spent all night on this letter. It was the last one she would ever write and the first aimed at humanity's next generation, the generation of soldiers who had never experienced an alien free Earth.

"Michelle," came a voice from behind.

She turned to see her First General, Paxon, his feet together, shoulders stiff, and arms held to his head in salute. They had started the Resistance together when the governments crumbled and countries fell. At first, it had simply been a way to quell their anger as the other aliens fought for lands rightfully theirs.

Blow a hole in a supply chain. Sabotage key communications. Small-scale things. But just as the aliens had done, she had underestimated humanity's grit. A million calls, e-mails, texts flooded her servers and as she strung them all together, the Resistance was born.

"At ease, General," she said.

Paxon lowered his arm. "Commander Gladstead, the Earth-Takers are approaching from the North in war balloons. Initial scouts report a tornado of fire dragged behind them."

Michelle smiled at her friend. "*At ease*," she said. "Commander Gladstead? You sound like a grunt." She had always hated that title--commander. In a previous life, she was a pre-school teacher and now, men of the highest positions of power all reported to her.

Her friend's shoulder dropped. "As you command, Michelle." But this he said with a crescent grin. He knew how power annoyed her.

She ignored his smile. "How are we holding up against the Fire-Takers?"

"Still at a stale-mate, but not for long. We're almost out of missiles and our soldiers on the ground are being swallowed by the Earth itself."

Michelle nodded. Not good news, but good enough. "And at our East and West?"

"The others are approaching. Their scouts are already here with their armies soon to follow."

She chuckled. Victory was always so bittersweet. "Paxon," she said, "get out of here. Tell everyone not in combat to do the same."

He didn't move. He pressed his lips together and stared at Michelle, humanity's commander, the last bastion of their old world, his friend. "Come with me," he said, pleaded.

"We don't fool magic," Michelle said, a grin parting between her lips. "They all came knowing full well that this is a trap and that's because the bait is just too good to pass off. Look at that, Michelle from podunk Oshkosh, Wisconsin, the greatest military asset in the world. Not bad, eh?"

Paxon coughed out a chuckle. He took a small breath and gritted his teeth. "Commander, it's been an honor."

"Don't worry, General, I'll show them just how high the price is for the Resistance Commander."

"Yes ma'am." The general straightened up, every one of his muscles stiff. He jabbed his forehead with his hand and returned Michelle the sharpest salute she had ever seen. Without another word, he left.

"Give 'em hell, General," Michelle whispered to the back of his head. She watched even as he turned the corner and disappeared into the underground corridors of their bunker. 

Drops of water followed him out.

The ground shook again. Another aftershock, another earthquake. Michelle stared at her letter. She nodded and put pen to paper.

---

We are about to unleash the deadliest weapon humanity has ever conceived. We call it the hydrogen bomb. It is the combination of every single one of our elemental powers. The blast will consume their armies and leave their bases defenseless and when that happens, I have a single selfish request. Take everything from them. Go through their portals, their sinkholes, their spaceships and show them the true horrors of the war they have bestowed upon us.

Long live humanity, the warriors without magic!

Michelle Gladstead. Commander of the Resistance.

---

---

/r/jraywang. 2 new WP stories daily. If I continue any WP it'll be there and I'll give you bonus stories just for being my reader! What more can you want :D?

Edit: Thanks for the gold! I don't think I've ever completed such a long story within a single day. You guys have pushed me in such a great way. Thank you all for your support! Hoorah my friends.