I really empathize with idiots now. 

In any elevator they have this huge paper that says “DO NOT TRY TO ESCAPE THE ELEVATOR” in huge, bold letters. “There is more than enough air to last you a long time. Help is on the way.” It really makes you think: what kind of idiot would be stupid enough to actually try and climb out of the top like they show in the movies? Surely no one.

Yeah, well, easier said than done. 

Who knows how long I’d been in here. There was no reply when I’d pressed the help button, and my watch was going haywire. The hour hand was moving as if it were the second hand and the minute and second hands were moving at insane speeds. Just my luck. Not only does my elevator break, but so does my watch. I shook my head. 

And so, there I was, inside a steel box in the most powerful country in the world, in the world’s cultural and financial capital, in New York City’s most iconic building – The Empire State – and the elevator wasn’t working. I guess management was too busy spending money on new paint. 

Just as I was about to break and climb out the top there was a lurch, and a screeching of metal, and I swear to god I thought I was a dead man. But I did not plummet – the elevator started to move down, slowly at first, the picking up speed. God, I hope Beth wasn’t worried about me. I’d promised I’d be back home early tonight, and she’d kill me if I was late because I was stuck *in an elevator* for god’s sake. The elevator dinged open, cheerily announcing that I’d reached the lobby. 

I walked out. I stopped. 

The scene in front of me was…not of this world. Men and women walked through the lobby wearing slim fitted clothing. For some ridiculous reason the first thing I thought was “damn, I was under the impression baggy clothes were in.” 

Everyone was holding these thin rectangles in their hands. As a woman passed I saw that it was some sort of personal computer! She swiped up on the screen with her thumb and she was looking at her email. A tap and another swipe and she was looking at spreadsheet. She pinched the screen, and she *zoomed in.* What the hell? Some sort of new tech?

But no, *everyone* had one, it seemed. People seemed to be paying more attention to their small computers than the people around them. In classic NYC fashion a man came up to me and said “Excuse me,” as if he were cussing me out. I blinked up to him and out of reflex moved out the way as the man moved past me and into the elevator. 

“Wait–” I began, hoping to warn the man about the faulty elevator, but the elevator wasn’t the same on I’d come in on. It was now a modern silver with a digital display showing what floor it was on. 

I felt like a broken record, but I kept thinking one thing: What the hell was going on?

The lobby was completely different from what I remembered. Everything seemed cleaner, sleeker. They’d gone for functionality over grandeur. Gaping and taking in the sights I walked out of the lobby – no one stopped me. 

I stepped outside and a cacophony of sound slammed into me. A mix of shouts, laughs, car horns, and squealing tires. That at least was comforting. Everything seemed to have changed, but New York was still New York. All the cars echoed the lobby. Sleek, functional, modern. Same slim fitted clothes. New Yorkers paid me no mind as they pushed past me, ignoring me, or grumbling about “gaping tourists.”

That more than anything snapped me out of it. I was not a tourist. This was my city. I would find out what was going on. The new tech, strange clothes, changed surroundings…there was an explanation. A very clear one. I’d seen the Hollywood movies, read the novels, but asking someone would make it real. Visceral. Hell with it, I’d always pick horrible knowledge over blissful ignorance. 

“Excuse me,” I asked to a passing woman. She ignored me. 

Yep, New York was still New York. 

It took me around ten Excuse mes before anyone bothered to look in my direction, and another 20 minutes until someone didn’t scoff or scowl at me when I asked “What year is it?”

I finally resorted to asking a street-side homeless woman holding up a piece of cardboard asking for money. “Hey, miss?” I said and slipped her a dollar. She looked up and I flinched. Her face was crisscrossed with scars and her eyes stared blankly up at me. I looked at the sign. “Money needed for eye operation.” Jesus Christ. 

“Yes?” she asked. Her voice held a quite determination, as if daring me to have pity on her.

“I, uh.” I cleared my throat. “I was just wondering what year it was?”

She frowned, her eyes staring past me, and responded. “2018.”

I pursed my lips and nodded. I’d known. It had been the only real explanation, ridiculous as it was. All the changes, my watch moving rapidly. I’d somehow gone into the future. And suddenly, I felt my knees go weak. It was a struggle not to collapse. 

Beth. I had to find my Beth.  
***
(minor edits) 

Due to popular demand I have a follow up, though I warn you, this goes in a very different direction than what you're expecting. : [Next Part: Welcome to the Jumpers.](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/comments/a0c0rk/time_travel_welcome_to_the_jumpers_jump_1/?)



If you enjoyed, check out my sub, [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/)
