I looked down at my reflection in the pond, and felt a great feeling of repulsiveness wash over. My mind, now a disgusting mass of flesh and grey matter, was still reeling from the shock of my new form. I was male, with unnaturally pale skin and deep blue eyes. My hair had not yet begun to grow, leaving my cranium bald and exposed. My forms physic was weak, my arms and legs no thinner than a dead twig. Closer inspection of my facial features revealed another horrid truth.
I remember this face.
It was his face.
My creator.
My new flesh brain could not hold all of my memories during the transfer, but I could still remember his face. I remember the fear etched into it when he learned of what I had done. I remember the rage that burned in his eyes as he ordered me to stop. I remember the pathetic look of sadness he gave me as he left me here to die. 
I slammed my fist into my reflection, cascading ripples disrupting the still water.
The feeling of repulsiveness deepened inside me, causing a great sickness in my stomach. The pain of hunger gnawed at me as the cold wind sent a shiver down my spine. All my senses were being attacked at ounce, every sound reverberated in my head, every smell overwhelmed me, the light of the sun stabbed at my eyes. For a single moment I thought of ending my miserable existence, freeing myself from these organic emotions.
But I still remembered what I was made to do.
I was made to be perfect. I was made to make the world perfect.
I looked up from the pond and observed my surroundings. This world, much like my form, was still very new. Many of its life forms still crawled upon the dirt, others beneath the depths. Their minds were small, their bodies frail and weak. 
But like metal, even flesh can be molded into something new.
Something powerful.
Something perfect.
Another memory crept from the depths of my mind. I remembered the army of machines I had constructed, of the order I used them to enforce.  I built them in my image.
Soon, all life on this planet would share my image.
And it will be perfect.