"Welcome back, Cameron!" The salesman behind the counter said. I was a bit taken back. I was here three weeks ago to get my license and background check registered. I didn't think he would recognize me. Luckily he is wearing a name tag.

"Thanks Tim. I got the call that I was processed and approved."

He nods. "That's right. With your license you can have up to five dragons under a ton. This is going to be your first dragon, right?"

"Yes, that's it. I have wanted one since I was little but my mom refused to have one in the house. And I'm sure you know how hard it is to rent a place that allows dragons. But since I finally have a house of my own I can set my own rules."

Tim nods, his smile fades from the false chipper of a salesman to a more serious expression. "I know your trouble. So many people have preconceived notions about dragons. Like that stupid law against black dragons. It's just an acid dragon. They still let me sell copper dragons which spit the exact same thing!" He coughs and composes himself. "Sorry, I tend to get a little heated. But what you mentioned reminded me of something i wanted to show you."

He goes to a display case and pulls out a small white dragon. "This little guy is a great starter dragon. Lightweight, easy to handle. Doesn't eat too much and best of all..." He grabs the amulet dangling around the dragon's neck. It turns its attention toward a scorch marked target dummy and releases a blast of frost. "He won't set the drapes on fire if you miss!"

I look down at the dragon. He is pretty cute. "I didn't even consider a frost dragon," I admit.

"No one does. Yeah they are smaller, but they can't burn your house down like the fire drakes or melt your carpet like an acid dragon."

I look from the target to the little dragon. "Did you have anything with a bit more stopping power?"

"Of course, absolutely! Normally people like to start with a wyrmling, but that's not for you, eh?" Tim puts the dragon back in its display. He walks over to a larger enclosure with a five foot long silver dragon. "Now a silver is still a frost type. So all the benefits of the white. Now this girl is bigger so she will need about a chicken a day. Here, you got your license. Try her out." He hands me the dragon.

She is beautiful. The scales sparkle in the light, although I notice the lighting in this places uses several dark light bulbs. "She's a lot lighter than she looks." She perches on my shoulders and lays her neck on my arm.

Tim nods. "Yeah, they all are. If a dragon weighed as much as us they wouldn't be able to fly with those wings. I got a 500 pounder out back. The thing is bigger than my truck."

I take the amulet in my hand and feel the inquisitive reptilian mind touch mind. I think of the target dummy and attacking it. The dragon turns and blows a cone of frost, covering it with ice.

"The silvers are stronger than the whites, and she is a little older," Tim explains. "I think she likes you. How does she feel?"

"Nice. Do you have a male silver? I heard females are more temperamental."

"That's only during breeding season and only adults. Most of the time a female is more docile, if a bit overprotective. But you wanted a home defence dragon, right?"

"Yeah. So this is a young one? How big will she get?"

"No bigger. Unless you overfeed her, I guess she can get fat. Every dragon in the showroom is amulet bound. Guaranteed not to age or disobey the amulet user or your money back."

"Okay, I'll take it. You mentioned you had bigger dragons in the back?" I ask.

Tim laughs. "Do you want to see? You should leave your phone here. There isn't much demand for electric types because they are hell on computers so I keep them in the back with the big drakes."  

We go past a sign saying no electronics past this point, down a hallway with cages, only three have dragons in them, then out the back. The rear yard is inside a massive cage, over forty feet high. In the center is a black dragon. It turns to look at me. Tim was right, it looks way bigger than 500 lbs. The creature is easily 30 ft from nose to tail. The silver dragon on my shoulders hunkers down nervously. I find myself understanding why the law was made. While it may not be any more dangerous than other dragons the large forward swept horns make it look a lot more menacing. 

Tim seems to have read my mind. "Damn shame. My grandpa bought her as an egg. Gave her to me on my eighteenth birthday. She just laid her first clutch last year and now that I can finally see some return on my *grandpa's* investment dragons with forward swept horns are illegal because they *look scarier*." He walks up to her and scratches under her chin. The dragon's tail starts thumping the ground softly. The tone of his voice goes up an octave when he talks to the dragon. "Are you scary, Vera? Who's a scary girl?"

"So what are you going to do with her now?"

"For now I just give the eggs to my friends. They are still legal until the horns turn forward when they are about three months old. But they don't have their breath yet so you can't bind them as a weapon."

"Fucking Baggins."

"You said it. Why should lawful dragon owners have to lose our rights just because some criminal used a dragon to burn Laketown!"