Slightly off topic (but still a story). About two years ago I had dream where I had gone back in time to when I was in grade 6 (about 12 years old. At the time of the dream I was 20). I was a super awkward kid with very few friends. I had no idea how to socialize normally and looking back I'm surprised anyone even talked me at all. My shitty clothes and longer greasy hair stayed with me despite the fact I knew I looked lame however, I refused to do anything about it to avoid drawing attention to myself. As you could imagine talking to girls wasn't really a thing I was even capable of doing, my anxiety would spike just being 
near one let alone talking to one. I spent nearly my entire school career in the this state. It wasn't until almost the end of highschool that I started to come out of my shell. At that point most of the changes I was making we're mostly social, however I think after 18 years eventually you just get better at talking to people. 

The biggest changes in my life didn't come until part way through university. I had chosen to study geography, but before I could get into a program I had to upgrade my math because I made the genius decion to take math 12 . Not wanting to get even further behind on my schooling, I started taking a full time load of courses that would go to towards my degree. My days got extremely busy working a full shift in the morning, university in the afternoon and math in the evening. It was safety to say I got pretty tired by the time I had to go to night class and ended up sleeping through most of it. To make things that but better I was realizing that wasn't enjoying geography nearly as much as I had in highschool. I started to fall behind on homework, skipping one  class to do homework for another. I was so stressed that literally all my free time was spent taking stress naps. Eventually the stress and and dropping paired with the fact a geography degree appeared to have very few career avenues led me to drop out.
This was the best thing that ever happened to me. At this point I stopped caring, but in the best way possible. I stopped caring about what people thought about me. I decided to do my own thing. I cut my hair and bought new clothes. A very welcome side effect of my new outlook was and even more improved set of social skills. Today I would consider myself average and I couldn't be happier about it.

Now the dream. This was by far and away the most realistic dream I've ever experienced. I believe it was so due to it's simplicity, I had literally just woke and I was twelve again. Nothing crazy happened I was just living my life as a tweleve year old. The only oddity was the fact that I was aware that I had gone back in time and had all my "future memories" and knowledge of my twenty year old self (At the time I had been thinking a lot about what it would be like to go back and read live my school years knowing what I do today.) I spent the first few dream days trying to convince my parents of my situation by making simple predictions and describing our future lives. It appeared they eventually started to believe my, however it didn't strike them as a big deal. Eventually the novelty of time travel started to wear off and the realiziation that I was about to relive nearly ten years of my life set in and it was heavy. If you thought life was mundane the first time wait until you do it again. This dream turned into a nightmare and I was plagued with anxiety. The "dream" however didn't last too much longer and I was thrust awake. I have never been so confused in my life. Even though I was awake I could still feel the visceral dispare and anxiety. It took nearly five minutes to get my head straight and much longer the wrap it around what just happened. I was not longer curious what it would be like to start fresh. 

TL;DR Reliving your life gets extremely boring  really quick according to a dream I had. 

This honestly felt like a therapy session and I don't care if anyone reads it just felt good to write down.

Edit* spelling but I probably still missed some