 “Well… I guess that counts,” says an old man. Alexander barely hears him over the cheering and whooping from his merry band of thieving brothers. He turns to celebrate with his brothers. 

The closer Alexander gets into town the more people he notices staring at him, or rather, the sword in his hand. The common folk, beggars, kids, old women, store owners, their eyes are drawn to the sword. As they always do, Alexander’s band of merry thieving brothers follow him while they start planning how they’ll spend their share of the heist. 

Alexander walks down the stairs into the bar. Fellow thieves and harlots glance at him but stare at his sword. Alexander lays the sword across the bar with a heavy thud. “How much?” demands Alexander. The bartender says nothing and rushes out. 

Twenty minutes of drinking pass before the owner of the tavern returns. “I can’t believe it. It’s real. And it’s here. How much Alexander? Name your price and I’ll pay.” 

“What’s the fuss about?” asks Alexander. 

“Nothing. Oh nothing. It’s just a lovely sword. Nothing special.”

Alexander grabs him by the neck and grunts, “You tell me about this sword or I’ll use it to cut your neck open right here.”

“Alright… alright. Relax. It’s the Sword Of Freedom. You haven’t hear the prophecy? It has been known for centuries that the man who frees the sword will lead an army to free the downtrodden and abused.”

Alexander thinks for a moment. He laughs. “What a *stupid* story!” His band of brothers join in the laughter. 

“Alright, so how much will you give me for the silly ‘Sword of Freedom’ and its silly story?”

“10 bars of gold,” says the tavern owner. “500,” says Alexander. “Done.”

Alexander looks at him suspiciously, no sane man would pay that for a silly sword. Clearly the tavern owner had lost his marbles along with 500 bars of gold. 

Alexander did not know where the tavern owner got the gold, but one week later Alexander receives every one of the 500 gold bars. 

Alexander had not wasted the week he had spent waiting. The first half of the week he had been scheming a grand plan. The second half of the week he had been convincing his brothers to follow it. Instead of splitting the gold, they would use it to buy the finest weapons, armour, horses, and another 50 men to fight with. They would raid the King’s castle and secure a fortune that would make the 500 bars of gold look like spare change. 

The men got their armour fitted and weapons made to match them exactly. They woke up at dawn and trained till dusk every day for 90 days. A few of the infantry they hired died in the training, but it was a small sacrifice. The fortune waiting for them was worth the death of many men. 

Finally, they assembled their horses. One for every man. Then they rode for the castle. In three days they were there at the kingdom's gates. The archers took down the watchers on the wall and soon the band of brothers were scaling the wall. They stormed the castle, slaughtering guards, soldiers, and civilians in their way. Moving fast, they created chaos everywhere they went. Their armor was well made and saved many soldiers from death, although a few did die. But many more of the kings soldiers lost their lives. 

Within 90 minutes they had fought there way to the King’s castle. They tore down the gates and hunted for the king. They pillaged every room in the castle. But the King had escaped. Yet it didn’t matter, they had secured the riches they dreamed of. They would bath in milk and eat with gold cutlery. The band of brothers who had grown up so poor were now richer than they had imagined. 

Alexander and his brothers thought they would be safe as they had taken three of the princesses hostage. They knew the peasants did not care who ruled them and didn’t think the King would dare launch an attack. But he did. 

As quickly and ferociously as Alexander had taken the castle, it was lost. And like the King before him, Alexander escaped. But his brothers did not. Days later the merry band of thieving brothers were hung in the town square as the three princesses looked on with their father. 

Many weeks later, Alexander is sitting in the same tavern he sold his sword in. He slams back his tenth whiskey for the night. 

“A prophecy cannot be ignored you fool. No prophecies cares of your desire for gold and riches. It care only of your duty to it.”

Alexander looks to his left and sees the old man. 

“Old man you are cruel and ugly to remind me of such things. I sold the sword and my brothers are dead. It is over.”

“The sword waits for you young Alexander. All you need to do is search for it.”

For days he searched the weapons shops. For weeks he ransacked the lands of wealthy Lords. He wanted vengeance for the death of his brothers, this senseless search seemed his only salvation. Months later, with the desire to quit the search growing in his heart, he returned to the spot he first found the sword. It was waiting for him embedded in the rock. 

The air was cold but the handle felt warm to his touch. It slid out for him. 

The King looked curiously as the wine in his glass swayed from side to side. Then he noticed his gold cutlery shake on his marble table. He stood and looked out of his window at the castle gate. 

10,000 peasants armed with pitchforks, stones, self-made swords, and spears were marching on the castle. And at the front walked Alexander carrying his Sword Of Freedom.