"Get up boy! Do you know how far you have come? Twelves months ago, you came to hang yourself. Look at you now!" The dark and smoky voice of Lucifer. 

Michael gives the hand sign of the horns as an offer of thanks, the sign he was so familiar during his heavy metal teenage years. 

Lucifer had transformed himself into a handsome, well dressed, what Michael and every other guy dreamed of being, alpha male. He was told that Lucifer had always hated the form, instead preferring the comfortable skin of being a smoking hot woman. 

In the time since Michael came into the dilapidated house that no one dared approach, he is treated as royalty. Kneeling only to the ruler of Hell, he is the hand of the King, all other princes having to obey his every command per the decree of Prince Lucifer, Pride incarnate.  

Michael do not know why the King of Hell would choose him, a once-in his own words 'chronically depressed good-for-nothing human garbage bag.' He would have been a dime in a dozen of unremarkable men in the mortal coil. 

But in truth, the Devil has given him hope, who seems to have Life figured out, better than God himself. Raised a Catholic, Michael was ever the faithful but God had never answered any of his calls. 

Now a rising star, charted for greatness at JP. Morgan, fast-tracked to be on the board of governors at the Federal Reserves, all with the help of his faithful sidekick, Accountant Prince Mammon. 

Driving a Toyota, with only three sets of bespoke suits-his most valuable possessions, Michael lives on the advice of Lucifier; that pride does not mean vain. Self-possession is of the utmost import; the true meaning of pride is to be; to be truthfully proud that others cannot resist but to admire. 

Of course on the bedroom front, Lucifer with the help of Prince 'Ass' Asmodeus has guided him to greatness. With an average sized penis, it had always been the main source of Michael's anguish. But with Lucifer's teachings and the deep knowledge of the Prince Asmodeus in the art of sex, Michael has been dominating the bedroom with his small penis, with many virgins fallen victim to his spellbinding charm. In an open relationship with the woman of his life, a desk clerk at an insurance company; she is not a super model, a shy girl but full of feminine energy who possesses such an open mind and understanding that no woman on Earth except her could be the one to share orgies with him and the Devil once in a while. Having Lucifer as a voice in your head as you are doing the business, offering instructions and hints is something out of this world and sex with the Devil in his human form is perfection to die for in Hell.

Prince 'UrAnus' Sathanus and Prince 'Jimmies' Leviathan do not see eye to eye; they are like rival siblings, or two big brothers to Michael, always protective but always bickering about the tiny little things, yet both taught Michael great lessons in life. Prince Sathanus taught him how to stand up for himself, training him in the most deadly arts of combat and self defense skills that the Lord of Wrath jokingly said could 'beat the Doomsguy's green ass!'      

The Lord of Envy has taught him how to use his emotions, to channel his feelings into something useful, like a simple backstab, or a complicated scheme for the ultimate payback and the last laugh for wrongs wrought. 

And of course there is the other pair: Prince 'Pork' Beelzebub and Prince 'Potato' Belphegor. They are like the two bizarre and creepy uncles who are equally ginormous but to Michael are the most charming of the bunch. In fact, Michael admires them both only second to the Prince of Hell. The Lord of Gluttony inspires him because he is perpetually in his own 'hell' where he cycles himself between a few months of constant binging, on his own magnificent cookery to months of intense '300' style workouts. It is always a breath of fresh air to see him come out of the portal looking like Leonidas on the dinner table, after a long while being Jabba the Hutt dissing Prince Belphegor in their witty rap battles. In the Lord, Michael learns perseverance by only having to witness his pulsing abs and in the art of cuisine that adds so much spice to Life while the dishes send you to gustatory paradise.   

The Lord of Sloth is the most wise but cutting with words. Even Lord Hell calls him Master. Like an actual sloth, he does not move much, if at all, perpetually in his favorite upholstered couch. You can count on him to spew the most ingenious ideas and witty comments that are the source of Michael's many sub-holdings and killer pick-up lines. To Michael, the Lord is forever his lazy ass Sensei from whom he is forever trying to take the pebble off of his hand.    

The haunted house has been a vacation home for the Princes of Hell. An eternity of gratitude is not enough, Michael feels, for the guidance of these unsung 'villains'. Lucifer had told him not to blame God, that one must be patient. In this moment before leaving the Lords as they must attend to the business of Hell this cycle, Michael understood what the Lord of Darkness meant: Michael the mortal human is an agent of change and a grand plan awaits him just as it does for all.  

"We do not know when we'd be back. Remember that we will always be in your heart." The Lord Lucifer spoke again. 

"Best of luck, kiddo! Thanks for Korn! Awesome band, you filth! I will be listening for an eternity hahaha!" Lord Wrath with his raspy voice.

"Remember my tenets, you tight square ass! Don't go over board! Sex once a week max! I prefer once every two weeks but I know you are horny as hell; apple doesn't fall far from the tree, you. Go crazy on the day, be my guest. Remember it is quality over quantity! Keep on banging!" Lord Lust gives a wink while doing the finger in the hole sex signal. 

"Don't you ever use long grained rice for Risotto, you piece of garbage! And if I ever see you with an ounce of extra fat, I am gonna whip you boy, you hear?! And always cook for Chelsea. If you don't treat her right, I will eat you!" Lord Gluttony gives the OK sign in Italian. 

"You know what to do. Just don't forget to always double check the balance sheets yourself. Gives them bastards no quarter!" A thumbs up from Lord Greed. 

"Remember what that asshole UrAnus taught you! But more importantly my tenet! Always go for the jugular! No mercy for the wicked! Don't stop your meditation in the morning, cause you know that I would know if you are slipping!" Lord Envy gives the pranamasana.

"People unite for only two things: Hate and Love." Lord Sloth raises his hand as he is carried off by imps, the Shaka sign.

The Princes follow Lucifer and enter the portal to Hell. The frozen wasteland closes off from view as the portal sucks itself into nothingness, leaving the few drifts of snow melting imperceptibly on the dusty floor. Wiping away the tear streaks, Michael dusts off his shoulders, adjusts his tie and walks up the creaky staircase. 