I’m telekinetic. I have been for as long as I can remember. Nobody knows, of course. They all think I’m just the average guy who’s kind of a weirdo, but not really. Moving things with my brain hasn’t actually helped out a whole lot. Sure, I can move a paper into a box from a few feet away or something, but I’ve never actually been in any life threatening situations that my telekinesis could help. I mean, it’s convenient, yeah, but nothing super out of the ordinary has actually happened from me using my power.

Until today. 

When I say today, I mean like 3 hours ago. I’m in my room, typing an account of the last day, and a little demonic gremlin is trying to chew its way through my closet. I’d say the day’s going fine.

I had just gotten back from Lowe’s with a bunch of cheap garbage that my mom wanted me to buy for her. Outdoor decorations, like little baby fences and those creepy little gnome things that you see outside old peoples’ houses. I started unloading my bags with my weird-ass head while I made myself a sandwich. After my delicious cold BLT, I went back to my living room where I had put my bags. Everything was out, neatly stacked on the coffee table. Except one item.

That creepy gnome.

I looked at it, and tried to move it again. Didn’t budge. I started to get worried. Was I losing my profoundly convenient power? Am I gonna die? Then I remembered. I can only move nonliving things.

“Oh, son of a bitch.”

I tied the plastic bag, put it in four more plastic bags, got a broom, and tried to beat that little beady-eyed shit into the floor.

It did not work.

I heard it start growling like it was a little wannabe land shark or something equally stupid as it began tearing through those bags. Luckily, those Lowes bags are insanely thick, so I had time to run upstairs to my room.

Now, the way I worded the beginning of this made it seem like I had trapped the gnome in my closet, and I was chilling on my bed, typing this. That is not the case. I’m currently fearing for my life because a deranged demon ornament is literally eating wood in order to reach me.

Advice would be much appreciated.