I suppose my luck has run out. The luck that never existed in the first place. These thoughts race through my fragile mind, a wet cloth hooked up to a car battery draped over my wary face. The electricity sends waves of agony through my equally wary body, blood vessels in my brain vibrating with frustration, ready to burst and end it all.

“It seems that your luck has run out.” The raspy voice comes from in front of me, but all I can make out through the blood soaked fabric is an imposing shadow. I cough violently, but the restraints hold me firmly to the rickety wooden table. Funny, how my non-existent ‘luck’ has kept me out of trouble, but now it’s just keeping me alive to experience this torture. The whole thing was a coincidence.

“I had no luck in the first place.” I choke out, my vocal chords rubbing together like sandpaper. He chuckles, a scratchy, painful sound.
“You cannot lie to me. You killed my son, that takes more than just coincidence.” he says, still hacking up that gruesome laugh.

“J-just kill me-“ I croak. This life has lead me down nothing but paths of lies. My morals- no- my mind is corrupt. I let this happen. Fate did this to me. I rode the wave like a champion, basking in the glory, soaking up the praise. I’m not lucky. I’m just a fucking dick. He laughs again.

“Sure, kid. I’ll kill you. You’ve had enough, and I want my revenge. But not because you asked.” he says, the imposing shadow growing larger. He’s actually going to do it. Finally, I’m going to be released from this living nightmare of falsities. He reaches for the battery, and a spark flies from a brunt wire stapled to the mouldy ceiling of the cellar. It flies through the musky air, ricocheting off of the battery’s metal casing, and worming its way through a slit at the bottom of the ignition switch.

Through the cloth, I see the room light up with a bright, electric glow. The man lets out a blood curdling scream, and I sigh, the electricity coursing through my veins. The pain doesn’t even affect me anymore. Over the man’s shrieking I hear the rumble of an explosion, or maybe I feel it. I can’t tell.

The rag is whipped away, and my blurry vision reveals that my team of superheroes have come to the bitter rescue. I look up into Mindbender’s chrome visor, and see myself caked in blood, forcing a weak smile. 