It had been a wonderful Christmas Eve. For the first time in years I had done everything perfectly, not a single item amiss. Christmas Tree decoration. Check. Eggnog Check. Hanging the socks. Double Check.

There are a few things that I love about Christmas and gifts from my mom and dad are one of those. My family had been poor and we never celebrated much apart from Christmas, not even my birthday. But Christmas was what my father believed in. He said spirit of Christmas and Jesus is what makes us human. 

Every Christmas, Santa dutifully gave me gifts, sometimes what I asked for and sometimes what I needed. I had noticed that my rich friends always got great gifts. Being a rational guy, I quickly realised it was my parents who got these gifts for me. And selflessly they always gave credit to Santa for them.

Even when I grew older into my late teens, the trend still continues. I don't actually believe in god but I love Christmas and these gifts are my most cherished possession, a stark remimder of happiness, melancholy and nostalgia in otherwise dull life of mine.

I don't remember when I slept tonight. I was extremely tired from all the preparatory work I did last night. But a soft rustle of paper woke me up. I must have been two. For a moment I thought that my parents were a bit delayed in placing the gifts. I waited for a few minutes before getting out of the bed to look at my gifts. I did not want to catch them when they were placing the gifts.

This Christmas I was anticipating an earphone. I had dropped subtle hints so many times. I crawled oit of bed and tiptoed towards the living room. As I approached the door the rustling sound became louder. It was the sound of someone unpacking my gifts. In an instant, I dropped all the pretence of stealth amd raced to the room. Who could open my presents at this hour! I had no siblings.

I pushed the door ajar to witness one of the most bizarrre sights ever. There was things weird dirty man hunching on the ground hungrily tossing the package behind him to look at the gift theat was meant to be me. 

The man has weirdly long beard. His attire looked medieval at best. It looked as if he had covered himself in drapes. He had this crazy throny crown on his head with drief leaves and rose petals. And his arm and body were scarred. Our eyes met. There was anger in his eyes and a touch of madness. 

He growled, "they are mine!!" 

In an instance he collected the gifts from the ground and started to turn to run out of the house. But you don't steal my Christmas present. Nope. I could see the earphone wires wrapped along with a sweater. Something came over me in an instant. I dived on him and we both crashed into the Christmas tree.

"Thief", I shrieked.

"They are mine. All of these belong to me", he cried almost painfully.

"No! My dad got these for me", I replied while we were almost wrestling of the floor.

"Hah! All these are mine. You celebrate it in my name. Everything belongs to me." His voice was painful.

The clouds of confusion dispersed and I recognised the thief in an instance. Drapes. Scars. Crown. Beard. Holy shit! This crazy guy thought he was Jesus F Christ. Or was he actually Jesus?

My grip loosened in my confusion. He slipped out of my arms, got up in an instance and ran to the door.

"My child, I will tell you everything. I promise." He eyes were moistened and for the first time I could see the profound sadness in them. He was not crazy. 

Instead of opening the door he just phased throught it like the solid oak wood door was made of some brown gas. Was I having some dream or was this the post dated effect of the blotting paper I had?