“It’s going to be mom, no – dad.” I kept telling myself repeatedly.  I fidgeted and tried not to immediately see who was walking towards me.  The footsteps were deafening. 


“Please let it be mom..”  I pleaded lightly.  But I knew who was coming.  The person I had actually hurt the most.  


To my surprise I found a younger man walking towards me.  An adolescent, maybe 16 or 17.  More attractive than me, wearing black jeans and a shirt I forgot I had.  He smiled at me in a way that I never smile now.  Naturally, and genuine.  Ten years ago this was me. 


For what was either 2 seconds or 5 minutes we stared at each other.  How do I explain myself?  I just wanted to tell him how sorry I was.  What I had done to this kid.  But before I could speak he started.

“This was a point in life where I could have branched off into a dozen different directions.”  His demeanor was so casual.  I was standing in silence, holding back tears. 
He didn’t seem sad, or distraught.  No, he wouldn’t have been those things.  Not yet.  


“Heh.  You know, I was told in one of those alternate paths I could have been married, and working our dream job.  How crazy is that?” 


I don’t know how my face reacted, but he tried to make me feel better “..but then again I could have also overdosed at 21 had you continued being friends with Eric Meyer.  So it isn’t so bad when you think about it” he smirked.  I hadn’t heard that name in forever.  Last I remembered, Eric and I had grown apart after high school for some reason.

“Why aren’t you upset at me?  I’m so sorry.  I-I wanted better for you.” I jumbled my words, and tried to say so much more but tears were streaming and my voice felt paralyzed.  


“Hey… don’t cry.  So you made some bad decisions?  It isn’t --”  


“I fucked up so much.  Wasted so much time.  Alienated people who love you.  Did things I could never take back.  You know, things have never been the same with mom and dad?  This isn’t what I wanted for you, none of it.”  we both stood in silence and his demeanor changed to serious.  


He started softly, “I might be standing here.  But I’m still a part of you.  We did go through a lot.  And I’m sorry too for how things turned out.”  He stepped forward and hugged me and then whispered, “but now it’s time to make things better.”


I was confused.  “What do you mean?  What happens now?  Aren’t I dead?”


“Well… *technically* no.  Maybe half dead?  You’re not conscious.  But for whatever reason it's been decided it’s time for you to go back."  He paused, then started more seriously.  "You’ve lost sight on the things I wanted, old man.  It’s time for you to finally take them.”


“Old man? I’m only 27!” I wasn’t sad or crying anymore.  I understood now.  Why I was here.  This wasn’t the end.  Only the beginning.


Younger me looked off into the distance.  It was white everywhere.  But far away on the horizon you could faintly see green mountains.  I had never seen anything like it. I guess neither had he.  He looked down at his feet.  “We'll be over there some day, just not now... But hey, don’t forget about me, alright?  And jeeze don’t text and drive anymore, you asshole.”


He looked at me almost eagerly, clenching his fists. “I’ve seen a future for us.  A good one.  You can do it.”


Before I got the chance to reply I blacked out along with the sensation of falling.  In a hazy dream I could feel the air and smells around me change.  I felt heavy, sore, and dizzy.  I could hear the sounds of the hospital.  The beeping, muffled noises, nurses hurriedly walking.  


“Was it just a dream?”  No, I knew it wasn’t.  I looked at a dry erase board with information scribbled on it.  I studied it for a moment before seeing my name and pausing.


“I won’t let you down this time.”  Not this time.  Not again.

Note:  Sorry, I never write and so am not the best at it.  But I had to write this one.
