Vampires had been of a strange interest to me ever since I first heard the tales surrounding them. The word had popped into my mind and I hadn't been able to let go. Not when I found myself signing up for oceanography classes on a whim, not even after hours of work under murky ocean water, which for some unfathomable reason, seemed to call out to me. 

So that was how I found myself on the ship of some old vessel that was out for a voyage. I was still pretty new to the whole oceanographer thing, but it was really quite fascinating. Of course, my unreachable, strange goal was still vampires, as it had been from the very beginning. I had never quite believed in them, but knowledge of the possible existence just spurted my curiosity in all things underwater. Now, years later, my job was to explore some coral reef way down in the ocean. 

It was while picking up a murky shell and trying to figure out what might have once inhabited it that I noticed something strange about a particular section of the ocean. The water seemed a bit harder to get through. Sunlight was dimmer. As I swam closer, it seemed that I encountered less underwater living beings. 

A chasm. Ah. But what was that - a gurgle, a voice? Wait, it was more like a harmony of screams or something. Definitely the strangest thing I had come across. Maybe I should leave the chasm alone, but I had been sent to explore this region's biology and I was curious. 

This was until I saw the eerie glint of metal and glowing pairs of eyes staring back up at me. Come, they seemed to beckon. And it was probably stupid, but I did. 

Vampires, I thought. Then it seemed to make sense. My fascination with the stories, which seemed farfetched but within me I probably had known were real. And these sprawled bodies, somehow alive but trapped for who knew how long, bound by shackles, gazing with unfathomable expressions up at something they had probably never expected. 

Yes, somehow I suspected these guys were my brethren of eons past. 