As I wait in this white emptiness, a hooded figure approaches me, I, still recovering from my experience of death, couldn't even make assumptions of who this figure could be, finely the figure stood just right next to me.

"Help me Karl Johansson", said the figure, in a very deep and grim voice that made me feel dizzy.

"Who are you?", I asked the figure.

"Well I guess, if I want your help, I will have to tell you who I am"

I looked at him with confusion, but nodded to give him his answer.

He grabbed his hood to take it off and reveal his identity, "I am Satan, and I want your help", said the beast, while looking into my eyes with his own fiery red eyes.

I couldn't utter a word for a while, but finely spoke, "You....You can't be here, this is Heaven, isn't it, was I not supposed to go to Heaven?"

"Relax, Karl, you aren't in Heaven, but don't worry, this isn't Hell either, this is somewhere you wait, you are just waiting here until those Angels come here and escort you to Heaven", the figure who claimed to be Satan said to me.

After hearing those words, I just looked around, in confusion, to clear some of that confusion up I chose to ask another question, which was going to be proved as a grave mistake, most probably,
I asked, "What are you doing here, you said you wanted my help?".

"Yes Karl, I am in grave need of help from someone like you, especially", he said while placing his hand on my shoulder.

I felt so much uneasiness when he touched me, I never thought I could feel this level of uneasiness after all the things I have witnessed in my life.

"You say, you are Satan, and you want my help?", I asked him, because I couldn't quite believe what I had heard.

"Yes, infact, please help me Karl", said Satan.

"Why shall I chose to risk my way into heaven, just to help Satan, the Ruler of Hell", I asked him with concern.

Satan grinned, "That's the thing, my boy, I am not the Ruler of Hell anymore", he said while looking at me thoughtfully.

I looked back at him confusingly, "So you are not Satan", I asked. "No I am but i was thrown off of my Throne, that's why I am not the Ruler of Hell anymore", he clarified to me.

"Huh?....Who took it from you?", I asked confusingly.

The Satan laughed while looking up, then he looked at me again and said, "Your kind took it from me, gathering all the dictators and Warlords at the same place wasn't such a good idea after all"

I was left speechless, but Satan spoke again, "I don't know everything about you, but I do know that you were eager to leave your mark in human history, and you did leave some sort of mark, now, wouldn't you like to be a part of our history too? Hmmm?, The history of The Demons, The Angels, how could someone like you, wouldn't want to be a part of this great history".

That little speech, those words absolutely stunned me, I couldn't move, couldn't speak, couldn't think, couldn't look at Heaven, the only thing that went in my mind was helping Satan, and nothing else.

"Alright I will help you", I finely said with a shaking voice.

And so Satan smiled a smile that sent shivers down my spine.