When you had done everything, you thought – *hey, the rest is history*. The one thing you have dreamed about for ages and ages? A feeling of weightlessness as the darkness and a beyond deep somber you could have never imagined to take over. Much like when you close your eyes to dream and dream, again and again. I finally found the courage. The courage to embrace the true reality I wanted. All of it.

We always are told of how we need to accept the heart of god. To love him and to let him love us. To forgive and to forgive ourselves. But I wanted none of that. I wanted something more. Something less. I wanted *nothingness*.

I expected maybe a light. The light they always cry and scream at you to avoid. Instead, I watched as my body caved, and so did the light. There was no light. My surroundings felt open with no ending. No smell, no taste, no grasp for breath, no sound, and no feeling of my heart beating against my chest. I could not move.

Perhaps this was that final moment. The moment where you faced your sins. God would present himself to you in his being and give you one last try. I waited and waited. Again, nothing of such God came to my presence. I thought of the people I could probably face instead. All of them. All of those people that I must have hurt, all those that I might scared away, and worse, all those people that didn’t care.

I didn’t want them to care though. As much as I thought of how I wanted to see someone think of me, I found peace at their apathy.

But for what I did eventually see, was far more than what I expected. I opened my eyes and saw another being. I knew all too well who she was. The large sized girl with the long brunette dyed hair. I could see the familiar lengths of her dark ash blonde roots that were showing and starting to thin out. I saw the most unflattering blue eyes.

“Is that all you’re going to do?”

I tried to stare away at something, anything. There was nowhere to look though. I could feel my stomach start to flip deep inside me. My intestines and bowels quivered and cramped. Why was I talking to myself? Was this some kind of sick joke?

“You can’t avoid it,” she said.

I opened my mouth. I *wanted* to open my mouth. No, I couldn’t open my mouth. I wanted to say something, but I didn’t know what to say.

“Just go. I mean, that’s what you want, right?”

The flip of my stomach began to relax. A sensation of flutters carried through my body. Oh, yes, let me go. All I want is for you to let me go.

“I mean, after all this time, all the people you want to have in your life and the second someone reaches out, you still can’t grab on?”

Now I didn’t know what I was feeling. Maybe confused or puzzled, but the words almost struck a chord. I never felt like I had someone to turn to. My days were spent in my bed in my room aside from work and doctor appointments. I raged and raged how I hated humanity. I felt like I was better off here. Dead.

“I see it now,” she said, shaking her head, “You aren’t giving me a chance and you sure in hell aren’t going to give yourself a try either.”

I watched as the faintest image of myself fade away into the depths of blank. A realty that is not white nor black. I didn’t know what I was seeing, and then I was left thinking what if. Where I was, there was no try. I was here and I could not go back. When all is said and done, it is all said and done.

So, here I am, neither hell nor heaven.
