I shot upright in a panic, cold sweat beading on my forehead. 

*It was just another nightmare.*

I began to calm down, my nerves steadying themselves as the cool ocean breeze drifted in through my window, bringing with them the sounds and smells of early morning San Francisco. There was no point in going back to sleep now, it was nearly 6 am and I'd have to be at Mount Zion in an hour to start my shift. 

*The joys of residency, long hours and no pay. At least I'm not stuck in a shipyard like most of the other women are.*

 I quickly got dressed and headed out of my apartment, eager to put my unpleasant night behind me. I'd been having these nightmares more frequently, but none of them ever made any sense and I just chalked them up to the uncertainty of the time we were living in.

As I walked down the steps at my front door, I glanced at the copy of Time Magazine sitting on the sidewalk. It featured a prominent picture of Harold Smith, in full color. This particular issue didn't interest me much, but it's presence did serve as a reminder that today was another Monday. 

*Oh joy, four more days of glorified slavery.* 

I wasn't exactly sure when I'd become so cynical, but these past few years had been incredibly trying. The uncertainty of the war effort and the mounting stories from the both the Pacific and European theaters only served to increase my anxiety.

I got to Mount Zion and looked over the clipboard with my tasks for the day.

**Monday, 14 June 1943 - Jean F. Tatlock - Not scheduled, time off approved**

*I'm such an idiot.*

After my startled awakening, I'd forgotten that I'd requested the day off. So much for my three day weekend. In any case, I might as well make the most of it. I started to walk back to my apartment, annoyed at myself for heading in to work so quickly without pausing to check my calendar. I could have been back in my bed, relaxing. Instead, I was walking the streets of San Francisco at 7:30 am, without even having eaten breakfast. My stomach rumbled as I meandered back to my apartment at 1405 Montgomery Street.

As soon as I shut my door behind me, I knew something was awry. Instead of the cool ocean breeze and the bright glow of sunlight that I was expecting, I was greeted by musky, ancient air. As my eyes adjusted to the dim lighting, my breathing quickened.

*Jesus Christ! Where AM I!?*

I looked around and took in my surroundings. I was standing in a huge hall with massive stone walls adorned by burning oil lanterns. This is the place I had seen in my nightmares. I would appear in this place and then I would wake up, terrified.

Before I could figure out what was going on, a figure approached me from the anterior of the hall and chuckled slightly.
"I am not Jesus, I am Manu," The figure said with a grin, "and you are in the main chamber of the Ziggurat of Ur". "Why have you brought me here?" I asked Manu, still in awe at the cavernous size of the hall I was in. "It is not I who have brought you here, Jean. You are here at the will of Lord Vishnu due to a simple twist of fate. He'd tried bringing you here more subtly, but you were quite resistant. Thus there was no choice but to bring you here in a more direct manner". Manu beckoned me toward him. "If you would follow me please, I am here to guide you to the Chamber of Relics".

I followed Manu, unsure of why I was here, let alone what the Chamber of Relics was. Manu seemed to know what I was thinking, as he answered before I could even ask. "The Chamber of Relics is home to all sorts of legendary and ancient artifacts. Some are holy relics, while others have a more sinister pedigree. Lord Vishnu has commanded me to bring you here and to allow you to take a single item of your choice." I followed Manu towards a brightly lit hallway, filled with various weapons. Brilliant maces, fearsome axes and swords as sharp as razors lined display cases throughout the chamber. Each artifact seemed flawless in its craft. A pair of beautifully adorned pistols caught my eye as I perused the various items and I walked over to get a better look at them. "Ah, those are the Roi de Rome pistols," Manu informed me. "They were commissioned directly by Napoleon himself". I thought about taking the pistols, as the craftsmanship was remarkable and the pistols themselves were on smaller side of the weapons in the chamber. I had no use for such weapons however and didn't really want to take the pistols just to sell them to a collector. As I continued walking through the chamber, I noticed a lone box sitting in a display case in a darker corner of the room. As I drew closer to the box I was intrigued by it in a way that was unlike anything I had experienced before. 

I immediately walked over to the box and opened it up. Inside, was a simple sphere that seemed to contain darkened clouds of purple and black. The clouds swirled around one another as if they were part of a powerful tempest, yet they remained in a state of equilibrium, with neither cloud being absorbed by the other. "Manu, I have made my choice. I want this orb". Manu's expression turned somber as he looked over at the box. "That is the orb of Kālá, the God of Death," Manu informed me. "It will give the first person who looks at it the knowledge of the Yudh-Veda, the Book of War". Manu looked up at me, with a serious demeanor coming over him. "Kālá is not one to give up his secrets easily. The orb can only be removed from this room at a steep cost. Are you sure this is the item you want?" 

I thought briefly about what Manu had said and made my decision. If this orb could really grant me the knowledge of the Book of War, it could completely change the tide of the war that we were facing at home. "Yes, I'm sure this is the item that I want," I reaffirmed to Manu. He nodded in resignation and informed me of the severity of my choice. "The God of Death does not simply give gifts, he must receive something in exchange. Once you take the orb from this chamber, you will have approximately six months until Kālá takes your life in return. The orb can only be used once before it is returned to this box so use it wisely." My heart sank with the realization of the choice I had just made. In exchange for the knowledge of the Book of War, I had given my life to the God of Death. Manu handed me the orb and bade me farewell. 

In an instant, I was back at my apartment door, the ocean breeze and sunlight reminding me that I was once again in San Francisco. I walked inside and sat down in the foyer. The orb was in my hand and I had no idea what to do next. My stomach rumbled and I looked at the clock. It was 5:00 pm and I was starving. I hadn't realized how much time had passed while I was in the Ziggurat of Ur. Just as I was getting up to walk into the kitchen, there was a knock at the door.

*I'm not expecting anybody, who could possibly be looking for me right now?*

I opened the door and to my utter shock and surprise, my former flame was standing there. "Robert! You're in San Francisco! I've missed you so much...Come in, there's something I have to show you!" I brought Robert inside, showed him the orb and explained what had happened to me. He was a brilliant man and while he was irate at the news that I would be claimed by the God of Death in six short months, he understood my desire to help my country. We talked it over and decided that he would use the orb, as he would have more time to make use of the knowledge granted by the Book of War than I. He took me out to my favorite Mexican restaurant and we returned to my apartment for one final night together. 

After we woke the next morning, Robert smashed the orb at his feet. The clouds swirled around him and with every breath he took, he inhaled more of the clouds. After he had absorbed all of the knowledge of the book, he looked like a changed man. He seemed humbled by whatever newfound information he had gained, but instead of being happy, he just seemed... somber and... distant.  I don't know how I'll spend the remainder of my time here on Earth, but I know I won't have to worry. Before he left, Robert assured me that everything would be okay, and that I had done a great deed for our country and our way of life. As he was leaving my apartment for the last time he turned to me and let me know that we would win the war thanks to Kālá's orb. I hadn't realized just how much it would forever change the world. Just before closing the door, he looked at me and said with a smile "I am become death, destroyer of worlds".


Thanks for reading guys! This is my first attempt at writing here on WritingPrompts, let me know what you think I can improve on!