Nobody knows exactly when or how the powers began appearing. Historians have tried narrowing it down, but it was subtle at first. The first signs seem to be the world becoming much cleaner. At the time everyone thought it was humanity finally reacting to the huge amounts of waste and pollution. Now we know with so many people being born in the spotless hospital environments there wasn't much else those people could do but clean.

Then the stories of people being born in cars being destined to be either race car drivers or mechanics started. At home pool-births tended to lead to swimmers, not surprising when the lucky ones could breath underwater. Of course the unlucky ones could just do cheap water-bending tricks, but those were the ones that had to keep hidden from the governments. One historian dug up a diary of a mother from 2023 who gave birth on a plane and found her child could fly. Of course the family kept the child hidden from the world and there are no official records, but the diary shows she was terrified of the government finding them. The more rumors going around the more governments were abducting people to test them. 

Eventually the rumors turned into fact and it didn't take long for the rich and powerful to take advantage. It became the norm for royalty to travel to the arctic, volcanoes, build underwater birthing rooms, you name it. It's easy to keep a country in order when the royal family can create lava with a snap, freeze an entire army of dissidents, or drown a city.

Of course most normal people still get born in hospitals, or at home on a farm, maybe in their village in the mountains. They get what we call the boring powers. They are our maids, our farmers, drive refrigerated box trucks that they keep cool themselves. The more extreme the location the more powerful the abilities. 

Before long the ruling families started sending their pregnant wives into space to get the upper hand on each other. They tried for longer than was probably wise. For years there was story after story of people trying to give birth in space, and suddenly everyone on board the ship dies from a loss of oxygen. Some families hoped if they got closer to a sun that power would take hold instead of the vacuum of space. They should have expected the sudden inferno at the moment of birth.

What you won't find in the history books is that I was not the first person to be born in space and survive. I was just the first to make it back. My parents already ruled with an iron-fist but they wanted more for me. They wanted to give me the world. So under the highest level of secrecy, they started sending pregnant women to every corner of the galaxy, hoping that something would work. Hundreds of women died out there. Until finally one reported a birth. The results surprised everyone. The one child to make it through child birth, was circling a black-hole. My parents didn't wait for them to get back to find out anymore. As soon as the birth was confirmed the ship was destroyed.

Almost 5 years later my mother was circling a black hole, giving birth to me. Eyes as black as night the moment I was born. The journey back to earth was more dangerous than they expected. Every time I cried a black hole appeared somewhere outside the ship. Maybe they were just lucky that even as an infant I had a wide reaching power. Maybe it was a self-preservation instinct. At least they had the sense not to bring me back to Earth until I had more control. So we circled and circled the solar system, getting supplies sent to us. Once I was 15 they finally trusted me enough to bring me home. 

By that point I could make a minuscule black hole on the tip of my finger, and control it perfectly. Or I could make one large enough to swallow a planet. The tales had already begun to spread around Earth. They knew what was coming. They just hoped we would have mercy.

My parents didn't raise me to have mercy. With my powers my family gained global control within a month. It's easy to target a palace with a black hole when you've spent your entire life learning to control them. At least we gave them warnings before hand. It was only the families who waited too long to kneel, or attempted to fight first that were destroyed. 

Now the planet is under my rule. My parents died years ago, the result of assassins. There is an endless chain of them coming after me as well, killing them is simple though. There isn't even a mess. It's always interesting to see who will attempt to recreate my powers as well. Each ship they send out in secret disappears into the abyss before it even leaves the atmosphere. You would think they would stop trying. I suppose they will never be happy with my rule. I have never needed their approval though. 