Deep inside the empire of sorrow, past the fields of strife into the forrest of anguish a demon and her child abided. If one were to try and make an escape into the forest they would wander forever through its misty passages. The forest however wasn't actually infinite, but looped around on itself in much the same way the mortal universe did. The actual size of the forest would periodicly change to make sure there was *just* not enough to fit the permanent residents, and as such the visitors would often have to walk accross the desperate, wailing inhabitants of this place.

"What is wrong, Bartholemue? Are you not enjoying yourself?

The demoness towered over her child; even full grown she would have been well over twice his height, and unlike his meek pale demeanour her skin was a deep jet black, upon which even darker runes and symbols were etched accross her whole body, and while there was a tiny pinprick of darkness in his eyes, the demonesses pupils filled hers, as though if he looked too deeply into them it felt like he could get lost in that infinite emptiness.

"I guess" he said, crushing another wailing skull beneath his foot.

"You do not sound particularly enthralled, if this is not to your tastes, you merely have to say so."

"No, no, this is fine, really, thank you for taking me" he put on the best smile he could manage, and impaled a ragged figure in the distance with his spear to emphasise his point.

Layetta was not convinced. Maybe a lesser being would have been satisfied, but to her every subtle twitch her sons face lit up like a candle in a dark room, she could see his thoughts at least as well as he could.

"Perhaps a change of venue would do us good, I must confess even I am starting to find this place a bit dreary. What about the palace of silence?"

"No, it's fine, I don't need to go there-"

"The endless chamber?"

"I went there with dad last week-"

"Then what *do* you want"

She hadn't raised her voice or made any discernable change in her demeanour, yet he still flinched. He stood there for a while, as though mulling something over, then, eventually looked up, doing his best to meet hes infinitely black eyes:

"I don't want you to think I don't appreciate this, I do, it's just that, I-we do this every week. Whenever I'm with you or dad, I just feel like you guys keep going out of your way to out-compete eachother. I like doing this stuff, really, but I don't want you guys to feel like you always have to do things for me."

Layetta stood there, silent, and mulled over his words. Curious. How very curious. Humans were strange things indeed.

"Are you mad?"

"What? oh, no. You are... right. Perhaps this is all a little much" she said, gesturing to the plains around her. If you don't feel this is necessary, then that is your choice.

He seemed to sag in what Layetta guessed must have been relief.

"Thanks.... mom."

How very, very odd.