And then she turned back at the blackboard and we carried on with our lesson like nothing happened. The ice was broken anyway, I suppose. So I thought I'll go talk to her at our next break. At the vending machine. How I know she'll be at the vending machine? Cause I just thought of it. Simple as that. 

So I went at the vending machine and sure, there she was. I approached her.

"Hi, I'm Naky Maton, from math class, but you already know that, don't you?" I said and I smiled.

"Naky what...?" she seemed puzzled. It looked like she had no idea why I had approached her. 

"Yeah, I know, it's a strange name, I actually come from..." I started to explain, but she cut me off mid sentence. 

"Listen, Kaky, I really have to go to the class." And with that we parted. Funny thing, isn't it? One moment she is reading my thoughts and smiling at me, the other moment she doesn't even know me. But she was at the vending machine and did not have any candy in her hands. So why was she there? So I came to a conclusion, I tested my hypothesis, and guess what? 

She did read my mind. She just did not know it. Every thought that I had was transfered to her in a subconcious manner. If I laughed, she laughed. And when I saw her smile, I laughed, so she laughed some more, and then I... Then we both were holding in our laughter in the middle of the class. She did not know why, but she liked it. I did know why and I loved. I loved every second of it. 

And so we lived in this tandem of thoughts. If I saw her sad in class, I read some jokes off of Reddit til she started smiling. If I saw her in new clothes, I told her with my mind that she looks good. And when the exams came, I studied very hard so I could tell her all the right answers. From that day we both always got an "A+". And when I found out that she also takes the "History of Cultures" class, I went to library and read everything on it, as I did not take that class myself, but I did not want her to get a bad grade. So on the day of the exam I sat down at the door of her class and read the summary of her lesson plan. She got a B, but that's alright, considering I could not see her exam questions this time.

And thus began our last year of school together. I realized that after this I might never see her anymore. I did not know her plans after school. So this is it. I should approach her now and we would spend this year together. Who knows what will happen, right? I approached her, I started smalltalk. And then. Yeah... I will be able to quote this ad verbatim until the day I die.

"*Are you that "Kaka" guy? Stop being such a fucking weirdo creep. I don't like you. If you keep looking at me all the time, you'll be sorry.*"

And that's that. I guess I never was able to read her mind, now was I? She grabbed her books, walked over to her friends, pointed at me and half of them laughed, half gave me the "I'm so angry with you" stare.

I kept on sitting there. At the evening I went home and locked myself in the room. I stopped eating, I stopped going to school, I stopped being. My mother did knock at my door once or twice, but then my parents decided that I'm "having a phase" and left me alone. And I suppose I did have a rather bad phase. Truth be told, I do not remember much of it. All I remember was sitting in my room in complete darkness and crying. 

Oh I lamented her so. I hated her so. I despised her with every fiber that I had. With every little bit in me I commanded her to rot. And all because I wanted to turn myself to dust and float away. In the deepest being of me, I just did not want to exist. So that lead me to the logical conclusion. Never say I'm not a man of action.

I did sit on the ledge of the bridge for a long time in the starry night. Thinking of her. Thinking of myself. Thinking of wishing that either one of us should stop existing. I looked down into the water for a long time. It called me, I called back, it invited me, and I... Never it be said I'm not a man of action. Jump.

And then I woke up in a hospital. The nurses were telling me it is ok, my mother was crying right next to me, there were some policemen who wanted to talk to me. It's rather a confusing feeling to have. The happiness that your child has survived and the understanding of what exactly has he survived. I suppose this feeling will never leave them. But it will leave me. Somehow I feel that I had gotten rid of the horror I felt. Like I had to jump to kill that part of me. And I did and so it died. I felt free. I was ready to go to school now.

The police asked me some questions, asked me about my love life, asked me if I were involved with someone, but I had nothing to tell them. "I thought to a girl for a while" is not an answer. So I returned to the school and I saw everyone in awful spirits. At first I thought that it was because of me, but nobody seemed to notice me at all. Even the teachers. And only when we all got summoned to the gym, they told the news.

It turns out the girl had jumped off a bridge. The same night I did it. Only she was on the other bridge. Only she did not wake up in the hospital. 

And now I don't know what to think. I mean it literally. I want to cry again, I want to suffer for what I've done, I want to curse. But dare I? What if I am connected to someone else? What links are weaved between us? Should I ask everyone to slap their tables from now on? Am I harmful now? Am I to think only good? Were I given just one chance and I threw it off the bridge? Do I dare cry about it?

[Literary Nobody](https://www.reddit.com/r/LiteraryNobody/)