"JOHN!!!"

John awoke, fear grasping his heart. He sat up in bed momentarily somewhere else, somewhere he hated going. It took a few seconds for the pain from his brown to meet his brain. His hand moved to forehead. He traced the stitches above his right eye slowly, remembering waking up in that white bed for the second time. The crash had brought back all kinds of pain he thought he had barried, and now his head wouldn't stop throbbing.

He made his way to the bathroom. Needed another pill to dull the pain. Maybe two to help him sleep. He flicked the bathroom light on. The sudden light hitting his eyes made the pain in his head throb. Through grumbles he made his way to the sink, filled a glass with water and popped the pill container open. For the briefest of moments he considered downing them all. Why stay here any longer? The moment passed and he popped two pills into his hand, threw them I to his mouth and drank deep. 

He had dreamed of the crash every night since it happened. He could force it from his thoughts during the day but he always seemed to return there in his dreams. 

"No sleep tonight I guess."

He decided a little late night TV to help distract his brain would do him some good. 4:37 gleamed on the microwave. He turned on the kitchen light on his way to couch and paused. He noticed the dash cam on the table. He was starting to feel that fuzzy dullness. He realized he hadn't actually watched the crash happen. Might as well scratch this itch, he thought as he picked up the camera and sat down on the couch.

He flicked it on and navigated to that last video recorded. The video came to life and illuminated the front end of his black 67 String Ray. He remembered fondly the day he and Sarah had picked her out and taken her for a test drive. The hours spent cruising the flat lands of West Texas, the trouble they'd started, the cops they'd evaded, the crash...

He winced in pain. The pills we're dulling his thoughts a bit. He'd refused to let himself think of the day his life ended, all those years ago. It was in the past. His attention returned to the video playing in front of him. The car sleekly drifted down the barren road, endless barren fields in either direction. He saw the light in the distance turn green and kept pace to make his way through the light. He braced himself. He knew it was coming. He remembered every second of what was about to happen. 

It was then that he noticed this fuzzy distortion from the sound, this weird back drop to the radio. He paused the video. It was like a second track was playing at the same time. He entered the audio settings of the camera and fiddled with what he could to try to get it to clear up or go away. He rolled the clip back to before the light turned green and hit play again. 

It wasn't crystal clear, and it was definitely distorted, but there was no mistaking her voice. She was singing with the song on the radio. 

"Highway to the dangerz..." 

He paused the video. There's no way. How? It must be the pills. Must be his dulled mind messing with him. He hit play again. There it was. Her sweet fuzzy voice singing right along. His eyes welled with tears at the sound of her voice. The light turned green. He started singing too.

"Right on throoough the dangerzone..."

The car entered the intersection. A thunderous bang startled John. The radio stopped, the singing stopped. On the screen John's watched as the car spun and came to a stop facing the intersection, the pickup that hit him stopped in the middle, front end destroyed.

"JOHN!!" 

"Oh god John, not again. Please be ok. John! Get up, you're bleeding. Wake up John! You can't die like this, not the same way I did! Not in this fucking car! John!"

The video stopped. John sat in silence. Tears streaming down his face. There was no mistaking it. She hadn't left him. All these years, she'd been by his side. In that seat. In the car she loved. 

He had a thought.

He went back to the menu and found another video of a few days earlier. And there it was. Her voice, staticy and beautiful, singing along to the radio. Every so often she'd stop and talk to him, fully knowing he couldn't hear her. Whether bound to the car, or just too stubborn to leave, she hadn't left him all those years ago...

His heart froze in his chest. He rushed to the garage threw open the door and sat down in the driver seat. He hauntedly stared at the passenger seat. He turned the dash cam so the screen was facing the passenger seat and hit play. Sarah's haunting distorted voice filled the empty black car. 

He waited. Not sure what exactly he was expecting. 

It was then that the passenger seat belt buckle moved just a little...
