I had just filled up my cereal bowl and was about to enjoy a late breakfast when that familiar feeling came on me again.  Dang-it, I already regretted that deal I had made with that thieving “Ouija the Fantabulous”.   

At the time it had sounded like easy money – As a member of the Dimension Monitoring Security Division, “D-MonS” for short – traveling the inter-dimensional gateways was old hat.  It was during an epic drinking bout last year that my “Friend” and drinking companion had come up with the idea of us popping into each others home dimensions and putting a scare on unsuspecting mundanes.   We would do “Magic Shows” where we would pretend to summon a “Daemon”, and after a bit of theatrical fahlderol the “Summoned Daemon” would step back through the gateway and go back to their regular life while the Magician raked in the samollions from the unsuspecting marks.  “Easy Money” he said.  “What could go wrong?” he said.  My big toe, I say.

With his red skin, horns and wings, he could easily pass as some sort Daemonic presence on Earth, especially if he dropped a flash bomb just before he appeared.  Likewise I, a rather plain non-descript human on my own home dimension, would appear exotic and dangerous when I stepped out of the gateway on his world in a cloud of smoke with a dramatic gesture.  

The only problem was while I had only used the Summoner Device on him a couple times (that one séance with my Aunt Gertruda was epic!)  that jack-wipe had created his “Ouija Boards” which triggered the gateway whenever some thrill-seeking teenager played around with it , so I was constantly being summoned and having to do my “Scary Daemon” act in increasingly uncomfortable situations.   Plus that thief had copyrighted the technology so he was pulling in royalties off of every copy of the damn board that he sold, while I was stuck with bupkiss – not a red cent!!!

When the smoke cleared, I had a brief glimpse of a trio of obviously under-aged creatures sitting around the damned board, who gave me one wide-eyed look before screaming in terror and running off and locking themselves into what I presume was a lavatory of some sort.  OK, I admit the bath-robe was getting a bit shabby, and I was still suffering from a severe case of Bed Hair, but still it seemed like a little bit of an over-reaction.  Pulling a card from my robe pocket I read off the required copyrighted  script:  “Behold the power of the Ouija! Who dares to disturb my slumber of 1000 years! You have dabbled in powers that are beyond your ken and understanding!  Terrifying – blah-blah-blah, uh, yeah OOoooh Scary! Don’t disturb me again.  Copyright Oujia Magic Supplies, the best Magic comes from Ouija!”  And I stepped back into the cloud of mist and triggered the return cycle.  Bet my damn cereal was going to be soggy.

(With apologies to Robert Lyn Aspirin)
