Since I was a young boy, I remember watching the Hitler Hitmen Games. The ways in which each contestant found, tortured and murdered the man always intrigued me. Growing up I spent countless hours watching re-runs, devising plots and plans hoping that one day I could be chosen to stand in that arena and show the world my skills. 
My time finally came. After weeks of interviews and examinations to make sure I was a raving sociopath, I found myself on the receiving end of phone call informing me I had been one of the chosen few. I got to kill Hitler, on Live Television in front of Billions. 
Over the next few weeks, I trained myself by memorizing techniques and skill sets that would offer me the best advantage not only over Hitler but my opponents too. Some failed spectacularly, while others exceed expectations. It was a rush. 
          Finally after so many years of watching and hoping I strode out into that great arena, where I was greeted with cheers and jeers. The wormhole all travelers used had looked so much  smaller on TV, it stood so much higher than myself. Standing in front of the void, I waited. As the silence in the arena grew so did the tension. A whistle sounded, piercing the sky. It was the final noise I heard before throwing myself into that portal. 
Suddenly it dawned on me, here I was scheming on murdering Hitler. I loved it. In the portal you have unlimited time, the only rules; don't get caught. Simple. 
             Every day in the portal was a minute in the real world. For days I watched Hitler, studying his patterns and habits, then I struck. I started out small, moving things during the night to different places, stealing documents and plans for war, you know the usual. I began to pick up the pace, I would set up little speakers in the walls by his bed and whisper in the darkness. He got so panicked, he eventually moved rooms. I didn't stop.
         I let him rest, let him believe he was safe, before flipping the mattress out from under him. He didn't sleep that night. The next night, I moved entire rooms around, I flipped paintings upside down, left messages scrawled in walls everywhere. Then one day, I slipped a small knockout drug into his nightly drink that he had been taking to help him sleep. He woke up the next day with words carved into his skin. 
He cracked. He ran into the streets, screaming and raving like a madman. Eventually he was detained and sent to an Asylum for the deranged. When he was there, I dressed as a doctor, walked into his room, untied him and threw a short rope on the floor at his feet. As I left, I hummed a song I had often chanted during the night, I didn't see his face. 
Then the simulation was over. Hitler had hung himself. I may not have killed him with my own hands, but I gave him the tools and made sure his last few nights on Earth were as Hellish as possible. 
That is how I won last years tournament. I mind fucked Hitler. 



PS; I know my grammar is not the best and I apologize, I just like to write. I hope you can forgive that and at least found the story entertaining.