Johnathan, Johnny, and John

It was a cold day in Toronto, Canada. The Hockey game had recently ended, and a single man stood up against the wall in an alley, a hockey shirt with a maple leaf embroidered on it covering his torso as he looked up towards the man in front of him. A ruggish guy with a loose hoodie on, a smirk on his face as he pointed a knife towards the smaller man's neck.

His victim was named John... And John wasn't alone.

On his right shoulder, a young man with a short, but fancy, hairdo, a small, curly moustache, and a Victorian suit adorned with a top hat covering his body, and a monocle over his right eye.

"Have you tried a round of parley? Maybe this man is just looking for someone to converse it!" Johnathan spoke, taking the pipe from his mouth.

"No one gives a damn about your parsley bullshit." Another man spoke from the left shoulder. A greased up pompadour stood up from his head, and he was dressed in a black, studded leather jacket, a white shirt, and some worn jeans. He stood up with a cigarette in his hand as he made a punching motion with his other.

"I say we clocks dis guy and go home already!" Johnny said, giving off a smirk.

"Dear lord, must you always be so brutish?"

"Hey, if you wants to see brutish, you should see my mother-in-law!"

"Oh please, like any lady would waste her precious time with you, of all people."

"SO YOU THINKS YOUR FUNNY, EH? IT WON'T BE SO FUNNY WHEN I POUND YOU INTO NEXT WEE-"

"Guys, please!" John said, his attacker giving a confused expression for a second, his two companions straightening up on his shoulders.

"Just hand over the money, and you won't get hurt. It's simple."

John grit his teeth as his hand slowly reached towards his back pocket.

"WHAT?" Johnny said immediately. "YOU'RE JUST GONNA HANDS YOUR CASH OVER TO THIS PUNK?"

"Indeed." Johnathan nodded. "Though I abhor violence, I'd rather you not hand over our well-earned money."

John shook his head as he took a deep breath. "What other choice do I have?"

"None." The attacker said. "Now hand it over."

"HEY, WE ARE NOT HANDING OVER OUR MONEY. KAPISH? DECKS DIS BOZO SO WE CAN MOVE ON."

"Or at least try to talk him down."

"IT'S JUST A KNIFE. WHERE I COMES FROM, WE DEALS WIT' GUNS. DIS IS NOTHING!"

"Now, now, Johnny. Never underestimate an opponent's capabilities."

"How about I *overestimate* the amount of punches it would take to shuts ya up?"

Fortunately, between their bickering, a bit of luck would come out.

"Hey! What's going on over there?" A guy shouted from the entrance of the alley. All four of them looked over as a man in a Toronto police uniform began approaching the scene.

"Fuck!" John's attacker said as he immediately sprinted away, leaving his victim behind... Alive, thankfully. Instead of chasing after him, the Officer walked up towards John and gave him a pat on the shoulder.

"You alright there?" He said, smiling lightly.

"Yeah... Thanks for the help, eh? Sorry if I caused you any problems." John replied, giving out a hefty sigh.

"Hey, it's my job! You take care of yourself now, and stay away from these alleys."

"Yes, sir." John replied, nodding.

"So you lucksed out." Johnny said, as they walked out of the alley. "That don't mean I can't teach you a few moves for next time!"

"Or at least work on improving his conversational skills." Johnathan replied.

"Hey, good idea! We'll teach him how to intimidate too!"

"That is *not* what I meant!"

...
*About an hour later*

John walked up to a local Tim Hortons, letting out a small sigh. He was still shaken up from nearly getting mugged.

As he opened the door, a girl who was coming out immediately bumped into him.

"Ah, sorry!" John said, and she just gave a small smile as she nodded.

"HEY, LOOK OUT WHERE YOU'RE GOING! WE'RE WALKIN' HERE, YA KNOW!" Johnny shouted from the left shoulder, as Johnathan let out an annoyed sigh and facepalmed.

"You are aware that she can't hear you, right?" He said, looking up towards her as she looked directly towards the two, eyes wide. "...Oh dear."

"L-look. I can explain." John said.

A couple minutes would pass as John sat down in front of her, a coffee in his hand as he slowly took a sip.

"So, uh... Who are you guys?" She spoke, her eyes constantly darting between the three faces.

"Name's Johnny. Johnny Russo, from Brooklyn, New York. Dat ove' der is Johnathan, from Whereverthefuckshire, England."

His companion cleared his throat into his fist. "Downtown London. Sir Johnathan Crawford at your service, pleasure to make your acquaintance." He said, giving a small bow.

"And, uh... I'm John Smith... From here in Toronto. Not nearly as interesting, I know." John said, forcing a chuckle.

She gave a small smile in return. "I'm just Mary. Also from Toronto. So what's up with these two anyways? How'd they get there?"

"Well... It's kind of a long story, eh? Happened aboot 5 years ago. They claimed to be my... previous reincarnations."

"Yes, that is correct." Johnathan said, adjusting his bowtie. "Our soul is quite special indeed. Though how a marvelous gentleman like myself turned into such a hoodlum is beyond my expertise." He said, giving a glance towards Johnny.

"Hey, you're just jealous cause I actually know how to live!" He replied, giving a shrug.

"If your definition of living involves incarceration." He said, rolling his eyes.

"Wait, wait..." Mary said, holding her hands up. "You guys are... past reincarnations? So, how did you die."

"Well..." Johnathan started. "I grew up with a rather well off family from London. But I had the misfortune of being born in a rather complicated time period. I, unfortunately, perished along the borders of France during the early years of the First Great War."

Mary nodded soundly as she looked towards Johnny.

"I got blasted by some punk from a rival gang in da early 60s." He said casually, making a finger guns with his hand and made a small "Pew" sound.

"And, I haven't died." John shrugged. "Not yet anyways."

She chuckled. "You know, you're pretty interesting John. How would you like to meet up this weekend?"

"Wait... Me? I'm like the least interesting person in this conversation."

She shook her head. "I don't think so at all." She said, writing her number down on a small napkin. "The fact you have them at all is pretty interesting to me. I'd like to learn more about you."

"O-oh... And I guess I would like to know how you saw them at all."

"See? We both have a reason to talk to each other!"

The conversation went on a little bit longer before John eventually walked out of the building.

"DAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT!" Johnny shouted, throwing his hands in the air. "IT'S ABOUT TIME YOU GOTS INVOLVED IN DIS WHOLE DATING SHEBANG." 

"Yes, jolly good show, mate. I say, we must get you some proper attire! Fear not, my dear John, I shall teach you everything I know about being a gentleman." Johnathan replied from the other side.

"Aww, thanks guys. Time to go home, eh?"

"Yeah, whatevers. Just grab me a hot dog on da way der."

"You are aware that you can't consume it, correct? You are, after all, just a spirit."

"Dat's funny!" Johnny replied. "Last time I checked, so were you! Yet every time we talk you asks for a knuckle sandwich!"

John sighed as the two started going at it on his shoulder. "What a strange life."