I grew up in the nineties. I bought comic books and I went to school, I studied and did my homework.I kept my head down and I most certainly didn't rock the boat when I came home in order to avoid the wrath of my step dad. I had friends just like every other kid.When I hit eighteen? I joined the army and did twelve years across four deployments and then when my number came up I was medically discharged. Waking up from a two week coma and a new set of unwanted metal implants rubbing my spine the wrong way. Non-critical so I'd have to wait a few more years before they finally came out. It wasn't until I turned thirty-two that the world lost its mind.

The Meta-Human Revolution.No one knows where it started really. The first 'super-man' was a Russian cosmonaut who survived re-entry and impact at terminal velocity with the earth. Something about explosive decompression aboard the ISS or something, I never paid attention to the news. I did however pay attention when I stopped at the local DMV to get a replacement licence since I had to renew it in a few months anyways and the building was a whirlwind of activity. Some punk kids didn't like that they couldn't get fake ID's and decided to do what stupid kids with too much power at their fingertips do according to the news. They started trashing the place. Gusts of wind, walls of fire, I think one punk kid had lightning powers. Let me be clear, I don't know what my power is. But on that day? whatever my power was, it saved lives when those kids turned around after I told them to sit the hell down and knock it the hell off. They did in a heartbeat. And I'm certain one of them wet themselves.

I managed to avoid the newsies, but the cops... Man. I just want to get a bite to eat and here I'm staring at a bank robbery in progress across the street from the little quiet cafe I liked to stop in at. If the Cafe wasn't a crater, I wouldn't even be entertaining the idea of walking into that bank and dragging the idiot who blew my favorite place to eat up. I'm pretty certain the cops wouldn't say anything if he bounced off the steps a few times...