I'm not kidding, I held that envelope in my hands from when I got home from the doctor's office, until sunset when my flat-screen sprung to life and Jeopardy started up like it had ever other normal day before that. If Stanford had still been around, I'd have ordered him to shut it off, quick smart, or he would have already done so. Stanford always read the mood just right. 

Now off, I missed the distracting sound and the room was just me and the letter again. Well, I steeped my gut, I bit down hard, and my bejeweled letter opener made swift work of the adhesive seal. And the paper was in my hands. And the news was what I had expected; even with all this time living alone, I knew what those sorts of downcast gazes mean, it must have been a special case, because even the receptionist had that uncomfortable look.  

So I took a tumor to the neck, and that was that. No friends or family. Too late to realize that the shitty things that I was always doing would leave me estranged and alone from everything I held dear; and all that I held dear I only know I felt just so about now that i had stripped it of myself. I would curse this cursed life if not only for the fact that I had cursed it myself, the curse finally made manifest in the bulbous mass beneath my throat. 

So then, just then after I had read the letter, I took leave of my empty mansion and trudged through Beverly Hills, I think I went left out of my door, I don't know. By the time I realized where I was it was midday the next day, I had a splitting headache like none before it and I was smack dab in the open walkways of Santa Monica. I had left the house in nothing but a night gown and an old pair of briefs, and I reeked of the cognac that I had been using to mask my sorrows as of late, and the off-milky smell of my sweat. I had a strong sense of obligation to myself to wear this garb until the day of my death; suddenly disgusted by my triple-tiered wine cellar, my Pollocks, my four acre aquarium and my Aston Martins. 

I placed myself next to a gentlemen who looked like I felt, eyes unfocused, a permanent marker in his left hand, an unfinished cardboard sign in his right, which read:

"Ex-veterin 
God ble-"

God ble indeed. I sat there for who knows how long, then when I noticed he was asleep I took the small amount of change from the plastic cup on the ground in front of him and bought myself a bottle of water. When I returned, and had that first sip, and felt the cleansing chill of that most precious thing, I had my epiphany, and did the last bad thing I will ever do, I took the unconscious mans sign from him and scrawled my atoning verse to the universe:

"Trillionaire Walter Bennet here. Have been a fuck-up all of my life. Next good deed, however small, will earn all I have ever owned."

And I spun the sign around abruptly, and waited, wincing. I did not see coming how long I would actually wait, though, I myself had never read anything that was on a homeless man's sign. Darkness began to fall, and my neighbour, woke up, turned to me and said, "thank you, pilgrim", and fell asleep once more. 

It must have been 3am when I looked up from our empty change cup and saw a lady of the night staring at me, chewing some gum and generally slutting it up, with some jeggings that were ripped at the ass, and fake tits up to her eyes scantily covered with a bright red tank top. She was reading the sign incredulously, the gum doing laps of her mouth as her snarling mouth worked it over. 

"You for SURE ain't no trillionaire, papi", she drawled at me, her gigantic fake eyelashes catching the night breeze. "Nah, nah, no way."

I smiled a polite and drained smile at her, then looked back down the street. And she stood there. Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed her expression change. 

"That Rolex is real, ain't it? Fucking right it is! Oh shit, and your robe right there is Dolce Gabana ain't it? Shiiiiiit Motherfucker!"

I noticed that in fact yes, my Rolex was on my rest and was peeking sheepishly out of my gowns sleeve. Kudos to this tramp for noticing the make of my robe. She was still talking. 

"So, any good deed huh? I just gotta give you a dime and I get it all then?"

Suddenly I felt defensive of my life's worth... I still wanted to be rid of it, but maybe not for a dime. But, I knew of myself, this wasn't something I could really go back on. The sign said what the sign said. She was patting where her pockets should have been, and upending the contents of her purse dramatically. 

"Shit! I ain't got no change. I just put my last bit of skrill at home, fuck it!"

I smiled the same smile and looked to the right now at an exuberant young couple walking down the boulevard together. From here it looked like they were tourists, drunk and reveling in the sights and sounds of the area, but that might have been my will for them to be just that talking. I looked back over at the hooker. She was holding my gaze now. 

"You know, we could go around the corner and I could help you out another way, yeah? I ain't risking no herpes and shit but I got some wet wipes here, and, I could like jerk you off or some shit?"


Once the sun had risen, her and I took a very abnormal trip to the bank.