"Oooh, 5 dollars off any 2 boxes of soup," Geraldine excitedly remarks as she passes through the isle. Her cart is swaying, and as she pushes it through the isle, a wheel suddenly pops out.

"Shit. Hey, you, can you help me?" The shop worker comes over, and looks at the wheel.

"Oh. Let me get you a new cart." The store clerk walks away, buzzing in his radio to signal someone else to help.

Kristoff Van Stefansson. A weird name to Geraldine, but not as weird as some others. You see, Geraldine knew that that was the name of the store clerk. It just appeared in her mind the first time she looked at him, in blazing black letters blocking her view for a moment. It was the same with everybody, but, being in South America, the name was out of place. 

"Here you go." The store clerk, Kristoff, had brought another cart, and began helping her load her items into her new cart.

"Thank you so much, Kristoff." 

"I'm sorry?"

"I said, thank you so much, Kristoff."

"Kristoff? Kristoff?," The shop clerk began crying, but also aging, before Geraldine's eyes. "No one has called me that in a long long time. Centuries even." Suddenly, the 25ish store clerk now looked around 400. 

"Who are you?"

"I am guessing that the better question is, what, or why, are you, because you clearly know who I am."

"Fine. What and why are you?"

"I am Kristoff Van Stefansson, a Swedish physicist from the 1600s. I worked on a project called the Odödlighet project, or in English, the immortality project. We have members all around the globe, and we live secret lives, and we are never, well, rarely found."

"Wait. You said the 1600s? That would make you...?"

"Exactly 361 years, 104 day, 13 hours 36 minutes and 48 seconds." The physicist interrupts. 

"So I am guessing it worked? The project?"

"Yes, it did. Well, partially. What happened was that were able to cause a geological anomoly at our workplace, and put our sample device in the center. And it worked. We just need to head back there every ten years to keep ourselves alive."

"Are you saying you caused the Great Swedish earthquake of 1721?"

"No, actually my wife did. She made a kind of technology too advanced even for today's knowledge. In fact, all of our technology is far too advanced for today. However, you may be able to help us. We have some dead bodies of people who we found in houses linked to our work. You might be able to find out their names. Are you free Sunday to take a week-lomg flight to Sweden?"

*First time writing and on a phone, any feedback is amazing.*