First time poster, non-native english speaker so please be gentle..

With the last Sunshine of the Day, Robert finished his temple. Well, Temple might be too generous to say. Honestly he just nailed a few boards of old, rotten Wood, he found, together. With a lot of Fantasy it could be a kennel. And with a lot of Fantasy, and a lot of that cheap Bourbon it could be a Temple. And Robert had a lot of Bourbon in the past few hours. At least he fixed a Candle in the middle of the three wooden Walls with the old chewing Gum he chewed for the whole Day. 
He lighted the candle at the very moment he realized he went out of Bourbon. “Pffh,” he grumbled disappointed, but forgot instantly what he wanted to complain about, after that. So he headed to his Ol’unfaithful , how he used to call his tractor. When he approached him and started the engine, wishing it would start at least, he could hear that coughing noises it made when it decided to work. 
Now Robert had two choices. 
The easy choice would contain “Jimmys Chimney Bar”, where the Chimney wasn’t existing at all, “Jimmys world-famous Bourbon Bonbon Bonus Shots” what was nothing else than cheap ass Bourbon, some old pink sugar prinkles, and of course, more cheap ass Bourbon.
The ordinary Choice would lead him Home to his wife Alice. There she would ask him how the Day at the Farm was, what he did to secure and optimize the harvest in a few weeks, and why for Gods Sake he was smelling like Scotch after a full day of Work in the Sun.
“So, how was your Day on the Fields?” Carston asked him through his half full Glass if Indian Pale Ale. As if Jimmy would ever serve something so extraordinary. It was the cheapest beer he could find but somehow he needed to explain that odd flavor. So Jimmy decided to put every week another “Beer of the Week” on the Menu. Robert thought a few seconds about answering the question, well knowing that Carston forgot the question right at the Moment he asked him. Pretty sure he already forgot that Robert was there at all.
“Pffh” Robert said. More to himself than anybody else. But then Jimmy approached again “Roobert, Bobby, Bob, B-to-the-O-to-the-B! How can anybody in the World look so depressed after five of my world-famous Bourbon Bonbon..” “Shudd ubb” Robert answered before just one more second of Jimmys annoying self-praising. And he recognized he sounded way more drunk than he felt. “C’mon Bob, here at my place, nobody needs to look that sad! Except me, looking at the money you owe me.” Jimmy said to him with this odd desperate almost-laughing sound in which people want to hide truths but don’t want to mention them. “Ah seriously Jimmy?” Robert answered in his deep Bar-voice he always had after long Days of drinking while working. “Look,” he continued “I need Gas for that old green bastard parking in front of your Place. I need money to put food in the fridge. And of the-gods-knows-why Alice needs money to fill up her closet more than it already is. So please Jim, don’t be like my ex High-School love and now Wife and just let me drink in silence until I fall off this chair and you throw me out like every other Wednesday.” Jimmy caught a deep look in Bobs face. And after that, he placed another big Glass of the cheapest Whisky he had found in rural Kansas over the last years, in front of him and vanished. Well knowing he would never see a Nickel for it.

“Pfh.”
Robert turned around.
“Pfffhhh”
Robert put his hands in front of his aching eyes but refused to open them.
“Pfffffffhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!”
Robert turned on the other side again. Wondering why his Bed felt like solid ground.
“GOSH DAMN REALLY!!?” Somebody screamed in Roberts ear.
He opened his eyes. 
First he realized the reason why his overpriced mattress felt like Ground. Because it was! He laid on his fields, just in front of this Temple he build yesterday half drunk, and his brain felt like some corrupt CEO secretly bunkered every radioactive Garbage he could find over Night in his Head.
And his old Coal in his throat.
After that he slowly spotted an old and tiny, shriveled, angry looking Man with a Cigar in his left corner of the mouth. The cigar wasn’t burning and looked like it could be easily ten years old due to its desiccated tobacco. And Robert couldn’t guess the age of the Man at all. Somewhere between fifty and eighty-nine was the closest he could think. But the few hairs he still had on the back of his head were still black, so who knows. And he tipped his left tiny foot in those beat-up brown shoes impatiently on the ground, only a few steps away of Roberts head.
Robert couldn’t handle the situation at all. So he did, what every right-minded person in his situation would do. He got rude.
“Who are you? And who gave you permission to put just one step on my very own Ground?” he asked almost screaming. Of course it would have been way more impressive he wasn’t laying in his own spit on his own ground, and a voice that sounded like in a cheap fiftys Dracula Movie. 
“Udid!” the angry Dwarf in front of him answered. 
Just as if this would explain anything.
“What the…!” Bob wanted to shout but the last word wouldn’t just come out.
“Nobody is cursing near a millenia old spirit like me!” the person answered immediately. “Well except that old spirit itself.” He mumbled quite after that. “And another God of course.” He now almost whispered.
“What!!??” Rob shouted so surprised that he almost forgot his Hangover. Almost.
“As I said,” the tiny and still obviously bad-tempered Man began, and a little little smugly smile came to his dried out mouth “ I am Udid. God of the Booze. Patron Saint of Barkeepers. Tutelary Saint of every Hangover.” He spoke with overwhelming confidence. “And holy to the puke.” He muttered so fast that nobody could understand it. 
