The sun shone in through the blinds as I struggled to open my eyes. My eyelids felt tired and heavy. I tried to sit up, but my body was losing its fight against gravity. Old age was weighing me down. I shifted slowly in bed and felt my wife waking up next to me.

"Sorry I woke you, Jaz," I whispered to my wife.

She rolled over facing me and yawned softly.

"Sixty years and you still call me Jaz."

Her eyes were a light shade of blue. Once, they had been the color of sapphire. Her skin, once as smooth as silk, was worn down and wrinkled from the long passage of time. Her hair that was once fiery blond was now warm gray. She was still as beautiful as the day I first saw her.

"I'll keep calling you Jaz until I breathe my last breath."

I shut my eyes for a second and could see a faint number; 7212. My mind wandered for a minute, questioning why the number was so high. I had never needed to relive a day before save for a few select times. I relived the day of our wedding for about a week, and that was the last time. She always gave me better days than the ones before. I never had to relive a day because I knew that the following one would be better.

"Honey," she said, waking me from my daze, "Do you want some coffee?"

"I'll make some. You stay comfortable."

I got up and dragged my feet to the kitchen. After brewing some coffee and making a light breakfast, I went out to the small garden outside and picked some tulips, her favorite. I placed them all on a tray and brought them to our room, the tray shaking the whole way. 

"Aw, honey, thank you," she said lovingly as I placed the tray in front of her. We laughed as we ate in bed, reminiscing about all the years we spent together. A lifetime with Jaz. I wouldn't trade a second with her for the whole world. 

Before I knew it, the rays of sunshine were gone and the sun had disappeared from the sky. 

Like clockwork, Jaz fell asleep. Sometimes she would fall asleep after a bout of laughter with a smile on her face. This was one of those times. It was one of the things that made me fall in love with her all over again fifty years after we got married.

But this time was different. As I moved in to kiss her, I noticed her chest wasn't moving. 

My heart sank as I came to the dreadful realization. My eyes flooded, tears streaming down my face and dripping onto hers. 

"No, Jaz, no. Don't leave me, please. Don't do this to me. Don't go before me. Please, Jaz."

In my stupor, I remembered the number I saw in the morning and figured out why I had relived this day for as close to 20 years; the last day I would be able to spend with the love of my life. I had always told her I didn't want to live a single day without her.

I kissed my love and wiped my tears from my face while I lay down next to her. My heart clenched, and then slowly eased its beating. I felt at ease knowing that finally today, after a long time, I would be able to follow her where she was going.

"Jaz," I whispered.