It was brisk. An extra jacket tucked in his back in case it decided to dip lower. Jay shuffled down his normal path, the occasional corner stop met by the normal gaze at his constant shadow.

"Ever get cold?" 

He knew not to expect an answer. A smirk crosses his face as hot breath steams the air. He'd grown accustomed to it. Well him. Jay gave it a story of his own many years ago in his youth. Made him less scary.

"When you release my story, make sure to say I'm better dressed than I was."

A light jog took the mid 20's man off into the Chicago dusk. Having a silent stalker seems like the kind of thing to break a man, drive you to insanity. Always watching, waiting...writing. Never speaking, and always doing some ghostly fade whenever he tried to grab a glance of the notepad. Jay gave up trying to figure him out years ago. Instead he used it as his motivation. Valedictorian of class in high school, excelled through most of college (aside from that slip up where he fell head over heels for Cadence of course.), and now he was prepping for graduation. 

"All thanks to you right? Can't have you ruining my story by telling the bad stuff."

He laughed again as the spectre's ominous pace seemed to always keep up, but never seemed to do more than walk. Impressive given Jay's marathon history. But this was how he managed. His motivation. The man was writing Jay's story, or so he thought. So he better make it a good one. His Father had planted that idea in his head, assuming the mention of a follower she couldn't see being an imaginary friend.

Jay's attentions shuttered from reminiscing as an ambulance tore past. His grin faltered as he heard tires screech and the ambulance ban a right and seemingly halt around the corner. "Oh no..." 

He knew this area like the back of his hand. Born, raised, and loved this corner of his world. He new the neighbors by name and loved them like his family, and was well loved in return. The concern, was he knew there was a mother around the corner, she'd struggled with her health off and on and everyone knew she was not long for this world. Bad heart, they all said, but no money, no donor, no chance. Her and her husband had always struggled but...that was the way of things.

Jay bolted around the corner, only to have his suspicions confirmed. She lay stiff, being loaded with care into the back of the ambulance and a little girl with eyes of amber came sobbing up to him. "Mr. Jay! They're taking momma. They said we have to stay here with daddy....she's going to be ok right? Daddy won't say anything." 

"Yea sweetie, she's gonne be just fine." Jay's smile was all too practiced and genuine as he glanced up at the steps. Sadly he knew the mans gaze, one of someone who knew his fleeting time as husband was slipping through his fingers. "Gav...hey...it'll be ok." 

The older man shook himself a little, glossed eyes as he forced a smile. "Hey Jay, hopefully my little one didn't bother you. She'll be fine...just...another spell. Right?" His voice shook with a bit of desperation, searching for some comfort.

"Just another spell." Jay echoed. "She'll be ok. I promise." He felt terrible, but he knew that Gav needed the comfort. He needed to be strong for his girls. They exchanged a few words, Jay offering to bring by some dinner later and not taking no for an answer and shortly after, he stepped back on his normal jogging path.

It was hard for him to see, he was raised by a single dad and knew the path was not easy. His thoughts were interrupted as he collided directly into someone. "Oh god. I'm so sorry I was..."

His jaw fell. Jay had run into him. HIM. 

"Thank you."

"You...you speak?!" It was like a child confronting its monster. The veil had fallen. He could be touched. He spoke. The safety net had fallen and Jay was horrified. He grasped at the mans clothes frantically, "What...who are you?!"

The man faded from Jay's grip, and began down the road. Away from Jay. Away from where he had always been. A new-found fear gripped his chest. He had always been there and there was a comfort he realized in that. 

Jay ran. He ran harder and faster than he had in a long time. It seemed like with every step Jay made, the spectre found two more paces away. As they made it into town and the suited man weaved through the masses, it tucked into a narrowed alley. "A dead end.." Jay thought as his legs pounded against broken asphalt. As he rounded the corner, he heard the soft -click- of a door shutting. With full force, Jay barreled into the door, only then realizing he'd never seen the door. A dimly lit office, peculiarly well kept yet dusty met his vision. The suited man calmly, quietly, opening a cabinet and holding the notepad. "You...you have to explain..." Jay's breath was ragged, he hadn't really thought this far out. His whole world was upside down at the specter's change in behavior. "...please..." Jay fell to his knees and sobbed, "I don't understand..."

The suit turned, for the first time ever Jay could actually see him. He'd always seen a man...in a suit. But no details. Sun tanned flesh, wrought with wrinkles and decorated with dark hair, peppered with white. A strong hand rose, pointing to a small screen in the corner. 

Jay rose, squinting to make out the image in the grainy monitor. He saw....himself. Laying in the road. He staggered backwards, "Wait...what..."

The suit sat down, and placed a picture of a woman in Jay's hands. It was Gavin's wife. "Turn it over." His voice was strong but...reassuring. It was an unnatural ease that fell over Jay as his trembling hands as he rotated the image.

-She'll be ok. I promise- Was scribbled on the back. Jay's face scrunched. "I don't understand...What does she..." Jay went back to the monitor, an ambulance had arrived now. "Is...am I..."

The suit sighed. Then chuckled lightly. He placed the notepad on the table. THE notepad. Jay stepped towards it slowly. It didn't phase out like it always had and he reached for it carefully, ever watching the suited man. As his fingertips touched supple leather, the suit laid a hand over Jay's. "You, of soft heart and kind soul, are destined for greater. And you will leave this land as you lived it, a kind and generous soul."

"So...I am dead." Jay said in a hoarse whisper. "Are you..."

"No...no. I am a watcher. And your...story..." He smirked as he flashed the book. "Has just begun. The ambulance will find a living will, where you donate your heart to Gavin's wife. She will dedicate her life to your ideals, and your hometown will grow, prosper, and become a beacon of hope to others."

Jay sat in shock. "I...I see. Alright. Alright." He took a deep and slow breath. "I guess...I guess this is it. I'm ready...what's your name anyway?"

"Many names I've gone by...but Charon is my favorite. But don't fear Jay, you have much more to accomplish. After all, many have been waiting to meet you." With a gesture, the road behind them shone, almost as if glittering gold and a host of spirits rose, applauding the young man. And as he took his first steps into this new venture, his halo was only dampened by his smile.


------------------------------------------------------------

New to this, hope you enjoy!