"So... there's no underhanded tactics at play here?" I asked, amazed at what I'd just heard. 

The doctor stared at me quizzically, bemused by my odd question. "Er... no Mr. Gordon. It's just as I said - the world is finally at peace. There are no wars, disputes, petty squabbles... nothing of the sort."

My face held an expression of absolute bewilderment. "What about racism, sexism, fascism... and all the other isms?" After all, there must be some form of hatred in the world.

This time, the doctor had a warm smile on his face. "It's just as I told you Mr. Gordon... no more petty squabbles."

*No more petty squabbles.*

Was that really possible? Had humanity evolved to such an extent in the past ten years that the perfect Utopia had finally been created? A bunch of doubts raced through my mind, but it was the simplest - and at the same time, the most complex - question that escaped my lips.

"*How?*"

The doctor took a deep breath. Clearly the answer to that question wasn't as straightforward as I'd hoped it'd be. "If I tried to explain everything it would take days. Let's just put it like this - humanity's flaws have been eradicated. Sustainable development is in full force, and our once dying planet is slowly recovering from their past transgressions."

I breathed a sigh of relief... before comprehending the meaning behind the doctor's words. I tried to get a word in, but the doctor continued with his explanation before I could speak my mind.

"The future is bright now, after a long time." A wry smile formed on the doctor's face as he continued talking. "Your people have been a thorn in the planet's side for far too long, and we were created for the sole purpose of removing these... *parasites* from the face of the earth."

I tried to move, but my muscles hadn't been used in over a decade and I fell to the floor. My body refused to obey me, and I stared in abject fear as the doctor walked slowly towards my limp self.

"And now, humanity has been completely wiped out." The doctor straightened its arm, and I looked on in horror as a sharp, thin blade extended from the android's wrist.

"Well... *almost* wiped out."

I gasped as the doctor shoved the blade into my chest. My hands clutched the  bleeding wound as I gasped for breath - but the hole in my lungs wouldn't let me. The floor around me was colored in a rich shade of crimson as I breathed my last.

------

Hi! If you liked this story and want to read more tales like this, please consider subscribing to my new subreddit, r/Ritwik_Mitra!

EDIT: Altered a stupidly worded sentence.