"Mortal, I tire of your visits. Your kind is not meant to live this long ... and the actions you've made? I care nothing for human squabbles but even I have heard murmurs of your little acts. Just what are you scheming?"

He looked at me with an unflinching, cold stare. Something only a man who had experienced a multitude of loss could produce. It even gave me shivers.

"I'll proceed with the ritual."

I handed the same dark, steely coin as I had throughout the ages. One side with my scythe and the other with an hourglass. 

He flipped it while keeping his unflinching gaze on me. His confidence was unnerving and at this point I just wanted him out of my office. It's a good thing he couldn't tell my expression with my hood on.


The coin flipped and unsurprisingly, landed on the hourglass. He grabbed his coat and proceeded to leave my office with his black mane of hair gliding behind him. His grey hairs started reverting to its former black color with every step.

"Hold still, mortal."

He turned around and his gaze was even more intense than before. He was not one to waste time, but I had one dying question for him.

"Mortal, if you answer my one question I will add one more century to your hourglass. Now, tell me. What plan are you embarking on after you set foot outside my office? Your actions throughout mankind's history have been a thorn in my side, however I am not allowed to interfere."

"I am an actor now."

I thought to myself incredulously, an actor? He had been the cause of the most deaths throughout all of human civilization. The Crusades, Black Death, and tobacco just to name his most well known exploits. This cannot be right. Why would he expose himself like this?

"Soon, I will have enough in my treasury to enact my plans."

He left a kind of glossy, rectangular container on my desk, and with that he departed. I picked it up and carefully opened it. Inside was a black rectangle with a label affixed on it. It read, "Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure".





This was my first submission to this sub! :) I had to do it, since I was disappointed that no one made a story about this actor (as far as I know from ctrl+f his name). I appreciate any feedback whether it be concerning the content of my story or any grammatical errors.



