"Any news from Moscow?"
I sat up in my seat. For one hundred years it had commanded the hall of conference, this cavern of stone. It was rather comfortable. I somewhat wished, in that regard, that the world above me would become more like my chair. 
"Sorry Sir"
Henry had been monitoring transmissions for the last twenty hours
"It's been all quiet on the eastern front since twenty three hundred hours GMT - Vladimir and the New Red Army have barricaded the Kremlin."
Zombies, I assumed.
"'All quiet on the eastern front' isn't a thing Henry. Also do the robots have the nukes?"
I asked again - having forgotten the answer from three hours ago.
"No Sir. A state of emergency was declared in every country on earth approximately twenty one hours ago. Protocol Four-Seven was initiated at five hundred hours GMT.  To prevent enemy acquisition of atomic weaponry we shot all twelve thousand, one hundred and fourteen warheads at the city of Detroit."
Ah yes - they all told me that aliens were coming - "nuke the space lizards" they said - but I knew the real problem. 
Fucking Detroit.
"The robots are proposing a truce"
Henry called from the doorway to the radio room after what was likely several hours.
"We just received an email from the YouTube algorithm. To summarize their proposition - The toaster men are having trouble killing some green bois and want the help of every remaining military force on earth or else they'll delete our channel."
Some time passed as I considered this information.
The last remaining satellite passed over our location - I requested to see the image of the United States - to see the condition of the earth around me. A faint line of green stretched towards our bunker. I had the image zoomed and enhanced - using technology which we had kept secret from all but a select group of Hollywood producers for years. This was no line - it was a rank of green figures who marched for miles across the country to our location. They were no lizard men or zombies. As they destroyed the blast door and marched in - I realized with horror, these men, still glowing a sickly colour, came from Detroit.
