If this had been the first time Richard Tenter sought help, he would surely have turned away. The gates were crusted over with rust, the grounds were awash with leaves felled by autumn’s vengeance, and of the twenty, thirty windows which adorned this side of Mount Hope, only one still flickered with light from a determined candle. The mental institution may have come highly recommended by the last psychiatrist he had seen, but it surely had seen better days.

But the drowning clutch at any straw which float their way. Richard parked his car, hopped over the fence, and wandered through the halls until he found the room he was looking for. He briefly dwelled on the fact that there were no other patients he could see, but the prospect of being healed was too tantalizing for him to hesitate. 

Richard knocked, waited a respectful moment, then walked in.

“Please, have a seat,” said the doctor. He appeared to be in his thirties, still trim and lean around the middle, but he exuded a commanding presence which comforted Richard. He was flanked by a female nurse, herself similarly energetic and alert. “I’m Doctor Farrer, and this is Nurse Heather, she will be assisting me today.”

With the rehearsed execution of a hypochondriac, Richard recited the relevant features of his medical history, and with formalities out of the way, dove headfirst into the crux of his ailment. “I need your help, doctor. I… I think I may have killed my daughter.”

“What do you mean?” asked Doctor Farrer, the nib of his pen hovering in the air, unsure of the path it needed to take on the notepad.

Richard retrieved a notebook from his jacket and slid it across the table. It was well-made, with a reinforced spine and treated leather exterior, but the pages within had been referenced so many times that the pulp had long yellowed and curled.  

“I was leaving for work, like any other morning. I was almost out of the driveway when I remembered the reports I had left on my dresser. I reversed, and I felt a bump, a small one. I thought I had hit the pillar, perhaps angled my car wrongly, but then I heard my wife scream.”

“You hit your daughter? You didn’t see her?” asked Nurse Heather, piping in.

“She was four, and I had no idea she had run out to see me off,” Richard said. “She had never done that before. There was nothing I could do for her. I drove to the hospital myself, forced my wife to carry her, but the doctors there… ‘injuries incompatible with life’, they said.”

“And you would like help with… dealing with that?” asked Doctor Farrer. “I’m very sorry for your loss, but you should understand, that’s not what we deal with here. We aren’t grief counsellors, what we do actually is-” 

“I know what you do,” Richard said. “You deal with loonies. And that’s why I’m here, because that’s what I am.”

Richard flipped through the notebook, past the pages where he had neatly pasted pictures of his family, across the newspaper cut-outs of his trial and sentencing, to the discharge slip the correction centre issued him. “My problem began here, doctor. I returned home after eight years, by myself of course, my wife ha- sorry, ex-wife had moved out of state by then. I thought to say a prayer before I sold the place, just to tell my daughter again I was sorry, but at that same driveway, at that very spot… little Betty came toddling out again, like she had all those years ago.”

“Your daughter? The same one you… injured?”

“Yes, my Betty. The same bushy locks, the same satisfied grin. I thought I had gone mad, doctor. But she was real, she had weight in my arms, she laughed when I tickled her, and she squealed when I hugged her too tightly. I had thought I had no more tears to yield, but I cried there like the day I was born.”

“Tell me,” said Doctor Farrer, as he leaned back in his chair, a frown knitted on his brows. “Do you or do you not think that is… normal? That your Betty was somehow still there, waiting for you?” 

“Oh, it is completely insane,” said Richard. “I picked up on it fast enough. For one, Betty was the exact same age she was, whereas a full eight years had taken its toll on me. No one else could see her, and she neither wanted for food or water, just my company. That leaves me with only one possibility, doctor. And that is where I’m here, to see you.”

“To be clear,” said Doctor Farrer, “are you seeking medical help because you want to… *stop* seeing Betty? You do know that if I treat you, and you are cured, then Betty… will go away?”

Richard smiled, and his voice trembled as the brimming droplets marked their path down his cheeks. “I know in my heart I hurt her, Doctor Farrer. And I feel that… seeing Betty there like that, all safe and happy… it makes me feel like I’ve cheated, I think. I don’t deserve to still have her in my life. And I’m worried too. What if whatever I have gets worse? I need help, please.” 

Doctor Farrer twirled his pen for a moment, lost in thought. “I’ll tell you what you have,” said Doctor Farrer eventually. “It is plain enough to see. You have not truly, *truly* moved on, Richard. Betty only manifests to you because there is a weight you carry around, deep inside. I will not prescribe any medication for you, indeed you should not spend a single night here. Instead, I will write down for you five steps you need to take. They are going to be the largest, most difficult steps you have ever taken, but keep at it, and eventually you will arrive at a place you could not imagine.”

“Where’s that,” asked Richard, a wry smile on his lips.

“At forgiveness, Richard,” said Doctor Farrer. “Trust me. Go home, pin that up on your wall. Stare at it every morning when you awake, if you must. But once you have achieved them all, Betty will leave. She will find her peace, and you will find your freedom.”

--- 

Richard’s car, a tiny speck in the distance, could no longer be heard. Its throttling engines no longer rattled the panes, and it was only then that Nurse Heather spoke.

“I know when I’m being lectured, Doctor Farrer. You should stop gloating.”

“I wasn’t trying to be cheeky, I promise. I just genuinely believe in the advice I was giving, and if he was willing to take it, who am I to argue? It is nice, for once, to meet someone not quite as stubborn as what I have to deal with.”

Nurse Heather drifted to the window, her palm leaving tiny crystals of ice on the other side. “It’s not that I don’t try, you know. I do, I really do. But every time that I close my eyes, I can hear them too, hear them all crying for-”

“There’s nothing to hear,” said Doctor Farrer. He arose himself, placed his hands on her shoulders, with just the right amount of force. Any more and his hands would have passed right through her. “They are all gone, every single one of them. I’ve spoken to them all, and not one bears a grudge still.”

“But… it was all my fault… the candles… if I had *just* remembered to check on them… they wouldn’t have fallen… and the fire… it wouldn’t have…”

Doctor Farrer turned back to the table, and scribbled furiously. He tore off the sheet, then pasted the ephemeral note on the window, right in front of Nurse Heather. 

“Step One, Nurse Heather. Accepting that what has happened cannot be undone. Will you repeat that after me?”

Nurse Heather did, haltingly at first, then again, and again, until she could do so without tripping over her words. Then she recalled the conviction in Richard’s eyes as he left, and she said it again, with feeling this time. Her form shimmered briefly, and for a split second she had dematerialized fully. Doctor Farrer noted this, and the smile spread across his lips.

“If I manage this… will you go too?” Nurse Heather asked.

“Right after you,” he said.

---

/r/rarelyfunny
