Ariel undid her ponytail as she sat up from her desk to walk shyly out of class, when she noticed a smiling man in a tuxedo smoking in the back of the classroom appear in a flash, and then disappear. 

“Uhh,” said Ariel, as she picked up her backpack she just dropped. Everybody and the teacher had already left, when she walked back to the corner of the room to see if it was just some optical illusion. She spun the globe on the table back there, and bit some dried skin off her lip.

Then she heard the ominous dark laughter echoing through the classroom. 

“Uhh nope,” whispered Ariel, as she speedwalked towards the door. 

A breeze blew through the open window, and slammed it shut so hard the hinges weakened. 

She tried to open it. She turned the handle some, turned around, then turned the handle some even harder when she saw a strange floating black mist approaching her with half his face an on fire skull, and the other half healthy, though a strangely icy blue. His eyes were fire and ice as well, red and blue. 

Ariel screamed as she backed away, and dropped her shoulder down to break the door down. The hinges caved in, and she was sprinting down the hallway. 

She could hear whispers in the halls, as she ran. 

“Ariel’s always acting so weird.” 

“What’s she running for *again*.” 

“Wish she’d just talk for once.” 

Ariel turned the corner, and ran through a crowded hallway. She shut her eyes as she cried, and sprinted the halls she knew so well. 

When she re-opened them, she was alone at the entrance of her school, dimly lit like it was nighttime. 

The floating man approached from inside the walls. 

“You don’t yet know your powers Ariel,” he said, with his arms folded, and his eyes particularly fixated on her recently dyed pink hair. 

“*GET AWAY FROM ME,*” she shouted, as she bumped into a locker then sprinted towards the exit. The branches outside were swaying in the breeze, as she bumped into a tree scrambling away. Some textbooks fell out of her open bag. She didn’t take the time to run back to them. 

A voice came from the clouds. 

“Use your powers against me Ariel,” said the voice, as a floating storm cloud became his face fiery face. 

“*WHAT DO YOU WANT*,” she cried, as she threw her hands at the air. 

Pink leaf petals flew from her arms, at the sky. They sliced through the clouds, and revealed the sun behind.

There was a sudden distortion in the air around her, as the reality around her re-became a bright, sunshiny day, and all her classmates leaving school for the day. 

Ariel collapsed to her knees, bending inwards, and breathed heavily staring around for somebody nearby. 

She felt a hand on her shoulder, and screamed for her life.  

“*Hey.*” 

Ariel turned around, and looked at all her classmates shaking their heads and continuing to walk to their rides. 

“Blaine?” said Ariel, just a little embarrassed. 

“Yeah,” said Blaine, holding out her textbooks. “You dropped this.” 

“Thanks,” she whispered, putting her hair behind her ear. She looked at him a few more times, before dropping her head and walking away back to her house five blocks away. 

She was a ways away when she heard him scream from behind her. 

“Hey Ariel!” 

She turned around, and put her hair behind her ear again. She thought she saw black mist again. It was only the exhaust of a car driving by. 

“Yeah?” she mouthed out, looking down some. 

Blaine smiled and put his arms out like he was enjoying it. 

“Your hair looks great!” 

Ariel rummaged a hand through her hair, and nodded some while she speedwalked back to her home. 

It was a normal day, with birds chirping in the distance, cars passing by, a cool breeze flowing past her skin. And she was growing more confident that what she’d experienced was only a hallucination. 

Then, she felt an icy hand come across her wrist, as she froze. 

“I know what happened to your lost brother,” he whispered, as the mist enveloped her being and cast her into his shadow. 

“I don’t even have a brother,” whispered Ariel. 

“Strike me down,” he said, gripping her harder, and shutting his eyes as he stared at the storm clouds. “Show me why they said you must be my next apprentice.” 

Ariel shivered as she froze, then cracked through the ice and threw her arm into violent circles until he let go.  

She shouted his way so loud it made her own eardrums bleed. 

The windows of thousands of houses broke all around her development, and made the man floating in the mist stare at her with horrified eyes as he splintered away in misty pieces and disappeared. 

Ariel waited in the silence, as mystified onlookers came outside their homes and wondered what had sent such a shockwave through the development. 

Ariel could only hearing the ringing in her ears, and the distant voice that seemed to be everywhere. 

Even within her mind. 

*Good,* he chuckled, as she felt a cold breeze pass her by, and darken the air of the forest in the distance. *Very good.* 

/r/Oscar_Relentos