The name on my back was a funny conicidence. "Amy Smith" in small, bold ink was on my neck. As a kid, I'd sit on the bathroom counter, pull my up, and stare at the name. My name. My parents were scared of what it meant. Would I ever love anyone else? Would I kill myself because of it? While that would have been a more interesting story, it wasn't exactly the case. My name was a very common name so I was hopeful. Elementary school passed. Then middle school. High School went like a flash. College and med school felt like an instant. I opened my own practice alone. I was always alone. I went through life looking for girls with the same name as me, but I never really connected with anyone. I realized that I can't just wait for dreams to come true. 




With a little science and a very lucky lightning bolt, I did it. I cleared the tattoos from the body I stole. I gave her some clothes and put a fake ID in her pocket. For final touch, I tattooed my name on her arm. I picked her up and took her to my car. Keeping my eye on my watch, I made my way to the beach and dropped her off on the sand near the water. Between the ocean and the rain, she'll be plenty wet by the time I drove back around. Five, four, three, two, one. She should be awake now. Pull off to the side and run towards her, looking as startled as possible. 



"Miss, are you alright?" I asked. She looked lost and confused, not having any memories and all. The plan progressed smoothly. She found her ID. I took her home. I introduced the tattoo idea to her as subtly as possible, the goal was to make her think she was remembering it herself. One day she pulled me aside, eyes filled with sincerity. She nervously yanked up her sleeve. Success! But do I love her?  I showed her my neck. But do I love her? Filled with excitement she leans in to kiss me, but I don't love her. I made my own soulmate... Does she even have a soul? Is that why I don't love her? I pushed her back and walked away. "I-I need a minute." 


I threw myself into my work. Amy, my creation- my monster, kept trying to get my attention. She kept trying to find out what she did wrong. It wasn't her. It was me. What did I do wrong? Should I try it again? Then one day, I finally found out my problem: He walked right through the door. One of patients came to me with a strange tattoo problem. "Well, show me." I say. He fiddled with the bottom of his pant leg, most likely where the tattoo is. He explained that it used to say Morgan Glanderdale and Anthony Shoemenn. "And then a few weeks ago Morgan changed to Amy's Monster." My face turned pale and I had to hold tightly to my desk to stay standing. "Please wait here, sir." 



I rush out of the room and called Amy. Of course it didn't work. Her soul was was that of someone named Morgan, not Amy Smith. The suggestions I planted to be memories of this society weren't suggestions, but real memories. I didn't create life. I brought this women back to life. She was my monster, but she wasn't a monster. Just because I covered her tattoos with my own doesn't make her mine either. When she arrived, I let her into the room with my patient. I left. I drove home, crying. 

Amy, Morgan, whoever you are... I'm sorry. This is my story. By the time you read this I'll be gone. I guess I'll never know who my soulmate is, but at least I know my killer. I leave everything to you and your soulmate.
I guess I love you because all I can think about right now is you.

I love you.

- Amy Smith