I still recall the day the doctor delivered the bad news. I was clenching my wife’s wrist in anticipation, the room feeling as hot as summer despite the blizzard outside. I was sweating when the words came out. “I am so sorry sir, but you are undeniably infertile.” Infertile…

We wanted a baby regardless of how it came into the world, and so we made the decision to have sperm donated. Where I’m from, the donor doesn’t have to disclose his information so he can not be blamed if the baby turns out to be dangerous. This was the case for our pregnancy. It was cheaper to get an unnamed donor because most parents wanted to have the information. We couldn’t afford such, so we took what we could get. Whoever it was, he must have been special. The news came to call him a God or the devil; they didn’t leave out our baby in their hate speeches.

It had been fifteen years. After just three years, the media had gone crazy. “A Most Magical Motherhood” read the headlines. We had reporters at our doors more than you would believe. Throughout the fourth and fifth year, tensions began to rise. The whole world knew of our pregnancy, and everyone was waiting for this incredible baby to come. 

It was around the sixth year that opinions began to change. Many came to believe that my wife was the next Mary, for she even had the same name. They would praise her and some even try to pray at her feet, and she began to stay in the bedroom- only for them to pray outside of the house. There was a small group of others, however, that believed the exact opposite. They believed that this was the coming of the antichrist, as the Bible said would one day come, and backed this up by the near loss of Christianity altogether, except for those that believed in my Mary. These people were very expressive of their opinions and became something akin to a terrorist group. They would shoot lightning strikes at us and our city, set fire to our country, and try to shapeshift into those close to us to take us out from the inside. By the end of the sixth year, we were shut-ins, guarded by heavy security and never to speak a word to the public.

Years passed in that house, and I no longer knew of the word that spread beyond it, but with each passing attack, I knew that that small group must have grown into something larger. We had no technology to check the news or remain updated on world events, for fear that another technopath might again find a way to hurt us from our very own appliances. We even had to be guarded while bathing, after someone controlled the water in an attempt to choke Mary as she showered. Most people had to be very close to use their powers, so we always wondered what was going on outside of our now incredibly secured home. All we knew was that a very strong defense was put up and that people still prayed outside, as a guard told us at one point. Mary wondered if some were pretending to pray to get close and I agreed that it was likely so.

I spent years staring at the wall and eating what the guards brought in. I became incredibly fat, with the only other activity being to read. Mary has always been very artistic, so she was lucky in that she had a few other things to do, such as playing her now rusted trombone or painting the entire house, and then painting it again. Unfortunately, the guards were only willing to bring in food and necessities such as toilet paper. We wondered what gave them the right to control how they care for us, but they were just sent by the government one day, and so we decided it best not to argue. Mary still did sometimes when her hormones were high, and they were forced to restrain her.

It had been fifteen long years of waiting, not knowing of anything around us, when one day Mary began to leak like a river. She was contracting and more than one pair of hands were pounding in her stomach; we assumed over time that it must not be very human looking. Mary wanted to get an abortion when she first noticed this, long before the security and acts of terrorism. 

It was almost the fifth year, and we went to a Planned Powerhood, a place for people that had to get rid of babies that were becoming a threat to the parents. The ladies at the desk immediately recognized her and made it clear within the first thirty minutes that nothing could be done about this baby, though they said they could not explain why… Looking back, perhaps the government we trusted was trying to control our pregnancy from the very start.

The guards seemed to have this moment planned, and they called in for even more security so that they could take my wife and I away to a hidden location reserved just for Mary’s birth, as another guard finally told us. They snuck us out by putting us in the large food cartridge, perhaps another thing that had been planned out, and knocked away the people that crowded them in an attempt to get it. ‘So they’ve been rioting out here all along,’ I thought as I tried to look back at what I could tell from what little was visible looked no longer like our home. We were pushed for quite a long time, with guards staying back to keep anyone away, and perhaps hours later reached the grassy area where the man-powered helicopter waited. We reached the secluded location another few hours later, and one of the guards had to control Mary’s body to keep the baby from bursting out on the spot. After being in one spot for years, the experience no longer felt real, and I fainted and remained that way for the remainder of the ride. 

I recall being woken up to Mary lying in the bed, far too many doctors dressed in what could be considered armor surrounding her, the guard still waving his hand around at her stomach as the doctors spoke to him about the preparation time needed. Once I found my legs, I was able to walk over and watch my wife more in fear than anything as her face contorted to express the worst pain anyone had ever suffered. I could still hear the voice of multiple doctors state “Ready” at the same time to the guard, and I could still see his hand drop and hear my wife’s sonic scream that deafened everyone else in the room- we were such a perfect match because I was one of the only people able to endure the sounds she could achieve. 

The others in the room fell or shook their heads or looked around at their now deafened ears, and I was the only one watching as a head popped out. Soon followed the rest of the body, and there were no other parts. ‘Perhaps he was shapeshiting in the womb,’ I thought just a moment before another head popped out. Soon came another, and another, and then one final heave, and the first doctor to accept that he could no longer hear helped move the newborns out of the way for their siblings and follow basic procedure. My wife looked down in surprise, and I know that at that time I wondered what the world would think when finding out that we did not have special babies. My wife had simply been the first woman ever to give birth to identical and incredibly magical quintuplets. 