I took my seat in the dining area. Behind me, the golden arches could be seen, symbolizing a gathering point for humans to acquire food for low cost. The "food" was mainly sodium and glucose, appealing to the humans on a primitive level. The ones responsible for this franchise were truly genius. The humans only want salt and sugar, both which could be acquired at a low cost. These people could charge whatever they wanted and people would buy it. Truly brilliant.

For what must have been the tenth time that day, a human approached the counter, bellowing about some kind of sauce that had recently gained popularity from a television show. The human behind the counter wore a nametag with "Tiffany" printed on it. She seemed exhausted. The male human was being rude, very rude.

I never understood why humans were so cruel to each other. It is not the female's fault that they didn't have what the male wanted. She was not responsible for supply. She appeared young, barely an adolescent. Yet the male acted as if she intended to upset him.

Another male appeared from a room behind the counter. He wore a tie. "Manager" was printed on his nametag. He immediately berated the poor female.

"Tiffany", he sighed. "Why didn't you check the stock last night?"

"I didn't work last night", she replied, visibly upset.

The manager disregarded her, apologizing to the man. The first male was no more satisfied with the manager than we was with the female, Tiffany. Suddenly, the first male threw his food on the floor, stomping on it. He left, ignorant to the mess he had created. Or maybe he did not care. It was difficult to tell with humans.

"Clean that up", the manager demanded, retreating back to the room he had appeared from. Tiffany, now beginning to cry, nodded her head.

She walked around the counter, picking up the larger chunks of food and putting them into the trash container beside her. Protocol dictates that I not interfere with human interactions. However, nobody told me that I would witness such casual cruelty.

I had seen enough. I stood up and approached the poor woman. I began to gather up the food with her as well, placing it in the trash container without a word. I feared my difficulties with the human dialect would betray me.

Initially, Tiffany just stared at me. I worried I had done something wrong. Or blown my cover. She wiped her eyes and departed, returning shortly after with a human sanitation device. A moop, perhaps?

The floor was cleaned shortly after. I stood in front of her, not sure how to proceed. I began to turn, intending to leave before I did any more damage to my operation.

"Wait", she said. I turned back, only to find her arms locked around me.

Incredible. I had seen human displays of affection. Hugging, holding hands, even kissing. But I had never participated in these acts. Another agent said he had discovered whole archives of bizarre (and revolting) displays of human affection. A web domain called "PronHub".

Tiffany released me, wiping her eyes. "Thank you", she said.

"You are welcome", I replied. A standard human response.

"Nobody has ever offered to help me", she said. "I wish everyone would just treat each other the way they would like to be treated."

She left, walking back around the counter.

"After all", she said. "That's the Golden Rule."