The children he says over and over again.  As he tears threw his work shop grabbing and tools and reworking them into hideous instruments of torment.

The workers cower in the coners of the cavernous workspace, that was dedicated to bringing joy and continentment to the children of the world. Except on nights like this.

When the world grew so dark, that not even the wonders they worked could bring even a moment of happiness to the most innocent of mankind.

And there jobs changed,for the season. And so would they.

As there once jolly and joyous leader worked himself into a frenzy, he changed. The red from his cheeks spread threw out his face in frenzyed rage, each labored breath melted his plump shrinking him until his suit itself became like a second skin.

A single figure in the room sadly thought to himself that he was looking more like his brother. But his brother wasn't so angry, in his own way he was jolly because he was fulfilling his purpose. This was going to be madness and pain unequal in measure to the joy the now fallen saint onece brought.

And look, his brothers and sisters were being pulled into the insanity. The diminutive body's began to stretch into gaunt emaciated monstrositys. One by one they left the his side and moved onto the work floor to aid in the destruction and perversion of this onece sacred place.

They threw so much coal into the fireplaces that the fires begin to eat the room burning it to the bare rock behind the wood. When the flames hit them they laughed as it became part of them, and deformed them even more. And when the flames grew to hot it split there body's into more terrible brothers and sisters. "Joy was what onece brought us more family, " the lone elf thought to himself, "I hope this isn't there new joy. " he added hopelessly.

Tossing over the train station so the toys melted and the paint turnd to burning mist. They beat what was left of the metals into chains and hooks,and hung them from the ceilings and walls.

Some began to break up the floor boards and dig into the earth mining it for coal and growing the work space.  "He said we're to expect many guests. " the lonely one thought as he tryed to save a few toys for the newcomers before they were pryed from his hands.

At last the burning saint was ready to begin his pilage, his clawed hands pulling down what was left of the once beautiful mahogany doors.  And he ordered new ones be put up that could withstand the heat and strong enough to keep the intended in.

As he began to step out the one true faithful elf called his name and asked how long it would stay like this. And for a moment the mad smile feel from his face and doubt replaced it. But as his eyes looked they locked upon a burnt doll, the soul surviver of the mayhem. Then picked it up and crushed it.

"That's not my name anymore, " he said with pain and rage in his voice.  "It will be this way until they respect innocence more than domination!" He bellowed, to the cheers of his frightful children. With that he stormed off into the night.

At last a fire began to grow in the lonely ones heart and change him as well. Not of anger but righteous fury and hope. This new home would need order and guidance, someone to remember it's original purpose and strong enough to guide there father back to it. The flames inside blossomed his form into something so beautiful and radiant it was terrifying to his family, he would command respect and loyalty on sight alone.

He stepped forward and onto a leathery parchment coverd in names and ash. "Well at least you got to keep your old job ".