"Howdy, neighbor!" 

Words fell on deaf ears, or no ears for that matter. Glassfinger fell backwards from his feet in horror. A figure in a white coat detected where he was even though he was clearly out of sight. How can they detect him? These creatures have only two eyes and they only face the front! If anyone were to be superior at detecting lifeforms, it'd be Glassfinger.

Oh, dear, he's showing his teeth and his mouth is in the shape of some hideous crescent. Is he to be eaten?! In a panic, Glassfinger punches the lifeform and runs back to his ship. Pondleaf, his best friend and coworker of many standard Dirt Circles, is sitting in his chair and twisting his chromatophores at jokes on the Onesday comics while chocking on a toke of coughweed.

Glassfinger slaps Pondleaf to get his attention. "Ow, dude, no need to yell right in my skin," Pondleaf mumbled.

Glassfinger didn't care that he couldn't understand what pondleaf said. If wanted to be heard, he'd speak in brighter colors.

"He saw me, he had big white teeth, and only *two* eyes! And he had these hideous funnels sticking out of his head where a pair of eyes should be! He appeared intelligent, but if he were trying to talk to me, he'd change color instead of showing his teeth, and, and,..."

Pondleaf closed his eyes. Glassfinger was talking so loudly that he was almost flourescent, no, glowing in the dark. He couldn't help but close the eyes that were facing Glassfinger. In agitation, Pondleaf slurred his colors together into something untranslatable, but it pretty much meant "Shut the Hell up. You're overreacting as always."

Glassfinger fretted hard. "What if our boss finds out? What then?"

"He won't find out. He doesn't care. Science is a shit industry for smart people who are too fucked up to go to college. He hates his life as much as we do and only does his job to get more National Currencies."

Glassfinger paced around the room a few more times until he sat down unable to react. Not because he pulled himself together, but because the situation was beyond understanding, and when that happens, there is no appropriate reaction to have. But after a few minutes, he decides to cry.

Pondleaf offers him his joint, but Glassfinger declines. Pondleaf purses his lips and checkers his skin in regret of not helping Glassfinger at first, at how he keeps forgetting that he has Anticipatory Dread Disorder. Pondleaf strokes Glassfingers elbow softly, which is the Tactile Voice of saying "There, there." Then, in the palm of Glassfinger's hand, he explains himself by pressing, tapping, and rubbing in grammar.

"Look, you just have anticipatory dread, you just need to keep it in check. I know it's easier said than done, but you got me to remind you when you're about to capsize. We're gonna be fine. My hypothesis is that their head-funnels are a sort of sensory organ that detects atmopheric vibrations and turns it into a sight of some sort."

Glassfinger takes a deep breath and pulls himself together. "Yeah, that may explain why he never changed color. But if those head-funnels are a kind of eye, how come he also has normal eyes like us?"

"I don't know, evolution was just kind to him. Maybe that organ doesn't do what eyes do, but it helps what eyes do."

"We can go from there. I'm going to bed."

"Get some sleep, Glassfinger. You haven't slept in standard Dirt Twists."