The motion had ceased. The ebb and flow of energy had been pinched off.  Time had been undone.  Dark and cold and stillness filled what little was left.

 Though the entity was beyond such constructs, it was aware of the interminable past that would have stretched behind it.  Collecting and cataloging all the aspects of life as they extinguished, it was a grand experience. 

Now the final task, the opposite one, the other. When thoughts managed to occur in the entity's mind, it wondered who came first.  Clearly each was dependent on the other; but was one predicated? 

A small mote of light and motion still struggled against the encroaching blanket.  The entity approached the light and gently welcomed it into the shroud, cooling the light and calming the motion.  

With a sense of completeness the entity folded in on itself drawing the last light further in and attempting to snuff it out.  The size of the entity was unknowable, unfathomable, uncomfortable.  As it shrunk on itself the shroud drew back from what had been.  It is place was nothing.  Not emptiness or bare rock, but nothing at all. If there was a consciousness to perceive the void, the mind would likely self correct and bend the universe to see the other side. 

Again time was interminable. As the entity fell back into itself it felt the pressure of all the life it had once observed and absorbed. The last small mote was still shining and shifting.  The compression around it was suffocating. 

Slowly the entity came to exist as a single point, the shroud entirely drawn in on itself. This point was now the all of the universe. All the life, all the knowledge, all the struggles and triumphs.  As the entity truly became one with the force of life, it too lived.  

It's life was brief, but most spectacular.  The entirety of the universe existed within it for a fraction  of a moment.  In that time though, it experienced all with a depth of feeling and understanding. 

And so too it experienced death.  Strange but familiar, being taken into an embrace with others who had lived just as quickly and brilliantly.  