The killer sat in a dark corner of the room, Watching his victim, waiting for him to wake up. He was almost giddy with his success, he’d been watching his prey for weeks now. He knew that he kept his doors locked, and he had a large dog, a boxer that liked to bark, that the killer wanted to avoid. He knew his victim lived alone, rarely meeting up with people, he knew his victim worked at some bullshit desk job at a travel agency, answering phones and then redirecting calls. He’d actually talked to him once, over the phone. the guy seemed friendly enough and wanted to be helpful. Perfect. Most importantly he knew that every three nights he walked through a secluded park to a convenience store, picked up some cigarettes and walked back home. 

The killer let a shit eating grin across his face as his victim began to stir, he was zip tied to a barbers chair the killer had picked up at a liquidation sale for 50$, “best 50$ investment I ever made” the killer thought to himself, fondly remembering other victims who’d sat in that chair. It was bolted into the ground and swiveled easily, he was quite fond of spinning it around and around, listening to his victims whimper behind their dirty gag. 

His victim lifted his head and looked around, dazedly taking in his surroundings. He made a muffled noise behind his gag, the killer couldn’t tell if he was trying to talk or just making noise. The killer spoke up “well good morning sleeping beauty” he said with an overly cheerful tone and a wide smile on his face “I’ve been planning this for quite awhile now, I’ve been hunting you for weeks” the victim was glaring at the killer “if looks could kill...” he thought to himself, suddenly glad he’d double zip tied his victims arms and leg as and belted him into his seat. This man wasn’t his normal victim, at 6”2 and probably around 200lbs he wasn’t somebody he’d want to face in a fair fight. Luckily this wasn’t a fair fight. “I know everything about you, you know,” he continued “I know where you live, I know you have a dog named Brutus, I know you work at scheinmann travel... we actually spoke once, over the phone, do you remember?  You seemed like a ni—“ the killer was cut off by the sound of someone knocking on the door to the basement. He glared at his victim and hissed “not a peep or I swear to god I’ll cut your dick off and serve it to you in a burrito made from your skin you worthless fucking fuck! “

He then turned to the door and yelled “WHAT!?” A woman’s voice answered back 
“Kevvie it’s time for dinner” 
The killer screamed back “IM IN AN ONLINE MATCH MOM!”
The killers mother replied “well just pause it, you know how your dad hates cold food”

“ITS AN ONLINE MATCH MOM I CANT PAUSE IT, IT’LL RUIN MY SCORE!” The killer screamed back at her.
The basement doorknob jiggled as the mother tried to open it. Her voice picked up an octave when she yelled “IVE TOLD YOU YOURE NOT ALLOWED TO LOCK YOUR DOOR, NOT WHILE YOU STILL LIVE IN MY HOUSE! YOU HAVE THREE SECONDS TO OPEN THIS DOOR BEFORE I GET YOUR FATHER! 

The killer sighed exasperatedly before bounding up the steps and unlocking the door, he cracked it open and stick his head out. His mother glared at him and asked 
“why is your door locked?” 
The killer replied “because I like my privacy” 
His mother pushed the door and saw the panicked look in the killers eyes, she said suspiciously “kevvie, open this door right now, or you’ll be grounded for a month. The killer dejectedly hung his head and let the door swing open, revealing his victim to his mother. She let out an exasperated sigh and said “oh kevvie, not again... we can’t keep covering this up for you, their going to catch on eventually and then you’ll be in trouble, do you want to be taken away from me and your father and put in prison? Do you know what they do to handsome boys like you in prison?” The killers eyes started to shine with tears and his lower lip began to quiver. His mother quickly pulled him into an embrace and consoled him, she said “it’s ok sweetie, just once more wont hurt anything, let’s go eat dinner and then you can play with your new friend, your father and I will help you clean up afterwards but this is the last time ?” The killer nodded and then followed his mother out of the basement, locking the door behind him.

The victim convulsed in silent laughter trying to swallow his guffaws, and fighting back tears. He had known the killer was a fucking loser but this was even better than he’d thought. He hadn’t known the parents were part of it, but that was ok too, three sickos for the price of one. He went to work on the zip ties. 

After dinner the killer was feeling much better, he went back down to the basement while mommy and daddy watched some stupid reality show. “God this country’s going to shit, how the fuck do people watch that? The people on those shows are literal refuse” he thought to himself in contempt. His victim was right where he left him, on the chair with his head hung dejectedly. The killer closed the door behind him and walked down the stairs, giggling to himself about what was going to happen. He got down the stair when the victim looked up, his gag gone and said “hello there” The killer froze in shock as his victim stood up from the chair, “you will make a fine addition to my collection” the victim said with a snort at the end, as the killers legs turned to jelly and he slumped to the ground as his victim towered over him.  The killer continued “I’ve always wanted to say that and you’re probably the only killer I’ll meet who’s a big enough loser to get it, I’ll give your regards to mommy and daddy but before we begin let’s make one thing clear; you weren’t hunting me, I was hunting you”.




I typed this on mobile so I’ll apolo in advance for formatting and spelling errors