The television screen flashed before my eyes partially illuminating the darkness of my apartment living room, looking around I came to the realization that I no longer knew what show was on. Glancing to my left the clock on the wall read 9:13pm, it had been four hours since I last smoked a joint which would explain why I was no longer enthralled by cartoons. Shutting of the TV I rocked myself forward and off the couch, shaking my limbs loose and rolling my neck I decided on smoking the remaining roach before settling down for bed. As I made my way toward the kitchen table a sudden pounding broke the calm dark silence of my apartment. 

Curiously I looked to the door wondering who I knew that would be stopping by so late on a Monday, when a second louder round of banging shook the door. Feeling a mix of irritation and cautious paranoia I approached the front door as whoever stood on the other side let loose with a third round. Feeling rushed I opened the door without checking the peephole. 

On the other side I was met with a stocky round faced man in a dark hoodie and track pants, I immediately noticed the expression carved into his face showing barely suppressed anger. I felt my face pale as the previously loud man stood stock still and silently affixed me with a red hot stare. I had no idea what was happening but it wasn’t shaping out in my favor. After several more moments the man finally broke through the silence “Who the fuck are you?”, despite the still cemented look on his face the words came without so much as a hint of aggression. I instantly went from worried to confused, “I..wha-...wait, who are you?”. Shattering his angry grimace the man partially mirrored my own look of confusion, for a moment he looked about to speak, but then stopped himself. Further wrinkling his brow he reached into his pocket and pulled out a torn piece of paper and looked from it to my apartment number, then back up at me. 

I saw the look of menace suddenly reappear as he walked forward pushing me back into my apartment, letting himself in, and closing the door behind him. “Who do you think you’re fucking with prick?” he growled, all the while stepping to within inches of me backed against my own living room wall. “I know you called Antonin’s Pizza, you can’t lie to me, and I know this is 2052 Sun plaza, apartment 5c.” His eyes narrowed to beady slits buried in his fat round cheeks, glaring as if daring me to dispute what he said. But it was true, that is my address and I did call to Antonin’s earlier but just as a joke. I had called and demanded a cheese pizza with no crust, amidst my drug induced high I had started giggling hysterically almost immediately and hung up before I even heard them ask for an address. Could they really be so upset that they sent someone to my house to intimidate me? Apparently satisfied with my nonresponse the man’s gaze relaxed just slightly, he glanced around taking note of my dark and sparse apartment before turning back to me and pointing to a chair “Go, sit down”. As if to punctuate the command he pulled from the folds of his hoodie a dull black pistol, holding it at his side he stared at me, apparently waiting for me to move first. 

Suddenly in a panic it dawned on me that in a matter of moments this situation had gotten away from me. If this seemingly dangerous and unstable man wanted to hurt me he could do so very easily after having let himself into my home, part of me wanted to resist, to stay glued to where I was, but the idea that he might point the gun at me if I did was enough to make the decision for me. Never taking my eyes off him I slowly backed over to the chair he had indicated and sat down. “Look” I began to plead, “I don’t know-“ suddenly he cut me off “You know exactly why I’m here! If you treat me like some kind of idiot one more time this conversation is going to end a lot faster than you want it to” raising his voice above a growl but keeping it below a yell. “Who told you that you could order a cheese pizza with no crust?” although it was a question it sounded more like an accusation, partially due to the fact that while I sat he remained standing a few feet away between me and the door. “Look I’m sorry, it was just a joke, I didn’t mean to upset any-“ a blinding flash of white hot pain exploded across the side of my head as he leapt forward with surprising speed and grace for such a large man, striking me with the barrel of his gun. His face filled my view before I could process what had happened “I said, no..more..BULLSHIT, you think I’m fucking with you? That you can just jerk me and my boss around?” he spat before once again assuming his position just out of reach. In that moment I felt that it was important I respond quickly before things got any worse, but my mind was a blank. How did this happen? Just a couple minutes ago everything was fine and now this, I had no idea what this guy was talking about. I slowly started shaking my head as my brain began to catch up with the situation. “Look” I said more firmly, “I don’t know what your problem is, I have no idea who you or who the owner is, it was just a prank phone call”. Despite the throbbing in my skull I stared back at him with a look of what I hoped was firm resolve. For a moment there was silence and I let myself think that perhaps I had gotten through to him and he had realized he was making a mistake. Then without a word, he slowly raised his gun, and pointed it at my head. “You have five seconds to give me the snitches' name”. I wasted two seconds in a mental blank as I felt an unexplained warm liquid spreading down my pant leg, then without warning the damn broke and the words couldn’t tumble out fast enough “I...nobody! Please! I don’t know what you’re talking about, nobody told me to call it was just a prank, I was high! I thought it was funny, please do not shoot me! I’ll never call again! I swear! I didn't mean to offend anyone...I..I just thought it would be funny” he looked down at me with cold dark eyes set in a hot red face “Time’s up”. 