Spunkula da Spelunka stopped undead, lapsing into the arms of Bram behind him, fangs grazing his throat.

"Plan B!" cried Bram. "Plan B, hand me the stake! He's relapsed!"

Spunkula coughed in his face, which was alright because he never ate garlic.

"Calm down, I don't bite."

"Must have tripped on that silly cape again," said Sam. "Gets caught all over. It's a wonder he gets anywhere pointy and interesting."

"This is different," said Spunkula. He dusted off his ridiculous collar, sending motes of dried blood and stone-dust into Bram's nose. "I hit a glass wall, kinda. I need an invite."

Da Spelunka and invites? Creeping high-kneed on tiptoe in the comforting shadows of caves, he'd follow trails of ancient blood to whatever he invited himself to. Spunk didn't need rules. Except when it came to sucking the crew dry, which there hadn't been any complaints about.

"Spunk... so someone lives here?" Sam shivered. "A - a human?"

"Humans!" whimpered Bram.

Spunk sighed. In his Russian accent, but in the tone of an obedient schoolboy: "May I come in?"

Echoes.

"Deaf humans," said Bram, slightly pacified.

"So you'll have to go on without me for once. Recon."

Bram and Sam nodded.

"Remember the credo, kids."

"Daylight sucks?"

"No, the other one, about facing death. 'I will walk boldly into my coffin.'"

Sam shook his head. "You do it every morning."

The two humans walked into the darkness.


"Looks empty," came Sam's call back.

"Great. Time for the ole Spunkaroo. Since you're a human and you're in, invite me."

"Come at me, bro."

Spunkula got in step with the two of them. Cave drawings by torchlight, their shoes and the black maw ahead. Spunkula couldn't wait.

They were through the hole and into a passageway where the drawings grew redder and redder. Then they saw him. A dead human, the neck almost comically gashed, splinters of esophagus poking out like straw.

"And there's another one," said Sam, pointing. "They live here."

"No wonder they didn't answer," said Bram.

And soon Sam and Bram joined them on the floor, Spunkula dipping his paintbrush in the holes in their necks and doodling on the cave walls.