Gaia's Pulse, that's what they called it. The day the Earth died: March 16th 2094. They say there wasn't a cloud in the sky that day, a beautiful parallel to the chaos that would ensue. 

Many people hadn't noticed the faint mist that sat on the ground, with occasional bolts of golden energy dancing throughout, covering the entire planet, trapped beneath the concrete jungle that we had smothered Her with. We learnt most of this from camera footage later but still nobody understands the cause.

The best comparison is the earth being engulfed in a gentle resonating shockwave, it didn't harm anyone; didn't destroy anything; hadn't affected anywhere. But everybody felt it. The Earths final breath.

Not long after the first baby was born in China, healthy, loud and luminescent. He shone throughout the sleeping city as a beacon of humanities evolution and its destruction. Soon after every birth was coming with its own abnormalities: Electrical discharges; Hot or cold to the touch; Animal affinity; Rock hard skin.

As the years passed, Humanity tried to kill itself off, the world we had built together was razed to the ground and slowly nature was reclaiming its land. Wars raged between ability users and normal people, millions died. Nations fell and new powers rose in there place exploiting and slaughtering their way to the top with abilities. 

We know now that Gaia's Pulse only affected conceived children, their quirk manifesting from that moment and begins shaping itself from the second they're born. Those two factors define a persons abilities, it really is based on two locations and what a child believes is possible. Everyone born in just over 9 months had an ability, an estimated 130 million babies. That number includes me.

I was born in the mountains, nothing really out of the ordinary, but what makes me really unique is where my mother was during Gaia's Pulse: Space. Her second week as an engineer on the ORBT installation, a fusion reactor meant to supply the earth for a few million years, worked perfectly until someone blew it up.

I learnt to keep that little tidbit quiet growing up, powerful or rare abilities were always sought after by the local warlords, my mountain heritage gave me some increased strength and a hardy constitution, nothing worth seizing to them. If they knew I could make objects near weightless they'd be out to get me, or kill me.

I moved around a lot, trying to survive like everyone else. Only person who caught me out was Birie, a smart little electric user that saw me move a chunk of debris to get into a old supermarket storeroom, saw right through me and she stuck with me ever since, its nice to know someones got your back. 

Nowadays we run with a group of ability users that are, honestly, more vigilantes than heroes, we hunt down the dangerous and the deranged and put them down, I specialise in stopping pyrokinesis users, it's rather hard to start a flame when you're floating in a vacuum devoid of oxygen. Unfortunately, it also leaves them with a lack of air, which is a shame. It's strange, watching someone clawing at nothingness, trying to grasp anything in their last moments, all in complete silence. Yet I feel nothing inside.

I am Cosmo Stepkowski, aged 12.