It felt good to be back home, to be snuggled up in my childhood bedroom with the smell of bacon drifting upstairs. Home. The only place I could relax, the only place I could be myself. 

Nothing ever changed here, the last time I was home was just over 6 months ago, and I swear the grass hadn't even grown since then. Dad was outside working, he worked too hard, his knotted hands looked older than his 43 years of age, and I knew that he wouldn't be able to run the farm much longer. 

His hands had always looked like that though, that is why I made the promise to myself to make his life easier. 

The arguments we had over the years rang in my ears, about me not helping him with the farm, about how he had hoped the farm would stay in the family, but what a bitter disappointment of a son I was 'jetting all over the world' instead of working like a real man... It hurt, but I knew it would all be okay, one day he would be proud of me.

Part of the contract was that I couldn't tell a soul. It didn't really bother me as it was all I ever knew, I felt blessed and chosen to be given the chance to make a difference, to choose who lives and dies in this world, creating the right balance of good and evil. 

Keeping the population at the right level was hard at times, the more the population exploded the more 'natural disasters' had to occur. I am on the team that is working on Cancer right now, we've managed to keep ahead of science so far and the death toll is doing pretty well, but I think the project is coming to a close and we will have to find a new disease as I've heard a cure is on the horizon. It was an ever changing field of play, finding the right people to infect, deciding on who is next, it's not an easy job. It involves strategy, timing, and forward planning. All of which I do well. Oh so well. 

Today was the day I found out just how well I had done, the years had gone fast since I started this job, I had started to count, but things get tricky, I mean I gave some school kids food poisoning on a school trip once, it was a dead cert that most would die but they got hit by a fucking lorry on the way home. Some died at the scene, some died in hospital but I never knew if I managed to get any nickels on that one, that's the way it works though, you just wait for pay day... 

Mum came upstairs with a cup of tea, a bacon sarnie and my post, she looked tired. Had I worked hard enough? Was today the day I could finally put a smile on her face? 

She kissed me on the forehead and wished me a happy birthday, I could see she was relieved to have me home again, her little boy was home safe and sound, not at the mercy of the big scary world, or is a dangerous place out there, people dying and all that. If only she knew. 

I found the envelope I was looking for, it was the only one without a stamp, and peeked inside. A key. A fucking key. 

I don't know what I was expecting, I guess my employer doesn't have a bank account, or a cheque book, so a key it is. The embossing on the key said 'Willoboughys 745'. The nearest town had a bank called Willoboughys so I guessed I needed to go there. 

I passed the key to the lady at the desk, who got someone to show me to vault 745. This was the moment of truth. 

I turned the key in the lock, and opened the door... 

A smile crossed my lips, the room was glistening from top to bottom with American coins. Nickels to be precise. $550,000 worth to be even more precise. The clipboard at the door contained a note. It simply said. "Good work. God."

I knew how happy this would make my dad. I love my job. 

