We always knew something was different with Her. Maybe it's because she was born during the Winter Solstice, maybe it's because she has two awesome daddies, maybe it's because she has my mother's eyes.  

At the age of 4, we had to drag her off the bully at the playground. "BUT HE WAS BEING MEAN, DADDY," she screamed as her dad threw her over his shoulder. I was left there to deal with the angry parents with their glares. This couldn't happen. 

At the age of 7, as we were walking our dogs down the street, we witnessed a robbery. She told me, "Dad, that man needs a spanking!" Her eyes were locked on to the man as he ran down the street. She let the dog, Sparky, go and he chased after the "Bad man." The dog never came back. She cried that night. Her other daddy beat his head into the cabinet when I told him this story. We were going to lose everything if this got out. 

We moved from our 3-bedroom 2-bath apartment in South New Berlin and into the countryside, so we could discipline and teach her to conform to the world that we knew.

We kept her busy. She trained the neighbor's dogs. She caught fish. She built traps for wild game. She took up hunting like a pro. At the age of 10, she could shoot moving squirrels out of trees. We taught her about the Great Lords: Adolf, Mussolini, Kanye, Blue. 

At the age of 13, I walked in on her crying as she watched TV. It was images of the Others protesting and being shot at by Peace-Knowers. "They are bad, dad! I can't believe people are letting this happen!" *Shit.* 

I tried reassuring her, my little princess. "That's just the hormones, sweetie. They won't be so bad once you grow up a little, I promise." 

"We need to do something, dad! What if this was you or me?! What makes them different?" 

The next night, I woke up to Peace-Knowers pouding on my door. To our surprise she snuck out and had managed to vandalize a Peace-Knower's cruiser with mottos like, "S@v3 the 0therz," and "Wherez da Humantity?" She wasn't the best speller, obviously, but we we couldn't let this happen again. 

To Be Continued... 






