Trillian came running out of the bathroom despite only having run in 15 seconds prior to this very sentence. I don't recall her flushing. I didn't hear her washing her hands, either.

'Todd! Todd! I fell into another dimension and what felt like seconds to you was a 1,000 years to me! I now want you to follow me back into the bathroom because I have built a life for you there!' screamed Trillian, in what seemed like a single breath. If what she was saying was true, her lung capacity certainly had increased in that timespan.

I was flabberghasted. I didn't know what to say. I also didn't know how to spell flabberghasted and google wasn't working and my dictionary was broken so I'm not going to look that up.

'*A* 1,000 years?' I asked. "Wouldn't it just be '1,000 years'?" I remembered that people talking in stories is done with quotation marks and not apostrophes. 

She looked stunned. "No, I believe it would be 'a 1,000 years' as in, 'a set of 1,000 years'. It describes a span of time." 

"I'm not sure that's true. I can't necessarily disprove it, but it just doesn't sit right with me." I hated disagreeing with Trillian. Not because I thought she was irrational by any means, but because in some cases she was a bit *too* rational for me. 

"Look Josh, you may be right about that, but perhaps in this alternate dimension they use different rules to describe numerical quantities. And, maybe it's been a while since I've used the England language." she explained to me. As if I were a child. Well, I suppose she wasn't necessarily explaining it to me as if I were a child, but it certainly felt that way. I suppose I could just be projecting my internal mental state onto her,...does that mean *I* speak down to others as though *they* are children? What does this say about me? I feel like an awful person sometimes. I know I don't deserve somebody as good as Trillian. Wait, did she call me Josh?

"Wait, did you call me Josh?" I said, stunned for a moment.

She thought for a second. 'Well...it's been a 1,000 years. What did you expect?'

I couldn't argue with her. Sometimes she's a bit too rational.