The room went still, the hum of computers growing loud in the still, poorly illuminated air of the bunker.

"But, s-s-sir..." Stammered an aid, his weak voice squishing its way through the deafening silence. The poor lad must have been less than a year out of the academy.

"You heard me, goddamnit." The General said, rounding on the youth.

"Hong Kong, Sidney, Mexico City, Tokyo, Beijing, New York, Los Angeles, Buenos Aires, Moscow, Mumbai, Delhi, Washington D.C..." The General shouted, gesturing at the images of destruction on the screens.

"We lost 83 divisions in half an hour. I don't know what the fuck they hit us with, but half of Cheyenne is GONE. The joint chiefs are gone. The President is gone. The Senate is scattered and the House bought the fucking farm. They bought the entire fucking TOWN!"

"We nuked the sons of bitches. We hit them hard. We didn't even piss 'em off to any appreciable extent. WHAT OTHER CHOICE DO WE HAVE?"

The General had come to look up at a screen, carrying one of the remaining live feeds. A bedraggled reporter was scrambling through the streets of Boulder, Colorado, a scene of abject horror spread out before her. The dead littered the streets- what was left of them, anyways. Broken masonry lay strewn about, mangled like the gore it was suffused with. The air was thick with smoke, and the sky shone a dim red for the noonday Sun.

"But General.. the price..." stammered the aid.

"I'll pay it."

Turning his back on the screen, the General strode down the corridor, reaching an elevator.

As the elevator descended he reflected back. Not such a bad life, perhaps. Not such a bad life. Granted, all his progeny were likely dead. Nearly 5 billion casualties in less than 24 hours. Gods, it was a nightmare. No, it was worse. Worse than any nightmare.

So he descended. He descended until the air grew thick and hot, and the walls were wet with moisture that could burn unprotected skin. Down here the Earth groaned and growled almost constantly, shifting her bulk against itself in the eternal struggle for rest.

The elevator ground to a halt. Deep beneath the Earth, deeper than any mine they had found the temple. For years it had been kept secret. This rock had not been exposed to the air for nearly two hundred million years. It was ancient, yet as he entered the unholy sepulcher the sweltering air began to chill. A dim light pervaded the white-veined black marble, and an altar pulsed with a dull red light at the far side.

Gods and nightmares. He would show them Gods and nightmares.

Stepping up to the altar he bent down, removing a knife from his booth.

"Well, best fuckin do it then." The General said as he gripped the blade.

A moment's hesitation.

"Aw, fuck this shit."

He tore the blade across his palm, blood cascading down onto the altar.

A blinding red light filled his vision, and he fell forward into a pool of blood.


He was floating. Flying. Far above a burning world. He saw lights below, "souls" he thought, as he flew over the world. The invaders were burning it all.

"Such devastation!" He hadn't realized how beautiful it would be. The fires illuminating the clouds below, dull red juxtaposed with the dark blues and grays of night, a shining moon above.

Suddenly, he was falling. He found himself plunging towards the waves.

"The western Pacific" he thought. Near the Marianas.

Darkness. Cold. He was wet, drowning, but he could not scream.

Suddenly, he realized. He realized just what he had done.

He grumbled in the depths, snapping open eyes that had been closed for untold eons.

He moved.

The General lifted a tentacle out of the water to pull himself up. A tentacle as broad as Manhattan.

The feast must resume. 