There's something about the first time that can never truly be replicated. The caress across the skin, the heavy breathing with each thrust, the ease of steel into flesh. Then there's the blood, so hot and crimson, spraying about to and fro. The rush of it is better than any orgasm, any drug, any pleasure you can imagine. To take a life, to be the agent of someone's ultimate fate... That's a level of power you can't match. 

Or, at least it used to be. The passing of the Criminal Transgression Balancing Act of 1976 was both a blessing and a curse. There were finer points, of course, but the basics were exactly as it sounded: your crimes would be tried and balanced out according to your good works on register in the public record. Most of the meat sacks that took advantage of the Act thought so pathetically small. Humane Society volunteering to cover for parking tickets and petty theft. Charity donation in case you thought it was a good idea to turn August 7th into National Jack Off on the Bus Day. 

It was the true visionaries, however, that tested just how far things could go. The modern-day Robin Hoods, committing multi-million dollar heists, accounted for by the proceeds of their last robbery becoming the operating budget of the local Red Cross for a year. The filthy, dirty eco-terrorist hippies running animal sanctuaries by day, bombing clear-cutting sites by night. I'm an artist, however. My palette is suffering and my brush was the blade. 

To call me a "serial killer" would be an insult. Serial killers are driven by pattern, by obsession. They target those that fit a specific type of archetype. Something that makes their little murder boners rage forward. At first, I thought I was one. I tried to focus my desires into socially righteous kills, to really eliminate the dregs of society. I'd go after the ones who didn't attempt to contribute back to the balance and the ones that the Act didn't cover. So I cut my way through rapists and child abusers and human traffickers. I heard the screams as I turned the victimizers into victims themselves. 

Then I realized how fucking stupid it sounded. What was I, some kind of self-important murder vigilante like that asshole in Miami? Really what it boiled down to was that I liked to hunt. I liked to cull. The planet simply has too many people, and some of them need to go away. My "pattern" got real simple, real quick. If you're breathing and not a child or mentally deficient, you are fully in my radar. And when you invent the method and technologies by which the country had completely eradicated its dependence on fossil fuels and remains technologically ahead of every single nation on Earth, you have a lot of time and a lot of ability to do pretty much whatever you want to whomever you want, and you can do it whenever you want. You have no idea how often I leave corpses just sitting in my front yard that I'd forgotten I'd left there a couple days prior.

That's where the problem comes in. I have cut someone in every single way, every single place, and with every type of blade known to mankind, and I am bored. So I branched away from the blade, from the speed and efficiency of it. I tried to behave, to be "normal," so as not to cause alarm for potential future victims. This lasted all of three days before I started setting people on fire at random. These days my thing is torture. The screams add a bit more to the proceedings, and the many different ways humanity has developed processes to kill one another means I'm never without idea or plan. 

But I question just how long this can be sustainable until I exhaust all my possibilities and either stop altogether, am finally incarcerated, or put a gun in my mouth. Or someone comes back on me in a strange poetic justice. 

Or the authorities learn who really developed the planet-altering tech that I claimed as mine.