Lildry sat on a stool before the giant dragon. Smoke was coming out of his nostrils in a thick, dark cloud, in contrast to the creature’s shiny, crimson scales. Despite the dragon being multiple times the size of the human adventurer opposite to him, he was completely calm, treating his counterpart as an equal. At least that’s what one could deduce from passing by them.

What a typical member of the crowd didn’t know, is the fact, that they were equals.

”*Sister, our mother sent me here. I think you know why,*” the dragon’s deep voice bellowed in Lildry’s mind.

“Yes, Ylrim. I know. And the answer is still a categorical no.”

“*She’s worried about you. Father is worried. I am too. I don’t know about Arrer, but I believe that deep down, she too is*”. Oh, yes. Arrer. Their youngest sister, the egoistical hatchling from hell. Of course she does. The thought seemed to be absolutely inconceivable. Lildry didn’t understand, how can her family stand the child.

“I know,” she said, made a pause to look deeply into her younger brother’s eyes, “but you know well, that I can handle myself.”

“*It isn’t about you handling yourself! Other dragons know of you. You don’t have a hoard. You don’t care for hoards. You don’t have a mate. You don’t care about mating. You don’t live with other dragons. You walk around in a human body and what, you kill and steal for money? That you don’t care about, so you spend it? That’s nonsense!*”

He wouldn’t understand. He didn’t want to understand how much her human friendships are worth to her.

“*Each and every one of our former friends has turned away from us. Because we tolerate your life choices. Over the course of time, everyone but Lynnar stopped talking to me, because I don’t go and… I don’t even know what they want me to do!*” the dragon went on.

On the mention of Lynnar, tears welled up in Lildry’s eyes. Their mutual childhood friend was one of the kindest, most understanding dragons she ever met, so it’s understandable, that now she felt guilty about not contacting her.

“Is she… well?”

“*She’s alright. I don’t think that I’ve told you that, but we mated-*”

“I’m so happy for you two!” Lildry suddenly exclaimed and hugged one of her brother’s huge legs.

“*It’s been a while now, and it indicates how often we speak, Lildry. Don’t change the subject. I’m going to have to ask you to come back.*”

“I can’t leave. At least not for long. I have human friends now. To me, they have more worth than any sort of a hoard.”

“*Then I’ll see myself out. I can’t get you to leave. I can’t say I haven’t tried.*”

“Wait a moment! I said: I can’t leave for long. I’ll fly back with you for a couple of days. I’ve got to see Lildry after all! I just have to tell my party that I’m leaving for a bit.”

Ylrim let out an amused grumble. He was happy to have his sister back, at least for a short time.

---

I sort of drifted away from the prompt? Sort of? The premise is still here, but the story kind of shifted in a different direction. Anyway, for more like this, visit /r/lecetrabantem, my personal subreddit!