Sheila inspected the broken yellow plastic sword pick in the mouse’s hands. 

“That’s from the Club Sandwich I was eating, how’d that get here?” whispered Sheila, as she inspected the mouse's injured arms. The mouse with faintly opened eyes clutched the broken sword closer to his little furry body. “How’d *all* this get here, somebody dressing you up little mouse?” 

The mouse blinked a bit, and looked up at his captor. 

“Are you going to kill me,” whispered the mouse, with a glassy calmness and a hint of a Chilean accent. He sounded a lot like Gus Fring in a way. 

Sheila almost dropped him out of the towel.

“Awwwhhhh fuck it talks,” said Sheila, widening her eyes as she walked to the back patio. “Yup, nobody’s finding out I’ve got a problem with talking mice. Not getting *me* on any lists.” 

The mouse reached a paw to its chest, as it tried to peer over the edge of the towel. It shook its head, too high. 

“My name is Don Hector,” whispered the mouse, using what energy he had left to speak. “I meant your cat no harm, he is not the enemy I seek.” Don Hector stared into the distance, past the white picket fence in the neighbor’s backyard. “It’s the Sphynx cat across the way that is the object of my attentio-”

“*Pleeeeassse* please please please stop talking,” whispered Sheila, taking some short quick breaths as she shut her back screen door. Her Persian cat stared from the background, standing on a coffee table. It peered over at Don Hector a while, before forgetting about him and feeling at the candle on its side. It set a paw to it, then knocked it over onto the ground. “I hate their cat too, guess I’m projectin onto ya. So yeah here ya go, goodbye Mr. Mouse who showed me I’m crazy see ya. *Bye bye.*” 

“*WAIT*,” cried Don Hector, as Sheila set him gently onto grass taller than he is. “I am in need of *assistance.*” Sheila put her hands to her ears and sort of whistled to herself hoping nobody could see her. Don Hector lifted the plastic sword, as it bent. A few jostles and it snapped completely from the hilt. “I am in need of additional *weaponry.* I’ll *die* without it.” 

“Lalalalala,” whispered Sheila, as she walked back into the house. She took another deep breath. “Gosh guess that’s what I get for killing mice in the lab all those years, guilty conscience comes back to haunt ya doesn’t it Sheila.” 

“*Please* let me join this club of yours *I need more swords,*” cried Don Hector, as he watched Sheila shut her screen door. Don Hector cursed under his breath, as he tried his best to peer beyond the tall, recently cut grass. He squinted, when he noticed a sign.

Hanging in front of a Deli.  

**NewLand Deli, we got the best meats! Pizza, Hoagies, Club Sandwiches Everyday. Voted Best in County 2017**

Don Hector kissed his cats claw necklace of a vanquished enemy like it was a cross. 

It was his good luck charm. 

“My salvation,” whispered Don Hector, as he mustered the strength to get to the Deli. 

Edit: Changed a few words 
