Just as suddenly as the masks fell and the fasten seatbelt lights came on, the screaming and panic of my fellow passengers were drowned out by the meowing of Clarence the cat whom had been my personal guardian angel for the past few years.  He appeared as did several other times, just in the midst of chaos, from the overhead bin along with a flurry of objects falling down alongside him. He leapt over a carry on luggage, a stuffed backpack, across the two passengers next to me and into my lap next to the window seat.

The altitude was dropping quickly and people were passing out. Clarence brushed to top of his head against the bottom of my chin and meowed assertively. He turned quickly and jumped onto the back of the crouched over passenger in the aisle seat. I unbuckled and took a few deep gasps of oxygen before standing up and stepping over both my aislemates in into the aisle. I almost lost sight of Clarence when a suitcase came barreling down the aisle and nearly swept me off of my feet, but there he was, on a headrest a few aisles towards the rear exit.  

I was reaching past panic stricken men and hysterical mothers clinging to their children. Each step brought me close to the exit where Clarance pawed at the headrest and motioned to the floor with the other paw. Just as I reached the aisle, I slipped on some vomit and fell prone on the floor. The plane was now breaching during it's descent and things beneath me near the front of the plane  were sliding up towards me. I was able to see what Clarence was motioning to, apparently there was an emergency chute that somehow made it's way past the seats only to be wedged under the foot rest of someone who had what looked like a backpack under the seat in front of them.

The metal creaked and smoke billowed of the left side of the plane. The windows would light up with sparks and intermittent flames. A screech from Clarence was all that I needed to remind me that things were moving faster than I was registering them and I needed to move fast. I slipped a few times trying to regain my footing, but after enough vomit had slid past my shoes, I was able to stand and make my way past the first man in the aisle who had completely passed out. I took a quick hit of his oxygen mask and steadied myself as I used my feet to drag the chute towards me while the passenger in the middle held tightly onto the other passenger in the aisle seat. They were both on the verge of unconciousness. 

The darkness of the cabin surrounded the smoke didn't help matters, but I had finally managed to pick up the straps of the chute and get them over my arms and clipped the few buckles.  Once I was harnessed in and secure I felt my way towards the exit door with Clarence on my shoulder. When I reached the exit door, I turned the handle and it wouldn't move an inch. I didn't have time to curse under my breath, instead I shook the handle as hard as I could in either direction and suddely it burst open and a wave of air pushed me back in as held onto the edge of the door opening with one hand and Clarence with the other hand.  

The echoes of screams were all I could hear behind me as I tell Clarence to hold on. I mentally prepare to jump out on the count of three but instead I feel the thud of a luggage slam against me pushing me out before I'm ready. 


As we're both flying through the air, I manage to look back behind me and get a glimpse of the plane's fuselage breaking apart mid air, splitting the plane into three distinct parts. A bomb? Sabatoge?  I didn't have much time to contemplate the cause or fate of the plane as the ground was much close than I could have ever expected. The sound of an urgent meow from Clarence in my ear, brought me back to reality and I quickly pull the rip cord for the chute and it deploys immediately. The rate at which we're decending is way to fast as the chute can't get enough drag and I can already imagine myself in a full body cast in the hospital if I'm lucky enough to survive. Then I think about Clarence and realize he's not on my shoulder. I franticly look around for him and see him crawling down my chest towards the emergency chute. That's when I scoop him up and immediately pull the secondary cord with my other hand. 

The landing was rough and even though I had a sprained ankle, it was nothing compared to the 153 others that died either immediately upon impact or before the plane even broke up into pieces. 

Clarence may have 9 lives, but thanks to him, I've had a few myself. I spent the next few weeks wondering where Clarence ran off to once the ambulance arrived at our landing site. Even more curious was the thought of when our paths may cross again.


