All I can see was darkness. Nothing else. I look around, hoping to something, anything. 

"You have to make amends, Aline." 

Amends? With whom? I tremble at the voice. My life wasn't the best. I had no one to call a friend, and no one cared. Those who did were showered with my ingratitude and anger. 

I pushed them away. They came back. I turned my back on them. They came to face me. I threw them out of my life. They left, obligingly. Then I cried at the unfairness of it all. 

I couldn't face them. Not in a hundred lives. 

"The person you hurt the most...you have to face that person." 

My hands are trembling and my knees feel weak and wobbly. "I c-can't!" I yell in my hoarse voice. "I can't face anyone..." Tears come running down my face, but I refuse to acknowledge them. Yet, a rebellious thought crosses my mind. 

*If you lack the humility to go back and tie up the loose ends in your past, then be prepared to forever be haunted by her ghosts, all of whom will come into your present and your future...*

A light at the edge of my vision draws my attention. With shaking legs, I turn around and gaze at the light. I see a silhouette. It's a person, for sure, but for the life of me, I don't want to find out who. 

*Hell is better than this.* *Hell is more forgiving.*

The person is taking a long time to walk. I can't make out the face. The hair and general figure suggest to my eyes that it's a female. Possibilities race through my mind. My mother, my sister, my Grammie. 

The light fades, and small stars crop up in the blackness. They provide small light, but the light is enough for me to recognize the person. I stagger back in shock. My legs aren't strong enough to hold me anymore. I fall to my knees, every sob shaking my frame like a leaf in the wind. 

I can't look at her. In that instant, I realized that I'd hurt that one person the most. I'd hurt myself. 

I don't know how to start; my mind is whirling, and my mental strength has abandoned me. 

"Aline," she says. I can't look up. I can't face myself. I could have faced anyone else. Anyone but the person who knew exactly what I harbored my entire life. 

"You hurt me, you really did," she says. I want to close my eyes and fade away, but the stinging truth holds me in place. 

"I could handle the scars," she continued. "I could handle the decisions and the torment." Her voice is soft and it makes me feel worse. I look up, my eyes full of regret, remorse and guilt. 

I gaze into my own blue eyes, and I see nothing else in them but sweet sadness. "But I couldn't handle the thoughts, Aline," she says. She lowers herself, till she's on her knees like me. Her piercing eyes, no, *my* piercing eyes cut through me. 

"The thought were unbearable. You weren't a failure, you weren't a loser. You were strong. You were capable. You were brilliant. You're the one who denied it. You made your own life hell. You could have accepted your friends, your family. But the thoughts..." She looks away, wistfully. 

I have nothing to say. I feel weak, like the slightest breeze could lift my away. My tears stop; the sorrow is far more than what I can cry for. Tears mean nothing. 

She looks back at me. "You wanted a life. You had a chance at one. You threw it away. Your own thoughts brought you here." The serene background changed, and we were once again on top of the tower. 

The winds buffet me. I know this place well. I spoke my last words here. 

*And for beauty, there must be destruction.*

"Where is the beauty?" The voice is harsh now. It slashes across me. "Where is the beauty?!" I look up to see myself exactly as I was before I jumped to my death. 

"You ruined your life, you ruined your job, you ruined everything!" I'm shrieking at myself, and I can't reply. My voice is lost. "The thoughts! You didn't have to give up on life!" 

I realize that I'm venting my anger at myself. After a few moments of pause, I finally manage to speak. "I thought I was nothing," I croak. I stagger to my feet, and the winds whip my hair around. "I thought I was powerless, hopeless..." The crushing realization sets in. "I wasn't...I blamed fate when I had to blame myself."

Hell is what I deserve. My face softens, and I extend a hand to myself. "You lived a hard life," I say to myself. "Try and forgive yourself now. The curse you place on yourself is the worst curse of all." 

I finally cry again. I sob and shake. I can feel my gaze on me. Here it is, my final chance at redemption. 

"I can't..." I hear myself say. "I can't forgive...it's all my fault."

My face softens in pity. I look upon my broken, pathetic self and realize that my curse is forever mine to bear. The final hopeful part of myself vanishes, and I'm back in the darkness. 

This time, though, the only thing that I can see is Hell. 