"Yeah, I know, honey, I know. I have my dashcam with me right now, I'm gonna find the clip of that asshole backing up on me and we'll get this sent to insurance in no time, yeah? It'll be alright. Look, I gotta go, I'll finish this up then I gotta rush to a presentation for my manager at 3. Yeah..." 

I mutter a couple more reassurances to her then hang up. Holding the black plastic, I hastily plug its usb cord into my office computer. A window pops up on my screen, each file neatly time and date stamped. The glow from the screen fills up my dark office.  

My first instinct is to scroll down to find today's date, but the dates of the first row of files catches my attention. A quick scan of the row tells me there are more than 200 recordings, dating back from 12 years ago. Has it really been that long since I bought this camera? I gingerly click on the first one, dated September 23rd, 2010.

Red leaves line the pavements. Sunlight showers the dashboard. Passing neighbourhood cars, a voice hums along to a bad Sean Paul song.

The car pulls up to a house. 

"..kay okay bye mom! Ride's here!" 

I hear the sound of a side door slam open and shut. 

"Morning dude, Timmie's? We got extra time", the voice that just entered the shotgun seat says.

"Oh god yes, I need coffee. Stayed up all night studying for our Bio test. I gave up after chapter 5, I just couldn't do it anymore", the voice from the driver seat drawls. 

"Yeah okay, I gave up after chapter 3." the second says as I hear the click of a buckle snapping into its harness.

"I know from the fact that you stopped answering my texts, Nick." 

"Shut up man." The sound of obnoxious snickering fills the car before either one of them turns up the volume of the radio and the two erupt into a terrible karaoke of Sean Paul's Temperature. 

I open another one dated a couple months after the first. This time, the screen opens into some country road. Rocky mountains loom in the distance. Cars whirr past in the fast lanes. Radio music from the 00s.

"On this beautiful day our destination is....drum roll everyone... White Rock! Can everyone say something for my subscribers?" a voice roars on screen. The voice carries the same tone as the driver from the first clip, but it's definitely a few octaves deeper. The passengers groan in response and someone makes a joke about JJ's game. "Thanks guys for your contribution.", JJ retorts sarcastically. 

One after another, I open more clips. December 2010, A Christmas charity drive. March 2011, designated-driving after weekend parties. Summer 2012, drives with JJ's dad and talks about university. Spring 2013, an uncomfortable break up with a girl. Senior year, Nick coming out. 2014, JJ moving into his dorm. Some laughter, some fights. And that voice, year after year, season after season, filling out from a young adolescent to a young man. 

The videos with people talking become more sporadic as I scroll. One by one, the clips become quieter. Friends rotate in, back, and some eventually out. Long drives back home turn into short drives around a noisy city. He stops singing along to the radio in later clips. I stop after 2015.

I'd lost track of how long I'd sat there, when a knock on my desk jolts me from my reverie. A tall woman stands over my computer.

"Nguyen! Is your slide deck ready? I didn't see them in the group drive." 

"Yes - sorry Karen - I'll drop them in now." I hastily blink away at my computer, closing the window of videos. 

The woman turns to leave, but hesitates. Concern wrinkling her face. "Are you alright? You look a little shaken up." She peeks down at the black plastic camera I'd been clutching in my hand. "Taking a trip down memory lane?" 

I exhale. "Some guy scraped my car on my drive out during lunch, so I plugged this thing into the computer for the first time."

I hand the small machine to her. I see her fingers graze against the back, against the words "PROPERTY OF JJ" so stubbornly etched onto the bottom. 

"This thing's ancient, you had it for long? Or are vintages back in trend even for this stuff?"

"No, not really, no. It was borrowed for a skiing trip I took 3 years ago. I just didn't have a chance to give it back, and I totally forgot that it was lent to me. I guess it's mine now."

"You just gonna claim ownership like that? Well, it's never too late to return it now, better late than never." Karen hands the camera back to me. 

"Yeah, I just haven't had a chance to speak to him in a while."

"Go wash your face, it's not a good look you have right now for the boss." She taps me on the shoulder reassuringly. "You'll be alright, Nick."

&#x200B;