...First time poster.  I'm not a writer, but these prompts are fun to think about.  

It was a Sunday.  Day of rest, my ass.  Six grueling hours in the heat.  My yard had taken a turn for the worse and today I conquered it.  Three years of weeds and neglect were dealt with today.  My yard looked like a horror victim with all the dandelions, weeds, and trees I tore from the ground.  

But it was done.  I was done.  I knew what had to come next.  What kept me going for the last five hours.

I stripped off my clothes once I got there.  Why did we think it was a good idea to keep the air conditioning off today?  UP on the plunger.  UP on the cold water spout.  I jumped in the cold shower and felt the relief I needed.  After I lathered my body in soap, I closed my eyes and started working on my sweaty, sweaty, hair.  I was going to get clean, then go get fucked up at tonight's Halloween party.

"AAAAAAAAHHHHH"

"NOOOO"

"OH MY SATAN"

What the hell was that?  I tried to open my eyes but the shampoo got in them and I screamed loudly.  I tried to wash it out, but the water wasn't there anymore.  All I was left with was soapy suds all over my body.  

"Jesus Christ, Damien.  Turn the water back on", I yelled.

"HE KNOWS MY NAME!"

"HE INVOKED THE POWERS OF JESUS"

"I told you we shouldn't have touched it!"

Whatever.  Damien and his stupid pranks.  Unable to open my eyes, I reached for the towel.  No towel.  Great.  At least I know where he is from his screaming.  "Daaamieeeeeen" I said, waving my arms to feel for objects.  "I'm coming to give you a big soapy huuuuuugggg".  

"NoooOOOOOOO"

Even though I couldn't see, I knew where that bastard was from his cries.  He was going to smell like fresh lavendar by the time I was done with him.  It was difficult trying to feel my way to the door, though.  Nothing was where I thought it would be.  Oh well, I was blind but I knew where I needed to go.  

BANG.  I finally reached the bathroom door.  But it was locked?  How?  "Daaamiieeeeen.  The power of Christ compels you to open this door for me......"

"AHHHH"
"WE"RE DEAD"
"I told you we shouldn't have touched it!"

Oh, it felt like a different door altogether.  It seems like Damien replaced our normal door with a rotten chunk of wood he found somewhere.  A few shoulder charges should deal with it.

BANG
BANG
BANG

Finally through the door.  I knew he was close.  I lunged and grabbed something.  "Time for a hug to cleanse your sins, Damien."  I pulled him forward and rubbed all the soap I could over that pranking punk.  As I did, I rubbed my eyes over his warm clothing to get the soap out of them.

When was finally able to see, nothing made sense.  I was in some strange room and there were three weirdos here.  Two were in the corner trying to scoop shit on themselves and the third was in my arms and convulsing like a stuck pig.  I let go of him immediately and saw him fall to the floor.  After a few more convulsions, he stopped and lay still.  I hope he didn't just OD on something.

I turned to the other two and yelled, "Jesus!  What in God's name is going on here?!"

They both shivered and passed out.  Great.  Wherever I was, it everyone clearly had too much to drink.  Oh well.  Time to clean them off and figure out where I am.
