This time I am going to kill Mory McCormic properly.  
I am so tired of trying.  So tired of the disappointments.  Every time I reset it has one of two outcomes. 
I die or I succeed but no amount of forethought and preparation can prevent my conviction.

You might wonder why I want him dead, but that the thing is I never even considered it until the first reset. That first terrible panic ridden moment waking up in my bed like I had just had a terrible nightmare.  You see my first reset happened when I was 6. It was my birthday and we were having it over at my Uncle's.  Mory had snuck away from the party and into the garage.  There he had found an old box containing Lawn Darts and in his excitement to show them off to everyone he had gotten me right in the head with his first throw.  Wonderful way to blow out a birthday cake.

It was almost my birthday again when I started to freak out because everything was happening like that nightmare.  I begged my parents to not invite Mory but he was a best friend and they said it would be rude not too.  

I hide on the porch the whole party even after Mory's disastrous first throw destroyed my birthday cake and his parents yelled at him. Seeing that I could still remember all the pain and fear from the first rest.  So I grabbed the bat that had been used on the pinata and opened his head.

Being that my family lives in Texas I was sentenced as an adult to life.  The next reset happened after I was swirllied to death while still in juvy.  

So the next time I waited.  Maybe he was just being the hyper shit I had always known.  Sixth birthday comes again and he gets the lawn darts again. Even though I hid them this time.  He doesn't hit the birthday cake.  The dart almost came down through the roof of the porch.  I never though of my uncle's dark old oak home as creepy after that.

I was being careful.  I acted like he was just a screw up and things moved on. But when I was 11 our boyscout troop went to the old "bunker hill" camp ground outside of Ft. Worth and Mory pushed me into the deep mud of the stream out behind the gym.  I was stuck as I sank into the mud up to my thighs.  Screaming for help Mory tried to "save" me. I couldn't even do anything as he rolled an old log down the bank and right on top of me. 

Reset. Lawn Darts. Boyscouts.

And this time a day before the mud I loosened the saddle strap on Mory's horse then challenged him to a race as we were riding.  He got trampled but somehow a security camera that hadn't been working in years was on and caught me. 

Tried. Convicted. Juvy. Swirly. Reset.  

Dodged the lawn dart, left Mory in the mud this time, stopped being his friend, and made it all the way through high school.  Then Mory lost control of his pick up while doing donughts in the school parking lot on the last day and bumper tackled me into the football field end zone.

Reset. Darts. Mud. High school and this time I bleed out Mory's breaks a week before graduation.  I was certain that it would be ruled an accident because of how rusted and crappy that old chevy was.  What I had not figured on was a cheerleader seeing me and reporting me to the police after Mory died.  Then again I guess it would of been hard to see her as it came out in trial that she as in the student parking lot given the quarterback an "oral favor" while they were "sitting" in his mustang.

Reset. Darts. Mud. Skip the last day of high school and off to college. I even chose one out of state and thought I had escaped Mory.  I even hoped that I could have some fun and not be watching my back constantly for his next accident.  My roommates took me to parties, I met girls, kept my grades up, and dreaded exams the last semester of my 3rd year.  So it was a big shock that not only did I get 3rd degree burns from get knocked down while taking flaming shots. But that Mory had accidentally done it while delivering a keg to the party. Then later he snuck into the hospital to see me and manged to trip on the cord for my ventilator!  

The next few resets I spent reversing the victim of every Mory accident so far.  Every time I died in jail.  Many times to swirlies in juvy and twice from shivs on my first day in prison.

The longest life I had was when I ran away from home and kept off the grid for 30 years only to be shot during deer season by guess who, Mory.

After that one I decided I might as well use a lot of resets to learn as much as I could about law, forensic science, and criminals. Also when it seemed about time for Mory to happen to me, I would just find a way to end it myself.

From there I planned.  Pulling nails out of the shelves with the lawn darts and putting my uncle bowling ball on the top shelf got Mory once but I still arrested and convicted.

 Reset and I softened the bank of the creek so when he tried to push me the edge would give out under him.  I hadn't expected him to hold on so tight when it collapsed and turned into a mud slide buring us.

Reset. This time I got a little ambitious and tried to set Mory up for a drive by shooting from the local drug dealers.  They got us both.  Him on purpose and me on accident.  What that redneck was doing at the library was beyond me.

Reset.  I convinced him to work at the Sante Fe railroad where I remembered that they always had an accident on a certain day.  A tie I loaned him for the interview ended up linking me to the accident. How it ended up obstructing an air brake hose I will never know. 

But this time I know I will win and walk free.  Tricking Mory into the Peace Corps while I joined the Marines. Making friends with a CIA field officer while I was doing a tour in communications. Helping a force recon sniper get satellite calls to his autistic son. Being on watch while the general is getting secret calls from senators.   Lastly seeing field maps of Colombian cocaine fields that were marked off limits to U.S. drug interdiction. I was going to be untouchable and not even in the country when it finally happened.

So I was confused when I received a letter from Mory as I had never told him or even my family where I was stationed.

"You know I am going to concede this to you and I hope you will just call this even.  I know it was kind of a dick move for me to try an rank up on a new player but to tell the truth I was expecting you to be kind of a push over with my inevitable prosecution perk.  But I just can't keep up.  Your Int stat is way too high and I never though someone could use the Game Amnesia disadvantage as a leg up.  But the biggest reason I'm conceding is because of your Cancer's Revenge perk.  Winning any match is just too brutal with that to look forward too.  It sucks to get a kill and then spend the rest of a life just trying to get to remission."

With that a visor I had never seen lifted from my eyes and I found myself remembering that I had gone to Blips and Chitz with my grandson to try out the new Roy 3: Competitive Edition against Krombopulos Michael.
