Yikes, When was the last time I sucked out that delicious, aromatic and tasty blood? Some people may ask me the typical question of why don't you simply try some zombie blood? But since the vampire hunts centuries ago I haven't touched expired goods and don't plan to anytime near.

Half a year ago, a horde of zombies destroyed the power supply of the city, after the initial craze over trying to consume all of our refrigerated stocks of blood, more than half expired anyway after 2 months.

Going on, before the inevitable gradual meltdown of our poorly glued group, I parted from them to go on a journey to search something to spend the rest of my eternity on.

I was never very proficient on using firearms as our bodies were several times stronger and quicker than Jackie Chan and Bruce Lee combined but hunger makes you see new sides of life.
Like being crouched down on a bush aiming at some sparrows a few streets away. 

**Bang!** Double kill. Seems that practise makes perfect, nah it was just luck.

Sucking at my fresh lunch I curse at those damn undead assholes that consumed every walking human and animal they set their eyes on.

Birds are now my only source of food and although not as good as human delicacies it does the job so I can't complain.

Zombies are a type of familiar some crazy Old Ones were experimenting on and as you can see the project went out of control and ended with 99.9999% of the human population in just 2 years. 

A truly post-apocalyptic scene from movies. That genre ironically was my favourite before the Z-End.

Returning to the topic, zombies are like a very nerfed version of the first progenitors, in fact they were experimenting with their very blood on humans. Pffff. Having their senses and physical capacities enhanced a few times made groups of zombies a pain in the ass to deal with if there wasn't roofs to hop on.

In the 3rd week of my expedition I found a human girl. Full bites and blood, holding the hand of a woman that was on her last breaths. Her eyes illuminated at seeing me.

"Hey! please... Please help... Send this child to... Eurolab S.A... She has... The cure!" She said while spewing black blood from her mouth. 

"Oh wow, say no more ma'am. I understand what you want me to do and I will do it gladly." I have read sufficient books to deduce that this girl by a prank of destiny or even plot armor had a gene that made her inmune to the virus seeing that she wasn't a vampire.

The woman seemed confused at my eagerness but was immediately eased before pulling the trigger and killed herself.

Looking again at the girl I noticed that she was about 5 feet tall with messy blonde waist length hair and some pretty but cold blue eyes.

"Hmmm, hey little girl, aren't you supposed to be crying over her death?" Im not the vampire with the most tact you will meet. And even less after all this shit.

"Mister, you have very sad eyes." Was the first thing she, who was full of injuries told me.

Who would have ever thought that our fates from that day on would be intertwined for a very long time.

PS: Please tell me if you find anything weird. Feedback would be appreciated.