“So....guess I gotta tell the story eh?
Pfft, I really don’t mind. 
Old Boo is worth talkin bout. 

Ya ya the naive guy’s name is Boo. So what? Change it if ya wanna face me. 

Old Boo ain’t just some regular kid doe  He seriously put up with our messed up stuff really well. 
That naiveness in him makes our lives pretty damn fun. 
He fun to tease 
Don’t even know it himself. 
Kid surprises us all the time but....seems like he don’t know what he does ain’t morally right. 
I mean, we be gangsta’s n we know we ain’t good but....this kid be thinking he the hero of somethin. 
Well whateva, gets us our gold. 
Why mess it up n tell him? 

—-We never told him, even when we found him:
It was a Sunday night, ma boys and I were shooting at those stupid quacking birds after our steal of beer when we heard a rustle. 
Made my man Rome almost release one 
I hoped off the back of Ted’s truck and held my guard up. 
I kick the bush and was surprised to hear a moan. 
I peered over and saw a kid half awake beside the bush 

I know I know, I was like WTH???

The kid woke up and looked at me. His curly red hair was covered in dirt yet his green eyes were bright as hell. (Or heaven? WHATEVA)
‘0h my! Hi there!” 
He sat up and reached for my freakin hand. 

Course I aimed my gun at him, the heck he wanted ma hand for!’ 
but I didn’t fire. 
He ain’t got on ma nerve.....yet. 

‘My name is Boo! I was camping round here when suddenly I woke up and...um i lost my stuff and have this really bad headache....’ 

The kid touched his head and I saw a nasty mark. 
A iron hammer could only have done that damage. 
Crazy how his head was still in tact. 
Must of lost his memory or somethin.

‘Mind if I hang around a bit?’
I just stared back thinking: 
THE HELL HE THAT ID TAKE CARE OF HIM!!!! 

‘Get yo ass in shape and man up’  is all I said and walked off. 
Rome and Ted peered over ma shoulder and saw Old Boo trotting behind.  

‘Hey!!! You got friends! How are you?? I’m Boo!’ 

Quick as the wind Ted n Rome had their knives out. Damn I’m a good teacher. 

‘Boys, lets take it easy. Kid got a blow in the head and don’t know where to head out. Lettem stay with us and maybe we can get a 4th recruit eh?’

‘HAHHAAHHA that scrawny kid??  The hell can he do? BABYSIT US?’ damn Rome yelled. 

‘Sure! I can cook!.....I think’ Boo scratched that nasty mark. 

‘You sure he gonna help? Cuz if not, he’ll be even more fun to get that those birds’ Ted smirked and leaned down on Old Boo who smiled back like he be sleep deprived. 

‘Hmm dunno. Let’s see’ is all I said.......
———-
The next day we decided to steal Mrs. Harrison’s jewelry from her grand ass Jewel Shop. Seriously, only one lady in the whole town can afford that stuff. 

So why not he generous and give em to other ladies? At a higher price of course since it ain’t easy to steal...I mean deliver.... the jewels. 

As Ted, Rome, and I  stared at all em treasures, Boo munched on Ted’s protein bar, listening to our plot. 

All we had to do was wait still that old lady went to bed and then we’ll sneak in and steal all we could. 

I looked at Boo and found him gone....he wasn’t around. 

“HAHHA guess we were too HOT and SCARY for the red head” Rome smiled. 

Ted looked shockingly through the window. 
Following his gaze, I found Old Boo.... talking to Mrs. Harrison. 

‘****!!!!!’ All three whispered. 
As I was about to get my gun and make a run for it, I saw Mrs. Harrison leave the shop and Boo rustling inside. 
Couldn’t keep my eyes on him. 
Freakin kid came out ran around like sonic and came out.....
with a bag full of jewels. 

‘Well damn, you were right’ Ted told me. 

‘That was fun!’ Old Ted grinned, still oatmeal from the bar on his face. 
Seriously thought Ted was te only one to like that stuff, guess now I found another. 

He tossed the bag to me and yelled “ HAHHAHAHA omg you guys! You are so slowwww. I won!!! Now I get to tell YOU what to bring me ;). I want 100000 more of those protein bars!’ 

Ted groaned while Rome tossed him Ted’s secret stash and I felt proud lookin at ma gang. 

We gangsters may be bad an all, but we make a pretty strong team. 