She wore a dress. 

Of course she wore a dress. 

And it wasn't just any dress. It was floral. 

I wanted it to be tacky. 

It wasn't. 

Ugh. She is so perfect. She's always been perfect. I've always been second fiddle to her. Everyone loves her. But me? Everyone HATES me. Even when I'm welcomed by a few, thousands meet me with grief, hatred, every negative emotion you could experience. For a long time I wished so bad that we would stop being contrasted and compared. I can't compete. She's too perfect. I've waited so long for this day, I have so many things to say, so many thoughts to verbalize. So many grievances to make known. 

And yet the only thing I can muster to say is, "You."

She smiles. Of course she smiles. 

"Hello old friend. I see that the time has finally arrived. Not a minute too early, nor late. You were always right on time."

I hate when she compliments me. She rubs my self-loathing in my face. She always has the upper hand. Always in control. Always in the spotlight. 

"I've waited a long time for this..." I say. I ponder the right combination of insults and hurtful things to say. I want her to feel the pain I've felt. Feel the despair of being born into pain. But my pause has given her an opportunity to speak again. 

"I've been waiting for this for a long time too."

"What?" I say stunned, "You. Perfect little you have been waiting ...to die?"

I laugh. It's all I can do. Of course she is ready to die, why did I assume she would be anything other than pleasant?

"I have," she says her smile fading, "But I want to say one thing before."

Yes. Yes. Yes. She's going to crack. She's finally going to be exposed.

"Go on," my anticipatory hunger coating my words. 

"Thank you," she begins,"from the bottom of my soul and the souls of everyone that has every lived. You see, you think I'm perfect but that couldn't be further from the truth. The reason you see perfection is because you are the only thing that is perfect in this universe. Life, however, life is a random chance. Life is by default, a series of mistakes. Life is the mistakes made by a mutated immune system or a girl who misses her train only to meet the person she loves most in the world. Life is failing when you've tried so hard to succeed. Life is finding joy in the simplest of things. Life can not be described so simply as death, but it is, by it's definition, imperfect."

"But..." she continues, "There is one absolute truth to Life and that is: Life could not exist without Death. If there were no end, there would be no beginning. Without grief there can be no joy. Without tears there can be no smiles. Without Death there can be no Life."

"So thank you. Thank you for doing the hardest job that ever was, so that we all could live."

Life opened her arms wide. 

For the first and last time, the two sisters embraced. 