"Quebec . . . somewhere near the St. Francis River, Canada, year . . . 1924", John Mathis flicked snow out of his eyes, "Quebec, St. Francis River, Canada . . ." He repeated again. Repetition had been his life line for some time now, he couldn't say how long - it's difficult to keep track of months and years when you're flitting between them every other day. It's like changing direction in a car too fast, a total 180 degree turn on your whole existence gives you a hell of a case of whiplash.

John Mathis tried not to think about it, he tried to think about Quebec and the river and the snow. Snow that means it's winter, or is Quebec one of those places that always snows? No, it has seasons, he read that in a book once . . . but he can't remember which one it was now.

Books. He had an idea to collect them once, when all this first started. First additions from every great author. But he's had some trouble finding them, he remembered asking for "Call of Chulthu" when he was around in the 30s but H.P. Lovecraft had never written anything about cults or Gods - why would he? Where would he get that idea? It was a shame to be the only person to have read any of his work but what are the worth of a few books compared to his work? John Mathis works towards a higher purpose.

Today's higher purpose was an old man. He couldn't quite grasp the name, but he had his picture. A native american man, he had long matted grey hair, a crooked nose and a friendly smile. They're always smiling. He had lines running all over his face, he looked weathered but there was still a certain vibrance to him. He was a member of some sort of tribe, probably their leader or trying to become the leader. Primitives. This is how it always starts, one primitive looking to control the rest, and the next thing you know people are burning each other in ovens because of a disagreement in their choice of imaginary friend. 
Looking at the picture now, he became painfully aware of the Glock tucked into the inside of his coat, the knife on the back of his belt and the one in his boot. He was ready for this one.

He put the picture of the man with long grey hair and a friendly smile away and looked up. A light. There were people ahead. "Quebec, St. Francis River, Canada . . .". He marched on crunching snow underfoot. His pace gained as the light grew brighter until he was almost at a sprint, the adrenaline always made him nervous - eager to finish his work. It wasn't until he was almost upon the tribe he realised how fast he was moving, he stopped to catch his breath, his lungs burnt and he puffed and blew out a pillar of steam. "The great destroyer," he thought to himself "time travelling assassin out of breath in fifty yards", he would have laughed at himself if were able. His thoughts turned to his own age now, there had been so many to put down, "I have lost my best years to this work," that didn't make him laugh "But it will be worth it".  With that he was resolved, he folded his arms against the cold and tucked his hand into his inside pocket and fingered the trigger of the waiting Glock. He breathed again, slow and controlled. He continued towards the light of the tribe. 

He'd seen many tribes from the Celts in England to the Dards in the Himalayas, but none quite like this. They were small but . . . cosmopolitan. All different races, shapes genders, if he were an anthropologist and not a physicist he probably would have found it more interesting. They were more of a commune than a tribe - nothing like the native american people he was expecting. It doesn't matter, it doesn't change anything. These . . . people had formed a crowd around the fire, at first it looked like they had gathered there for warmth but they had not gathered around a fire, they had gathered around him. There he was, the old man with the friendly smile, sitting in snow. He spoke in soft, low tones - spreading more lies no doubt. John strained to here him from where he was so he ventured closer, hearing the drivel these liars come up with had been one of his few distractions he'd had on the road.

"I will not speak of it," the man said, he looked distressed.
"Why? We followed you here to live like you," piped a young man, "and you won't tell us what drove you out here?"
"You wouldn't believe me," the old man said, in almost a whisper, "Do you best to live with reason and thoughtfulness we will speak no more"
"You always tell us seek answers," Shouted a young woman standing a few feet behind John.
"Yeah," said the young man from before, "what's the difference now?". A ripple of agreement rolled through the crowd, then silence. They waited for the old man to speak and the silence dragged on. If there no snow falling John would have sworn that he was looking at a photograph and not witnessing the scene first hand himself. He'd never been there for the start of a religion. Only after, sometimes just after but he'd never gotten this close to the beginning before. 
"It is a spirit," the old man breathed out, finally breaking the quiet that had fallen over the crowd.
"A spirit?" a middle aged woman asked. It's starting now, John reached for the gun - he needed to stop this.
"It's like a ghost," said the old liar tugging at his long ragged hair. Outrage swept over them now "Impossible!", "Liar!", "How?". People were questioning this, that brought a smile to Johns lips - he had made a difference.
"I told you that you would not believe it, but I have seen it. I saw it kill a man!" The silence came down around the crowd again. John drew the pistol slowly out of his jacket, no one was looking at him now.
"I was just a boy but . . . I saw a priest" John froze. He was talking about him, he remembered that day. Some idiot had found a bible, tried to start the whole thing up again.
"I have searched for stories about it ever since," John drew back the slide and felt a bullet push up into the barrel. He knows too much I have to do it now.
"It has travelled through the ages, dispatching men and women who spread words of the supernatural, who speak against logic and reason" John pushed through the crowd, why had he waited?
"That's why I am here, to teach you about nature, about empiricism! So that we will not be punished!So we don't become sinners! So we shall never fall to becoming a religious society again!" Johns blood ran cold, what was this man saying? Is this the prize of all his work? Or the beginning of something else entirely?   
"This doesn't make sense! It goes against everything you have taught us!" Someone shouted from the back, followed by more waves of angry shouting. It took a few more moments before the old man could calm them again.
"I am sorry, I shouldn't have told you but you deserved to know the truth." The old man sat in the snow, the crowd was in a dumbfounded silence. Then John stepped forward. He raised the gun to the old man's head.
"You know" his voice was steady and calm, not at all revealing how he really felt, "if you really believed in logic and reason you wouldn't have called me a ghost."
"I . . . I didn't know what else you could have been" the old man was shaking, and not just from the cold. "I simply used the information I could observe. Does that make me a sinner?"
John looked around at the crowd. This is what he wanted, every person here had questioned what they had been told, there were no superstitions here, no zealotry. And who is responsible for that. He looked back at the old man.  
"No," John said, "you're not a sinner. You're a prophet".

Sorry about it being so long!