The alarm clock is ringing, and I reach out for the snooze button, still more asleep than awake.

7212!  I sit up with a jerk, wide awake and the heart hammering in panic.  7212! How is it possible?   Have I relived this day 7212 times?

My worst so far was seven, that was the day Max lost his mind and firebombed the office.  At the seventh attempt, I had realised that being careful was not enough to make it through the day, and had walked to the train station and spent the day in a hotel in the next town.  Most of my colleagues had done something similar.

7212?  Is the world coming to an unescapable end?  Still, that makes no sense, I would never choose to relive the last day of the world again and again.  I am at peace with the idea of dying sooner or later.  I prefer it to be later, of course, but the thought of dying does not scare me particularly.  But the thought of reliving the last day on Earth again and again freaks me out.

What fate can I be facing that had caused me to reset 7212 times?  What can be so hard to escape, yet still leave enough hope to be worth the try?  Nothing!  It makes no sense.

I wait for the panic to die down.  Logic will not help me, it must have failed me thousands of times already.  My best chance is being unpredictable.  I find a set of dice.  One is for taking the car, two for the bicycle, three for walking, four for the bus, five for a taxi, six I will re-roll.  I roll the die: taxi.

While waiting for the taxi, I realise that the price of being an atheist is having no god to swear by.  Instead I speak the words aloud, to give them more weight.

"I solemnly swear not to relive this day one more time, no matter what happens."  I cannot shake a feeling that I must have sworn and broken this oath more than six thousand times already.

I see the taxi approaching.  One is for the airport, two for the train station, three is the bus terminal, four the park in the city center, five the forest in the suburbs, six is the head of the mountain trail.  I roll the die...

...

It is 11:58 pm.  I am sitting in a hotel room in a small town I have never heard of before.  Nothing, absolutely nothing has happened that could even begin to explain the 7212 resets.  I begin to hope that I have escaped my fate, whatever it might have been.

I count the seconds to midnight.  53 ... 54 ... 55 ... 56 ... 57 ... 58 ... 59 ... Midnight!

The world and my body freeze, and I see the familiar two buttons appear in my field of vision, "Relive this day" and "Continue your life".  With a sense of relief I press "Continue".  Nothing happens, then red letters appear before me.

"Unknown hardware error 36123 in chronogenic module.  Rebooting".

The text disappears, and for what feels like an eternity the world and my body remain frozen.  Then a green text appears.

"Reboot successful.  Error recovery successful. Thank you for choosing 'Relive this day'.  Temporal reset in progress..."

...

The alarm clock is ringing, and I reach out for the snooze button, still more asleep than awake.

7213!  I sit up with a jerk...
