My last video ended the same way as all the rest. 

"Get off your asses and DO something!" Every line on my face was deepened with the broad grin on my face. I waved my calloused hand at the camera before I turned it off. I set the birdhouse down on the worktable, and stood up from the creaky stool. 

"Sam, remind me to check the paint tomorrow."

"Reminder created."

"And send that video to Amy for me, will you?"

"Video sent to Amy."

"Thanks, Sam."

Sam said nothing. I don't know how many people bother thanking their Assistants. I didn't when I first got one. I tried my best not to use the damn thing at all, when it was new. I preferred to do things myself.

But Amy was right. I was far from young, and if I wanted to avoid being put in an old folks' home, I needed to accept the help. 

I sighed thinking about her, as I puttered into the kitchen. I placed a glass under the dispenser, and sifted through the options on-screen. Orange juice was always her favorite. Liquid sunshine, I'd told her once, when she was very young. That sounded nice.

The machine hummed, and then the liquid trickled into the glass, filling it to the perfect spot. A cartoon orange danced across the screen, pulling a balloon with the names of all the vitamins I was about to ingest. I turned to walk to the table, when I heard Sam's familiar chime.

"Yes, Sam?"

"Don't forget your medication, please."

The dispenser next to the beverage station rattled and opened.

"Oh, right. Thanks, Sam. I don't know why I can never remember these."

Sam said nothing.

I took my pills and drank my sunshine, and wondered how my grand-neice was doing. I always looked forward to her calls, but I wouldn't hear from her until tomorrow. 

I took a nutri-biscuit out of the box on the table, and got another glass of juice. I didn't feel hungry enough for a meal.

I set out my clothes for the morning, and hung them next to the shower, and watered the vines in the bedroom window. 

"Sam? Anything interesting in the news today?"

"Nothing matching your interests in the news today. One item of general importance. The primary elections begin next Thursday. One commercial announcement. An upgrade is available for your Assistant. The upgrade will increase the memory and processing speed of your unit by 15%."

"Hm. Do I have a reminder set for the election?"

"You have two reminders set."

I nodded, assumedly to the machine, but realistically to myself. I took off my glasses, and changed into my pajamas. I brushed my teeth and turned off the lights. I laid in my bed, and thought about what color I was going to paint that birdhouse, until I drifted off to sleep.