I'd fucked it up. After 92 years of diligence it was embarrassing how it finished. It had to end sometime, but I had hoped it would be a little more dignified than my smudging the conjuring circle after I slipped in a puddle of melted snow while making tea.

My head was throbbing and I could recognize Cid's eerily handsome face even blurred. My glasses had fallen off and I absently wondered if they were broken.

"The circle is broken, Lindy," was all he said. But the hairs on my arms stood upright. 

When I had first conjured him in my cozy kitchenette, he had been a ball of slithering, spitting wrath. **You Shall Know Pain Unlike Anything You Have Ever Experienced.** Each word was emphasized just enough to make me aware of the capitalized letters. Sparks flew from his eyes. He put on quite the show of speaking in tongues, throwing flames and having a righteous tantrum. It took forever to get the stink of sulphur out, and I still may lost my security deposit.

But my circles have always been strong. I got top marks for six straight years. I graduated at the top of the class, double majoring in Conjuration and Summoning and Hexology, with minor Advanced Critical Arcane Theory.

Even with all that, I spent nearly a quarter of a century researching this particular binding. I practiced on lesser thralls, perfecting not only my technique but my questions. But the lesser demons knew a lot of dirt. And often times were willing to spill their guts for nothing more than a glass of warm milk and a chocolate chip cookie. Those items were premium in Hell, apparently.

The higher order of demons rubbed elbows with Lucifer and Asmodeus and prior to taking a nose dive from the silver spires of the heaven, knew a thing or two, which made them tricky to bind. There are litanies of names of foolish mages who tried and failed to properly bind those of the higher orders. 

Melkin the Elder had a solid binding and had snagged a high-ranking Cherub. The Elder requested limitless power. Which seemed great, until the demon had made the master wizard paranoid - since he had gifted him all this power, couldn't he just take it away? The beast played dumb, until in a fit of pique, Melkin released the binding in order to see if he could beat him. Rather than face the enraged caster, the Cherub hid himself away. Melkin ended up incinerating himself looking for the damn thing.

Imps playing dead until the Apprentice stepped into the circle only to be disemboweled; a Sorceress who is still possessed and harrying the people of a far off kingdom after her mother promised the devil she had bound the first thing to greet her upon returning home - thinking it would be her faithful dog, she didn't think much of it. 

One witch lost her soul when she failed to specify that the demon wasn't allowed to kill her family. A warlock bit it when he was driven to suicide after not putting in an anti-vexation and insanity clause.  One entire school was swallowed up by the earth - we're not entirely sure what that contract said, but we imagine the irony fit the bill.

No matter how well you cross your Ts and dot your Is, it turns out bad. But it never really stops anyone. I thought I was better than that - and I was. 

Until I wasn't. Until I had to shovel the walk to the propane guy could deliver and a bit of snow melted in my kitchen.

The first decade had been the worst. Cid probed every whorl in the circle, and tested every rune to its limit. He hissed with increasing frustration. Nothing worked. 

Once he realized he couldn't force his way out he sat in the middle of the circle and stared at me with his odd, goat-like eyes.

The contract was something that everyone tried their best. But even practitioners of the arcane arts are ultimately human. I brought mine to the best law firm in the country and paid through the nose to have it gone over with a fine tooth comb. Then I brought it to the Inquisitors to make sure I hadn't missed any other divine loopholes. I checked it and double checked it and quadruple checked it.

"Before we get down to business, you'll note that the circle places you firmly in my kitchenette. You have access to the island. I made you scones and there's fresh tea."

Cid took the scones and ground them into the tiled floor and flung the tea against the edge of the circle where it vaporized upon impact. I expected as much. Most of the big guys stayed in hell on principle.

"I'll thank you not to throw around my good china. Now, if you're quite finished, here," I handed over the contract. He took it with an audible sigh and began flipping through it. After the first few pages his eyes narrowed. Suddenly he laughed and then looked at me.

"Are you serious?"

"Oh, yes. Quite serious."

The laugher slowly drained from he eyes and he just stared at me for what seemed like an age. I simply stared back and he blinked and then looked at the contract again.

"I need a pen."

"There's a pen on the counter," I said. "There's also another batch of scones in the oven. Try not drop them this time."

And that had been not quite a century ago. And we'd both worked quite hard keeping up our ends of the bargain. He supplied me with lead upon lead. I supplied him with any book he asked for and home cooked meals. He was particularly fond of bacon and cheese scrambles.

Each day I would reinvigorate the wards on the circle. I made sure to have an exorcist visit once a month. I did my best to hit the confessional on the regular and work at my end of things. 

I felt his arms lifting me up to a sitting position. His hands were bitingly cold, even through the fabric of my blouse. I started shivering immediately. My stomach lurched and I honestly wasn't sure if I could keep from vomiting. It would fit in with the rest of this grueling embarrassment. All I would need to do is crap my pants to complete the scene. We were so close.

I opened my eyes and pushed my silvery hair away from my face. I could feel blood running down the side of my face. There was a bright red puddle, about the size of  silver-dollar pancake on the floor where I'd lain. I wasn't sure how long I'd been out. 

"Don't move," said Cid. And I froze, he was squatting next to me and at first I was seeing him in double. I swallowed and made my eyes focus. His face was preternaturally still.

"Did you mean it?" he asked.

I hesitated for just a moment surprised that I even had the option to reply. "Yes. With all my heart."

"Then we aren't done yet," said and handed me the contract and tapped his taloned hand at clause 74-B. 

>"Should the circle become broken, the Contained is, of course, free to do what it will."

He stood up and went to the sink and ran the water. He held his hand under the flow and frowned at it. Rummaging through the draws he found my meat thermometer and used it on the tap water. He nodded and then held a dishrag under the tap.

"You said you wanted to 'fix this,'" he said, he came back over to me and hunkered down he could stare at me with his odd eyes. I felt a warm wet cloth being pressed against the side of my face. "I still have a few more leads you can check on. You know, when you're feeling up for it."