Intel was coming in about an interesting population on the planet. It was called the USA, a place we would have to take out before they could react, as an admiral of their own pity squabbles once put it, 'you cannot invade mainland america, there would be a rifle behind every blade of grass' if this was the case, america needed to fall first and quickly.

This was the plan: one thousand of our finest warriors had been send to capture a place called the white house while another contingent was focused on the surrounding area. About twice as many were sent to a place called Nueva York or New York or a few other things, sources disagreed, contingents were also send to many other citys, LA, Huston, and Orlando were some of their names, but I was headed for a small town in the subregion they called 'Kansas' only a few hundred inhabitants, this would be our landing spot for the mother ship and needed to be fortified, thus a total of 3000 men were send here. This was almost one per 1000 inhabitants, quite an insult to our prowess. I was quite happy about this lax job, there was nothing to fear from a bout 500 primates with no interstellar capabilitys.

I landed on one of the buildings and started to look around. There was a gathering of about two dozen humans in a big building with a lot of their food. This must be a hub, controll the hub, controll the population.

I started shooting at the building, the first bullet hit its target, reload, repeat, after the second shot, they answered with counterfire. 
"These guns are not muskets, repeat, these guns are not muskets." I told headquaters.

"They answer every of my shots with a hundred." I slid down the side of the building and made my escape through the fences. Good thing I had my invisibility tech, I may be outclassed in firepower, but not in wit.

I went over a street to flank these primates.
"There!" Someone shouted, and soon they followed me with their trucks. The invisibility gear didn't work.

"HQ order: retreat." Came in through my channel to the HQ and I flew off towards space. Sustaining an injury of my leg in the process.