The promises I made mean nothing now. "*Protect her*" were her last words. "*Protect her*"... her words rang over and over again in my mind. It means nothing. The thing outside the door wanted in. "*The thing*?! That's your daughter, for god's sake woman! Get it together.*" I pulled the blankets tighter over my head and curled into a ball. I hugged the shotgun to my body and sobbed.

"Momma, let me in! Mom is dead and I'm all alone!" "*Momma*"... a dead word to me. Mother. Mother to a monster. The door knob jiggled and I shrieked. I knew I was somewhat safe with the oak chest pressed against the door, the dresser over the window. But what if she gets through? I know I can't do it. I might have the guts to kill myself but my daughter? "*I just.... can't...*" 

I had failed my wife, letting our daughter be attacked by one of Them. I thought I could make it up if I didn't let any harm come to her. We had seen all of the zombie movies together, so we thought we were prepared. A homeless man began it all, a homeless man would take out my wife and my wife would take out my daughter. What will she do to me? 

"Please let me in! I hear something downstairs, I'm scared! Momma please!" I put the pillow over my head and bit my tongue. I could taste the salty blood fill my mouth. "*Damn it! Pull yourself together!*" "There's people downstairs! Let me in! Help me momma! Ah!" O god her screams. They didn't sound human anymore. I heard footsteps hit the floor, followed by muffled voices. If there were more of them, they might get through the door. "*I'm fucked*"

I threw the blanket off and checked my bullets; 3 shells. We never kept this thing loaded, hell we didn't even own bullets. I traded these with a neighbor for an hour with me. My daughter watched as I loaded them and showed her the basics of aiming and shooting. Now I wish I had never touched them. Since I was now trapped completely, I squeezed myself into my last hiding place - the closet. Her voice was a whisper now. "Mom I'm serious, let me in! There's 3 men and they have guns! LET ME IN!!!"

She sobbed as I closed the door. I touched the cold trigger. "*What can I do?*" I ran the options in my head and measured their outcomes. Kill myself. Believe her and let her in, risking death, or possibly saving or killing my daughter. Let the men with guns join her and bring down the door. There was no option in which I make it out safely with my baby girl. Either way, someone had die. 

Self preservation screamed in my mind "*ME! SAVE YOURSELF!*" But the mother in me whispered "*Her. Protect her.*" I sat in the dark closet breathing in and out quietly, smelling my own whiskey-tinted breath. "Don't you love me Mommy?" My eyes shot open. "Love?" "Mhm. You still love me... right?" My god, of course I loved her. If she was one of Them or not, I loved her more than anything. There was no use thinking this through. I was going to prove my love and show my baby that I loved her more than anything. More than life.

I shoved through the piles of clothes and swung the gun around, gripping it until my knuckles burned. Protect her. I inched closer to the door. Protect her. With all of my strength I moved the chest out of the door frame. "O god they're here! They have guns! Mom! Mom!!!" "*Not my baby! No, hurry, hurry!*" I pushed the chest enough that I could open the door for her slender fame to squeeze in and for me to push the shot gun barrel through. 

I saw the men. I saw her eyes. I gripped my gun. I heard a scream. Everything went black as I fell to the floor. "Protect her."