'What the actual f***?'

It was the first thing that came to James's mind when he walked into the garage. His cars have a special prototype system that modify the car to fit with expected situation for the day. At first he doubted it but after it saved him from a car crash he believes in it with his life. Sometimes the car make some really weird modifications but it all turned out fine. Today however, it was simply out of this world. The car used up all the parts in the system supply storage, and right now tank is a better way to describe it. 

As James was dumbfounded, a motorcycle pull up on his front yard, the 2 mens come into his garage and ask him

'Are you James, the owner of protoype 769? We receive a report from it request crew to help you.'

'I'm James, yes. Can anyone tell me what the bloody hell is going on. Why is there a tank in my garage? What happened to my car?'

'Your car simply make the modifications need for you today. It also request us to help you with it. We dont have the exact detail but it specifically request that we come before 7.52. It is 7.31 right now, so I would like to have permission to check its condition before we go.'

'Yes, if possible I want you to change it back. I'll be late for work at this rate.'

'Dude' - the other men pat James's shoulder - 'Work is the last thing you want to worry about, I suggest you take all the foods you have in the house and put in in the tank. Also bring a lot of drink water in bottle etc. You better be fast. Since its report demanded those must be done before 8.00'

James reluctantly do as he was told. Sure the demands are weird, but those demands saved his life once. There must be a reason for all this shenanigans. As he finish packing the food and water, a large noise was coming from above his house. Look outside, he saw a aircraft falling, crash and explode just a few blocks away. 

'James, look like it started, get the stuff in the tank now, we need to go.'

James rushed to the tank, throw everything in and hop in. He couldn't believe what he saw. It was clearly a Su-30. The only one with that aircraft he could think of is the new division who is equipped with aircraft from Russia in a move to diversified the nation trading partner. 

'Something must have gone wrong. Did the car give any suggestion or direction?'

'Yeah, it told us to get you to the Kizolug base 350 km from here. You worked in the Ministry of Defence right? What the hell was that aircraft???'

'It was a Su-30. I recently worked on a deal to buy 20 of those for the country. It'snt suppose to be flying so soon. And they are stationed at a far away place, what the hell are they doing in the capital.'

'Guess we need to get you to Kizolug to find the answer for it. Turn on the radio please. We need some source of information. Woazikiz, ready the gun, we may have to use it very soon.'

James reach for the radio system and turned it on, but there was no signal from any station. Then he tuned in to emergency channel, there was only muzzled of a emergency broadcast

"........... unknown .................. today ........................... shelter ................. military base ........................"

This can't be good. James thought to himself. What now?