Long time Lurker, First time poster.  Be kind :)  ( I did not read any previous posts before writing, so any similarities are unintentional - off to read now)



A tiny piece of the crumbling concrete keeping me entombed rattled down the side of the embankment, leaving a hole.  Said hole was nearly invisible, allowing enough light in only to create a lighter shade of black than I had seen with my eyes for hundreds of years.   I  used my shoulder to whittle away more and more, until I could actually take a breath.  I slowly pulled in salt-misted air and held it, not requiring breath, but enjoying the feeling of lungs filling with air and then expelling it with a long, loud, breathy sigh.  After straining against the concrete prison for perhaps 30 minutes more, eliciting scrapes and a hint of blood for my efforts, I was able to free an arm.  I felt around and pried a rock from the earth that also entrapped it, and began to systematically chip away larger chunks of fabricated rock until both arms were free and I was able to slide the length of my body out of this centuries old chamber.

Sediment of the ages had settled on top of the sarcophagus, and the sea breezes and storms from the beach below had eroded the earth away along its side, so the egress from my tomb was a few degrees shy of perpendicular to the earth surrounding it.  I skittered down earth and rocks, to the sand, and walked into the cold, bracing water, reveling in the feeling of breath, cold, and the briny essence of the water.

After rinsing the eons of imprisonment from my body, I walked back above the tidemarks on the beach beach and investigated my surroundings.  At the top of the embankment, trees hung over the side, like peonies sagging under the weight of their own giant blooms.  The earth was a craggy, layered mixture of red clay and golden sand.  The sky was already darkening; I had managed to free myself at sunset.  Sunset being a relative thing, as thick clouds blocked the sky and any direct light from the sun.

To my left, the embankment and cliffs prevented moving further in that direction without climbing, and created a small inlet where waves swirled and broke on sharp black rocks.  To my right, far down the beach I saw the faint twinkling of lights through the haze, and the suggestion of buildings.  I began to walk.

Finally, my thoughts turned to the circumstances which had led to my imprisonment in that man-made tomb.  Being trapped there for hundreds of years I had gone through cycles of blame, of guilt, of acceptance, anger and madness, and of course, lonliness.  At times, I had flown through time and space unfettered by my immovable body.  Other times I suffered through agonizingly slow movement of time, alone with only myself and my vacillating thoughts of guilt and blame.  At some point, in my solitude, it became clear that any thoughts on the subject were futile.  I could do absolutely nothing to punish my captors or atone for my own sins.  In doing so, my mind was free to explore, and soar through the cosmos and time.

Now I was free.  I could breathe, I could eat, and drink wine.  I could love, and yes, probably still hate, although I needed none of these things to exist.  As I continued down the beach towards the lights, I wondered what mankind had become, this time.


