The office was hell today. A bead of sweat dripped off his chin onto the keyboard below. The man was caressing his damp head with a crazed look in his eyes, transfixed to the computer screen in front of him. 

The air-con had died a long time ago, along with it's reassuring whisper. The cool air had dispersed when heat invaded the office, slowly making its way across the open plan room. A few hours prior you could see the effects starting to affect the most vulnerable. 

Agnus had to leave the office to get some air. Rumours had started to spread that the 40-something, morbidly obese, woman was already jostling around in the back of an emergency vehicle. Nobody cared to check on her. 

It wasn't just the office that was heating up. The man had been red in the face for about a week now, no sleep, just work. The latest rise in the heat was just another sign of the time that was running out, his neck was on the line. 

"Grim!" a sharp voice barked from over his shoulder. The heavy footsteps of self importance came marching towards his desk. Grim looked up at the ceiling, running his hand over his face. He was searching for answers. "Grim!" the voice repeated. The hand of the voice came crashing down on his shoulders and gripped tight. 

"Yes?" Grim said with polite certainty. His time was short but he understood the authority that The Boss held, for now. 

"What you got? Gimme figures? Gimme something! C'mon... whats wrong? You don't look so good?!" The Boss had spun Grim around in the chair and was closely examining his face. "CHRIST! Have you slept?!" The Boss gasped. "Don't tell me you took what I said seriously, last week? C'mon, I was kidding, I'm serious, you better not take me to HR for telling you to "get this fixed or die!"" The Boss chuckled, nervously. 

Grim sighed and forced a weak smile. He knew his job depended on it. "Well, you know I hate working in this office, I like to be out in the field. So, I'm just a bit tired that's all, I need fresh air." Grim explained carefully. 

"OH, FRESH AIR" The Boss was delighted by this notion. "FRESH AIR INDEED!" he bellowed throughout the office, turning his gaze over the room to make sure everyone was looking at the crazed grin that had formed on his face. "If you want fresh air, you better have some cases to close! That air con doesn't run on air, you know?" The Boss seemed rather pleased with his clever play on words, he had probably been thinking of this all morning. "Now, gimme something, gimme hope, Grim!" The Boss changed his tone and pleaded with Grim, he knew that his job was on the line as well. 

None of his staff were doing very well. Grim was the big-hitter in the office, the employee of the month for as long as he could remember. Until about a month ago. It seemed that business was drying up, Grim would report to the office with no cases closed, no business. No-one could understand, as previous weeks he had been coming in with thousands of closed cases, easy. 

Grim sighed again, and then turned towards his computer. "See this here?" Grim pointed towards the blurry image on the screen, a white blip among the bleak black canvas. "There's two in this region, fairly good condition but shouldn't be long before that changes." Grim turned towards The Boss to see if he understood, there was a grin on his face, he didn't. "So, obviously, it's a good thing. However, I haven't been able to find any more since... None!" Grim leaned back in his chair, allowing the words to sink in. 

"Well...When did you find them?" The Boss asked cautiously.

"Last week." Grim stated. 

"LAST WEEK! What are you waiting on!" The Boss was bewildered and took a step back to surmise the information that he was being told. 

"Well.." Grim started, but then picked up a stress ball that was lying on his desk, a small white skull made of foam. He gave it slow repetitive pumps whilst continuing. "I thought, that... Well, ever since our entire stock disappeared THESE guys are the only ones that I have found. There are NO. OTHERS." Grim held up his free hand and made a "zero" gesture and then wiped the sweat from his forehead. "Chances are, when these guys are gone that it. It's over. SO! I've been thinking, a lot." Grim paused again. 

"Well, get to the point Grim, my whole fucking business is crumbling, you haven't closed a case in days and here we are looking at two little beauts that you could have snapped up ages ago. Surely there is more? C'mon, I don't believe that these are the last two! What were you thinking? Please, tell me?" The Boss was close to pleading, he would be just as well getting on his knees. His voice had a tremor of fear that Grim could sense. 

"We should save them." Grim quietly revealed.

A gasp whipped round the office as the eavesdroppers could not contain their veil any longer. Then silence.

The Boss looked intently at Grim. He finally understood.
