A thrill ran down my back, I stopped and time slowed down. A moment, it took a moment, a fraction of a second, to shake my world. He said, "It must have been difficult all these years, wasn't it?"

"What does this mean - I thought - do you know me?" I looked at him and tried to observe him: a compassionate smile crossed his face. I was rambling over that sentence trying to grasp its meaning, but the more I thought I had grasped the answer, the further away it was. "Hey, do you want to answer me?" - I jumped, I forgot about him, caught up in the eagerness to understand.

 "What do you mean? - he replied - I know how you feel. You too invented a language, yours, because you were alone, maybe you still are. You were afraid of the world around you and you refused to talk to others and in your free time you invented your own language that only you would have understood; no one would have made fun of you if they couldn't understand you. 

I didn't know how to react, my mind was wandering and trying to imagine every possible scenario: "Was it serious? Was he kidding? Did anyone discover my code? Only he knew? If not, how many?" But my heart had lit a light, a small flame that fed on hope. I had always been the silent boy, the one from whom they stole the snack, the one who was afraid of the opinion of others, the one who didn't like to be the centre of attention. No one had ever really hated me, but the more I grew up, the more I tried to be accepted, the more others detached themselves. In the end, everyone abandoned me in one way or another: they had other commitments, they said first, they disappeared and I found myself alone, then. So I spent the last two years: without thinking too much and trying to entertain myself. Finally I decided to build my own language. 

And now here I am in front of a person who understands me: "How do you know my language? I composed it myself and wrote it down in a diary." "Because I am you - my mind emptied out - or rather, I was you. I was that boy who tried to be loved, who didn't want to make an effort for his friends and demanded that everyone act as I wanted, who was so taken by his ego that he didn't notice the world around him. "But you are popular. You have friends, you can do it at school, the girls love you and everyone wants to talk to you."

"And yet two years ago I was contemplating suicide: I stopped crying, I stopped hoping that others would call me, that they would invite me, that someone would notice me, I stopped believing that the world is conspiring against me and I began to live excited by everything I did, and now I'm here because I deserve to be here. You too could be that way if you wanted to.

"Really? How do you know my language?" 

"Because I also invented a code, but you will be surprised to know that we, humans, are more similar than you think, everybody has the same desires, the same fears, everyone feels the same emotions. You just stumbled during the journey of your life like many others, and you created a code to help someone save you like many others before you did" 

"And you will help me?"

"Yes, but only you can really change yourself. We can only guide you in the right direction."

"We?" 

"Yes, because no one is alone" 