I was supposed to be meeting a client when they arrived in my alley. That gang of “heroes” that went around beating up and jailing people who were just trying to survive on the streets. 

“We’ve been following the trail led by your contacts for months. They ratted you out, and we have you cornered!” Said the bold one in red, who I assumed was be the leader. 

“Of course, that Randy was always a backstabbing scum. I love that guy.” I responded. They walked slowly toward me, backing me into the wall. They had me cornered. 

“To think that all this would lead to a lowly street peddler. I was thinking the supplier would have been a gang boss or something” chuckled the tall one in green. Probably the brains of the group. 

“Oh darlings, you must be confused. I’m no lowly peddler.” I paused for dramatic effect, it wasn’t every day you got to talk to superheroes, might as well make a performance out of things. “No, no, I am The Peddler.”

None of them appeared threatened by my name. While everyone on the streets would speak my name only scarcely in whispers, these twerps didn’t even know who I was. This was going to be fun. 

“Listen buddy, we have you cornered, give up before it gets ugly.” said the big one in orange as he punched his palm. Clearly the one who thinks with his fists. 

“Oh c’mon darlings, you wouldn’t stop by without checking out what I have for sale now would you?”I opened my trench coat  to show them the wares inside. “These are gen-u-ine authentic watches. You can’t turn down this deal.”

“Bribery will get you nowhere peddler!” said the one in pink, probably the peppy one who made them wear those hideous matching outfits. 

My back was against the wall now, they were only a half dozen feet away. I had only seconds to act, but seconds were more than enough. 

“Can we just grab ‘em already? I’m sooo bored.” said the blue one quickly as she tapped her foot on the pavement, clearly indicating that she was telling the truth. 

The big orange one’s fist flew at my head. I quickly grabbed one of my watches and activated it. His fist stopped only inches away from my face. 

“No, not stopped, just slowed to the point where movement is barely noticeable” I thought to myself as the rest of the world slowed too. 

I sidestepped the punch and got to work. I produced a cane from my trench coat and swept the legs out from underneath orange. I was about to do the same with the rest of the group when I heard a sound. 

“Wha-wha-what happened?!” stammered blue. Now this is what caught me off guard. 

“Why aren’t you frozen? You’re supposed to be frozen!” I yelled. 

“Why aren’t I fast?!” She seemed in hysterics now. 

“Ahh” I said, regaining my composure. “It appears I have met my match” I responded. 

“You, I’ll get you for this!” She yelled as she charged towards me at an average speed. 

I wasn’t used to fighting in real time, but I still managed to step out of the way of her heavily televised attack. It became apparent that she also wasn’t used to this form of combat. 

And so it went on a bit, both of us out of our environment, her clumsily missing blows, me barely managing to not get hit. In a way it was the most anticlimactic fight ever. You’d expect a master of time and speedy opponent to have an epic battle, and maybe it would look that way to outsiders, but at our speed it was obvious neither of us were actually very good at fighting. In fact I had rarely ever done anything but mess with my assailants and run away. After what felt like an eternity she managed to pin me against the wall. 

“Change it back! Now!” She yelled. Clearly using all her might to stop me from breaking free. It became blatantly apparent to me that without her super speed, she couldn’t pack enough power into her blows. 

“Honey now why would I do that? That’s a horrible bargain. And besides, you aren’t a threat to me.” 

“Are you telling me it will be like this forever?” I could hear the desperation in her voice as she gestured towards her allies who still were facing the wall I was previously cornered in. 

“Darling please, it’ll stay like this until I tell it not to.” I said with a smug grin. “Tell ya what. I’ll cut ya a deal. Let me go free, and I’ll let things return to normal.”

“You think I’m just gonna let a criminal walk away?”

“It’s either that or spend an eternity with me in the next few minutes.” I said, pointing towards my watch. “Now frankly I don’t mind the company, but the choice is yours.”

“I- I uh.” She stammered.

“Don’t worry darling, we’ll have loads of fun in quite literally no time, just you and me, forever.” I winked at her. 

 “Fine. Deal.” She said sounding defeated. Blue let go of me and sulked away. “Just put it back to normal and get out of here.”

“Works for me honey.” I said while I walked down the alley. “Oh, don’t forget this.” I said as a tossed a beautiful “genuine” golden watch to her. After I was a far enough distance away, I snapped my fingers, and time snapped back to normal speeds. 





Wow okay so I’ve never wrote on one of these prompts before, and I know it’s late and this’ll get buried, but I had a lot of fun writing. It’s not perfect but I had a good time. Hope you enjoy. 