“Jessica Wilder, 1991 - 2017.”

I hadn’t thought of that name in years. There was no reason to; she was the girlfriend of a friend of a friend years ago and we only met a few times - I had talked about her more than I had seen her.

I remembered being less than fond of the shy, indecisive girl that took ten minutes to order food at McDonald’s and rambled on incessantly for fifteen minutes about - cheese? not liking cheese?? and then clammed up for the rest of the night. I poked at Doug about her when she went to the washroom.

“She’s your type? God she’d drive me crazy in a day,” I read from the tablet in front of me.  “She’s not even cute.”

My biography didn’t document Doug’s response, though I was sure he hadn’t been fond of my comment. I glanced at the reference to his biography, but skimmed on down the page to where Jessica’s section ended, a scant three lines further. Uninterestedly, I reached out to swipe to the next page, only to tap accidentally on the last sentence.

Whoops. I would have swiped back to continue reading my biography, but paused at the full page under my raised hand. That didn’t seem right. The links took you conveniently to the cross-referenced sections as I had discovered earlier, but no way Jessica had so many paragraphs when I couldn’t even remember how she looked.

“James and Catherine. Their names aren’t that hard to remember. James. Catherine. God I hope he didn’t notice how sweaty my hand was...”

“...He’s not smirking at me is he? Oh my god I shouldn’t have said that, what the fuck no one wants to hear about the differences between cheddar here and cheddar in Europe. He probably thinks I’m a fucking weirdo...”

“Is he annoyed? He seems perfectly fine when talking to Catherine or Doug but that look he had when he wanted the napkins for fuck’s sake cut it out, it was probably just the angle, not everything is about you Jessica...”

“Sure GREAT trip over his chair are you five?? What a fantastic first impression, oh my god. Can we just never meet again please, okay, really just why are you like this, it’s fucking fine accidents happen, he’s probably already forgotten about it...”

There were two more pages. I cringed and swiped back, wondering idly if her whole life was like that. It sounded exhausting.

“Mrs. Theresa Ng, 1954 - 2017.”