I start my day with consuming two glasses of hot water. Yes, even if it is summer. Today, it's all different. What happened to me? I don't feel like continuing my routine. It feels as if what mattered I to me the most has faded out all of a sudden for no reason.

I try to have a look at my feet, but I'm not able to. It seems to be never ending. I'm afraid of losing in the thought. Wait, is my name Mark? what do my friends call me? It must be Carl. Yes, it is.

What kind of spell am I possibly in? Feeling difficult to remember even my own name. Even in this chaos, one thing is clear. Lucid. It's her name. Angela. Was she just my friend? Was she more than that? If yes, did she know that? Well, perhaps.

The moment I shifted my attention from my feet and our relationship, the scene has changed entirely. I know answer for one question. This is not a dream. This is not reality either. 

I feel hungry. I feel agitated. I remember a dining table that I used to like being a kid once. It's Made of wood, coated with a shiny substance that makes it difficult to decide if it's really made to dine on. One could literally see his face on it, when sun light penetrates a vent in the roof top and falls on the table.

After three decades, the shining still persists. Yes, it is laid in front of me from nowhere. The odd thing is the people with whom I used to dine. Angela on my left with shiny bright eyes, spreading love seamlessly around her. I would say that one glimpse she sheds means more than any blissful spell you can ever exposed to. What drives me crazy now is the sadness she has worn in her eyes. This is unusual.

I sense a looming shadow over the table. I could not figure out if it's two or persons obstructing the light. I admit that I am little freaked out. Obviously, the reason as you think is that I want to keep her safe. I finally mustered up the courage to look at the faces.

As my instincts tried to tell me, the shadows belonged to two people. One of them extending his hand towards me. I could clearly see the face, but I can't process the information. It's as if the bridge between my senses and brain is broken.

I finally felt instinctively that the person was trying to convey something to me. The voice started rising up. Not from one direction. As the lips move, sound comes from all possible ways. It says my friend is no more. Angela is dead. Now I remember that she was found hanging in her apartment yesterday and the funeral was done by the evening.

I retorted to the person looking at the ground, confused from inside, if the direction matter anymore. "I Know". The voice appeared again. This time with gleaming lights from everywhere. It says "I am death". This should've surprised me, but it didn't.

All the logical part of my mind is shut. The irony is that there is no questions or confusions either. I had no interest to know about the person who owns one more shadow on my glittering table. Something from inside pushes me yet. I finally rose my face to have a look.

By the look, I could make it that it's not something welcoming. It was evil. Insidious. Satan? I asked. Burst of laughter started and continued checking my patience. I didn't budge though it was intimidating. I needed the answer. It was a big YES.

I get a instinct to connect all the dots now. Right away. Why is there no memory about what happened to me after the funeral? How did I end up here? It's left to me now. It's up to me now. I can interpret the situation. Only I can explain things to myself now.

May be I committed a suicide too and I am here for a Two VS Two game where only one of us get to travel the ship to heaven. It's either Angela or Me.

Perhaps, Angela didn't die at all.  It's just me. And the reason why I see here might be the untold crush. The inner urge and emotional rut ended me up here.

Or, Perhaps it's the usual drug that I have has put me in this mind blending alter reality in which I could get to see myself and Angela after subsiding the effects.

I can't think of any other possibilities. It's you. You are in better place than me to decide what's going on around me.________

Note: I am new to this community and a new writer too. Expecting your input on this piece of story. :)