Am I allowed to post a story on my own writing prompt? Oh well...I'm going to anyways. Hope you guys like it...its been awhile since I've done any writing!


I tried not to stare but I wanted to so badly . I must have been confused. He was just watching a different game from a different time and it was just a coincidence. I went back to watching the game, summoning all of my willpower to not look at the man’s phone. My willpower is weak apparently because within 5 seconds I was staring at his phone again. I was sure I wasn’t imagining things now, this was definitely the same game. The man abruptly stood up and began working his way towards the stadium stairs. I looked around to see if anyone else had been watching this man like I had, but everyone’s focus was on the game. He was at the stairs now. I tried to get a good look at his face but it was mostly obscured by the hood of his jacket. I needed to know more about this man and his magical cell phone, so I decided to follow him. I stood up quickly and began shuffling down the aisle, bumping into people, spilling drinks and apologizing profusely. I made it to the stairs and looked back at the row of disgusted, angry people that I had left behind and made one final apology before dashing up stairs after the man. When I finally spotted his bright blue jacket again, he was nearly at the exit. I hung back as far away as I possibly could without losing sight of him again. It had been a long time since I had followed someone like this and I realized how much I had missed the thrill of it. There weren't many people in the hallways right now, everyone was watching the game so I didn’t have a crowd to blend in with which made things a little more challenging. The man abruptly turned around a corner and I lost sight of him. I picked up my pace a little, still trying to be inconspicuous. When I rounded the corner, all I found was an empty hallway that lead into a parking lot. I sprinted to the end of the hallway and into the middle of a parking lot just as empty as the hallway had been. I let out a disappointed sigh. My curiosity would have to be left unfulfilled I suppose. 

That’s when I heard a familiar sound, a sound I’d hoped to never hear again. 

Gunshots.

 Then screaming. 

My stomach twisted itself into a knot. The sound was coming from the direction of the football field. I turned to run back, to find some way to help. Before I could even start to run , a red Subaru came to a screeching halt in front of me and the passenger door swung open.

“Get in Tim.” I looked around the parking lot for another Tim to come running up and get in the car.

 Apparently I was the only Tim in the parking lot. In fact, besides the Subaru, I was the only person in the parking lot. The gunshots and screaming continued. I looked to the stadium. They needed help. 

“Look at me Tim!” I looked back to the Subaru. A pretty brunette pushed back the bright blue hood of her jacket to reveal her face. My mystery man was a mystery woman. 

“You can't save them. If you try, you will die and you are not supposed to die. Not yet.”
