This is my first post here! I'm a bit late to the party, and this isn't my best work, cause I'm shit at names, but please enjoy.

*** 


Kurtis dove wildly to the side as a flash and a crack of thunder blew the tree he stood in front of into flaming splinters. This was getting to be more of a headache than it was worth. He sprinted away from his brothers, as they threw inflammatory taunts after him. Damned meatheads, he thought, ducking behind a gathering of large stones.

He didn’t even know why he was here, why he was doing this. The Throne never interested him, and even his cousins threw in for it. Not to mention all the kingdom watching. What made things worse, were the sponsors. Leave it to his older brothers to conjure up the likes of Zeus, Thoth, and Susanoo. But not Kurtis. He would have taken anything, a wayward Saytr even.

But Kurtis got nothing.

He was never the star of the family, or even the Kingdom for that matter. He was never adverse to using “untoward” methods to get things done. It earned him the ire of his siblings, but to think even the Gods had turned on him made his stomach churn. In fact, at this point, it was his underhanded methods that had saved him so far. Even Ares has gaps in his armor, and the speed of Hermes doesn’t help if you don’t use it properly. You can only use the “appear behind you” trick so many times before it stops working. But among the last standing, three of his brothers had ironically managed to garner the favor of Zeus, Poseidon, and Hades. 
Figures, Kurtis thought, as a torrent of water burst from behind the stone, surging, and carrying him out into the open. In front of him, as he sat up to look ahead, stood his three brothers, one with a lightning bolt fashioned out of metal, one with an ornate trident, and the last with a silver fork. All three of them had wicked, cocky smiles on their faces.

“Still alive, Kurtis?” The oldest, in the middle mocked, “I figured you’d be the first to go. How did you live this long, anyways?” His brother asked arrogantly. Kurtis shrugged, grinning.

“You know, I’m pretty resourceful. God or no.” He replied dryly. His hands closed into fists, grabbing two handfuls of loose dirt, and he brought them up, launching the improvised screen at his brothers. He scampered to his feet, grabbing the last knife from his belt and tossing it into the small cloud as he turned to run.

Before he could get very far, hollow, skeletal bodies exploded from the ground, wrapping pairs of angry, dead arms around him. They forced Kurtis to his knees, as his brothers calmly stood in the clearing dust cloud, the fork of Hades’ chosen glowing fiery orange.

“Desperation doesn’t suit you Kurtis.” He mocked, with a smirk. Kurtis could only glare. He was out of everything, even quips. His brother wielding Zeus’ lightning bolt took a step forward, pointing it at Kurtis.

“Guess it’s time to stop playing. Any last words?” The bolt began to hum and take on a bright glow. Kurtis spit on the ground in front of him. His brother chuckled, as a crack of thunder split the air. However, as the lightning leapt from the weapon, it seemed to slow to a crawl, before stopping inches from Kurtis’ chest. At the same time, the world seemed to fall away into blackness, leaving only Kurtis and the frozen bolt. It was silent for a time, but after what felt like hours, there was the sound of steps. Soft footfalls. A figure in a black robe and a large hood concealing the face from the nose up approached Kurtis. It spoke in a soft, deep voice, though it’s mouth didn’t move.

“Kurtis Loftwren Blackwood, fifth son of the Royal Blackwood family. It is time.” Kurtis could only stare.

“What do you mean?” He argued, “I’m still fine!” He gestured frantically to the suspended bolt of lightning.

“Your bell has tolled.” The voice droned on. “It is time.” The figure, which Kurtis had now reasoned to be Death, stood statue still apart from an arm that slowly raised with an outstretched, pale hand. Kurtis stood, the gears in his head turning, even in death, trying to find a solution. He nodded at Death, and the figure slowly turned to begin leading the way.Kurtis followed for the first few steps, looking back to see his body, still in it’s frightened near-death state. 

Then his brain finally gave him an idea. His sword was apparently still at his hip, and he pulled it from it's scabbard. Holding his breath, he dashed forward, plunging the blade where a vital point would be on any human. The figure paused, and slowly turned. Kurtis’ sword slowly exited the body, a black vapour pouring from the wound. He couldn’t see eyes under the hood, but he knew Death was staring. He panicked. 

“S-submit!” He stammered, his sword at the ready. Death seemed puzzled. “These people all have Gods to help them in this stupid contest. This is my last chance, so I can at least try to force a god to sponsor me!”

Death was silent for a time, before asking in dull bewilderment. “You wish… To *dominate* Death?” It almost sounded amused. “I am no God, mortal thing. I am a primordial force of nature. Even Gods fear me.” Kurtis grit his teeth. 

“Then join me! Together we’ll show those Gods and my crappy siblings what they’re screwing with!” If he hadn’t grounded himself, it would have almost sounded like pleading, but Death noted the fire in his eyes. 

"This is a place outside of life, where willpower takes precedent over physical strength.” Death explained, gesturing to the dark space around them. “Do you think your will to live is stronger than my primal compulsion to reap the living?” The bass tone of Deaths voice carried into a dark silence. Kurtis chuckled. 

“In my opinion, spite is easily the strongest motivator a human will ever have. And I’m full of it right now. Towards this damn contest, towards my family, and towards *you*!” He jabbed the point of his sword towards Death. There was a thrumming in the darkness which Kurtis identified as laughter. 

“Very well, Prince Kurtis.” Death said, as a pale face with milky, white eyes peered at him from under the hood. “Show me your will!” Existence shook, as Death swung a scythe that had suddenly appeared from seemingly nowhere at Kurtis. He took a defensive stance, and his vision was flooded with white. 



Upon contact, the bolt of lightning cascaded in several directions, as if hitting a wall. Kurtis’ brother pulled his bolt back in shock. The three of them gasped as they laid eyes on their brother, who they now barely recognized. His hand was held out, as if he tried to catch the lightning, and the dead things had stepped away, giving space. His skin had paled greatly, and his hand had become nearly skeletal. His hair had gone stark white, and his eyes which had sunk a little, looking heavily ringed, caught the light strangely, and reflected it like tiny mirrors. 
Kurtis looked around at the dead things, nodded, and they all collapsed into piles of dust and ash. He looked to his brothers with a wry smile. The one sponsored by Hades scoffed. 

“What do you think you’re playing at?!” He yelled, pointing the fork at Kurtis, who simply shrugged. 

“Looks like I finally got a sponsor.” He replied. All three brothers shuffled uncomfortably, and the same one made a frustrated sound. A mass of black-orange energy grew in between the tines of the fork, and burst outward, in a beam, at Kurtis. He put out his hand again, and the beam, whatever it was it seemed hot, rolled past him. He flexed his outstretched hand, and a purple pulse shot towards his attacker. 

Without warning, a large hole appeared in his brothers chest. He and his companions both looked in shock, as the area around the hole began to rot and whither, until the entirety of his body turned to dust, and drifted towards Kurtis, and reformed into a long glaive, with a spine acting as the shaft, and bone with a metal edge as the blade. 

“Now then,” he said. “Let’s try that again.”