He turns and pounds on the steel covering the window he just entered through

"Let me out of here."

There is no reply. His mouth goes dry and as he looks around the room, he tries to make sense of his surroundings. It's a kids room, there is a crib on one side and a rocking chair on the other. A changing table with all the trappings. A toy box, a mobile, the room brightly decorated. Perfect for an infant.

"The fuck is going on here." He muttered to himself. He was drawn to burglarizing for easy cash, so he didn't carry a gun. Just a knife. He pulled out the blade and held it in his right hand. The room was dimly lit by a nightlight on the wall. He made his way toward the hallway. He hid just inside the door, peering down the hall to the left of the door frame, then shifting to the other side of the doorway, he looked down the right.

To the left was several closed doors. The right went to the living room. He made his way into the hallway, keeping his back to the wall and inching down to the living room. The living room had your standard set of furniture, but the kitchen was absent anything useful. Just cupboards made of clear plastic that contained nothing. He made a futile attempt to open the front door, but it wouldn't budge. Out of the corner of his eye, he noticed that the doorway at the end of the hall had opened. He jumped as he turned around, seeing a scrawny man, skin and bones, eyeing him.

"Who are you?" Our burglar asked.

"Player 1."

"What's your real name?"

"I've forgotten."

Player 1 licked his chapped lips. His skin was pale white.

"What's going on here?" The burglar asked.

Player 1 coughed, a deep cough that the burglar recognized from his grandmother who died of tb.

Wiping the spit from his mouth, his eyes went wide and his body flew through the air toward the burglar.

Reacting on instinct, the burglar put one arm up to protect himself and thrust the knife into the throat of player one.

The body went stiff and dropped to the floor making gurgling noises.

"Player 2 wins." Echoed through the house.

The burglar pulled his knife out of the neck of the man, blood pooling on the floor as it spurt out from the artery. A sliding door opened in the kitchen, "Player 2 may now exit."

The burglar looked into the doorway, a dark doorway void of light. At this point, it was his only option. He stepped into the blackness and felt along the walls. The door slammed shut behind him. He continued feeling his way blindly down the corridor until the floor suddenly didn't exist any more. He fell down, striking a slanted slick surface, sliding down, a dim light growing brighter as he fell. He landed on a mattress in a dimly lit room, food, a bed, a tv were all present.

"Player 2 will wait for the game to reset and player 3 to join."

The burglar suddenly realized he would be imprisoned here, like the man he just killed, forever. His hand shaking, he plunged the knife deep into his own neck, dropping to the floor. As the blood spurted from his neck, the last thing he heard was.

"Player 2 has forfeited. Game over."