After dying to leaving /r/subnautica open idle (again) in hardcore, I had decided to take a break.

Standing up, I reached back and twisted. The crunch of so many little joints popping at once was more habit than stress relief these days.

Unfortunately as I lay me down to sleep, a demon spawn rose to creep.

The prick bastard ripped off my blanket, leaving me high and dry in the middle of winter. I jolted awake, too tired to yet even imagine the situation I was in. A chill worse than the coldest night swept through my senses. It was too dark to see, so cold it hurt to breathe, smelled like death and just being near it made you wonder what it would be like to follow those deepest, darkest dreams. 

It's touch horrible, and I was yet to even see my attacker. But as it pulled and I moved, I couldn't help but feel like I had moved in a direction not forwards, nor back... 

But

Sideways? It was disorienting to say the least, and honestly made me nauseated. But there I was, as I rubbed the sleep from my eyes: hung by my ankles, naked as the day I was born, surrounded by monsters. 

They werent human. They were dark, and shapeless. 

*Or maybe I can't describe the shape they had?*

As I twisted around, blood quickly starting to pool in my head, I saw the devil. He looked almost exactly like you would expect. 

Dropping me down, with a snap of his fingers I rose. 

"I bet this species could make your day," He grinned "Unpredictable at the best of times and downright savage at the worst, they never dissapoint,"

A deep sense of dread overwhelmed me. This sounded worse than bad. I felt like an ant on display for the world's biggest child holding a magnifying glass.

*Can I bargain? Do I beg? There has to be a catch, something. Bad things can't happen for no reason.*

**САИ'T ТНЕУ?**

"Mr Pharaoh, I take you as a gambling man. I bet a whole lotta souls this little thing right here can bring you a *whole* lot of satisfaction," 

A bet? This was a bet? 

I was always lucky in the past, granted most often it was being smart and keeping my head down when the punches started flying. My pa always said that common sense was a super power these days. 

Maybe I could get lucky?

#DEAL 

I turned around to face a man. Dark skinned and fair featured. I didn't notice any distinctive features at first. He seemed almost perfect, as if not a day had ever passed, and not a thing could hurt him. 

It was actually kind of intimidating if we're being honest. This was someone who didn't care about luck, or skill, or likely any other quality I possessed. I couldn't help but feel crushed by the idea that this thing had casually bartered with something I had previously believed to be fictional. I must be dreaming 

*Is this a dream?*

#No. 

It feels so real. Can it be real? 

*Does it matter?*

I'm feeling it right now, I might as well make the best of it. 

"Why me? " I asked reluctantly 

#Your actions are a means to your end. 

Maddeningly unhelpful at best I'd think. I yawned, still half asleep, and as my eyes closed I saw the universe in my eyelids. The moment passed as I dribbled rather embarrassingly down the side of my mouth. 

*A pristine example. Model citizen. This is all I get?*

"Piss off," I mumbled, wiping my mouth dry 

Suddenly aware I was alone. At home. My room covered in drawings, shapes, symbols. 

*Answers*

To everything! It was all so much, and the more I read the more I knew. The more I knew, the more I wanted to read. It was intoxicating. I found myself mumbling out loud in strange languages. People began to think me odd. Then I heard about something from Egypt being brought in my some foreigners. 

Apparently it was a big todo, so I began to learn. Walking the town, nobody else saw what I saw. Learned what I learned. 

But by Gods, the dreams.

I would drift, forever. Lost in a void where nothing existed and only the pounding of my heartbeat shook my very bones. 

*Your heart couldn't do that*

I couldn't bear to imagine it as anything but. 

The more I spoke of this to the folk, the more they thought me crazed. I began to drink, for all I could do was be consumed by fear of something, somewhere beyond us. Something that could erase dimensions, possess and warp the minds of those around us. How would you know what was real? 

*You can't*

What will I do? The knowledge grows, with every day and I have no way to escape it. I cannot unsee what I've seen, and I have no way to forget that which I have puzzled. 

*I don't know what to do*

What can I do? Its coming. I can feel it. Every night it gets so close. I have began to light candles. I feel comfort knowing that at least with the candles I may see what comes for me. No darkness shall hide my foes. 

I was thrown from the local today. I had a touch too much to drink for breakfast, and casually mentioned it possible the world could be over soon. 

Many of the patrons were disturbed I'm told, and I am deeply sorry. I wish they had understood what was to come as I did. I dare not write more of it, for fear of making things worse. One person in particular had seemed curiously calm during my outburst. An odd fact, but one nonetheless. 

It's closer than before. Why? I do not know. But when I think about it, I see it more. And if I speak of it, I feel it within me, reaching to the others. 

*What am I doing?*

Its here. It's coming for me. I hear the bell. 

I hold my candle tightly, the wax burning my hands. The light is all I can see. It's here. It's so cold. I stare into the light, it's all I can bear to examine. I feel it coming towards me. Footsteps pounding up the stairs. It's breath on the back of my neck. A hot, sickly, horrible air that was so comforting.

With no hope, I have no fear. It is an interesting feeling. I have decided to look at the beast. 

I steel my heart. 

I raise my eyes.

As I lift my head, the scream begins in my chest, but never reached my ears. I closed my eyes so not to look at it again. 

It no longer matters. It's on me now and I can't escape it. Closing my eyes, doesn't stop the feeling of it pulling apart my skin. It sucked the marrow of my bones and left my waste behind. 

Now I am one. I hear the drum. 


