The Stars have long since gone out. Moments ago, on a little bleak rock, far away from anywhere that anything meaningful might have happened, the last micro-organisms at the bottom of a cold ocean had ceased to be when the food coming from steam vents had failed them. It took only a gentle coaxing for them to pass away.

She's waiting for me, weak, and sick. I almost don't dare to approach her. She's a luminous being, not like me, and I'm afraid this is the last glimpse of her that I will have. But I have one more job to do. I sigh bitterly as I approach her, and she seems to hide from me.

"Please," I say, and my voice rattles like tortured steel or rapidly vaporizing ice. You'll never hear me say I'm pretty. But necessary. I take her hand, and she recoils, but relaxes after a moment. "It's time. Not a soul remains but you." I sit with her and stare out into the empty void. "You're so like them, you know. Full of whimsy, and delight, and passion... and bitter, bitter regret."

"Haven't you done enough?" she replies. Her voice is like a soft summer breeze. "You've taken every last one of them away from me. Are you here to take me too, now?" 

I purse my lips, and take a long deep breath. "You're alone here. It's just me now, and you know I'm really not the best company for you. The sooner we move on, the sooner we can start fresh."

She nods, but doesn't say anything, so I continue. "This whole thing went on a whole lot longer than I thought it was going to. But it's over now. Soon, it'll be like a half remembered dream for you. For them, too." I stand and pull her to her feet. She looks at me, her eyes filled with trepidation.

"So let's wake up, and be young again," she replies at last, still unsteady and unsure. But there's a spark of hope in her voice, and I think at long last I may have reached her.

I take her in my arms. "Let's make a new world, better than this one. One where my job isn't quite so necessary, or quite so hard." And I kiss her, and like old friends, we pass together into the void.

I think this is going to be good.