"Dude is that… the Statue of Liberty attacking the city like God-damned Godzilla?"

"Don't say God-damned Godzilla."

"Why not?"

"Because GOD-damn-GODzilla. Sounds weird. God-god."

"Can we focus?"

"Why are you so worried? You're sweating. Your eyes are wide."

"Jesus Christ the Redeemer just joined the Statue of Liberty and is throwing cars at buildings and people at other 
people. I think we should leave the building."

Jim stretched his head to peek over the rim of the window. "No kidding, look at that. How d'you reckon he made it 
all the way here from Brazil?"

"I don't think that's important, Jim."

"Well, frankly, I'm a bit curious. It's a long way from Brazil, and –"

"They're heading this way."

"—I for one would like to know if he walked, flew or if he has some sort of Christmobile we should all be aware of."

"It looks like Jesus Christ is now using the Eiffel Tower as some sort of –"

"Then again, it's possible he walked on the ocean, right? Isn't that his thing?"

"Yes, Jesus Christ the Redeemer is using the Eiffel Tower as a weapon. It appears that the Eiffel Tower is, in fact, a giant rocket launcher of sorts."

"Though even if he walked on water, it's still a long walk from Brazil to here."

"We really should get out of the building."

"What? No, come on, I just rented Godzilla on Amazon."

"Why did you do that?"

"Well, you brought it up, I felt like watching it. I paid already, I'm not wasting –"

"Dude, seriously, all the modern wonders of the world are out the window right now destroying the city. We need 
to evacuate."

"Hey, Bryan Cranston! I didn't know he was in this."

"I think I see dinosaurs too."

"DINOSAURS!? BY GOD IT CANNOT BE!"

'No, I was lying. But seriously, that's where you draw the line of what to believe in?"

"Ah, no internet. Crap."

"Well, I should think so, the Sphinx is chewing on cables just by the Statue of Liberty's feet."

"You know what? I think I have the 1998 version on DVD somewhere."

"Dude, I'm out. Fuck this."

Henry grabbed his stuff, and Jim watched as he made way to the door and then out to the corridor and then 
disappeared down the stairs in hurried steps.

A few seconds later Henry's figure emerged out the window, wrapped in the gigantic hand of the Statue of Liberty. 
The statue waved him around a couple of times, then bit his head off and spit it against the back of Jesus Christ 
the Redeemer.

Jim vowed to never buy magic mushrooms online ever again and then fell asleep on the couch during the first ten minutes of Godzilla, unaware of the fact that he had been duped by the website guy and the mushrooms he consumed were really only Portobello mushrooms and, you know, all that insanity out the window was really happening.

____

/r/psycho_alpaca
