"Well," spoke the bearded man in the vibrant blue zoot suit, "phenomenal cosmic power at your command, what is your desire?"
I glared at him and shot, "Are all genies this impatient or is it part of some trick to get me to waste my wish? You got any where to be?" He shrugged in response. "Then give me a moment to word this right." I wanted to change my biggest mistake, but a life time of media consumption made me paranoid about messing with history and just going through the hell of it again. That's it! Learn from your mistakes and erase them...
"You have the look of someone that knows what they want." He jutted his curly haired chin at me, folded his arms, and affected his best Robin Williams impression, "What do you wish of me?"
Standing proud, I stated, "I wish I had never made my biggest mistake, but to remember what it and what it's consequences are."
With a nod and sobering compassionate tone, "it is done."
I stood there, expecting flashing lights, a fade to black, many colored smokes-- something to fill my senses as the change occurred, but nothing happened. The flamboyant spirit just stood there looking expectantly at me. "What now?" I asked with a whine.
"Your biggest mistake is..." his expression was a mix of suspicion and the playfulness of a friend. Crap, did I need to spell it out? Is that the loophole that screws me? Wait no, no magic happened, so he's probably clarifying. I went to speak about the time my my best friend in highschool did a 180 and took advantage of my body, but the words wouldn't come forth-- instead there were tears. Suddenly, I was questioning the truth of it, did I just fabricate the whole experience to get away from that frenemy's undermining? It is so real in my mind though, the pain of that betrayal so clear, had I only stabbed myself in sacrifice for social escape? I fell to my knees, clutching my hair in preparation to tear it out.
"There, there." the genie patted my huddled mass. "Now you have the story that can take you forward."