The sirens were close. 

He looked down at the unconscious figure sprawled on the wet alley floor, and the woman, her make up smeared with tears, who looked at him wide-eyed. Expressions of fear, confusion, and relief passing over her not unpretty face. Mostly relief now though. 

Blue lights cast sharp, flickering, shadows on the walls at the end of the alley. 

The sirens were very close now. 

The knife, it's jagged blade flashing with blue raindrops, lay nearby.

He tapped for the fourth time and the world went dark.

And then bright, very bright.

"Argh! Holy fuck! Shit! Shit! Shit! What the fuck?!" 

As his eyes adjusted to the sudden change in brightness he heard the sound of frantic scrabbling and the panicked sound of someone whose world has just become very strange. It was not unfamiliar.

Vision cleared, he looked at his surroundings.  Bright light, white walls, tiled floor, various shampoos and soaps. The stench of someone mid-shit. A domestic bathroom, clearly.

He looked at the orb-eyed man sat on the toilet, his trousers bunched around his ankles, his knees raised, and his hands covering his groin in an instinctive gesture  of protection. Apart from the very familiar expression of fear and surprise the man wore, the Traveller couldn't see any signs of harm on him. He looked healthy enough. Certainly none of the signs of an impending stroke or heart attack.

The Traveller frowned, something wasn't right here but he didn't know what. Usually, it was immediately evident what the problem was, but this time...

"Who the fuck are you?"

The Traveller ignored him, it was always the same questions. 'Who the fuck are you?', 'Where the fuck did you come from?', 'How the fuck did you get in here?', 'What the fuck do you want?'

Always the same. And he was rarely around long enough to give a proper answer, so now he just didn't bother trying. Besides, the important question always answered itself in due course.

His gaze was caught by the door handle. Out there then. As the Traveller reached for the door, a rippling noise and a groan came from the shitting man. The Traveller paused, another door to his left, he reached for that one instead and opened it.

The shitting man didn't see the slight smile on the Traveller's face as he opened the door. His did let out a simultaneous involuntary whimper and a fart as the intruder turned back to him though. He looked at what the dishevelled man held out in front of him. A quick glance to his right and the shitting man saw the single piece of toilet paper hanging loosely from the cardboard tube. He looked back at the man standing in his bathroom. He cautiously reached out to take what the man offered.

"Th... thanks."

The Travelling Man, looked down at the shitter. 

"No problem." he said, as he reached out to the wall.

Four taps on the cold tile, and the Traveler's world went dark.

It wasn't a glamorous job, but someone had to do it. 