They weren’t supposed to be infected. It was only supposed to be Granny. It was only supposed to be Granny. Granny was getting better now, they had a safe place. So why, why was Mommy outside the door now?

“Josie… Josie, baby open the door…”  She knocked fervently, like the time she had fallen in her room and hit her head.

Josie, looked down at the dog lying beside her. Luna was still on edge, but they knew she couldn’t get in. Whatever had gotten Mommy and Daddy hadn’t been the same as what had gotten Granny.

Josie knew the truth though… Mommy and Daddy went to sleep and never woke up the day of the accident. When the first wave hit the elderly. When Granny was still conscious in her hollow shell of a form, when Granny took her away to protect her from others like her.

Granny needed rest though. She couldn’t stay up all night, to protect her. Josie wasn’t afraid however…

“Mommy… I can’t let you in. Granny says you’ll bite me.”

“Young lady!” Mommy’s voice turned sharp. “Open the door this instant! Or you’ll be grounded for a month!”

Josie didn’t open the door. Even with that. She knew what was really going on outside. She was young, but she was a quick learner. 

This wasn’t Mommy anymore. Mommy wasn’t like Granny.

“... Josie… Please baby….”

There was a scuffling. Granny appeared in the doorway, going to the door.

“Mariah… Please don’t.” She rasped. “She’s your girl…”

“Mom? Mom, let me in!” Mommy was banging on the door harder now. “Mom, your just sick! Please just let me in! Josie needs me!”

“Mariah, I can’t… I’m not like you…” Granny croaked.

Josie got up, peering through the window. 

Mommy’s head was leaning unnaturally on her shoulder. There was bite marks all over her arm, her favorite jacket she had on that day torn to ribbons. 

It wasn’t Mommy anymore. 

But Josie… Wasn’t the same Josie anymore either. 

“Granny… Can’t we let her in for a little bit?”

Granny didn’t answer her, her voice fading to a growl. 

First wave always had bursts of speech. Not like this. Not where they were yelling and pleading to be let in.

Granny grabbed Josie by the shoulders, shoving her behind the couch. Luna ducked behind the couch with her.

“Mariah… I’m letting you in.”

“Mom… Mommy, I love you… I love you, I miss you. I miss you…” 

Josie heard Granny open the door.

She heard a hiss before both women were screaming.

Josie peered out from behind the couch… She couldn’t tell who was winning.

“Mommy…?”



(What can I say? I love writing about Josie and Granny from that "Zombie Virus that only effects the elderly" prompt)