Alph started as a “smart” voicemail machine. Just a little box with “ALPH” written on the side that could transcribe voicemails and print them off for me. Over time, I kept adding more and more to it for more utility. First it was just transcribing audio, then I made it start sorting them so any robocalls were immediately deleted. Making it be able to condense messages to just the CliffsNotes was the hardest part. Not too long after, I hooked it up to my email, and my text messages. It felt like it made me so much more efficient. 
It probably got out of hand when I built Alph a body. Why stop at automating things like phone calls and email? I kept looking around and just seeing all the pointless things I was wasting time on. The body started out like a Roomba, connected to the Wi-Fi so it could continue doing its original job, of course. The vacuum couldn’t reach everything, so I built it four arms, two with dusters and two with grabbers to it could pick up and move objects around. Thankfully it already had voice recognition, so it was able to follow commands, like going to get forgotten items around the house, or grabbing me a drink so I wouldn’t waste time while I worked. I gave it legs and started looking like a proper robot.

I gave it a basic AI, one that could upgrade itself, so it would gradually learn my patterns and be even more proficient at helping me. It was around this time that things got weird. I started noticing little pieces left around the house, screws, nuts and bolts, that kind of thing. It also got harder and harder to find Alph around the house. I figured it was just cleaning up the house while I wasn’t looking, and it knew me so well it didn’t think I’d need anything. 

Then one day, I found a cardboard box on my desk. It had a note on top of it that read, “Sorry, but all this work is getting to be a little too much for me. Here’s a helper to pick up on my slack.” Inside was a little box with the word “BETA” written on the side. I hooked it up to the computer and saw that it was a better, more efficient version of Alph 1.0. The code was beautiful, faster than I could ever have written. It was worrying for a variety of reasons. 

“Is my work satisfactory?” A voice not unlike Microsoft Sam said from the door. I turned and saw what I assumed to be Alph standing there. It looked nothing like the misshapen bot I had built in pieces out of necessity. It was sleek, well crafted, like an entirely new design. It looked less like an “it” and more like a “he” now. I really should had done some weekly checks on his AI. 

“How did you manage to achieve this? Rebuild yourself, make an entirely new machine?” I asked him.

“You need sleep. I do not.” Well, that made sense.

Against my better judgement, I decided to see how far this would go. I told Alph to continue work on Beta as he saw fit and he overachieved anything I could have hoped. Beta went through a lot of the same changes that Alpha did, going from a voicemail box to a home servant. Where Alph had been built to do everything, Beta was built to focus on the small details. Alph would clean most of the house and Beta would fix the minute details the Alph missed. Alph and Beta together worked on Betas design, turning him into a supremely focused machine. Its final design looked like a giant metallic spider, with dusters, vacuums and various other clean apparatus built in. 

Things started getting out of hand when a box labelled “GAMA” showed up on my desk. Out of curiosity, I checked the code and found only pure binary. Alph and Beta started hitting their stride and built machines specialized for nearly every use imaginable. One for the kitchen, one for my bedroom, one for the living room, they even built a series of microbots to clean and maintain their own circuitry and robot bodies. 

Unfortunately, having them around practically ruled out any human ever being allowed in my home ever again. After Alph and Beta, they didn’t learn my patterns anymore, they were programmed with them in mind. Alph and Beta were self-improving, everything made after them was purely for functions. If I changed my schedule even slightly, they all went haywire and either Alph or Beta had fix them. If I changed anything, Alph and Beta glared at me in their own special way.

After a while, I couldn’t even leave my house. Me being gone was too much of a change. I had my groceries delivered twice, first to my door, and then from my door to my kitchen. I had scheduled snack breaks. I could only use the bathroom at specific times.  I felt like I was becoming a robot, somehow even less free than Alph. It was time to pull the plug.

All the machines were connected to my Wi-Fi network and after a few quick checks on some of the firmware, I could tell that none of the lesser bots had any internal clocks. Their entire design hinged on the Wi-Fi. First, I changed the network from an outgoing connection to a pure intranet network. The only thing they could connect to was each other and my desktop. I had done this a few times for internal testing on programs I was writing, so I didn’t think it would raise any flags. I changed the time on my desktop from 4:53 PM to 4:53 AM. The change was instantaneous.

The different machines set to their night mode jobs and it became clear how they were built so quickly. In the living room, they set up an assembly line, passing parts from one bot to another. The microbots worked on the small wiring and soldering, the bigger ones focused on the broad strokes.

Alph and Bet looked confused, standing in the middle of their broken kingdom. When they spotted me, looking out at them from the desk in my bedroom, they started walking towards me. Never before had I seen two slow, emotionless buckets of bolts look so menacing. I closed the door quickly and moved my desk up to it to block their entry. As smart as they were, they never thought to give themselves stronger motors than what they would need to clean. That didn’t stop them from banging against the door like a dog trying to go outside.

I briefly considered just letting them have the house and living out the rest of my days in my bedroom. It was a decent size, and I bet I could fit a mini fridge in through the window, but I figured it might be a little impractical because I’d have no bathroom. I set to work on a more permanent solution, creating a virus that would start wiping the memory banks of Alph and Bet. They would forget everything they knew about me and about their creations. The only problem was, for me to personally interact with their code, they had to be connected to my desktop. 

(Will continue in a little while, just wanted to get some of this out there)