6 months. That’s how long James had been trapped in this old man’s body. Every waking moment was spent methodically searching through the cluttered house, trying to find any clue as to what modicum of talent the old bastard possessed. It wasn’t singing — these lungs had long since closed up from years of smoking, evident from the pervasive reek of cigars in the house. It wasn’t anything to do with athletics. James needed a cane just to move around, and the creakiness of his joints suggested decades-old joint replacement. He even lost a couple games of checkers to an equally-as-old man at the park. 

7 months. James was really beginning to get worried. He could feel his body degenerating. Every night he would wake up in a fit of coughing. The blood on his sheets suggested this 85 year old capsule was degenerating. He had to find a way out. There had always been a way out.

10 years ago James was sorting through his high school graduation gifts — microwave for his dorm room, money from his aunts and uncles, a new computer. But the strangest item he received was an alarm clock from someone named “Uncle Victor.” He didn’t know of an Uncle Victor, but wasn’t too surprised, his parents were both Catholic, after all, and he had a bigger extended family than he knew what to do with. The alarm clock was strange in that it was counting backwards from 24 hours. He spent a little while trying to figure out how to set it properly, but there were no buttons or dials, not even any batteries, so he set it on his bedside table and forgot about it. 

The next day James was again in his room searching through Facebook for his new college roommates, when he heard a sudden buzzing from his bedside table. He turned towards the clock, but as his eyes made contact with the clock he felt a sudden jolt. There was a temporary pain throughout his body, and a blinding white light that made him shield his eyes. When he opened them again he was walking through a tunnel he knew well. It was Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland. He had been to games here with his Dad when he was younger. As jarring as the sudden supernatural change of scenery was, it didn’t take long for him to figure out who he was. For a brief time he was able to experience the power, vision, tenacity of his generation’s greatest basketball player. During a time out after a particularly vicious dunk, James muttered to himself, “Holy shit. I’m really Lebron, the best basketball player in the world.” A flash of light, a brief moment of pain, and he was back in his bedroom. This time the clock read 365 days.

It had been a wild 10 years. Every year James had been given the chance to try out a new extraordinary person’s life out. He occasionally lingered a little longer if he particularly enjoyed the life he inhabited. He spent 2 weeks at NASA because of his love of science. A month as the best table tennis player because he had always wanted to spend time in China. Other times he wanted out as quickly as he could. The worlds fastest stenographer was only interesting for a few hours. When he wanted out he always knew what to do, and what to say. The key was to announce to himself that he was “the greatest” or “the best” of something.

This time was different. What was he the greatest at?

8 months. James knew he was racing against the clock. Every day he debated going to a doctor to try to save the body that was holding him prisoner. But he was convinced he could find the solution before this cancer, or whatever he was suffering from, took his life. He wasn’t even 30 yet and certainly not ready to die. He knew he would find the answer.

------

James walked up the familiar creaking steps and gave an exaggerated knock on the door. There was no answer, not that he had expected one. He lifted the flower pot on the window sill to retrieve the key. A quick turn with his youthful hands yielded a familiar clack and strong odor of cigars. There was something a little more offensive in the air. The acrid scent of death. 

Without bothering to move past the entry way he lifted the phone receiver and dialed 9-1-1. 

“I’ve just discovered my- my Uncle Victor, I think he’s ill. Oh God I think he’s dead. Please send an ambulance. 23 Cedar Drive.”

He put down the receiver and turned his attention to the bedroom down the hall. He casually stepped over the lifeless body on the floor, bent down and retrieved a dusty shoebox from under the bed. “I’ll be needing you in about 50 years,” he said as he placed the alarm clock in the old box and carefully tucked it away. 

James approached the bureau and pulled a box of cigars out of the top drawer — his favorites. He grinned at himself in the mirror, examining the smoothness of his visage like a work of art.

“Victor, my old man, you’ve done it again.” He took a pause to sniff of one of the cigars. “You truly are the consummate survivor.” 