            “So what’s the deal with the giant penguin?”

            I felt my heart palpitate like an attack. My fork fell to the plate loudly, but I didn’t look around. Only at her.

            “You can see the penguin,” I said furtively, convinced I must have misheard her.

            “Definitely. Where’d you get it? Him? Her?”

            “I-I don’t know. The sex, I mean, if it has one. I don’t know…where it came from either. It’s just always been there.”

            “Always?”

            “Since as far back as I can remember anyways.”

            “So before college?”

            “Definitely before now. Literally as far back as I can think.”

            “Huh,” she said in a tone I didn’t feel was appropriate to the way I was feeling. My palms were sweating and I was having trouble catching my breath.

            “You can seriously fucking see it?”

            “Absolutely. It’s definitely not a penguin though, I’ll tell you that.”

            “What?” I mean, obviously, but what did she know about it?

            “Yea, it’s beak is doing something weird.” She fixed me with a look that was dead serious. “You don’t fuck around with psychedelics do you?”

            “Oh god no, what do you think that thing might do if I was fucked up?”

            She nodded. “Then this will be a long story,” and she smiled winningly. “Let’s finish our meal and talk about it at my place.”

            This was just about too much for me, but she had driven us so I didn’t bolt. I did my best to keep the evening going. Luckily, the penguin always stood behind me, so I was able to put it out of my mind most times. That’s why I put my bed in the middle of the floor and never stood too close to a wall.

            We finished our food and split the bill. I got in the car and we both waited for the penguin to get in the back seat.

            “So…what’s this story,” I asked as we got on the highway out of downtown.”

            “How much do you know about LSD?”

            About as much as you could know without trying it. I looked into everything when I moved to Tulsa, but none of it sounded like it would cure hallucinations, just make them worse.”

            “That’s for sure. Good call on your part, a lot of guys I know would have taken the leap anyways. You’re a smart cookie.” She patted me on the knee and gave me another smile. “I won’t pretend to be the expert, but I’m as close as you’ll get. You’re familiar with the ‘one-tab-is-100-micros’ expression? If that’s true, I’ve done at least five grams or more.”

            If I’d had water I would have spit-taken. “Five GRAMS. No fucking way, that would…I don’t even know what that would do!”

            “That was the allure. No one besides the one’s that did it would know, and they’re pretty few and far between. Even people that have taken the dose would only be able to speak to their personal experiences. It was a fascinating concept I’d always wanted to try out. Whoops, grab hold.” She clutched my hand and turned right, hard, cutting over two lanes of traffic to an exist. “Sorry, I get hella distracted when I talk.” She kept a hold of my hand.

            I swallowed, hard. “Maybe j-just some music till we get to your place then.”

            “Sure!” She took her free hand off the wheel and switched the radio to XM 31, Tom Petty Radio. I relaxed a fraction and bobbed along to “Yer so Bad”

            We got to her house without anymore maneuvers like that, and she showed me in. It was pretty damn nice for a grad student, and apparently the penguin thought so too.

            It made some kind of yipping sound, more like a dog’s than a penguins? And it ran for a cabinet next to the couch.

            “Hey!”

            It’s head went through the door and there was a clacking, smacking sound.

            “It totally just ate my acid.” She cracked up laughing and sat on the couch, inches from the headless penguin bent in her cabinet, patting the seat next to her.

            “That was weird…it doesn’t eat anything.”

            “Shhh, story time,” she said “While I was out of my fucking mind, I met a couple of things, and they came back with me. They’re actually here right now, say hi!”

            I looked around the living room, but aside from the six foot tall penguin nothing was out fo the ordinary.

            “If it wasn’t for him,” I said, “I’d think you were crazy.”

            She laughed and kissed me on the cheek. “You wouldn’t be the first. They are here though. Dana looks like a tiger with blue and orange stripes. Tyler looks like a baboon with chicken legs, and Shawna mostly looks like an octopus.”

            “Okay…so why did they come with you? And where did they come from?”

            “We get along well. Trust me, they weren’t the first I met, I was up there for a few days.”

            “Up where?”

            “Well, up being a relative term. Here’s the conclusion I’ve come to. The way our brains are wired, we can only perceive this world. But there’s others existing on top of it. Probably billions, or maybe just the one, who knows? When you take LSD, or any other psychedelic, it remaps your brain for just a little while so that you can see what else is out there. That’s how I met these guys. I don’t know why they decided to come stay with me, they probably hadn’t met a human who could talk with them before. But it’s not a question of coming ‘back’ with me. They’ve always been here, I just didn’t know.”

            “Why can you still see them if you’re not tripping?”

            She blushed a little. “The same reason you can see the penguin; because my brain’s fucked up. You just happened to be born with it.”

            The floored me. “You took so much LSD you know how the same kind of fucking brain damage I do?”

            “Is it reeeeeeeally brain damage, though? You’re fine, you just see a penguin from another dimension. I am also fine, I just see a couple of other creatures from that dimension. What’s the big deal?”

            “So…you’re saying I’m not fucked up?”

            “Hey, if Roy Moore can hold office how bad can you be?”

            “Who’s Roy Moore?”

            “A guy who doesn’t see penguins, so they voted for him. I promise you’re not crazy, you can just think in ways everyone else can’t.”

            “Everyone...except you.”

            She beamed at me and moved closer. “That’s right, except for me.”

            I finally smiled back. 