Ms.Brackwater was an anxious but kind woman who was always clean and well put together, except for her fingers. Her fingers were always ink stained. Some of the more bookish kids at school said she could find any book, that she never failed to return with the book in question. From my own experiences, that seemed about correct, but logic suggested that was untrue. My older brother wanted to test that rumor. More accurately, he wanted me to test that rumor.

“Come on Gina,” he’d said, “she likes you, she trusts you. You’re not a troublemaker.”

“It’s stupid. Why would I ask for a book that doesn’t exist?”

“You wanna sit with us at lunch don’t you?” he asked.

I knew where he was going with that line. Weyland had an inane lunch table policy which involved signing up to sit at certain tables. It was the start of the year, not far into the two-week grace period before table signup, but I hadn’t made any friends in my lunch hour yet. All of my friends from the previous year seemed to be either in the earlier lunch period or the later period, not in my hour. The thought of sitting alone or with strangers was even less appealing than sitting with Charlie and his friends.

“If I do this,” I started, “I can sit with you?”

“Yeah.”

“Promise?”

“Yeah, of course. Just this one thing.”

“Okay… I guess.”

I sighed and pushed open the door to the library. My book bag was heavy with textbooks. The manga and comic book section was my preferred hunting ground and I lingered there, looking over the volumes, as I waited for Ms.Brackwater to finish up with another student. I grabbed a couple volumes of Inuyasha and headed up to the counter, my student id in hand.

“Good morning Regina,” Ms.Brackwater began, “Do you have any books to return today? Did you find everything okay?”

“No… Maybe this afternoon, I’m almost done with Frankenstein. Um… I was wondering…”

“Yes?”

“I was wondering… I mean, I couldn’t find it, but, does the library have a copy of the Necronomicon? I heard about it and it sounded interesting, but… yeah.”

“Oh,” she started, a soft smile on her features, “wait here.”

She left the desk and headed into the backrooms. Through the glass door of the library I could see my brother smiling and giving me a thumbs up. My face flushed. It was stupid, the prank was stupid. I chewed my cheek and grabbed my things from the counter. Time passed slowly. What was taking so long? The backrooms weren’t that big, at least, I didn’t think they were. Three minutes passed, four, five. I fidgeted and my brother entered the library.

“Did you ask her?” he asked.

“Yeah.”

“She’s looking for it?”

“Yeah…”

“Good job Gina, just wait until I tell the guys ab–”

My brother went silent as Ms.Brackwater appeared behind the counter again. Her neat bun had become loose and flyaway locks were abound, her face was flush, and the smell of burnt hair filled the air. I don’t know how we didn’t notice her approach. She set a small, heavy book down on the counter, scanned it, and pushed it forward. She smirked.

“Due back in three weeks,” she said.

My brother and I were gobsmacked.

“Thanks Ms.Brackwater…”

“You’re welcome Regina.”

My brother and I started from the library.

“Oh, Regina!” she called.

“Yeah?”

“The anime club is starting up again next week Tuesday if you’re interested. We’ll be meeting here after school: three to four o’clock, just like last year.”

“Oh, okay, thanks Ms.Brackwater.”

My brother elbowed me as we left. Outside of the library we looked at the book she’d given me. It didn’t look like the Necronomicon or even *a* Necronomicon. At least, not like I’ve heard people describe it. It looked like a journal. The leather cover was extremely soft, of a faded gold color, and it wrapped around to cover the length of the pages. The top and bottom was frayed, the cover heavily embossed. It was kept closed by a small lock. My brother scoffed at it.

“That’s not the Necronomicon, it’s just some old journal. I was right,” he said as he shouldered past me.

“I still get to sit with you at lunch yeah?” I asked.

“Yeah, whatever.”

He waved and walked away, leaving me with the journal. My stomach rolled. It burned in my arms. A part of me wanted to put the book into the return bin and forget about it. For the time being I put it in my bag and tried to forget about it as I headed to class. The nausea remained.

School passed in an anxious blur as I thought about the journal in my bag. After school my brother and I walked home together. He talked with one of his friends the entire time but it was all I could do to keep walking. I wanted to open the journal. I wanted to know what Ms.Brackwater had given me.

We arrived home and I headed up into my room. I opened the curtains, put up the blinds, and turned on the reading lights by my bed. I pulled the journal from my bag and turned it over in my hands. I’d never felt leather that soft before. My observations that morning had been correct, there was no title. I just held it for a few more minutes, staring at it. The lock didn’t seem right. I pressed a finger to it, hissing and pulling away as the metal bit into my finger, and watched as the clasp opened. The book seemed to breathe. The overhanging leather slowly peeled itself back.

I opened the cover and I saw. I saw. *I saw.*

And I closed the book and it locked itself again. It was dark out. Hours had passed. My mother was knocking on my door and telling me to come down for dinner, and I did.

After dinner I tried to open it again, to see again, and I jammed my finger into the lock to open it but the lock refused. I looked at my hand and noticed that my index finger had taken on a blackened appearance. Like it had been stained with ink.