   It was a lovely morning, one perfect for a ride. So you put on you leathers and dusted off your Triumph Speed Triple and within minutes you're barreling down the road enjoying the music pumping through your built in helmet speakers. You almost didn't see the little guy and to be honest it would've been in your best interest to have not seen him, but you did and you swerved to avoid him. You swerved harder than you should have and  ended up taking quite the fall. You were laid up in the hospital for three weeks recovering and came out of it with a broken arm and several cracked ribs; not to mention your beautiful bike was totaled, something that saddened you more than the broken bones. See what happens when you try and care about something small it only ends up biting you in the ass.

A few weeks later you are invited out with a few friends to a bar, normally you aren't one given to drink but your life hasn't been great since the accident, to be honest it's been the pits really. So you need this and your friends know it. Jack your best friend since the third grade and the best man at you wedding conspires with you wife Ellie to get you to the Silver Spur the bar where your final friend Brian is waiting there with stiff drinks in both hands, hoping to get you to drink a bit of the sadness away. 

Things got cocked up right off the bat; Patty, one of the Spurs' regulars, has decided that he doesn't want to leave the bar. Apparently the decision to close down the bar early because of you didn't sit well with him and he decided that nothing short of the police was going to unseat him. So you have the pleasure of drinking in a closed bar with all your friends and extra people you love and one loud, uninvited, surly, cantankerous patron.

You try to have fun and ignore Patty, but the jackass makes it painfully clear that if you're not talking to him that he'll make it his business to disrupt yours. So you try and pay nice and buy him a few drinks hoping that you can get him drunk enough so he can pass out or so that you guys can have the pleasure of throwing him out yourself. He doesn't comply and worst still the alcohol only makes him meaner. 

.What you don't see and have failed to see every day since you crashed you bike was a grateful squirrel shadowing you looking for a way to pay you back for risking you life to spare his. His code requires him to save you life but in his better judgement he understands that this night is necessary to making you happy and that some things are more important than just surviving. While you and your friends are feeding the drunken troll he's opening the door and tripping up the delivery boy at the Hong Kong Palace next door, this delivery being particularly greasy as it crashes to the pavement in front of the Spur. The delivery boy is too concerned about his uncle's chastisement to remember to clean up after his spill and hurries back to the shop to receive the harsh punishment that awaits him.

By now your conversation with Patty has turned into a full blown argument and he's pretty much lapping it up. Your squirrelly vassal ducks out to grab a helmet made out of a hollowed-out burr and mail made of pine needles. He scampers up the wall until he's above Patty and before he disengages he salutes you, then like a ticking grenade he drops right into Patty's shirt, cutting, irritating and biting all the way down. Patty jumped up, instantly more concerned with the pain twisting its way down his shirt and began stumbling first back towards the wall and then in the opposite direction that the squirrel attacked him in.

Unsurprisingly no one moved to help Patty as he screamed out first in frustration, then out of pain, stumbling out of the bar. His foot hit the greasy mess that the delivery boy forgot to clean up and with that Patty went flying into oncoming traffic, just as his assailant cleared the bottom of his t-shirt. While you were in reality drunk, you weren't that drunk and the strangeness of what just transpired wasn't lost on you. The situation threatened to be funny until Patty got smacked by an SUV, then it was hilarious. Momentarily the human impulse of "I shouldn't laugh at this." popped up. That small voice was brutally silenced as Patty began swearing bloody murder at you, the driver, the squirrel, everyone. Anything more than that was undecipherable as shock wore off and Patty realized that his pelvis had been shattered. 

Brian merely lifted the divider up and walked to closing the door, but you see something and rush to stop him. The squirrel is waiting out in front of the door, still dressed in his battle raiments, sitting on his haunches. As you approach he raises a paw to his head, a salute if you've ever seen one. Brian has a bit of a laugh as he sees both you and your little soldier. Drunk as you are, you're not stupid and you can see that he's waiting. Standing up as straight as possible, you solemnly and gracefully return the salute, holding until he cuts. 

When you move to turn away the squirrel moves to your front, scanning for threats, in the same way, that a hunter does. This action is incredibly cute to many of the onlookers in the bar and well, you owe him one. Shrugging your shoulders, you lift the squirrel to the bar countertop and order some unsalted nuts for your subordinate. Water is also brought for him, and even though he might not be able to consume it, a shot of whiskey is purchased for the squirrel. Looking right into his black eyes you raise your glass and utter "Salud." He squeaks with his paw clutching a walnut. After that, you can't really remember much more of the night; on the wall, however, there is a photo of that night. One that includes you and a squirrel during various phases of the night. Most of the incriminating ones have been removed from circulation by a tiny thief, but one is allowed. The one that shows a man and a squirrel sharing a drink and the quiet yet crazy night that followed. 

