"You again" She said the woman I had never seen before in our usual greeting. She was older then, of course, but I couldn't have known at the time since, from my perspective, this was our first meeting. My name is Adrian VanVoght -or at least, it was at the time. Things have a way of changing over time, no matter how desperately one might want them to stay the same. It's funny now, to look back on those early days. From my end anyway. She went on to tell me that her name was Margaret and that we had met before, or rather, would meet again. I admit, it was a startling proposition, but I decided I would entertain this possible madwoman as at the very least, her presence made my day that much more interesting. 

When you've been alive as long as I have, and seen the things I have seen, one quite quickly grows bored, even with the things everyone else seems so excited about. Rare events like meteor shower and, more recently, shuttle launches barely stir the hearts of even the short-timers, (as I call them) let alone a being like myself. I have meditated on my existence, and watched nations and empires rise and fall. I have watched a mighty oak grow from an acorn, be felled and replaced by more acorns and oaks, and so on. Such it was with most of humanity that I removed myself further and further to more remote climes, but always I was followed. Hounded by the dogged pursuit of all humanity in their teeming, un-understanding throngs. 

Except Margaret.

She was a scientist, as I eventually learned. One from so much further in the future from our first meeting that I could scarcely conceive of it. A strange, bizarre world that boggled my mind. Of course, I didn't truly believe her tale until she produced items from her time; automatic translators that fit in the ear, to enable her to converse with anyone, a tiny box containing an orchestra that could strike up music such as I had never heard, at her whim, and other items that to her, seemed as pedestrian as my harpist, yet to me were like unto a kind of magic. She was quick to dispel that particular notion, however.

Of course, I was rapt! I hung on her every word as she described to me (for the umpteenth time, from her perspective) all the technological wonders of her time, and yet the extreme despair and isolation that her people felt. It all sounded wondrous and fascinating. I could hardly wait to see it. Conversely, she was fascinated to know all I had seen and done. Though I have been around for a very long time now, those early centuries are fairly hazy, and so much political and geographical change has occurred since then, it is difficult to say with any accuracy where I was, or whom I was with. I told her what I recalled of hunting, first on foot, chasing prey for days until it finally keels over, and then, eventually, fire, spears, and hunting bigger, more dangerous animals.

It had been a long time since those days, and I found that I didn't enjoy recalling them much. Life -for all but me, of course- had been nasty, brutish and short then, so much moreso than now. I much preferred to regale her with tales from my time in Italy during the Renaissance. I'm afraid I might have disillusioned her a bit, but as a scientist, she assured me that was an occupational hazard. That first week we spent together, we must have talked all night, every night. Sitting by the fire, sipping wine, I had no idea how she had found me, and she seemed rather recalcitrant to inform me of anything else, lest I "endanger the fabric of space/time by creating a predestination paradox". Begrudgingly, I accepted this answer, though privately, my curiosity only grew.

After that week, I didn't see her again for fourteen years. Being bored, I had emigrated to the new world and found myself already tired of the cities when she reappeared, she looked younger, and was decidedly more energetic. It was one of the happier times of my life. On a whim, we boarded a train for the frontier. Three days later, we were in Colorado, making love under the moonit peaks of the rockies. Two days later, she disappeared again.

It was almost one hundred and seventy-five years until I saw her again. In all that time, I had not forgotten her, and the small article of clothing she left behind had become one of my most prized possessions. It hung in my private gallery in San Francisco, in a tasteful archival-quality frame. I had made a killing in real estate once the gold market collapsed, and was doing quite well for myself. She was closer to middle-aged this time, but still had a spark of that firey vivaciousness I recalled from our last meeting. We danced until dawn, when something beeped frantically on her arm, and she said she had to go. I pleaded with her to stay, but she told me it was of the utmost urgency, and I could do nothing but relent.

And so it went, for the next several hundred years. We would periodically meet, Margaret infrequently the same age as I last saw her, each time, catching each other up or leaving each other in the dark, as the situation dictated. It was a little awkward, but I realized I was growing quite fond of Margaret, from any and all eras. Eventually, at middle-age, she confided in me that she had felt the same way since she was younger. I proposed on the spot, and she accepted.

It wasn't until recently though that I realized why she had been so adamant about keeping all details of the future occluded from me. 

You see, today is the day that my wife will be born.