"Overpopulation: A big problem!", it's written in a big bulky font, decorating the front page of the daily newspaper. I look down. My eyes take a swift glance accross the text. The page is mainly about China and other asian countries, as they are filled up to the rim with people, also called the "Homo Sapiens". Oh the irony... But well at least my job is done here, as is the job  of all the rest of my kind. Once were we sent here to keep this utterly peculiar species alive or more precisely, to bring them back alive when things went south. We were the safety net that humanity could fall back on if something would go wrong. And it did many times. We  brought them through the ice age, through the ages of the black death, through World War I & II as well as many other rather unpleasant times. 

&#x200B;

In today's modern age we would probably be their equivalent to "necromancers", magical people who could summon the dead and make them be alive again. In fact we were already there before men, with the primary mission being to keep plants as well as other organisms alive as best as we could and so we did until...well until "player 3 " entered the game, as today's young generation of homo sapiens would formulate it. We had no other choice as to adapt ourselves, changing our appearances from floating hulls to a solid body, resembling the ones of the men. After all, we did not want to frighten our new guests and so we lived together since, happily and unnoticed. One good (or bad, depending on the perspective) aspect given to us was immortality, obviously. It would not make much sense to send us to this rock, just to have us dying after a measly 100 years. And thus we regularly had depart from our society (every 100 years), with the reason being to find berries, to get some wood or to set foot into the yet undiscovered ocean, and to never return. Of course some of us did not, blowing our cover which inevetibly ended with people creating the first thoughts of "immortality". Others were not afraid to show their powers, letting deceased relatives rise again infront of family members, again blowing our covers regarding the ability to reanimate dead biomatter and leading to the word "Necromancer". Some of our kind even believe that we are the reason religions exist, as some of us certainly used their immortality to appear as god-like creatures.

As I am finishing with the news, I get a call. It's from my working phone. I look at the clock, 9 a.m. " Why so soon? Don't they usually sleep or be at work at this time around?" I say out loud. "Good morning sir, this is Micheal Hayes' gardenening service! How can I help you?" I ask, trying to sound friendly. After all I did not have a single second of sleep for the last 3.5 billion years. " Yes hello erhm, this' Opus Patrick Cooper, well I have a big tree in my garden and I think that  wood's soon gonna bite the dust, you know? I live in my grandpas house and that tree's basically a family heirloom and I really don't want it to die on me, you understand?", well apparently there are people who still love nature. 

"Okay Orest-", 

"It's Opus, Opus Patrick Cooper mate, just call me OP for short. I know, my parents are a bit weird concerning names.."

"Okay OP, do you know the specific type of tree it is ? I ask this as a means to prepare myself on the case. Different trees, different procedures."

"Oh erhm yes, well I don't know the type of tree for sure but my grandpa always told me that tree was a-...hmm, wait gimme a second mate.-"

"Sure take your time, I have enough of it." 

"Bingo! I remember, he always told me that tree was a Treant!"

A cold shiver is sent down my spine. I can not quite believe it.... I can not believe the fact that I am on this world for as long as 3.5 billion years. A span of time more long than the human mind can possibly comprehend. A span of time in which I consumed millions of books, learned every language, every single word ever created by a human brain and yet I only have this one question floating inside my empty hull now:

"OP, what the fuck is a Treant?"

&#x200B;

\-This is my first ever prompt :)-

&#x200B;

&#x200B;