I took a few tentative steps forward, hesitated then walked to the center of the room. Opposite me was my other self and he was doing the same except he didn't hesitate. Not even for a moment. I was expecting a number of people to be in this room with me, there was no end to the people I've hurt throughout my life but seeing him there was not only confusing it was unnerving. I could have dealt with anyone but him. 

"Well hello there!" His smile was wide and genuine, every one of his attractive features said that he was actually happy to see me. I wasn't fooled for a moment. The anger on my face was as real as the happiness on his was fake. "You shouldn't be here. Where is Mary? Where is Jason? Taylor? Rebecca? Diane? Megan? Why the fuck are you here?!" 

"Because I'm the one you hurt the most." His grin had never even faltered.

"Bullshit."

"Now come on. For someone who has always prided himself on being 'blunt'" he even made the air quotes. "You should know I'm not lying."

"Bullshit! Someone's playing a damn prank on me! It can't be you! We caused the fucking pain, not the other way around!" I had started yelling, my eyes were watering but I refused to let him see me cry. I hadn't cried since I was twelve.

"Do you really think those fools you listed off should be here? Any one of them? Mary was a psycho. Jason was on drugs. Megan was a slut. 

But you. You and me are perfect, aren't we? Did you ask yourself why I'm here yet or are you too blinded by your own emotions to make a simple decision like that?"

I had been thinking about it. But the only reasons I could come up with didn't make sense. "I'm not just you. I'm everything you could have been. You denied me my existence. You hurt yourself the most because you could have been so much more than a man who sits in a cubicle. Yet you chose that life. You chose to fall into debt. You chose to deny who you truly are. Who we are."

I raised an eyebrow. His grin only widened. "Do you remember the night we killed Mary? Such a sweet girl." 

Of course I remembered. How could I forget? The text message sent in the middle of the night. Heading to her home. Lying to her parents. Finding her in the bloody bathtub. Feeling satisfied at the sight. I dug my nails into my palm at the thought. "You have no right to talk about her. She loved us."

He wagged a finger in my direction. If he had been close enough I would have struck him. "No, no. She loved me. And you loved what we had done to her. She was nothing more than an experiment. A test to see just how far and deep our control could go. Jason." 

An icy hand gripped my chest and squeezed. "Stop."

"Jason the loving friend. So quick to spend money on others just to see them smile."

"Shut up."

"Our second experiment. We drove him into depression by making his wife fall in love with us. He started to need medication and we supplied it. He trusted us an awful lot didn't he?"

His body hadn't been discovered for three days. "I said shut up." My voice was quiet, cracking. Tears threatened to overflow but I held them back purely out of reflex. But he wasn't going to stop, he was in the flow of things now.

"Megan. Our perfect little slut. Managed to get rid of Taylor rather well. She's still in jail isn't she? Thinking you'll come save her." 

My mouth had gone dry. I visited her weekly. She still looked at me like I was perfect. "We are perfect. I am perfect and you turned away from me. We could have ruled. We could have used our influence to never want for anything. Women that flocked to us. Money to make annoyances disappear. Power to make people disappear. Fame. You threw it all away." His expression twisted into a disgusted sneer, like he had smelled something particularly rancid.

I could have fought anyone but him. Denied anything. Sworn that I had done the right thing. But he was me. He only told the truth and I couldn't deny any of it. I collapsed to my knees, keeping my back straight to look at him. Every moment was pain. Every second spent reliving the memories that haunted my nightmares for decades. 

"We were monsters." It came out as a whisper but I knew he heard me. "Monsters are what idiots call people who succeed. But you suddenly thought we were doing something wrong rather than what it takes to make it in this world. Fuck everyone else! All we needed was you and me! You accomplished nothing but sitting on your ass and moping about! I would have been Governor!" 

It was his turn to start screaming and I didn't flinch at all. I deserved this. I was a failure. I had hurt people who cared about me. Killed those who had gotten in my way. Toyed with countless hearts. The black hole that sucked away happiness whenever I gained it threatened to swallow me whole. I was a monster.

Was.

I slowly stood up amid his yelling, I had stopped paying attention to the words now and I put on the same practiced smile I had known for so many years. He was faltering, wondering why I was standing, why his words weren't having the same impact from before. His voice was hoarse now and his face had reddened from exertion. His glare was accusing. "We are monsters."

I started walking towards him. "I was a monster." There was no point in arguing. He only told truths.  "But I changed. I didn't want to hurt people. I didn't want to be like our stepmother. I didn't want to see another body." He was shuffling backwards slowly, too slowly. "People should suffer so we can succeed!"

I didn't listen. "Twenty long years. Megan will have her bail posted next week."

"Fuck you."

"Twenty long years of holding myself back. I paid for college for Matt. I coached Lily through her drug addiction therapy. I pushed Ryan to drink only in moderation. He has a family now."

"You did nothing! You will be forgotten!"

I reached him and did the only thing that felt right. I hugged him. I held him as tight to me as I could without hurting him. He was right. I had hurt him the most. But he wasn't my failed ambition. He was the nagging voice in the back of my head that had haunted me for the rest of my life. Had I really changed? Can I be good after hurting so many?

He struggled against me. "Diane will see her kids this month." I couldn't right all the wrongs I had done. There was simply too many. "Taylor's family no longer has a mortgage to pay." But I had tried. Every day I tried so hard. "Rebecca isn't depressed as often anymore, she coaches others on how to get through it." His struggles had ceased and he was limp in my arms.

His shoulders started shaking and I felt my shirt start to get wet. "Tara is getting published. We funded Renee and Lizz's dream wedding. People are happy. Genuinely happy because of us." His hands gripped my arms tight and I held him just as tight in return. His voice came out in a hoarse whisper. "Do you think they'll forgive us?"

"Yes."

"I'm sorry."

"Me too." For the first time since I was twelve I started crying. It felt good. 