Luke woke up quickly, sick to his stomach and pouring sweat yet again. 

That’s the problem with living hundreds, or thousands, or tens of thousands...or whatever amount of years. You forget most things. Sometimes, though, the dreams haunt you. Incredible dreams of memories that you’re not sure actually happened. They seem real enough but too fantastic to have happened. It was a near nightly event for Luke. 

It usually just took a minute. Yes, just a minute to get over the wretched feeling from a dream that could’ve happened Eons ago. Then he was up and out of bed. All this time. All this opportunity, yet Luke was a creature of habit. 

Wake up.
Brush his teeth. 
Take a jog. 
Try to find a job. 

This morning felt a little different as his feet hit the ground. The wood was cold. Colder than he was used to. 

He had a slight cough. That was unusual. 

His bones ached. Strange. 

He could hear his heart beat. He didn’t like it. 

He casually walked over to the mirror as he usually did, but it took longer to walk the 14 steps to get there. His hands dropped to the sink and he leaned over, another quick cough escaping. A quick peak in the mirror revealed he wasn’t looking at the same man as yesterday. He didn’t look different, he just didn’t recognize himself. 

“What’s this?” 

He pulled on the front of his hair. Just a small tug. A grey...maybe white hair fell forward onto his forward. An unusual change from his normal rustic brown hair. 

“That’s unusual,” he stated out loud, “thanks for that.”

Luke often talked out loud to nobody. It made people fairly uncomfortable. None more than himself who had done this all of his life and had a reason many many ages ago but had since forgotten. 

He had forgotten everything. Almost. He remembered yesterday. He remembered the day before. But go back maybe a lifetime and it was a blur. 

Why did he live this long? He didn’t know. 

Did he actually live this long? Only old photos and notes to himself verified this. 

He sat down casually on his bed again, tired but unimpressed with the sudden change to his body and mood and picked up a hand written book, started in languages that weren’t used anymore but for some reason he understood fluently. He read the last few pages in it before picking up a pen and hitting down just a few more notes. 

He closed the book, wiping his eyes for a moment and then dropping his hands to the cover. He traced the lettering on the front. Lettering of a language so old he didn’t know what to call it, but he knew what it said. 

“The Life and Accounts of Lucifer, After the Fall”