Well, shit.

It was bound to happen eventually. The trouble with immortality is that everyone else ends up dying at some point, I was just hoping for a few more years. The warden and I had our arrangement; In exchange for a regular, generous 'donation', he would keep me in solitary. He would keep my cell fairly well furnished, and deliver my meals and whatever I requested *personally*. It had been a good deal for nearly thirty years.

Of course, when we'd started I tried to get his head prison officer in on the deal, but there's always one that gets greedy. It's always the same, "More money or I out you" or "Make me immortal too". When they found the officers body dead in his home with my prints littering the scene, I think the warden got the message. Probably could have talked him into accepting less if I wanted. What were they going to do, add another life sentence to my charge? I was already serving seventeen.

But now the warden was dead and it looked like I would need to either make another deal or leave. If I left, I'd need to find somewhere quiet again and another killing spree was out. Not because I'd developed a conscience or anything, they were going to die anyway. Killing them was no worse than intentionally stepping on an ant. Sure, they would have lived longer if I didn't, but ultimately what did it matter? Dead's dead, no matter when it happens. They certainly weren't around to care anymore.

No, the problem was that the geniuses had to go ahead and perfect long term data storage. My prints were probably going to be on file for centuries, or at least until they got into a major war or something. A serial killer form thirty years ago escapes, kills again, gets caught and is revealed to be the same age he was? Too much hassle. I could probably weigh myself down with rocks and stay submerged in the ocean for a few decades, but the boredom would get me worse down there. electronics and books only last so long underwater. Maybe I could live in a cave again for a while until people forgot my face, but there's still the matter of the electronic records.

Fuck it. Looks like I'm making a break. I wonder how long it'll take me to learn programming.