A mindless game is all, just a harmless prank. I grew bored of my useless superpower, the power of tapping someones shoulder to make them turn their head that direction.

At first I found it amusing but then it grew old very fast. I began to make more elaborate tricks, such as tapping the opposite shoulders of two men and making them argue over who tapped who. It really was stupid and I knew that. 

As my tricks got more elaborate, my need for amusement grew to a higher standard. New ideas popped into my head that made gave me a good laugh for awhile. 

One day I had the genius idea of tapping both shoulders at once. It was so simple yet I had not thought of it before! I was so eager to test it that I hurled myself out the door and walked up behind the nearest person to me. 

It was a portly old woman, Mrs. Crum, who often complained about the streets being too noisy past midnight. I placed my pointer fingers on both of her shoulders. Instead of hilarity ensuing, nothing at all happened.

Mrs. Crum turned around to face me. She glared up at me, being much shorter than I. "Feeling me up are you?" She asked, clearly ticked off. I tried to abort the situation as fast as possible. "Haha, certainly not. I simply tripped over a pebble and needed to regain balance." I responded. Mrs. Crum did not seem content with this answer and continued to speak. "And some... somehow, a fee-feeble old woman is suppooosseedd toooo... suppoosseedd tooo..." as she spoke, her speech began to slur and she struggled to regain balance.

I dove to catch her as she fell and she landed in my arms. "Mrs. Crum! Are you alright!" I knew now that I had done much more than "nothing." As I pulled out my phone to call for an ambulance, I heard a sucking noise and turned to look at Mrs. Crum. Her face was contorting in impossible ways, blood pouring out of her misshapen eyes and mouth. Her skin was peeled off of her head, as if by nothing. And in an instant, a violent bang rang out in the neighborhood, echoing against the houses. 

I looked up, frantically, too see if anyone had heard but it seemed nobody had. I glanced once more down into my hands where Mrs. Crum lay. But instead of finding Mrs. Crum, I found a pile of soot and dust. 

I stood, frozen in fear of what I had just done. I did not scream, knowing it would alert the neighbors. Instead I forced myself up and brushed off the soot that once was a person. A person with a family, and a life of her own. A life that I had just crushed into ash with my harmless pranks. 

I ran into my house and began to vomit, violently into the toilet bowl. I felt more scared of myself than any law enforcement action. 

At some point during my mourning (if you could call it that) I came to a realization. What I had been feeling was not guilt or sadness, but a suppressed excitement. I was not scared of what I had done, I was buzzing with energy. It felt almost... pleasant. 

                                           ~

I could not sleep, but not out of grief, no. I could not sleep because I was too busy thinking about what this could mean. I must be able to accomplish other things with this power. 

At the first sight of daylight, I arose and went out into the town of Tumberville. It was a quiet town for the most part, which was good for me. I trotted along the sidewalks and picked out a person that I would spend the day following around until I eventually would put a stop to their heart. 

The man would occasionally turn his head and look back at me, not sure whether to say something to his stalker. He was a sizable man and in the end decided to confront me. After all, I was just a quiet, short, college student. 

"Would you like ter tell me whys you've been followin me around all day?" He boomed, his figure towering over mine. I was much to excited and spared no time at all; I was eager to test my theory. Instead of laying my pointer finger on him, I layed my both HANDS on his shoulders. I had never tried this before, out of fear of hurting someone.

The man violently shook, unable to speak. I ran the other direction as I watched him contort like Mrs. Crum. Another man rushed over to help him and when he made contact with the mans convulsing head, was greeted with a splatter of blood as his fingers were torn off.

My reasoning is the high speed turning of the mans atoms in his head made them vibrate uncontrollably, essentially making it deadly to anything it touches. I watched the event unfold, the man clutching his arm, soaked in blood. The first man combusted into flames, due to the high speed vibrations that generated heat, and sent flames into homes and onto people throughout the block. 

I was amazed at what power I held within the tips of my fingers. But law enforcement would be on to me and I was not strong enough to stop a bullet, not even close. I decided to do the only logical thing at the time. Go out with a bang.

I touched my own shoulders with both with both of my hands in an attempt to end my own life. My head began to vibrate, my skin began to heat up. I was being torn apart, being burned alive, and being imploded in upon myself at the same time. I waited for it all to end, but instead, the pain dulled and my vision stabilized. 

I ran to a mirror to see what horrible effects may have resulted. Instead I saw that my head was still vibrating, in fact my body was still beat red from the heat. 

I was a God. I bolted out of the alley and grabbed hold of a STOP sign. I melted it out of the Earth to fit my grip and bended it into a pipe. It began to heat up, and turned red. 

I swung the poll at passing civilians, engulfing them in flames. The town was lit ablaze, and I was unstoppable. 

