It's been a while since it happened, almost 5 months. You would think all these feelings of anger, sadness, disappointment and betrayal would, at least, lose a little intensity. If it weren't for my friends and family...I don't even want to think what would have happened.  But even they have their limits, and I can feel them getting tired of me pouring my misery over them. So I stopped. I, too, feel like a should be better by now, but I can't get over that hole in my chest whenever I think about her, actually, about her absence. I think I'm so broken that I would probably forgive everything to have her back, but I know, deep down, that's not what I should do. Every day there is a deep battle between me and myself. A part of me that puts me down, saying that I will never find another person like that again, and the other me, that keeps saying that we would be lucky if that happens. Over the past few weeks I feel like I've made some headway in this war of mine, and can start to tune down the voice of my demon that tries to put me down every chance it gets.And then...it happened.

I was taking a walk, lost in my battles and my thoughts, sometimes trying to pull myself out of it, and just think about nothing, just enjoy the silence. And then, there he was. I could see him clear as day. It was him. HIM, the reason for all my anger and misery, the person responsible for all my sorrow and lack of happiness. I looked at him. He looked at me, with that smug face. It's almost like he is taunting me. He knows what he has done, and he simply does not care. I don't know his name, I don't know much about him, only that he is the bane of my existence, the Joker to my Batman, the Lex Luthor to my Superman. I called him Cotton Eye Joe.

As I stood there, motionless, an amalgam of feelings of hate and anger came to me, I felt like I could explode right there.He did not move either, he just sat there, waiting, almost like he knew what I wanted to do to him, and didn't even care. At that moment everything was blurred out, I went into survival mode, I could only see him, nothing else mattered, it was a flight or fight response, and, believe me, I wasn't feeling the former. All my memories and fantasies came rushing into my head. I was angry. I wanted to kill him. I wanted to make him suffer. I wanted him to feel everything he has done to me and a lot more. I couldn't control myself, I made a fist and raised it. To my surprise he did the same, he wasn't fleeing, he was sure he could take me. It was like a confrontation in the old west, the only difference being that our fists were the weapon of choice. I was close to him. One well placed punch could take him down, but the same was true for him. It was decided, I couldn't back down now, he was my nemesis, I needed to see this through. I went in for the punch. So did he. The time slowed down as we both lunged at eachother...

It was inches away, I almost did it, I was so close to losing it, the battle, and with it, the war. I thought I was getting better, I thought I was starting to get over what happened to me. I guess I've made some progress, after all, I stopped. I didn't do it. I looked around me, people were watching. I let out a little sigh, and I smiled, what else could I do, after all...I almost broke a mirror in public.