The ribbon around my finger had but a hint of her rosemary perfume. A scent which kept me alive through the war. When other men had dived onto the tips of their spears and cowards leaped from cliff edge, the smell of rosemary reminded me of her. Now, skin thick with mud, frame pockmarked with scars, the sight of our village hut stirred the beat in my heart once more. I would see my loving wife, Delilah, after near four months at war. 

The door was held open in the breeze. Lamb, pumpkin soup, and garlic spice a welcoming parade. "Delilah!" 

Pots clanged from the kitchen, feet scuttled from around the corner, my wife emerged and for that moment time paused. She was tan as the Northern hills, green eyes like fresh spring grass, slender hands, and long legs, all kept together in a delicate white robe touched with rosemary. "You're back?" Delilah spat. 

Of course, I came for you. 

Maybe my presence had shocked her. She placed both hands on her plump stomach, the width of her arms and slender frame told me it wasn't the doing of tofu and grain.

"A son? When?" 

"It's not yours," she muttered, "this boy belongs to someone else." 

What?

During the war, I had thought being maimed by an enemy was the highest level of embarrassment. Turns out the woman you love can trump that with three words. "If it's not mine, whose is it?" 

Delilah stared at the floor like a toddler that had lost their favourite toy. 

"Answer me," I told her. 

Her eyes snapped to mine. "It belongs to Zeus, god of lightning, a man of real thunder, he took me to his castle in the sky and had his way with my body." 

That filthy bearded bastard. 

The scorch of the outside sun had never been so welcoming, and the clouds were now my new destination. The end of the war had been a fallacy, now the war of man versus God would begin. I searched the clouds. "I'm coming for you, lord of thunder." 

Delilah stumbled outside to stand next to me, her soft feet messed with dirt. "I'm breaking up with you, Soros. I've been trying to get this into your head for the last five years. I don't love you. Please just move on."

You're confused. 

"I'll kill Zeus and then you will love me."

Delilah slapped a hand to her forehead. "There's a lightning baby inside of me, do you not understand? Does this not make how I feel clear enough?" 

Your brain has been addled by magic, that child is mine. 

"Do not fear, my love, I will return soon and we will be together." I hiked up my spear and waterskin. The God of lightning, pssht, more like the god of cloud. My fury will evaporate his power and I will prove I am the best. 

"I. Don't. Want. To. Be. Your. Wife!" Delilah screamed from behind. 

He will pay for what he has done. Only a true coward would confuse a man's wife. I trekked across the dirt and toward the grey stone mountain in the distance --Olympus. 

---

*Check out more at /r/F0xdiary*



