After adjusting the pocket square on his lab coat, Mister Feathers looked at me the way he always does before he's about to lecture me. He's doing very little to hide his disdainful tone.

*This is what you wanted, isn't it, Edmond? The fame? The notoriety? Your face on every billboard, inside every shopping mall, on tee shirts people all over the planet wear? This is what we've always talked about.*

I slumped in my chair and ran my fingers through what remained of my hair, because if I didn't do something with my hands in that moment, I was going to strangle a talking chicken.

"No... it's what **you've** always talked about. I didn't want any of this. I didn't want to be famous. I wanted to give my work to the people. I wanted to make the world better for everyone. I wanted to make tomorrow something to look forward to. Now we're... this."

Mister Feathers gasped, then stared at me through his safety goggles and tilted his head the way chickens do when they're angry before carrying on in the same condescending tone he'd always used since I was a kid.

*Edmond, I'm crushed! I can't believe you would misinterpret all I've done for you! We've talked about this since you were six years old! Your childhood dreams are finally a reality! What's gotten into you?*

My fists hit my desk in frustration at his assertion that this is all somehow my fault.

"YOU got into me, Mister Feathers! You! You're the one who put this on me! You're the one that's made all of this possible! What, the world can accept super-science like light-speed travel and fusion, but it can't accept a talking chicken!? You burdened me with the celebrity of all of this, just because you're afraid of what will happen to you if people find out you can talk!"

Mister Feathers stood up stark, then looked around to see if anyone was nearby. He bit me with his beak and drew blood. He spoke very intently.

*We'll be out of a job if humans learn it was me that did this! Edmond, how many times have we said this? You don't tell people that I can talk, much less conceive the planet's most revelatory scientific discovery!*

There's a knock at the door.

*Edmond if you out me to humans I swear to God I'll--*

The nice orderly, Pam, walks in. She smells like warm cinnamon and calls me Eddie. Nobody has ever called me that, but I like it.

"Eddie, how's Mister Feathers today?"

I looked at Mister Feathers, then down at my hand.

"...he bit me." I started to shake with anger as I raised my hand to show Pam the wound, but she seems confused.

"Eddie, sweetie, there's no wound. Did you say Mister Feathers bit you?"

I'd had enough of Mister Feathers and this charade. I was finished being beholden to a chicken that can talk and perform science experiments. I sound crazy, but I'm not crazy.

"Yes! Yes he bit me! And you know what else!? HE CAN TALK!"

I thrust Mister Feathers out into the light coming through the door, right into Pam's face. She's still very confused.

"Eddie, we talked about this during your last therapy session with Doctor Brown. Mister Feathers isn't real. He's a stuffed animal, honey. You brought him with you after the accident, when you hit your head. Now, are you ready for your medication?"

I drew Mister Feathers back to my body. He was real. I knew he was real. He made light-speed travel and fusion. How could he not be real?

"Yes, Pam. Are the fusion generators working alright?"

Pam looked at me the way she does when I've said something that doesn't make sense to her. She laughs as she takes my hand, and puts pills in it. She ruffles my hair and watches me take the medication before she leaves, the trail of warm cinnamon following her out of the room. I look back to Mister Feathers. He's laughing.

"She thinks you're not real."

*Edmond, let's be honest. I'm as real as your shot with her.*

I smiled. "You think I have a shot with her?"