I sat alone in the courtyard, barely able to listen in on the debates. The pearly white marble building reverberating their voices. Not that I wanted to listen...

“No! My liege is to fight Princess Fedni in combat, not Prince Verlo!” Yelled a heated man. 

It had been going on for hours. Everyone wanted their prince or princess to win, but I was an exception. Too weak, too dumb, just “not enough” to be king. My brothers and sisters had already chosen their patrons, but I was left with nothing.  I couldn’t fight to save my life, and no god appeared before me.

I sighed as the blossoms of the cherry tree fell around me, not a single petal falling upon me.

I struggled to sit up. I hadn’t eaten in days, and my lips were parched. What can you do when the Neptune himself refuses to provide water to you and Demeter causes everything you touch to rot? 

Oh no, they couldn’t kill me outright... They just made my life hell so my siblings could finish me off with a flick of the wrist. Because you know, being fair. 

I continued to watch the clouds float around until the meeting was over. Though adjourned, not a single soul bothered a glance in my direction. 

I stood up, leaning on my walking stick. I took a few step before almost crashing upon the floor, until a small girl caught me in her arms.

“Wow, miss! You ain’t lookin’ too great now are ya?” She grunted, pushing my body back up. 

“N-No,” I rasped out, leaning heavily on the stick. I tried to mouth out more words, especially one of thanks, but nothing came out. 

The little girl looked me over, sizing me up. Her eyes fell on my family crest

“Say, yous one of ‘em princes’ fightin’ for the crown, ain’t cha?” She said, practically rambling. “Yer lookin’ a biiiit like a twig that’s been... hmm twiggier?”

“I’ve... been better,” I managed to say. 

“Well nows what’s now and I ain’t saying’ yous gonna be the loser, but you sure ain’t gonna be the winner,” the girl laughed. “Any who imma go get snacks ta see ya die.”

She waved enthusiastically despite her morbid parting. 

I dragged myself toward the arena, where the sound of metal clashing and roars of the crowds and beasts could be heard. 

A group of guards ushered me into the arena, owning nothing but my name, my status, and my trusty walking stick.

In front of me was my brother, twice my size, triple the threat. Not the most agile man, but certainly made up for it in strength. He was no friend of mine. 

“Ready, hungry girl? I’ve got something you can eat before we fight,” he said thrusting his hips. 

And slightly incestuous and incredible dim. I just sighed. The arena quieted as the announcer yelled into the arena. 

“In the left corner, we have Prince Typhoon, Sponsored by his honorable being, Neptune! In the right corner, we have Princess Fedni, sponsored by no one! What a match we have today!” 

The day was still young, but the lights began to dim, as dozens of great beings surrounded the arena, here to watch what their champions were to fight against next. 

“We will begin in... 3... 2... 1.... DING!”

Typhoon rushed at me, slamming the blunt side into my ribs. Raising his axe, he tried to slice off my arms, but I managed to deflect the axe with my stick.

In a moment of pure panic, I tried using the stick to jam it into his face, only to see it go right through him like a spoon in water... 

He used my moment of shock to smash me into the ground with one arm. He raised his axe and brought it down on my exposed neck. 

My head rolled off. 

I was dead. I think?

The little girl from before picked up my head. 

“Welp, missie, that didn’t take ya long now did it?” She smiled. “But hey I did see ya die so that’s a first for our relationship. Now how about I put cha back together again?”

I tried to ask what she was doing, but without a throat I couldn’t say anything. 

The crowd was cheering and chanting Typhoon.

She walked over to my body with my head and jammed the two together. 

“Now... let’s see, who ta do who ta do...” she muttered, spinning my head like a top. “Ah! I know!”

She pointed at Typhoon, and he never even knew what happened as his head slid from his neck as mine reconnected with my body. Gasps ripples throughout the crowd. 

Then it began to rain, and then a torrent of water.

And as I looked up I heard the screams from a goddess. Neptune had also been decapitated. 

I looked at the girl, and then back at the sky, and back at the girl. 

I took a deep drink of water and asked, “Still got any snacks?”