"Define... *resistance"* I asked the hooded figure, who had just appeared in my kitchen

"Well - the way dying works is that I have to sort of... take your life - " It began

"I understand dying, mate"

"And to do that, I have to cast this spell. If the spell is interrupted, then it won't work properly and we have to get - um, how do I say - aggressive. Well, that's how the boss defines resistance anyway, we've had lawyers confused for millennia about how we define it specifically." the creature explained, scratching it's hood with a cloaked arm

"So... I'm going to die?" I asked

"Yes - I mean to explain, we have protocol to go through. So, my name is Erasmus, I represent Death, and I'm here for your soul." Erasmus, while sounding polite and incredibly apologetic, remained perfectly decent given the job he had to do.

"Well you can't have it!" I responded, reaching for a kitchen knife.

Erasmus removed his hood, and his bright, polished skull gave off a little smile.

"Ah, yes, the old 'shoot the messenger' routine That won't work, I'm afraid."

I threw the knife at where the torso would have been - and I heard it hit the fridge behind.

"Hang on - wait!" I cried

"We've got all the time you need, sir, I only need to collect your soul by the end of the hour." Erasmus said - I looked at the clock: 2:46.

"Ok - what about Heaven and Hell?" I asked

"Well, there is... extra punishment, sir. Those who resist go to 'Hell', and those who accept get to go to 'Heaven'" Erasmus said, and made what I assumed was air marks with his cloaked hands

"Right. OK."

"Do I have your consent, Mr. James Delview, to remove your soul from your body in the plain and bring it with me, Erasmus, representative of Death, to-"

"Hang on a minute, mate, I've just been told I'm going to die. Give us a minute" I said, removing a hangnail with my teeth.

"You have twelve minutes, Mr Delview."

"What happens if I resist, again?"

"I use this." Erasmus' scythe-handle was held by the cloak, and the other 'hand' pointed to it.

"How, exactly?"

"With all due respect, sir, we at Death are not permitted to tell our customers about scythe usage, according to Chapter Six, Rule Fourteen, Verse Three -"

"Customer!?" I cried, interrupting again

"Well, I do get paid, sir - this is a job, after all"

"How do you apply for this job?" 

"Die."

"God, I bet you're a jobsworth. What am I go to die of?"

"Well, sir - we have ten minutes, by the way - the court of the coroner will rule the bradycardia, stemming from your diabetes, will get the better of you."

"What happens to my body?"

"It stays here."

"OK."

"Are you ready, sir?"

"I - I think so."

"Do I have your consent, Mr. James Delview, to remove your soul from your body in the Earthly plain and bring it with me, Erasmus, representative of Death, to the higher realm?"

I gave a nod, and felt a single, but somewhat courageous tear slip down my face.

Erasmus began to speak in a bizarre, alien incantation. I felt a small, warm mark in my chest, and I shut my eyes, tight. But I didn't need to. I could feel myself falling - falling fast. I expected to hit the floor, but I kept falling. I heard Erasmus' voice, keeping going. I felt warm, and comfortable, all over. And then I felt nothing.

&#x200B;

Here you are! Criticism is thanked.