The protocol was simple enough for even the least educated slave to understand. They were to wait for the master of ceremonies to declare that dinner had commenced, and for the accompanying music to play, before they strode into the great hall of the *Ignitus*. A hundred dishes, balanced on the palms of a hundred slaves, a meal fit for the gods.

Except that when it came time for them to exit, Aeliana remained in her place, no more than twenty paces away from Justus, first son of the great House Marcellus. She ignored her fellow slaves who tugged at her sleeves, and instead shooed them away. They scattered, nervously tugging at the collars around their throats.

“Master Justus,” she said. But those of House Mercellus didn’t hear her – they were too absorbed in the events beyond the plexiglass panels, those invisible barriers which separated them from the cold embrace of space. In the distance, tiny stars burned and flared in rapid succession.

“Master Justus,” she repeated, more firmly this time. “I bring urgent news. Master!”

“Hmm? Aeliana, not now, please,” said Justus. “There is a time and place for everything. We’ve travelled this far out to watch this phenomena with our own eyes, so whatever it is you’re complaining about this time, it can wait. I promise, I will listen to you later-”

“No, Master, you need to hear this now. This *very instant*.”

Her tone was more than enough for the guards nearby to rouse from their lethargy. They gripped their shock-lances and thrummed them to life. Other slaves had paid the price for far less insubordination, but even they knew that Aeliana was a favourite here, and so they waited on their master’s response. Far easier to follow a cue than to strike their own path.

“I said, later. Now is not the time.” Justus was a fair man, more patient than most, but a shadow of displeasure had manifested in a scowl on his face. “Do not try my patience, Aeliana.”

Aeliana shrugged, then flung the dish she had brought in against the far side of the great hall. The fine ceramics shattered against the plexiglass, and as pickled pork knuckles slid down, Justus, and his brothers and sisters, leapt to their feet.

“How dare you! Have you gone mad!” Justus held his bracelet up high, then said, “Are you spoiling for a beating, Aeliana? A simple press of this button, and I don’t care how well-trained you are, you will have no choice but to *submit*!”

“We have walked into a trap, master. If we do not respond now, all is lost.”

She noted, with a measure of satisfaction, the confusion which settled over them like cobwebs – too fine to grasp, too unnatural to ignore. 

“There’s no such thing as a ‘chain-link of star explosions’. That’s a lie. House Marcellus was lured out here to this unmanned sector of space for a reason.”

“Watch your tongue, Aeliana! Remember your place! I was given good intel that this once-in-a-lifetime occurrence was-”

“What those are, *master*, are warp-drive destination beacons. Your enemies are moving in on your this very second, and you don’t even know it.”

“Nonsense, again! Even if that were true, the *Ignitus* has three guard starships in close range! We are hardly at any risk here.”

Aeliana sighed. “This is a classic Drusan tactic, master. Where I come here, we like to divide our enemies, jam their communications, then pick them off one by one. And if our enemies choose to serve themselves up to us, spend their time gawking at fireworks instead of getting ready for war… well, then, so be it. But before you go any further to chastise me, please, just try linking up with the other ships.”

The smile on her face only grew wider as she watched Justus, then his brothers and sisters, all take turns on their personal communicators. She waited until every single face had turned white before she continued.

“You still have time, I can still help,” she said, as she pointed in the direction of the plexiglass again. “By my estimates, the enemy ships will still need about… ten minutes to get in range. If we can get-”

“Tell my guards what they need to know,” said Justus. “I’ll have the commander here, you can tell him what they need to do.”

“No, I won’t do that,” said Aeliana. She tapped her collar, then smiled. “Are you really going to have us argue about chain of command when there’s a battle around the corner. No. Set me free. I will lead them for you.”

They would have argued further – it was in both their natures. But it was also at that moment that the alarms sounded. It was not a sharp, abrasive alarm. Instead, it was a low-toned, roiling alarm, one which brought to mind deep-sea whales going about their mating calls. It reverberated through the hall, grinding against their bones.

“Master Justus,” said Aeliana. “Not much time left. Set me free, and I promise you, I will have the enemy pushed back within the hour. Either that, or we can all perish here.”

Justus sighed, then tapped the unlock sequence into his bracelet. Then, when it failed to register, he tapped it in again, faster this time. Still, where there was supposed to be a confirmatory *beep* to signal that he had released Aeliana’s restraints, there was no response at all.

“Strange,” Justus said. “It can’t seem to detect that you…”

Aeliana reached behind her neck, then unclasped her collar. It came off with a pop, and she dropped it with a resounding bang.

“I had already deactivated it myself,” she said. “I just wanted to see if you would place your trust in me. And since you evidently have, though with some prodding, I’ll see that you’re not disappointed.”

She walked over to the nearest guard, then wrested his shock-lance away from him. She drove it hard into the ground, and its tip lit up in an electric fire. The glow against her face only served to underscore the bloodthirst in her. 

“I’ll show you what a Drusan warrior can do, Justus. Then, perhaps, you can re-evaluate whether you really did manage to enslave my people, or whether we entered your service for a reason.”

---

/r/rarelyfunny 
