When the great double doors grated open, and approaching clatters echoed in the chamber, the old king didn't have to ask for his new guest to announce himself. He knew very well what sound bones made when they struck stone.

"Fate, Death, End," the king said, his voice papery and brittle. He straightened on his iron throne. "What name do you prefer, ancient thing?"

The clatters halted, and a flurry of cold winds brushed the king's body, a succession of lingering breaths, turning the tips of his white hair into icicles. "You can choose it, Dymori," Death said slowly, his voice was frost, and his words held winter in their core. "This is your day, and I'm here to please your last request."

"Last request?" Dymori asked, his brows knit. "Is that a last wish of sorts?"

"Yes," Death said, his voice half a hiss. "Telling your son goodbye perhaps, or a last, healthy night with your wife. Whatever you please."

"I see," the king said and rose to his feet, struggling. Death aided him. "May I show you a painting I painted when I was younger?"

"Is that your request?" Death asked, skull tilted, coruscant scythe in hand.

"It is. Follow me."

He guided Death past his chamber, down into a tunnel with a thrice locked door, and to the small room beyond, where a single, golden-framed painting adorned the walls.

"Look at it closely, and tell me what you see," Dymori said, and clasped his hands behind his back.

The painted was a mess of many-colored strokes, as if a tiger of opalescent claws had attacked a white wall viciously.

Death stared, silent, immersing himself in the colors and the shades. There were reds and blues and purples. In the chaotic strokes, he saw a child standing alongside a glistening ice-sheathed river. There was a rock in his hands, and his arms were aloft. His eyebrows were creased, and his eyes held fury inside. The lands encompassing him and the river weren't snow-kissed but barren and black, as if burned.

The sky was made of blazing embers, and its heat fell in the shape of wavering yellow waves partitioning across the child and the river and the land. But the child was cloaked with thick furs, and the ice was solid. What did it all mean? How did he conceal this scene within wild strokes?

Questions and more questions flooded Death’s mind, and he kept looking, searching for answers that he would never find. 

"What do you think, ancient one?" Dymori said, his voice distant. Death turned, and found the king standing behind the door. When their eyes met, Dymori shut the door, locking the three locks.

Death walked toward the door, yet something tugged at his feet, and there he found a golden shackle, shining beneath the shifting torchlight. He swung his scythe at the shackle, but it didn't break. Not even a scratch was left on its surface.

"What did you expect," Dymori said behind the door, "of Sisyphus' son?"

--------------------------------------------

/r/ahumongousfish     


