Hesitantly, I inserted $2 into the coin slot. This was the last of my money. My apartment had been picked clean when I took my life two days ago. I immediately regretted my decision to off myself as I had many regrets in life. "Day 3 = $3" flashed on the screen then I was brought back to life. 

I scrambled to gather as much change as I could for day 3. After checking the couch and getting kicked out of the mall for jumping in the fountain, I finally managed to get $3. I spent the remainder of the day apologizing to all of the people I've wronged. Knowing I had one more day left, I saved my biggest wrong for last. 

I had blamed my mother for letting my father drive my sister back from soccer practice drunk. I blamed my mother for not kicking that piece of shit out of our lives. He got drunk every day, would beat us up, and often slept in my sisters room. She was 12 and he was in his late 40s. He was a scumbag. Several years after the accident that took the lives of my sister and father, I found out he was secretly drugging my mother and threatening to kill us of she tried to leave him. In a small town, being friends with law enforcement allows you to get away with a lot.

I wanted to use my last day to beg my mother for forgiveness that I did not deserve. I turned out to be a huge piece of shit. No job, don't talk to my family, getting high every day, selling drugs to kids, and fucking junkies that didn't have enough money for another bag.

I held onto my last $3 tightly. I was not about to lose my only chance at redemption. That night, I peacefully closed my eyes, ready to use the last of my money for that one day. As I opened my eyes, a machine stood before me with a coin slot. I started to move the money to the coin slot when I noticed that the screen on the machine said a different amount. This time the machine was asking for $3.50.

It was about this time I noticed the coin slot machine was about eight feet tall and a crustacean from the Paleozoic Era. I said "damn it Loch Ness monster I ain't giving you no $3.50." I threw the money into the abyss as I felt my life slowly drain from my body.