I awoke to the sound of a poorly vocalized guitar solo. 

"Bow bow beenaneenabowbow!" the husky voice shrieked, each syllable perfectly synchronized with my pounding headache. As my vision cleared, I began to make out colors- silvery gray, tinted with blue, like the scales of a fish, but smoother. The colors took shape in harsh angles, precise and finely tuned to exact precision, ceiling to walls, walls to floor. I was in a prison cell. I winced as the voice cried out once more.

"Bam bam bam bam bawowawow woooooowwww!" 

Sitting up now, I massaged my temples in a futile effort to alleviate my migraine. From my right side, the voice called out, "Hey there little fella, you don't look so good." I gazed towards it, across my cell and through the chrome-lined bars that occupied one side of my enclosure. Staring back at me was none other than...

"Jack Black?" I asked in disbelief. The plump actor came into focus three feet beyond the bars of my cell. He was sitting cross-legged, casually clad in jean shorts and black tee shirt. His ragged hair hung down in greasy clumps around his shoulders. In his hands was an open bag of off-brand potato chips upon which happily munched. My sense of disbelief increased even further as I shifted my attention to a wide window behind him, and beyond that, the blackness of space. "W-what..." I struggled for words. "H-h-how..."

"W-w-w-what?" Jack mocked me. "H-h-h-h-h-how?" He broke down into uncontrollable laughter. 

"Where am I!?" I demanded, despite the involuntarily wavering in my speech. What's going on?" Jack ignored me as his laughing fit continued. When he finally regained control of himself, a sinister smile spread across his paunchy face. His eyes grew wide and his demeanor took on a coldness which I had not yet seen before.

"I'll *tell* you where you are", Jack said forcefully, "you're on an alllliiiien spacecraft!" I felt myself begin to shake uncontrollably. Jack appeared delighted by my terror and continued, "I'll *tell* you what's going on. You're gonna be a little guinea pig for a few tests!" His eyes bulged as he shoveled more chips into his mouth, never breaking eye contact. "And then," he gleefully cried around mouthfuls, "you'll be euthanized! Just like the others!" 

Jack broke into another fit of uncontrollable giggling, spittle and chip fragments flying from his mouth. My headache pulsed even harder, and a dark veneer began to creep inwards from the edges of my vision. "You're going to diiiiieeeee!" Jack screamed, now cackling madly as he rolled back and forth along the silvery floor. Suddenly I was extremely nauseous, and before I could react my gorge rose and vomit spilled forth from my cracked lips, splashing across the cold reflective metal of my cell wall. 

"Bow bow bam bam bawowawow!" Jack sang, but I could already barely hear it as i plummeted forward into the merciful darkness.