The planet is black and cold. *Dead*. The atmosphere has long since left and only a gentle, solar breeze stirs my cloak about my bones. 

The *creature* has buried itself away in a bunker deep beneath the surface, trying to eek out a meagre, artificial existence near the planet's quickly cooling core. 

But it cannot hide from me. 

From our destiny.

It hears my chains rattle as I approach, and it falls to its old, weathered knees, begging me not to take it. 
I slowly run my scythe across its neck, and with a gentle intake of breath, absorb the *final* soul. I have never enjoyed my *task*, but as I take the last life from the universe, I feel a whisper of perverse pleasure creep over my being. 

I leave the bunker and return to the surface, for a solitary moment of sentimentality and reflection, before *the end*. Far above, the last of the fading stars are dwindling and extinguishing, as if they are no more than candles on a child's birthday cake. I allow myself a sigh, knowing that my torment is at last, over. Finally, I will be free of the shackles that have cursed me for this eternity. 

The very last star vanishes in a blink of blissful finality, and I am left in the comforting embrace of *darkness*.

I wait to be taken. To join my father.

I wait.

And I wait.

"Make a wish," whispers a melodic, lilting voice.

"Sissster?" 

"Hello, Februus," she says, as her dimly lit silhouette coalesces out of nothingness in front of me. 

"Sissster," I repeat. Her hair is beginning to smoulder, and I can't help but shudder. "You have been gone soooo long. I *had* hoped you extinguished, as the starsss." 

"How nice of you," she laughs, tilting her head back. Her hair explodes into tongues of orange and red flame, that pirouette decadently above her. Beneath her feet, the dead ground slowly turns green, and grass begins to rise like ivy around her ankles.

"Pleassse," I beg, desperate. "Don't."

"You always were father's favourite," she says, the bile spilling out of her mouth.

"I have done as you asssked. My task issss complete!"

"Your task will NEVER be complete!" she screams.

High above, there is an explosion of incredible light, as a supernova begins in reverse. 

"Pleassse," I say, my voice trembling. I drop the scythe and fall to my knees. The green beneath her is spreading, and soon it is under me.

"You killed our father," she hisses. "You killed *God*."

"It wassss hissss time," I say. I look down at my shackled arms. "Have you not punissshed me enough, sisssster?."

A million more supernovae explode like fireworks in the darkness above; they dance in a heavenly rapture of heat and excitement.

"I will never forgive you," she says, as a single tear trickles down her face, falling off onto the grass below. With it, my fate is sealed.

"No," I whimper, knowing that already, it is too late. The tear spreads and expands into a great body of water - and I feel *it* begin. Life. *My torment returning*. I notice another sensation too - one I have not experienced in aeons - the touch of *air*. It travels like poison across my bones. 

The first supernova has already become a calm, pale star, its warmth soothing the frost-bitten planet. Under it, I see the tell-tale red glint of *atmosphere*. The sky blossoms out above me, spreading like a drop of blood in a shallow pool, until eventually, it rests as a gentle azure.

"Pleassse..."

"I have taken so much enjoyment from your *hope*, brother. You are truly pathetic." Her lips twist and curl up into a devilish grin. "You'll never be free." 

She slowly, purposefully, steps away from me and returns to the nothingness from whence she came. 

"Never," comes the fading whisper.

One day, I will reap my sister's soul. 

I *will* extinguish life's flame.

---

If you liked this, I'd love it if you'd come check out my brand new User Sub (beta) that I'm testing out: /u/nickofnight

 