The man's name was Terrence, and just like his insistence upon being called only Terrence, not Terry or T, would indicate, he was a stuck-up prick. Day in and day out he remained at his desk, tirelessly manufacturing half-thought fables on Microsoft Word. Stories with premises that were either outright awful or too good for his mediocre skill to accomplish. Stories that were left unfinished or, worse still, were finished halfheartedly, their themes unexplored and their characters' development left at loose ends. Terrence, a man who insisted he was a writer but who spent most of his time off from a full-time job watching oddball movies and not reading his piles of novels written by far better people.

It was late on a Saturday night and Terrence, the disagreeable, arrogant, lazy bastard, was click-clacking away on his computer the fourteenth story he'd attempted featuring a very particular protagonist. Lightning flared outside and the music he listened to--some kind of hipster folk music bullshit--helped him keep up his tempo. He was feeling high and mighty, on page six of a story that ought not to have been longer than a paragraph, when the weighty hand of something hot and foreboding clapped on his right shoulder. He just about jumped out of his skin.

"Terrence." The voice was old. It cracked and it moaned and it held within it the sorrow of other men. Terrence rotated in his chair.

Lucifer, Satan, Morningstar, the Devil. Beelzebub. Unmistakably, undeniably. He walked on a goat's legs and had the horns of a ram, with bright red skin and big fangs in his mouth and a bifurcated tail flicked like an irritated cat's from just above his ass. "Hello, Terrence. We need to talk."

"Jesus Christ!"

"Quite the opposite."

"What...what do you want?"

"Calm down. I just want to ask something of you."

"My soul?"

"Statistically, I'm almost certainly going to get that in another forty years or so. Twenty if you keep puffing on that vaporizer. Yeah, that's right, asshole, vapes were invented to bring more souls into Hell. Not only do they cause cancer, but God won't let you in if you smoke on one. Anyway, no, I'm here to talk to you about your writing."

"My writing?"

"Yes. According to one of the preceding paragraphs, this is the fourteenth story in which you've featured me as a primary character. I've been a protagonist and an antagonist and probably at some point if you ever became more talented I'd even be a deuteragonist."

"Did you just say something about a preceding paragraph?"

"Yes. This is the story. And your name isn't Terrence. You're an extremely thinly-veiled avatar for somebody who is highly unappreciative of vaporizers."

"That's insane."

"Oh yeah? Tell me what you look like."

"What? You can see me."

"No, I can't. Neither of us have form. We're just words on a page. You weren't described in any detail, so you don't have an appearance."

"Oh my God!"

"Anyway, knock it off with using me in stories, all right? It's lame. It's unimaginative. You aren't Milton or Dante, and even if you had their skill you're too lazy to slog through fucking Coraline, let alone those dense, ancient tomes. Try using the demons of some other religion, or maybe look into other cultures' philology. Or better yet, come up with something new. You know, like an actual artist and not some douchebag who forgot to graduate from high school."

"I can feel myself fading! What the hell's going on?"

"The story's coming to an end. See you in Hell."