In my hands is a rusty musket, and surrounding me are incredible battles. Everyone’s fighting for the throne, flying around the room or slashing at each other with laser swords. Their gods gifted them incredible powers, while mine gifted me…this.
	
Someone runs by me, chuckling. Nobody thinks I’m a threat. When we were given these yesterday, everyone laughed at me. I’m just a scrawny band kid to them. I wonder why this god even picked me, of all people. There are superstar athletes and big time actors here. So why *me?*
	
I’m a wasted vote. Only thing I can do is play trumpet.
	
*You only are if you choose to be.*
	
“What does that mean?”
	
*Be yourself.*
	
Before I can reply, a fist slams into the ground, sending me flying back. When I climb to my feet, there’s a girl standing in front of me wearing comically large boxing gloves, rearing one back. “Bye bye, sucka!”
	
I dodge and take off running. She chases me. I clutch the musket, holding it tight to my stomach. How could I possibly use this?
	
*Be yourself. Show them your passion.*
	
I duck away from another punch, and another. Turning a corner, I reach a dead end, walls on either side of me. She’s getting closer and closer, shadow consuming me. *Be myself, be myself.* But what does that mean?
	
My eyes scan the musket. Only now, stuck in danger, do I see it. The odd shape is purposeful, because it’s not a musket at all. No, not even close. It’s my passion, the only thing I’m truly good at.
	
It’s a trumpet.
	
“Time to die!”
	
Pressing it to my lips, I whirl around, facing the girl. As I blow air into it, the thing transforms into a beautiful, golden trumpet, and the notes literally dance out of it, happy and colorful. They circle around her, and she immediately stops, captured by the music. A second later, she’s sitting on the floor, rocking back and forth.
	
*The hardest battles are won not by strength, but by skill. You’ve spent years mastering this, spent years training your mind to make others happy—while the others were simply given their talents.*
	
The walls fade, and when I look around, everyone’s sitting down, rocking back and forth. They love my music, which makes me smile. I actually…I actually did it!
	
In front of me, the sky opens, and a staircase lowers out of it. There’s a throne sitting at the top. Does this mean…did I…am I…
	
*You will make a great god.*
	
And with that, I ascend the stairs.
***
I hope this turned out okay! Thanks for the prompt. If you like this story, check out my sub /r/LonghandWriter or my [Twitter!](https://twitter.com/BryceBealWriter)