The clock was ticking.  I had two options, the first was to sit back and accept my fate.  Slowly, I would watch my body and mind degrade until they fully betrayed me, eventually praying and welcoming the cold lead that would end my suffering.  The second was to get to work.

My first task would be to obtain a vial of the vaccine, which was under extreme lock and key.  I had to analyze the vial to understand how their new formula worked.  Of course, repurposing a vaccine into an antidote is unheard of, but what choice did I have?  I'd worked on failed antidotes for the Z-virus before, maybe this new information would help me get lucky.

The National Guard set up a screening and application tent where they would first take a blood sample of a citizen, hold them until the results came back, and then....administer a treatment: the healthy received the vaccine.  The sick....well....let's just say walking in and asking pretty please wasn't going to work.

I spent the next hour performing recon on the tent, trying to find any weak spots, areas where I could slip in and out, but an hour of recon on a National Guard tent told me nothing.  After all, I'm a doctor not a soldier.

I had one gambit left: a bargain.  I walked right up to the national guard tent with my hands above my head.  The guards looked tired, but alert.  They tensed up a bit as I approached in my surrender posture.  Rifles were still pointed at the ground, for now...well, here goes nothing...

"Please don't shoot, I'm infected!" I pleaded.  "I have an idea though.  My name is Doctor Sandborn, assistant researcher on the..."

"Sir, stay where you are!" The guard on the left barked.

I froze in my tracks.  "My name is Doctor Sandborn", I repeated, more exasperated this time.

"Sir, please turn around and put your hands behind your back" ordered the same guard.  The rifles, while still technically pointing at the ground, were starting to lift slightly.

I followed the orders while attempting to make my plea.  "I worked on the antidote project.  I believe if I can have access to the vaccine and a lab, I could..."  I felt the sharp edges of a plastic zip-tie restrain my wrists behind my back.  "Please listen to me!  I could help you save millions more!"

"I'm sorry sir, but we have our orders" said the other soldier as they lead me to a trench out back filled with bodies.

"YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND!" I screamed frantically.  "I COULD HELP YOU DO SO MUCH!! PLEASE, LISTE-"