“ They are bubbling over in marketing, this kid is going to take over the internet, he will be the PewDiePie of space.”

“I don’t know, it’s a bold move - bold moves sometimes bite you”.

“True, but just look at him…”

Ding.

“See, look at that, he uses a timer to remember to eat and wash, he is very good at self care, I’m telling you the kid is perfect”

“… we have had a live link to his webcam since hour two”

“He performs between 57 and 64 actions every minute, the facial analyzer shows his blinking is within a hundredth of a second of optimal.”

“Okay, let's do it”

“They are going to be simply uncorked in marketing. Sir, I stand behind your decision.”

Later that day,

Knock, knock. Two men in black suits and a woman in a purple dress stand in front of Stanley Huepaler’s door behind them a camera crew and a Writer from Wired.com.

The front door opens.

“Hello?”

“Hello Stanley, my name is Andrew Burnstrum and I’m from NASA . I am here to tell you that you are the winner of our Secret Space Sweepstakes. Stanley, we are sending you to Mars.”

The women spoke,

“You will be the first civilian to go to space and one of the first three people in history to live on Mars. “

Ding.

“I’m sorry, but I have to eat now and get back to No Mans Sky.”

“That’s the thing Stanley, No Mans Sky was how we found you, it’s why we have selected you for the honor of space flight.”

Stanley paused thoughtfully and then asked,

“Will I be able to play No Mans Sky in space?”

“Well, no”

“I’m good, Thanks”

 And then Stanley closed the door.

--------------------------------------
As requested - part 2
--------------------------------------

Not long after the government knocked on his door, they revoked his license for No Mans Sky and took all of his computers - all while making the same offer. Without No Mans Sky he might as well go to Mars.

Stanley missed playing No Mans Sky and Earth. Did you know being in Space smells terrible – Stanley didn’t.

As it turns out – both Mars and Spaceships get very dusty and NASA decided that bringing a dedicated space sweeper would allow the other astronauts to focus on executive tasks.

Stanley was not told any of this but he was trained for his job. He didn’t know if they hid it from him or if he inadvertently hid it from himself but now that he knew, Stanley endeared himself to the crew by speaking in a horrible high pitched female Mexican accent,

“House keeping – I clean for you!”

Things changed after that.

It didn’t take long for Stanley and the other Astronauts to realize, that Stanley Q. Huepaler was the closest thing to a female that anyone of them might ever see.

After a few nights of the, Eliza character, as Stanley called her, one of the other astronauts privately asked him to do an Olga.

For weeks Stanley would lighten up that strapping mans face with,

“Moose and Squar-ell”

Mission control became worried when – Eliza – began to serenade them each night, with amorous songs in make-believe Spanish.

The internet was abuzz.

According to a highly reputable website Gamker.com, the Astronauts were now engaged on an interplanetary gay cruise at the tax payers expense. And they were right.


--------------
-
-



