Just four taps and the adventure begins. Or at least that was what I had hoped when I found out I had a special power to teleport anywhere by tapping any surface four times. The first few times it was simple, a old lady with a flat tire needing help in the rain. A young boy with his drone stuck in a tree and afraid to tell his parents. I understood the kids fear as I had been estranged from my parents due to differences on religion and political beliefs for years since I moved out and headed for California in hopes of becoming famous.

Then I realized the true danger of your gift when I found myself in the back seat of a ratty old car with a drunk man driving down the road covered in blood and a crying child in wet pj's curled in a ball on the floor behind the passenger seat. The man freaked out seeing you just appear out of no where and slammed the brakes. My head hit the back of his seat and lights seemed to flash in my eyes as the guy jumped out of the car and moved to the back door. A quick jerk and the door was opened as he reached in and pulled me out. He began demanding something of me but I wasn't listening as I swung my knee up without thinking and kneed him in the gut. He dropped me and I scrambled back before anger flowed threw my mind, I punched him hard in the nose breaking it and dazing him as he fell to his ass on the side of the road. I grabbed my cell phone and called the cops who showed up a around ten minutes later.

It took me days to get home and by the time I did my job had called me and fired me for missing work, yet again. I ignored it for a moment and began doing a search about the guy and kid I had met. The guy was claiming someone had attacked him when he was trying to help the boy, the boy claimed an angel had help him. The boys parents where happy he was back, he had been taken by the man for unreleased purposes. The only help me cope with it all was that I had saved the boy.

Months went by without me using my powers as I tried to find someway to help but also still have a life to make it worth it all. Then one lazy Saturday while working at the local Bar I accidentally tapped the bar four times trying to get a customers attention. I hadn't tapped anything for awhile but this time was pure accident as I remembered not to do it as I did it only able to say one word before I vanished in front of nearly fifty people, "shit." I arrived and heard a gun shot go off, I spun and saw a man holding a gun so I did what I felt was right and threw the tray I had at him like an over sized Frisbee. I was dizzy and looked behind me to find a couple with a young son and daughter pushed behind them looking at me stunned. "You okay?" I asked in a slurred voice and the world tilted as I began to fall. My body slamming into the alley as the sound of sirens grew louder. A man in a foreign language began speaking to me and pressing on my chest once he had be face up. I reached a shaking hand out and tapped the alley four times as he tried to yell for something before I vanished. 

I appeared over a table and fell onto it. I heard voices as darkness settled in and coldness crept over my body. They sounded familiar, "mom...dad..." I tried to ask before everything went dark. 