Both Death and Daniel watched as the coin pirouetted through the air. The light of the moon danced off one surface and then the other. Heads then tails. Heads then tails.

"No!" screamed Daniel as for the 256th time, the coin landed heads up.

"No!" screamed Death, painfully aware that Daniel had slipped through his fingers once again. He clutched at his scythe and held it near. Death then took a few deep breaths, sucking air in through his mouth before it escaped through his unskinned ribs like water through gills. 

"So be it," said Death, regaining a crumb of composure. "You live again. You are alive. Now with my touch you shall be sent back. You will be healthy and young. Your memories will be kep-"

"I know the rules, Death," sighed Daniel, "But I can't do this again. I have lived too long already. I have lived through hundreds of loved ones dying. I have watched the world change to something I do not understand -- that I don't *want* to understand. Take me, Death."

"You know I cannot. And this is more painful for me than it is for you, Daniel. You requested the gamble upon your original death, the pact must be honoured until you flip tails."

"I took the gamble for her, I didn't want to leave her..." Daniel said as he looked down at the dirt floor. "But she left me long ago. And now I am ready to leave. I was ready long ago."

"I am sorry for your loss, Daniel. I do not like what I have to do and I would much rather take you. But you must go back."

"Did she...did she take the gamble? Did she flip a coin; did she try to come back to me?"

"Every time you ask this question, but you know I cannot answer. Why do you pain yourself? Why does it matter so much to you?"

"It just, does." replied Daniel in little more than a whisper.

Daniel was silent for a moment and Death, for his part, stood as still as stone.

"Swap with me." Daniel pleaded suddenly. "Let me become the new Reaper. Let me send you back to humanity."

Death paused for a while and clutched his scythe to his bony chest 
as he considered the offer.

"I cannot. It is forbidden. Daniel, you have knowledge far beyond any mortal. You have power. Do something with it. Improve them."

"I cannot change the world. I have spent many lifetimes trying and failing. I started wars and I ended them. I created and tried ideological and social revolutions. All I learned was that they can't be helped. There is no perfect state for them. We, they, are a creature of flux. They need uncertainty and chaos."

"Be that as it may, you must go back."

Daniel fell to his knees as a plume of dust sprinkled up into the moonlit night. He picked up the fallen coin and stared at it in hatred. "So be it. Touch my head with your boney hand and send me back."

Death paused again for a moment, before nodding and floating forward. He lowered a hand towards Daniel. But before his boney fingers touched Daniel's head, Daniel sprung forward and flew at the sharp scythe that Death held. Daniel raised his neck to meet the razor like edge of the scythe. At the same time he flipped the coin into the air.

A fountain of crimson burst from his neck. 

The coin pirouetted in the moonlight before landing on the dusty floor. Blood trickled over the coin and a bony smile crept over Death's face. 

"Yes, she gambled, Daniel." said Death leaning down to pick up the man's body.


