"An ace?"


"Go fish."


"Bullshit, I know you have an ace."


"Why, can you see through the cards or something." 


"Well I'm sure I could, but I wouldnt need to, you're holding your cars too low, I can clearly see an ace."


Emily adjusted the cards in her hand. She sheepishly handed over the Ace of Clubs. Death snatched it up with long skinny fingers. 


"Ha! I win!" They exclaimed, and produced pair Aces with a flourish. 


"I miss the days when you let me win." Emily huffed. It was a lie. Those days, the early days were awful. Shed been taken on her way to a birthday party, and the sundress that once complimented her green eyes, now draped heavily over her thinning frame. She kept the dress nice at first, wanting to look pretty when the police came to find her. She believed with all her heart that they would. But then days became weeks and months and now her tattered dress was dinged and torn. 

It was somewhere in between what she thought was the 2nd month and the third that a friend stopped by. 

Death was beautiful. An older person with long silvery hair, tucked into some sort of twist, Death always looked professional. This was their work then, Emily assumed: tending to the dying. 

Death assured her the time wasn't right, that she'd surely have to come for Emily in the morning. Night after night she came, apologized for being late, and stayed for a chat. 

Emily grew fond of Death, as a companion. Death had so many stories, and in a grey cellar, stories were the richest things in the world. Tonight was a story about Catherine the Great, while they played cards.

"I do mean, I meant it to be a joke, of course, a rumor. But people have a funny way of holding on to things." Death finished. There was a pause. Shared silences between the pair were not uncommon, but this one had weight. 

"That's it. I cant stand it any longer. Wait here." Death said, right before slipping into the shadows. 

Emily was quiet, unsure what to do next. A thud from upstairs broke the silence. And then another. And a third. Three thuds, Emily counted, and three captors. Taking a chance, Emily moved for the door. It wasn't ever locked while the brothers were home, but any attempt to escape was brutally punished. She reached for the handle and swung the door open. She crept up the stairs, into the kitchen, and found the first one. He was too pale, even for death, and black veins twisted and turned under his skin. She stepped over him and turned towards the living room. There were the other two, identical in life and apparently now in death, slumped on the couch. 

Death stood at the front door, phone to their ear. 

"Yes, yes hello? Police? I hear screaming from my neighbors house, I'm worried they'll kill each other! Yes, thank you," Death finished the call, and winked at Emily. 

"You dont get to live forever without having a little fun every now and again. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have 3 new visitors I need to deal with. I'm sure we'll meet again Emily."

And they vanished. As softly as the arrived. 

Emily heard the sirens, such a welcome sound would have brought tears, but there were simply none left. Instead she waited. She waited there for them to arrive. 