"What do you mean they didn't accept my article of Conjoined Mentalities?" Professor Devare looked at his computer, his eyes hurting with the strain he had faced during the day.

"I know the theory sounds crazy, but read the damn thing, it makes sense" Outside his lush office crickets chirped, reminding him of a daughter that wanted to see him come home early for once.

"Okay fine, If you won't accept it I'm publishing it elsewhere" Dr. Devare puts down the phone and lets out a sigh. The weight of todays events held heavy on his shoulders, and he needed a break. He rubbed the burning tiredness from behind his glasses as he continued to look at the computer. There was the article, still unpublished, still without verification. Dr. Davare yawned and looked at the room, wondering how long it had been since it went dark.

"Doctor" He heard the Spanish accent behind shut eyelids. "I am leaving. Do you want me to close the door?" He laughed and got up. His short stature stretching with the aching bones of age. He walked over to the door, calmly stroking his white beard. His wife said that it made him look approachable, like Santa clause. Eventually he got to the door and looked out at the maid. He didn't know her name and probably never would, but still he smiled.

"Yea, It's fine, you can go" The woman nodded said something that Devare didn't understand and the door closed behind her. Dr. Devare sat alone in that cold hallways of the small complex. He knew the insurance offices upstairs wouldn't have anyone in it and the Realtor company next door was on a vacation. He was the only person in this usually calm and welcoming atmosphere. He was the only person to witness it become dark cold and distant.

He sighed and walked back into his office. The day had been strenuous, and he had wondered when it would end. Granted, he loved taking care of children, especially those who's parents didn't, but today it happened again. A small child by the name of Tim. He didn't eat food and, as his caretakers said, never slept. He was the poorest sight you could ever see walk into a psychiatrist office, but Dr. Devare cared for him as if he was his own son.

As with most of his first time patients he didn't get much out of him, just general things like his name, his birthday, they even played a few games, but still Tim didn't want to talk. However, right before there session was up, Tim said he see's him, the person Devare affectionately calls CID, the collective intelligence delusion. Tim said his name was Everyone, and that he helped him eat, and helped him sleep when he needed it. As soon as Tim began talking about CID, Dr. Devare took frantic notes, even keeping Tim longer than the session permitted. By the end he had reported another anomoly, and wrote on the file in a little box to the left of the name "Case 187".

He was rereading the report of the day and already made some interesting observations. This was the first time CID had helped someone, as well as be a friend. This was also the first time CID was not part of someone who was inherently Schizophrenic, just a poor kid with issues Devare needed to fix. Lastly, it had not conveyed any information to him, it was just there for comfort. He looked through all 186 cases and each one had information being shared and you could figure out where the information came from and where it was going.

But this one was different.

A door slammed shut somewhere in the building that jerked Dr. Devare awake. He looked around, he cursed himself for not having a clock in his room, but it worried the patients so he didn't put it in. He looked at the papers strewn about the room, and wondered why every case was sitting at least five feet away from his desk.

"I guess...I throw things in my sleep?" He got up and walked around to pick them up. He sat back down and looked at his computer. It was oddly quiet, sitting there a black mirror reflecting upon himself. He turned it on, and looked at the time. 11:48. Not the latest he has ever stayed at the office, but late enough that his wife will have gone to bed. He gets up and yawns, but notices something is off. There is still no noise in the room. The computer should be making the noise of a fan, and the crickets should be chirping outside.

As if an answer to his call another door slammed in the building and Dr. Devare spun around. He looked at the massive glass door on the other side of his office, where they always glass? He furrowed his eyebrows and walked forward, away from the computer that still read 11:48, even after 5 minuets. He walked away from the drawn curtains revealing a dark sky, despite the full moon. He walked away from the files that continued to fall onto the floor. Instead he walked forward, to the man on the other side of the glass, staring back with Devare's own face.

"I was wondering when I would find you" The voice sounded like everyone Devare had ever met. If he had the time and the patience he could have heard each and every patient of his that had seen CID, even Tim.

"You...Are you?"

"What name do you know me as, Timothy Devare? Do you call me Everyone, or is my name Drill? Is my name incomprehensible, like old man Jonas said, or do you simply call me CID?" Devare looked at the familiar face, beard, glasses, small thin body that would have looked better if he treated it well. The man behind the glass simply smiled.

"I..."

"Can you not speak, good doctor" A voice of a girl Devare once knew came bubbling up, was it to put him on edge? Was it for intimidation? "Can you even accept the fact that I exist"

"How?" Dr. Devare continued to stammer, holding onto the side of the door. Was the door ever open?

"Just like every scientist I've met" The voice of an old teacher came to the forfront as it approached the glass. "Always wanting to know what I am"

Dr. Devare couldn't trust his eyes, he needed to touch it. Even as he thought that the room began to shrink and grow before him, twisting his vision and balance.

"You've told me everything I want to know Dr. Devare, and in return I will help you. You've impressed me, being able to connect the dots. I will come to you again, and we can discuss without you being so tired, but only if you destroy any mention of me. It is bad enough that one person knows of my existence, I don't want others finding out"

Dr. Devare stood up, questions soaring through his mind. Who is he, what is he? Am I mad? What is me? "I..I will, I want to speak to you again"

It laughed, a laugh that resembled his daughter on her fifth birthday. "Good, We will talk again, but in the interim I will give you a gift. Until Next we meet" The room began to wobble before Devare and all he could do was focus on the man, thing, person hybrid that stood behind non-existant glass. That filled every memory, filled every thought, until finally he blinked and lighted poured through the window.

"Dr. Devare, are you okay?" His secritary Mrs. Ronin was tapping him on the shoulder.

Dr. Devare sat up in his chair and looked around the room "What...What time is it?"

"It's 3:00 in the afternoon. You just finished your appointment with Tim" Dr. Devare looked around again, at the peircing sky, the wooden desks, and the small colorful blocks he was playing with just moments ago.

"What happened?" Mrs. Ronin gave him a quizical look.

"Tim's parents came, talked to you a bit, Tim said something to you and you just sat down and went to sleep. Are you tired, do you want me to cancel the rest of your appointments for today?"

After realizing what had happened, Dr. Devare got up and noticed something very peculiar. He wasn't tired, He wasn't tired at all. His bones didn't ache, his eyes didn't droop, it felt as if he had just slept for years and had woken up a new man.

"Actually, no, I'm not tired...I...Actually, I feel fine" A smile came to his face, he looked as if he had gone mad. A theory the scientific community austrisized him for was finally proven, and as an award he had been given the ability to feel awake with just a 30 minuet nap. "I want to work for the rest of the day, send in the next patient"

Mrs. Ronin again, raised one eyebrow, wondering where this was coming from. Eventually, she decided not to care and went outside to call the next patients phone. In the meantime, Dr. Devare went back to his computer and looked at the file's labled CID.

He laughed slowly to himself "I knew I never kept paper documents" A chill of fear ran through him, knowing just a glimer of what CID was. His previous exuberance left him and he was filled with a deep and dark dread, knowing he was facing something he could not understand, like trying to fill an endless pit. He clicked back a few files and looked at the list, eventually finding the one labeled CID findings.

A sigh escaped him, as a feeling of being watched crawled over him. He knew what he had to do and with a heavy heart he right clicked and pressed the delete button.

"What are you?" He said to himself as he watched his life's work disappear before his eyes.