There was nothing worse than going to the bank at this time, but for Scarlet there was no other option. As she stood impatiently behind a horde of slowly shuffling zombies she prayed for something interesting to happen to take her mind off of the dull eyes of the staff or the irritating calls of "Can I speak to your manager?" every time the customer's demands weren't met exactly and immediately.

Excitement soon did come in the form of a group of men in ski masks waving assault rifles around without much care for what they were doing.

"EVERYBODY GET DOWN NOW!" The leader commanded and fired a shot at the cieling to emphasise what would happen to anyone foolish enough to resist.

Everyone quickly fell to the floor and Scarlet shook as she got down as well while the robbers went to collect the cash. As they did this Scarlet reached slowly for her phone hoping to call the cops in case the silent alarm had yet to be triggered. Unfortunately she hadn't been so subtle and a gun was now pointing at her.

"DO YOU WANT TO DIE?!" He shouted at her and walked up closer, his finger was on the trigger as he looked into her eyes... and froze.

Then he began to back away, he dropped the gun and it clattered to the ground getting the attention of the others. One by one they turned to see what had him so scared. When they saw Scarlet they froze in fear. 

"Um w-what are you doing?" Scarlet asked confused as they acted as if she was some kind of bomb.

"Look just please tell Mr Harper we didn't mean to bother you!" One guy said before they turned and ran. Right as the police were arriving.

They were arrested and the police escorted the hostages out of the building and began taking care of calming them down. Meanwhile  Scarlet could only think of that name.


Harper...

Mark Harper? Couldn't be. Could it? He had been Scarlet's first love and first heart break when he had to move away. Something had just clicked in a way they hadn't with any other guy. The idea that he could have scared these trigger happy thieves seemed impossible.

But maybe a visit was still in order...