(This is the first part of a short story I already wrote.)

*Metellus Celer recalls the following: when he was Proconsul in Gaul, he was given people from India by the king of the Sueves; upon requesting why they were in this land, he learnt that they were caught in a storm away from India, that they became castaways, and finally landed on the coast of Germany. They thus resisted the sea, but suffered from the cold for the rest of their travel, and that is the reason why they left.

- Pomponius Mella, A.D. 43*

Standing at harborside in Toltecatlan, Diving Eagle was shouting himself hoarse at the sailors loading his new flagship. He was clearly a very hands-on Sea-Prince, and not because he was trying to impress anyone. Early in the day he had thrown off his cape and shell collar and stood in only his robe, yelling and pointing and running between ships. The sailors were all very green, and if the way they'd just loaded that war-animal was any indication, not many of them knew what they were doing.  The deep blue-green of the tropical harbor extended from the wharf to the horizon, where the Carib Sea met the sky, and it did nothing to calm Diving Eagle. A single island jutted from the warm sea, just big enough for two palms and a black-stone fort. Another new warship moored to the small fort-island dwarfed it as the ship sat high in the water, waiting to be loaded. As Eagle sprinted back and forth on the wharf dodging crewmen, he dripped with sweat and impatience. The humidity was not like Tenochtitlan's weather, and Diving Eagle wanted to be underway.

Eight-Grass appeared out of the stone-and- wood sprawl of the harbor town behind them.  Eagle saw him out of the corner of his eye. Eight-Grass was clearly aware of the contrast between his own bony frame and feather headdress against Eagle's squat muscularity and Grass approached the military man awkwardly as he hurried along the old jetty. He asked: "Can I re-check something?"

"Yes, what." Eagle's eyes didn't leave the load that was being hoisted up onto the deck of his flagship Sabertooth.

"Is my second load of books on board?" Eight-Grass said.

"Yes."

"The second load."

"Yes. I personally made sure it was on the ship and in your quarters."

"They're important," Eight-Grass said nervously.

"I know," Eagle said.

"I don't mean to question you."

"No worries. This may be a very long voyage and we can't afford to damage or lose anything now." For the duration of their exchange, Eagle's eyes hadn't left the load being hoisted up onto the deck. Now Eight-Grass looked up at it too. The object was
wrapped in cloth and it was relatively small.

"What's that?" Eight-Grass said.

"My table." Eagle added, "It's the same one that was in my quarters on the Sea Snake during the war. I planned all our invasions on it and ate many bad meals on it. If I can't have the Sea Snake as my flagship at least I can have my table."

"Superstition?" Eight-Grass tried to ask amicably.

"No. It's a good table." Grass said nothing, and turned to count the warships out on the bay, still waiting to be loaded. Diving Eagle saved him the effort. He said, "These are the final sixty-eight."

- - -

*When we hominids were still exclusively an East African animal, the playing field between us was level. Everyone lived in the same few thousand square kilometers. No flooded land bridges or spreading deserts had yet isolated our genes and cultures to ferment in isolation, to accumulate chance discoveries, to develop resistance to some germ or a new trick of warfare or metal-working so we could conquer our neighbors. If the human story to date had unfolded only within the small realm of our first biome, history might have been much more even-handed, and things might have gone differently.  

But things did *not* go differently. Like colonies of primates growing in test tubes, we unknowingly quarantined ourselves in jungles and steppes and forests and tundras, and in each isolated corner of the Earth the historical accidents began to pile on top of one another, and the unfair odds piled up along with them. Of course, in reality Earth has no corners; and inevitably, soon there was nowhere new to go. Inevitably, every new horizon across an ocean or mountain range was an old one to someone else, already filled with other faces. In this way the quarantines ended. In the ensuing collisions, millennia of these accumulated accidents would come crashing down, like current through a suddenly closed circuit.

Today, we're fascinated with accounts of early encounters between those breeds of primates – like Lewis and Clarke in the Northwest, or Captain Cook in the Pacific. These supposedly true stories are interesting enough that we can't help embellishing them or outright making some up. We scour history for the tiniest scraps of evidence. We squint at supposed Norse rune stones found in a field in Minnesota, or we read claims of medieval Japanese ships landing in Hawaii, or stretch the words of Roman historians until we think they were writing about Native Americans blown-off- course to ancient Europe. Occasionally, we even indulge the historical conceit of imagining new chains of events differing from the one we're actually standing in. What would an Enlightenment Africa have looked like without three centuries of globalized slavery? What would Persia have become if it hadn't been broken by Alexander? What if Europeans didn't discover America until the industrial age? These exercises typically ignore the massive suffering of the people whose cultures were on the wrong side of the circuit, in favor of more high-minded academic questions. History read very differently depending on the color of the skin you live in, and how history has treated that color.*

- - - 

It was a strange time in Mexico then.  The end of the Carib War had brought both glory and poverty to all of Nahuatlan.  In Tenochtitlan, for the first time in decades, there was real hunger, and no work for all the young men returning from their island-hopping campaigns across the Carib Sea.  Everywhere there were heroic murals of the celebrated Second Navy Sea-Prince Diving Eagle being presented with flowers and roasted hearts by High Speaker Angry-Coyote, with the ceremonial First Navy stretching away behind them in colorful lines on Lake Texcoco.  The figures on the murals were giant, and they were everywhere.  And they were everywhere looming over huddles of small, hungry people in tlaxcala-lines.

Diving Eagle had been back from the war scarcely a year when a messenger had rowed through the floating gardens to his estate in Xochimilco to tell him that "something had been found".  Eagle's impatience turned to understanding the following day when he stood before Angry-Coyote once again, in a torch-lit lower meeting room underneath the Palace, the walls crawling with painted snakes.  The Speaker's minister Eight-Grass was there, and Diving Eagle had intently examined the small thing Eight-Grass handed him, the thing which had washed up on Farthest Carib Island.

Eagle had held the thing in one hand, squinting.  It was a rectangular board, thin like bark, firm and light.  A maze of green and gold lines was minutely etched on its surface, almost as if printed.  There were small chips of black embedded in the surface of the board.  The decorative gold lines were curiously asymmetric, and the pattern didn't repeat.

"What is it?"

Eight-Grass responded, "The only theory so far is some kind of pottery shard.  And that's unlikely."  Eagle had continued to examine it and Grass had said, "The point is, we have no goods like it from any nation we know of.  And whoever made that has wealth and well-developed art."  Eight-Grass added, "Based on the sea currents near Farthest Carib Island, I have deduced the area it must have come from."

Eagle had quickly seen where this was heading, and how he may profit.  "If great Angry-Coyote wishes it," he said with full deference, "the Second Navy will sail again."

"Ah.  Angry-Coyote wishes a Third Navy," the Speaker had said, tapping a prepared scroll on the table.  "We go in strength.  If this new nation's strength is equal to the Nahuatlan, we leave Eight-Grass and some other men as an embassy.  If not, we don't."  He let the two-way implication speak for itself.

"It's done, your highness."  Angry-Coyote unrolled the scroll on the dark wood table and smacked it with his bone butterfly stamp.  It was done.