Hi guys so I wrote this throughout my duty day and it's very loosely based on a very small segment of my life as a soldier in Korea. 

This is all fiction and all the characters are very loosely based off either myself or someone I know. All of the characters are fictional. I wrote this in a way to reflect the prompt and it's the first story I have written since my 5th grade. 

It's definitely not going to be the best story but it discribes somethings I wanted to vent about. 

Let me know if you guys like it.


Denial of the past.

As the day closes and the roar of the trucks and tracks come to a halt for the day. Time suddenly speeds up and it feels as if I just closed my eyes and now I have to wake up for another day in Korea. But this night it felt slow. 

Boots laced up and my uniform looking ragged and worn. I throw on my vest and grab my helmet like it was another day at work. It was a normal drill that we ran through countless times since I have been in country for the impending invasion from the north. 

I start to make my way down to the arms room to get my night vision goggles and my trusty M4. I stand in line and I wait.  The line was short but the arms room was taking forever to issue weapons and goggles out. Some soldiers cracked a joke saying that if there where mortar strikes going on we would all die. We all laugh it off. 

Eventually I made it too the front of the line to get my night vision goggles and rifle. But the usual person who issues out our weapons wasn’t there. Instead of the warm welcome and the this shit sucks speech I got a cold response. 

“Go away!” she said sternly. 
“We don’t have any time for this I need my weapon” I said in a calm voice.
“Not after what you did John I can’t trust you” 
“Hailey we can’t be having this argument now I have to get to my vehicle and get ready to roll” I yelled

Hailey reluctantly gave me my weapon and my goggles. I turn around after I do my quick checks and she looked livid. 

“Look Hailey we need to talk about this later or something”
“Fuck right off and stop calling me Hailey, Hunter” 
“Well that’s fuckin fine by me McClare!”




“Hey dickhead wake-up!”
“Hey man did I over sleep?” I said panicking to get my uniform on.
“Dude why are you getting in uniform?” my roommate said in a confused tone.
“Y’know it’s Saturday and it’s like 0536” 
“God fucking dammit” I whispered under my breath.
“You were talking in your sleep again” he said in a sing song tone.
“You don’t say?” I said somewhat flustered and slightly embarrassed.

The morning passed slow and I gradually changed into “normal” clothing and start my day. I grabbed my laundry bag and I head down to the laundry room. I took a step and looked around the corner. 

“Hunter” 
“Hey McClare, uh so I wanted to talk to you abou”
“Look Hunter we have been over this, I don’t want to talk about it” she said in a cold manner as she’s walking away
“McClare wait I have something to confess and it’s going to sound really weird” as I make desperate attempt to stop her.
She stops for a short moment.
“Hailey I had a dream about you”
“Hunter that’s weird and honestly I thought you and I were through?” she stuttered
I start going back to my laundry to avoid the even more awkward conversation. She took a few steps and stopped at the door.
“I should not have given you your rifle” she walked away before I could remotely get an question to her.

