***

**OLD MAN JASPER**

***

"Gentlemen, gentlemen.  Come on in!"  Jasper Johnson said with a wide smile as he waved the six suited men into his small Bonita Springs condo.  

The condo overlooked the gulf.  Jasper and his wife had retired there.  She passed right after his eighty-third, and his children and grandchildren rarely make the trek to visit.  They lived out on the west coast, with all of those hippies, as Jasper called them. 

"Take a seat," Jasper said.  And the men took their usual seats around his couch.  He always put out two folding chairs beside the couch.  So four very stiff mystery men had to cram shoulder to shoulder on a floral pattern couch, guarded in plastic.  Jasper had hated the couch since his wife picked it out, but he couldn't bring himself to replace it.  He couldn't replace anything since she passed.  Set in his ways, he told himself.         

"So," Jasper said as he rolled his wheel chair over, settling opposite the coffee table.  "How's life, boys?"

The suited man in the middle who called himself John was the one that spoke.  

Jasper had been living alone for five years after his wife, when one Saturday, for no reason at all, some very nice young men (dressed the way men should be dressed, not in some casual denim -- Jasper hated denim and any man who wore it) showed up at his door.  They said they were with the government, and were doing a survey.

"Do you have a moment to answer some questions?" John had asked on that day two years ago.  

Jasper had looked the men up and down, liked the cut of their jib, and grinned.  "Of course.  I'm just watching the history channel.  But I can pause it.  You know you can pause TV now.  Damnedest thing.  My son tried to show me how to record it and watch it later, but I don't have the patience for all these new age gadgets."

So they spoke that day, and to Jasper's surprise it became routine.  Every Saturday.  At noon.  Like clockwork.  He never put much thought to it, he was pleased to have the company of men that valued the opinion of an experienced old man such as himself.  Nobody respects their elders anymore, Jasper always told anyone who would listen.    

"So, boys, did I ever tell you about Korea?"  Jasper asked.  

"Yessir," John said.  "And we admire your amazing heroism, sir.  A true patriot.  Right boys."

"Yes, yes," one of the suits said.  "Balls of steel."  Another said.  "Don't make 'em like you anymore."  Another.

"No they don't!"  Jasper laughed.  "All these kids with their phones and girls doing this twerk thing," Jasper dismissed the thought with a flick of his hand.  "Pah!"

"Jasper we want to speak with you about something very important today."

"Of course, of course."  

"Yes.  Well, ever since Donald Trump was elected --"

"--Ah!  Didn't I tell you boys he'd win.  Can't have a woman president.  A crook none the less.  Need a man with balls and business savvy."

"Yes, yes."  John said.  "Well there has been a large group of people protesting.  What are your thoughts on them?"

"They're fools!  All of them.  Don't get me wrong, I fought and lost my right foot for this country -- stepped on one of those gooks land mines, I've told you that right? Ah, of course.  Where was I?  Right.  I did what I did for the rights of all the people -- even if they are weak idiots.  They can protest if they want, but they don't know how good they got it.  I'd like to see those pansies go live in China, or send all those pro-life women to Saudi Arabi, let them see how good they actually have it here."

One of the agents, who had taken out a pen and pad and been writing since the start of the session, stopped writing and looked up.  

John looked at him.  They starred at each other, silently questioning the validity of this thought.  

John turned back to Jasper.  "Is that something you'd like to see happen?"

"What?  Rally up the hippies and send them to China?"

"Yes.  And the women to Saudi Arabia?"

Jasper thought about this.  He rolled his head and made a tsk noise.  "They should have that done, they deserve it, but -- but I'd be damned to see American's -- any American's suffer at the hands of some foreign commies.  No, for now they can voice their moronic opinions.  It's their right, I suppose," he huffed.

The agent taking notes made a quiet sigh of relief and put a thick line through the last sentence he had written.    

"Agreed.  Good point Jasper," John said.  "How do feel President Trump is doing?"

"Off to a rough start, but people need to give him a shot.  I mean they gave that black guy eight years!  But they don't want to give the white guy a shot.  They're racist."  

The man with a pad wrote -- TRUMP LIVES.

"Now, Jasper, we know you fought in Korea, so this might be tough issue for you."

"I know what you're gonna ask now," Jasper laughed.  "That pudgy little fuck that's running that human slave organization of a country."

"Yes.  Tensions have been high."

"I'd say nuke the gooks," Jasper started and faded off.

All the men were on edge.  The pen on the pad was pushed through to the next page.

"But, you can't do that.  All those innocent people living there, they got no idea what to do.  They're stuck."

The suited men took a breath again.  

"No," Jasper licked his lips and pushed the white stuff from the corners of his mouth.  "I say put some boots on the ground -- reinforce the DMZ -- send warships, tell China and Japan to play nice and have our backs, or else.  And then launch a tactical strike -- with all those drones they have now -- and take out the North's supply chains, bases, Captain building, everything  to disrupt their government and military.  At the same time send in the SEALs, like they did with Bin Laden, sweep up that fat fuck from whatever hole he's in, put a bullet in his eye, and then tell the North that a new government will be instated.  If they resist, we send in the troops, like a classic game of risk -- if we have China's support -- which we will, it'll be easy."

The man with the pen was writing furiously.  

"What if China doesn't support the cause?"

"They will," Jasper nodded.  "Trump and their President got along.  I saw it on the TV.  They'll help."  

"Okay," John took a long inhale.  "Just one more issue we'd like to survey you on today Jasper."

Jasper grinned ear to ear.  "Shoot."

"How do you feel about a persons digital privacy rights?"

"Digital privacy?"  Jasper coughed.  "Hmm."  He tried to think what it meant.  John picked up on this and stepped in to clarify.

"For example, a lot of people feel if they search for something on the internet, that should be private information."

"Oh --" Jasper leaned forward.  "Oh, I know what you're talking about.  You know, I don't use the internet, but if I did, I'd have nothing to hide."

"I see," John said.

"See all these kids are looking at porn, or sending nudity photographs to their friends -- idiots! -- I saw one thing on the news about a young girl that was raped and her friends filmed it and put it up on the net.  Did you hear about that?"

"I don't recall," John said.

"Terrible story.  Beautiful young girl too.  Bunch of animals, what they did.  No, if someone does something on the net, it should be watched.  And why not, if you go to a library, they keep a record of the books you take out!  Kids go online and become terrorists -- like those Boston boys!  Got all that foreign crap shoved in their heads and they went all crazy.  Maybe if they were being watched that wouldn't have happened."

"I see," John said as he looked to his note taker, who was flipping to a new page.  

"Well, Jasper," John stood up.  "Looks like that's all this week."  The other men stood and made way to the door, filing out neatly.

Jasper wheeled behind them.  "So, see you boys next week?"  Jasper said eagerly.  

"Yes," John said and turned to leave, stopped and looked back.  "Jasper did you have a birthday recently?"

"I did," Jasper smiled.  "The big nine zero."  

John nodded.

"That doesn't put me out of age, for this survey business does it?"  Jasper said with a worry in his voice.  These visits had become the highlight of his week.

"No," John smiled.  "Not at all."

John pulled a silencer from his chest holster and shot Jasper once in the head.  The force of the impact sent Jasper rolling backwards as John turned on his heels and pulled the door shut behind him.    

***

[/r/wyrdfiction](https://reddit.com/r/wyrdfiction)