"You're fat."

"What!?"

Will scratched his head, awkward. "You're… fat."

"Will, for the love of God," Marie shook her head, went to the window, pointed outside. "The world's a 
post-apocalyptic nightmare and you're worried about me being fat?"

"I just… you were hot. Like, really hot. With the lenses on."

"It was an illusion!" Marie marched back towards him. "The lenses projected a perfect world to our brains so we 
wouldn't see how much we were being exploited by the government! They faked a perfect world while in the real 
one everything is a nightmare!"

"Okay, that sounds derivative. Isn't it from Twilight Zone?"

"Black Mirror, I think, but whatever, I didn't come up with the prompt."

"We're going meta already?"

"No, sorry. You're right, it's too soon. Maybe later." Marie pulled a seat and held Will's face between her hands. "We have to fight the government, Will. Fight it!"

"Okay, okay. It's just that… I liked you better when you were hot."

"Well, you're fat too, Will. You looked like Michael Fassbender in *my* lenses, but I'm not complaining, am I?"

"Fassbender, realty?" Will checked himself in the mirror. A short, stocky man stared back, and he let his shoulders 
drop, sad. "Shit."

"Focus, Will! Focus! We need to fix the world."

"Yeah, yeah. Okay."

"I mean, look outside!" Will looked. Out the window, the people walked by a nightmarish landscape of burnt trees, 
cracked pavement and smoke, a lightning-painted sky of heavy clouds and flashes beyond fiery mountains in the 
horizon. "These people are all going around like everything is perfect, Will! They need to know!"

"How come they don't constantly bump into stuff?" Will asked. "Like, the lenses change what they see, so they're 
walking around a completely different world. It's not like the lenses affect reality, so wouldn't they keep bumping 
into stuff? How come they don’t?"

"Suspension of disbelief."

"Ah. Clever."

"Anyway, let's go outside and tell them the truth!" Marie got up.

"Now wait a second." Will put a hand on her shoulder. "Why, exactly?"

"What do you mean why!? They're living a lie!"

"Yes, but they don't know it's a lie, do they? They think they live in a perfect world."

"Are we having the Matrix discussion again? I can't keep having this discussion every time a dystopian prompt comes up, Will, we have to get past this at some –"

"I mean, think about the machines in the Matrix. They were really the good guys. They ended the war and gave us 
a home – a perfect world. Fake, yes, but we didn't know it was fake, so who cares? They just ended the bloodbath 
and put us in a nice little warm planet and said 'all right, so everyone's happy now'. And freaking Morpheus was 
like 'nah, dude, we'd rather like in the nightmarish reality of burnt skies and infinite Hugo Weavings."

Marie rolled her eyes. "Now you're gonna talk about Vanilla Sky, aren't you? I know you are. God damn, Will, you –"

"Like Tom Cruise's character in Vanilla Sky. Everyone he knew was dead. He was deformed. Jobless. Hopeless. And 
he could choose to just stay in the dream, you know? Just… stay forever in the dream, dating Penelope Cruz! 
Who would jump!? Why!? Why jump!?"

"You do realize some people reading this have never seen Vanilla Sky and you may have spoiled the ending, right?"

"Or… or… or!" Will smiled. "He *doesn't* jump, and the only reason I've included this little snippet is to make this 
spoiler joke and then subvert it so people would think I spoiled the film but I really didn't. People who *did* watch Vanilla Sky are now going 'hah! that's clever, cause I know Tom didn't really jump!'"

"Well, now you just told them he *doesn't* jump, so you spoiled it anyway."

"Except he might have jumped. I may have lied the second time."

"Well, does he?"

"Doesn't matter, now it's confusing enough that it's not a spoiler anymore, 'cause people won't know whether I 
lied when I said he jumped or when I said he didn't. I've successfully unspoiled the film."

"Can we get back to the matter at hand, please?"

"Yes, I feel like we're drifting dangerously close to meta territory again."

"What were we talking about, anyway!?"

"Phenomenology, the foundations of reality and if there's a valid philosophical distinction between what we consider 
to be 'real' triggers for phenomena – that is, for sensorial and mental experience – and 'fake' triggers, like VR, the 
Matrix and Penelope Cruz."

"Shit. Really? I thought we were just rambling 'cause you couldn't come up with a decent answer for the prompt."

"Nah, we're talking about real shit." Will frowned. "And I'm not writing this story."

"You're not?"

"No, I thought you were."

"Nope."

An Alpaca in a suit cruised by out the window in the distance.

"Shit, we're starting with the meta stuff again, right?"

"Yup."

"All right, seriously, though. Meta stuff apart, there's a real issue to be discussed here – is reality just the sum of all our experiences? Or is it something more?"

"Is this even relevant for the prompt?"

"Course it is. Cause depending on the answer we go and help those folks or not. If we feel like reality is something 
that *actually* exists beyond our perception, then there's an objective difference between living in VR La La Land 
like those people out the window and experiencing the real world like we are. But if reality is only the sum of our 
perception, entirely created in the brain, then I say we call 'reality' the one with the best features. If it's all just 
tickling in our brain, why not live 'a lie'? Why not put the lens on again?"

"Shit. My eye's itching."

"Oh, fuck. Don't tell me."

Marie pinched her eye carefully.

"Oh, Marie, for fuck's sake, that is such a cliché."

"I know, I know!" Marie pulled out something – a little translucent device – from her eye. "I can't help it, I'm not 
writing this!" She looked down at her finger. 

"What is it?" Will asked, in a bored note, because he knew what it was, because this Inception-bullshit trope where 
the 'real' world is just another layer is old and tired and eye-roll worthy, but I'm sorry, it's the best I could do. 
"What is it that you have in your hands, Marie?"

"It's another contact lens…" she raised her eyes. "We were just living in another level of illusion, Will! Oh, mother of all that's bad sci-fi!"

"What do you see?" Will asked. "How's the world different?"

"Oh my God…" Marie said. She got up, shaking. Trembling.

"What is it, Marie? What do you see?"

"I see… a predictable twist, Will. Of course." Marie shook her head. "I see a predictable twist."

______

/r/psycho_alpaca for more ridiculous stories.


