This world, it's a shit hole, people get "powers" when they perform an excessive amount of an activity. The world is run by these people that have the most powerful ones, Russia's president drank so much water and only water through his life, he now controls the oceans. Americas president burned so much that he shoots fire out of his hands. China's president dug up so much dirt he could move the crust and form the earth in his shape. Europe was now one, it wasnt many little countries but one big one, this happened when their new president took power, he drew so much anything could come off the page at any size and do almost anything, he united them all and is their new president. This did create problems that we're all still dealing with.I guess you could call them superheros but most just try and control everyone else with threats like threatening to beat someone else with your super strength while the other can only spit water.
I sit in a bar everyday and get drunk, I try to numb the pain of the past and present by going every time I'm off work. When I get drunk, I noticed I see things, weird things, almost as if reality was distorting I would always remember these little "tears" and nothing else. And then it happened.
The bartender greeted me,"Hey, back again I see?" I stared at him cold and unfeeling,"Yeah I need to forget again." Everyday I said that and came in, it never worked, I would have the same nightmares every night about this desolate shit hole. He poured me my drink, and I drank it, I asked for more and more until he refused, once he did I left to go home.

 once Europe was put into one, a lot of people rioted and with this change trade deals and imports and exports all crumbled with the economy. Now their trying to fix everything by slowly putting it back together like it was. This change, changed every country though, the US is run by the rich, and everyone else is poor now, no middle class. When everything fucked up some people couldn't take it, some instantly started looting and killing, others couldnt handle it and took their own lives. Back then the one I loved was one of those they felt like everything was doomed and they killed them self, now everyday I drink the sorrows away blaming myself for what has happened. 
After this particular day while on the way home I saw them, they spoke to me and those words echoed through me. I woke up and everything felt the same, i was hungover. I looked at my beeping alarm clock and simply thought,"go away." and poof, it was gone.

This is when I realized, but I had to make sure. I looked outside at the biggest building I see I imagine it being gone and poof, its gone. My power from drinking so much, I had become a reality bender and could make and destroy in an instant, now I can make this world a better place and bring her back I will fix it all I am the most powerful one here and I can do what those other leaders couldn't and no one can stop me.