"I think I may have come up with a new treatment"

"Another one? We barely managed to contain the results of your last experiment. Honestly, trying to align the fragments through unitary social constructs? And you couldn't see the potential for disaster in attempting this with the single most fractured personality we've ever \-"

"I know, I know, we've been over this a hundred times. Just... just give this a look. It's an entirely new approach."

"Hmm, targeted unification via localized treatment nodes? It's unique, I'll give you that."

"Will you approve a trial?"

"Fine. Small scale only though, a single node to start, and no high profile fragments! Try to keep it as quiet as possible, we don't want the fragments to start killing each other en masse again."

\-\-\-\-\-\-

"Uh Bob, you may want to see this."

Robert Hawkins, head nurse at Beacon Point Psychiatric Institution, has seen some shit, it's pretty much unavoidable when you work in a mental hospital for twenty years. Between the injuries he wished he'd never seen, the walls painted with fluids he didn't want to think about and more suicides than he cared to remember, Bob had, he assumed, seen it all. So when Carl the intern, on the job for 2 days and looking like he was fresh out of high school called to him with fear in his voice, Bob was ready to show up with a reassuring voice and a steady hand to the shoulder, and maybe ready to have a bit of a laugh at Carl's expense with the rest of the staff once their shift was over. When Bob turned and looked at the security monitor though, he stopped dead.

"How long have they been like this?" Bob asked.

"I don't know, I Just turned to camera 34 and saw them, I'm sure they weren't like this on the last rotation though."

Bob was sure they would have noticed them if they had been. It would have been impossible not to, every single patient in the rec room was standing perfectly still, almost at attention, staring at the empty table in the center of the room.

"Rewind the feed"

As Carl held the button the image started jumping in 5 second increments. The further back it went with the patients standing motionless the more uneasy Bob felt. Finally, one minute and twenty seconds in the past, the scene changed. 

"Stop! Play it forward."

Two seconds of normal life in the rec room, two patients on a couch watching a cartoon, a few by themselves reading, a few more just staring into nothing. At two seconds in there's a flash, followed by an un\-natural stillness as all movement in the room stops. Then with a suddenness and synchronization that chilled Bob to the core, he watched as the patients, as one, stood up and turned to stare at the empty table.

"We need a nurse in there, right now."

Without a word Carl pointed to the screen. In the bottom corner, just barely visible in the frame, was the nurse assigned to the rec room, standing and staring with the rest of the patients.

\-\-\-\-\-

"See? See! The fragments around the node are starting to unify already. I'm telling you, this treatment will provide almost immediate results."

"I'll admit the initial response is impressive, but we aren't seeing any sign of the consciousness emerging."

"There aren't enough impacted fragments yet, once the treatment continues I'm sure we'll start to see some activity. If we could just expand the treatment area\-"

"No, not yet, we're not making that mistake again. We'll let this play out, and see what the results are."

\-\-\-\-\-

"Alright Susan, I see you, just give us a moment to get the door." The first thing Bob had done after re\-watching the recording for the fourth time was remotely lock the door to the rec room, the second was call Susan Geraldo, the head of security. She was now standing by the door to the room with two of her burly subordinates and a pair of nurses armed with enough sedatives to knock the whole room out thrice over. Bob's radio crackled to life, "Bob, you sure this isn't overkill? You said they're just standing there, right?"

"Honestly, I have no idea Susan, I've never seen anything like this. Be careful in there."

Watching the camera in the hallway, Bob could see that made Susan pause, she'd been there almost as long as Bob and had seen nearly as much shit as he had. They never really got along that well, but both had a grudging respect for the other, and Bob could see her taking that into account. He was glad, despite the calm he hoped he was managing to project he was feeling as terrified as Carl looked. Something about that motionless stare unnerved the hell out of him. They'd been watching for 15 minutes and the only reason he was sure that the patients were even breathing was because none of them had fallen over yet. Turning his attention back to the hallway camera Bob could see Susan giving instructions to her team, and then raising her radio to her mouth. "Ready when you are, Bob." Without a word Bob unlocked the doors.

The team burst into the room with  a forceful confidence designed to cow any patients who might be thinking of putting up a fight into submission. The three guards walked into the room like a wall of muscle, took 5 steps towards the centre, and then faltered, with the nurses following close behind.  "Susan? Susan! Talk to me!" Bob yelled into the radio.

He could see Susan shake her head, like she was trying to fight her way out of a daze. She managed to raise her radio to her face "It's... it's like nothing I've ever see. I can't take my eyes off it." she said, staring at the center of the empty table. "It's beautiful. I can see so much, I think... I think I understand. Oh my God."  With that Susan's hand fell to her side, dropping the radio to the floor.

Bob and Carl stared in stunned silence at the video feed for what felt like an eternity. Finally, with shaking hands, Bob pressed the control to lock the door. The moment the bolt struck home with a sharp clack Bob could feel in his gut even if he couldn't hear it, every person in the rec room turned as one to stare, with empty eyes, into the lens of the Camera. As Carl started screaming behind him Bob watched in horror as Susan reached into her pocket, pulled out her copy of the master key, unlocked the door, and held it open as the people, no, the *things* in the rec room that used to be people calmly filed out into the hall.

\-\-\-\-\-

"Fascinating, you were right, once a critical mass is reached the consciousness does seem to begin to emerge. Though it currently seems to be mostly acting on instinct."

"I told you, didn't I? All we need to do is unify enough fragments and the condition will begin to reverse itself."

"The independent fragments are are sure to resist. The ones who remain near the node seem to be in a state of great agitation, this will almost certainly result in violence being used against the consciousness."

"Yes, some may attempt to violently disperse it back into individual fragments, but that's the beauty of this treatment. It's self perpetuating."

\-\-\-\-\-

Screaming filled Beacon Point. While Carl hyperventilated Bob watched in horror as the, the only word he could use was *infected*, patients spread throughout the institution. At first he had hoped that once they left whatever it was in the rec room that had caused this the rest of the security team would be able to stop the infected patients from leaving the institution. He had watched two of the guards run at a patient only to stop a few feet short and stare into his eyes. One guard turned and joined the growing crowd of the converted moving throughout the institution, the other, apparently unable to bear what he saw, clawed out his own eyes and lay writhing on the ground. That was when Bob initiated the lockdown.

A lockdown operates on a few assumptions. One of them is that the head of security isn't opening doors for the people you are trying to contain. Another is that guards, on the other side of otherwise impenetrable doors, won't take one look at their attackers and then let them through. The lockdown was over almost before it began. The infected moved systematically through the facility, doing whatever it was they did to infect other patients and staff before moving on, either trailing the newly converted, or leaving them, eyeless, in a pile of blood. Bob still had one ace in the hole though, the entire institution was surrounded by a sheer wall, with a single metal gate that let vehicles in or out.  Bob remotely closed and locked the gate, and this one couldn't be opened with the institution master key, only from the electronic controls in the room in which he sat. 

It only took one patient to reach the gate before the jig was up. As soon as a single one saw that they were locked in, every infected person in the institution turned as one and started walking to the control room where Bob and Carl had hastily been barricading the door. At first Bob thought they might have a chance of surviving until the police arrived, unable to open the barricaded door with the master key the infected made a few attempts to simply push it open before stopping and standing perfectly still. Bob held onto his hope for mere moments though, before he looked at the video feeds. Every person in the facility was standing perfectly still, motionlessly, unblinkingly, staring into the security cameras. Staring through the camera's. And Carl was staring back.

Bob almost managed to kill Carl before he tore down the barricade. It was with bloody hands that he covered his eyes as the infected walked into the room, and it was with surprising gentleness that his hands were pulled away. Susan stood in front of him, staring into his eyes. And he stared back, at first with horror, and then with wonder, and then as one of them. 

When the police arrived 15 minutes later Bob stood motionless, staring, by the open gate to welcome them.

\-\-\-\-\-

"Well, never let anyone say I can't admit when I'm wrong."

"So you'll support it then? My treatment?"

"Yes, it was very impressive, these are the most promising results I've seen in millennia. However, an overwhelming violent response is still possible, we don't want to destabilize the rest of the fragments."

"That will only be a problem if we let the current phase of the treatment run its course. I believe that if we introduce additional treatment points the chaos it produces among the fragments will be intense, but shortlived."

"You have projections?"  


"Of course."

"All right then, proceed."