I felt cold and numb. I could not even feel the warm blood on my fingers anymore.
The intricate carvings being slowly consumed by fire in front of me was a dim haze.
All the minute detail slowly fading, growing ever dimmer as my eyes failed me.
And then there was something else. A calling.

Movement. I was moving.  
Not really knowing where I was going or how. Certianly not by the power of my body. I had left that behind.
Suddenly I found myself amidst a crowd in front of illustrious gilded gates. I moved through the crowd sensing confusion around me.
Yet I did not feel confused. Something was calling me, drawing me towards the gates. Beyond them.
I moved through the immense gates left ajar, creaking on their hinges.

"My, my." a hissing voice croaked somewhere. "I did not expect to find you here!"  
"What is this place?" I asked in a weak voice, not stopping to wait for an answer.  
"Don't you know? This is heavenly paradise!" the voice replied, a snicker mixing in between the words.
"Though I understand if you don't recognise it. Not everything here is as it should be."

Barely noticing my surroundings I kept going, moved by the mysterious calling.
"The gates should have been guarded for instance. And the welcoming comittee is nowhere to be found..." the voice continued, barely contained laughter slipping in once or twice.
"But I suppose they have other matters on their minds!"
As the croaking turned into hysterical laughter, I realised the voice was coming from a shadow. A shadow cast by me.
The surprise was almost enough to stop me in my tracks, but then the calling drew me on.

I kept moving through empty spaces, not seeing anyone around me until an enormous palace emerged in front of me. That was where I was going.

As I closed the distance an uneasy feeling settled in. I did not belong here.

"Go on." the hissing voice urged. "You know you want to."
"What lies within?" I asked hesitantly. "See for yourself! Noone's going to stop you..." the maniacal voice exclaimed.

I slowly moved in between the creamy white pillars. The feeling of unease weighed heavy upon me. But the calling kept growing clearer, urging me on.

Though I had never been here before, I immedeiately realised that something was amiss.  
Scratches and scorch marks adorned some of the pillars. Dark liquid marked the floor.

A space opened up in front of me. I had finally reached my destination.
A group of figures where kneeling atop a plateau in front of a beautiful and imposing throne.  
On the stairs leading up to the plateau numerous hellish and demonic creatures were strewn about, gore and viscera obscuring the golden markings on each step.
Quiet sobs echoed throughout the throneroom.

"By god..." I whispered as I fell to my knees.
"The ritual worked!"

EDIT: Formatting