I dont know how to do the spoiler thingies on mobile, so just a warning, I intend to use a bit of profanity in the following story. If it makes you uncomfortable or you just dont like profanity... I'm sorry but I cant block it out.
(If someone can tell me how I can totally edit those in and itll be righteous)


Myth: Good People go to Heaven.

Truth: Heaven doesn't even fucking exist.

Myth: Bad People go to Hell.

Truth: Earth is Hell and the next life is even worse.

Myth: People can help to Heal the Planet.

Truth: Humans are the cause of everything wrong on earth.


Ch:1
Several thousand years ago, some guy named America fought the entire world in a dangerous war for something called petrol. It ended with nearly the entire planet being burnt to a crisp. Humans, like the insatiable they are, survived. Sadly. Unkempt things that take and take and take and give nothing back. They're worse than a disease, they're a plague, a cancer on the face of the Earth. That's why, when the Humans were all but annihilated, we came back.

We've had many names over the ages, tossed through Human culture and literature. Alfr, Dryadalis, ælf, and Elf, to name a few. We've hidden from the brutish beasts for so long, they had almost forgotten that we exist altogether.

Now, in this post rehabilitation world, they are attempting, once again, to be the primary species. And that is something we cannot allow. My Name is Pêr of the Äußereste, and this is how I (Almost) destroyed the world. (Again)


The mountains that bordered the Scorched Plains loomed ominously overhead as the First and Third Kader marched towards them. All around them the Earth cried out. Flowers tried to grow, and wilted and died before they could live. Animals dared not burrow into the soil, and, in the more dangerous regions, there were tales of deadly creatures with razor claws, and gnashing sharp teeth. It isn't a very hospitable place, but the Äußereste called it home.

Other Ljósálfar preferred sunny meadows and forests, but the strategists of the Äußtereste believed that the mountains would provide protection that would be invaluable against the human scourge. They weren't wrong. The other Light-Elf clans were pretty much wiped off the face of the Earth, and we haven't had any contact with the Dökkálfar, our Deep-Elf neighbors under the mountains, or the Svaltálfar, the Dark-Elf warrior clans to the south.

'You're slowing us down, "Halbrasse"!' My thoughts halted as I snapped back to reality. Quickly following the insult, the blunt end of a spear struck me in the ribs. 

'Hey, that shit hurts! Cut it out!' I angrily Express my contempt for the other recruit's actions. The pain slowly dissipated, and, as our march back to UnterStadt continued, I lost myself in thought once again.

As long as I can remember, I've never been seen as a true member of the Äußtereste. Even though König Paracelsus adopted me into the Royal Family, I dont think anyone will fully accept me for who I am. To be absolutely honest, I often find my own existence to be insufferably abhorrent. My name is Pêr, and I'm Half Dökkálfar, half Human.

Ch2:
The sprawling streets of UnterStadt are not a place that you want to get lost in. Many Dökkálfar fled here after their kingdoms fell, and crime is a commonality amongst many of the lower classes. If you're lucky, you can pass through the streets with little to no incident. Being a recruit of the Royal Guard doesn't hurt your chances either. If you're unlucky, you'll find yourself in a dark, cramped alleyway, pinned to a wall by a Svaltálfr. And depending on how bad your luck is, this particular Svaltáfr might have a giant scar diagonally splitting his face. He might also have chosen to not cleanse his teeth for the past month, and chose this exact moment to show you exactly how nasty one month of improper dental hygiene can be. As it turns out, I am exactly that unlucky.

'I know you're the halbrasse.' The Svatáfr croaked. His voice came out as little more than a whisper, but the sound seemed to echo throughout my head. 'I know you. I know you and now I'm going to kill you.' His putrid breath, emitting from his mouth that was less than a foot away from my face almost made me gag. He knew who I was, he was able to single me out from a crowd of other recruits. It's too bad that he didn't know that I was already trained in Dökartus. That knowledge might've saved a lot of lives.

I reached out with my shadow, and aimed for the ligaments in his knees. Sharper than a sword, my shadow could cut through almost any defense, and this Svaltálfr wasn't even wearing full plate.

'You should've cleansed your teeth,' I don't know why, but I couldn't refuse the chance to get a couple of last words in before I killed my opponent. 'It's a shame to die with a mouth as dirty as yours.' My shadow ripped into his knees, severing the ligaments holding him upright. He fell in screams of pain, which changed inti screams of panic and terror as my shadow wrapped around his neck, and twisted. Even as I prepared to leave the alley, two more Svaltáfar dropped from the roofs, blocking both ends of the passage. 

Thinking fast, I reached out to my shadow again, and attempted to summon a dökvættr, a shadow being. This is a highly illegal act for a Dökkálfr to attempt, because spirits are often uncontrollable and almost always maelovent, but seeing as how if I didn't, I would be skinned and then burnt alive. I was prepared to take the full blame for my actions, but what actually happened, the world was not ready for.

'Hello there. My name is Bob. Bob Ross. What's your name?' I stood there, dumbfounded. 

'"A human???? I summoned a damned human??"' I thought, as I looked the man over. His most definable feature, I concluded, was his big hair. He glanced behind me, and even as I turned to look, he launched himself at the Svaltáfr, wielding nothing but a stick with hair at the end of it. He waved the little stick around, seemingly at random, but in a few seconds, a stockade appeared out of nothing, and a moment later, the Svaltáfr slipped on a yellow fruit, and tripped into the trap. Straightening up, he waived the stick again, and the stockade turned into some form of torture device, with a blade held up by a rope. The human dökvætr spoke again.

'You're an evil little thing, aren't you?' He calmly asked the Svaltáfr. 'It's a shame,' he sighed, then cut the rope. The Svaltáfr's severed head rolled towards his partner who stood, paralyzed with fear at the opposite end of the alley. He took one look at the severed head of his kinsman and ran away. 

'Who are you?' I asked the Human.

'My name is Bob Ross, and I'm here to paint a brighter world, by any means possible.'

As we walked away from the alley, he explained to me that, when he died, he awoke to find himself in a place that he called 'Purgatory.' He described it as a lawless place, where time doesn't exist, and he described the tortures he endured by man, álfar, and demons. He made it his goal to rid the world of evil, by sending them to the place that I had just summoned him from. I didn't realize it then, but this was not a good thing.