John did not find his domain until a ripe age of twenty-three at the faithful pizzareia. Even then, his life was virtually unchanged, because really, what use is a pinball wizard besides bragging rights on his occasional nights out or the satisfaction of overflowing the high score?  That is what John and everybody believed, and so he continued his current career as a theoratical physicist.  Until They arrived. 

They seemed to have walked right out of an 80's alien movie. They brought no diplomacy nor commerce, only death and destruction.  With all of humanity's magic, the tide was against them; years of peace have led most domains to become utility oriented rather than war. Most have lost hope until what later became known as the Reclamation Day.  Following their path of conquest, They finally arrived at the doorstep of John's hometown. As he calmly awaits his end, an idea that John has been brewing subconsciously materialized in a spark of ingenuity. 

What defines a pinball machine?  Is it the bright lights and jovial music?  Or the meandering paths guiding the ball through the machine?  No, to John, all a pinball machine needs is a ball, a target, and flippers. As their fleet looms over the panicking town, John imagined the entire universe as the most grandiose pinball machine, with steel balls of photon, alpha particle, and gamma rays ricocheting off each other in an eternal game of pinball that began with the Big Bang and will end with the heat death of the universe.  Steadying his hand, he took aim at the undefeated invaders, and fired. With the universe as his flippers, the fleet was obliterated within seconds, as an unstoppable force pierced through their hull like butter and crashed any dreams of conquest. 

When the dust settled, They had been chased out of the solar system. No matter where they run or hide, the Ball always finds them, initially bouncing off buildings, than meteors, and finally planets. John was no longer just a pinball wizard, he is now the myth, the legend, the pinball space cadet. 