The sun is descending from its afternoon peak. 

Though it's already evening, the daylight still burns bright nonetheless. No more does the sky glow brilliant crimson, like it did when Richard was a boy, barely the height of the upright piano in Gertrude's bedroom. When he used to spend every day running up the hills, the wind tousling his silken black hair, the celestial light glimmering in his emerald eyes.

Now, the little boy has become a hulking 46 year old, sadistically muscled, at least a head and a half taller than me, with the eyes of a warrior and an appetite to match. He's grown physically, for sure, but deep down, he's still ever the quiet one, preferring the company of animals and books to the rowdy vagabonds down the hill.

Recently, though, he's been a lot more pensive than usual. As recent as a year ago, he used to simply smile at the Red Guards, as terrifying as they were with their spiked uniforms and great bastard swords. Which was already considered quite the act; even I, a 73 year old man, with my hair turned to silver and my teeth turned to gold, am not excused from the customary bows and well wishes. I will always remember the time when old Josiah lost his thumbnails when they sensed the sarcasm in his greeting.

But now... he flat out ignores them. Given his size, I'd say those guards are more willing to let it slide than with a decrepit, wiry relic like me. Still, it's remarkable, how anyone even dares to walk past one of those guys without so much as a nod. Especially considering how they subjugated just about everybody under the sun ten years ago, and have not loosened their grip one bit. 

What terrifies me the most is the idea of what dear Richard is planning now. I definitely can't miss the fact that he's devoured every single book in the library seven times over. Neither can I forget that a band of bright-eyed ruffians came knocking on the door in the middle of the night last week and asked if Richard was ready to come along. 

Or that he disappeared yesterday morning, leaving me alone in this godforsaken house with a one-line note.

"Going for adventure."

An adventure for what or to where, I'm not willing to hazard a guess.

I can only hope that he's not trying to run off on some crazy monkey business to fight off the evil tyrants or anything like that. They dragged Gertrude away in the night simply because someone spotted her reading one of those damned Revolution pamphlets circulating in the shadows. Who knows what they'd do to Richard if he were caught doing all that. 

Dear Gertrude... She'd always seen something in Richard that I've consistently failed to notice. Something about his eyes, she'd always tell me, about the way they glittered. She always insisted that there was something there. Not a majestic, palatial thing, but little embers in his irises, a flame of loftier aspiration.

Perhaps I should have doted on him more. Now that he's on his adventure, there's nothing more that can be done. Gone is my hope of ever seeing the little embers in his irises. Whether they mean anything, like she always believed despite my dismissal, we can only wait and see.

There's nothing you can do against the Red Guards. They come like spectres in the night, and none can withstand the wrath of their Master. 

Even now, as I write in this diary, I cannot help but hear the sound of incessant and ironclad footsteps, climbing up the stone stairs, headed straight for my front door. Whether they are coming for me as punishment for my son's sins, or whether it is merely the sound of my faculties failing me, I do not know.

I can only hope that what I write here will not go to waste. Perhaps the hand of posterity, tender and gentle, will one day pick up this book, the diary of an old, decrepit father, who, at this moment, wants nothing better than to just lie down and slumber forever. 

But I sleep not in vain.

I sleep with the hope that my dear son may one day grasp the hand of posterity and guide it to a better world.

...

The door is open.

She was right after all.

---

Hopefully, this isn't too cheesy.