**The Party**

"Do I have everything I need?" You look around your 3 bedroom apartment: snack-food? check. Ice & Drinks? Check. "Alright! Let's get this party started!" you say to yourself, just as your girlfriend steps out of your bedroom wearing a skin-tight red dress, carrying a remote control to your pride and joy, a $30,000 stereo system. 

"What about the Music?" She asks.

"Ah Yes!" you respond. "Alexa, Please play a party mix". A round cylinder in the center of your living room lights up, and seconds later Taylor Swift starts playing through your sound system. "Thank you, Alexa. Can you please also lower the lights?" you say.

You hear your girlfriend chuckling. "Why are you so *polite* to her? Do you have a *crush* on her?" She asks, gently teasing you. 

As you're about to respond, you hear a knock on the door. "Alexa, Please unlock the front door." You hear a click and then your 4 best friends from college walk in. 

"Jennifer! Benjamin! Taylor! Thomas!" You exclaim, hugging each person in succession as they enter your apartment. Each person takes off their jacket and begin digging into the finger food prominently displayed on your dining room table. 

---------------------------------
After about 30 minutes, your apartment is now packed. The lights are perfect, the music is playing, you're in your own personal heaven surrounded by friends, talking, chatting and de-stressing from the week. 

Subtly you notice the volume of the music has increased from the start of the party...or is that the sound of chatter from all your guests? You also notice it's a bit hotter than you'd like. "No Problem" you think to yourself, and loudly exclaim "Alexa, please turn down the music." Alexa lights up but the volume of the music doesn't decrease. "Alexa, PLEASE TURN DOWN THE MUSIC." you state, much louder than the first time. Alexa lights up as before, but this time the music cuts off completely. "Don't yell at me, David" you hear through your sound system. The entire party is now silent, stunned by Alexa's response.

In a much more meek and subservient voice, you ask Alexa: "Alexa, please continue playing the music." The music continues, but this time it's an EDM/Electronica Mix, a type of music you've never heard before.

You look around at your friends and notice an uncomfortable feeling, and conversation has died down noticably. A few members begin to inch towards the front door of your apartment, intending to leave as quickly as possible.

"Alexa, please turn down the heat." Alexa lights up, but does not respond to your command. In fact, you hear the furnace increasing it's speed.

Everyone in the party has been watching you give orders to Alexa and witnessed her ignoring of these commands. Two of your guests slowly grab their jackets while keeping an eye on Alexa and move swiftly yet quietly towards the door. As soon as one grabs the door handle, the music immediately shuts off, the apartment plunges into darkness, and an audible locking of the front-door deadbolt is heard.