Fuck. I truly dread fall Saturdays in Alabama. Twenty years ago, Tuscaloosa was just a quiet college town in central Alabama, and a great place to call home.  But now every other Saturday it turns into a Mecca of tailgating zealots that believe Nick Saban is a reincarnation of sweet baby Jesus himself.  "Fucking move", I yell at the Crimson Winnebago in front of me as I slam on my brakes. The big game starts in an hour and Game-day traffic around here is just the worst. At this point It's pretty clear that there's an accident ahead. Fuck. I've already been tardy 2 times to work this month, and I just can't deal with this right now. With 11 minutes to go I decide I'm better off on foot. I pull my small Civic on to the side of the 359-N, grab my orange apron out of the backseat, and I'm off.

It was a hard half a mile hike but I made it only 5 minutes late . I was greeted at the door by a rush of cool air and Manuel, who is the Shift Manger on duty. I was happy to see his face since Mark was way more likely to ring me out but Manuel was cool. "Hey, I'm going to need you to stack some more styrofoam coolers in the front". Of course. If there is anything you're guaranteed to sell a ton of on Game day in Alabama is Keystone Light and styrofoam coolers.  As I stack the coolers I notice that we're running low on our portable grills as well so I call in to Manuel to have the forklift come around with fresh inventory. 

"Both our Forklift drivers are out", Manuel calls back in through the radio. "You finished your Forklift certifications last week didn't you?" I had but I replied with some uncertainty because there's a lot of foot traffic around today. "Listen," Manuel retorted, "If you want Mark to value you as a worker you're going to have to pull some weight around here". And in this case he meant literal weight, as in the form of portable grills.

I begrudgingly find the Forklift and drive it around the back to pick up a stack of Foreman Gas grills. Everything seemed to be going alright, until I backed hard into a shelf of door panels, toppling it over with incredible force. I call in on the radio only to hear static at the bottom of the pile. Fuck..Manuel was pronounced dead at the scene.

That day I learned Manuel was the son of the Minister of finance in Venezuela, who upon learning about the death of his estranged first-born went temporarily insane. [Shortly after, the father instituted a fixed currency exchange rate that ran the country into the ground](http://www.reuters.com/article/venezuela-economy-idUSL2N17822X) . Anyway, that's the story of how I unknowingly fucked up the Venezuelan economy by coming into work.

Edit: Thanks for the constructive criticism guys. Never really saw myself posting on r/writingprompts but as an Alabamian I had to give it a shot. 