"Warning! BEING right damaged. Authorities summoned," flashed on my HUD.

This had happened before. The bionic eye implants they gave us sometimes stopped working every 10 years or so. Sounds like a bigger deal than it is. Some nice folks would come and rush me to the Wellness Center who would get me fixed up. I would be back to tip top shape in no...

"We're through," I heard as I scanned my HUD for carbon life forms. 


"Start walking and turn down that street. We've turned your GTS off so they won't be able to follow you. But you have to go now." A different voice said

I just stood there. Was I crazy? 

"Who is this?"

"We don't have time for this. You have 57 seconds til the FF get there."

"So what? They are our allies. They are our Freedom Force. And why did you turn off my tracking system. How will they find me?"

"I forgot how whitewalled mainstreamers are but I get the needing proof. Makes me trust you more. So here's something to trust me."

It was like playing an AR in my HUD, except it didn't have the glimmer. The buildings disappeared and I could still see where people were inside them. Our clothes were all gone too. There was a lady sitting in midair where the bank was and a man scrubbing himself, but there was no soap or water and no shower and definitely no house.
Everything was gray. And I wasn't outside. I was in a giant building. No one seemed to notice we were naked. I started moving down what used to be the block.

"Good, now turn left."

I did, if just to get some answers. "What did you.. How? What is going on?"

"We turned your perception filter off. You have 6 seconds to hide."

"Hide where?" 

There was nothing. I looked around and things came back into existence, but not all my colors. It was still gray and the buildings were see through but I could see where things were.

 "Thanks." 

I hid between two perfectly spaced out buildings. Everything was spaced in a grid with enough spaced between them for the gliders. 
Why am I hiding from the ffops? What is happening? I thought.

"We are saving you. You are the first one we've been able to get to in a long time."


Could they hear my thoughts?


"We can't choose this for you. Its up to you."


 I heard the Gliders out on the street slow to a stop.


"Do you want to stay here,"


There must be at least three of them. What is going on?


"or do you wanna be free?"


I thought about it. 


"Show me the way."