Keys? Check. Wallet? Check. Phone? Where the hell is my damn phone? Oh. Right. In my left hand, as I search its usual pocket with my right. It's embarrassing the number of times that I've done that. I check the time, slip the phone into my pocket, then immediately take it out again, because I've already forgotten the time. About quarter to seven. I open my front door, and nearly suffer a heart attack.

A tank. There's a tank in my driveway. This can't be good. I'm tempted to just turn around, and go back to bed. Very tempted. But, that's not how the car works. It seems to take into account the reaction that I'll have when it changes. So, no matter what, I'm gonna need a tank today.

I clamber in, and sit down behind the wheel. I'm not sure what most tanks are like on the inside, but my car has decided to use an interface very similar to a regular car's. Maybe so that I don't have to learn something completely new, or maybe because tanks are just like that. I dunno.

I start driving to work, waiting patiently in traffic, wondering what would happen. Perhaps someone has found out about my car, and I'm going to be ambushed today. Maybe I need it to intimidate someone. Maybe I just need a tank for some mundane reason. I finally get to work, and get a lot of odd looks walking to the building from my tank. I make it to half nine by the time my boss pulls me up.

"OK. A tank. Explain."

Now I'm really sweating. Usually my car changes stay under the radar, but today, that was impossible. Of course, I couldn't tell him the truth, he would never believe me. Or would he? Now, there's a thought. After all, I do work for a film-maker.

"Sir, I have an idea for a movie, but I know that the idea wouldn't get to you if I just proposed it. So, I needed to grab your attention, and my friend had a tank that I could borrow. You see, the idea is a guy, who has this car, which turns into whatever he's going to need for the day, and one day, it turns into a tank."

I couldn't believe that I had managed to say all of that, and keep a poker face.

"Hmm. That sounds like something that belongs on Writing Prompts. But, it also sounds like something that might just make a lot of money. Especially if we say that you driving your friends tank in was some early advertising. Yeah, this could work. If this gets the go ahead from my seniors, then I'll make sure to recommend you for a promotion. Keep up the good work, uh..."

"Jenkins, sir."

"Keep up the good work Jenkins."

He walks away, and I slowly let my body relax. I make it through the rest of the day without incident. I drive home, and park my car, sorry, tank, in my drive way. I switch on the news, and a couple minutes later, I hear the tank's real purpose.

"And in other news, two heavily armed, potential kidnappers have been captured by the police. They claim that they were going to kidnap the star of the new series of *Earthbound*, David White, but that they were startled by a tank in the car park, and were then detained by site security, until the police arrived. When taken in, it was clear that they did not have the proper licences for their weaponry. Meanwhile, downtown..."

I stop listening after that, because the rest doesn't really matter. My car saved a star today, and that was the important part. I turn off my TV, and walk out to my tank. I put my hand on it, and whisper, "Thank you." I turn and head back inside, wondering what vehicle will be waiting outside for me tomorrow.