The thing about being old, really old, is that when the time finally comes to leave this world, the world you grew up in will have left you a long time since. Archmage Prasutagus was definitely old. For nearly two millenia Prasutagus had defended the earth from mystical enemies, thanks to the power of his bloodline. For he is descended from Boudica herself.

Several lifetimes ago, he took his own name, Merlin. But now he preferred to go by the name of his birth. He found himself, so long now from the time of his youth, missing his mother dearly. He would be with her soon.

As the founder and head of the Royal Sorcerers of Londinium, he had protected the island of Britain from enemies for generations. But here, deep beneath the city in the ruins of the modest city, within the headquarters of the Royal Sorcerers he was powerless. Britain lie nearly defenseless now. soon the wards and mystic traps he laid hidden upon the island would fail.

Archmage Prasutagus head of the Royal Sorcerers of Londinium struggled to sit up in bed, and shortly his manservant entered and led him out of his quarters to the central chamber. Most of the chamber was taken up by the great round table. The same one from legend, for this was the real Camelot, buried beneath the bones of the greatest city of the world. It was surprisingly full. The mages who would normally be out on assignment protecting the island had been called back from service.

At the far end of the table sat the prince. Older than the last time. They always get older. Prasutagus still remembered his visits with Queen Elizabeth fondly. Both Elizabeths, actually. And the insufferable Charles, whose lack of hubris lead to his downfall and the rise of the black mage Cromwell, a rogue within Prasutagus' own organization. And distantly, he remembered the young Arthur, whom he molded into a capable king who founded this most remarkable empire. This would be the last.

The prince looked pensive, and concerned. Prasutagus was his friend, and like a second father to the man, although he was older than the Royal house itself. "I received your memo, Prasutagus, is there anything my family can do for you... to ease your...?" He wasn't sure he was ready to admit that his friend was truly dying.

"No, your highness. But you must understand the full implications of what will happen. As I said, when a sorcerer dies, what magic of theirs is left in the world is undone. All of the wards and shields will fall. You will be left defenseless."

The prince looked around at all the mages in the room, many were also his friends. The entire royal family supported their mission on numerous occasions. "I understand that, but surely the sorcerers here will be up to the task." He pointed across the table towards a young mage, "Why, I watched Miss Persephone single-handedly defend the Thames from the Leviathan and repair the tidal shield with precision. It is stronger than ever."

Persephone looked downcast towards her hands resting in her lap. The fight against the Leviathan had been mighty. The great beast ravaged the coast and blasted the magical shield guarding the river against the darkness with enough force to shatter windows for miles. The Leviathan had nearly won. It was then that Prasutagus knew his time was near. The shield had barely held. A shield that had been impervious to a thousand blows had shattered after only three.

Prasutagus sighed with resignation. He must choose his words carefully. This was where his legacy would live or die. "Persephone and the other sorcerers have been invaluable to me. Without them, our nation would have never survived as long as it has." He gestured around the table at the many senior mages present. The mages nodded sagely, none saying a word. Slowly they each stood up in turn and looked expectantly towards Prasutagus.

He considered them his friends, family even. They had stood by his side as he fought the unceasing hordes of demons and devils that threatened the world. He would miss them, just as he missed his own family who had died hundreds upon hundreds of years ago. However this truly was the end. If he was to give these people hope at survival, then he must swallow his pride and give up all of the securities and comforts that he had afforded himself these lonely years.

"if our world is to survive any further you must find a new sorcerer. I believe there is a young girl who might save you all. Like I did centuries ago. Your family must begin the search for her now."

The prince looked bewildered. Surrounded by so many powerful mages in one room, each more powerful than a battalion of soldiers. There were over a hundred Royal Sorcerers. The idea that a young girl would be a match for them, or a replacement for the man who used to be known as Merlin seemed preposterous.

"How could all of these sorcerers pale in comparison to a little girl? How could a hundred sorcerers not match the power of one?"

Prasutagus' manservant gently draped his robes over his shoulders as Prasutagus weaved a spell he had committed to memory generations ago, never having the courage to cast it. His magic would be undone either willingly or upon his death. Now, it would be both. One by one the sorcerers around the table bowed their heads low and faded into twinkling stars and emptiness. As his manservant touched his shoulder as if to say farewell, he too disappeared.

"Because, your highness, until now there has ever only been one sorcerer. I am sorry." Tears welled in his eyes. He could help no further. His power faded as quickly as the setting sun's last rays vanished.

"Find the girl, she is your only hope."

Merlin, the Sorcerer of Londinium, closed his eyes and drew his final breath. The shields fell. Darkness is coming. Somewhere, a young girl will discover that the darkness is coming for her.