EDIT: 2nd and 3rd parts are connected to this comment :)

*well... I've just about done it. I managed to do that whole travel thing everyone tries to do after college* 

Seth thinks, ripping his bag from the overhead bin. Afterall this is the last time he'll be doing it. 

He makes his way to baggage claim. 

Spotting his bags, stuffed, worn, decorated with various things from his travels.

*Buenos Aires. Some kinda town. Still dunno why the fuck dad had to move here for the company though. Now where?*

He glances around at the signs and spots the one marking where customs is. All the officers and the flow of traffic should have givin it away, but Seth was exausted.

*man. I won't miss this shit. Prying through my stuff. Thinking I've got drugs or something. After Amsterdam I've had my fill for a while* He sniggers to himself.

Seth walks through the customs line, the lady at the counter nods and gestures him forward. Upon seeing his passport she speaks up with a light Argentinean accent.

"Welcome to Buenos Aires, what is the purpose of your trip?" 

"Business, I start my job in a week." 

"How long do you plan to stay?" 

"Not sure, I've got a work visa with my... company." 

"Why the hesitation?" She asks, suddenly roused from her usual apathy.

"Its my father's company, well... co-owner, it's just odd calling it "mine"." 

Nodding in approval the woman asks. "What is or will be your occupation?" 

"Sustainable energy research and development." 

"Where will you be staying?"

"With my parents. For the time being." 

A sigh erupting from the woman, displeased with Seth's answer. "Where?"

"Oh, shit, sorry, theres a few suits on the Helios grounds, ill be in one of those." 

"Anything to declare?" 

"A machete from Nepal, two ice pics from Antarctica, Boomerang from Australia, a little wood carved hyena from South Africa, but it may smell like jerky, and some really awesome whisky from Ireland, if you'd like to have a drink with me after your shift." A sly smile spreading across his face.

Another huff and a few stamps later Seth was on his way. Only a brief moment of the food dog smelling his carved hyena religiously.

*Born on a cruise ship. Raised in the states. And all 7 continents including Antarctica before I'm 25. This is the life most people dream of. I just don't want NOW to be my peak.* 

Just as he was rounding the corner to exit I man scuttles confront of him. Like a vulture salesperson. 

"My dear Seth. I urge you do not proceed, out those doors. Atlantis awaits." 

Caught off guard Seth pauses. And before he could come up with an answer the man was gone and a ticket was in his hand. 

Gold leafed and apparently hand written, with an ink that seemed to almost glow blue. 

*I don't start for a week... right? Dad didn't explicitly say I had to be there today. Just before work started. This place may be like a new Ibeza or something* a small puff of air escaping his lips. Realizing the humor of the situation. *fuckin Atlantis, what an uncreative name for an island paradise* 

Seth looked down at the ticket. 

**Gate A-13: DEPARTURE TIME 1300** 

*Military time? The Hell?*

Glacing down at his watch. 12:45

*Fuck!* 

Running through the airport to the A wing to find the 13th hub. 

*1.2.3. 4...5.6...7.8.9..10.11.12... no 13...No 13!* 

Panic setting in, heart quickening, till by pure luck Seth locks eyes with the man. The very same one who gave him the strange ticket. Has he walks over the man walks through a doorway. Leading to the runway of the airport itself and not a boarding tunnel.

Seth following catches the door just before it shuts,l by his foot, and stumbles, the wooden figurine jostles out of his bag and falls to the floor clattering over to the edge of the plaform a drop that would surely break it. 

And gets caught.

The man. Seth now noticing his eyes as being the same odd blue as the ink on the ticket holding the figure. 

"Wouldn't want this to break now would we Seth? Come, let me help you with your bags. We have quite the flight ahead of us." Gesturing to a black Learjet with a pearlecent blue undertone and gold accents similar to the scales of a fish.

As Seth settled he realized there was no one else on their way to the plane. Just he and the man. 

"Anyone else coming... uh. Sir? " 

"You can call me Finnigan or Fin. Either or." 

"Anyone else coming Fin?" 

But the engines were on and the taxing had begun. 

*that serves as an answer Seth thought*

Turning the in flight t.v. to the gps channel to see their flight path Seth noticed how it ended in the middle of the Atlantic.  No where near any island was that he could remember.

*But what do I know, I haven't slept great in the last 24 hours due to the plane seats from Australia to Argentina* 

The words of captain Fin lulling Seth to sleep.

"Just remember, Atlantis hasn't had a newcomer in a very long time, as a result the people are highly excitable, but don't venture beyond the city walls. For Atlantis is still a very dang-." 

Dreams of bonfires, and beautiful girls, house music and lights flooded Seth's mind.

What awaited him was far more spectacular. 





