"Wait! Wait! WAIT!" I beg the mountain of a demon escorting me to the room. He rolls his cat-like eyes, and loosens his coal-black silken tie before addressing me.

"What? I already explained it to you: no fire, no brimstone, no eternal damnation. Just you, a chair, and a screen displaying your miserable existence before you write your essay and then go off to Heaven."

"I know I know!" I shout desperately, trying to appeal to the demon any way I can. "And you have my solemn vow that I will sit through every second of it, including the viewer commentary you warned me against, but holy shit man..."

"Language." He states firmly, standing to show off his chiseled, crimson physique.

"...Right. Look, I'm starving, dude. How does the food situation work down here?" I look up at him, falling to my knees in the position I used to pray in.

"You're...hungry?" A confused look fell on his brow. "Hold on." Grabbing me by the collar of the way too tight suit I was buried in, he pulls out an old school Nokia flip phone from his shirt pocket and dialed a few numbers before bringing it to his ear.

"Yeah, I got an RD down here...no, not one of the rare 'unworthy' ones...says he's hungry...glitch in the system?...when?...alright, thanks...yeah, you too...Oh, and tell Joan..." An audible beep came from the earpiece of the phone as the demon gave an exhausted sigh. He flipped his phone closed and put it back down in his pocket, setting me back down and giving me a slightly annoyed look.

"Just so there are no more hiccups: it's the number 23 from Great Huang with extra sauce and no peppers as well as a Jim Beam and Coke?"

I looked up, surprised and excited.

"Yeah that's my fav-"

"Good." The demon said quickly, throwing me into a nearby room with my name at the top. I landed on a soft carpet with a gentle *thud*, before hearing the demon speak once more.

"The food will be here in about an hour. Until then, I suggest you get comfortable and start watching your life."

"But wait, what about-"

The door slammed shut, echoing throughout the small room.

"...when I get hungry again." 

I let out a soft sigh, taking in my surroundings. For the first time, I notice everything feels...familiar. Sure enough, it was one of my few happy places: the living room of my bachelor pad from my early years in college, complete with the overbearing scent of Febreeze and a kick-ass stereo setup for a thrift store TV.

I plop down on the beaten sofa I bought at a yard sale nearly 60 years ago and reach for the remote who's very existence depended on several layers of electricians tape. Pressing the nearly broken power button, I begin the movie that would be my ticket into Heaven.

It started out simple enough: a first person view of me being born that I had no memory of. The sounds of my cries and the looks from my parents, grandparents, and doctors as I dangled upside down as a newborn babe. Then the voices started.

*Wow, that's a big head.*

*Holy shit holy shit it's finally over.*

*Whew! I hope he doesn't stay that loud.*

To my surprise, there were no thoughts indicating disappointment at my existence. I smiled. I was off to a great start.