Rubbing your temples you look at the clock. Five minutes have slowly dripped by, while this guy keeps mind blasting “I KNOW YOU'RE LISTENING”. You thought you could sit this one out, most people just think this thought as a gag to themselves, but they truelly do hope to one day catch a telepath. But that would really only work on a young telepath or a newly awoken one. Aged telepaths have faced this countless times.

“I KNOW YOU'RE LISTENING”

'I need him to stop, this is pulsing,' its beginning to push on your lobe, the extra data and extra sound is beginning to make your ears ring. You can't get up to quickly or look disheveled. People who scream, 'I know you're listening,' often are paranoid and will investigate anyone suspicious to the point of insanity.

“I KNOW YOU'RE LISTENING”	

It was pounding crashing, smashing like waves on your thoughts. This was new, unlike any other thoughts you've encountered. It was like thunder in a phone booth. You can feel ropes beginning to snap as the uprights that hold your mind up are failing. A small amount of panic seeps into you mind. 'He needs to stop, but how'

“Excuse me miss,” you flag over the waitress who was leaning over your neighbor and chatting for a few minutes, she ignores or can't hear your. You shoot the sound of bones breaking into her mind, that always gets peoples attention. She shot up right as she looked as though she was pushed into ice water.

“Excuse me miss,” she waved off her friend, and turned a half smile to you, “Could you uh, just, um get me some water, cold water, ice water, a pitcher please, an..and a glass” The waitress cocked her sideways giving you a strange look.

“Yea of course,” you smile and taste the salt on your lips. Quickly you grab a napkin and dab your lips and for head

“I KNOW YOU'RE LISTENING, I KNOW YOU'RE LISTENING”

Echoing, echoing, echoing like a massive force that could crack apart stone into a new Grand Canyon. The booming of his voice splitting your mind.

“I knowIKNOWYOU'Reyou're listening i LISTENING, know you're listening I know Iyou're Knowlistenging You're i Listenging,” folding upon itself, the voice intensified in speed and sound like a carrousel of thought. Your mind split and spun, sweat rolled off your head, liquid ran down your face.

'I can't,' tears began to drip, so much pressure building, so loud the voice. You turn in a whirl to see your surroundings. Strips of Pollock colours fly by your vision past people laughing. Your vision going fish eyed, seeing massive skulls, slack jaws laughing gaping wide, slime covered eyeballs.

“I KNOW YOU'RE,” you see him, staring at a bowl of soup, “LISTENING” You both lock eyes, he stops, you shock.  

With panic and frantic impulse the man blasts in his own head what seems to be the sound of cannons and untuned guitars, woodwind instruments squeak, dogs whimpering and babies crying, the man rocks back and forth. All you feel is warmth and the dimness growing as you topple out of your seat. A man in black speaking into his wrist.

“Confirmed Tele, bring the schizo back,” blackness is taking you, you can see a pool of blood blossoming out around your site from the floor. You see the waitress bring the schizo the pitcher of water and pet his head softly. He sips the water and she slowly walks him to the back, petting his head.

“Good boy, she was listening to all of us,” you feel cold as something is jabbed into your neck.