The phone rattled my nightstand, pulling me out of a deep sleep with a gasp and a jerk. I scrambled, bleary-eyed, only to pull it cord and all crashing to the floor. I took a moment to sigh out a groan, long and full of all my dazed frustration, before tugging the rectangle of glass and plastic up by the cord. A swipe of my finger, no time to even glance at the screen, and I murmured a sleep-slurred greeting into the device.

"Mr. Barringsfield, this is Sally Buchanan with your insurance company, calling about the evidence you gave us earlier this week?" I rubbed at my eyes, laying back against the pillows as she spoke. Her voice was high, a bit whiny and with a distinct bostonian accent. She seemed more fitting for a pta than as an insurance salesman, atleast that's what my first instincts had told me. I was trying to do better about that- not listening to what the first voice said about a person.

"Hmm? Ah, yeah, the dash cam? Were you able to get a good look at what happened? I know it was facing forward and I got hit from the side, but I really was hoping it'd help... Maybe get things sped along." I pulled my hand back to eye the cracks in the ceiling, running from a spot near the door that was stained yellow from the rain. I really needed my car back.

"Well, yes, its quite helpful with showing us both your speed and the location of the car that hit you, however we did notice one issue with your statement. You told the officer you were alone in the car, yes?"

"Hmm? Oh, yeah. Just me. On my way home from a shift at work. I carpool sometimes, but that night I was going to... Well, I guess that doesn't matter. Why do you ask?"

"Well, Mr. Barringsfield, the footage you sent us contradicts that. Are you sure perhaps you didn't send us the footage from another accident you were in?"

I winced, slowly sitting up. There was a strange knot in my stomach forming, a slow sinking pit that threatened to pull me in. I felt the faint hint of sweat across my back, cold the instant it appeared. *There's no way.*

"Uh... M-maybe. I um... I'm gunna have to double check the clip I sent you, and see what's going on. I uh... Can I call you back?"

"Of course, Mr. Barringsfield. At your earliest convenience." Her voice held that sickly-sweet cordiality, and it only made my stomach sink lower. I couldn't help but think she didn't believe me.

The moment we hung up, I was leaping from my bed, the grogginess of waking quickly forgotten. My heart was racing, pounding, my breath picking up until I felt like I had a fever and had run a marathon simultaneously. My foot jiggled against the wires under my desk as my computer booted up. Too slow, too slow. Click on internet, click on mail, too slow, too slow. And then it booted, my email open. Sent, to Sally Buchanan, titled wreck footage 9/31/18. And there it was, the attached file. I'd sorted through the hours of footage, just to make sure I found the right clip. For it to be the wrong one was impossible- But only slightly less impossible than the alternative.

The video leapt up, the window opening with an orange caution cone in the corner, and in an instant it was playing. A street, dark from the night, periodically lit by the overhead orange haze of street lights, leaving halos on the black pavement. Ahead was the gas station to the right, the few cars waiting patiently to be filled beneath blinding blue-toned lights. To the left, in the parking lot across from the gas station and on the complete opposite side of the divided highway, a black pickup. It was as massive and as intimidating as it had seemed running into me- A heavy metal guard across its front grill, a pair of circular lights decorating its roof like a crown. I could see it didn't even pause at the stop sign, saw it breeze through as I drove straight.

And I hadn't had the audio on before. I always had it set to my headphones when I used my pc, and I hadn't thought to put them on when I first ran it. After all, I knew what I'd been doing. The radio was playing vaguely in the background, but the car had been silent. I had been alone.

I paused the video, slipped on the headphones, and restarted it. I heard what she had immediately.

"Too slow, too slow. Too slow, too slow. Gotta go quicker, never get anywhere. Too slow, too slow."

"Hah, look at that fatty at the gas station! Almost fat as you! I bet she's a real bitch. Still wouldn't give you a chance though."

"Daniel, where are we going? I'm scared... I want to go home... Everything's too big..."

"Too slow, too slow. Too slow, too slow." The last voice almost raised to a chorus, a shout, a cheer as the sudden clap of metal on metal exploded in the car and the whole view seemed to abruptly jerk to one side. The forward momentum was mostly stopped- I'd had time to slam the breaks- but the view slowly rolled to the curb, the vehicle lurching and hissing as it came to a rest. I could hear myself groan, shift, mutter incoherantly. I'd hit my head on the window, was halfways out of it, but the voices had all gone silent.

I sat back in my chair, my eyes widening with disbelief. My hands shook as I slowly reached for the bottle, sitting on the corner of my desk, orange with a white paper label. I threw it into the garbage can at my desk's side, receiving a giggle for my efforts.

"Never get all those years back... All those people who left you back... Too slow, too slow..." A voice crooned from a corner of my room. I wasn't sure if it was better or worse now- Someone else had heard them, and yet... I still couldn't get rid of them, and the damage had already been done. I sat in silence as the voices shrieked, wondering what I was supposed to believe.