Orange. All I see is orange. What am I looking at? I turn my head to see more and only then do I realize my face is on the ground. I become reoriented with my body, lift myself off the ground and try to comprehend where I am. The burnt sienna that had filled my vision was some dusty road that appeared endless. There were no signs of life anywhere around me, barring the pathetic, sparse vegetation.

Besides the road, there is nothing. Nothing except a backpack? The first thing I do is take the water bottle out of the side netting. Oh my god it was ice cold, a damn gift from God! I rubbed the outside of the bottle on my face before gulping down about half of the water. I immediately hated myself. Why would I do that? Who knows how long this has to last? I replace the bottle and open the main compartment of the bag. Loose in the bottom of the bag were coins. Not American coins though. Pesos? I thought back to my Spanish class. Yes, I was 90% sure they were pesos. Like, a lot of them.

I check the other pockets of the bag. In the smallest pocket I find a note. "Este es al examen final." It was signed Senora Rynard.

"Okay, what the fuck?" I asked out loud. The sudden noise cutting through the calm ambiance of outdoors was a touch unsettling. So my Spanish teacher dropped me off in Mexico? Is this a dream? The feeling in my bladder suggested otherwise, as I could not recall a single time I had taken the time to pee in one of my dreams.

For the life of me I couldn't remember how I got here, or where here is. Well... clearly there's nothing here. The road has to lead somewhere, right? I take no more than a dozen steps before I see a cloud of dust coming from the horizon. A car? Oh please God be a car.

 It was. It was a Jeep Wrangler. All black. The three men inside were wearing all black. The guns the held were all black. As they stopped in front of me I wished that cloud had been anything besides a car.

"Entrar en el carro," the man in the back barked. "iDate prisa!"

Well... I have a few options.
1) Get in the car and pray they don't steal my organs later
2) Pretend I don't understand anything and I'm just a lost tourist (the blonde hair and blue eyes should sell that pretty easily)
3) Make a run for it and hope they have the aim of storm troopers
4) Give them the money so they leave me alone.

"¡Por favor, no me hagas daño! ¡Te daré dinero!" I plead, opting for option number four.

"¿Cuánto cuesta?"

"No sé," I respond quietly. The men laughed at me.

"You are worth more than whatever you have in the bag. Get in." Oh good, they speak English.

I get in back next to the man barking commands. "Where are you taking me?"

"Cállate." I obliged.

We drove for what seemed like hours. We must have traveled over a hundred miles. This was not looking good for me. Just before sun down we arrived at a small hut. I almost vomited on our walk up to the door. What was inside?

A small, old woman with kind eyes and gray hairs. That's what. She was stirring something on the stove. She began speaking Spanish much too fast for me to catch. The men dispersed about the room and began doing whatever tasks she must have just ordered of them.

Moments later we were all sitting around the small kitchen table. The substance she was stirring was soup. She had placed a bowl of it in front of me. I didn't want to eat it but she stared at me until I felt it was safer to try the food than not. It was actually amazing.

"Tengo un juego," she said to me before sipping some soup.

"Juice?" I asked.

"She said 'juego' not 'jugo' pendeja." Barked the only man that had spoken so far. My brain, probably dehydrated, was past the point of translating. My empty stare seemed to upset him more.

"A game! She has a game to play!"

"Oh." I looked back to the old woman. She gave a soft grin and slight nod to confirm this. She began speaking more Spanish that I immediately gave up deciphering, as the man began translating over her.

"You have a thousand pesos in your bag. If you can get home completely on your own, you are free. If you need are help, as we will be watching, you must come back and stay here with Abuela. You will be used for the men."

"Used for the men?"

He gets up from the table and opens a door on the floor. I had a feeling it wasn't a wine cellar. He motioned for me to look down, so I stood up and came over. "Go down," he said. "It's okay. We give everyone a fair chance before locking them down here."

Of things he could've said to calm me, that wasn't one of them. I obliged, as they had guns anyway and could kill me at any given moment for shits and gigs. As I reached the bottom of the latter I saw five girls, each cuffed by their ankle to their bed. At the back of the room there were people behind a curtain. I was pretty confident they were... uh... you know.

"Solo quedan 7 minutos." The man called to the back of the room.

"Si," the man called back and kept thrusting.

Oh my god. This was a brothel. The man took me back upstairs and we rejoined the rest at the table. Once again he spoke over the woman's Spanish in English. "We will let you go in the morning. Do not try to leave before that. You have no time limit to make it to safety, as long as you don't need our help. But you will."

Wow... the games we played in Spanish class didn't seem so bad now.

[Hi! If you like this and want me to continue writing just let me know! I definitely need to work on a project for work now though.] 