
{Hell- Moments after learning of Waldo’s Discovery, The Devil/Lucifer turns around as flames erupt in front of him, watching as it eventually calms - opening a portal to view what Waldo is currently doing.}

{Waldo’s home: Waldo sleeps, as he turns over to his right side, dreaming of the solution -  a sudden revaluation wakes him, as he quickly rushes to his desk to write the problem that had been plaguing him, preventing him from attaining Immortality.

{Hell - All While...}

“Who the F*** does he think he is... Faust? No, I’m not having this.”

(Laughs angrily out loud)
“I bet he’s laughing at me...“

{Waldo in a focused state, continues to write out the revaluation he’s made - determined.}

“...Laughing inside thinking, I just pulled a fast one on Lu’y boy. “Boy!” how dare he think of me in such a belittling manner.” 

(The Devil calls out to his demon minion) “Caliente!”

(Caliente arrives, poping out of thin air)

Yes?

“How’s the hot tub, did you manage to fix what was wrong with it?”

Well, we now have running water, but it’s cold - like really, really cold. You won’t..

{Noticing Lu’s disappointment}

I’m sor...(interrupted)

I saved you...

(Timed) Yes sir.

I saved you from a life of torment...

Yes sir

...And selfish greed...

Yes sir

Lusting after women, as you committed one adult...

Yes sir

...terous act after another, checking off a bingo book for every deadly sin.

Yes sir

(Disappointingly nodding head)  I mean how long did you think you could live like that, being King of a dynasty, free of any moral responsibility. It’s shameful.

Yes sir

Disgusting. I mean you wouldn’t want to go back to that, hedonistic life with no structure. 

Yes sir,

Exactly, but Cold Water (Interrupted)

I would love to go home.

Yes, You are home - Calminte. Me casa is su casa, so long as you obey me, AND FIX THAT GOD DAMN HOT TUB!

Yes sir, sorry (Interrupted)...

Never mind that now, fetch me my Unicorn, I have to speak with someone about a deal.

Yes (Interrupted)

Calminte, Calminte... Calminte, if you say yes sir one more time, I...

Yes Your Highness

(The Devil - Sigh)

I’ll fetch your Unicorns 

Ah! Singular, Calminte, I want only one.

Which one? 

Surprise me.

Uhhh..k

But you better pick the right one.

{The two share an awkward stare, before Calminte poofs  away - Devil looks back to the portal of Waldo now in the shower}
 
“If he wants to make this a joke, and stiff ol’LU, then by all means - give me the Stiff - (Starring at him shower intently)

{A Few Months Later - Waldo’s dressing room}

(A knock - door opens)

 Staff - 5 Mins until you’re up.

Thank you.

(Waldo, starring at a mirror, practicing his acceptance speech for his Nobel prize)

(Another Knock)

Come in.

(It’s Waldo’s Wife and kid. Entering, and eventually - exchanging Greatings and kiss and hugs.)

You ready? (Flora [wife] asks).

(She place her infant son firmly on the sofa as she gets up to fix something off with his tux - her son crawls off the sofa exploring in the background)

Nervous.... really nervous, wanted some cold water waiting for me in my room but managed to get melted ice with water bottles that were Luke warm water...


(Looking at the Water  bucket with warmed pool of water, sitting at the edge of the table)
 
(Flora walks over, bumping the table, pushing the bucket closer to the edge. She picks up a napkin from the table places her hand it in the water, and proceeds to brush it over his head )

Hopefully this close you down a bit. Let me hear the final version, what’re you going to say.

Waldo - Smiles.

Look, it’s the same as this morning, but I changed the ending tho. 

Ok to what,

(A knock - door opens)
It’s time.

Flora - ok

(Door closes)

“We are but gods now, dealing only in terms of credit to be paid, without an expiration”


No, don’t read that -

What

That’s garbage, go back to the original one you read me this morning.

That seemed so uninspired 

Who cares, some times it’s better to stick to uninspiring.

(Waldo looks himself up and down in the mirror)

You Really think so?

Yes.

(Glances over to Notices his son with a fork as he tries jamming it into a socket)

Noo!

(Waldo Rushs to stop his son, bumping into the table, which knocked off the bucket on to the floor and into the direction of the child and socket. And at that moment, the son manages to squeeze the fork in, which electrocuted the two)

Things fade to black, knocking Waldo out.

{Clouds all about, Waldo drifts towards two figures - getting closer and closer until he notices one of them to be the Devil}

No, no, no, no - I’m immortal, I can’t be dead

Relax, your not
(Concussed) ummm, then what is this, where I’m I....

(Noticing the figure of light beside the Devil.)

....Is this...are you God?

Sure. You’re probably wondering why you’re here and instead of wasting time, I’ll cut to the chase (Interrupted by God)


Seems like you cheated him out of a deal you two made.

Wait, am I dead?

No. 

Then Where I’m I?

(The Devil) Look, I’ve come to make you a deal, well I guess another deal.


That’s ok, so their is a God?

(The Devil) “A God”

That’s what I said.

I’m pretty sure you didn’t. But besides that you’ll want to hear my offer.

That’s ok. 

(The Devil to God) Well, their you have it, he declined my offer. Now can you accept my deal?

(G) well...

(W) So do you ever go Dark - or are you always a flash light?

(G) Well Waldo, since you are technically alive, you may not view me as I’m. Only when you die can you see.

(W) Shame, I guess I’ll never how God looks like.

(D) You say that, but (Interrupted)

(W) So where am I, how do I get back, kind of board of this, need to be a god in my own world

(G) god?

(D) Board?

(W) come on come on, I got a speech to get to.

(G) their were a number of possibilities as to how you would take this moment, never figured you be board.

(W) why I’m I here

(D) Ah! Yes! (Interrupted) 

(G) yes well you may be immortal, your son is not, bnoty the way you’re in a comma. This is a dream, by the way.

(W) wait what?

(D) yea

(G) and Lu here made me a deal

(W) a deal?

(G) yes, his soul - for yours.

(W) [confussion starts to set] I’m  not following? Where is my son?

(G) and you see I’ve been trying to get this guy to see the light, since...well... their was light...

(W) my son, where is he?

(G) you understand right, Waldo, since you’re a god and all. 

(W) what’s happening?

(G) Well you see, Lu wanted me to kill you, and with free will and the immortality thing - really didn’t know what I could do.

(D) yes, no one stiffs me...


(W) what?!!

(G) but your son on the other hand was a few months away from the medication fully adapting completely to him. 

(W) No.

(D) Yes!

(G) so I accepted his offer to take Lu boys soul, and your son will take his place...

Waldo - shocked

(G) ...in hell. I don’t know if that was clear 

(D) oh, it was clear

(G) Good, never know sometime.

(W) I want to take it back all of it. I accept your terms... I want to die, take me, please

(Grabbing on to the Devil)

(W) take me.

(D) get a hold of yourself, I’m the one who’s losing everything

(G) can’t really do anything.


(W) I’ll make a deal with you.

(G) can’t, made one with lu - pertain to you.

(W) then let’s go back In time - please!

(G) well if you were a god, you’d know that’s impossible - time isn’t liner, plus I’m not Superman I’m God!

(D) hey, can we wrap this up... trying get to something...

(G) well you wake up soon, when you do just remember, your immortal- and you can think about this for the rest of your life.

(W) please don’t do this to me...I made a mistake... I didn’t

(D) You should read the book Frankenstein.

(G) you know I gave her the inspiration for that book. 

(D) shut up, I was the reason she wrote that satantic book about a monster brought back to life

{Waldo on his knees, God and The Devil walk off talking about Frankenstein - Waldo closes his crying eyes}


Waldo abrupt awakens in deep of night, in shock!

