As I closed my eyes to the empty hospital room, I opened them to a brighter place. I'm sitting at a wooden table in the middle of the room, with a mirror splitting the table like a wall. 

What happened? Last thing I fully remembered was the bottles of antidepressants, anti-anxiety, and sleeping pills. If I took enough of them, well they'd certainly do their job far more permanently. But my land Lord had found me, and called an ambulance. Was it too late? Did I actually succeed in ending it? 

As I look around the room noticing the white walls, and the oak table in front of me, I notice something, my reflection wasn't moving the same way I was. I, he, was just staring back at me, even when I averted my eyes I felt the cold stare of myself. 

"Was it worth it?" The cold glass seemed to speak to me. 

"pardon?" I replied, if I still had a pulse I swear it would be sky rocketing. 

"Was it all worth it?" He paused, "the porn, the drugs, the alcohol, the hook ups, keeping those you loved at an arms length, did they 'fulfil you'?" He said it with a bit of snark. 

"Would I be here if it was? Every thing I did, I did to make mysef happy." I said defensively.

"No. You did it all to 'feel good'." He averted his gaze from me momentarily, then looking back to meet my eyes. "You did it to forget. To avoid working and building. You brought all of this on yourself." 

"I did what I could to keep moving." My voice began to shake. "I was already damaged."

"The only damage you had, you caused yourself. It was all your own doing. We suffered. We were alone, for all of these years, not because we were 'damaged' but because you were a coward." 

"I'm sorry..." I didn't know what else to say, but he, I, was right. This was all my fault. 

"That's all you can say? You're sorry? You've spent your whole life lying to those who loved your and you think you can get by lying to yourself now? You're not sorry. You never were." 

The glass shattered and fell to the floor, it wasn't a mirror, it was just glass. There I sat in front of myself. But it was a different view of me, my eyes were sunken in, my skin was pale. A nervous mess sitting in front of me. 

"You cursed yourself to be alone. You never loved yourself. So look at me, look at what this isolation has done to me." 

"Forgive me. Please, I didn't know. I didn't know what to do. I was so scared." I began to cry, my eyes stung as the tears streamed down my cheeks. 

"If you would have just loved yourself, loved me, maybe we wouldn't have been so alone. Maybe we wouldn't have been so desperate for affection. Maybe we wouldn't have spent those hours in front of the computer trolling dating sites and porn, maybe we would have been something. Maybe we would still be alive." 

It was at this moment that I knew I couldn't talk my way out of this. The damage was done. My life had ended. If it were anyone else in for the of me, I could have told them anything, everything, but me? No. I have no excuse for the hate I feel towards that person. No excuses for what I've done. 

"You're right. I deserve to be here. I deserve to suffer for what I've done. Nothing I can say will make up for the abuse I've dealt to myself. I deserve to burn." 

The haunting figure in front of me stood up and smiled, it was in that moment that I noticed two doors behind him. He pulled out a key and opened the door on the right, "well then, go and take your reward." He disapated as if dissolving. 

As I gathered myself, my fears, I stood up and approached the door pushing it open. It was time for me to accept what I deserved. 