In this new world, this world obsessed with death and murder, I'm no different. I provide a certain service to those who refuse to kill. They sell me their Termination card, and in return, I take care of their problem, and provide them protection for a reasonable price.

I manage the Maximum Security Apartment Complex of Milwaukee. Most people just call it "The Vatican" since we're basically our own little city-state. You know the giant steel fortress on the Upper East Side? Right by UWM? That's us. Yup, 10 city blocks of tough, reinforced, American steel between Kenwood Blvd and Locust St. 20 stories tall, bulletproof-windowed balconies, roughly 2200 residents, all of which have used or sold their Termination Card. From the outside, it looks like a prison, for sure, but everyone is free to come and go as they please. They simply choose not to. We have an underground garage, 2 supermarkets, 3 gun shops, 5 gyms, 17 bars, 15 elevators, 5 police departments (1 for every 4 floors or so) *and* free Wi-Fi. Now, I dont manage the residential floors *directly*, not anymore at least. I leave that to the Landlords. I've become less of a manager, and more of an Enforcer. "Well how do you make money now?" you may ask. 

Taxes. One of two things that are certain in life.

Before you ask, yes, we have crime, but it's mainly petty theft, bar fights, etc. Most of that can be dealt with by their respective Sector Police department. All residents know I'm the only one who can carry out a Capitol sentence if need be. If a man is convicted of murder, I submit a Termination Card to the Milwaukee city council, who usually send a representative to investigate and (usually) approve my request. Someone can't pay the rent? We send them back into the general public. 

Top 4 floors (Alpha Sector) are usually the rich, White collar folk who make a comfy living in their homes. They're in charge of various businesses in and out of The Vatican. Not many of them left, seeing as, more often than not, any competition on the outside is murdered. Beta and Delta sectors are the upper to lower middle-class, blue collar folk who have made some bad mistakes at one point. They ain't really hurtin' nobody. They're just tryin' to make it. Omega Sector are the folks that can afford the bare minimum. The turnover rate is pretty high since most of them can't afford, or are just in hiding for the moment. A good chunk of the time, they're killed off, or sent back into the general public.

Oh! I forgot to mention, we have a baseball park on the roof where the seperate sectors play for the annual Intersectional Championship. We even got a deal with the local MyTV station to broadcast games through the season!

All that being said...a spot just opened up in the Delta Sector. Would you happen to be interested in becoming a resident?