   "What is that?" 

   "It's your wife."

   "It's a fucking frog!"

   I looked at the fat, muddy brown toad sitting at the bottom of the cage. "Yes, a frog that was once your wife."

   "How do you know that's her?" the man crossed his arms and adopted an accusatory tone. "She wouldn't become a frog. She was a woman!"

   "Look," I rubbed my eyes. "Just let me come in, we can discuss it."

   "She should be human! At least! She wouldn't be a fucking FROG!"

   "I know it can be difficult to accept, but trust me. I've been doing this for eighteen years. This is your wife," I raised the cage so the husband of the amphibian could look straight into its bulging eyes. "And not a frog, sir. Technically your wife became a toad."

   "Bullshit."

   "Sir, could it be that your wife wasn't quite the saint you thought she was? I mean, granted, it's not often that a human reincarnates as a toad." *She must have been a real piece of shit.* 

   "What-what do you mean?" he said, staring into the toad's eyes. 

   I could see it slowly dawning on him, the inescapable realization. 

   "I mean that, as you know, the incarnation ladder goes either up or down. The direction a person goes comes down to their character, how much they did or did not grow as a--"

   "I know that," the man spat. Then he softened. Tears welled up in his eyes and his bottom lip quivered. 

   "The first thing I do when tracking somebody down, is determine whether they've moved up or down the ladder. Most people move up, but for most people, the move up is fairly small. They become another human, usually with slightly better life circumstances."

   The man broke eyes with his toad wife and looked into mine.

   "Your wife, I found out, wasn't exactly destined to move up the ladder. In fact, I went to great lengths to ensure I had the full scope of her life. I interviewed you extensively, as you know. I talked to her friends, her acquaintances, her co-workers. She rated at a negative twelve on the Reinhurst scale. That moves a human down to amphibian. I searched locally, since most negative twelves reincarnate within three miles of their death. There's a swampy gully at the end of your street. I played her favorite song. You said it was Thunderstruck, right? ACDC? She came over within the hour of continuous play. And here you are."

   The man looked back to the toad, verging on tears.

   "Look." I rested the cage on the ground and opened it, swept the fat toad out and tipped it over. "Her birthmark." It was a small music note shape near the groin. 

   "OH GLORIA!" The man grabbed the toad and hugged it, tears streaming out of his stupid, sobbing face.

   I backed away down the stoop. "I'll bill you."

   *Goddamn*, I thought, heading back to my car. *I hate these filler side gigs...*