No, that won’t work. The abessive case of this schema should be dative. Or something like that, who cares; all I know is that it doesn’t sound right. I try rearranging the jigsaw pieces until it does. 

It will take me a few minutes to either be satisfied with the current iteration, or to tear it all apart. Until then, I invite you to look around my room. It’s like any other high schooler’s room of course. Entering from the door (of course, where else would you enter from), a sharp pungent odor hits you right in the nose. My mother has given up on trying to get rid of it, which means you might as well do the same. Your eyes scan (skim) the room, searching for the source of this perilous perfume. It, of course, emanates from my unwashed clothes piled everywhere, but whose density maximizes on my messy bed. Once you take this all in (I hope you do not suffer from asthma) there is naught else to look at, except a lanky boy of sixteen furiously scribbling on a piece of paper (among another 500 of the same kind) (same kind of boys?) ( same kind of paper), and while you sit down beside him, you also notice a huge stack of worn out books under the bed. Says Christopher Tolkien, when you take a closer look.

An even closer look is forbidden, not by force but by chance, for you jump up into the air when I utter a guttural cry. I now have enough grammar to reconstruct the entirety of The Silmarillion in Däema. I don’t really need the two dots, but it’s a made up language, and others need to believe that, so here we are. My name translates to “Ska meld”, in case you’re interested. It means God’s foot. I mentioned my mother a few minutes back, and she is Chekov’s AK-47. I’m way past bed time, and she opens the door, and the draft created causes the poorly arranged papers to fly away in interesting directions, one of which was right out the window (the one you did not notice during your survey of the room). Oh well, glad I did not notice that happening. Chekhov sleeps happily in his grave tonight, and so do I.

The next morning (now), I spare you the details of my rituals and habits, even going so far as to not even mention any deviations from the norm. Class breaks for lunch, and I make a break for the restroom. Look to my left after relieving my self, and there apparates Head Nerd, “Wirt Mielusc”.  He has that irritated look on his face again, like one waiting for his 10 IQ sister to realize that she’s going to uncle’s this time around. My brilliant 100 IQ brain decides that calling out to him in a language he has never heard will increase my social status, and before I can think twice, the words escape my mouth.

”Yaa ne”

My second thought ends as soon as I close my mouth, and I wonder if his look would metamorphosize into one with pity and disgust mixed in, when his mouth started moving.

“Shogif malake” 

What the fuck? Did this guy just talk in the exact same random language that I invented? Did this absolute artist (autist)  come up with the same goddamn language?! Heel lo? 

“Dude what the fuck? How?”

He didn’t seem particularly fazed, and seemed to be able to talk fluently in Doéla or Dögma or Dęlta, for his next sentence was

“Naore kalish madife isen mei? Molakni todo.” (Do migratory birds learn to fly from their parents? They  develop it themselves.)

Fuck if I know, I failed AP Bio. “So? How is that relevant?” I asked him, but a tap on my shoulder from a very angry Ms.Class Monitor meant swearing on the premises was punishable with xx and yy. 

“Madife, kil yusiye!” (Fly, you fool!), he shouted as a bald eagle carried me away from xx and yy, and AP Bio too. 