i blink, i step back as death holds out his scythe to me, "what? i-" i stare at the clock, 3:40pm i was born at 3:39pm, my mother runs from the kitchen,seeing a man holding a scythe in my face, a dagger in her hand, "HEY, WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU'RE DO-" she stops when death looks at her. 

he turns back to me holding out the blade again, i gulp, nod, and claim my gift. death fizzles away and i'm left there holding a scythe filed with souls. i stare into the blade, seeing two sides, one with peaceful, happy souls. the other filled with screaming agony as the evil souls trapped inside are punished for eternity, i suddenly feel woozy, i close my eyes and see hundreds of different places at once, people sick in bed, people being attacked by beasts, people simply about to have an accident. my eyes open as i fall to my knees. "baby?" my mother asked, wrapping her arms around me, i couldn't say anything for a long time, then i start to sing. "happy birthday to me, happy birthday to me" i laugh as i finish the song, the laughing turning to hysterical crying. great start to my new life as the incarnation of death.

i sit in my living room, Death's scythe on my lap, i was fiddling with it, trying to make it smaller, change shape, anything. "gah!" i shout at my failed attempt at transmutation. "just disappear why don't you?!?!?!?" i shout, it complies. i then blush realizing that i never tried to unsummon it, i summon and unsummon the blade a few times, then casually swing it around, it had weight to it but it felt very balanced, very natural, "yup, this was definitely meant for me," i grumble. i leave my room, "time for a test drive i guess," i go to my front door, "where are you going young man?" my mother asked, not unkindly but clearly worried. i look at her, "my apparent new job" i reply, she goes red, "absolutely not, i will not have my son out there killing people. i close my eyes and watch as i reap a soul nearby. "Mary Winslow, Woman age seventy six, just reaped her in her sleep." i said. the look of shocked horror on her face made me wince and look away. "people die mom, i'm just there when they do now." i hear beeping, i look up to see her calling someone, i close my eyes and turn around as this extension of me is about to leave, i see a man of about fifty holding another man of a similar age of the woman who is crying. the younger man's phone rings, he answers "patricia? look im a bit busy, my mother has died and, patricia?" he asks, i repeat it. i look to my mother, the look of fear is clear on her face. "how did you?" i turn to leave, "i'm there, remember?"

i walk down the streets, people giving me a little extra space for my new weapon. it was normal for kids to show off their new gifts the day they got them and most people congratulated me, they did so wearily but still, it was nice. it was fine until i watch a carriage barrel past, turn sharply and fall onto a peasant. i walk up, see the man caught under the carriage, his ribs were crushed, "you're about to die soon" i say to him softly. i kneel down, "do you wish me to pass a message to your family?" i ask, "haven't one," he groans, i nod. "then be at peace." i reap him to the peaceful side of the blade. everyone stares, standing stock still, i turn to leave, "Hey!, You, the kid with the scythe." i turn back to the voice, it was a the sheriff of the town crawling out of the wreckage, "what gives you the right to kill my driver?" he demands, i merely flash my scythe at him "oh you have a fancy new weapon and so now you want to kill people eh?" i sigh, "it's death's scythe dumbass" he went bright red, "who do you think you are to talk to me like that, peasant?" "death" i respond, then i reapo him, sending his soul to suffer. "anyone else or can i go about my day?" everyone looked away, i leave. 

a few days pass and i slowly come to appreciate my new role in the world, my family was moved to nobility status when the king found out about me. i have refused to pledge allegiance to him, but assured him that he would have a long life. i also promised to protect our city, but told the king that i am not a soldier, i will not help him increase his territory. it was fine for awhile, then i found myself berated by nobles trying to earn my favor, offering me wealth, power, their first born daughters. it was starting to get annoying so i asked the king to make an edict prohibiting anyone from attempting to bribe death, anyone who does so will be reaped on the spot. this ended the problem, and i was left alone. my mother and father died in a couple of decades, as did all the nobles and the king. i frown as i kept on going, i was nearly a hundred years of age yet i looked twenty still. it was lonely. until i met her, the one who made it okay to have a relationship.

i was walking the palace gardens, when i saw the current kings young adopted daughter, and i blushed. she was so beautiful, i went over to talk to her. i approached her as she painted, silently coming up behind her. the canvas had a beautiful array of flowers painted on, i smile as it clearly wasn't the garden, "what are you painting?" i ask, she jumps and draws a red streak across the canvas, my eyes widen at the ruined masterpiece, "oh dear, i'm so sorry i didn't mean to startle you" i quickly apologize, "it's fine" she groans, "i'll just do it over, not a big deal" it clearly was. "it *was* the flowers of my hometown's nearby meadow." she said, longing clear in her voice. i smile, "you must've had a better home town than i." she blushed and turned to me, her eyes widen, "you're..." i nod, "am i?" i shake my head, "i'm just feeling a bit lonely is all, mind if i sit?" she shakes her head. i sit next to her, "you're a lot more hansom than i'd imagine" she states plainly. i laugh. "i'm only a hundred or so" i say. she looks at me in shock, "get out!" i smile, "no wonder you're lonely" she said shaking her head, "who would want a relationship they'll outlive by who knows how long" i wince at that, "yeah" i reply. i feel her lean against me, "i think i'll be here a few decades more. perhaps you might pine for me once i'm gone?" she asks, looking into my eyes, this makes me smile, "why not, i could try my hand at being king" i joke, "not a bad idea," she replied, "not a bad idea at all"