Nothing beat a hangover like mowing the front lawn in the high noon heat of August in British Columbia.

Actually, everything beat the hangover, literally beat it, like pounding drum made of my own skull bones.

If mom caught me dry heaving in the azaleas, she’d skin me alive and stale me out for the ants.

So I mowed, but not with my hands, at least, it looked like I was actually pushing the mower, but I was steering that thing with my mind and making it look like I was doing the work. 

Still sweating balls though, and my head felt like it was going to pound off my neck and roll away into the roses.

That would be a blessing really.

I looked around and made sure I was the only idiot frying to a crisp in her spf 800 and thought the hose out of my way. 

Yes. You heard me. I can move non living things with my mind, just a thought really, and the reason, you’re all probably wondering, that I know it’s only non living things is because I tried to throw my friend Janet in the pool at the Y and it didn’t work at all. But when I got stuck in an elevator in the movie theatre, I managed to get it to the main floor and the doors open. 

Trial and error really. 

And the error my lazy reminiscing caused me to make was bonking the butt ugly garden gnome mom insisted she had to have, right where I always needed to mow. I was supposed to weed whack around him, and then mow the rest, but my pounding brains and my gurgling stomach made me grumpy and I just couldn’t be bothered. 

So I yanked the lawnmower back and tried to lift that damn gnome with a thought.

Nothing.

Weird. Maybe the alcohol still burning up my system was keeping me from using my ability. I tried again.

Again.

Again.

Jesus.

Sweat drifted down my back in a river coursing along my spine and I stuck my hand out for the water bottle I “called” for. Draining that, I considered my options, crouching down to better examine my foe. Maybe his little pedestal was huge and buried below the grass, I mean, we had the ugly little thing for decades, maybe there were plants wrapping kits base and since I wasn’t allowed to move living things, maybe that law was what was preventing me from easily moving him?

I shrugged and fanned my fingers through the grass at his base, smelling the damp yet dry dirt smell of my front lawn. 

My insides were frying, and when I could finally see his feet, they weren’t attached to anything. 

So I tipped him the hell over and shot to my feet when a small voiced yelled out in dismay.

“The hell you tipping good  gnomes over for? Haven’t you any manner a’tall?”

Just, what?

I looked around, just to see if Janet, curse her, was playing a joke on my poor tortured ass. 
No one in the rippling heat but me.

Me and a live gnome. 

I plopped back to my butt in the grass while the ugly little thing rolled himself over and stumbled to his feet.

“Got anything to drink around here? Or were your shenanigans last night enough to drain your liquor cabinet dry?”

I scowled.

“I’m not serving a gnome booze. Forget it. Just, get off my lawn. Go torment Mrs Applebee, she already talks to her trees, she’d totally love having someone who actually talks back. Not like me. I just want to mow the lawn and then go die. Quietly.”

“Where do you think I defected from, girl? That ole bat is loony, I’d rather be hit with your weed whacker every day than listen to her.” 

The little gnome wandered to my water bottle and stuck his mouth over the lip and drank.

“Great. You got lawn clippings in my water..”

Not my fault you’re essentially drunk mowing.”