Couldn't move any part of my body, had to get used to endless desperation of not breathing. 
Had to get used to endless starving and thirst. 
Should have kept my eyes open that way maybe the sight around me could distract me but I had keep them close. 
Emptiness and loneliness nothing more, nothing is worst than being alone inside your head with all your thoughts just racing by around you. 
I agree to do this because i was in a deep depression and was thinking about killing my self and thought that if in 500 years I couldn't make it then I would do it then when my dead wouldn't hurt anyone, but I never imagined it would go like this for the first years I was trying desperately to make someone notice I was completely aware of everything but no luck, then it was all the madness crazy dreams and visions when I got used to them I got a bit clarity that's been growing stronger ever since I had to keep thinking about my girlfriend betrayal I had to keep reliving the pain, the sadness, the frustration, I kept thinking what should I have done, what should I have said, why couldn't she just told me the truth, why all the lies, why she didn't respect me enough to look me in the eyes and confess to what I already knew, ten years together and all goes down in flames burning every fiber of my body, breaking my heart in a million pieces, imagine reliving that for 500 years the pain became unbearable then subside then I am once again over it and done with it and the cycle starts again. 
I believe I am now finally about to be taken out of this and finally be out. 
Someone is taking on the outside I can barely understand what they are saying, is something about me I am sure this the biggest outside stimulus I had in a very long time. They are getting closer to me the voices are getting clearer, yes finally my time is up they are coming to save me. 

- this is the first one we ever done using very old technology, he volunteer, sadly because of the precarious safety measures of the times we are not sure how to safely bring him back, we suspect he remains conscious in some level but again have not way to measure how much, he is been frozen here for 500 years and 11 months we hope one day we will be able to save this poor soul but for the moment he is a reminder to us all of the dangers of unproven technologies. 

I am going to be here for a very long time. 