It was a series that kept audiences coming back week after week after week. Not to see what the fictional Collins family was up to, but to see what they themselves could expect to see the from the world around them. Because for the cult following that *Time And Time Again* had from 1985 to 1990, conspiracy theorists alleged that the show itself could predict the future, and millions of viewers gathered around their sets every week to piece together clues and see if they could predict tragedies before they happened.

The production was shrouded in mystery, the casting was almost too perfect to be true and - in one case - a miracle all its own.

This is the story of *Time And Time Again*... the E! True Hollywood Story.

In the early days of 1985, none of the cast of the show were available. The actors who would eventually play the Collins family - brothers Dave and Alton, younger sister Caroline, and their widowed aunt Fiona who would come to live with them and help the young men take care of their sister - were all involved in other projects.

Tom Wopat, who would play Alton, was playing Lucas K. "Luke" Duke on *The Dukes of Hazzard*, which was wrapping up its 7th and final season.

David Birney was filming scenes for the new series *Glitter*, where he was cast as Sam Dillon. Birney would go on to play the elder brother Dave Collins.

Fiona Carrington's character would be played by veteran comic and dramatic actress Patty Duke, but at the time she was filming scenes for *Hail To The Chief*, in which she played the President of the United States.

With the exception of Wopat, whose show was expected to come to an end, the others had no idea their shows would not succeed in the ratings and be cancelled. But they all rememember very clearly being approached by Tyler Wentz - writer, director, and executive producer of *Time and Time Again*. And each has a similar story.

"I had just finished wrapping the last shot," Wolpot says. "and as I was walking off set that day, there he was, with this script. I told him to send it to my agent but something about him made me want to take a look at it. He told me he'd written the part just with me in mind."

Patty Duke, Actress, tells a similar story. "I said thanks, but I'm already on a show. He just smiled, nodded, and left. Next day, word came down that we were cancelled."

"*Glitter* never did well," Birney says, "I think we only aired, what, four episodes? We aired more in China, I think it was, than we did at home in he US. And yeah, same story, he said he wrote the part just for me."

Samantha Smith was 13 when she was approached to play the part of Caroline. She was already cast in the series *Lime Street*, starring alongside Robert Wagner and Lew Ayres. On August 25, 1985, at 9:17 PM, Smith and her father boarded Bar Harbor Airlines Flight 1808 from Logan International Airport in Boston, MA to Bangor International Airport.

At about 10:00 PM, on final approach to Lewiston-Auburn Regional Airport, the pilots radioed for the latest weather. It was raining and there was heavy cloud cover, but what happened next is still not entirely clear. The plane's descent was too steep. According to passenger witness accounts, it appears the pilot may have suffered a medical emergency, possibly a heart attack or stroke, and the copilot panicked and tried to help him, losing focus on the task of flying.

"And he just leapt up from his seat and took the controls," Smith says in our interview, now 38. "He didn't even take a moment to think about it. Like he knew what was going to happen all along."

Because as fate would have it, there was one more passenger on that flight - Tyler Wentz.

"He saved my life. And my father's. All of us, really. Forget the show. I literally wouldn't be here talking to you today, if it weren't for him."

Even as fast as Wentz acted, the plane still crashed, and the passengers were severely injured. The pilot and copilot died on impact. Smith was in a coma for two months.

Three episodes and the pilot of *Lime Street* had been shot when Smith fell into the coma, prior to the airing of any episodes, which would happen on September 21. Production continued, but the show performed poorly and was cancelled. When Smith awoke, Wentz offered her the role of Caroline.

The show premiered in 1985, but was never a strong ratings performer. The acting was praised, but the stories were unremarkable. *Time And Time Again* was on the fence for renewal for a second season, but Wentz promised network executives that he would produce a show that everyone in America would be talking about by Christmas. CBS reluctantly renewed the show.

Season 2 began airing in late 1987 to much the same response, until Episode 211 - "Do You Read Me?" on Thursday, November 12th. The episode features Dave, Alton, and Caroline delving into the world of hobbist ham radio, where surprisingly Aunt Fiona runs across an old flame from her past. But the thing that sparks their interest in the hobby occurs in the opening act, during the sportscast in the evening news. For fifteen seconds, the signal is interrupted, and a man wearing a Darth Vader mask from Star Wars appears on screen, says, "Luke, I am your father!" while twirling a lightsaber around, before the sportscast resumes. The brothers explain that someone hijacked the signal, spurring the family interest in amateur radio.

The storyline went largely unnoticed until a little over week later, on Sunday, November 22nd, when a hijacker in Chicago broke into the sportscast on WGN-TV, and then again two hours later on WTTW, dressed as Max Headroom. The incident made national headlines, and immediately the connection was made with the plot from the TV episode. But how did this oddly specific plot element make it into a script that aired 10 days previous - and was written even earlier?

Wentz was immediately suspected of being involved in the hijacking incident, trying to drum up publicity for his show, especially with his knowledge of television broadcast technology and equipment. But several eyewitnesses placed him at a charity event at the time of both hijackings - he was even giving a speech during the first incident. Even if the Max Headroom message had been prerecorded, the hijacking itself would have required precise calculations and adjustment done on the fly. It could not have been set up in advance, so the FBI and FCC declared that Wentz was not a suspect.

Buzz quieted down from this event but the following year, in episode 219, "President or Bust," Alton runs for Senior class president of his high school. Caroline tries to help her brother by getting the opposing campaign's documents, in a plan she calls, "Operation Praying Mantis". The same name would be used by the US Navy in strikes against Iranian oil platforms.

Season 3 was renewed without hesitation, and its first uncanny prediction came early. In 303, nothing is referenced in the dialogue, but the front page story of the newspaper Dave is reading describes an event in which two police officers are killed. Less than six days later, the Walsh Street police shootings would occur, following almost the exact same MO.

Throughout the remainder of the show's run, eerie similarities to events that the producers could not possibly have foreseen, including natural disasters such as fires, floods, and earthquakes, continued to appear a short time before similar events would happen and make national headlines. Eventually, *Time and Time Again* began to be treated like a vague, unofficial news source. Eagle eyed viewers scoured every scene, using fledgling home video cassette recording technology to pour over background props for more clues as to other events that might happen. Some viewers claim that, in retrospect, they can link 217 historical events to at least one prop, plot device, or line of dialogue from the show - including several from season 1 before the Max Headroom hijacker connection.

The network enjoyed the successes and buzz the show created but the backlash and conspiracy the controversy spawned turned out to be too much, and eventually, the show was cancelled to quell rumors that the network's executives were somehow causing these disasters, or at least allowing them to happen. 

To this day, we still do not know how Wentz could possibly have known the things he did, in order to put them into the program. Never as a direct premonition, always as a similar event, so there is no concrete proof that any of the references are anything more than a bizarre string of coincidences.