The smell of lilacs sour in their vase wafted towards me as I rested on the hard surface of a bar stool in my kitchen. “Another one,” I thought as I pulled them from their resting place and left them wilted in the rubbish. Walking out into the back patio, I sought my new prey from amongst rows and rows of brightly colored bushes, pots, and trees. The life cycle of these buds comforted me, ‘here today and gone another.’ Selecting a bunch of creamy white magnolias, I went back inside to arrange them, their sweet scent replacing the aroma of death fading gently from my dwelling.

  How I longed for the grips of death to take me as they would seize this new life in a few weeks’ time. That is, if the flowers were lucky. I’d seen the process last as few as three days. Me? I was going on six hundred and fifty three years. Or so I estimated; keeping track was a bit of a chore.

   My fate has been sealed one troublesome night all those centuries ago. It had started so innocently, with the pulling on of a new silk dress in anticipation of the ball. I’d carried deep in my heart the dream of meeting someone special, a dream so common among the young women of my year and fairness. Had I known who would greet me, I would have stayed home: my doors locked and windows barred. And yet it was impossible for me to have known that the handsome suitor whisking me from the outskirts into the middle of the ballroom would determine the fate of my ever-lingering years.

   As we spun in circles, my heart twinkling with the lightness of a cloud, I felt myself melting into the arms of my someone. A draining sensation I mistook for love in my naivety. It was only when my breath became short did I notice myself beginning to fade. As he whispered coolly “This is where it ends,” into my ear, Providence stepped in and took me from the man’s arms, but not before I slipped on my first love’s sleek black cloak. 

   Waltzing with my new partner, I felt the substance of my being slowly seep back. And yet, even as we stepped, swayed, and swirled, there was an unmistakable piece that stayed behind. 

   It was only several years later, as I watched my friends and family begin to grey without me that I finally placed what that piece had been: my mortality. Fragile and beautiful and the essence of what made me real. 

    Stepping back outside, a fresh stream of tears welling up at the memory of that unforgettable night, I walked down the rows and rows of new life. On either side of the trail were silver plaques, descending from shiny to dull to rusted. The resting places of my beloved- each the conquered victims of My First Love’s dance.
