The phone started to buzz. A buzzing phone was a sound I had not heard in several years. Nobody used the telephone anymore. Newer technology was available, Feeling Transfer, FT for short, was where most communication happened today. Technology changed as fast as the cosmos beings lived in changed. A telephone call was something special, it was slow, it required more interpersonal discussion.

It rang three times, four, finally I mustered up the courage to answer it.

"Sir Henry Jenger?" a pause from the phone. I responded slowly, "Well, of course it's me. You had to dial 23 characters to reach me. What do you want, why on Zerlak would you be calling me on such archaic technology?" Clicks came through the phone, "My name is Geb with Transport. We've- well, Sir, we've discovered a rogue entity from another quadrant of the known Cosmos, Sir."

This brought me back to my days in the Galactic Utility Unit. The species I talked to sounded not unlike those high up in ranks, a species born to rule the Cosmos. "And--" I snarled.

"And- Sir, we understand you were abducted. An abduction that you may not remember much of, a serious concern for humans such as yourself. You're simply--"

"Unequipped both physically and mentally," I knew what the being was insinuating, and I knew I had been abducted in the weeks previous, of this I was sure. I had no idea to what extent it would have affected me, however. Reality seemed to be slipping like light through the Cosmos. In the current reality you couldn't know as a human what things the other species were capable of doing, sometimes without you even realizing it. Humans were old technology, not unlike the telephone I begrudgingly occupied.

"Sir Henry, are you there?"

I thought a moment. A thought that somehow still allowed my mind to rest after the endless thoughts that flowed through my head for the last fortnight. Thought of how to proceed, with my newly adorned sanity. My sanity was intact, I was able to hold onto that, but I did not lack concern of it slipping as of late. "I am here, how do we proceed," I responded.

"Would you like to press charges, Sir?"

Pressing charges. They had caught the rogue specimen in the act of occupying another human, or something similar from what I gathered in the next few minutes on the telephone. Pressing charges would help put him into Endless for the rest of his life cycle. I didn't know what had been done to me during that time I spent with the being. Did any of it matter at the end of the day? I had my faculties, unlike other stories you hear from distant worlds. He took nothing of value that I could imagine, these days I rest easy, knowledge of my days with the G.U.U. were past and distant. I retained nothing of value in my head. I drank my days away and partook in some illicit activities. Endless however, that was a hell I could not wish on any being. My existence was a fraction of the time most known species lived for.

"No, you won't have me pressing any charges. I can't let anything suffer on account of me, I do enough suffering on my own."

"Well alright, Sir, are you quite sure--" I slammed the phone down, and picked up a bottle of Synthise. I drank to remember for once. Maybe I had remembered it all inside of me already, my mind had never slipped. Well, there's only one way to find out. I gulped directly from the bottle, my mind expanded, and I sunk directly through the couch.