So close. I was sooo close to making it. I was almost out the door. In an futile attempt to show some human compasion, I know I'm a too nice guy, I held the front door open for this eldery woman wanting to go inside. Too late I recognized that she wasn't actually a good old girl going toward her 70s but a small guy in an crappy plastic mask. Blame it on the adrenaline. Or endorphine. Or morphine. I don't know, one of this morphines you hear that extreme climbers talking about. Because that how I feld after robbing this bank, like climbing the fucking Mount Everest. 

What came next didn't went as expected for everyone, except maybe me. Because of course I'm the only one which knew at this point that the registry and the whole safe vault was empty. I just cleared them out. Suffice to say I knew that this group of silly masked men were in for a whole lot of surprise. And while I contemplated what they would to when they find out, I saw one of the guys come back from the vault, heading straight for their "leader". 

I put "leader" in apostrophe because I can't really respect the leadership skills of a man, running around in cut-off thights and "muscle" shorts, looking like the default douche straigt out of venice beach. I mean how many "man..." and "dude" can you really put into the few sentences you have to say while making an armed robbery. They only thing you really need are "This is a robbery" and "On the ground, nobody moves and nobody gets hurt". Maybe I'm too old school. Too long doing the same kind of thing. I really should go on an vacation after this thing. 

Anyways before I digress too much, this guy was going up to there alpha. I couldn't really hear them, because I was to far away. This idiots didn't even make me go to the back of the bank. They just let me stay at the front were I was when I held the door open. So what happened next was that the alpha and his goons, in there sheer disbelief all headed for the vault to check them out. Okok, they rough handed some of the employes, because they probably thought there must be a second vault or something. That stuff may by on my conscience, but what should I have done. Yell out "Don't bother, I already robbed it!". Ne, I'm not that nice of a man. Instead I used this little confusion to slip right out of the front door. And right in time. As I walked camly down the street, I heared the screetches and sirens of rushing police cars. I wonder what they will make out of all of this?

Now you ask me how I robbed this little bank blind without somebody noticing? I can't tell you or I would have to kill you. Haha. 
But seriously and I wouldn't even if I could. Never ask a magican to reveal his trick or you will rob yourself of the awe. 
