It started because of the thrill. If this were a corny rags-to-riches autobio, I'd lie and tell you my first was a honey bun from a drugstore. Or maybe a loaf of bread for my sick mom or something like that. Well, don't get your hopes up; my mom was sick, but I'd have sooner stolen bread from her than for her.

No, my first time was a pair of earrings. I watched Sarah put them in a box, then take the box upstairs, and I waited for her to come back down and kiss me goodnight. But after I left, I kept thinking about them, locked up safe, so treasured and protected. So I waited a week, then I went there while she was sleeping. I knew she had a creaky door, so I oiled it before jimmying the lock. The stairs squeaked on the way up, and I held my breath, feeling my blood pulsing loudly underneath. I went to her bedroom first. There she was, asleep and unaware. It took me five minutes to find the box, and ten more to find the key. Two days later, when I picked her up, I asked why she wasn't wearing the earrings I got her. My heart was pounding, I wanted to hear her say the word, wanted to feel the vulnerability in her voice. But she blushed, and told me she lost them.

So I went back. I needed it--needed to. This time, I brought glue for her squeaky stairs. A bead between the riser and the step, wait ten minutes, then move up and do the next. After a couple of hours, I was done. This time I took money.

She didn't even notice.

I was frustrated. Felt like I bought a bag of bad drugs--I was scratching the itch, but it didn't do a damn thing. It was only when Sarah said "it's so strange. I swear, my landlord is coming in when I'm out and not telling me. My stairs have stopped squeaking, and the front door too..." I heard her uncertainty, her fear. Only then did I feel it again..the thrill.

So I tested out my new drug. I broke into a new house that night. Dusted the cabinets so as not to leave fingerprints, then took a china figurine. Cleaned and organized the garage shelves, and pocketed a set of spark plugs. In the morning, I heard my boss pacing, on the phone with his wife, trying to explain that she must be mistaken, things didn't just clean themselves. The thrill was back in full force. You see, people lose things all the time. Entropy is easily blamed for larceny. But no one cleans houses by accident. When that happens, the fear comes in at full force. How did this happen? Was someone in here? Why did they do this? What else did they do?

What else *might* they have done?

I had found my new hobby. I stocked up on cleaning supplies, and began making my rounds that very night. I cleaned, I fixed, I organized, I rearranged. Sometimes, I left my supplies behind on purpose--a brush here, a can of Lysol there. Neighborhood newsletters began to circulate, warning people to change their locks (yeah, right) and leave their lights on (just made it easier for me to change the broken lightbulbs without attracting attention). I heard it in whispers, saw it in bemused looks, and I reveled in the power of knowing.

I remember exactly when the tone changed. Mr. Falk, down at the grocery store, was telling people he would start leaving cookies out for the "fixer fairy." Old fart--I wish I'd taken more than his watering can. It wasn't his fault, though...I suppose people can't live in fear for long. We're docile cattle at heart. When we can't do anything, we accept what's being done to us. We laugh in the face of fear just so we can feel there's nothing to be afraid of. 

Just like that, the thrill was gone. My nightly endeavors became every-other-night-endeavors, then weekly endeavors. I no longer heard fear in muttered whispers, I heard casual laughter and superstition. I did even find cookies at one house. I left them out, but covered them with Lysol. I was becoming frustrated again. It didn't matter whether I stole six hundred dollars in cash or fixed the dent in their washing machine, I was simply a part of the landscape. I felt like I was gasping for breath every damn day, receding further and further into a deep depression. 

It was months before the new opportunity presented itself. This time, it was nothing I'd done, nothing I'd come across, it was a simple thought in the shower. Quick and easy as a needle through skin.

Tonight, I'm going out again. I feel excited at the prospect. God, it feels like years since I've been this excited! I'm bringing some of my cleaning supplies, but really just the necessary ones--bleach, scrub brush, microfiber cloth for fingerprints. And the Wusthof kitchen knife I took from Mrs. Carpinski, tucked safely in my thigh sheath. That thrill is back again...and this time, I don't think it will go away.