The carts rolled with inertia towards the Hungry for Apples? chalkboard sign, heavy with seedless watermelons. As they bumped into one another the stainless grates rattled with weight under fruit. 
“24 watermelons” He sweated, “All my fingers, all my toes both my eyes, mouth, and nose.” 

"What the fuck," He thought, "I’m so late for work." It was like today just appeared out of nowhere, he was asleep and then there he was trying to get the melons. All of them heavy as he piled them into neat pyramids in a cart, their black outlines and labels hanging precariously. "I can't lose this job." The sense of urgency returned.

Yet he couldn’t stop. The cart bumped the green box of waxy produce, sweet with a light tone of rotten underneath. Far up, the fluorescents buzzed above the pyramid of Pink Ladies. He knelt before them, defeated. On each apple, a number. 

Over the PA, an employee explained patiently that now he needed 36 apples. 

Shaking, he unrolled the flimsy plastic bag. Six apples per bag. Six bags, two per shopping cart. He counted each one out. 

There was a scratching sound, and then again on the PA : “Carry the one, everybody.” 

“I’ve got to get out of here.” But he couldn’t leave the carts. As soon as he began to walk away he began to shake, and become immovable.

He tied the carts together with his shoe laces, and pushed his little tram past the checkout line. At least he thought it was a checkout line. Everything outside of the fruit seemed blurry, unfinished lines and shadows. 

Outside the store he tried to find his car. But he couldn’t remember driving there.

The PA was on again. “Word problems are very important.”

As he walked, he passed a man making 12 times the amount of muffins he had yesterday. The man sat, questioning if he had even baked yesterday.  

A girl counting up thousands of Legos because she is missing 17. She too must have been nauseous, because she fell down when she tried to explain as he passed that she could make a perfectly good castle missing the 17.

And lastly, the most sad color blind man with thousands balloons mumbling about which 620 were green. He added them up over and over again. He was smeary, as if he had been partially erased.

The melons were heavy in the sun, and he grunted as the carts tinny rumble followed him.

Next to all of them were huge grey numbers, shaky, dusty numbers in the sky.

He still couldn’t find his car, but he felt nauseous leaving the apples and melons.

"I’ll never eat all this. I’ll have to donate it," he thought. " But I stole it, do shelters accept stolen fruit?" The absurdity of this made him laugh out loud, and a wild feeling crept up from the sucking of his diaphragm.

“How many does he have?” The voice said, thundering through the white space.

"Fuck, how many do I have?" He had carefully counted each one earlier, but the number seemed so large when he couldn’t see it, he thought. Out loud he said “Why does it matter?”

A small voice answered him, “60 pieces of fruit.”
“Who was that?” He shouted. He began to run, fruit and all. What does sixty even look like when you don’t have the fruit in your hands? 

A large grey line started to roll across the ground, bending into the sky, a large, unsteady, 6 - o.

The shoelace snapped and the cart rolled. The nausea returned.

“Very good,” the big voice said. “Write your name on these and pass them forward. Windy breathing could be heard and hot humid gusts flew past him. A large rip tore through the sky. 

B E C K Y.

As soon as the last line in the Y ended a warm pink fleshy thing pinched the parking lot and suddenly the pink things were all around the edges of the lot. He screamed. It sounded like a thousand wings were flapping all at once. The sky was falling in, compressing him and below him he could hear himself, “What is this for? Why me?” And above him, the bleeding melons squished a pink sick slime through the air. It grew dark. 

There were moans coming from him above and below, the girl with the Legos was screaming and it echoed as she questioned if she was alive or dead. The bursts of 36,000 balloons rumbled as the papery sounds shuffled again.

The voice came again. That terrible sweet voice. It was hard to hear through all the paper, but he listened on the ground in the cart of apples. “Tonight’s math homework is listed on the board. You’re dismissed for lunch.”