I was never a social person. I lost my mother when I was young, before I could even form any memories of her. My father was always working, doing his best to support me and put food on the table.  He was a carpenter and he always wore these stupid gloves to avoid splinters. We moved around a lot, pretty much wherever work took him, and I figured it best not to make any too close of friends, figuring I’d inevitably have to move away from them at some point. That was until I met Ben.

This guy was so outgoing you wouldn’t believe. I showed up for my first day at yet another school for my sophomore year of high school. He started a conversation with me as if we had been friends for years. I tried to keep to myself, and I think he sensed that I was what he perceived as “shy.”  He thought it was the funniest thing to tap me on the opposite shoulder of where he was standing to make me look the other way. Annoying, but he got a kick out of it and it made me chuckle at times.
I eventually learned not to look. When I started playing the little trick on him, he never did. Without fail, he always looked to where I tapped. 

“Ben, this has gotta be the thousandth time you’ve fallen for your own joke.”

“I swear, man. It’s like my muscles and brain work on their own when you tap my shoulder; like it isn’t even up to me.”

Funny, I thought. But it got me thinking. I tried it out on a couple other people I had become acquainted with. They too repeatedly fell for it and claimed the same thing Ben had. I tried tapping both shoulders quickly back to back, and sure enough their head whipped from one shoulder to the next like it had been yanked by some supernatural force. So, what happens if I tap both shoulders at the same time?

I’d guess it’d cancel each other out. After all, what else could happen? Better not to find out either way, I figured.

Fast forward to my senior year, probably the longest I’d stayed in one place. The little prank had been retired for over a year now. On the last day, Ben was feeling a bit reminiscent and decided to pull the ole joke one last time. I fell for it. I turned around to give him a shove and knocked him off his feet. I caught his laughing, falling body by his shoulders when he suddenly went completely limp. All laughing stopped, all movement stopped. I set him down, and checked for a heartbeat, breathing, anything.

Dead. Silence.

It was just then I had realized what I’d done. Something I’d avoided for over 2 years. I rushed home, left him there. I told Dad we had to leave now. Without much questioning, he obliged. I wonder if he knew what power I possessed. We were packed up and on the road within an hour. I listened to the radio as news broke about his death. My best friend, my only friend, gone because of me.

That was 20 years ago. Since then, I’ve done what good I can. Personally taken care of some psychos and criminals the police just couldn’t track down. My vigilante antics didn’t heal the giant hole left in my heart by the accidental slaying of my best friend.

Sitting in my apartment now, I flip on the recording of the news that Ben’s death was caused by unknown natural causes. I wrote a long letter this morning, mailing it to Ben’s family, explaining everything. They deserve the closure. I take a sip of scotch, light a cigarette, and lay back on the couch. Slowly, I put my hands on my stomach. Cautiously, I move them up my upper body. I hesitate, but I know it’s what has to be done. 

I quickly move them onto the opposing shoulders, and everything goes black.

