The feeling of burning metal against flesh jolted me awake. I tried to pull away, but the more I struggled, the tighter and hotter it got. Grabbing at the bed spring to make it harder for my captor. "Hah! Got you now!", the demon turned around grinning before dragging me along some more, the entire bed coming with. "Huh?!", I exclaimed. We were going through the portal now and the feeling of intense heat came rushing over me. The portal had begun widening.

  Starting to accept fate at this point. I just let it happen. Closing my eyes and just hoping it'd be over fast. All of a sudden I felt the sense of falling and jolted my eyes back open. I was right. I was falling down a pit. I started to scream as much as possible. The demon looks back up towards me with an even bigger grin than before, suddenly changing in expression to what looked like fear. The bed! It came crashing onto him in mid-air causing him to let go of the grip he had on me. "Yes!", I let out a scream of success, forgetting for a second I was falling down a pit to hell, before going back to screaming. 

 We were falling, but with the weight of the bed. It was falling even faster. "What had I done to deserve this?", thinking to myself again. "I've got it!"--making my way towards the bed. I grabbed on with all my might and was starting to go faster than before. We were really moving now. 

  The pit all of a sudden opened into an area so big that it went on forever and below it a pit of fire. Closing my eyes, I started to pray to whatever god may listen. "Please help me out of this!", all of a sudden, we weren't moving anywhere. Opening one eye, and looking around. We were just floating in mid-air. Bed beneath my feet. 

  Standing up. The demon stood before me but beside him was a man in white robe. "You came!", I exclaimed. "No, my son, we were just settling a bet, and it looks like he beat me after 10 billion years.", "Wh..what?", I replied back. "You see, humans are as clumsy as they say.", before tapping me on the forehead sending me back into a sleep trance.

  Birds chirping. The sound of people working outside. Groggily pushing myself up into a sitting position on the bed. "What a strange nightmare.", I said out loud. Standing up and tripping over myself. 

(New to writing. Not the best, sorry). 