Sometimes, as if like a dream, I recall a different life. Flashes of memory come to me from a distant past, when I was but a young boy. I try not to think of my childhood, for fear it may send me mad. 

I have spoken to my wife of these dream memories; of the horseless carriages, the towering buildings between which these magical carriages fly. I’ve told her of the moving pictures that covered every surface, convincing passers-by to purchase some strange item. She always loved my stories of the button I could press that would prepare a full meal for me in moments, but it was always just a story. She, nor few other people I have met would accept them as anything more than that.

For a time, there were others the same as me, who remembered these flashes of the past. We had travelled together as a group for a while, exploring, taking up bounties. The bunch of us took foolhardy risks that I would never even consider now. Although I look back on that time fondly I can only laugh at my young stupidity. I could have died countless number of times on our adventures. Some of the others did, but we never seemed to take their deaths as seriously as we should have. 

It wasn’t until I met my dear Mary that I realised the error of my ways. She convinced me that the life I was living was too dangerous to carry on with, that I would die should I keep acting in such a foolish way. My friends failed to understand though. When I told them, I wished to quit our adventuring they called me crazy, that I should treat this life like some sort of game, that I would have plenty of time to settle down with a woman afterwards. After what, I can’t quite remember.

I enjoyed those days with them, but I’m glad to have left them behind me. I’m happy now. I have a home, a small cottage a few miles into the woods from the pleasant little village of Merrowsprings. I have a family; my wife Mary as well three children, and a healthy litter of grandchildren.

Although my children had all moved out years ago, and taken their children with them, they still visited often. In fact, they were visiting this afternoon, and I could not wait to see them.

“Grandpa!” The cheerful screams of a young girl stirred me from my reverie. 

I sat up in the chair on my porch and smiled as my granddaughter ran up the path towards me, her parents still a little way behind her. “Beatrice! Come here you little rascal.” 

I stretched out my arms towards her, but just before she arrived she suddenly stopped and stood perfectly still.

“Beatrice?” A worried frown swiftly covered my face. “Is everything okay?”

Her face remained completely emotionless as a robotic voice was emitted from her mouth. “Your play time is finished, please insert more credits to continue.”

“Beatrice? What do you mean? What’s the matter?” I slowly tried to stand up, my arthritic old knees making it difficult.

She did not respond to me, simply carrying on in that robotic voice. “Please insert more credits to continue.”

“What do you mean? Do you want money? I don’t think I have any change on me.” I rifled through my pockets, but they were empty other than some lint and chewing tobacco.

“Your play time is complete. Thank you for playing A Medieval Life. If you enjoyed this game you may also like Cowboy Simulator or Astronaut Adventures. You shall now be ejected from the game.”

I stared at my granddaughter in confusion. “I… I don’t understand, what- Beatrice!” I screamed in terror as her body disintegrated in front of me. I stumbled towards her, but then the rest of the world began to disintegrate around me and I was suddenly falling and falling and…

I opened my eyes. “That was awesome!” I leapt out of the chair and looked around for my friends. “Hey guys! That was so cool!” I ran over to them, but they all glared back at me. “What’s wrong?”

Ted glared at me. “Dude that was so uncool. You just left us to go off with your girlfriend. And then you lived so long that you finished ages after us, we had to wait around for like a whole ten minutes for you.”

I shrugged at them. “It was still super fun though! I bet you guys went on loads more adventures after I left anyway. Can we go again?” I looked round the arcade. “What about Astronaut Adventured, I bet that’s super fun.”

Ted shrugged. “My mum only gave me money for one game.”

“Aww,” I looked around the arcade again. I’d definitely have to ask my parents for some extra pocket money so I could come here again.
