 The old man woke up first, his whole body aching. "Martha, Martha?" he called out. A familiar groan calmed his heart. She was nearby, but he couldn't see her. The bag over his eyes obstructed his vision as much as the ropes around the rest of him obstructed his movement. "Martha, are you hurt?"

 "Abraham." His wife's voice replied weakly. "Everything aches, but only a little worst than normal. What happened?"

 He tried to put things together, but the last thing he remembered was eating with his wife at the nursing home. He felt tired afterward and fell asleep. He didn't remember going anywhere. Was this some sort of prank? "I don't know. Last I remember was falling asleep next to you. I don't even know how we got here."

 "I don't know either. I'm scared, Abraham. What should we..." Her voice was cut off by the sound of an opening door. "Who's there?" She demanded sharply.

 "You're awake?" the feminine voice sounded worried. "I don't have any more drugs. I took too long getting back." Her words descended into muttering as the two prisoners heard her pace around the room.

 "Who are you? What are you doing to us?" Abraham demanded with as much courage as he could muster.

 "That's what I want to know. So, I'm going to kill you." The woman's voice seemed somewhat calmer,  and he got to put the voice to a face as the hoods got lifted off their heads.

 "Samantha?" Abraham's mouth hung open as he recognized the squirrely caretaker who helped make their meals. She had always seemed a timid and anxious girl. Even now, holding a pistol and speaking of death, she hardly struck an imposing figure.

 "Samantha, dear," Martha cooed, "You don't have to do this. Whatever is wrong. We can help."

 "I'm not Samantha." the girl responded timidly as she slowly began pacing again. "I'm not anybody! No, I'll know. You'll show me!" her voice rose as she began raving. "I'm sorry it's you, but I need two. I need to know. I need to be sure."

 The color drained from the old man's face. "What do you mean you're not Samantha? We know who you are."

 "It's just a nickname. I was abandoned when I was young. The family that adopted me named me Samantha, but that doesn't matter to the names. Nicknames or second names are never on the tattoos. Just the first name. The name I lost. You don't know what it's like not knowing. Every time a boy gets serious, and I have to tell him he can't know. Even if they try," the raving girl barked a sob, "they leave eventually to find their names. How can they be sure that they love the girl without a name." Slowly her pacing stopped, and the mousy girls locked eyes with her prisoners. "Then, I realized the tattoos don't forget. There are two names on everyone, and there is a way for my name to be one of them. It had to be two. Two people to be sure. The name on both of them is me. My name! So you two will show me. You two will let me know what my name is!"

 "Rachel." the old couple said in unison. The younger girl froze. She looked at the two of them in disbelief.

 The old man spoke. "Martha and Rachel."

 "Abraham and Rachel" his wife responded.

 Their captor's eyes watered. "Rachel." She said the name with wonderment. "I'm Rachel. Rachel!" the last time came out with a squeak of happiness. "Thank you! Thank you! Thank you so much. My whole life..." she started to speak and then stopped. Her two prisoners were looking with her with some strange resignation on their faces. There was a deep sadness in their eyes. The two people who had just revealed her name. She wanted to do something for them. "I should thank you. I should do something. I should...." Her voice stopped, and her arms started trembling. The name wasn't hers yet. There was still only one way to know she was Rachel. 

 "You won't get away with this." Martha said softly.

 "It doesn't matter. I need to know. Not knowing who will love you. Not being able to convince them they can. It's worse than death." the anxious girl twisted her logic around herself in the same way she had to hatch this plan in the first place.

 "You could not be Rachel." the old man ventured. His look was stern. It was part request, part offering, and it threw the girl for a loop. 

 *Could she not be Rachel? Could she choose to be her? If she didn't kill them, who was she? If she was Rachel, could she not kill them? If she wasn't Rachel, could she kill them? Had she just become a failed kidnapper? A no-name felon?* The girl gripped her head and started shouting. "No. No. No. I need to know. There is only one way to find out."

 "Do you have two guns, dear?" Martha asked calmly.

 "Yes..." the girl responded hesitantly unsure of the nature of her question.

 "Shoot us both at once." Abraham said soberly. "If I can hold her hand, please shoot us at the same time."

 "What?" the girl was taken aback.

 "We always wondered when the day would come. We suspected from our tattoos that we would pass together. Neither of us wants to watch the other die. So, please, if you want to thank us, then don't separate us in the end."

 The girl moved the chairs they were tied to closer together until their lashed hands could touch. She watched them grip and squeeze one another's hand with trust and comfort. Tears came to her eye as she pulled out the second small gun she kept in her purse for safety. She pointed a barrel at each head. They almost rattled as the girl's hands shook. "I'm sorry. I need to know." These were the only words she could offer.

 "Tell my grandkids, I love them." Martha said softly before closing her eyes.

 Tears streamed down all their faces as the nameless girl apologized one last time and pulled both triggers.