Little did I know, time traveling to that era was the universe's cruel lesson not to extend the limits of science too far. This was my ninth cycle. 

My colleagues said that it's best not to know if Jesus really existed or not. Either answer would disappoint the masses. "Science needs to pushed to the limits, we must know as much as we can while we still can!" I would say heedlessly. 

Our team discovered time traveling 3 months ago. We had only gone on 3 journeys because the prep to actually get it to work takes about 3 weeks. Cryogenics, cloning, contained nuclear fusion, stable antimatter and a lot math makes for a temporary vessel that can travel back in time and experience it for about 1 week. After the week, the cloned body we send back in time disappears along with the many ripples in time we splash up on our visit. Then the conscious experience gets transferred into the mind like injecting a dream. We haven't been able to make any permanent changes in time and only one of us can travel at time. 

Of the 4 of us, I was last. Dana was first, she was the first experiment. She only went back in time to read a note I purposely wrote alone in my office. "Congrats, we did it! 76675." She said she came into my office and read it, but I have no memory of that ever happening. Bill went to Japan to watch the Hiroshima bomb explode from a distance strangely, and Geoff tried to stop 9/11. Geoff taught us that changing major events always leads to a worse outcome. He pulled a fire alarm 20 minutes before the first plane and then the planes crashed into the streets and the Empire State Building and the twin towers exploded anyway from pre planted bombs and they both fell sideways. He said the casualties were close to 7,000 dead estimated by the end of his week. 

"We don't even know if it's safe to go that far back," said Dana, "We haven't gone that far back, we could break the machine... or you could get hurt." Dana was Catholic, so I thought she had other motives explaining her apprehension. "Dana, I'll be fine, if anyone gets hurt, it'll be the clone." Bill also looked uncomfortable, but I knew he was an atheist.  Geoff, however, had a hint of curiosity in his eyes. I then said, "Maybe Jesus was real, I could learn so much from him.  Maybe magic is real too! Maybe he was a more advanced time traveler than us! Or maybe there was just a normal man loved by many who was unfairly killed and died as a Martyr. There is only one way to find out, so please induce me." I honestly just wanted to time travel, I didn't have to see Jesus. 

They relented and started the process. I must have my blood filtered out of my body and replaced with saline at 5 degrees Celsius. Then the cloning process could begin and Once that's completed, The clone and I would be hooked up to The Machine itself to start the time travel. My last memory was Dana standing over me with a worried look on her face. "This is science I assured her, it's a good thing." 

Then it was all black and cold. 

I couldn't see anything but the cold breath in front of myself. This was the hardest part every time. The feeling of everything inside me stopping, throbbing, and the eerie feeling of slowly decaying. A man was laughing in the background, each time it sent a shiver through my spine. "You think you are so smart." It said scornfully. I tried to talk, but all I could feel was sand scratching in my throat. "Here is the twist, there was no original Jesus. It is you. You and all the rest bold enough to try to change my design, to change my creation, to change and **break** my universe." I felt bloated and uncomfortably hotter and hotter, I couldn't stop sweating "Fine," the voice giggled, "see Jesus, be Jesus, experience Jesus. Over and over and over and over again. " I saw a ghostly white smile appear in front of my face until it blinded me and all I could see was white.

"Where did you run off to Jesus?" The fisherman would always say to initiate the cycle again. I was numb to this nonsense by now.  "Off to supper with my closest disciples," I always said... with tears trying to escape behind my eyes. I then headed off on my way. I learned the way of this game by  the sixth cycle. I must adhere to the same routine or it would end up more painful and worse than this way was. I go to supper, eventually get arrested by religious authorities, then endure the beatings, the walk, and horrifying crucifixion. Then I die. If I break character, try to run, and anything out of the ordinary, the beatings and deaths are always worse and more drawn out. I have to keep trying endure the pain and persevere to the end for the least painful death.

I always awake in the uncomfortable darkness again and sit and wait for three days. On third day I hear the man laugh again and repeat himself. And on and on this  cycle keeps going and going... 

Why didn't I listen Dana? The man's drive for knowing is his greatest gift and curse at the same time. 
