What you are about to read comes directly from my heart. I'm currently going through a tough time where my wife is leaving me. I put all my emotions into this, and a little bit of our life, what she likes, how we talked is in this. I hope anyone who reads this will enjoy it.

---

"I made you breakfast tacos, and strawberry and banana smoothie, they're on the table for you. I got pizza dough from our favorite place and made Rosemary potato and sausage pizza. You can bring that to lunch and or have it for dinner. I also got your favorite white wine, it's in the fridge. I love you honey, good luck at work and have a great day!" I video recorded the message and left my laptop open on the dining table. It's 6am and she needs to wake up in an hour to get ready for work. I put on my pajamas, head into the bedroom and perform the ritual. I laid down in bed next to her, and closed my eyes. I should be "gone" in a few moments, and she will be revived in about an hour. This was our life now.

I never thought we could live like this, my intention was to just end my own life and let her live. After the first ritual, she didn't wake and I cried myself to sleep, or so I thought. The ritual did work and she found me beside the bed, sitting on the ground with my head in my arms. I was cold, breathless, and not a single heart beat was detected. Beside me was the printed pages of the ritual. She performed the ritual back to me, after writing a note telling me to forget her and live on. We bickered back and forth using sticky notes, reviving each other. Finally we both gave in and decided this was going to be our life. I would work nights, come home in the morning, do my things and revive her. She would wake up, work mornings, come home in the evening, do her things and revive me. Repeat.

It was bittersweet. Sweet that we both get to "live" on, work and grow old. Bitter that we didn't get to do it together, nor look into each other's eyes... feel each other's heart beat at the same time. After the first few revivals, I started wondering if she really did live or not, thinking maybe someone set it up to make it seem like she did come back and it was someone else who wrote those things down on the sticky notes, imitating her handwriting, her style and tone. I confessed my fear, doubt, paranoia, and that's when we decided to video record each other's message on the laptop instead. The only people who knew were our immediate families and a few close friends. They swore to secrecy and cover for us if others felt something was amiss.

"Arigato for the breakfast tacos and smoothie, they were good as always! I didn't bring the pizza for lunch, I bought my own lunch and had the pizza with wine for dinner, they were also good. There's still half of it for you. I'm gonna go to bed now. Oyasumi, good luck at your work and have a great night" I almost never not cry when I see her in the recorded videos. I fell into deep despair the first time she left this world. I felt lost and just wanted to disappear. I never thought I could find such a thing that could bring her back, it was strange when I found it. It was surreal when I stumbled upon it. I was desperate and typed the words "reviving the dead" into the search engine. All the results were from one site but a slightly different page, but all the pages content were exactly the same. I printed them out and never did find the page again afterwards.

I cry because I am happy to see her open eyes. I cry because I am happy to hear her voice. I cry because I am sad that we don't see each other's open eyes simultaneously. I cry because I am sad we don't hear each other's voice simultaneously. I confided these feelings to one of my close friend and to keep an eye on her, make sure she's ok. I've heard few instances where she was asked out to dinner and parties with coworkers and friends, but she had always turned them down. It broke my heart. This isn't living. The guilt was unbearable and crushing. Ever since I've realized this, my heart has been heavy. I put on a sweet face for friends and family, when I'm at work, when I'm out, especially when I record my message to my dear wife. Outside of those, I am broken. Tears fell almost every night, and when there are no tears I wish there were and I would drunkenly write in my own personal journal. I can't live on knowing I was holding her life back, restricting her way of living, not experiencing the world to the fullest. I never had the desire for those myself, until I met her. But I wanted those experiences with her and only if it was with her, and I know she would want those experiences with or without me.

"Good morning honey! Sorry I'm writing instead of recording a video today. Don't worry, I enjoyed myself a bit and am a little drunk, haha. Hope you are well rested! I baked you a cheesecake. I also made you your favorite (fake) borscht. I'm sorry I didn't make these for you very often even though I know you loved them so much! I think these will last you at least a week :P I love you honey. Take good care of yourself and have a wonderful day!" I taped the note to the laptop, put on my favorite pajama she got me. I cleaned my face and performed the ritual. I texted my close friend that I had just performed the ritual, and that I had a favor to ask of him. I told him I hid our apartment keys in his mailbox, along with a set of instructions. I laid down beside my wife, and closed my eyes...