I breathed in, I breathed out.
Or at least, I was pretty sure I did.
I thought that I could feel warm, dusty air pass my mouth, my throat, proceeding into my lungs, my chest rising and falling. But I could have been imagining it. 
The mind shows you strange things when your eyes have nothing to see, your ears almost nothing to hear, when there is... nothing.

I remember things from before I was put into this room. 
Light the colour of rust, as the sun set. Smelling grass and for some reason, the taste of rhubarb. 

I know that I was, and am. I know that I was put here, because sometimes food is sent down a chute, and water, too. When I leave stains on the floor, I will wake up later and it will be clean. Sometimes, when I feel weaker than otherwise, the food is bitter, which is nice. It's nice because the bitter makes me feel better, so that means that someone made it bitter for me, and that means someone notices that I felt worse, and that means there is probably a me.

It must have been a long time ago. 
But then again, everything feels like it takes long and I'm not sure about things like time. 
I'm not sure whether I have been awake for a couple of hours or three days.
Probably at least a day, because food has come twice.

I remember there being other people.
I still hear people now, but I think they're not actually there.
A tap on a wall turns into a voice. A dripping sound becomes laughter. A shuffle of my foot, becomes a whisper.
There are colours, too, when I press my eyes shut very tightly and when my left hand which has a bruise brushes against the wall, it feels like someone's hand touches mine. I'm not sure whether it hurts though. I'm not sure.

There is one special one. 
I mean, there are a few voices that I've gotten to know pretty well by now.
A lady, two men, a skater, a miner and a receptionist.
But this one, when I hear them, it's like I hear them differently. The others, I think I mostly hear them with my ears. But this person, speaks more universally. 
And when I see them, they always look as they did before. It might be because I can just see them better, but that's because they usually bring a candle or a flashlight or something.
The others regularly look more tall, or wide, or curved than they did before. Visibly only partly, and partly obscured. This one looks the same every time.
The dimple above their eyebrows is always at my eyeheight, and their irises always remind me of the same sea. They are constant.
It's funny. Out of all of the people here that I'm not sure about, I'm the least unsure of them. It should be the other way around. They are an angel of death, after all.

They first came here... about... an amount of time ago. I don't know how much.
I remember that I expected to be suspicious of them, then.
But during that same first visit, I not only accepted their presence (that took a long time with the skater and the miner) but I also began to care very much for them.
At the time, I thought that they didn't speak the same language, but their expressions seemed to respond to what I said.
Later, after a few visits, they began to speak.
They could have hurled the foulest profanity at me for all I cared. The fact that someone who seemed like they were maybe actually real responded to me, even if by expressions only, acknowledging me, validating me, became what has kept me as sane as I am. 

They didn't hurl profanity. They were actually nice. We progressed from conversations where they spoke and I stuttered, stammered and bawled, to conversations where I could express myself better, to conversations wherein we were on almost equal footing. 

I wasn't sure why they came to see me.
I dared not ask, for fear that they might stop.
I stopped considering that they weren't real, for fear that they might not be.
I did consider that maybe they came to kill me, what with them being an angel of death. But they never did. I wasn't sure how I felt about that. That was okay.

Then came the tuesday, at high noon.
It was just as likely to be any other day, really, and any other time of day, but I liked the thought of it being noon on a tuesday and so I decided to treat it as such. The sense of control was nice.

The angel arrived, this time holding a glowstick for a light source.
It was enough to brighten the whole room.
"Hello, Jirei. Been some place nice?"
"There was a concert at the stadium. The music was nice, but the person I came to see should have known that it's unwise to stand so close to the speakers with a pacemaker."
"Poor sod. Some way to go, though."
"Yeah."

There was a pause, as I felt myself be more at ease, now that Jirei was back.

"Say, " Jirei started, "is there something on your mind today?"

How did they know?
They always knew. 
"I don't know," I replied, nervously. "I don't know when today started, haha." 

Jirei continued to look at me, waiting for me to stop avoiding the subject.
I, on the other hand, had very much hoped that I could keep doing just that.
I had avoided it, and similar subjects, for some time now and had gotten quite good at it. I had praised myself for how skilled I was at it.
But I could tell that they weren't having it anymore. Not today.

"Okay," I admitted, hesitantly. "I've been wondering... How does it work?"

Jirei raised a single eyebrow, encouraging me to continue.

"How does being an angel of death work? How do you know where to be, how do you do your work unseen, how do you... end someone?"

They suddenly turned sharply to look at me.

"End someone? Is that your understanding of what I do?"

I heard my presumed breathing again. In, hold. suppress a cough. Out, dry as ever. My chest went up, rested a while, and down. I realized that I didn't question the realness of my breathing anymore, even if only for a moment.

"Well... Isn't it what you do?"

They sat down. The look on their face told me that they were sad to hear what I had said, and weren't quite sure of how to respond either.

"I suppose I understand why your viewpoint is so limited."
Jirei said, after what I think was a minute or so, putting emphasis on the word 'suppose' as if a 'but' were inevitably following.
"Knowing only life, death must seem like an ending. But, some part of me had hoped... Being where you are, I thought you of all mortals might understand. Or at least, after these months, think differently of me."

I wanted to respond, but I found that no words made it past my lips. Understand?

"Jirei..."

"-I needed someone who could maybe understand. Not only after, when they see what I did, when it is their turn. I needed someone who didn't need to die yet, who I could spend time with here, to understand."

I noticed that Jirei had stopped making eye contact. Their speech became restless, hasted, broken. 

"I thought, maybe, someone as far removed from other life as you, someone with your destiny... But, ah, that wasn't fair of me." Jirei said, as they ran their sleeve past their face and sighed deeply.
"I shouldn't have... I'm sorry if I used you."

We both sat and breathed for a while.

Me, and the person who I had considered a lifeline, who was the strongest anchor of my reality. The one to whom I owed my sanity and my belief in my own self. The angel of death. 
Who had depended upon me? Used me?

"Jirei. I may not understand. But... I want to learn."

The words had left my mouth before I could consider them.
What was I doing? Was I offering my life, throwing it away for someone who I had become dependant on? 
Somehow, I didn't think I was. I didn't feel like I said it out of a sentiment of sacrifice, or owing them my life, regardless of whether or not I did owe it to them. I felt safe, and I trusted them.

Jirei looked up. There was some redness, surrounding the blue sea. Or was that the red light from the glowstick?

They frowned, and looked at me intensely. Thinking. Weighing options. Considering.

A few times, they gulped in air and opened their mouth as if beginning to say something, but halting.

"Do you mean that?... You want to understand?"

I was being given a choice. If I said no, it would be okay, too. I felt that.
I don't know how, but in that moment, I felt like Jirei was offering me a choice between understanding, and another safe, good place. The prospect of being alone again never even factored in to my decision.

"I want to understand."

Another moment passed.

"...
Fuck destiny. I'm getting you out of here."

They grabbed me by me wrist, which had not made contact with another person since I had first been moved here, and pushed me towards the wall. Having lost the weight that I had, I was sent flying and I closed my eyes, preparing for impact. 

There was none.
The darkness around me was absolute. Even with my eyes closed, I could tell.

------

If you made it this far, thanks for reading! It's a long one. Please leave feedback :)

I have more written, but the word count was reached so I'm making this part one. Hoping to get part two up tonight (it's 22:00* here).

I really want to do a good job on the relationship and this mental state, although I am sure that I messed up in a few places. Please be aware that this is not supposed to be the end of a process, that I am not done, and that I welcome responses. Thanks again.

*Edit; fixed time