It was another day at the inn come to its end. The last of the customers had just stumbled outside singing and laughing -not today death today we drink and fuck! tomorrow is the day you can reap our sack. The inn was empty with the exemption of Mr Black. That cat wouldn't leave the inn no matter how many times the innkeeper had thrown him out. So after months and  of stubborness the cat became a part of the "Crippled Swordsman inn" crew of 2. The least helpful one some would say.. all Mr Black ever did was just sit there under the decorative sword that used half the wall and was way to big to be swang even by the mjardar of the north and judge the innkeeper.. but this day something was different. Mr black was somehow uneasy. He didn't even jump down to eat some of the leftovers the Crippled innkeeper gave him.. what is wrong Black? Said the innkeeper to the cat.. the cat just stood there watching what seemed as nothing.. the innkeeper stumbled close to pet Mr Black and see what was wrong with him but the cat just stood there as if it were dead, it's eyes trailing what at first seemed like the innkeeper but the innkeeper noticed that wasn't the case.. Mr Black wasnt looking right at him he was looking behind him.. then like so many times before, the time froze, the innkeeper's first thought was that they finally caught up to him.. damn the order! he was just getting used to the damn place and the villagers finally started to accept him as one of them!Damn!DAMN!DAMN!!anger started to boil up in him. he knew this wasn't just another robbery by some petty villager or traveler. He didn't notice them coming in! that never happened! his senses had remained as sharp as ever with the passing of the time. he could count as many as 50 people just by walking in a place with his eyes closed! Al thorel had taken care of that by having him live as a blind man for 5 years.. So in that case it must be one of the most esteemed members of the order.he thought to himself. this was getting exciting. unlike the ocasional robber he would have to use something a little bigger than a kitchen knife to drive whoever this man was off.. then he heard it! the wood cracking the knuckles tightening he was right behind him..He was winding up for an attack! with a scythe? what? no one in the order used a scythe..No one had ever used one for at least 500 years.. the only scythe user in the order was it's creator! How in the hundred hells did he come so close undetected? no scent no sound but he made a mistake! he used a weapon! and weapons sing their own song! a song he knew by heart! this is no time to overthink! he pulled the sword by the wall as the air behind him was being torn apart in 2. the sword was nailed to the wall with 10 thick nails.. damn thing took 5 strong man to carry but for the innkeeper it was as much a part of him as Mr Black's nails where a part of him! and the nails came out for the innkeeper! the one second the innkeeper was reaching for the sword! an old crippled  man. slumbered, thin as leaf with trembling hands. But the second his hand touched the statue sized sword there was a flash and the unmistakable sound steel on steel! and where the tiny old man was now there stood a goliath of a man with the sword in his one hand paring what seemed like it was thin air and a cat on the other hand! the innkeeper had the same face the same eyes same long white hair but other than that nothing was the same! the innkeeper left the cat on the bar slowly and in bewildered wonderment said to the air in front of him! -What are you? Who are you? show your face right now or die! the scythe then pulled back.. a sound came as if from nowhere and everywhere at the same time saying. -It is your time! the innkeeper then pulled back his sword cutting through the first floor of the inn like it was not even there and spoke again! -tell me what you want and who send you or by the name of the blade i will finish this! -I want you it is your ti.. a loud thunder sound the earth under the inn opened up in two..dust was raised all over the inn.. when the dust slowly settled there was nothing where the sword hit! that's impossible i felt the impact thought the innkeeper.. then his sword glowed! as if out of nowhere writing started engraving on his blade.. fist on the tip and slowly coming toward him! when the writing reached the hilt it started materializing with a hot pain on his hands as a tattoo.. then arms then the rest of his body! on the tip of the sword the writing started with!"You are now death...."  
:Edit this is my first attempt and it is crude as f.. i changed my story about 50 times as i was writing this! any tips would be welcome.. even "let this be your last attempt please" thanks if you took the time to read it i really appreciate it!