“Who’s at the door honey?” Stephen called from inside the house. 

I turned back towards the interior of the house. 
“It’s the police dear, can you come here for a moment, they’ll want to talk with you,” I said. 

I turned back to the policeman standing at the door. 

“He’ll be right out, you’ll see,” I said, smiling sheepishly at the officer. 

The noises from the kitchen ceased and Stephen walked out through the living room to the front door. 

He wiped his hand son the front of his pants and smiled at the officer. 

“How may I help you?” asked Stephen. 

The officer pursed his lips. 

“Sir, were you driving along the 1218 highway today around four p.m.?” asked the officer. 

Stephen nodded. 

“Sure was. That’s my usual route home after my classes get out for the day,” said Stephen. 

The officer looked uneasy. 

“And you drive a lime green pinto, license 626 BLM?” asked the officer, reading from his notebook. 

Stephen nodded again. 

“Yes—why?” asked Stephen. 

The officer lowered his notebook, flipping it closed. 

“Well, we found your car wrapped a tree on the side of the road. The front seat is covered in blood and it looks like someone had been ejected through the windshield,” said the officer. 

“Oh... that’s very odd,” said Stephen. 

I looked at him. He was not smiling any longer. 

“—when we checked the tree we found blood spread over the face of it where the car had wrapped around it. The windshield was embedded into the trunk. Do oh know how you go home today?” asked the officer. 

Stephen thought for a moment and shook his head. 

“I tend to tune out while driving home, lost in my thoughts. I remember pulling into the driveway and coming into the house though,” said Stephen. 

“Where is the car you came home in sir?” asked the officer. 

Stephen and I both looked at the driveway, where he had parked every day for the last eight years. The familiar green car wasn’t there. 

“I...I don’t know...,” said Stephen. 

“How did you get home today sir?” asked the officer. 

Shock and worry spread across Stephen’s face. 

“I’m really not sure. But I’m home. I came home today after work,” said Stephen, the pitch of his voice straining higher as he spoke. 


The officer reached into the saddle bag and brought out a plastic bag. Inside was the familiar white woolen jumper Stephen always wore when it got chilly in the fall. It was dyed a deep dull red and speckled with red splatter across its length. 

“Is this your sweater, sir?” asked the officer, holding the bag up. 

Stephen stared at it incredulously. 

“That’s mine, but how did it get like that?” asked Stephen, his voice reaching a fevered pitch. 

“Sir, I’m sorry but I have to ask you again, how did you get home today?” asked the officer. 

Stephen stared at the jumper. 

I reached for his hand, taking it into mine. 

It was cold. 

Stephen looked at me worriedly. 

“I just can’t remember—I can’t REMEMBER!” said Stephen. 

I squeezed his hand. 

It buzzed slightly and my hand fell against my side. 

Stephen was gone. 

The officer reached up with the bloody bag, offering it to me. 

“Ma’am, I’m sorry to say your husband died today in an accident on the motorway...,” said the officer. 

I reached for the bag. 

“That’s impossible...,” I said. 
