Somalian slums - Day 1

Living conditions here are sub par for any person to live a decent life - even the most robust people seem to show signs of physical and mental decay.

I've been assigned here to help in any way I can, but there seems to be no potential for hope. I predict this village will cease to exist within ten months, but mean while I'll do what I can.

Day- 2

I haven't fully settled in yet, and already I've been called to treat a sick mother and her two kids with severe cases of the muscular-cell depletion virus. I gave them the prescribed serum, but I know that it is nothing short of a placebo. Frankly, there is little hope for them, but that's all they need right now,  and unfortunately all they can get.

Day- 3

The mother and her two children show stable signs, but the blood work shows other wise. I couldn't face to tell her the lab results, and since I have no right to keep her here against her will... I Just recommended her to stay a few more days.

An elderly man died today. I inspected his dwelling, and to say the least if I wasn't who I am I'd surely be dead soon. The virus is spreading faster than anticipated. 

I recommended the UN official posted here to leave and to take his men with him. Its a lost cause but some people can survive if they leave right now.

Day - 4

I discovered that the Officer posted here is a fresh recruit just out of training. I also realized that these "peace keepers" true intent is to keep the people isolated, secluded. To quarantine.

They've become suspicious of my snooping around. I'm going to have to hide this journal and my experimental equipment for a while. I have to prove that I have no ill intent here.

Day - 6

Three soldiers died in the past 36 hours. Nonviolent.  Virus-likely.

Day - 8

The Officer has become irrational. I believe he has become mentally unstable and unfit for the job.

The Officer has begun to attack the people here. 

All out violence broke out between the UN-sanctioned military and the villagers. I'm currently waiting in the patient ward. No one will dare come in here - it'll be a long and painful death sentence if they do.

Day - 10

From what I gather, the last two days consisted of a military coup and rise of insurgency. The fighting roughly lasted a full 36 hours. It's been quiet lately. I think ill leave ward soon.

Everyone is gone. Most are dead. If not for the violence then the plague certainly did the job.

I now see why the UN was instructed to quarantine this place. Those fortunate enough to escape only achieved in making the quarantine's radius larger.

I think it's best for me to lay low for the moment. I don't want to attract unwanted attention.