I was listening to Rachel talk about The Sixth Sense and about the little things that Bruce Willis should have noticed, like how he appears in the room without remembering actually walking into the room or leaving the office to get to the apartment.  He must have noticed that he did not wake up every morning and do his morning routine and pick out the clothes he was going to wear for the day.

"I'm pretty sure the director intended that."

"So is Bruce Willis stupid or something?"

"He was in denial.  His mind could not process those details."

"Huh?"

Rachel turned to Ollie.  "You get it, don't you Ollie?  About how Bruce Willis's perceptions were different from regular people's?"

Ollie looked inexplicably pale.

"I don't get it," he finally said.

"Dear lord," Rachel muttered.  "I see stupid people."

"Hey, I'm not stupid," I barked at her.  "Just because I didn't get some hidden plot in a stupid movie --"

"Do you really remember those things?" Ollie asked.  "Like getting dressed in the morning."

After some thought, I answered, "I usually do.  Sometimes I'm on autopilot and I go through the motions without really thinking of them."

"See that's what I mean."  Rachel sounded triumphant.  "Bruce Willis didn't really think of those things because they were too insignificant to think about in great detail.  When he appeared in a room, he just assumed he entered it because that's how he'd normally get into the room."

"Right," I countered.  "But then how come he didn't remember bigger things, like talking to his wife?  Don't you think he would realize that he had not talked to her for months?"

"He was in denial."

"You can't keep saying denial like it explains everything that doesn't make sense."

"It makes perfect sense.  For this movie, I mean.  Part of it was about perception.  The kid said that they only see what they want to see."

"How did I get here?" Ollie blurted out.

For once, Rachel looked bewildered.

"You walked here with us," I said, glancing around the nearly deserted park.

"Right but before that."

"You rang the doorbell to my house and I opened the door."

"How did I get to your door?"

"You walked."

"Did you see me walking over?"

"No."

"Rachel, did you?"

"No."

"I don't remember walking here.  I could have just appeared on your doorstep."

"I don't think so," I said.  "It doesn't prove anything."

"But I don't remember any of it.  Those small details, like the morning routine you mentioned.  What exactly is a morning routine anyway."

"Getting up, showering, brushing your teeth, getting dressed, . . ."

"I don't do those things."

"You must have," Rachel chimed in,  "You aren't dirty and stinky.  You wear different clothes every day."

"Yeah, but I just picture what I want to wear and the clothes appear on me.  I thought that you guys did that too."

"Uh no.  Are you drunk or something?"

"It sounds like you're having an existential crisis," I said.  "Anyway, you're not a ghost.  Everyone sees you.  You interact with people."

"What if I'm not interacting with them and I just think I am?  What if you're the only two people who can see me?"

We were both shaking our heads.  "I doubt it."

"Or are you even real?"

"Yeah, of course we're real," I said.  This had gotten annoying.  "Like I said, I remember the small details and so does Rachel."

Ollie thought it over.  "No, you are real but you aren't the real versions of yourselves.  Remember that VR helmet you got me for my birthday?  Rachel, you were there.  You saw it."

"Sort of," Rachel hedged.

"I don't remember taking it off."

"I don't remember me giving you the helmet at all," I said, partly joking.  "Anyway, if that were the case, all you'd have to do is take off the helmet and you'd be back in the real world."  The helmet that he was not wearing.  But if it put an end to this delusion then I was for giving it a try.

"Would I?"

"Take off the helmet."

He placed his hands a couple of inches away from his ears and --

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;