That was it. The final straw. Not proverbial or metaphorical, but the actual last straw. Farmer had placed it on the very top of a small tower that sat atop his new temple. Now, Farmer wasn’t a very tall man, and the temple was even shorter. It stopped right under his shoulders, so it wasn’t very impressive by any stretch, but it WAS a temple built by a man who’d never learned a thing about building. 

      Farmer stared at his creation for a minute or two. He sighed. He sunk down next to his most recent bad idea and pulled his hat over his eyes. “A temple for a god. A god I don’t know. I don’t know” he thought. He wanted to laugh at himself, but he was too tired. 

     Once Farmer fell asleep, the temple started to glow softly. Its yellow aura covered the sleeping man and warned him. There was a hum. Then a thud. Then a groan. Inside the temple, a small creature mumbled and stood up. His head crashed through the ceiling, his hat knocking down the tower that Farmer put on last minute. It was his favorite part. The creature adjusted his hat and looked around. Eyes on Farmer, he walked toward where he was sleeping and stood above him.


      Farmer woke up and saw a creature about half his height staring back at him confused.
“Well, go ahead!” the creature said, in a low but thunderous voice.
“W w w with what - sir?” Farmer said sheepishly.
“You have a request right? A prayer? A question? Go ahead with it. I’ll do what I can.”
“So you... you are a god? Of what?”
“This isn’t a CVS. I’m a god. Just a god. Not a pharmacy god, not a supervisor god, not a seasonal clearance sale god, just a GOD! What is it with humans and trying to label gods? We can all do whatever. Let’s go.”
Farmer looked at the god in amazement. His hat was similar except for the horn holes. That yellow glow seemed to come from the gods belly.
“Well mr god, I didn’t really think this would happen, wasn’t sure if a god would show up! Travis told me but Travis also told me my corn grows too slow. I don’t want nothing I guess.”
The god was angered. He’d dealt with stupidity, but Farmer was STUPID. Then he had an idea. 
“You wanna know what Travis asked for?”
Farmer lit up. “Sure I do!”
“Travis requested to forget about me. See, it’s a loophole. You forget about me,  you get unlimited wishes!”
“Well give me that!”

Farmer woke up next to a pile of straw the next morning, and got to work. Today, he’d be building a temple.