"Take a seat. There's someone who'd like to speak with you" 

I felt this sinking in my stomach. I've heard about this before, after you pass, our creator likes to talk to you, bring to light all the bad you've done. I walked over to my chair and took a seat, lowering my face into my open hands. Who could it be? Must be my son, for not being there all the time. Or maybe my mother, I'm sure she hates me for not taking care of her after she got sick. "Throw her in a home" I said. "They'll take better care of her than I can." I never visited her, til her funeral. It must be her. Someone's coming. Fuck. I could hear footsteps as if they were coming from a long dark hallway but there was no hallway. Actually, we weren't even really in a room. We weren't anywhere. My right leg started shaking uncontrollably. I looked up and I saw a girl walking towards me, long brown hair, about my height, but she wouldn't look up at me. She took a seat in a chair that wasn't there a minute ago, right across from me. 
"Hey you." She said as she started lifting her head to me. 
My body tensed up but my mouth fell open. I don't understand. Is that...is that me? But how? I looked down to my hands then placed them on my face to make sure I was still in my body. 
"H-How is this possible?" I asked her. I reached out to touch her face but before I could feel her she quickly snatched my arm, holding it in her hand and staring at me with such cold eyes. I looked down at her arms, so...bloody...so many scars and fresh cuts.
"What's wrong?" She asked, "you used to love this. Why do you look so afraid?" 
My hands started to shake as I saw more blood pouring down on her from her arms dripping to her legs. She started to smile, and laughed maniacally "OH I forgot! You need a nice hand full of pills to be okay with this! Here, I just so happen to have some!" She launches towards me tackling me to the floor, hand full of pills that weren't there a few moments ago, trying to force them down my throat. "Get off of me!" I yell. Tightening my lips shut and trying to grab control of her arms, which are dripping blood all over my face. She looks so weak and lifeless but damnit she's so strong. With one hand she holds both of mine over my head, and starts shoving pills down my throat while I'm gagging and wiggling trying to break free. After she got some down she sits up and let's me go, laughing like a villain who finally gets their revenge. I rolled over and started puking trying to get the pills back out but it was too late, my vision went blurry and I felt as if my insides were tying themselves in knots. I tried to bring myself off of the ground but my arms felt like noodles. I was shaking, putting everything I had to get off of that floor. I looked up at her and the room was spinning, it looked as if there were 8 of her, or me? Us? What's going on? She's standing above me and kicks me back down to the floor. "Remember all the long nights we had? All the hospital trips? How about the time mom put us in the crazy home??" Her voice sounds like a thousand echoes, I throw my hands over my ears trying to stop the noise. "You were always so dramatic. That's why mom hated you. Remember when you pushed her down the stairs?" What is she talking about? "Or that night you went out after mom told you not to, and you got us gang raped because some guy offered you drugs?" That was one of my worst memories. "Stop it! Why are you doing this to me?" I try to yell but it came out more as a whisper. I could barely keep my eyes open, what the hell did she give me??

 "To YOU? That is so like you. What about me? All the times you hurt us forcing yourself to vomit so you can be skinny like your friends? Guess what, you're still fat. The night we were rushed to the hospital because you wanted to slice our wrists open? I know you heard me in your head begging you not to. But you went on and did it anyways! I tried to take care of us and you shut me out." 

I don't remember most of the things I did when I was younger. I couldn't have been that bad? Could I? 

She walks up to me grabbing my arms and pulling me to my feet "You tried taking your life countless times with your son in the same house, you heartless bitch he was just a baby!" She started feeling up and down my arms a couple times and by the third time I felt razors where her fingers just were and they went up and down my arms slicing my skin open as I screamed in pain and dropped to my knees. Trembling and still screaming I'm trying to close my arms up with my hands by holding them together which wasn't helping at all.

 How am I feeling this pain? How is this happening? Aren't I already dead? Or am I? 

"All the times your family needed you, you swore you were too good for them. When was the last time you've even spoken to your sister? Did you know she was in a car accident tonight?" At this point I'm bleeding out so much I gave up trying to stop it. I'm laying in a fetal position holding onto my arms trying to focus on everything going on. It's clear to me that I'm going to hell, and this is the beginning of never ending torture and pain. I close my eyes and think back about all the things I've put myself through. All the decisions I made that landed me where I am right now. After all it's only my fault I died, drank too much and popped a few Xanax and drove right into another car. That's the last thing I remember. 

"You shut everyone out of our life, why didn't you just talk to someone about everything going on? Was it worth it? Can you hear the voices now? The ones you claimed talked you into all of this? What are they saying? WHAT ARE THEY SAYING NOW? ANSWER ME DAMNIT!" 

She kicked me right in my back with all her might, I let out a loud cry and began choking and coughing up blood. I rolled onto my back and she lowered herself to climb on top of me. She pulled my face to hers, her nose touching mine. Her appearance changed. I no longer recognized myself in her. She had bags under her eyes, thin hair, bruises all over. She looked like she hadn't eaten a meal in years, blood coming out of her nose and I was horrified. I finally saw what I had been doing to myself, how I let myself down. I reach out to cup her face in my hands and with everything inside of me I let out the words "I'm so sorry." Her body started to break down in front of me. I tried to hold her together to save her and she whispered to me "it's too late." I watched her body crumble to ashes. When the last piece of her was gone, everything went dark. I knew what was coming next. There was no place in heaven for me. 