"Are you sure you want all four of them?" Ms. Voight asked, trying unsuccessfully to keep a smile from slipping onto her face.

I nodded as I read the document again. "Why not? You said they're inseparable."

"They might be a bit much to ... handle. I mean, four kids, and these four in particular ..."

"Yeah, well, you've never seen me in a temper," I said, and reached for a pen that she hurried to hand me.

"Sure, I don't mean anything against you, but these four can be strange. Sometimes."

I frowned at her. "What's the matter? You seemed practically relieved when I agreed to adopt them. Now you're having second thoughts?"

"No, no ... I'm sure you'll cope just fine." She smiled, overly sweet, and pointed at the next stack of forms awaiting me. "Well, let's just get these out of the way real quick, shall we?"

***

"Well, we're here." I turned into our driveway, and the girls, who'd been talking softly among themselves in the back of the van, fell quiet.

"Wow," Mina said, brushing her hair out of her face. "It's ... that's a big house."

"What, did you think I was kidding when I said you'll each have a bedroom to yourselves?" I said, putting the car into park.

Three answered in the negative, but Amber only glowered at them. That look lent an illusion of her close-cropped auburn hair being ablaze. "Oh come on, you all thought she was bullshitting."

"Hey, I'm right here, miss," I said. "And don't use that sort of language, please. Let's get your bags inside."

My daughters--God, I had to get used to saying that in my head--refused my help with their luggage, and trooped after me in silence as we walked up the driveway. Not that they were sullen or anything; I had the impression that they were still trying to process the Harley, the fountain, and the--

"Holy crap, is that a Ferrari?" Amber said.

I sighed, but said nothing. Then something tapped me on the arm; I tried not to jump at how cold her fingers felt. It was Ashlee, who pointed at the woods with a dreamy look on her face. "It's really quiet here."

"Bout thirty minutes from the nearest town," I replied as I unlocked the front door.

"You'd know if you hadn't been sleeping on our drive here," Ivory said in a bossy tone, but was interrupted by a bout of coughing.

"Okay okay," I said, before Ashlee could retort, but the girl only drifted into the house in silence before me. The rest followed, and then I shut the door behind us.

"Welcome home," I said.

"Er ... mom? What is it you do for a living again?" Mina said, staring open-mouthed at the mini-chandelier over the living room.

I smiled and put my arms around them. "I run my own company. Now, let's go get you settled."

***

For what felt like the dozenth time in just three months, I found myself walking in the hallways of Far Meadow High School again. I knew the way and the amount of time required to reach Ivory's classroom so well, I had begun scheduling business calls to fill up the time.

Mr. Banner met me with a look of frustrated concern. "It's a nosebleed this time," he said, Ivory standing behind him with a tissue to her nose.

I heaved a sigh. "Guess I'll take her home for the day."

As usual, Ivory wore a look of guilt all the way to the car, which slowly turned into one of relief. "Math lesson is so boring," she said, crumpling the blood-stained tissue up and putting it into a pocket.

I scowled. "We've been over this. Just because you've studied three lessons ahead and done all the exercises, it doesn't mean you can skip classes. Next time you pull this nosebleed or stomach cramp nonsense again, I might just leave you there."

Her eyes widened in the rear view mirror. "But I might die! The other kids might catch what I have. Remember that time I puked my guts out? Please don't leave me, I don't want to die in that dumb class!"

"As the eldest, what do you think your sisters might think if you get to skip classes all the time?"

"Pfah. Amber's got a boyfriend, no way she's going home unless he's not there. Mina's really popular, she's like some diet expert or something so all the cool girls want to hang out with her."

I nodded absently, thinking about the board meeting I would have to miss this afternoon.

"--and Ashlee's a weirdo in school, you know. She keeps dead spiders inside a box and shows them to everyone. Claims she killed them with her thoughts."

"Is she being bullied for that?" I said, an edge in my tone.

"Nah, I think most people are scared of her or something." Ivory had whipped her smartphone out. "Don't think they even know why. I told some of my friends about the time she got lost in the woods for half a day--"

"Not a funny story to share," I said through gritted teeth.

"--or the time she hid a dead rabbit inside Amber's closet--"

"Still not funny."

"--what a mess, all that screaming and stuff being thrown about, you'd think--"

"I think I'll take you to a doctor," I said.

Not a peep was heard from her the rest of the way home.

***

"What now?" I said, marching into the principal's office. Ashlee was there, sitting in a corner staring off into nothing.

"Your daughter, Ms. Christian, has been telling her classmate George all morning, that he was going to die before the day's end." Principal Simpson had his burly arms crossed as he glared at her. "I do not tolerate my students threatening one another in my school!"

"It's not a threat, she's just a bit distracted at times," I said hurriedly, going to Ashlee and hugging her. "Her filter just goes offline, you know."

"Well, George is having a nervous breakdown right now in the med room, and I don't need him to see her anymore today. Take her home, please."

"Ashlee dear, what's gotten into you?" I said as I escorted her out of the school. "Dead animals is one thing, but you can't say such things to your friends!"

"He's not really a friend," she said cheerfully. "Anyway, I was just messing with him. He took my box away and hid it, I was in such a fright. Don't worry, Mom. He'll die three years from today."

***

Principal Dawson, who had replaced Simpson after the latter resigned almost a year ago, shook his head at me when I showed up outside the school gates.

"This is beyond me," he said. "The police will be here soon."

A full blown riot was taking place in the school yard; children armed with chairs and textbooks going at each other with fury. There was no order to it, no sides as far as I could tell.

Only two people weren't fighting; Ashlee and Ivory, sitting on a bench. Ashlee was giggling and pointing at nobody in particular, while Ivory had her face buried in homework.

I walked to them and said, "What the hell is going on? I got a call from the principal saying--"

"Mina stole Amber's boyfriend, so they're fighting," Ivory said.

My girls--my beautiful sixteen-year-old daughters, whom I treasured more than anything in the world--made me want to pull my hair out sometimes.

"So why is the entire school fighting?" I said.

"Because Amber controls half of the school, and Mina the other half."

"Mom, don't stop them, please," Ashlee said, her gaze suddenly sharpening. "I think someone might actually die today."

"Is that so?" I said softly. My daughters froze, and then jammed their fingers into their ears.

Then I bellowed, "Mina and Amber Christian, you stop this madness at once!"

Silence fell upon the entire school--even the sirens outside felt diminished. A hundred heads turned my way, and I finally spotted the troublesome duo at the heart of it, their hands around each other's throats.

"For three years--three damned years--I've been putting up with your little quirks and visiting this school like I'm enrolled here myself, but you just made me miss an important flight today. I'm going to count to three, and if you don't come here by that time, I'm leaving you back where I found you."

No sooner had I said it than Mina and Amber scurried to me, red-faced and crying. I added shock to their expressions when I slapped each of them once, before drawing them both into a hug.

"Girls, I would like to think I raised you better than to fight over boys--and start a school riot while you're at it."

They babbled in protest, but I hushed them. "Enough. I wish this never happened, but there will be consequences for today."

"Mom, what will they do to us?" Amber whispered.

"I don't know. But I promise you one thing--" I brushed her hair and kissed Mina's cheek. "I'll be there with you."

***

*Check out my [sub](http://reddit.com/r/nonsenselocker) for more stories!*