It was an average, boring night. Birds were nestled down in the trees that swayed peacefully in the wind. At the side of my bed, a sleepy cat lays dormant under the pale moonlight. It's quite odd, thinking about it now. So long ago I adopted him. In the shelter, at the very back, he slept peacefully in his cage. Perhaps he knew. Knew I would adopt him that fateful day.

He never made a sound, never begged to be adopted. He was calm, and yet, something terrible happened.

As I was lying in my bed, sleeping, I felt a paw nudge me softly. I rolled over, not thinking about it and just wanted to fall back asleep. But, I felt it again. I got up, and spoke quietly, petting this sweet ball of fur.

"Now, now, what do you want, Leo?"
He stared at me. His green eyes shining. Leo was worried but I didn't know what he was worried about. I kept petting him, not saying a word. He spoke softly.

"Your highness, please, we must go."
I was shocked, my heart beating. A cat just talked?! I must be crazy! I stared in disbelief, and the orange tabby spoke again.

"Hurry! Please, follow me. It's incredibly dangerous out here in the open." Without thinking, I follow. He lept from the bed onto the cool wooden floor. Moving fast, we raced down the stairs and into my basement. It was silent. The cat runs to the couch under the window. He pushes it with his paw and, to my surprise, it moves. As the couch is pushed it slowly reveals a hidden passage. He runs through it and I follow, crawling on my hands and knees. We make it to the other side. I turn my head to see as I leave my house. Down the passage was completely dark. Something was definately off, though. As I continued staring, I saw eyes. They were glowing white, and then a smile. Teeth were shown, glowing almost as bright as the creatures eyes. It was moving fast through the passage, slithering like a snake. Leo stops and grabs a large, metal knife. He taps the handle, and it starts glowing a bright white. Mist comes off the handle.

"GO! Your highness I can not continue the journey with you, get to the land of liores! It is where your kingdom lies." Leo dashes into the passage. A battle of light and dark. Before leaving, I heard a loud, ear-piercing meow of terror. And then the sound of metal crashing to the ground. Tears left my eyes as I ran towards a large field of flowers.

Many cats were picking the flowers and talking. As I reached them, they stopped and looked at me. I was confused, my face red with tears. They spoke.

"Oh my! Our queen, our queen! Your back, finally! Sir Leo was looking for you for ages. To stop this curse of darkness that has threatened to take this kingdoms light. Please, come with us!"

The other cat stops.
"Hold on, Molly! Before you take our highness to the kingdom.." She turns yo me. "What's wrong? And where is sir Leo?"

Molly and I stopped. I couldn't stop crying. They both knew, without needing to say anything. Molly's head hung low. We all left to the kingdom, sadness filling our hearts. I arrived at the kingdom shortly after.

Sir Leo had a funeral, the entire kingdom mourned for his loss. There were scrolls about the ancient prophecy. It spoke of a great evil, that appeared as a dark, shapeless shadow. I was the key to ending it. The battle has begun. The battle of light and dark.