It's always cold and I'm always naked when I take these trips. Imagine having to get naked and pack your clothes every time you board a flight? And like an airport, there's no privacy because time travel requires a lot of people doing sciency things in the same room with you for some reason.  At least a satchel with all the necessary goods materialized a few seconds after I graced the world with my presence in the woods on a sunny spring morning outside of Linz, Austria. Unfortunately, all but the satchel straps materialized in a cow grazing a few yards away from me - instantly killing the beast and creating a bit of a challenge that I eventually overcame with a tree branch 15 minutes and a lot of blood and gagging later.

After taking a very quick dip in the creek to scrub the bovine off I didn't waste any time getting my wool suit and boots on. Checking my bag further for the only other items allowed in this competition - enough Vereinsthaler (or whatever you call it) silver coins to purchase the needed items for the day, a pocket watch, and my hunting party invitation. Mr Goldstein from 2036 would be known as Mr Shinerbock to anyone who encountered me here.

Last year's winner got Hitler killed in the trenches of WWI, gaining trust among the ranks as a fellow Bavarian soldier over a few months and then framing the little führer with a letter to the enemy detailing Bavarian battalion movements in the coming months. The traveler was a history buff, so it wasn't hard for him to come up with something to convince their commander that Hitler was working for the British. Mr mustache was summarily executed by a firing squad. The year before another traveler made him mentally handicapped by slipping a healthy dose of lead into his pregnant mom's tea at a cafe. Another winner from years past, my personal favorite - Hitler won a couple tickets from a drawing to be one of the first passengers on the Titanic's maiden voyage! 

Some of the time travel rules are weird. I won't bore you with details, but the being naked part, no sex with relatives (that actually happened), and the no killing part take the cake. The first two rules are man-made to limit risks, but the no killing rule is a Time rule...if that makes sense? Something, supernatural or otherwise, always takes over and fowls up the situation if a traveler tries to kill someone in the past with their present hands.  So we have to get creative.

I purchased a rifle, ammo, and some sausage from the local market on my way to the hunting party. I even managed to rent a horse. Impressive. A short while later and I was shaking hands with the 5 other members of the pheasant hunting party on Frankenberger farms. 

There was the short and stout, Mr Shrader - "Guten Tag!"

The elderly organizer, Mr Bravel - "Gruss Got"

The local magistrate, Mr Brunner - "Guten Tag"

Frankenberger the farmer - "Gruss Got"

And Mr Hitler - "Guten Tag!!"

I apologized for my rough German and expressed my excitement and how much I was looking forward to this hunt as an American wanting to reconnect with his Austrian roots. 

We spread out in groups of two covering the wheat field as our hunt began. Mr Hitler was kind enough to let me join him after we struck up a very interesting conversation about our recent ancestry. It appears we may have the same great grandfather through his mother. Fascinating! 

Almost an hour into the hunt and I was the only member of the party who still had no kills. Mr Hitler, proud after downing his third bird, suggested I may need to go after bigger and slower game. I laughed and pondered out loud that my rifle sites may not be aligned correctly, maybe I could try his? He obliged and we traded. 

Another pheasant and another missed opportunity. Drats! Alois,  Mr. Hitler's first name, joked that the sites were most likely not the problem. He then froze, zeroing in on some movement in the wheat 30 yards away, and gutturally muttered something about my aim needing to be steady - that he would prove it by downing the bird with my own rifle. 

The pheasant took flight, the rifle exploded, and my new friend Alois unfortunately was on the receiving end of this rifle explosion. The barrel apparently became obstructed with something causing it to explode and backfire into Alois Hitler's face, ending his life almost immediately. It was a glorious moment. I know this is the part where I should say it weighed on me heavily to devise a seemingly innocent man's death. And if it were really me that traveled to the 1860's I don't know if I could have done it. But it wasn't really whoever you thinks me is. Simply put - it was a version of me on a mission. The science behind me not really being me is too complicated to go into detail for an adhd short story, but I promise you that most of me was there. Anywho...

The other half of Adolf Hitler was born a few years later, but this time as Adolf Frankenberger.  He shortened his surname to Frank as a young man when he pursued a career as a successful artist in Paris. 

I have a few of his prints hanging in my office. 

Lovely work.