The street didn’t exactly bustle. With all the space on the city pavement, the stream of office workers could have easily flowed. Only, there were points here and there where they clumped up, a magnetic repulsion pushing them into each other and causing the inevitable backlog that comes from traffic.

Sitting on the floor, the man’s patched bunnet drawn low and bowed head hid his eyes, not that anyone so much as glanced at him. His jacket had also seen better years, squares of tartan where leather had once been, joined by fraying thread. Rather than stonewashed, the fade to his jeans came from a long life of use on stone slabs.

Propped up against him was a simple sign, which read: Need munny fer booz. A tin—made of a tinny metal, every coin dropped in ringing loudly, and which once boasted an assortment of Scottish shortbread—joined the sign, some loose change scattered across the bottom in a thin layer.

Now and then, someone stopped in the empty space around him and added another coin to the collection. When they did, he dipped his head and made a gruff sound that may have been, “Ta.”

To ask why he sat there—if he didn’t just ignore you and actually told you the whole story—would take rather a long time. On a broad level, it was summer for the northern hemisphere. As far as why Edinburgh, well, he could waffle on about the beauty of the area, and the quality of the air, and the rates of charity versus cost of a good, calorie-dense meal. However, the real answer lay more in sentimentality than anything else.

Such an answer only raises more questions to ask, of course. To ask if he really travelled south for winter, or if he really did know how generous various cities were to beggars (and how much a pastie costs in them as well,) or what memories he had in Edinburgh—each would have been so natural as to roll off the tongue without thinking. To answer the last question, though, would take a rather long time. Given his leathery albeit unwrinkled skin, one might put his age anywhere between thirty and fifty and be wrong on the order of two magnitudes. Before most fallen empires had even been born, he lived.

Calendars more an observation about how long the days were back then, he couldn’t give his exact birthday, but, with a bit of deducing and rounding, he was around four thousand years old. He’d lived a long life in the Scottish highlands, and then it kept going and going. At first, he moved around now and then, before anyone grew suspicious of his unageing appearance. That worked well enough for a couple of thousand of years. As civilisation started to become a thing, though, it became more difficult. People were more suspicious of strangers, and the trades he’d learned required paperwork, so he had to slog through apprenticeships for a few years work—before he had to move on again. Eventually, he came to rely on the church’s charity, tired of any and all bureaucracy. The only problem was that holy men lived long lives and had long memories, forcing him further afield when his face became too familiar.

With plenty of time, he became comfortable sleeping on grass and hay, and then later even dirt and stone paths posed no problem. His only need now being food, he turned to begging at butchers at the end of the day, cooking what scraps there were on rough fires; he would try bakers and grocers too, but his long past left him rather attached to a bit of meat—even if he couldn’t name what part of a cow it came from. As he understood more of the begging profession, he turned to collecting coin. At first, some days were slow enough he went hungry. Over the many years, those days became rarer until they went extinct, always at least one warm meal a day. The last half a millennia or so had treated him particularly well, foodstuffs of all kinds entering the markets and prices going down.

To then ask why, well, that was two questions. To ask why he was immortal would get a plain answer: he believed he had been cursed. After so many years, he couldn’t say who or why, but his belief was very firm.

Then, to ask why he’d turned to begging rather than any kind of power or fame over the many years would get another plain answer.

“I’m a simple man.”