Sometimes she thought her life was much more exciting than it had any right to be. When she looked back at her childhood, she didn’t remember everything being so...intense. Movies and books and such were, of course, but her life had always been much calmer than that when she was young. She couldn’t remember exactly when that had changed, but drama filled nearly every aspect of her life now, and that was how it had been for almost as long as she could remember.

For the moment, though, things seemed calm. She sipped her coffee, slipping over to the floor-to-ceiling windows and leaning her head against the cool glass. Rain pattered against the window, dripping and pooling on the off-white tile of her balcony overlooking the roiling waves of the ocean. Lightning streaked across the swirling indigo sky, thunder rumbling close behind, and she smiled. Her home was perfect - and she didn’t even have to pay for it. She couldn’t remember why, exactly, but that was how it had been for almost as long as she could remember.

She walked away from the window, her steps echoing off gleaming onyx walls, descending down her spiral staircase as she sipped her coffee. Halfway down, though, she slipped and tumbled down the rest of the stairs, her mug flying out of her hand and shattering, and her leg twisting and making a sickening crack and when she hit the bottom. She sighed, pushing herself up to a sitting position and waiting. 1, 2, 3... and her leg straightened itself out, painlessly snapping back into place. She wasn’t sure she remembered healing like that as a child, but that was how it had been now for almost as long as she could remember.

She pushed herself back to her feet, stooping to pick up her coffee mug, which had reassembled itself - although it was now sadly devoid of coffee. She pursed her lips, irritated that she’d have to go back upstairs to get more coffee later. She moved forward, stepping into her bedroom and heading for her closet. The lights flicked on as she passed by, and her eyes roamed over the neatly arranged four-room closet, searching for something to switch into. She wasn’t sure where all these clothes had come from or why it always seemed like the perfect outfit was hidden somewhere within no matter how random or outlandish, but that was how it had been for almost as long as she could remember.

And the assortment of outfits inside was truly astounding; but she’d needed something different for each job she’d held - and she’d had so many different jobs throughout the years. She’d been a spy for the intelligence agency, but she’d been turned to the enemy’s side for a time when they captured someone she held dear (although for the life of her, she couldn’t remember who anymore); she’d been a chef at a five star restaurant, tasked with preparing food for the elite of New York - or was it Tokyo?; she’d been a famous singer renowned for her unique alto vibrato; she’d been the long-lost princess of a small country no one had ever heard of; she’d been a mob boss. She couldn’t remember how she’d picked up the skills for any of these different jobs, but that was how it had been for almost as long as she could remember.

She sifted through the clothing, eventually finding a sweater and some leggings that looked acceptable for lounging around the house. Moving to the mirror, she held the sweater up to her, admiring how the color complemented her eyes - of course, everything looked perfect on her no matter how ridiculous, so that was hardly saying something. She started to turn away from the mirror, preparing to change, when the strangest flicker caught her eye - it looked as though the mirror itself briefly twisted out of existence. Startled she looked into the mirror’s depths, and it flickered again - but this time, she caught the briefest glimpse of something other than herself in the mirror. Something with a different hair color, different face shape, something that was wearing a bulky, odd-looking pair of glasses over its eyes. Then the mirror flicked back into place. Confused and disturbed, she reached up to brush her face where the nonexistent glasses should be, expecting to find only empty air, but her fingers pressed against something hard and cold. 

She tugged, and the glasses slid off.