So, I wasn’t the best doctor in the world. In fact, depending on whom you ask... I was one of the worst ones in the country. Here’s the thing: I have shaky hands. It’s stupid, I’m a young man, but I can barely eat cereal in the morning some days. 

So, imagine my surprise when I got my ass royally kicked by the realities of being a nurse. It took them all of a month to decide I wasn’t fit to be a doctor, even though my knowledge base was solid. 

Without experience, I didn’t have a prayer of becoming a teacher either, so I was stuck... or so it would seem. Over the past year, my part time job at an antiques store seemed to pay me back in ways I could never have guessed. It was there that I started to realize how amazing of a contact my aged boss, the owner of the store, really was. It was there that I started to uncover the ancient texts. 

They were, well... ancient. Clearly, but they also had a certain timelessness to them that was almost as perplexing as their contents. I’d merely taken them as curiosities when I first started buying them until my pet goldfish died. Then, it was made all too clear to me that these were not to be trifled with. 

All it took was two days, and my fishy was back up to 500% liveliness. Incredible, but one goldfish was not enough evidence. So I needed more. Here is where my descent into the world of necromancy begins. 

Her name was Sharon. An unassuming woman, a few years older than myself but not ‘old’ by any description. I met her at a fast food joint. Her husband had stood her up, and my penchant for bison into other people’s business was legendary. 

A small talk, a few words, and she explains how her illness has progressed. I could do a cursory examination and tell that she really was sick. Months left, at most. Then, she drops her bomb on me: she doesn’t even care anymore. In that moment, the part of me that I had hidden... the kicked puppy that was my wounded ego took over, whispering an insidious, tender promise to her. 

“It’s a good thing you ran into me, Sharon... because I can help you. Help you in ways no one else ever could. Come with me. I’ll make it all better... I promise.”

She was vulnerable, and I took her in with my deluded charms. When we arrived at my apartment, I invited her in and told her to sit while I prepared my workspace. It was a simple affair, and when I was finished I had already set up the ritual artefacts and my necessary tools. 

I laid her down then, and she seemed to relax as I calmed her fears with one hand while plunging my dagger with the other. 

That first kill... it was exhilarating. As the life left her eyes, new life seemed to enter into me as I performed my first rite. 

Then, it was several days of uninterrupted chanting, ceremony and simple rote performance that saw her start to stir once more. 

The thing that made necromancy evil was the usually unwilling nature of it. This time, it was consensual, and unbeknownst to her, I had been judiciously preparing for her appearance in my life. So, when she opened her eyes, she looked to me and gave me a bewildered smile. She took a deep, easy breath and spoke airily.

“I... I can hardly believe it...”

I nodded, finally allowing myself to relax as I took stock of my current situation.

“Me too. This went perfectly, at least, as far as I can see. Could I ask something... selfish, of you?”

She looked at me more seriously as I cleared my throat.

“As far as anyone else is concerned... you could just disappear. You’ve been missing for almost a week now and no one has been looking for you. I’d like to keep an eye on your progress anyways, so... stay with me? At least until I’m sure you aren’t going to...”

She nodded, standing up and stretching herself as she spoke. 

“Of course. Besides... I want to see where this goes.”