My head is spinning, my ears are ringing. I hear screams around me, shouts of horror and confusion of something I can't decipher. My hands go up to my head, pressing hard on the temples, trying to calm the ache. I blink once, but it's dark and I stagger forward, unable to balance my stance. 

I feel a body slam my shoulder and I fall to the ground, knees and palms scraping the asphalt. I hear a man's voice grumbling beside me, swearing at me before he is gone again. I open my eyes, and I see footsteps running, stumbling, walking. they are steps of fear, full of questions.

As I slowly stand up, I see faces, unfamiliar faces. i hear voices I can't remember hearing before, spilling out words I can't understand. Some of them are yelling at each other, the words completely different from one another. I realize they're speaking different languages.

And I feel even more confused. What is this? What is going on? Why are they speaking different languages with each other? What is this place? Where am I?

I look around at the people who look as confused as I am. I see foreign cars parked in the middle of the road. traffic is not moving, drivers and passengers are out on the streets, talking in foreign languages, although they all look like they have been living in the same culture and upbringing.

I feel out of place, I do not belong here, but how did I get here? This is an unfamiliar place for me. I am trying so hard to wake up, wishing I am in the most realistic dream I have ever had. but as I turn around, my head and body facing the floor to ceiling glass window of a shop, the reflection is telling me something I had not thought of.

I walk closer, wishing so bad that my eyes are fooling me,  but the image on the glass does not change, not even a bit. My wavy shoulder-length hair is now short and swept back, my eyes that used to be brown are now green, my olive skin has somewhat become pale, I am so much taller than I originally was and I now know I am not dreaming, because I can feel the spiky five o'clock shadow on my face.

who the hell am I? what happened to my body? I start to panic, looking around for help. but I do not know where to go, who to talk to, because these people are frantically moving around, talking nonsense that I do not have the reaction to. 

"English?! English?! Anyone speak English?! Please?! Anyone?!" I yell, trying to get someone's attention.

"Hey! over here! I speak English!", I hear a man speaks with a Japanese accent, so I turn around, expecting to see a Japanese guy, but I am met with a tall, skinny white man.

p/s: hi guys! my name is fae and this is my first attempt at writing prompts. do you guys have any advice? what do you think about my story? should I continue? I hope you guys could give some guidance or tips on writing better prompts. thanks so much!