Abrobox, first commander of the milky way theater, sits down at the bar. The bar tender looks up, surprised to see him there. The Space Force frowns upon drinking. And, the first commander none the less!

"Sir. What would you like? On the house."

"I'm third generation in the expansion branch of our space force. My kids will probably join up to. But, I just don't know what our Army is coming to. I mean, what they are doing on Earth... it's just not right."

The bar tender knows better than to pry. "Times have changed, sir"
The commander goes on "My father was the first scout on the ground. We though, a bunch of animals, no sign of space flight - some apes were creating lights and some really basic technology - but a few soldiers should have been able to secure a base.

"Instead, he gets caught. It turns out the Humans have one hell of a weapons collection. And, right at that time, they are trying out every weapon they have on each other. I guess, it was the biggest war they had ever had, and were calling it 'World War II'. When they dropped that atom bomb, he knew more than an away party was going to be needed to secure even a base.

"So, I enlisted. I thought I could finish my fathers mission. Avenge all his fallen comrades those humans carved up 'for science' they said. Ugh. 

"Except - when I get back, there population has TRIPLED, and they STILL haven't figured out how to get off their planet. I mean, a few of them floated around it, but still. The scouts come back - there weapons are even more advanced. Some could even hit us in orbit! So I report back - hoping to send some big ships in and just put this doomed species - and it is doomed, you should see how contaminated this planet is - out of its misery and start cleaning the place up. It's a nice planet, once you get past the mess. 

Well, now I'm sidelined. Military force isn't needed, I'm told. 

They've sent in a 'Social Engineering War Fare Task Force'."

The bartender can't help him self "What's that now?"

"They are dropping in all over the world, and helping the humans develop weapons, stirring up discord. Humans are so reliant on a text based communication system 'The internet' - so its really easy to trick them. The plan is to push divisive leaders to the top, help develop technology that increases their isolation, push fake stories and undermine science- just let them wipe themselves out."

The Bartender blurts out "That's kind of genius!"

The Commander looks up "They are going to destroy the planet! It's a nice planet - lots of water, interesting plants and animals. Huge range of climates. These human weapons will ruin it all. Our army - we can go in and clean things out - a ray zap, disintegrates the target into some nice fertilizer, really keeps things in balance. Yes, its dangerous, and hard work - but it really keeps the place nice and clean for us to move in. And you know who they are going to send in to clean up this mess - it won't be the 'Social Engineering War Fare Task Force' - it'll be my guys down there."

"I see sir. So, about that drink, can I get you something?"
