There were a number of ways you could tell that Aelopus was winning.

The obvious way, of course, was by the stack of tokens piling up on his side of the board. The tabletop was metaphysical, as was the glowing blue-green orb floating in the middle of the four angels, which meant that there was no physical limit to the number of trophies which Aelopus could collect. Still, his end was overflowing, and once or twice he had to rearrange his collection, exchange a million or so smaller-value icons into a single, higher-value one. 

The other way was simply to observe the extremely sour faces around the table. Of the other three, Drolpor was currently in the foulest mood, possibly because he had had to skip yet another turn, his sixty-fifth consecutive missed century. 

“Flaming shit,” Drolpor said, as his dice spun and came to a stop.

“You’re stuck again,” said Aelopus, already reaching for his turn. “No resurrection this turn it seems.”

“Yeah, I can count, can’t I?” Bennur said, sitting back in a huff. 

“Look, maybe we can toss him a Chance card, eh?” asked Chutema, who had displayed a willingness to bend the rules more than once already. “This is a four-player game, not three. Geez, cut him some slack.”

“No, we cannot,” said Drolpor, who had been keeping very still this session. This was the first thing he had said in ages, ever since he had failed the Evolution roll spectacularly a couple of millennia back. “Rules are rules, and if we’re going to win this, we’re going to win this fairly.”

“It’s alright, you know,” said Aelopus, a bit too loftily to come off naturally. “It’s just a game. I don’t mind restarting. There’s no way you guys are going to make a come-back. If you guys really want, I can even let you…”

“Don’t say it!” said Bennur. “I don’t want to frickin’ hear it!”

“… pick Human next,” said Aelopus, the slyest of grins settling on the corner of his lips. “Though you’ll see, it’s the skill of the player that counts more, really. I wouldn’t mind taking one of your Species, really.”

“Don’t fall for it, guys,” said Drolpor, eyes narrowed. “He’s trying to rile you. We still have a chance. Just play on.”

That was when Bennur slammed his fist down on his side of the board, throwing Earth into minor disarray. In that reality, a couple of earthquakes in quick succession reconfigured the geographical layout of the northern hemisphere, spawning a couple of doomsday cults which died out as quickly as they began. 

“Play on!” said Bennur. “Aelopus, I’m going to make you eat your words when the Chimera run freely on the face of the Earth again!”

Bennur rankled too because, for a brief moment, it did seem like his Chimera would indeed be the first to conquer the Earth. Yet, he currently trailed the others by thousands of points, with his Species teetering on the edge of extinction. Turns out that it didn’t matter if you had a strong early-game, what with the best characteristics of a goat, a snake and a lion combined. The Chimeras’ fate was sealed once Bennur had an unlucky roll, which situated the starting base for the Chimeras right smack amongst the one civilization on Earth which not only lacked any measure of fear of them, but instead, *relished* hunting them.

It took just two generations for Aelopus’ Chinese to completely wipe out the Chimeras. To add humiliation to defeat, the Chimeras not only boosted the Chinese economy, but also fortified their young once Aelopus unlocked the “Advanced Recipes” knowledge tree.

“How?” asked Aelopus. “The only remaining strains of your Species is trapped in ember beneath a thousand miles of hard earth, and I’ve just rolled six generations of Native Local Tribes! The entire tract of land is going to be marked for conservation for yonks!”

“Oh yea?” said Chutema, rising to the bait. “I may just get a lucky roll myself, right? Maybe I’ll evolve, find a Genetic Vulnerability, wipe out all your previous Natives?” Chutema’s Species icon, a helical structure of proteins, glowed brightly from within his clenched fist. “I cut your Humans down once before, I can do it again!”

“Pfft,” said Aelopus. “That Black Plague was effective, but that was more luck than anything. Besides, you borderline cheated.”

“Say what!” Chutema rose in his seat, his ill temper flaring so quickly that it caught Bennur by surprise.

“Cheeeeating,” said Aelopus, rolling his eyes. “A Virus is not an animal. We said we would pick four animals, and race to see who could conquer the Earth first.”

“They are an animal!” shouted Chutema. “The first page of Google is wrong!”

“Gentlemen!” said Drolpor. “As Gamemaster, I must advise you to cut the smack talk! I’m docking points for every unnecessary rib from now on!”

“Oh looky looky,” said Aelopus. “Bennur and Chutema need their big brother to help them play a game.”

“Minus five points,” said Drolpor, as he snapped his fingers. At that instant, an aged nuclear silo went into meltdown, and a sizable portion of the eastern hemisphere developed radiation sickness from the fallout. A few stacks of tokens disappeared from Aelopus’ stockpile. “Anyone got anything to add?” asked Drolpor.

They played on in silence for a few more rounds after that, each passing the dice to the other wordlessly. 

Bennur sulked. 

So did Chutema.

Only Drolpor seemed upbeat, studying his collected Chance cards intently. He frequently peered over at Bennur’s and Chutema’s cards, as if he was calculating moves not just for himself, but for all three of them.

“Why do you even bother?” asked Bennur. “We’ve lost, can’t you see?”

“Game hasn’t ended,” said Drolpor.

“FFS,” said Chutema. “Let’s just restart. You’ve just spent the last few turns doing squat. You were our last hope, geez.”

“Just a few more turns,” said Drolpor.

“Few more turns?” Aelopus said, leering from over the massive reservoir of resources on his end of the board. “You’ve multiplied your numbers, that’s for sure. But without any inroads into Science or Culture, what chance do you have against my Humans?”

The only reply Drolpor deigned to give was that impenetrable grin, as he continued to make questionable trade-offs and suspect rolls. Once or twice, he would perk up with a suggestion for Bennur, a thought for Chutema, guiding their Species, moving them in directions Aelopus could not read. 

Slowly, doubt began to find its way into Aelopus’ bosom.

But I have won, haven’t I? thought Aelopus, as he studied the boardstate critically. 85% of all hospitable land on Earth was his to rule, and every piece of land left untouched was by choice. His humans were living to 200 years on average, more than four times the starting lifespan he was given. They were even beginning to make concrete forays into the stars.

“Aha!” yelled Drolpor, as he drew from the Chance pile. “Finally!”

“Finally?” asked Aelopus.

“You are already dead,” said Drolpor, with a smile.

“What…”

Drolpor cricked his necks, flexed his fingers. He gathered his cards, the set that he had been so carefully pruning from the start of the game, then flipped them all over at once. He spread them out, then started reciting from the left.

“Bennur, I play Volcanic Eruption. You have no defences against that, I made sure of it when I discarded all three Angelic Interferences in play. You are forced to sit and watch as the last shards of your Species’ DNA is set loose from their earthen dungeons by waves of lava.”

“Dick,” said Bennur, hotly. “You just killed me.”

“Not quite, not quite,” said Drolpor, wagging a finger. “Because this is when I play What Are The Odds, combined with Forced Acquisition. Chutema, I am seizing your last few Wild Evolution cards, hand them over.”

“What!” said Chutema. “I need them! I need them all! It’s my only chance to beat down the swelling Human populations!”

“Forget it,” said Drolpor. “You see what Aelopus has been holding in his hand for the last few generations? If I am not wrong, he’s got a Forced Extermination and two Interrupt: Quarantines all ready for any nasty outbreaks you can spring on him. No, no, your Wild Evolution cards only stand a chance if I use them together with my resources, hit him where he can’t see.”

As Chutema handed over the cards, Aelopus finally found his voice. “What are you doing? You’re ganging up on me, that’s not fair!”

“No one’s ganging up on you,” said Drolpor. “This is all me. Now, observe.”

Drolpor’s hands moved like a magician’s, swiftly, weaving over the cards as he combined and played them. The pile of Chance cards shimmered with energy, flitting into Drolpor’s play whenever he beckoned.

“Wild Evolution into Ember Shards into Unnatural Alliance. There, the last of the Chimera DNA strains are merged with Chutema’s Viruses. Rolling… a natural 12, nice. The product has a Resiliance Rating of 20, which immediately wipes out every single Human in the territory…”

On the globe, a sizable portion of the Earth, about the size of Aelopus’ fist, went dark. 

“I… I… I play Smiting!” said Aelopus, flinging a golden card into the fray. “And a Consecration! A Cleansing! I meet your Chimera Virus head on!”

“Remember when I told you I was building my numbers, Aelopus?” asked Drolpor. “I play Vector Factor, and my Cockroaches pick up whatever you were not able to smite. Another natural roll of 12, perfect. My Cockroaches disperse, scattering to the winds, carrying with them the code for the end game.”

“I playing Raid! Black Flag! Hot Shot!” yelled Aelopus. “I use Titans of Industry! Every single insecticide manufacturer, united in a common cause!”

“Too late,” said Drolpor. “Because I have drawn the one card I needed.”

Drolpor laid down the last card in his hand, face-up. The other three Angels leaned in, and Bennur was the first to understand.

“Well, what do you know,” said Bennur.

“I never thought there would be a use for Defence Against the DDT Arts, but there it is.”

“End-game,” said Drolpor, as the last of the tokens vanished from Aelopus’ board.

--- 

/r/rarelyfunny