     Hello, my name is Gary Smith, but I’m more commonly referred to by my Superhero name, The Administrator. 


     I started off just like everyone else. Just another guy in a world full of superheroes, super villains, and normal people just living their lives in between these two groups. 


     My life started the same as everyone else, I was just a kid in high school when my powers first kicked in. I was sitting in Math class trying to figure out a difficult problem. My head had been hurting for days and as I struggled to figure out the math problem, I felt my brain shifting and my perceptions changing...


     Suddenly I saw the answers to all of the most complex math problems! Everywhere I looked I saw the patterns in things and the interconnectedness in all things. 


     Soon I was able to see as I walked around the stats of everyone and everything around me. I saw signs over people which showed who might manifest superhuman abilities and the percentages of what types of powers might manifest. 


     Soon I submitted myself to become trained at the Federally run Superhuman College. My powers were under rated at first, after all they’re not as flashy as those with flight and super strength, but my powers show me how best to recognize patterns through the chaos of the world. I can see how best to train others in their powers and I know how help push other heroes and villains to do things with their powers that they never dreamed were possible. 


     I my powers show me the patterns of all things. The probable future, based on current trends and patterns. I see how people think and I can even see how to effect the patterns in the universe to make changes in the future of the universe. A Kind word here, an act of charity there can prevent a potential future superhuman from becoming a Villain or keep a hero true. 

     
     I’ve become a Trainer at the Superhuman College. Recently I have been working with a girl who has the power to generate radiation whenever she is emotional. The heat she generates can fuel a nuclear power plant. So I’ve been working with her to train her to control her emotions so she can be free to walk among normal humanity without risking killing anyone. For now, she has to wear a suit while she struggles to control her emotions. But we’ve also helped build a chamber connected to a Nuclear Power Plant for her. 


     She’s  free to be as emotional in there as possible and the radioactive energy given off will be enough to power seven states, and all it costs us to maintain is a Netflix account with a stream of Dramas and comedies. 


     I’ve also worked with a boy who glows. While his power doesn’t seem to impress many people, I’ve been working with him to help train him in extreme relief efforts where light is hard to come by. Undersea divers, deep cave relief efforts, and other areas where light is needed, but equipment space is very valuable. 


     While he might not be considered as flashy as those who fly and have super strength, his powers are more useful and he can save more people in casual relief efforts. He won’t be worshipped like the Celebrity Heroes on TV, but every normal human rescued will be eternally grateful. 



     So I find those who have powers and can go either way, hero or Villain. I play chess with a Mega Intelligent Superhuman. He could go either way but we play chess. I distract him with the complicated chess games we play together. Ten games at the same time. We play for hours and I talk to him about Ethics and Philosophy. I try to get him thinking of how to make the world a better place. So far, I have the feeling he could become one of the greatest heroes of all time. 


     But the work that I’m most proudest of, though I rarely discuss it with others. I how to the Mega Security Prisons to talk to the Villains who’ve been caught and I seek to find ways to help redeem them. Sometimes I’m successful in getting through to them and the government gives them a new Promotional Super Hero Identity. They can earn points towards gaining their probation and eventually, their freedom back into society. 


     It’s not a perfect system, but I’m able to see past the lies of those who try to lie to me and get to the Truth. I see the Patterns in everything, I am the Administrator. 