                                               ---- Adin ----


"Adin, I think Jedovah thinks he's Chosen." were the first words Morie spoke to me upon my return to the manor.

"Don't be ridiculous, what makes you say that?" I said as I waved my hand and made my cloak and scabbard hang themselves up, I admit he did seem distant of late, but Chosen? Our child? My Child, the Chosen? It seemed inconceivable.

Morie looked at me and finally I conceded "I'll talk to him when he gets home from his friends." I wrapped my arms around her and went on "He is fourteen, the distance could just be he's at that awkward age... I would not worry about it." I ruffled her hair.

"But... what if he is? Would you..." She left the rest unsaid, but I knew what was worried about.

"No, Morie. I wouldn't. It's just him being fourteen. You needn't worry about anything." I said as I kissed her forehead.

When Jedovah came back, it was difficult not to be angry with him, making his mother worry. Morie had pandered too much to the boy, while I had been away from the estate on business. I had seen it with my own magic. "I will speak to you in the Study, Jedovah."

When he arrived, he had a wooden sword at his side, and on it was etched a Hero's Crest. "Where did you get that Sword?"

"This?" He said as he swung it around "Me and 'ma friends were playing heros and villans aaaand I was the hero" he said smiling, and laughing...

"Do you think that's appropriate, in any shape or form, Jedovah?" - I said in a rather less sombre manner than I had planned, his attitude had soften me. I had planed on perhaps, disciplining the boy. 

"Why wouldn't it be? The bad guy won, right? The hero lost."

"No, Jedovah - that is not what happened. Have the scholars not taught you history properly? Have they not taught you about the Grand War?" I wish my magic was as powerful as it once had been - I would have not needed to have asked and would have known exactly what Jedovah had covered with the scholars, but age and using it on the fields, making them fertile again from the ash that had been left from the war.

"But, dad... the scholar's lessons are so boring! 'sides - all my friends say the bad guy won, and, and their parents say that in their grandfather's time - they had a great king who was kindhearted and... "

"And...?"

"And that's it."

"Well, I think perhaps you should listen to the scholar's lessons, and spend less time listening to your friends who lack the expertise to teach you. That's it. You should get to bed, son" 

"Okay dad, are we gonna go hunting at the weekend? I wanna see you use your magic!"

"Yes - I did promise, didn't I? I never break my promises. Now if you pay more attention to your scholars, you'll be able to do it, too."

He had said nothing about vanquishing evil, Morie was reading too much into his innocent comments. 


                                            ------- Mikel -------


"Mikel! You better give it back. "

"Or what Jedafuck? You can't do shit, your dad's this amazing hot-as-shit fucking Mage, and you can't even cast a firebolt? What must he think? I reckon he's disappointed. I reckon I'll keep this sword. After all, the bad guy won in real life. Right?" I said laughing... The fucking shits playing all day, when some of us had to work. I hate them the rich kids. 

"I'm telling my dad!" 

"Go ahead, Jedafuck. You always go home running to him, he's not gonna be able to bail you out forever!" I still wasn't giving him the sword.

I walked away, and heard the little shit crying in the distance. I was about to toss the sword in the river, when I noticed the mark on it. I recognised it from somewhere, I'd have to ask  my father when I got home.

When I arrived home, my father was asleep on the chair. So I went upstairs to my room and see if I could copy the symbol. I was sure I had seen the symbol before.

"Good evening, Adin."

"Hello Roel, sorry for disturbing you so late - but I think Mikel has something of Jedovah's."

I came running down the stairs.... with Jedovah's little wooden sword in my hand... and handed it to Sir Krael.

"Sorry, Sir Krael, I didn't mean to be...."

"You can call me Adin, Mikel. Look don't be too hard on Jedovah, okay, Mikel? You're older than him, so he looks up to you."

"Yes Si....  Adin. I won't."

He took the wooden sword, and left the house.

My father grabbed me "Look, keep away from Jedovah, and Adin, and especially don't do something stupid to annoy them. Mikel, listen to me, son - Adin is old, very old. You don't get that old without the Dark Lord's say so."

"How old is he? Older than Grandpa?"

"He's centuries old. My Grandfather said his grandfather had warned him to stay away from Adin. He probably remembers the damn Grand War. Was probably in it."

"Really? That's so cool..."

"No, it isn't. The Dark Lord control's everything. The Dark Lord won the war. He would not have that kind of power, and not be on the Dark Lord's side."

"Has anyone seen the Dark Lord, like ever? What does he do? All adults say that if you do anything 'bad' the Dark Lord will come get you, wouldn't he only come if you did something 'good' if he's so against good and for ba...." I felt a clip around the head "Ouch!"

"If I hear another smart remark like that from you Mikel, I'll get my manticorebone cane and give you something really to think about." 

"Yes, father" - I replied as I slipped out of the living room, and went to my room.

When I looked out of my window and saw in the distance Adin looking at the sword with it in one hand, and he had a firebolt in his other hand - and he looked like he was confused about what to do. Then the firebolt disappeared and he seemed to just trudge on.

                                                ---Jedovah---

I had talked to ma friends, and I know what I wanted, no what I needed to do. I could feel it in my body and my bones. I had to escape this life and go on an adventure. I had to face the Dark Lord and free the land. I hoped my mom and dad get why I needed to leave.

I packed all my things - some clothes, some food, my wooden sword, and a bow and a few arrows that Mikel had given to me from his dad's workshop. 
Mikel had been a lot nicer after my visit from dad, I wonder what he said... When I said to Mikel I was leaving to face the Dark Lord he looked at me all confused but said he would help, and actually called me by my name!

After I packed everything, and went downstairs - I thought I was not loud at all, but my dad and mom were waiting at the beginning of the stairs.

Dad said "Jedovah, I was alive before the Grand War - and let me tell you, there was famine, there was sickness, there was continually war in the kingdom all the time. But now? Now, there is no famine, tell me do you know any of your friends who have died due to sickness? A Sickness spread through my whole village, and killed every single child but me, when I was a boy. There are no wars, the Dark Lord's minions face our enemies on the battlefield so our sons don't have to."

That was why, that is why I need to face the Dark Lord - we do not have the lives we once did. There is no one to battle, there is no food that needs to be grown, there is no illness - but we have no choices, we are trapped... I wanted to scream this to dad, but instead I said "I know what you're saying dad, but I want to face the Dark Lord, and... I don't know I just have a feeling I have to act on it."

"Jedovah, I know that feeling well. You know I was your age - when I set off on my journey, and while the results are not what I expected - the journey itself was a wonderful experience. Remember you'll need experience before you face the Dark Lord."

"But Adin, he's only a child....Why must he go, and to face the Dark Lord, does he know what he's saying?" mom said.

"Morie, I was thirteen when I went on my journey..." 

"But he can't even cast a spell..." 

"Neither could I, it wasn't until I was 45 until I could cast my first spell..."

"Now, Jedovah" My dad said as he moved his hand along my little wooden sword "this sword will now be able to pierce the Dark Lord's Heart."

Dad then presented me with my no-longer-wooden-sword that was all metal now, and hugged me. I was confused, if he could cast such a spell, why has he never tried to kill the Dark Lord? "If you could do that spell, why have you never tried to kill the Dark Lord, dad?"

My dad said nothing, but stopped hugging me and I saw a strange look in his eyes - something I had never seen in my dad's eyes ever before - fear.

My mom ran over to me, and hugged me so hard and said "End this folly, son. Don't go on an adventure you might not want to see the ending of. You can stop this now."

"No mom, I can't I have to go." I said as I pushed away, and waved to them as I felt.

When I was leaving my house and my houses' gate I saw Mikel there, I waved and said "Hi Mikel, good-bye."

"Bye? Jedovah, I said I would help. I didn't mean get you some shitty bow and a few arrows. No. I am joining you on your journey."

I said "Oh, I would like that." it was the second time Mikel had ever called me my name, and not some insult... and he was coming with me... I was glad of that. Off we set through the village, and I thought to myself soon I would be battling monsters that I could not even name, so I was happy that it was not just me doing the battling.