Shelby is our adopted daughter and this Christmas-eve would mark her fifth birthday and second year of personally writing a wish list addressed to the none other than, infamously known, the evil entity himself, Satan.

A common spelling error for a four or five-year old, no doubt. I must admit though, with much speculations, Shelby has been receiving one gift, and only one gift, that was from neither my wife nor I. But a gift that was most certainly wanted. Our daughter has wished for, by her own handwriting, and received, for two consecutive years now, gifts from ‘Satan’.

The first year, she had wished for was a doll. Not just any doll, but a vintage porcelain face doll that “could be with her everywhere she went” as so clearly written in her request as part of the wish list. This doll, whom officially was named ‘Elzybub’ (Elz-E-Bub) by our daughter herself, brought chills and quivering fear to my wife and I. Strange, you say? We like to call her creative.

Let me be the first to tell you, this doll was not a regular doll by any means of the definition. There have been multiple occasions where this doll was purposely left at home and miraculously showed up in front of our eyes at any given destination we happened to be arriving at. Shopping trips, family visits. I actually stepped into my office at work and found this doll sitting on my desk. Seemed curious that it would appear at a personal place of mine after I had just happen to be speaking about the doll and it’s possessed-like characteristics. But that was exactly how it operated, a mere mention of this doll would give cause for it to appear wherever it felt relevant.

The second year, Shelby handwrites a personal request for a puppy. Unfortunately, my wife and I are not financially stable enough to provide for a dog in our already sketchy home setting. However, little did that effect the wishes of our daughter because sure enough, a hellhound pup was discovered underneath our Christmas tree. Shelby, as happy as can be with her wish to have come true yet again, named this new pet dog, Furfur.

I love dogs. Who doesn’t? But, Furfur, was not your average dog. This animal chewed up stuff, sure. But it wasn’t the usual shoes and sandals. Furfur found it a habit to chew up bibles, rosaries, and crucifixes. It’d be an understatement to say this dog was considered an atheist.

Now approaching the third year of our daughter making Christmas wish lists, Shelby has asked for “her own best-friend”. Someone that can “do what they want, with nobody to say no”. So, the dog wasn’t enough. A charming request, it certainly brought a smile to my wife’s face as well as my own. That is, until we realized to whom she was making this request to, Dear Satan, again.

“Sweetheart, th-these letters you’re writing for Christmas gifts, they’re written for Santa, right baby?”

“Yeah, papa. I write them for Saint-ta.”

“Santa.”

“Ya. Say-tan”

“San-ta.”

“Say. Ton.”

“Right. Okay.”

“Elle, you need to check our daughter. Something’s not right.” I immediately tell my wife.

“Wha-what? What are you talking about, Jay?”

“Our daughter is asking for gifts from somebody by the name of Satan and now she wants a best friend who can tell her she can do what she wants with no one telling her no.”

“James, be serious. Shelby is just an imaginative six-year old girl, let her be please. Go to sleep.”

“What? Fine. Okay. Fine. Can’t wait to say ‘I told ya so’.”

It’s the middle of the night, and there’s this subtle persistent pounding that is coming from the hallway that helplessly brings me to awake and wander out of the bedroom to investigate. I leave the bed empty as my wife is nowhere to be found. ’03:30’ is the time that reads on the alarm clock on top of the nightstand that I pass by as I exit the doorway.

In the hallway, a glowing light is seen from the bottom of the door frame to my daughter Shelby’s bedroom. I hear a rhythmic humming that is increasingly building louder as I step closer to the door. With a turn of the door knob, I begin to enter my daughter’s bedroom and witness a sight I couldn’t have fathomed with my best efforts.

In the middle of the floor was my wife’s lifeless body as she laid there with a slit throat and puddle of blood in the center of what appeared to be a chalk drawn pentagram on the grounds of my daughter’s bedroom. Furfur, the hellhound, was hovering above with glowing red eyes and owl-like wings aggressively flapping to keep this creature afloat as it circled around my wife’s body. Elzybub, the porcelain faced doll, is seen in the lap of Shelby who is sitting legs crossed on the floor. Eyes rolled back and her mouth wide open. These deep toned humming sounds are coming from deep within my six-year old daughter’s body. It appeared to be some sort of satanic seance at work.

Bringing a halt to my procrastination, I quickly slam the door closed.

“Welp. Fuck that shit.”

Quickly heading for the front door and grabbing my car keys on the way out, having no concern of packing any clothes or other necessities, I jump into the car and drive away leaving this place I once called home and the people I once considered my family all behind me. 

After checking the rearview mirror and gaining reassurance that all is done with and in the past, I glance over with relief towards the passenger seat only to see the doll, Elzybub, sitting upright in the front-passenger seat.

Simultaneously, a flash of headlights take away any visibility through the windshield and suddenly I’m upside down in the driver seat with clouds of smoke and the smell of spilled gasoline surrounding me. Barely able to climb out of this wrecked car in a ditch, I’m moments away from death when I notice a small silhouette of a child approaching me through the fog. It’s Shelby, with her doll in hand and Furfur following on foot not far behind her.

“Papa, why did you leave? You were supposed to come with mama and me.”

“Huh. What? What do you mean?”

“Now you go with Furfur and Elzybub. Now you go to the bad place.”

“Shelby, no. It’s me, your papa. Shelby, tell me where mama is.”

“Mama waiting for me, papa. I go now. Sorry you can’t come. Furfur says you been bad.”

“No, papa has never bad to you, Shelby! Shelby! No!”

“Bye, papa!”

An aura of heat rises from the ground and flames are beginning to surround me as they increase in size and ultimately consume my surroundings. The piercing howls from Furfur can be heard as popping sparks of flame burn away my extremities leaving me with the certain fate of being ultimately brought downward towards the depths of hell.

The End.