Oh shit...here he comes. Damn! I really thought I lost him that time. Right, uh... stairs. Go. 21st floor. 22nd floor. 23rd floor. 24th - jeez I must be getting old, what am I now? 42? 45? Either way, sprinting up a set of stairs ain't what it used to be. 25th floor. 26th floor. 27th floor. Roof. Windy. Wow, that sunset. No wonder my legs are tired, we've been at this since just after lunchtime. Time flies when you're having fun. 

Here he comes - run left, hang a right, jump a chimney stack, slide down a tapered roof to a lower gravel-topped area, sprint across, jump up to the next level, hang a left - Holy shit! Our bodies collide knocking the wind out of me. I bend over to catch my breath and look up into his face, smiling. He got me. Crafty devil! He must have had the advantage when I dropped to the lower rooftop, taken a direct line and cut me off here. Now he grabs me with two fists of steely sinew and lifts me clean off the floor. He pivots. Now there's nothing but hazy summer air between me and the street level asphalt.

"I'm getting old again" I say. His face slips into an expression of mild confusion. I can see him struggling with this anomaly but then I guess he decides to drop it because his grip loosens, my jacket slips slowly through his fingers - even slower on account of the adrenaline flooding my brain and throwing everything into the stark clarity, almost unreality, of an acid trip. I turn my head, observing calmly as the leather whispers against his skin, and take in the breath-taking New York skyline, the sky fading pink into orange and the blinding golden orb just above the horizon, hitting every single reflective surface in this man made cacophony of glass and metal. Here there is just wind. A peregrine falcon glides past us, beading us with his sharp yellow eyes. Maybe he'll come to my aid. Peck this guys eyes out or something, although in my current predicament it wouldn't be much help. The bird weighs up the situation. Nope. Nothing to see here. He glides away.

This one's gonna hurt bad...but it's a pretty nice view so I guess it's been worth it.

As I fall, face down, arms and legs spread, like goddamn Eddie the Eagle, I look up, towards the building I'm currently descending from in the quickest possible fashion. With the street still maybe 11 or 12 stories below me my eyes lock onto another pair of eyes. Her eyes. Time slows to almost a stop. The sound of the wind becomes a dull roar inside my ears, my face is moving in slow, fleshy, undulating waves. My hair drifts gently in and out of my field of vision. And I see her. Standing at the window she looks back at me with hollow eyes. They widen almost imperceptibly when she sees me. I see her hair is longer. Her ears are pierced. She wears a white shirt and dark grey trousers, corporate staples. And her eyes. Green, intelligent, once earnest and now...detached. My stomach flips. My skin tightens all over my body, becomes electrified, I feel every single last hair as if it were a finger full of the sense of touch. 

I just got thrown from the 27th floor of a skyscraper...but only she can make me feel this way. The only thing that thrills me anymore. The only one who can truly make me *feel*. When she is near I'm not just living, I'm alive. In a thousand lifetimes I would never encounter anything that even came close. Which is why I have to get to her. She's like me and as far as I know there are no others. For all that is good in the world, I hold on to her face, her eyes and I search and I search. She is my salvation. And I was so close this time. So close. But there's only one sure-fire way to get back to her and this is it. Reset. It always begins the same way. Me and her and the rest are strangers. Different places, same faces, life happens, and she gets away. She always gets away.

She's almost out of sight now, and her lips begin to part. Is she saying something? Will she scream? Still those vacant eyes and then she is gone. Time resumes it's usual business and I resume my high speed plummet, hair now flicking wildly around my face, which is rapidly rippling in a continuous stream whilst the wind picks back up and the sounds of the street begin to punctuate the air. A horn. A siren. Now voices. Now screams. Deep breath. 

Reset.
