 

**Writing Prompt Short Stories : Dash Cam Voice - Draft 1**

" You alright Ma'am ? " a voice called out from a seemingly distant place. 

Mary stirred and opened her eyes to find her surroundings spinning around her. Her head felt like it had been cracked opened with a one solid swing of a sledgehammer. 

"What happened ?!" she cried out as her vision cleared and found herself being carried away on a stretcher by two men in paramedic uniforms. The one carrying her at her feet looked to be in his forties while the one speaking to her at her head was a younger man in his early twenties with a concerned look on his face. 

" You were in a car accident ma'am. When we got here we found your car burning in the middle of the road with the front hood completely smashed in. ". 

Mary : " Was I hit by another car ? Who else has been injured ?!? " . 

Paramedic : " That's what Detective Blake and his officers have been trying to figure out.. You're car was the only vehicle at the scene when we arrived . The police think you must have lost control and crashed your car into the side of the rock. They want to test you for drugs and alcohol once you've arrived at the hospital.

Mary was taken aback. 

She had been a straight edge girl all her life. Never once have taken a sip of beer or even a puff of a cigarette let alone hard drugs. Even her driving was zealously cautious to the point that it was subject of endless banter among her friends. 

Though Detective Blake appeared to agree that Mary didn't appear intoxicated he still insisted on the tests as part of standard protocol and Mary agreed. 

The drive to the hospital was largely quick and uneventful. When they arrived Mary was rushed into the emergency ward by a crew of sleep deprived nurses that gave Mary a frustrated glare as if she was the only thing standing between them and a nice toast bed. 

As the officers put out calls on the radio for any potential witnesses to a crash on Cragglron Avenue between three to four in the morning Mary's memory started coming back to her. 

" My Dash camera !! " she cried out remembering the cheap camera she had bought years ago at a Christmas Sale. 

She had dutifully turned it on every day she drove for five years but never had need of it... Until now. 

Mary called up the nurse Joanna and asked her to see if her dash cam was stored in the personal belongings box they kept in the ward. 

A few minutes later the nurse strolled in holding Mary's dash cam in her hand. 

" Thanks" squeaked Mary still weak from her injuries. 

Despite her weakness she somehow summoned the will to walk over to the computer lab across the hall and plug her dash cam's USB cable into the computer so she could see what happened to her last night in the car. 

The recording started off as she expected with her humming her favorite childhood songs as she usually did when driving to the local diner for quiet meal alone . 

" Will you shut up already ! " croaked an elderly voice. 

Mary looked around her startled by the voice. 

" Where did it come from ? " she thought

“ Hugh used to hum just like that in the car rides even though he knew how much I hated it !” 

“ The voice… its… its. Coming from the recording !! ” whimpered Mary as she pressed the forward button with her trembling fingers.  

Before she realized I she had spent the entire night listening to this eery voice of an old woman talk to her as she drove. Being the rational evidence based biologist that she was she never placed any stock in supernatural beliefs like ghosts or black magic but she didn’t know what to make of this tape. 

“ Could it be one of her tech savvy friends playing a cruel joke on her ?” 

“ No… No… that couldn’t be it. She checked the dash cam weekly and didn’t even allow access to her car to anyone outside of her presence.”  

Traumatized by this whole scenario she chose to take the taxi home instead of asking a friend for a ride since she wanted to alone in this moment of insanity. 

After arriving at home she sat in the couch in her living room eating her favourite bucket of ice chunky chocolate ice cream while staring at the dash cam on her coffee table.  

She just couldn’t bring herself to play the audio and listen to that elderly woman’s haunting voice. 

“ Am I such terrible company that mine own blood can’t bear to listen to me ?” Croaked a voice 

Mary’s entire body stiffened as her skin crawled with goosebumps. She checked the dash cam

“ Its turned off so why is that voice still speaking ?!” 

“Look over here child” the voice called from behind. 

Fighting against her entire being Mary forced herself to turn around and dropped her ice cream bowl as she saw an elderly women standing at the entrance to her living room . 

After getting over the initial shock of the elderly ghost’s unexpected appearance Mary had the feeling she had seen this woman’s face before. 

“Hugh.. You were talking about a man named Hugh in the tape.. Hugh was my grandfather !!” 

“That means…” 

“yes child I am you’re grandmother Edith”.  

Mary had heard very little about her maternal grandmother from her parents but what she did remember about her was the mysterious manner of her death. 

“ I remember mum saying that you went missing one day when going for a walk on the forrest trails and they never found your body…. Some say you were killed by a mountain lion” 

The old lady’s face formed a mournful smile. 

“ I was killed that day yes but not by a lion. I was murdered by Justin Rackleford the local town shopkeeper.” 

“and Not just me he killed several others runners who jogged through those trails. We have been haunting the town for years waiting for someone to listen so they can find our bodies hidden beneath near the river bed and give us proper burials.” 