  

I remember flashes of light. Sounds of a child giggling and the crunch of leaves beneath my feet as I run through vast open fields. But these echoes are distant memories to me now, distant stimuli that flickers in my mind lightning racing across the sky. Existing for a second, then no longer. Then, silence. The images vanish. The dream descends. And I am plunged back into gloom again. Just the whisper of a name lingers. *Meredith*.

What is clear to me is that I am seated at a desk. The desk is empty, save for a red telephone with no apparent wire connecting it to a socket. A telephone to nowhere. No numbers come to my head, and I wonder if I was ever good with numbers. Like what people called an accountant, or a tax collector. Before me stands a bleak landscape of ash and cinder. Indeed I wonder what my role here is and why I sit before this sundered terrain. I wonder what this place looked like before. And it suddenly occurs to me that I am he who waits. Never the caller, but always the called. This is my service.

*Who am I*

He who speaks has a raspy voice. Like one whose throat is parched. And I cannot be surprised, for before me there are no verdant streams or rivers. But he who speaks has a way with words. I wonder if I was good with words. Was that why I was placed here? In this land with no memory but with a distinct sense of duty. The words that flow from his mouth are quite unlike a stream. They are an endless tide, like water that gushes from an overflowing ravine, he who speaks accuses day and night.

He who speaks never requests, but always commands. *Do this* he says, and *visit anger upon this person* and *afflict this family with fear* and *tempt him to overdrink*.

The telephone rings. And as I have done for what I believe to be eons, I reach down to pick it up. Surely it must be the voice of my master calling me for another task. Another act of service as my foggy mind serves me.

But this time it is different.

*Daddy no please I wish daddy were dead-pleasepleaseplease-no*

There was an infantility to her voice. But greater than that, a desperation. But greater than that, a familiarity. And I gravitated towards it for reasons I could not explain. Oftentimes he who spoke commanded and I would traverse to lands distant possessed by a will not my own, to visit torment upon those he chose. Lands not marked by the shadow that clouded mine. No, these lands were far gentler.

By his power I find myself in a darkened room. There is the silence I am well acquainted with. Like the silence of things buried leagues under the earth. I loom over a weeping child. I cannot see her face for it is covered by her hands. She weeps for I see her body trembling. But not just with sorrow.

*Pleasedon’tfindmepleaseplease let me go*

I wonder if she was marked by him who sent me. Marked for pain, marked for misery, marked for agony. My hand instinctively sweeps in an arc over her; the mark of Lucifer, as I am accustomed to doing with all those marked by him. But in that space something happens that shatters the thin veneer of reality.

A door is flung open, and the sound of heavy but familiar footsteps thuds heavily down a staircase. The smell of alcohol fills my nose. Instinct moves my hands a second time, but this time to my mouth in horror. And my mind is set ablaze with the very fire of memory. No doors bar the passing of my memory now. This is my service. My litany.

*MEREDITH,* he who walks also screams. *DADDY NEEDS SOME COMFORT TONIGHT.*