Chapter 1 – Welcome Home

The darkness around us gave way to brilliant light in the blink of an eye as my battle cruiser  exited warp and a blue planet materialized seemingly out of nowhere. The sudden brightness made everyone on the ship’s bridge shield their eyes, but I dared not look away from my home planet.

Earth. The planet looked bluer now than when I last saw it. 

I still remembered the day I was taken vividly. Imprisoned in a small cell aboard a rusty slaver spaceship, I watched through a tiny porthole as my home world disappeared behind me. Unable to comprehend the reality of it all, I first thought I was having a bad trip. Maybe that joint I smoked was laced with a harder drug, or maybe my mind was just messing with me as it often did after the war. 

I remembered feeling such despair, such hopelessness, such panic when I began to realize I was kidnapped from my world. I missed home, even though I technically didn’t have one back on earth. After a while, I even began to miss the humid jungle, the mosquitoes, the familiar hell of war, and anything else that reminded me of where I came from.

Staring at the pale blue atmosphere of Earth, I got up and walked closer to the view. After 10 years, those feelings had long disappeared, replaced by nothing, a black void of emotion. And yet, I found myself squeezing my fists so hard the joints in my hands ached and the leather gloves covering the scars creaked with the promise of breaking. 

The people responsible will pay, I thought. 

It’s not until other ships began to come out of warp in the corner of my vision that I was able to look away. One by one, the ships in my armada appeared alongside my command battle cruiser in mutual silence. The faint blue comet trails behind them, a byproduct of faster than light travel, gradually disappeared and the ships began to gleam, reflecting the sun’s rays like diamonds in space.

The small ships arrived first. Frigates, destroyers, and fighters. Due to their smaller mass, they were able to traverse the universe faster than heavier, more powerful ships.

Then came the cruisers, larger and more powerful but still nimble enough to move quickly and choose their battles. I recognized some ships by name and hull type from previous battles as they popped into view.

The first battleship to appear warped in way too close for comfort. The Valhalla’s long hull appeared starboard, clad in ivory armor and painted with streaks of bloody crimson. The say ships resemble their owners, and the Valhalla looked mad. 

The bionic eye allowed me to just barely make out Mary grinning at me from the Valhalla’s bridge, and it made me smile in return. I wondered what she felt behind that mad grin, and if she remembered the view from her own tiny porthole in the slaver’s ship the day they took us.
The remainder of the battleships and carriers appeared, dwarfing the previous ships and filling in empty gaps of space between us. My fleet was here.

“Report status,” I said, my voice stern and calm despite the adrenaline rush I always had before battle.

“Yes, sir,” said Vega. The lanky humanoid kid that I took from a slaver’s colony was rapidly scanning down the holo screen in front of him. “All ships accounted for sir, except one, the –”

“The Medusa,” I said, scanning the fleet in space on my own.

Jones had a knack for being late, but also for showing up in the nick of time. It never bothered me. After all, everyone in my fleet was here on their own accord, and followed me into battle at their own will. No one was drafted into service like Jones, Mary and I were.

“Captain Miller, as you predicted sir, we’re receiving a message from Earth,” Vega said.

“Play it.”
The large holo displays on the bridge showed a handsome, older man in a suit sitting at a desk with his hands folded, with a window and curtains behind him. I’ve seen that room before played on the TVs in the barracks during the war. The man looked familiar but was not the man I remembered sitting in that room.

“Hello, I am United States President Ronald Reagan, and on behalf of the United Nations of Planet Earth, I welcome you to our solar system.”

Something deep in my memory clicked. Ronald Reagan, the actor from California? If Earth elected a Hollywood actor for their leader, this might be easier than I thought.

The actor-president continued.

“We are a peaceful planet, and maintain numerous peace treaties with space fairing alliances across the galaxy -- “

Suddenly a blinding beam of white light flashed across the bow. Time seemed to slow, and my initial instinct was that they missed. It was not until the explosion from the hull of Valhalla shook the bridge that I snapped out of it. I saw the damaged Valhalla began to fall toward us in a hurry. I couldn’t see Mary anymore.

The Presidential voice on the display continued in the background as chaos erupted. “…but we hold no treaties with the likes of you and Earth will not be bullied…” 

“Battle stations!” I commanded. “Mori, steer us clear of the Valhalla!”

“Aye, aye, captain,” Mori said. The alien girl, wearing a virtual headset and holo gloves, began moving the ship with her hands so effortlessly the ship might as well have been an extension of her wrist. 

The TV in the background droned on, its words now lost on the scrambling crew of the Valkyrie. “…you are witnessing the display of S.D.I, the Strategic Defense Initiative system, also known as Star Wars…” 

Around Earth’s orbit, more white beams flashed out towards the fleet, and more explosions followed.

Welcome Home, I thought.
