John wanted to open his eyes, he wanted an answer to a question that was irrelevant at the moment of its conception. Slowly his eyelids lifted, revealing the outcome of what had just happened. He had never considered himself a great driver, being born when horses were the pragmatic method of traveling, but he never lacked confidence in his ability until now. 

"Wow, the ground is so sticky this time" a familiar voice uttered. 

John ignored it, focusing on the crimson reflection that covered the intersection.

"You know I'm a supporter of taking away the elderly's licenses, it'd make my job *so* much easier. You gotta be pushing at least 350 now, maybe you should get your's renewed" the voice continued.

John was used to the snarkiness of these situations, time had grew his skin thick and trained him to maintain a calm demeanor. His eyes continued tracing the blood to it's origin until his eyes rested on the mangled wreckage, the bodies.

"I guess it's true what they say about Asian drivers" the voice laughed. 

Ignoring the bigotry, John turned his attention to the asshole making remarks. In doing so, he realized only his eyes would listen to him, as the rest of his body had become unresponsive. 

"Woah woah woah, don't strain yourself" Death said, as he lit up a cigarette. Standing 6 feet tall, wearing a dapper black suit, the reaper would be quite a handsome fellow if not for the two bottomless pits in face where his eyes should be.

Death continued, "I haven't seen a wreck like this in years, you can't distinguish where the body begins and the metal ends!", dragging a boney finger alongside the crash.

"Did the othe-" John began before being cut off

"No they're dead, and no they guessed wrong. Can we hurry this up? I have a dinner party with some friends and they're going to be mighty pissed that i came late"

John stared forward towards the now ambiguous mess that laid before him, that he had created. Making out the profile of two bodies, he stared at Death, then himself. He could see some of his organs, his protruding and shattered bones, the broken glass and twisted metal but had to avert his gaze back to Death, a more pleasurable sight. 

"The one kid was going to Harvard, the other was a shitty painter, so don't feel bad! That averages out to like one person" 

John's lips did not move, but he spoke to Death, "Heads".

He knew the game, he knew there was no point in trying to resist, this was simply the way everything was, and you can never argue with that. 

Death dug his hand into his jacket pocket and produced a coin. Taking a long drag on his cigarette, he flipped it into the air, caught it, and smiled. 

"See you soon" he whispered.

Everything went black.

John woke up in a body that was an exact replication of what he used to look like when he was younger. This was not new, in fact, this was his existence. 

The next day he cut the story about the car crash out of the newspaper. He put it with all the other clippings of the other stories, but today was different. He did not put the box back in the bottom of his closet, tucked away like the guilt on his conscience, rather he poured its contents on the table where he sat. He put the barrel of his pistol to his temple and fired.

Death came again, Death left again. 
He repeats the process.
Death came again, Death left again. 
He repeats the process.
Death came again, Death left again. 
He repeats the process.
He is dead. 

