The United Interplanetary Exploration space station named "The Spear" had been orbiting Deimos, and after nearly two years of planning, had finally sent a landing party to the red planet.

It had been an incredible twelve hours, the landing party of seven had landed, set up base and reported in, all was well, history in the making.

However, Captain of the Spear, Hugo Starlin and Commander Lorring were the only two souls on board that knew that this was not earths, or the U.I.E's first trip to Mars.

So when Sergeant Tevis' strained final words "We were wrong....Planet inhabited...DO NOT send rescue." echoed around the bridge, the two made eye contact and knew what this could mean.

Three probes were sent, only one managed to transmit a single photo, a blood red beast, eyes yellow and angry, otherworldly, satanic even.

The bridge erupted in cries of terror and disgust, eyes locked and grim faced Starlin and Lorring had a short, wordless and very final conversation.

" Lieutenant Murphy"

"YESSIR" Murphy stammered.

"You have command, Myself and the Commander must discuss this...development"

"Sir yes sir"

The two quickly marched to the supply closet placed directly between their quarters, and upon opening the door, each took out a key.

Then removing the hidden panel which concealed a biometric scanner and two keyholes.

"Are you sur-"

"We have no other option. You knew the mission when you signed on to this post. Commander."

Starlin paused, as though waiting for her to respond.

"If you are ready Lorring, on my count"

Turning the key simultaneously the computer screen flickered into life, and after each had put their palm to it the secret room revealed itself.

It contained only two things, a second computer screen and a seemingly ancient stone casket with medical wires of some kind sticking out at all angles. The Stone itself covered in markings and runes.

The computer beeped.

"ACTIVATION OF THE ARTEFACT DESIGNATED AS E1M1 CAN NOT BE REVERSED"

"IT IS RECOMMENDED THAT THIS ACTION BE CARRIED OUT WITH 100% CONVICTION"

"IF YOU WISH TO CONTINUE PLEASE NOW SPEAK THE PASSWORD"

Starlin knew that there was no going back now.

"888-23-9912"

"PASSWORD ACCEPTED"

"WHEN READY PRESS THE RELEASE BUTTON TO BEGIN ACTIVATION"

Starlin pressed the flashing button, machinery began to move, red liquid began to pump into the stone slab as it slid into the wall and an airlock hatch shut speedily after it, the small escape pod was then violently jettisoned towards Mars.

As it was hurtling toward the red deserts of Mars a lone warrior awoke from a troubled and tormented sleep, an old hate began to form in his mind, of creatures like the one that had so terrified the senior crew of The Spear, and a certainty that he must once again kill.

With a deafening crash the pod landed and an green armour clad fist punched its way out of stone and metal, and armed with only a shotgun and pistol he set out.

Back in the hidden room Lorring asked, "What did we do? To send one man to deal with such blatant evil."

"Lorring, that was no normal man. Back to your station, I'll be there shortly."

"Aye Sir."

Looking out across the stars and the amber glow of Mars, Starlin gave a half smile and said to himself,

&#x200B;

"Good luck Marine"