The bottle shattered against the wall where Zartog the Magnificent had thrown it.

"Ketchup!" he boomed, the pitch of his voice rising. *"Ketchup!"* 

Theodore gulped, eyes on the ground to avoid his master's fiery gaze. "It's... for the... lunch?" 

All around him, the other disciples started nodding vigorously. "Oh yes, for the fries." "Very tasty, that ketchup, that's why we have it!" "Wow Theo is *so* prepared, he thinks about tomorrow's lunch a whole day ahead--"

"SILENCE!" The chattering ceased instantly as everyone looked at the wizard in fear. "Do you think I do not have EYES? *Fools,* you can hide nothing from me!" With a wave of his hand, the broken glass rose from the ground and floated overhead, red sauce still dripping from some larger shards. "Explain to me what is the meaning of this!"

After a moment, Theodore realized all the disciples' nervous eyes were on him. So it was up to him to fix this, eh? But under the glare of an angry sorcerer, all he could think to do was come clean.

"Well...." He swallowed, then shrugged his shoulders up. "It still works, doesn't it?"

*"Still works?"*

"Yeah, uh, Eleanor found it out." He looked over his shoulder to see her gaping at him from her spot in the crowd, and felt a pang of guilt-- still, he continued. "....About a year ago. You know how she said she didn't like blood?"

*"A year?"* A wave of anger could literally be felt coming off of Zartog, and the crowd of disciples cowered.

"I mean, I think?" Theodore squeaked. "But-- but it's not that bad, right? I mean you didn't even notice. And since we can only give blood so often and ketchup's right in every grocery store--"

*"Do you have any idea what you've done?"* The glass fell to the ground again as Zartog's concentration broke, magic instead turning into a vague haze of *rage* filling the room. "You've gone against the work of ANCIENTS! This magic has been known for *MILLENNIA!"*

"Yes, well," Theodore's voice was incredibly shrill. Something told him he should make like the others and get on his knees, sobbing. But whatever made him speak in the first place was keeping him upright and talking. "it worked, didn't it? And *ketchup* hasn't been around for millennia. Call it... scientific advancement." 

"YOU DARE TO CLAIM *KETCHUP* HOLDS POWER OVER THE SAGES OF YORE?"

By this point, Theodore was sweating bullets. His knees were shaking and his hands twitched. But still, in a weak voice, he managed to say, "....maybe?"

*"INSOLENT FOOL!"* Zartog waved his arms, and Theodore was thrown across the hall, crashing into the back wall. "I want you out of my SIGHT! AND YOU!" He turned on the remaining students, who were now white with shock. "If I see ANY of you with a bottle of *ketchup,* I will bind your soul to a *paper towel holder!"*

With a turn that swept his coat up around him, Zartog turned and stormed out of the room, leaving the scene behind. As soon as the door slammed shut, the disciples leapt to their feet, some to clean up the last of the offending condiment, and some to rush to Theodore's side.

Eleanor was the first to reach him. She propped him up in a sitting position, and when a groan showed her that he was conscious, she slapped him.

"What was that for? You had no idea what he'd do!" She scolded. "You're lucky he let us off easy, I *still* don't believe he didn't do anything!"

Theodore blinked, still dazed. "Yeahhh, but..." He shrugged again. "At least we know he still hasn't caught on to the SFX stuff?"