I experienced my first death before I was even born. Mom was in a car accident and her stomach was hit so hard that it hurt me inside. I would have been born mentally deficient and not have lived past 1 due to brain hemorrhaging, so it had been decided that I was to be removed. Mom cried so long and loud as she was told, and even more as she was led into planned parenthood with the screams of protesters outside hounding her.

My second death, I was five. Mom had tasked an older cousin to watch me as I swam in the pool, but nothing could have stopped my dumb toddler ass from trying to run to her after she'd left, falling and landing head-first into the pool tiles. I was around long enough to hear the crying this time.

My third death wasn't an accident. I had hung myself, at the ripe old age of 15, using power cables in the basement of an abandoned hoise I don't know if anyone found me.

My fourth death was. At 16, I was cut down by a lunatic in the middle of the street, armed with a machete as he was trying to mug the skinny little brat with 7-Eleven junk food in his hands and nothing else in his pockets.

My sixth death, at 18 years, was alcohol poisoning. My high school friends were shitty and I was weak- what can I say?

Seventh, I was struck by lightening at 30. I laugh at that one a little.

Eighth, I was in a car accident at 38 and my brain splattered on the inside of the windshield like modern art.

Ninth, Heart attack at 39.

Tenth, stress induced aneruism at 54.

Eleventh, blood loss due to a hunting accident at 58.

Twelfth, a second heart attack due to a goddamn roller coaster at 62...

And finally, at 74, I reached my actual expiration date. Public transit accident. My goddamn train was on the same track as another train going in the opposite direction!

"Wow..." I said softly. "I...I died a lot, didn't I?"

"Eh." St.Peter shrugged. "Twelve is actually pretty good, all things considered. Those American people? They die at least fifty times, and they still get here a lot younger."