A fungus is found in the sap of the maple tree that has lied dormant for years, and for some odd reason, remained undetectable. The greatest doctors and scientists of Canada waste no time and take control of the situation quick. They eventually form a bio weapon of which they only have a cure, and that they incorporate into their maple syrup. The world eventually becomes infected. Symptoms include: death in young and old if not treated quickly, nausea, liquefaction of organs, memory loss, and extremely healthy people become zombies, shells of their former selves. The other countries are thrown into disarray and they can no longer function. The only country that is at least stable, basically thriving, is Canada. Also, those outside of Canada with Canadian citizenship get to take the vaccine through special means at their local hospital. The last country standing is the US, also being the last with a functional army. Eventually, a war breaks out between America and Canada. Even before the outbreak, Canada had been secretly training an army of super soldiers where one man or woman could take down a battalion. The war didn't last very long and the US fell to it's knees. That is until a spy from the US found a vile of the vaccine during a pivotal point of the war, at the time it was dubbed the third world war, even though there wasn't much world left. The vile was then taken to the last triage in the States, somewhere in Boston, where some of the last medical professionals reverse engineer the vaccine. With a shortage of supplies, living people and the "husks" taking over the world, the last decision is made and the remaining vaccines are given to the last soldiers. After many failed attempts at crossing the border into Canada, the soldiers succumb to the cold and perish. There doesn't seem to be any hope for the world anymore, and with the world's leaders hesitating to pay for the vaccine, Canada becomes the last country alive. Eventually, Canada becomes a utopia. Poverty, famine, disease and hatred for one another become trivialities of the past. The people rejoice in themselves and a new world is on this horizon. 

Although, with all the hype and blinding euphoria, how long will the peace last? How long until the fungus develops a resistance to the vaccine? How long until the hordes of the undead break through the walls or electrified fences?

How long?

(Disclaimer: this was written by an American)