Franz heard the door click shut behind him, but in the time it took him to turn around, there was no entrance in sight.

The two men looked at each other for a long moment, across the twenty foot square of matte white, completely spotless even where Franz had stepped across. There were no walls; on one side, an alien planet, nearly Earth-like but for a stunning ring gently turned beneath them in low orbit. On the other, a breathtakingly clear night sky, spotted with constellations that were instantly recognizable but utterly unfamiliar.

“Where are we?” Franz asked, in a hushed voice.

“My place.” Roger answered. Gone was the cheap t-shirt, jeans, and sweater that he usually wore. Instead, he wore a suit in a pitch black, with a bone white shirt open at the collar. An ascot in an impossibly rich blue was the only concession to color, and he was barefoot.

Franz turned away to stare at the lazily rotating surface of the planet beneath. “I don't understand.”

“Of course not.” Roger stepped up, abruptly directly beside Franz. “This is an alternate dimension. Entirely under my control, but entirely imaginary. What happens here, stays here. You want to know what happens here?”

Franz tore his eyes away from the vista. “What happens here?”

“Anything I want.”

In between heartbeats, the planet disappeared, and there was nothing but space stretching out in infinity. Franz utterly lost track of the view, though, when he found himself suspended five feet in the air, limbs splayed in every direction.

Roger drifted up to him, toes pointed slightly down. “Franz. I understand you find my sister attractive.”

Franz gasped, somewhere around the searing pain in his joints.

“My sister. Liz? Looks like me, but with the blond hair, bit shorter? Come on, man.”

Franz nodded. “Yeah, yeah. Sister. Yeah. Liz.”

“Right.” Roger's face smoothed again. “Just wanted to make sure that it was understood that you ought to stay away from her. Make sense?”

“I don't--”

Roger flexed his hand and the pressure on Franz's joints trebled. 

In his limited experience, Franz was still aware that by rights, he should be a small collection of discrete pieces by now. He was being deliberately held together, then.

“Franz.” Roger still spoke softly, though his nostrils flared and his eyes dilated. “Don't be an ass. I'm trying to make a point, and if you get hung up on trying to parse out possibility and physics and psychology, we're going to be here for a while. You don't want to be here for a while, because I can do some crazy, crazy things. Every seen your own nervous system?” Roger reached out and pinched into - then through – Franz's wrist. The pain in the joints was nothing compared to the searing fire the spread up Franz's arm as Roger pulled out a pinkish spiderweb from the inside of the arm, then twitched it between his thumb and forefinger. “Now you have. Cool, huh?” Roger let go with a slight gesture, and the spiderweb settled back beneath the skin. “Long story short,” Roger said. “stay the hell away from Liz, or I'm going to get really creative.”

Before Franz could answer, the room spun away and he landed on his back in front of the subway door. Someone jostled him, then pulled him to his feet and carried on without a word.

Franz clutched at himself. The pain was rapidly fading, but his arm tingled up to the elbow. He looked up as the subway doors began to close.

“See you at work.” Roger called out before they finally shut and the subway pulled away.