I was 50.. My parents had long passed.. my wife died in child birth, and I could never bring myself to marry again... I had no pets, or friends... I worked. That was all. I didn’t love anyone.. I had just turned off he TV Saturday night to start getting ready for bed when I was suddenly teleported to a crowded room. I didn’t understand. There was no one left that I loved, so why was I moved?

As I was looking around the room, a pair of arms wrapped around my waist, holding tight. I turned around and saw it was Emily. The little neighbor kid. “Emily? What are you doing here?” She was in her pajamas. She must’ve been in bed when she was teleported. “I don’t know, Mr. Stevenson. I was in bed, and suddenly I was here. I hope whoever it is passes painlessly.” “Me too.” I say, as I give her one of those side hugs you give someone you don’t fully like, but you don’t hate. I start scanning the crowd for familiar faces. To my surprise, I see a lot.

“Mr. Anderson? Is that you!?” I say, as I see my old football coach. He must be at least 80 by now. “Stevenson,” he says as he squints through his thick glasses, “is that you? By god! I wonder who is the lucky one that gets to pass today.” “Me too.” I say still perplexed. I keep walking through the crowd, a lot of people clapping me on the back saying their his, hellos, and the occasional who do you think it is? 

Finally I come across another familiar face. A face I hadn’t seen in 35 years. “Mrs. Hughes? I haven’t seen you since 4th grade!” She squints her eyes and comes walking, slowly, towards me. “Carl Stevenson? I can’t believe it!” “You remember me?” I say, not expecting her to. “Of course I do! You were one of my favorites. I loved having you in class.”

It was almost as if a bulb went off in my head. I remembered reading something on reddit a few years ago.

‘If the soon to be deceased’s current location is not large enough to hold all the people, then they shall be teleported along with all those that love them to a place that can hold them all.’