The girl lay on the ground, her head split open straight down to her neck. Her brain lay in halves as well, blood pouring out between them, as if a sword had come down and neatly divided it all in perfect two from crown to throat. It had happened all in a single moment, in the time it would have taken her to glance back.

Christine had turned around for ten seconds, just to grab her wallet off her desk, and that was when it had happened. Jamie stood behind the body, his gangly little-boy arms still hanging in the air, his hands cupped to grab her shoulders. She had told him not to do it, but boys would be boys, and at least all he did was poke her and make her look back at him every time they were in line. What, then, was *this*?

"Ms. Ackerman?" She barely heard Jamie's sniffle as her vision tunneled down to him, the corpse, and the blood. "I...I can't put her back together."

The world slowed down around her as all emotion vanished, draining out with the color in her face. She might have herded the children away from the cooling corpse. She might have fumbled with her cell phone and nearly dropped it in the pool of blood. She might even have held her breath as she ushered the children into the next room over to force the fourth grade teacher next door to watch them. Whatever she did, it didn't matter, because when she came back, there it was on the floor again. Face up. Staring. Smiling.

Jamie, his hands shaking by his sides now, opened the door behind her. "Ms. Ackerman?"

"Jamie, no." She rushed to the door, squeezing through while keeping it as shut as she could. "It's okay. It'll be..."

No. It wasn't okay. There was nothing okay about this. She had simply fallen open, like a toy, like the Mr. Potato Head that Bobby had lost the ear to when it fell off and rolled into the storm drain by the playground. But this wasn't a doll or a toy or a porcelain figure; Katie's head was as real as they came, and the image of those neatly sliced brains and the smoothly opened skull burned its way deep into her mind.

What could have *done* this? The children couldn't have, even if one of them had somehow managed to sneak a machete into the room, which was preposterous. It had a frighteningly supernatural look to it. At least Katie had died quietly, her mouth still in a now-split smile. Christine tried not to vomit as her mind slowly lost its adrenaline shield.

"I'm sorry." Jamie's eyes refused to blink, but tears poured from them anyway.

"It's not your fault," she said on instinct, this time sure it wasn't a lie, and she knelt to hug him. "It's not."

"I poked her shoulders."

"That's okay. You can't hurt someone like that." She stroked his hair and bit her lip hard to keep her own tears at bay.

"I can."

"Jamie, don't talk like that. Let's go see Mr. Bates. Your brother's in his class, right?"

"I can do it."

She sighed quietly and backed away to look at him seriously. "Jamie, I know you like pretend, but now isn't the time to--"

He shoved her away, throwing the door open, and she chased him until he scooted to a stop in front of the class pet's cage. Hammy the Hamster, a puff of brown fur and big cheeks, looked up at them both. Jamie reached a hand inside.

"Jamie, stop." She grabbed his arm, but he had already caught the hamster in his tiny grip. "Jamie--"

"Watch." He yanked his arm away and held Hammy up in a hand. "See?"

"I'm going to call your parents. You'll have to see a doctor. It'll be all right. I know it's scary..." She rattled off platitudes without thinking, until Jamie raised two fingers and poked Hammy gently on his little furry shoulders.

The hamster's head fell in two, neatly down to the neck, a trickle of red streaming down Jamie's fingers.