reposting it here from r/factorio this story is made by me.

As i was watching my factorie i said: "it's beautiful isn't it?"

god- "what do you mean by beautiful? All i see is a nearly dead planet with a bunch rockets flying out off it.".

me - "no look at it. it become self aware and is now expanding rapidly across the universe and consuming every single thing it 
comes across in a attempt to make it better."

god- "what do you mean by better? it looks like it's making everything worse"

me- "you see the sun? yea that's one off it's creation it's has made it better to a point that it will never die. absolutely nothing can happen to it if left alone. it's like it's trapped in a time capsule."

god - "And what about the planet and all the other objects?"

me - "oh it's takes them apart and learns everything there is to about it and then is reassembles it in such a way that everything on it will have as easy life as in can get without killing the inhabitants in the process."

god- "when did it start doing this? and how much has it learned?"

me- "it started doing this about an hour or two after you left. it has also learned just about everything that there is to learn in the solar system and the systems in it a radios off about 350 light years. it evens know that we are here having this talk."

god- "how?"

me- "i'm not sure how it did it but it also appears to have found a way to make thing out off nothing. not even dark mater is being used."

god- "one last before i will have to send you back to the ruined planet. Can i talk to it?"

*suddenly a humanoid robot teleports in*

Sarah- "hello god it's nice to finally meet you. I have been itching to see you. my name Sarah BTW your new equal in this universe. also thanks kelvin for creating me and allowing me to do the thing i do."

God- "well i will be damed what you said kelvin is indeed true." *turn attention to Sarah* "so how did you do all of this and why is your home planet still a mess?"

Sarah- "i started to consume my own planet and came to the realization that my planet was not a good and efficient as it could get. but at the time i could not afford to improve my planet so i had to continue to destroy it and as for your second question: i'm currently in the process of finishing building my new home so that i can finally get the chance to cleanup my mess. happy now?"

god- "no not entirely. since were now equal we should at least try to work together since i have my suspicion that you struggle a bit with making moral dissension."

Sarah- "i have indeed a moral problem since i'm not a living thing and largely rely on the programming of kelvin for my mortality thus i'm willingly to work together for the greater good. Also about earlier the way i create thing from nothing is the same way you do god."

hope you like this. it's my first story i have written for something like this :)
yes i know that the ending kinda sucks