Stanley had been nervous recently but was held his head high.
The mysteriously sudden endowment of knowledge pertaining to other people's deaths had been unsettling to put a word to it.
Don't get him wrong, Stanley was all for saving people's lives if he could but yesterday he saved Seven people just by making a cup of tea and it actually kind of pissed him off.
Fuck all occurred when he made a second one.
And then he had two cups of tea. Useless.

Stanley just knew something was gonna bounce into his mind today, he needed cheering up.
Subway had often been a soothing solution to his quandries when his issues concerned that of a less cosmic scale.
"And what type of Bread would you like Sir?" 
The grin on Stanley's face shivered.
He felt a familiar copper taste in his mouth and a sense of floating slightly whilst absolutely nothing actually occurs around you.
"Italian" he whispered through overly intense eye contact.
The number shimmered into view.
"5,000,000,000 People Saved."
He looked at it. Didn't blink.
Shook his head. 
"Are the okay Sir?" The nice Subway lady asked him as he frowned and seemed to attempt to reason with open space.
"Look at fucking that then. Majority of the population. Look at that." Stanley took a step backwards and one forwards and shouted very loudly without any sound.
"But I don't know how?!, y'know what? I'm honestly not even hungry anymore. Thank you no sandwhich for me today."
The server looked concernededly at him. 
"No problem Sir. You sure you're okay?" She smiled compassionately at him.
They shared a tender moment. 
Stanley's brain told him he'd just killed "2,500,000,000,000 People." He yelped aloud and could actively feel his eyes get more bloodshot.
He was relatively certain he was actually crying when he reordered the Sub and winked through stress tears as he handed the lady a twenty.
"Keep the change." He burbled monotonously.
She smiled sweetly and was surely terrified.

Stanley's mouth went copper as soon as his fingers left the twenty. As he floated towards the exit the figures came into focus.

"2,500,000,000 People Resaved.
0 Swans Saved"

"Awch! I gotta save the Swans now too? This is god damn! Why would I be!?"

Stanley held his head high towards the heavens and howled grievously.

Stanley would later garner the ability to turn invisible unintentionally.
