In the beginning there was a big bang, possibly because they knew how fleeting the attention of the modern man would be so they started on a high note. There wasn't much in the middle, men pulling swords from stones, witch burnings, the occasional accountant riding into Valhalla all shiny and chrome.  

In the end there was a rip. A deafening, inhuman rip. A scythe went through the oak doors of the Aspen estate like a light saber through a knock-off t-shirt.  

In the room a figure was lying on the bed. The holder of the scythe approached.  

"I have to admit I didn't think it would last this long. In one way you've proven me wrong sister."  

Life turned to face the reaper "Now now, don't pretend that you're sad about this you can gloat if you want."  

His shoulders slacked, "Good because I'm just bursting at the seams, Let's see that's 2 for me and 0 for you."  

"I don't know where I went wrong" life said, "I gave them everything I could."  

"You didn't have any order,"  Death said. "You just threw everything about in one big splat, there's got to be some fundamentals."   

"Separate light form darkness, hide a snake in a garden that sort of thing?"  

"Well the first part yes, the serpent thing was not my choice I improvised after but there's got to be a plan."    

"Oh I see. That's why Universe A-1 is still thriving? I'll do that with the next one."  

"Next one? It's my turn."  

"But you've won twice."  

"That's not my problem."    

"But it's not fair I..."  

Death brought his scythe down on the large woman. It went through her neck and a stream of light came out.  

"What did you do!" she yelled.  

"I got tired of all your talking. I'll do this by myself."  

The streams of light thrashed wildly before forming a web on the reaper's scythe. He dropped it but they searched for him landing on his bony left hand and climbed higher.  

"What have you done?" he shouted as he fought for control.  

Life coughed, "Nothing brother, you've done this, trying to finish me. You can't be without me."    

Death waved his hand and it fell off, but the streaks still went for him. He vanished appearing 70 light years away near the Otrian Red Giant only to see the golden rays appear on his wrist. He vanished once more going 200 light years into the Phyron nebula but the rays persisted. He reappeared in the room.  "Stop this, stop it now."    

"I can't you're the one who's done it."    

"Can you undo it then?"  

"It could be stopped we can combine for now then spread our power to form a new universe. It should redistribute our attributes and solve the problem."  

"How do you know."  

"Because I know power brother," she rolled out of her bed trying to pull the light to her. "hurry up."  

"but we haven't got much time. how will we start."  

"Big bang?"   

"I'm not doing that."  

"big band then? The universe was streamed out of the god's flute." 

Death shot her the kind of look humans gave when they were told to undergo an anal probe.  

"Do you have any ideas then?"  Life asked.    

Death's arm faded and broke of at the elbow. "This is ridiculous, we're sticking to the A1 template"  

"Again?"  

"Tried and tested it works,"  

"We're becoming a cliche."  

"Do you want to watch reruns of Sunset Boulevard or not!" he yelled at her.  

"Fine if you're going to be like that, but I still get to be life this time. Make it different."  

Defeated, Death waved his right hand and the sky contracted around their house. He then turned to Life who was breaking into particles that streaked to the sky. He followed suit.  

"Let's see if I got this right," Life started her voice now echoed through the cosmos. She let out peals of mirthful laughter that reverberated through the planets and cloaked the universe in a tinge of orange "In the beginning there was a word and the word was god..."  

***

You can read more of my life and death stories at /r/pagefighter

