Napoleon was at the edge of his seat, by the end of this session, he'd wipe that smug look off of Wellesley's face, and his imbalanced barbarian "Iron Duke" would have to be re-rolled.  Wellesley had just finished a tirade about Napoleon having killed his General, Cooke.

Athena gazed at the two men from over the top of her DM blind, "Napoleon, you know that it's poor form to target Generals.  I'm not saying that I'll punish you, per se.  But, if you win this battle- I just may decide to punish you while crossing the channel."  The implication was quite clear.

 Hands shaking, Napoleon reached for his d20.  Bringing the die to his lips, he gave it his signature kiss as he closed his eyes and threw for the success of the linchpin of his plan- *clack clack clack taptaptap* 

"VINGT!" Napoleon exclaimed, barely ducking Wellesley's chair, as it came hurdling over the table, only to be smashed to bits upon the cold stone wall.

At this point in time, Wellesley, breathing deeply, color returning to normal- mustered all of his calm and gave Athena his most stately gaze and said, "I'll cast 'summon Blücher."  Napoleon, who had been taking a deep and smug drink of a particularly delicious 1750 Bordeaux, choked and sputtered out a raucous laugh.  "You are a barbarian, you English twit!  You cannot cast spells."

Wellesley swiveled his head to meet Napoleon's mirthful expression.  "That is where you are wrong, You ponce", he bagan, "You see, I put my last seven levels into Conjurer."  By way of response, Napoleon merely scowled.

Wellesley collected his beaten, and battered brass d20, while counting his +2 wisdom mod to reach a 15 against Napoleon's AC.  He rolled the die between his fingers, and simply tossed it toward Napoleon, each skip along the way issuing a report that was nearly deafening.

Just then, the door to the game room opened, and a crisply dressed seventy-something year old man in Prussian uniform entered the room.  "Zorry I am late, Arthur.  You woult  not believe ze traffic I hat to deal vith getting into Beligiu---"

**SLAM**

Muttering to himself, Napoleon hastily slammed his book closed, threw his dice in his bag, and marched from the room having not so much as said goodbye to anyone.