My alarm clock buzzes me awake, it's 6:45 in the morning, I sit up and snooze the alarm. "Fuck, I knew I should've went to bed earlier!" I crawl out of bed and open my blinds and stare at the rising sun. I turn my head to my alarm as the sun crawls back around the earth and the time rolls back to 11:11 at night. I jump back into bed with the enthusiasm of a sleep deprived college student and immediately knock back out. Say what you will but the best part of being a reality warper is sleeping as long as you'd like with no social consequence. 

6:45 AM rolls back around, my alarm goes off, I wake up soon enough after and crawl out of bed. I take a step and I'm instantly in my closet, I blink and I'm dressed for the day, another step and I'm in my kitchen. Making breakfast is as simple as picturing my bowl of cereal fixing itself, hell this morning I even made the bowl and the spoon preform a modified version of "Be Our Guest" from Beauty and the Beast. I down my Frosted Flakes and open my front door, I walk through it and in an instant I'm at my job at the antique store. Before I got my powers it was just a normal antique store, selling overpriced shit that sat gathering dust for ages. Within a week of becoming empowered though I decided to have some fun with our inventory, starting up a "Little Shop That Wasn't There Yesterday" scenario. I'd modify the items in the store so that they gave you wonderful powers but with undesired side effects.

It started innocently enough, shoes that never let you trip but can never be taken off, a pair of glasses that makes you incredibly smart but also makes you horrifically ugly, amongst a few other odds and ends. But then it got more sinister, a monkey doll that inventories your house and writes your will purposely making me the sole benefactor, a teddy bear that does your taxes but does them wrong so the IRS audits you, an antique tattoo gun that is only capable of spelling words incorrectly. I'll be the first person to admit that this was evil, but not like capitalism levels of evil just your every day mystical levels of evil. Getting people to buy it was easy enough, the usual crowd that came in would buy anything with a sales sticker on it. I'd slap a 25% off sign on something and then as I was ringing it up give them a bogus backstory about what the item did "Oh this helmet allows you to read peoples minds." Usually they wouldn't believe me at first, what can I say too many things are a sham recently, but after letting them try it out on me they'd see that it worked. They'd take it home and try it out on their friends and family only to discover the negative side effects "this helmet lets you read minds BUT you only hear negative things about yourself." 

But after a month or two of selling these cursed items I became bored with this as well, I mean when everything in the universe is possible is it possible for anything to be fun? I quit my job at the antique shop and immediately teleported myself to a desert, honestly not sure which one I just know there was sand everywhere. I knew exactly what I wanted it had always been my one true desire, I closed my eyes and started imagining. Optimus Prime appeared, A T-Rex appeared, Darth Vader riding a Charizard appeared, and finally the robot form of Cynthia from Rugrats appeared. I was giddy with excitement as I watched what was about to go down, Cynthia was about to get what she deserved, as the three closed in I materialized a tub of popcorn and gleefully sat back and watched the action unfold.
