He was my second guide dog and he was a jerk. But he was my jerk. I learned early on if I pissed him off he'd walk me into the nearest pole. We came to an agreement - if he walked me in front of a bus I'd take him with me. 

The easy relationship I had with my retired guide had lulled me into a false sense of security. With this boy I had to prove myself worthy, and I did. The begrudging respect developed into a deep connection and together we lit up the world.

For years we adventured. Some days we would laze at home and others we would be out for 12 hours or more. When a dog attacked I defended him. We were a team and I had to keep him safe. 

Slowly my retired guide aged and happily became a couch potato. He had always been the old man. My second showed no signs of slowing down and when I was injured he stayed by my side through agony and operations. He adapted to my limp and never complained. 

And then my Labrador stopped eating. Urgent vet appointments led to emergency surgery and a melon sized tumor removed. He recovered and we waited for test results. My retired guide began to struggle with arthritis and nerve damage. 

Malignant. Chemotherapy immediately. He still worked. Bless him, he still wanted to keep me safe. I needed to keep him safe. 

I began to appreciate our days. Lying in bed and watching movies with my boys. The days passed with worrying speed.

And then one morning my retired guide cried out, unable to use his back legs properly. We had been trying to support him for the oncoming winter but it was too late. The day he used his front paws to claw his way onto my bed was the day we said goodbye. 

My second and I were inseparable. We had two months or so before the call came. The cancer was spreading rapidly. We increased the chemo and I will never forgive myself. His last week was not spent running on the beach but in the emergency vet as he hung on for me.

He wouldn't walk for the nurses but when I asked him to show me his bed he tottered to it and huffed in indignation. He might have been improving. 

But he wasn't. I brought his puppy raiser to see him. The person who had cared for him for a year then handed him back so he could help someone like me. Who never stopped loving him. And the feeling was mutual - the feeble tail wag and settling close radiated devotion.

That day he deteriorated. I told him I would be okay and he didn't have to keep me safe anymore. Slowly he let go. I made the call twice in ten weeks. 

Part of me died with him. I lied, I'm not okay without him and I don't know if I ever will be. I couldn't keep him safe.

I've just finished training with my third. He's beautiful and one day we are going to be a great team. But every now and then a knife twists in my heart because he isn't my second. 

I'm honored to have been worthy of being his human. My jerk of a dog. He loved sushi and knew he could get away with murder. And I miss him. 
