A quick geographical analysis doesn’t yield much. Forest, mountains, and more forest. 

I would guess that is is about 5 AM, since it’s early morning in midsummer.

My clothes, absent. Along with everything that I was carrying.

In summary, I’m dead.

The obvious objectives now, are not dying, after that working out where in the world I am, and how I got there.

I walk.

I continue to walk.

Occasionally I hear things, I swear it was a wolf pack howling. 

I carry on. 

And I find a castle, just visible, further up the valley.

As I come closer to it, I begin to notice several oddities.

I would expect a castle, so deep in seemingly empty forest and mountains, to be ruined; the stones weathered, covered in lichens and mosses.

It is the exact opposite. It’s almost as the stones were cut from the rock only yesterday.

I walk, though it is approaching midday, I am beginning to become hungry and thirsty,  and my feet are sour after such a long walk barefoot over the forest floor.

It has become apparent that, from a distance, I greatly underestimated the size of the fortifications. Even though there is still no human life or civilisation in sight.

I have entered the castle, and only impeded by the castle’s own structure, deliberately intended to dissuade the intruder.

Of all the things that I did not expect, it was the beautifully painted walls and ceilings, far removed from the blocks of grey I was familiar with.

I found a chapel, Christian, specifically, though I don’t know which denomination. Catholic maybe?

That said, it confirms my suspicion that we are in Europe.

— — — — 

It has been several weeks, I have managed to procure water, fresh and clear, from the small river. Food, by some simple traps my father showed me as a child. 

I have still not encountered any other humans, this area seems extremely remote.

My belief of wolves has also been confirmed, thankfully however, my suspicions were confirmed from a safe distance.

— — — — 

Still no people. While I am not especially social, it is too little, and I’m beginning to become paranoid. Scared of every twig snapping, every crunch of leaf under foot, as autumn sets.

Otherwise, my position has greatly improved, I have assembled basic garments, as the weather becomes sufficiently cool to demand them. 

— — — — 

I swear I saw another person. I swear, but I have not seen them since that first potential glimpse. 

Of the few things I did find left in the castle that has become my home, was a large quantity of salt. I can start to think about preserving food for stockpile. I have already began to experiment, I have managed to prolong the life of the meats I have been eating, how effectively I will be able to extend this is uncertain.

While I have little doubt of my survival, I would guess this area will become largely impassable as winter sets in. It all but ensures there will be no more people for months.

