Word to wise, this is my first prompt. I'm working on improving my writing skill.

	The Pope wrung his hands uncomfortably the entire flight. Mere weeks ago, Earth had received an off world transmission, the first in decades. It had been relayed immediately to the UN, and was then passed on to the Vatican. Apparently some alien race was prepping to land in Washington, DC, and required Earth's “top religious leader.” The transmitters had insisted they would be landing unarmed, but many, the United States especially, were on edge.
	Pope Francis glanced out the window, noticing the jut of land that had to be the East Coast of the US. A few turbulent minutes later, and the jet was setting down on a private airstrip outside the Pentagon. As the Pope stepped off, he was immediately rushed by waves of all manner of people; news reporters, government officials, Christians. His body guards cleared the path towards the Pentagon.
	“Welcome, Your Holiness,” the President started, holding out his hand. “It very good of you to come with a matter like this.”
	“I feel it to be my obligation,” he replied slowly. “Do we know when they are to arrive?” he asked, with a cursory glance upward.
“We received confirmation moments ago that the craft is beginning its decent. They should be here shortly.”

Sure enough, half an hour later, the aforementioned alien craft was setting down in the designated landing pad. To call it enormous was an understatement. The top half was black, and towered above the Pentagon building and in turn the crowds. The lower half was surprisingly a light teal colour, and from this opened a large set of doors. The creature that stepped out was awe inspiring.
It stood several heads taller than any human awaiting it. It had a bulging, metal plated chest and arms, and no legs to be seen. Its head was a pale cloud of gas, swirling about inside a glass casing. It hovered down the ramp, and towards the podium where the President and Pope stood.
	“Welcome to our planet, and our country,” the President said emphatically.
The extraterrestrial paused, and pressed a few buttons on its arm module. “I AM QUITE GRACIOUS FOR THE HOSPITALITY,” it boomed. The sound came to emanate from everywhere at once. Everyone jumped at the noise, including the alien. Holding up a finger, he turned again to the arm module and pressed buttons rapidly. 
“My apologies,” it continued. The voice was now at a much quieter tone. “I don't often use my projection software, and must admit am a bit rusty with it.”
“Anyway,” he said. “As was laid out in our transmission, I am here to obtain your religious leader.”
The Pope paled at this. “Why am I needed to go with you?” He demanded?
The alien chuckled at this. “Well, we put you on this planet for experience. We did this with many beings, across all species of the galaxy.”
“Although... it seems the immortality gene seems to have faltered. Interesting, it didn't do that with the others...”
“What are you talking about!?” The Pope fumed, growing quite red in the face. “What 'immortality gene'?”
The alien was taken aback. “When we sent you here, 2000 years ago. We knew it would be much longer than a human's lifespan before we returned, so we fitted you with an anti-aging gene so you could gather experience without... dying.”
The anger faded from the Popes eyes, to be replaced with a look of confusion. “2000? 2000?? I am not even 80!”
“What? Are you not the...” The alien glanced at his arm again, “Jesus Christ we delivered?”
“No. I am Pope Francis.”
“Hmm,” he glanced around at the people surrounding the podium. “Well where is he? We kind of need him.”
The Pope squirmed a bit in his chair. “Well, ah... according to our... religious records, he was... crucified.”
The cloud of gas that was the alien's head shifted from pale to vermillion. “Dead?” His voice was soft. “Why was he killed?”
“It seems that many did not appreciate the message he was spreading... and killed him for it.”
The cloud continued to change to increasingly dark shades of red. “So the being I explicitly put on this planet with the purpose of staying alive.... IS DEAD?!”
Immediately, at least a dozen Secret Service men had raised their weapons on the alien.
“It's okay, I'm fine, I'm fine.” he said, though it sounded like he was more talking to himself than anything. “My deepest apologies, I got a bit out of hand there.”
“I'd like to thank you very much for your cooperation with this visit. It is unfortunate that this has happened, but I'm sure I can make it work.” The alien extended his hand toward the Pope and President. Both shook it, somewhat gingerly, before the alien turned towards his ship.
As he made his way to the ramp, he pressed one more button on his wrist.
“Hello? Yeah, Roger? It's me, Terrence. I'm gonna have to shift Jupiter's Messiah up to quarterback. Yeah, you won't *believe* what they did.”