"Shit."

I stared down at The Black King, who was lying face down in a puddle. It turns out that he is - ahem, I mean, *was* \- deathly allergic to coffee. I stared at the half-spilt cup of coffee in my hand.

Grimacing, I tip-toed off into the fading light of the evening, out of the alleyway. Oh God, that was the third one this week! *What am I doing?* I spotted two men in suits headed right for me across the road and immediately sped up.

*Oh no, oh God please no...* I started running, but they caught up to me. I was done. I knew I shouldn't have eaten that last pop tart.

"Hey, it's alright," One of the men said reassuringly. "We're not here to harm you, and you're not in any trouble."

"In fact, we represent the Federal Bureau of Investigation and we'd like you as an adjunct to our operation." The other, identical-looking agent said.

"W-what?"

"We know you've taken down several supervillains already. Dark Horse, GoreTech and now The Black King."

I gulped and nodded.

"But it was completely by accident, I swear." I quickly added.

"Um, sure, alright. We'd like you to come with us."

Reluctantly, I got to my feet and followed the two mysterious figures to their white campout van. Inside, they let me read some agent files, but I refused to sign any contracts that they gave me.

"Now, the next target we have for you is The Slasher. We'd like him taken down as soon as possible, before Friday as a minimum. Here's his file." He handed me a thick beige folder. I stared back at them, dumbfounded. 

"Of course, you're free to call us and our units for help; we're at your disposal. But this is a code amber." When he saw my expectant look, he quickly added, "Urgent."

"I really think you don't understand. I'm not doing this on purpose. I'm a university student, for Christ's sake."

"Just... please. Think about it." One of them said desperately.

I suppressed a sigh, pursed my lips and nodded slowly. They breathed sighs of relief and opened the van doors for me to get out. I started walking to the nearest bus stop - it was getting late and I needed to finish some work. But I couldn't put them out of my mind.

"Jesus," I muttered under my breath. They really wanted me to take down The Slasher? The *FBI* came to *me* to-

The headlights of an approaching car knocked me out of my monologue. The speeding vehicle screeched to a halt not ten metres away from my shaking body. *Jesus Christ! I almost got run over!*

Its door swung open, and in the semi-dark, I could just make out a blueish suit.

"Hey! You!" He said, walking briskly over to me. A few more figures followed.

"We know your game," Another person said, walking towards me. I frowned and took a few steps back.

"This is a misunderstanding," I mumbled, not thinking clearly. This evening was turning out to be more eventful than I had thought.

"No, it's not. We heard you took down Goretech and Dark Horse. Both in one week."

"Then we get reports from command centre saying that The Black King's been found dead. With *your* trademark all over him." He pointed an accusing finger at me.

"What's my trademark?" I asked, more confused than scared. These people were in latex suits that frankly looked quite ridiculous. I could make out their gimmicks a mile away. The guy talking to me? Wings on his mask - probably speed or something like that. That woman in orange? Fire. It was all so predictable. No wonder they never caught The Black King.

"You know. It looked like an accident."

I shook my head in frustration.

"Look, this is all a terrible misunderstanding. They were accidents. It was literally just a strange and bloody irritating twist of fate."

"Shut up," One of them said. "And stay out of our territory."

"No, I swear!"

The ringleader of the group eyed me with suspicion, but I could tell he knew I was being sincere. Just as his expression began to soften, a loud crash rang out. Screams echoed through the street, and a black figure dashed towards us, carrying a large bag.

Instinctively, the figures snapped to attention and began to run towards the figure. My heart skipped a beat and I stayed back. I was guessing it was a heist or bank robbery?

Watching the fight play out, I moved to get a better view, but in doing so, slipped on the wet pavement. I began to get up, but the commotion grew closer and a silhouette slipped past me. Instantly, I shot my arm out and grabbed his leg. He was taken by surprise and fell on the road, dazed.

Not a moment later, a speeding car zoomed by, only slightly jolting with the weight of the figure under it. I widened my eyes in terror. *I just killed somebody.*

I was still disoriented when the superhero team ran to me.

"I-I'm sorry," I managed. "I didn't mean to kill him."

"You punk," One of them spat. "How'd you kill him this time, huh?"

"What?" I stared at them, confused.

"What's your actual power? A Blood Lord? Fire? Death Note?"

"I told you, it was an accident! I didn't mean to-"

"Just stop with the charades, okay?" The speedy guy said, sighing dramatically. "Okay guys, report back to HQ that the Slasher is down."

*The Slasher*? I looked at the flattened figure and inspected his hands. Sure enough, there were metal claws. His mask even boasted three fake scratch marks. Pretty cheesy if you ask me.

"Oh my god," I said, closing my eyes and sighing deeply. After a moment or so, I took out my phone and began to dial a number.

"Hey, is this Agent Fletcher?" I began. "Yes, it seems I will be taking you up on your offer after all."

\---

r/TyanWrites