Shim'qur, of the State Militia, was crawling down the street. Both his legs were broken, hit by the rubble of an exploding hangar.

Around him, the city of Ahaai burned. The chatter of machine guns, the whine of plasma rifles and the drone of hovercraft was all around. It couldn't drown out the screams of the butchered, though.

The defences had fallen so quickly. The Shaz-ur were a hardy race, but these... *creatures*, these monsters, had come out of the stellar void and rent the planet apart with fire and steel. All defences had been swept away in hours. Now there was only slaughter.

Not far ahead, Shim'qur spotted a fallen comrade. His head was obliterated, a smear of chitin and green blood on the cobblestones, and his arms were missing. But Shim'qur's attention was taken by the comlink, still buzzing with energy, which the soldier had clasped to his mouth. A desperate hope formed in Shim'qur mind.

*Maybe there's an evac point... I need a medic, both my legs are broken... If there's a retre-*

There was a loud *crack* behind him, and the comlink exploded. Heavy footsteps approached.

The Shaz-urian rolled over onto his back. He was utterly spent. All hope was gone.

A human was marching toward him. Dressed in the black-grey combat vest of the invaders, he grasped an assault rifle in his hands. The bastard. The damn bastard was smiling.

Shim'qur groaned. "Why, human? Why are you doing this? What have we ever done to you?"

The human stopped for a second. Then he laughed.

"You know, it took us a while to figure that one out. The colony program had just started. Earth was sending hundreds of thousands of ships out into space. Arks to spread our race from our dying home. We didn't know if we could even survive the journey out of our solar system, let alone the flight to the nearest habitable planets."

"We could've helped you save your race!" Shim'qur was shocked. "We have ships! We have supplies! We could've been allies!"

The soldier sneered. 

"Too bad, insect. We're good. See, the moment we went past Pluto, something changed. I don't know how to describe it. It's as if a weight we didn't know we were carrying was suddenly removed. We could see clearly, even though we hadn't know we'd been blind. Our race was weak, but those who got out of the solar system became gods."

A flaming warship streaked through the sky far away, collided with a building and plummeted down like a fiery comet.

"So we helped evacuate the rest of Earth. We built a fleet and colonized a few lonely worlds. And all the time, our scientists pondered. What had happened? Why were we suddenly so much more?
And then they discovered the Silia Waves."

"The what?"

"They named it after the brainiac who discovered them. Radiating from an emitter on the moon. I don't know what they are, I'm just a grunt-but Silia made it very clear to us. They were something like radiation, harming our cells, slowing our neural pathways. To put it simply, they were killing us. Silia said it must've been focused on us for millions of years, because we had evolved to combat their effects. Effectively, we were gods where the Waves didn't reach."

"But why would you attack us? Why this genocide? These people were innocent!"

A flash of anger clouded the soldiers face. He brought the rifle up to his face. A flash of light. Shim'qur's left hand disintegrated. The alien screamed. His vision exploded with pain. When it returned, the human had holstered his weapon.

"The emitter on the moon was sending a signal to a foreign planet. *Your* planet, alien. Sure, it's been millions of years since it was installed. Maybe my kind was just some sick, twisted experiment. Maybe you've forgotten about us."

He pulled out a handgun.

"But we humans don't forget."

Gunshot.

"And we don't forgive."
