 I’m as confused as I am startled. I can’t find the threat in the room of which I need rescuing from. Everything was fine last night! I got off work early and we spent the rest of the evening cuddling and watching some TV.

‘Oh, that’s right.’ I nod my head as I remember how this county works. People just repeat their days at the cost of $100. So weird. I often find myself being beaten to the punch by my neighbors. Before I say my classic jokes or my cheesy lines they were already days or even weeks ahead of me! Isn’t that an invasion of privacy to know how my day is going to go before I do?

“Like reading someone else’s mail...” I mutter. Laura looks at me confused and then I remember.

“Honey, calm down and tell me what happened er-.. what will happen?”

Laura wipes her eyes and let’s out a few more sobs. “Jason, y-you die! Horribly! I have tried over and over to save you but I just- I just can’t save you!”

I put my arm around Laura and rest her head on my chest.

“Oh Laura, I can’t imagine how many times you’ve repeated this day. Though it can’t be all that bad! It is a Friday, eh?” I try to lighten the mood and laugh at my own joke, Laura always laughs when I laugh, it’s contagious. But not this time.

“Jason, what will we do?”

“Well I’ll just check myself-“

“Into a hospital?” Laura interrupts. “Both times I tried you suddenly came down with a harsh fever that transformed into something more serious. It got to the point where no professionals were allowed in and you passed away, painfully.”

“Hmm, was then maybe-“.

“You’re mothers house is no better.” Laura interrupted again. “Someone breaks in and shoots you four times in the chest.”

“But crime has never happened on that street!”

“Jason! I saw it!” Laura’s eyes shut tight.

‘That’s right. It’s not like she hasn’t seen it.’ 

I ease her head off of me and stand up. I then fish out a shirt and pair of pants from the dresser. Laura’s eyes follow me as I make toward the door.

“Where are you going, Jason? There’s isn’t a place you have gone that I haven’t see you die at.”

“I can’t imagine what you’ve seen. And I also don’t think you should suffer like this. This stuff can really take a toll on your mind.”

She seems taken aback by this. “You think I care about that? I care about you, Jason! “

“Oh and I know it, honey. But I can’t let this go on forever, and I know it would if I allow it.” Laura cups her face in her hands.

“I’ll call you if I can. That way, if you want, you can repeat this day. I love you.” I walk swiftly out the door and grab my keys. There’s one place I can go, but I fear that what I’m about to do might seem a bit drastic.

•••••••••••••

I pull up to the building and put my car in park. I can’t believe I’m about to do this. I reach for my father’s gun. It’s a Ruger, equipped with a suppressor. He used to shoot this gun every weekend.

I conceal the gun in my waistband and open the door to the server room. They have Time Warp stations set up every 10 miles. This server station was ours. I look around to see if anyone is around before blowing the lock off the door. I walk in and am greeted with the mass amount of servers. I look for my street and then my address. There it is. Next to the address is the amount of times the Time Travel device has been used.

‘Oh dear.’ 

I stare at the digit listed next to our address and it reads almost 4 digits. My stomach churns as I imagine how many times my sweet Laura had to watch me die, knowing in the back of her mind that she couldn’t stop it. Tears begin to form in my eyes as I hold the gun up to our server. I shoot once, then another, and another. The server is out of operation for sure. I lean against the opposing servers and I slide down to the ground. I sit and I think about how screwed thus country is. Why should anyone have to go through this? They tell it’s citizens they are able to “re-do” their day till they get it right but what they don’t tell them is that it never does go right. By then it’s too late for them to realize the pit of debt they have created. The debt Laura created to save me...


Well it’s alright now. I pray she can find a way to pay off that mountain, but more importantly, I hope she moves on.

“I love you, Laura.”