"But did you see the peninsula splitting into war?" He asked, looking straightforward at a place that hovered between the center of my skull and right through the wall behind me.

I had. 

"No," I said, then donned what I imagined to be the weary face of a man who has tried to do good and has instead done evil. "No I thought that removing that corrupt tyrant would be a good thing."

There was a pause that hovered long enough for my worry to deepen before the man smiled, "well well, cant fault you for that, can we?"

"And who are we exactly?" I asked. "Seems to be I'm kind of hazy remembering that."

The man smiled and moved a white sheet of paper to the right on the table a few inches, "dont worry, your memory will return soon. As for who we are, who do you think we are? Maybe you could read my intention."

I had tried, and to the grinding horror of one who has just discovered that their best and only weapon has been taken from him, I found that I could not. I could not read this man's intention.

"I did, just a bunch of vague 'protect the motherland' sort of stuff they teach you in bootcamp, soldier."
The man's smile deepened. He picked up the piece of paper and showed me the other side. On it was a complex device.

"Nice drawing," I said, "is this some new rorshach test?"

"No." He said, "it is the Unholy Aligment. A guide used by the darkness to plot their eventual war." He strode around the desk to stand before me and then he examined his hands, "do you know where I got it? Where I got the vision?"

So... there were others. "From... him?" I said, secretly hoping that this man and I shared the same awful deal.

The man clicked his tongue then pointed above him. Ah, they've started too.

"You know," I began casually, "I'll just come back if you kill me, I'll come back as a killer true, I'll rape your daughters and burn your fields, I'll fight alongside the great terrors of hell a thousand fold stronger, as a soldier of the great beast."

He shrugged.

"So then," I said, "the war has begun."

The other man pulled the trigger.

"No," he said and turned to look up at heaven, "now it has."