Blood. Blood everywhere. When I burst into the throne room, my heart hammering like a dancer's drum, it was the blood that I saw first. So much blood. The Queen Consort could never abide the sight of it, so executions were done outside the thronehall. Hard by lay the Imperial Guardsmen, piled obscenely in a human heap. All slain, all staining their forest-green cloaks with their life's water. The silver throne had been cast from its pedestal; through shattered windows, the sky was still bright and cloudless.

Then I saw the rabble. Torn and dirty, they looked more like animals than men in their filthy leather. The wild-haired man stood amongst them. I knew him. I had been one of them once, when I was still young and angry. He had been their leader, even then. And mine now lay dead at his feet. He sneered at the prone body of the Emperor, spilling his guts all over the marble floor.

The wild-haired man raised a crimson-stained sword, and plunged it into the Emperor's corpse with a triumphant roar, while his associates gibbered and cheered. I fell to my knees.

He looked up, and his face twisted. "Grand Vizier," he spat, and the air grew heavy between us. "Blue-eyed fool," I growled, the words thick, too full of grief to care. He crossed the distance in a few large bounds and grabbed me roughly by the throat. "Traitor. I have not forgotten your old betrayal."

"Blue-eyed fool," I repeated, clutching at his iron fingers, the words a choking gasp. I felt no fear, despite the circumstances. "Flame-haired bastard. What have you done?"

"I have brought peace to all Ardonia!" he announced, although his bright blue eyes never left my face. "I, Alvan Cale, have slain the great Tyrant. The dread dragon. Black king of the accursed. His magic availed him not. Your foul Emperor has fallen, Vizier. No longer shall your kind--"

"You could have waited one more day!" I grated. The rage within me was ready to burst. "Tell me, Alvan Cale. Blue-eyed fool. Why is the Emperor called the Pillar of the World?"

"He thought himself a god. That his power was without limit. I have proved him mortal."

"And from whence did his power spring?"

"From the pits of Jehannum, if nowhere else." The answer came fast and sure, and the iron fingers tightened. Cale had always been so sure of himself, convinced of his own righteouness. "It was, because he is," I choked, almost mad, clawing at Cale's crushing hand. "He is the pillar of the world. Was." Red spots began to flash before my eyes. Cale laughed. "Pitiful. Your lies shall hold us no longer."

The ground trembled slightly, like the sound of distant thunder.

A flicker ran across Cale's harsh features. The grip on my throat loosened, just a little. "What was that?"

"Death," I croaked. "Death comes to us all."

There was a pregnant silence. And then, again, a tremor. Rumbling. The very ground seemed to be groaning. "This is one of your foul magics, Vizier, and nothing more!" he bellowed, spittle flying.

With a sudden effort, I prised his fingers open. "This is no magic, blue-eyed fool." Before he could react, my foot snapped into his groin with a satisfying crunch. He doubled over, and his associates raised their weapons with a yell. I spread my arms, my robes flapping like the wings of a carrion bird, grinning widely, madly. "The Emperor was the lynchpin of the world. Without him, its very foundations crumble. The vast magics of earth and sky are vested in his august person. Tyrant that he was." I was screaming now, my grief unleashed. "Twenty-four years I spent trying to uncover the secret of how he was to be slain without harming the essence of the world. For black tyrant he was. Full worthy of death, if there any man had been! But there was another before him, so I knew he could be slain and replaced."

They gaped at me, trying to understand. I laughed wildly. Things were too far gone now. "And I found, finally, in one of the eldest of the books of lore--books I crossed seas and continents to find, and suffered hardships beyond compare, fool, how could you know?--that when the heavens were of a certain quality and when the signs had reached their final portents, he could be slain, and another would take his place. When the proper rituals were carried out. And the final sign was to have come on the morrow. Who now shall take his place, now that he is dead before the proper time?" The tremors grew stronger. The distant sounds resolved into screams, human screams and wailing. The midst of the day had turned suddenly to twilight. I fell to my knees again, now laughing, now weeping, tearing at what remained of my hair. Cale was on his feet, shouting something that I could barely make out. I tore at my cheeks, my nails leaving bloody furrows. "It should have been me. I was to take his place. I. I. The next Pillar Of The World. A new Empire for new men, it was to be. I could have saved us all, but for you. You. Blue-eyed fool. There is no pillar now. The fires come, Cale, and the darkness. The darkness comes. The darkness takes us all." Like a tide, the blackness was rising, far outside the shattered windows.







