A tick wracked his body as something broke in the bathroom.

Allie? Darling? Everything OK?

He heard some shuffling behind the shut door. Scraping of fingernails against the white paint and wood.

He hurried to the door and almost had his hand on the brass knob when a hand turned it from the other side and ripped the door open.

Brandon! Oh my god! It's been so long and you're still here! Her eyes were wild and a bit unfocused. I figured you'd be dead, or gone, or at least older! She inspected her own hands before her and frowned. I need to wash up a bit. Small crescents of impacted dirt had built up under her nails.

Alright, alright I'll let you clean up, but did something break in here? Pushing his head inside he did see the mirror piece had fallen and broken into more pieces. Be careful Allie, I need to clean that up. Let me go get the broom.

She paid him no attention. Brown water dripped from the faucet over her hands. Her clothes were fine, at least they hadn't been torn up this time.

In the kitchen he opened a cabinet and retrieved a can of potatoes and snagged the cylinder of propane from the hiding spot behind the washer. Carefully he screwed it into the camping stove and set the pot on top before depressing the ignition a few times. Fortunately the spark caught with only 6 strikes. He frowned- it was getting colder by the day. Two and a half cylinders was not going to last till April. Hopefully it didn't have to. With the pot set, he turned to the closet to get the broom.

Something crashed outside their apartment, further down the hall. The muscles in his heart slammed adrenaline through his veins with an audible tha-thump. His hands were shaking as he whittled the can open with a bottle opener. After turning the can upside down in the pot, he crept to the door and carefully looked through the peephole. He was careful not to lean on the door to keep it from making a sound. It was only now that he heard the shouting and another thump.

His muscles tensed involuntarily. The shouted words barely came through the door- in! Let me in!

Another thudding sound came from the other direction. He craned his head but couldn't see- two men dashed down the dark hallway towards the sound. That's all he had saw before he ducked out of sight of the peephole.

He crawled across the floor to the camper stove and turned it off quietly. His hands could barely maintain a solid grasp on the pot handle as he scurried back to the bathroom to make sure Allie was alright.

She was standing in the hallway. Her eyes had a worried curiosity. What is it Brandon? Everything OK? Her voice was cluelessly loud.

He put a shaking finger to his lips and shouldered her into the bathroom. Shivers were running through his body. The pot clinked in the sink as he tried to quietly set it down. He closed the door and darkness swept over them.

Brandon? What is it?

Shh was the only thing he could utter between his clenched teeth.

It was then that his body began to nearly convulse. As shells screamed out of the sky and nearby explosions rocked the building, every muscle in his body pulsed involuntarily. He curled his knees to his chin and pulled them tight to his chest with his arms. He pulled until it hurt.

In the dark, Allie fumbled towards him. Her warm touch fell softly on his shoulders, pulling him into her with a gentle hug. It did little for the tremors, but Brandon could feel his heart beating lighter.

There there. We'll be there soon. She said quietly.

He could feel her breath on his face. Her cheek against his. He couldn't relax. But he leaned into her. Pressing his face into her neck and chest. He unwrapped his arms from around his knees pitifully hung them from her neck. The sobs came quietly at first.

The air was warm. Grass tickled the bare skin on his arms. A bright sun pierced his eyelids.

Opening his eyes greeted him with a completely unfamiliar sight. Green mountains rose in the distance. Waving grass that flashed red and green in the breeze. As he turned surveying the landscape, he spotted a simple log house nearby.

Are you feeling better Brandon? He turned around. Allison was sitting in the grass behind him. You always drool so much when you sleep. She stood.

Where are we?

She smiled and held her arms out to embrace him. She pulled him close. And whispered in his ear.

Home.