Long ago, before the empires of men, there was the tiny kingdom of Zh么 that laid in the vale between myth and reality. Her armies infinite, her splendor incalculable, and her beauty...legendary. This drew the ire of the progenitors, the first race, the great dragons of creation. The most evil of these beings went only by Xi'Matet and its soul was as black as her scales. She had grown violent and jealous over the centuries, much to the peril of the tiny kingdom. 

Then, one day towards the end of winter under the light of the second moon as the war was nearing the end, the princess of Zh么 was stolen from her room in the castle. The scales and the utter devastation left no doubt as to the culprit. The king, distraught at the loss of his only child, offered the all but the kingdom for her safe return. His cries rallied the strong and broke the heart of any who could not give remedy, through him the world would come to know sadness. Word had spread throughout the land of his reward. 

What happened next has never happened...and would never happen again in this age. A white dragon appeared at the great gates of Zh么 calling for an audience. The king said, "For the safe return of my daughter I will give you anything you desire!" And the white dragon Set'kha accepted the offer, his eyes glowing like jade at the prospects of his reward. 

Now, the mountain homes of dragons are rarely empty, and Xi'Matet was no exception. Wild packs of fell creatures  and wild men from the great forests also called her temple home. Fires and death followed for days as the great wurms battled for dominance. Smoke and lightning filled the air...sickness and plagues wrenched the land. And all creation came to know suffering from the avarice that was borne from that great conflict.

At last the dark dragon was defeated and shackled in great stone chains beneath the earth. Cast down forever and kept eternally bound to Set'kha. The princess was brought before the great hero and they fell in love. The great dragon took human form and returned to the palace. There was much joy that day in Zh么...but it was not to last. The sorrow of the king had given way to hate and anger. His archers and their dragonbane arrows at the ready brought betrayal and deceit into the world that evening. 

Set'kha died that night from his wounds, but he had already claimed his prize with the princess, so the great line of white dragons lived on. And that, my little hatchling, is why you don't trust humans.

 