Let me tell you, paradise *rocks.*

You get all the drinks in the world, all the luxuries in the world, all the amenities in the world. But the best part is the people. No assholes make it to paradise, because, well, it’s paradise. Cindy from sales or that bitch Ms. Mako from 3rd grade don’t make it into places like this. I don’t know where those people go, and frankly, I don’t care, so long as they’re not here. 

So for the past 100 years or so I’ve been living it up, drinking, dancing, talking, and, err…cavorting, if catch my drift. I would like to tell you it’s because I was happy for once in my life, or because I thought I deserved to enjoy myself. But that would be a lie.

I did it to distract myself. 

See, right after I died, humans discovered immortality. I was all around pretty glad about the whole thing. I couldn’t even make it through the normal life span. After Lisa left me…you know it just seemed like there was no point in going on living, well, if you would call moping around crying and barely seeing anyone else living that is. 

Lisa…Despite all the women here, the pleasures, the bliss…I still remember Lisa like it was yesterday. Her dark hair, her almond eyes, her soft skin… 

Whenever thoughts like this came into my head I threw myself into paradise again. Drinks, girls, you know how it is. Party until you can’t remember who you are. 

But you can’t party every night. Sometimes as I’m lying down on the grass I’ll think she touched my hand. I’ll turn, but of course, she isn’t there. I will be walking and I’ll hear a laugh. A laugh that’s eerily familiar. I’ll search through the crowds, but of course, I don't find her. 

But the worst was the observatory. We were all allowed to go to the observatory and see how our loved ones were doing, see anyone on the Earth. That’s how we found out see, that humans discovered immortality. There was a huge party when I had arrived, supposedly the last newcomer to paradise ever. 

And I had been tempted to look, God, I’d been tempted. To see her again, after all these years, to hear her, even if it would just be a one way thing…it was almost too much to bear. 

But I was afraid of what I would find. 

What kind of society would there be if everyone was immortal, with overpopulation and all that. How would Lisa be doing, where would she be? I couldn’t know. I didn’t want to know.  

And so I resisted the urge to look, to see how she was, what she had become in their new world. I Immersed myself in the hollow pleasures of the afterlife, tried to forget her, but it was always an itch in the back of my mind, like something I couldn’t quite reach. 

And one day I was there. 

I don’t even consciously remember making the choice to go to the observatory, but one day I found myself inside taking a ticket, and stepping on top of the giant lens. There were no controls, just thought. And of course the only thought I had at that moment was of Lisa. 

So I paid no heed to the colonies humans had set up on other planets, the shining towers, the sprawling cities. I zoomed straight into a normal looking apartment, and there she was, as if she hadn’t aged a day, literally. 

And she was laughing. 

She sat across from another guy whose face I couldn’t see and she was laughing, so hard that there were tears in her perfect eyes. I was stunned. For a second I couldn’t quite think anything else, my mind filled with the same familiar laugh that I knew, that I had not quite forgotten. 

The guy seemed to be laughing too.

Their hands were touching on top of the table.

Without looking at anything else I walked out, leaving the observatory. But she he didn’t need me, she was happy without me. She was happy, laughing. According to the observation log, humans had made progress at a rate unheard of in any other time. I had feared Lisa would be living in some dystopia, a human hell. 

This was worse. 

***
(minor edits)

if you enjoyed, check out my new subreddit [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/)
