I was nothing if not fastidious. That's what my mother used to say. Persnickety was her word, actually. Persnickety Pandora, she should have called me. Again, her words not mine. Because, she said, I placed far too much emphasis on unimportant details. 

On the trivial little issues that most people would simply ignore. 

But the thing with all that is, how do you ever know if a detail is unimportant? I mean, sure it might seem so at the time. But what about if, twenty years later, you need a list of all the people you've healed, on the day that you healed them, and ideally with the precise time you healed them. Suddenly those unimportant details make up the most important black notebook that you've ever carried. 

So, if my mother were still alive, I think I'd tell her that *every* detail is important, until we know for certain that it is *not*.

The house before me was slumped on either side, like a sandcastle left out in the rain. Its crumbling brick only waiting for the breeze or the tide to sweep it away completely. 

It looked how I felt.

"Mister Berkovich?" I said, peering up at the wrinkled face, while waiting for a spark of recognition that didn't come.

The old man who had answered the door was in a long black dressing-gown. It had been twenty years since I'd last seen him -- if it was indeed him at all -- and back then, phones with decent cameras were as rare as Hollywood directors without scandal are today. All I had to go on were my memories.

"Yes?" He squinted at me for a moment, then took a pair of round, metal framed spectacles from out of his dressing-gown pocket and popped them onto his nose. 

"Mister Berkovich, my name is--"

"No, don't tell me," he said, hand raised. He chewed his lip for a moment and closed his eyes. "Ah-ha!" He snapped his fingers and opened his eyes wide. "Got it! Pandora! Pandora, isn't it?"

I was taken aback. "How on earth did you recognize me? I must have been only about this high"--I placed a hand by my hip--"when I last saw you." 

"I would never forget the blue eyes that looked into mine, that day when... Why don't you come in, Pandora?" He moved out of the doorway and ushered me inside.

The interior of the house was not so different to the exterior. Sun faded bricks were replaced by dim flower patterned wallpaper; weeds on the front drive were now plates scattered on every available surface; the ivy, damp creeping up the walls in dark tendrils.

"Please, take a seat," he said, already moving a mound of sepia-faded newspapers from off a large green armchair.

"Thank you," I said, afraid to seem rude by refusing. I was still my mother's child after all, and with that came Catholic guilt and a host of mental afflictions one doesn't tend to talk about. I sat down.

"I'll be right back," Mister Berkovich said, as he popped out of the room.

His lounge was like a museum of memories. No, more of a *mausoleum*. These items: the pictures, the papers, the litter, the old tv magazines -- this was not a curated lot. It was the uncared leftovers of a life hardly lived.

I heard the hissing of a kettle as Mister Berkovich stepped back into the room brandishing what looked like a piece of paper. He handed it to me.

"Tea won't be a minute. In fact, it'll be about three." He laughed at his joke.

I looked down at the object he'd given me. A Polaroid of a middle-aged man, his arms around a blue eyed girl. One of his thumbs was raised, and he had strange smile across his lips. Next to them was the smouldering remnants of beat up old car that had crashed into a wall.

My heart slumped. I didn't remember the photo being taken, but the fact that it had been... that he'd saved it. I wasn't a hero. Did he see me that way? I had an ability outside of my understanding. A blessing thrust upon me that had recently taken a twist for the worst, warping itself into a burden. A curse. Perhaps it had been a curse all along, just waiting to show its true colors. Mom had always thought so.

"Mister Berkovich," I said, looking up at the old man. "You only have one day left to live. Tomorrow at eleven thirty-three... that's when...   *I'm sorry*."

The background hissing rose to a high pitched shriek. "That'll be the kettle," he said, not skipping a beat. "I'll back back in a moment, don't you worry. You just relax."

I ran a hand over my face. Had he even heard me?

"Here you are!" he said happily as he came back into the room. "A chocolate biscuit too. Least I can do." 

There was no milk in my tea, and I thought it best not to ask. The biscuit was soggy without even being dunked.

"Mister Berkovich--"

"Peter."

"*Peter,*" I repeated. "Did you hear what I said? You have a day left to live. I'm sorry."

He nodded.

"It's... how I saved you, you see," I continued. "My healing. It's all coming undone now. Every bit of good I ever did... it's all unravelling." I could feel the warmth of my tears as the snaked down my cheeks. "You were the first person I saved. Not the first I healed, but the first who would have died. You will also be the first to come undone. I'm so, so sorry."

For a moment, he said nothing. Then, he spoke. Slowly and considerately. 

"You know, when you saved me... when you found me, flung through the car window, my neck as shattered as the glass..."

I nodded. It had fuelled my nightmares through school and college. The sight of him there. Broken but breathing.

"My brakes hadn't faltered. Nor had I fallen asleep. And I had *chosen* not to wear my seatbelt."

"I... I don't understand."

"I swerved. On purpose."

"Oh." I didn't know what else to say. He'd meant to kill himself? "I'm sorry," I repeated. The words had a new meaning this time.

"Nonsense," he chuckled. "I wanted to die back then because I had no one -- nothing -- to live for. I felt like the world hadn't shown me any kindness. Ever. My parent's certainly hadn't. My father's belt most definitely hadn't. But *you,* you did. You were a sign that my life had to go on." 

I swallowed hard.

"You saved me," he continued. "Not just then, but everyday since. Every moment I felt weak and wondered if to continue."

I ran a sleeve over my face, wiping away the tears. "I can't save you this time," I whispered.

"You've saved me enough. I'm ready to go now. Oh, and I'm sure you feel sorry for me, here all alone in this mess. But you'd be wrong to do so. *This* is how I chose to live. It was how I chiselled my block of happiness out of the big round clay."

"Thank you," I whispered. 

"It would mean a lot to me, however, if you would at least stay for that cup of tea."


~~~


As I left Mister Berkovich's -- Peter's -- house, the driveway seemed a little less gloomy. The sweet taste of the stale biscuit still lingered in my mouth.

He had been so different to my mother. She had known that I could save her from the cancer, and yet she didn't believe it was God's will. Up until an hour ago, I had begun to think she'd been right. But now.... now I wasn't so sure.

I took out my notebook, flicked it to the front page, and crossed out Peter's name. Then, I put the Polaroid he'd given me by its side.  

*Izabel*. That was the next person on my list. 

A girl I had met by pure fortune, during a family holiday to Brazil.

Now I had two left days left to find her again. Unlike Peter, if I got her to a hospital, perhaps she could be saved.













