As I hunched down against the dead tree, I barely dared to breath. My family was insane. One had promised his sponsor more gold than would ever be available in the whole land, perhaps even beyond. Another had promised to drown the lands and sacrifice all in it, creating a paradise for the converted. Yet another had exited the Arbiter's Grounds with a wild look, hair raised high by electricity. As he screamed like a madman, electrifying everything in his path, our father had sat upon his throne, smiling his calm, sickening smile.  
  
Insane. All of them.  
  
Given that my five brothers and two sisters had all sought -and received- patronage from practically every major deity out there, there was only one thing I could have done. Run. I had no intention of fighting them, even though they would be happy to end my life in a way that pleased their patron. It's not that I'm not up to them in a one on one fight; far from it. I was best with the swords, best with the mystical arts the teachers had seen fit to bestow upon me. Sometimes, nymphs would look and giggle, pushing me ever forward in my quest to learn more. Yet I had not sought the sponsoring of a God; only bad could come from over promising and under delivering. But what had probably angered my father most was my defiance to not use the learned abilities for "the good of the kingdom", as he said it. Whole kingdoms burned under the sole of my sister Goneril, their inhabitants setting it ablaze as if they had known nothing else to do in life. My brother Angra left destruction wherever he went, pillaging and causing mayhem to everything in a hundred lengths' sight. In the end, all was claimed in honor of the great King Karodi the Fifth... And now he was dying. "Difficult," he had weezed with his short breath, only a few nights before. "So much potential. So much talent. But who... who will be good enough to lay claim on everything that is now mine?" He had looked around the chamber, cackling about a battle royale, eyeing everyone -except for me, of course. The one who rather studied tactics and ways of healing, bettering the people. The one who's mother had been beheaded as soon as it became clear he did not share the penchant of destruction that had permeated every fibre of the others. The one that actually got smiles from the people as he passed by, instead of the mothers who pushed inside their children whenever a royal procession passed by, afraid of losing them to the army of a madman. 
  
The weakling.  
  
And now, here I was, gaining my breath as I had ran away from the onslaught my siblings were causing, vying for total dominance over the others... be it alive or dead, though father had strongly hinted that a head was the most preferred way of claiming victory over another. Even though I knew I had to confront my dear family sooner than later, it had seemed best to let them murder each other first before trying to talk some sense in the ones left.  
  
Yet... A peculiar feeling came over me. The forest was quiet. Much quieter than was to be expected with everything going on. As I stood, it occurred to me that the blaze in the distance was more... subdued.  
  
"Do you know of the prophesy, young one?"  
  
I didn't even flinch. Against another dead tree right in front of me, even though I'm sure not there before, was a nymph. But something was... *off*. The dancing shadows around her were more black than the darkest of nights, almost sucking in the little light the pale moon shone through the canopy. Her skin was bleak, pale beyond comparison... yet she was not unattractive. As I approached her, she darted away, twirling around a large oak. I shook my head.  
  
"Long ago, in a time when your ancestors were but stardust, a great prophecy was spoken. One would be born to a cruel man, but not be one itself. Cunning, able, smart, yet caring." She mischievously laughed as she flickered out of, and back into existence at the next tree. She was leading me.  
  
"The wicked man would not know but pain and suffering, as would his offspring. Yet one child was to be the one who would end it all. Some whisper about this prophecy, long forgotten to the sands of time, passing it off as the tales of fairies. But some still remember. For you see, we are but stewards of the Beyond. We do not revel in our task, nor do we shy away from it. Our duty is to the world, and the world has a duty to us." Again, she laughed. I was in trance. I had the feeling that Father Time himself had intervened, weaving us inside a protective cocoon, safe from the rest of the world. And then I saw it.  
  
The Temple of the Beyond.  
  
The black marble glistened ominously in the night, its shadows the same substance of the mortiad; because that, I was certain, was what she was. A nymph of death. For my teachers had imparted me wisdom from the forbidden sections of the Library of Brittanica, one of the lands conquered in the early days of my family line. Certain texts had spoken of this little-known temple, a place to pray to those lingering in the Beyond. One of my ancestors, so I had read, had tried to demolish the temple, fearing those that came back in retaliation of his cruel ways. When that didn't work, they just banned the scriptures, erasing every notion of it from history and punishing those speaking about it with death. But the scriptures had survived, and while they knew about the forbidden sections, my teachers could not speak what I would find when going down the dark halls; no one who tried had come back. But then, the son of their Lord had come in, inquisitive about everything the world had to offer. When I descended into the darkness, away from the rest of the world, I had found and read the texts, guided there by something. So it came to be that I learned about the temple. Upon my return, the teachers were gone. I found out shortly afterward that they had poisoned themselves with basilisk's venom, taking the knowledge of what the youngest of the Lord had done with them.  
  
And here it was. It's becoming more clear now why I am here, what my purpose is in the grand tapestry of life. As I stepped inside, I felt my connection to the world change. Everything became clearer, yet different. As I entered the grand hall, the scale of it drew my breath away. Tapestries hung from the ceiling: stories of our world, how it came to be, where we are now; fire and destruction ravaging the land. But also growth, life, and love. Places I did not recognize; worlds apart from ours, all connected to one another. From the void in between the columns, I was watched. I did not feel threatened; only hope radiated from it. Shadows traveled from column to column, as if encouraging me to go forward. At the end, the mortiad waited for me at an altar. I did not recognize the substance of which it was made: hot to the touch, yet black as the night, the white fires around me casting black shadows all around, as if alive.  
  
"It is time." The mortiad smiled. 
  
I nodded. As I fell to my knees, I prayed. A small prayer to a long forgotten God, whispering his name, wishing for the strength to end this madness and for peace to return. Not only here, but for the Beyond as well. And I was answered. As I stepped outside the temple, the shroud, made of stuff from the Beyond around my shoulders, flowed behind me.  
  
And Death followed.