“Hey, remember me? Britain, 1800s?”

The husky tremble shot through me, vibrating some place in my heart that had only seen cobwebs and shadows for longer than I could even remember. My head popped up so quickly I almost felt dizzy, but that dizziness came about a moment later when my own charcoal gray eyes rested on vibrant green ones. 

The redhead who spoke had her hair in a sloppy half bun on top of her head. The loose coils hanging down lazily to frame her cheek and spill over her shoulder. I expected a spark of recognition when I looked at her. The dusty cover of freckles to take me back to some time I could collectively remember. The voice vibrated so heavily in my chest. But like everything else, nothing came to mind. My memory, still only a collection of hazy pictures and stringed together timelines. I knew I was immortal, I knew I had lived a long time. But...why couldn’t I remember anything in particular? The scar above my left breast burned and I unconsciously rubbed at it. 

I can feel her eyes burning on me, so I turned to look down at the cup of coffee I had in front of me. That’s when the low, melancholy sound of her voice made me ache. “You still don’t remember, do you, Anna?” 

“How do you know my name?” I nearly shouted, a mixture of surprise, excitement, fear. I knocked over my cup of now cold coffee as a whirled around to face her. She was already walking to the front door of the coffee shop to switch the fluorescent ‘open’ sign off and lock the door. When she got back, she grabbed a rag to sop up the mess I had made. She didn’t make eye contact, but her smile was sad and distant as it tugged at the corner of her rose colored lips. 

“I’ve known you such a long time,” She started sitting down and tossing the now dirty stained rag into a bucket. She finally met my questioning gaze, putting a hand on my closed fist on the table. Her touch wasn’t as soft as I expected it to be, her hands a little calloused and rough. “I’m supposed to let you remain...without memory. But I’m sorry, I can’t. Not anymore. It’s partially for my selfishness but also…” She glanced away and with new resolve looked back. “We need you. A darkness is coming, I darkness I’ve hidden you from. But *we* can’t hold it back any longer.” An urgency in her voice made me lean in, brows furrowed and confused. I could scarcely hear over the frantic beating of my own heart. 

“Who’s we and who —“ I was cut off by the soft suppleness of her lips as they pressed to mine. For a moment, I panicked. But it was only a second before my mind burst with a torrent of color. Life and memories breathed back into me, like a distant lullaby that soon became an orchestra. Memories flashed so violently through me, I stood deftly and nearly fell. But *she* held me in place, a head taller than me and a lot stronger than she looked. 

When the whirlpool of memories returned, I took a hesitant breath in. New air filled my lungs and chilled them, my body ached like it was something new and foreign. I could remember. I remember the nearly fatal blow that left me on the verge of death. And the sacrifice that had to be made to seal away my memories. 

I pushed back just enough to look up, “Kendra.” I breathed and she smiled, running a hand through my mop of blonde hair. 

“Yes,” she whispered, “You are the Holy Grail and I’m your Templar. And this time the threat isn’t coming from below.” Kendra pointed to the sky. “But from Heaven.”
