I sit down and quietly flick the lamp on, the single iridescent bulb bathing the small machine in a stoic amber glow. I take a moment, my mind still two ways about decisions, the future, life, and how things can change so quickly. So damn quickly.

I distract myself by reviewing the plans I drew up after dinner and a new anxiety rises to the surface.

*What are you even doing? You have no idea what you’re doing.*

I rest my temple on my fist and inhale slowly, fighting the frustration I can feel bubbling up from within me. I don’t even know if the dimensions on the blueprints are accurate. 

Kids grow up so fast. Feels like just yesterday I was wiping tears off Jordan’s face as he prepared for his first day of school and now, well... yesterday he located a missing boy who was lost in the woods after running away from home. No one knows it was my son who saved the boy; it’s not like I can talk to anyone about it, and Jordan certainly wouldn’t mention it to me, just like he didn’t tell me about the irradiated wolf, or whatever it was, that bit him on their high school field trip to Oracle Labs. 

No, that.. that I had to find out for myself. 

For whatever reason, he told me he’d slashed himself on a fence. I asked innocent questions, full of appropriate levels of concern, and he shut me out. Teenagers, y’know?


He healed up quickly, which every parent wishes for, it’s just...it’s a bit shocking when they heal *so* quickly. Which is good, don’t get me wrong; It’s great that my eldest son doesn’t feel pain and can heal a broken bone in a day and turns into a huge, super powered *friggin Werewo-*...but...

*Heh*, I chuckle bitterly. Every parent wants their kid to be the best version of themselves that they can be but when the reality of that is your kids become superheroes, risking their lives daily, dodging bullets and fighting psychopaths, you start to wish your kids would succumb to mediocrity, just like you. 

Safe, simple mediocrity.

I bury my head into my hands and exhale sharply, then rub my face roughly, working out some of the nervous energy in my body.

*What are you doing, what are you doing?* 

I don’t even know where to start. What’s a father to do? What would you do if, weeks after your sixteen year old son gains secret wolf powers, your fourteen year old daughter gets abducted by aliens and comes back with crazy alien crystal technology embedded in her DNA? 

Yeah? You think you could stay calm? Make rational decisions? Yeah, pull the other one mate. If you believe that I have a bridge to sell you.

Of course, Maddi wouldn’t tell me anything about her abduction either, which is fair. I’m no great communicator; I’m a carpenter, not a shrink, but I offered her my time and my ear if she ever needed me. 

Kids don’t need their parents like they used to. Can’t say I blame them exactly, I rebelled against my parents too when I was their age. It’s part and parcel of life. We just try to do our best and hope it’s enough. 

So, obviously I know I shouldn’t have read her diary. I know that. But when your daughter withdraws from you after disappearing for three days, you worry. The fear that you’re just some useless lug who can’t even help his own kids turns your insides like a roiling broth. 

She thinks the aliens were after Jordan and nabbed her by mistake. She fought her way free (self defence, best thing their mother ever taught the lot of them, even I’ll admit that) and in the ensuing chaos she seems to have crashed through some crystal machines, embedding shards of alien technology in her body and transforming her into some kind of... walking super computer that can summon and control crystal nanobots or something! I don’t know, I just don’t know. She uses big complicated words and I-I just...they’re beyond me.

I scratch my head roughly in frustration and continue staring at the machine on the desk in front of me. Maddi and Jordan, they don’t really need me. They can look after themselves, as much as I hate to admit it. No one has yet made a connection between them and the ever growing number of stories about The Big Bad Wolf and the Crystal Girl who were stopping crimes and solving mysteries every other night. See, they can hide their identities. The thing is though, I’ve been paying attention to the stories and I noticed an alarming trend about rumours of a short ninja joining them. 
It doesn’t take a whole lot of genius to realise your twelve year old martial arts prodigy of a son has been eagerly dodging bullets with his older siblings. 

I blame his mother, and if Interpol ever manages to find her I have some strong words I would like to say about her parenting techniques, super-spy assassin skills be damned. 

Oh who am I kidding, they would have become super heroes on their own, with or without their mother. The movies are everywhere these days and, truth be told, I did bring them up to favour altruism over arrogance so, as much as I hate to admit it, I also share the blame. 

I sigh heavily; my mind is made up. I lean forward and feed some fabric into the sewing machine, then rest my foot on the pedal. I take another glance at the plans I drew up earlier and, with a last deep breath and a sigh of hope that the dimensions are correct, I set the bobbing head going and start haphazardly stitching the costumes together.

What’s a father to do?