“What in Hell does that mean, ‘should’ have died?” I demanded, staring at the number written on the scroll in divinely-luminous ink.

The angel holding the parchment roll sighed, shaking his? her? head in a glory of radiant locks. “Heaven. What in Heaven does that mean. Please show some gratitude for the grace you have been afforded.”

I looked away, chagrined. “Yeah. Sorry. But still, I don’t understand.”

“Fate is a...complicated thing. For example, all humans were originally intended for the Hell you so casually use an epithet. The original Creator of your particular universe just didn’t like your kind very much.”

“Yeah,” another angel cut in, with a disgusted crinkling of divinely beautiful features. “That guy’s an asshole.”

I frowned, trying to keep the tumult of my thoughts from dissolving into complete chaos. “So...the Gnostics were partially right? The physical world is an evil place created by an evil God?”

“Again, more complicated than that,” the first angel said. “But that’s substantially correct. And He really, REALLY doesn’t like being called ‘evil.’ Which is something you implied in your theological research a great many times. Also sometimes in conversation and in jest. The formula is pretty involved, but that’s how you ended up with so many Divinely ordained deaths.”

“But...I didn’t die.” I turned to look at James, who seemed seriously out of his depth. He’d always been proud of my academic pursuits, but they were never really his thing. Not enough adrenaline involved. “And who’d *he* piss off? I mean, three thousand and change still isn’t nothing, right?”

“Oh,” the second angel said, almost dismissively. “Physics, basically. He was just careless. The newborn God of Extreme Sports took a shine to him.” James just shrugged and smiled the handsome, careless smile I’d both envied and loved most of our lives.

I glanced back and forth between the two angels. “Newborn gods? How does that happen?”

The first answered. “Well, you of all people know how involved theology can be, but deities are more or less born of ideas, and their strength waxes and wanes with the hold these concepts and value systems have on mortal minds.”

“So which one was protecting me?”

The second angel laughed, a rich cascading sound that sent joyous shivers down my metaphysical spine. “Oh, you had a whole squabbling family on your side. Never underestimate the Academic Pantheon.”

&#x200B;

r/Magleby