Nobody has a problem with taking the ones who remember. The people who perfectly recall what happened the last time around. The ones who know full well the hell that's coming for them and that they absolutely deserve it. 

But what about when the mark remembers absolutely nothing? Whether the person of interest had gone through multiple reincarnations or whether the system had just bungled, sometimes you'd find yourself stuck with a little boy or girl or even a dog or a cat that's howling and screaming as you drag them away with no clue who you are or what you're here for.

Nobody ever took those jobs by choice. Sure, total amnesiacs were brought in every day, but the Searchers going after them didn't know that. But when a notice was put and the notice at the bottom said " The ones after justice find themselves losing their nerve when faced with the prospect of ruining a completely innocent person's life on account of somebody they don't remember. The ones after the thrill of the hunt always walked away unsatisfied; what fun was there in a simple track and jack? 

I'm one of the few Searchers that specializes in dealing with cases of reincarnative amnesia. It's a lucrative field, if only for the lack of competition. And that's why I do it; not for justice, glory, or as an exercise in sadism, but because it lines my pockets. It's the only thing I'm good at really. Never made it anywhere else, might as well make it here.

Strangest case I ever had to deal with was a suicide cult leader who had reincarnated into a duck of all things. Spent ten days in the ass end of nowhere dropping birds left and right and fending off the wolves before I finally found him. Thousands of dollars of ammo and several hundred hours of my precious time wasted, all for some dumb waterfowl. I didn't even know I'd gotten my man and was prepared to write this off as a lost but my Soul Scanner pointed out one random duck in the mountain of fresh meat that turned out to by the guy. The talk with Fishing and Wildlife after was on a whole 'nother level.

Thank the maker this time around was simpler. My targets were several former gangsters deeply involved in the human trafficking scene. Each put a bead in their heads to escape the law and for whatever reason, they were more successful than most. All of them had accrued Soul Scars that made them extremely hard to track and probably wiped all of their past self memories as well. Two of them had also died as infants and were reincarnated again, making things even worse. But they had been found. The universe had a strange way of ensuring it. Call it karma if you will. 

Was it also karma that all of my marks went to the same daycare at the same time? And not one of them over six. Easiest job of my career. The daycare owners had been a tad uncooperative but liberal use of tear gas and a few dozen bullets to the legs had taken care of that problem. If they wanted to sue, they could do so while rotting in a holding cell for obstruction of justice.

Speaking of holding cells, I think I need to replace the lock on one of mine. This one girl keeps shaking it loose, too loose. The rest of them, however, have not resisted one bit. They've just been huddling against the bars crying and calling for their mothers. Probably had something to do with the broken arms and legs; why didn't I shatter that girl's femur again? No indication that they remembered anything, but the Scanner never lies. They were the Tabaco City Traffickers in the flesh, and what a cruel twist of fate they got. Hopefully no other problems would be answered before I got back to the District HQ. The sooner I traded these problem children for my paycheck, the better.