Its not every day you can walk away from The Business. The Family doesn't let you go easy, and for Tony, it wasn't easy. That was all behind him now. With a stash of dirty money, no education or skills of his own, it didn't get any easier for Tony with life on the right side of the law. 

One thing Tony really wanted, but his work could never afford, was a family of his own. His girl had been a victim in a long running gang war, his revenge is what brought Tony to The Family. 

Tony had had his brushes with the Law, a Detective, Anders, had been chasing him since '15. Tony had fixed a squeaky wheel, a rat in the family, and it had wound up on Anders desk. That man was born in a uniform, he wouldn't let a loose end go. 

The nap-time lights brought Tony back to task. Kids were starting to stir, ready for their second round of play time. After ushering most of the kids out, Tony noticed Ricky not wanting to head out with the other kids. He took his time getting up, Tony thought about letting him sleep longer. He looked like he could use it. His eyes were always a little red, a little heavy. A kids eyes shouldn't look like that. 

"Hey little Rick, you okay there buddy?"

Ricky yawned. A smile broadened his face. He nodded once. 

That smile was what this was all about. 

"Alright, let get you outside." Tony tussled Ricky's sandy hair and let him out. Tony picked up a discarded Teddy bear, with one hand he threw it into the open Toy box in the corner, landing with a reassuring thud. 

At the end of the day all the kids went home, their mums picking them up one by one. It was nice to see them, and they appreciated Tony's work. The kids were happy, tired, and better behaved after time with Tony. Ricky was the last one left, his mum, Sarah, worked as a cleaner, but she always tried to pick up Rick on time. Tony had time for a parent like that. It was a shame when Tony saw her with a black eye, she cared about her boy, but her man didn't care about her. Tony's fist clenched, he knew how to deal with men like that, but some boys need their father, and it wasn't his place to make these calls any more. 

Tony's phone rang, "Hi Tony it's Sarah, Ricky's mom, I'm sorry I'm late, my car broke down, but his dad is on the way."

The dad. "That's okay Mrs. Thompson, Ricky's safe with me. Let me know if I can help in any way." Tony meant that. 

Ricky sat at Tony's side, and they played eye spy. 

"I spy with my little eye, something beginning with P!" Ricky said. 

"Mmm," Tony feigned, "now what could that be? Is it pavement?"

"No."

"Ummm.... pencils?"

"No."

"Pens"

"No."

Then Tony saw it. 

"Police car."

"Yes!"

Tony heart jumped to his throat. What were they doing here. How had they found out. His hands started to shake. There was a .45 under the counter, and a 12guage in the storage closet. His bugout bag was in the back office, with $12,000 cash, and the keys to his camaro with a full tank of gas and a storage shed 45 minutes away, not in his name. The scenario started to play in his head. He fingered the .22 in his waistband. Still there. 

The police officer opened the door, he was plain clothed, with a badge on the belt. 

"Tony's daycare," He started, his eyes meeting Tony's, "that must make you Tony."

"It must..." Tony started, his fingers twitching.

"I'm Rickys dad," said the officer. 

"Oh. Ofcourse." Tony looked the man up and down, not just between the eyes. He was the image of the American LEO, 6"3', a strong jaw and short hair. But his knuckles were red. His badge said '*ANDERS*'

Tony's eyes widened, and Ricky held his arm tightly. 

"Anders?"

"Detective Anders," Anders replied, his intonation betrayed that the mans deduction had taken him off guard. He stood for a second eyeing Tony more closely. The was something there.

"Ricky Thomas' dad?" 

"He has his mothers last name."

"Hmm... You wouldn't mind if I just called would you?"

Anders did mind. He jaw clenched, as well as a his knuckles. "Of course" he managed. 

Tony confirmed with Ms Thomas that this was indeed the one, and with that Tony made Ricky go, much to his trepidation. Tony watched Ricky get into the backseat of the cruiser, and spotted Anders staring at him more closely once again. He pulled his crown vic out slowly, and rolled down the quiet block.  
