The closer and closer I got to the unfamiliar figure, the more I wanted to turn and leave. I couldn't leave though, I'm dead now, maybe it's part of a cruel punishment not letting me turn around. 

When I first took the big yellow bus to the sky, the tour guide on the bus mentioned how if we wanted to get to Heaven, we had to confront the person we hurt the most. On the bus, some of the passengers visibly paled, and asked if they could go to Hell instead. Fortunately, I figured that the person I hurt the most couldn't be *that* hard to confront, so I chose to continue the route to Heaven. 

I figured that the person I hurt the most might be Nick, Marie, Mom, or maybe Aunt Stella. But the closer and closer I got to the unfamiliar figure, the more and more confused I got because I couldn't tell who it was. 

"Okay, let me put this out here, I don't know who you are, because the way you look, I would've never hurt you," I raised my hands up in feign surrender, hoping whoever it was take pity on me. 

The unfamiliar figure is dressed in a Gothic Lolita style, her light blonde-brown hair with black roots growing in in two big pigtails on both sides of her head, her bright blue eyes rimmed in black eyeliner were piercing at me, and her red-painted lips curved in an unsatisfied smile. Whoever this was, I would've never messed with her. She's beautiful, cunning, and she's perfect. I hate to admit this, but she is everything I aspired to be. 

"I wish I were you," the words left my mouth before I could control it.

"Have you taken a look in the mirror lately?" she asked, and waved her hand, and every surface around us became a mirror. She walked towards me, her high heels clacking on the floor. 

Looking in the mirror, I saw her reflection. I saw me. 

"Alina?" Other Alina tried to get my attention. "You were always too nice for your own good. You were always vulnerable to the assholes in the world, because you always forgave them. Instead of hurting others, you were the one that always got hurt. When they choose to leave you, you always blamed yourself. Instead of hurting others, you ended up hurting yourself the most."

"I'm sorry," I whispered. "Can you forgive me?" 

"Alina, it's okay, I love you. We have an eternity to work on this," Other Alina comforted me, and held my hand, beginning to guide me to the door in the corner. "Come on, Alina, Mom and Aunt Stella is expecting us there for dinner."

-
~~This is my first time here. Maybe I can do the writing thing right?~~