As I walked down the stairs I felt her presence behind me. She followed me quietly, a listless drifting that mirrored my own. No more did she wave and shout my name, or attempt to stir the papers on my desk with a breeze where there was rightly none. This silent, resigned haunting was so much worse. As I prepared my morning coffee, I did my best to keep her from my line of sight. Beans. Grinder. Water. Filters. Sarah. My eyes lingered for a moment. I knew to look too long invited danger, but her attention was away from me. She stared at the sink full of two weeks worth of dirty mugs, at the counter covered in stains and gritty with spilled grounds, and at a two-day-old pizza box, the only sign of food. On this day she wore her face from before the accident. In her unmarred features I could read clearly the sadness I had numbed myself to. I tamped down the guilt that welled up anew on seeing it across her delicate features, worse than any burn for one key difference: the sadness was my fault. But sadness was not alone on her face. As she surveyed the sad state of our kitchen, the slightest squint emerged, bringing a crease to her brow and just a hint of crows feet. An annoyed concern. It reminded me of all the times she’d kept me steady in my life. Whenever I would start to slip down to a dark place, she would be there to pull me right back out of it. As we grew together she learned to steady me before I even slipped. 

For the moment, my love for Sarah outweighed the clamor of my childhood fears. As she looked up from the counter at me I met the gaze of her deep brown eyes, if only for a moment. A stolen glance across worlds. I hoped no one was keeping stock. I turned away, filled with resolve, and marched to my desk, feeling Sarah’s presence close behind. Only Sarah. Good.

As my computer powered up, I moved some clutter from my keyboard. Bills, unopened letters of condolences, letters from lawyers hoping to represent Sarah’s case. I sensed a hopefulness and anticipation behind me as the computer whirred to life. I would not let these feelings peter out into disappointment. Not this time. I intended to tell Sarah the truth, one way or another.

I stared for a while at the blinking cursor on the blank document for what seemed like an eternity before beginning to type:

“I’ve seen ghosts since I was a child. Most benign, many not. As soon as I acknowledge one, we become linked and they can find me wherever I am. When I was twelve, I found the worst of them: a trio dressed in rags and bone. I didn’t understand the language they spoke, but I didn’t need to. They wanted to devour me, spirit and flesh. I had to learn to sever myself from the spirit world, to place myself on the outside looking in. It was one clean cut, and it almost killed me. I’m terrified of what will happen if I touch the spirit world again. I let that fear control me, and you suffered for it. I’m sorry. I love you. I miss you.”

I hesitated a moment before typing the final word: “Sarah.”

Upon typing her name, I felt a rush of cold dread. I had broken the rules. I was back in. I found myself a child again, hiding under my bed. The clatter of bones and the gnashing of teeth, shadows of great claws and antlers, a hot breath on my neck, heavy with the stench of blood. They were coming for me! I needed to run!

I spun around in my chair and made to leap to my feet ... and there was Sarah. A grin on her face and tears streaming down her cheeks, her entire body emitting a soft glow. The dread melted away from me, the approaching darkness faltered.

“John, you big idiot,” she teased, holding out her hand, “I’ll protect you.”