"Yes but I don't understand why it's a butter knife of all things." I said, gingerly holding up the ordinary dull piece of cutlery. "I mean, couldn't I get a cool sword or something? Become one of those knights from Arthurian Legend or whatever?"

"Hold your tongue boy, you hold only a mere fraction of the steel from the greatest sword of them all, Excalibur." 

"No, see, I understand that part. It's just, this is a butter knife. And if it really were magical wouldn't it be... Er, magicking?" I said, now idly spinning it through my hand. I'd received the knife in an antique cutlery set my father had. 

"The power of the steel may only be used by one that's worthy. Some would convince you that only the royal can use the blade, but that was a lie made up to keep its power in the hands of the wealthy. Now that the bloodline is dead, anyone it deems worthy could easily use that knife to slay an army, boy..." 

"Yeah, okay, so I'm going to play devil's advocate he- AGH!" My statement was cut off as an unusually sharp bit of the knife nicked my index finger. The strange thing was, as soon as the pain briefly sparked, it vanished, and the blood on the knife began to thin, almost like it was seeping into the dull grey piece of metal, and it began to glow warmly. 

"Now this is interesting... It would seem that the sword has in fact chosen you."

"What do you mean chosen? I just got this knife by chance! This is insane!" I was beyond shocked and would have liked to think this was all a bizarre dream, but the glowing knife in front of me seemed to disagree. Already the yellow light emitting from the blade was solidifying and elongating, quickly forming the spectral ghostly image of a regal sword, while around the hand I grasped the knife, the form of a gauntlet materialized, this one solid and real, unlike the light construct I held. 

"The sword may go without a wielder for as long as fate decrees, yes... But it will never go without a sheath once one has been chosen. Take the sword in your other hand and slice it through the air."

I'd officially gone crazy. This was it. Yep. With my free hand, I tentatively grasped the hilt made of light, only to find that it felt solid and heavy, not unlike what I'd imagine a real sword would feel like. "Well... Here goes nothing I guess." I said, and with that I raised the sword above my head, held in both hands and surprised at how easily I'd lifted it, my pulse beginning to rise. A sort of magical hum had begun to spread throughout my body. This felt right. With a yell I brought the sword down to my waist line in one solid swing, and from the sword a wave of thin yellow energy shot out, slicing through my wooden table ten feet away before dissipating. As soon as the table hit the floor with a resounding thump, I felt exhausted. The yellow glow had vanished, and the knife in my hand became just a knife again. The gauntlet, to my surprise, stayed, and I fell to the floor. Things had changed. 