At first there was darkness. I stood in the cold nothingness. I thought "is this what the end is like?" Suddenly there was a light in the distance, illuminating a staircase. At the top of the stairs was a man in a suit.

"Hello Levi. Welcome to the end. Now, if you'll follow me we can get started."

Apprehensively I made my way up the stairs and followed the man. I was led into a small, blank room with an old television in it. It also only had one uncomfortable looking chair.

"Have a seat. Do you know where you are?" asked the suited figure.

"Well I'm definitely not at home. My couch is way more comfortable than this chair."

"Sorry, our budget for chairs got cut, so we had to make due with what we could afford, which was dumpster chairs. You're in Hell, kid."

"You're a pretty funny guy, you know that. Hell doesn't exist. That's all a bullshit fairy tail that people use to manipulate weaker people."

"Well you're in the fairy tail now, and I'm the boogey man. Satan at your service."

I was at least a little pleased that The Dark Lord wasn't a towering demon ripping my soul out and devouring it. He seemed like a pretty regular guy, which made me feel a little comfortable, given the situation, and the crappy chair.

"So here's how this plays out" Satan said tiredly "this old TV is gonna play you back your whole life. Give that you're only 30 there's not as much as most people have. At the end of the film I'm going to ask you some questions. This will basically determine how long you'll be staying here in Hotel Hell, got it?"

"Yeah, I get the drift. So, Since I'm watching a movie do I get to have some popcorn?"

"Trust me kid, this isn't a movie you'll be leisurely enjoying. This is Hell after all."

"No popcorn. That's a bummer. Well, let's get this started."

Satan turned on the TV. It popped and snapped as it whirred to life. He wasn't kidding, this TV was old as hell. Eventually, a black-and-white picture appeared. It was my mom, holding a little baby me. 

"Alright kid, good luck. I'll be back when its done."

The movie started playing. I heard my mom talking about how excited she was to have her first-born, of all the dreams she had for me. I always loved my mom, and I definitely missed her now. As I listened to her talk about me I couldn't help but think about how hard it must be for her now. How horrible it must feel to lose her son in his prime. 

The movie kept playing. Other people delivered their commentaries and confessionals. Most were good, however others were bad. I knew I had hurt some people in my life, and I'd always felt bad about it. Girlfriends came and talked about how funny they thought I was, but how they could only ever see me as a friend. That sucked a lot. Mostly because they lead me on and wasted the brief amount of time I had. 

Eventually the movie moved forward to my college years. Friends spoke of how fun I was to be around. I never really thought of myself as the life of a party, but apparently that's how others thought of me. Well, mostly. The end of college was when it started to take a turn. People who were friends began to speak like enemies. They spoke of their frustrations, how pathetic they thought I was. I knew this part of the movie wasn't going to be fun. I'd burned more bridges during college than I thought i ever could. Hearing people who were my friends change from happiness to hatred was brutal. I sat in my hard chair with my head in my hands.

I sat like this for most of the rest of the film. Scenes passed by one by one. People gave their commentaries. I blocked most of it out because I was in my head. How could I have been so shitty to people that I'd cared about? Friends, Family, random passersby. All of them had something horrible to say at one point or another. I wracked my mind thinking about how i could do something so horrible. The thoughts poured over me like a waterfall. They continued to flow as the movie continued to play.

My mind was racing thinking of how I could undo everything I'd done. I stared at the floor as my brain was bombarded by the noise. Then, I heard a different voice from the TV. It was a quiet, almost mousey, but cute voice. I looked up to see the most beautiful girl I'd ever met. Rachel. 

"Levi was amazing. I knew from the moment that I met him that I'd love him. He loved to make me laugh with his jokes and stories. I loved to hear them, which made him happy. Making him happy made me happy. It was almost like a fairy tail. We hit it off so well that I couldn't believe it was real."

Hearing those words from Rachel seemed to renew me. I sat eagerly at the edge of my seat to hear what she had to say. I watched as our relationship zoomed by. In a matter of minutes I was at the end of my time with Rachel. I didn't want to see how that ended. My eyes sank down to the floor. Rachel continued her testimonial.

"I really did love Levi, even after such a short time. It was almost scary how much I loved him, which is why I had to end it." I was listening intently, but I couldn't look at the screen.

"Even though I cared for him very much I couldn't help myself. One night I ended up having some relations with a guy I went to the gym with. It tore me up inside as I thought of how horrible I would hurt him. I mean, here was this incredible guy bearing his heart out to me, and I threw it on the ground for a fling with a stud I didn't even really care about. I spent the next few days thinking of how best to deal with the situation. I decided to call Levi and break up with him. I could tell he was destroyed, and he had reason to be. I had just crushed his heart because I was fickle. He asked for some reason why I was leaving, but I couldn't really come up with a good one. I said that he reminded me of some past relationships, and I had to leave to protect myself. I told him that I wasn't comfortable anymore. I grasped at so many straws trying to push him away. Eventually he said goodbye and we were done. I felt like the worst person ever, and I still do. Levi, If you're hearing this I still love you, but I couldn't live with myself hurting you anymore."

That hit hard. Like every ounce of my ego was repeatedly hit my a truck. After all this time she cared. She left me because she didn't want to hurt me. I spent the rest of my life believing that she was a fickle bitch like most other girls I met, but she really did care. The movie continued to play, but I didn't even really care.

Eventually the film ended. The screen was static and the room was filled with the white noise as I sat in thought. Satan walked into the room.

"So kid, what did you think?"

"That was some pretty heavy stuff man."

"What did you expect? Star Wars? That's not how this works kid. Now, are you ready for the big question?"

"Lay it on me boss."

"What did you learn?"

I sat silently for a second. Is that really the big question? Seriously? After a few minutes I began my reply.

"I learned that throughout my life I had an effect on everybody that I met. Some good, Some bad, more bad than I even knew. I managed to lose control of my life at a few points and I hurt several of the people closest to me. That hit me like a kick in the teeth. That I could do something so horrible to my friends and family, because I was selfish and out of control. That was torturous."

"Ok that's pretty good. I noticed that at the part with Rachel you looked away. why was that?"

"I looked away because I couldn't watch as our relationship failed all over again. That and her commentary of what happened. She was genuinely hurt doing what she did, and I never knew it. I had to think of how selfish I was afterward. My ego kept me from talking to her ever again. In a way I ended up hurting her worse than she ever hurt me, because I couldn't let my selfish ego go. That was why I had to look away. That was the most brutal part of all of this."

"Good answer kid. Now, since were done you have a choice. Do you want a mulligan? A chance to right your wrongs?"

"Hell yes I do!"

"Good, then get outta here."

Satan pointed to the wall. As he did a large door appeared with a light on the other end. I began walking with hope in each step. The possibility of fixing everything I did wrong filled me with conviction.

"Don't let the door hit you on the way out, kid."

"I'm not a kid, I'm a man" I said as I stepped through the threshold into a bright light.

The light began to fade as faces came into focus. There were so many people around me. I looked to my mom and asked what happened and where I was.

"You're in the hospital. You crashed your car on your way home going through the canyon. Its a miracle that you managed to stay alive. Everyone was so worried that you wouldn't make it."

I looked around at the many people in my room. I was pretty surprised that anyone would be here after what I saw in that movie, but im glad to see them all again.

"Hey mom, could you hand me my phone? I need to make a call."

She handed me my phone. I dialed the number as though I never forgot it, even after 6 years. I heard a quiet, almost mousey, but cute voice on the other end.

"Hello?" the voice said.

"Hey, Rachel. Its Levi."



