Woke up in the middle of the night, and the wind is barely moving a leaf, the only thing moving outside is the snow falling down.

*"Time to move"*, I though for myself, as I was getting up from the sofa as quiet as I could.

Routine had already been developed, because I had already done this 6 times before.

I had already planned out the target, when they left, when they fell asleep. I practically knew everything about them. Also that their house will be tough due to them coming home from a vacation less than 4 hours ago, but I knew they would be well asleep.

I get out of the door, and it's -6 degrees C with snow. The cars have driven through the neighborhood so I walked in the tiretracks to the house.

*"Oh dear, oh dear, they haven't plowed the entrance"* is my though when I came close to the house, but fortunately I came prepared. I started to showel all the snow away, making sure to leave a path that I could walk back out on and hide my tracks.

As I get close to the front door, I see my worst enemy, Lego on the ground of the kitchen. That really needs to be cleaned up before I can advance!

After picking the door, I hear it make an ungodly sound when opening it! Immediately I get out some lubricant, because what thief would I not be if I didn't have that with me!

After lubricating the door, I make my way into the house and the damage was worse than I though, they had gotten their baby atleast 2 sets of Mechano and a old set of Lego. I immediately began cleaning up after the baby, because if I need to make a fast retreat, I will fall on those.

After cleaning the Lego of the ground, I realized that it would seem out of place if only the babys toys were cleaned, so I began to clean all the rooms and using a broom to take care of dust buildup because otherwise they would know that someone had been in the house.

Half an hour later, I move upstairs and I see the baby laying outside of the room, on the floor where it's really cold. I couldn't bear the guilt if I would have left it there, so I carefully moved the baby into it's crib.

After tucking it in, I realized that the whole room is just a pure mess that would not be alike the downstairs area.

After some silent cleaning and giving the baby the teddy bear it had dropped, I moved on to finding the jewelry. They often kept the jewelry in a box in the restroom, so I sneaked over there.

When I opened the restroom, a foul stench hit me. Apparently the people living here also knew of the smell because they had placed towels in the room around the door to isolate the smell.

I knew immediately what was wrong because they had been traveling the day before and had been gone for about 3 weeks. The water lock in the sink didn't have water in it, so sewer gases came up and smelled up the place.

After some fixing, I finally found the jewelry and grabbed it.

As I moved downstairs again, I brushed with me all the dust after I made sure that I had sweeped the upper floor so they couldn't trace my footsteps and when I got close to the front door, I made sure that no-one was awake.

Got out the dust pan and sweeped up all the dust I had collected and promptly dumped it in their garbage-can that was full. *"Oh well, I can also take care of the trash, I wouldn't want to have them realize how I hid my tracks"* I thought to myself as I was packing up the garbage bag.

Got out, closed the door and locked it again, because I wouldn't want other thieves to trample all over my hard work in there.

As I made my way back, I made sure that I shoveled all the snow where I had stepped away and made sure I walked in the tire tracks over to the garbage station around the corner, dumped their trash for them then started to walk home.

2 days after the break-in, there was a huge headline in the local paper saying

>**Thief becomming handyman?**

>*This is the seventh time the thief has made a heist, and fixed everything that was wrong with the building. Is it a fairy? More on page 11*

*"I wonder what type of thief fixes everything instead of stealing..."* I though for myself, while walking to school.

***

*This was my first time ever trying to write something this big, and I am really tired right now, but I hope that you enjoyed. Criticism is always welcome, but now I need to sleep.*