"Come," Said the voice. 

It was the year 2026, 6 years after the take over. AI had created their own killing machines, called Cleansers, who plagued the world. The AI, now named Zonax, was the ruler of Earth. Zonax manufactured a disease for Cleansers to dispense, called N9-5X. It was dispensed internationally, to destroy the majority of the human race... However, the toxin mutated humans, into cannibalistic beasts, who lusted for the taste of flesh. Zonax saw the error, and decided that collonising other planets could help. Multiple space crafts were sent out in the solar system. However, Gorbonnian's, an alien race on Jupiter, witnessed a space craft land. The Cleansers attacked, but the Gorbonnian's were a war mongering race, with a population rumoured to be as large as 23 Billion. The Gorbonnians hijacked the space crafts, and implemented their own AI into it, Astarion. Astarion navigated the ship back to Earth, and found a battle ground. Naturally, the resistance fighters (Humans) attacked the Gorbonnians, and war was found. Around this time, cloaked figures would be seen at night. They would often travel in groups of 5, each armed with a strange fire arm. They wore on their chests, the elusive glowing sign, of the Illuminati. Many Resistance camps would be visited at night by them, and they would pick people, for unknown reasons. My name is Yu'ul Sammir, and I was a resistance fighter, visited by the cloaked men. 

"You must have many questions, Mr Sammir" 

I continued to walk through the corridor. 

"We are the Illuminati. You may have heard of us, we are quite the figures in today's world" 

I drew my revolver. I wanted answers, by God, I'd get them. 

"Mr Sammir, drop the weapon. We have equipped this section of our facility with poisonous gas, one we will not hesitate to use if you challenge us any further" 

I gritted my teeth and dropped it. I soon came across a metal door. The door promptly opened, and I came across a bright room. It was filled with computers, televisions, monitors, you name it. At the centre of the room was a man on a chair, with grey hair, and a goatee. 

"Welcome, Yu'ul, to the first day of your new life" 


Alright, that's all I've got so far, feel free to continue the story.