Roy G. Biv.

Everyone knows those are the colors. Red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, violet. What most people don't know is that your visible light spectrum, Mr. Biv, is just one name in the run-on sentence that is *my* visible light spectrum.


You probably think you've seen infrared light. The Predator stalking Arnold Schwarzenegger, or Homer Simpson roasting in his oven. You probably think you've seen ultraviolet light. The green glow of Sam Fisher or Buffalo Bill's night vision goggles. But what you've actually seen is a representation of infrared or ultraviolet light shifted into the visible spectrum. You *can't* see infrared or ultraviolet light.


I can. It doesn't look like the movies.


Here's the thing, those visualizations replace the visible light with their manufactured image. But in actuality, those lights are *part* of the image. Roy isn't gone, he's just joined by his friends Uve and Ira. 


Anyway, it is strange. But when you've lived your whole life that way, you get used to it. You get used to the sky not being just blue, but being an ocean of radio waves. I broke my hand once. They put the lead apron over your chest when they take X-rays, but they don't put one over your head. I didn't think to close my eyes the first time. I now know exactly how disorienting a flashbang grenade is.


But the really amazing thing, the thing I wish every human could witness just once in their life, is gamma rays. Breathtaking flashes from cosmic rays hitting Earth's atmosphere. A lightning strike followed by a gamma ray aurora. Seeing gamma rays is pretty rare, and that's probably for the best, as they are extremely dangerous. But they're a sight to behold. So to speak.


Which is why it was so weird to see them streaking out of the Mona Lisa's eyes.


People had looked at the painting under UV and IR before. It's a pretty standard technique in art used to try to identify materials and authenticate the work. But of course no one had ever scanned it for gamma rays. Why would they? X-rays, too. Or radio waves. 


Even if they had, it wouldn't have mattered. Sure, it would've been a world-shattering event to discover the Mona Lisa eminating radiation. But you wouldn't have been able to see it. You *can't* see it. 


It's not until you see it all at once that you *really* see it. 


A message, I think. Even standing in front of it, I wasn't sure what it was. I said the gamma rays were shooting out of its eyes, but that was just to set the scene. The only part that wasn't in constant motion was the part reflecting off the paint, in the visible spectrum. The other parts were dipping, diving, swirling. It's hard to tell at first look if there was a pattern.


I decided to just concentrate on one part. The left eye (her left, not mine). It definitely seems like something is going on. The waxing and waning of different spectrums seems like it must be related. There's something here. There's something *important* here.


But I can't figure out what it is. You're not really allowed to just stand and stare at the Mona Lisa. It's thirty people deep on a slow day, all trying to jostle to the front, just so they can turn their back on it and take a selfie. But this is important. Someone or something did this. I need to know what it is. Pictures won't work, of course. And no one is going to just let me study it. Even if I did have the credentials, the waiting list is probably longer than my life time. 


That really leaves only one choice. I have to do it. *Have to.*


I have to steal the Mona Lisa.