“Pray for death? Why would I do that? He’s an asshole”

This was my message sent to the EZ-Comm translation module I’d installed to communicate with these tall slimy fucks. Who knows what it will  actually relay to the Korthonian ship blotting out the galaxy in my view port. 

The earth is dead, well, all life on earth is dead. I’d never imagined I’d live to the 28th century... especially considering that I was born in the dark times after we set foot on the moon but before we’d travelled beyond it. 

And now here I am stuck on the wrong side of a blockade, just another dumpy freighter pilot trying to navigate the neon gray boring reality of space travel.  I had settled in to wait on violence when the unmistakable smell overpowered me. 

“I can smell you! Stop being dramatic and trying to make an entrance!”

The door from the cargo bay rattled and finally opened, out stepped Death. It’s hard to tell what he’s thinking, skulls aren’t very expressive. 

“Excuse me for trying to bring some Gravitas to my station in existence. Every movie humans have ever made about space and spaceships has had sliding doors. I am amused that you are too poor for them.” Death did his impression of laughter that sounds like dead leaves blowing around on concrete.

“They’re stupid, and they’re heavy and they take up extra space. Why screw with a design that’s been fine for millennia?” Internally I agreed but this feud was too entrenched and petty to admit he was right about anything. 

“So what brings you to my floating palace you stinky ageless asshole? You ready to let me die?” I looked at him over the top edge of my smartpad... hope rising in my chest. 

“No, oh my no.” He pantomimed wiping tears from his cheeks as he was now apparently laughing hard enough to cry. “No Micheal I’ve come to offer one last chance for you to apologize and beg me to forgive you and admit you to Hell.”

This was too much. 

“Hey fuck you! All I did was step on your goddamn robes that were dragging the ground! You were wearing them too baggy! We all stepped on each other’s shit back then. It is not my fault that you happen to be an eldritch ageless being that was at that rave to pickup an OD!” My face was hot and red.

“This is your last chance Jonathan. The Korthonians do indeed have something worse than death, and they are coming on a shuttle to deliver you to it at this very moment.” His head tipped to the side in thought “which was your name? It’s been so long.”

I shrug, like I know? It’s been centuries. 

“Very well. I suppose an X or a thumbprint will do.” He snapped his skeletal fingers and they made a sound like twigs breaking. The oft discussed and debated formal apology appeared out of thin air. “I told you before. I’m not...” I stopped as he held up his hand. “You see I have made a concession. I will not charge you the dry cleaning fee.”

This has been a bone of contention from the very outset. My eyes narrowed as I read the addended passage. “Why are you suddenly ready to give up on the core of this disagreement?”

He slumped his shoulders in what looked like defeat. “The Powers That Be have grown tired of our battle and wish to close your account. It’s an anomaly and an aberration they can no longer ignore.” The furrow in my forehead deepened as I frowned harder in deeper puzzlement.

“The last time we chatted, you said they didn’t care. What’s changed?” Death glanced out the port at the shuttle that was slowly listing in this direction from the Korthonian ship. 

Things slid into place in my mind. 

“Oh, so they really have something that will take me somewhere that you can’t retrieve me from.” My jaw went slack. I hadn’t been surprised in a very long time. 

Death nodded and produced a quill from thin air and motioned to the apology. “The Powers That Be are not sure what will happen if we lose you from our system.” I hadn’t budged because I smelled victory... and rotting death. As I stared at him he began tenting his fingers and tapping them together as only the truly nervous do.

“Ok, one final concession. I will redirect you from Tartarus to Limbo. There we will have... a trial?” He was in a far more conciliatory mood than he had ever been. He also seemed genuinely scared, which I admit was unnerving.

I furtively scratched my mark on the document. Death nodded and the document and quill disappeared in a puff of oily black smoke. A yawning darkdoorway appeared and he motioned me to pass through it before him as we left this world for the next. 

“You do know you stepped in your own vomit that evening?” I nodded and shrugged Death shook his head “there were dog feces as well...” I chuckled “Hey man, that’s just life in the big city.”

Death looked rather indignant somehow. “Here is where I leave you. I shall be back to argue our dispute in due time.”

I looked around and shrugged. Limbo was very gray. 

“Do not assume you are free from our dispute James. I will have you know we amended our policy specifically for that dog.”

“What?”

“_All_ dogs do not go to heaven. That animal went to Hell as you still may.”


(I’ve never done this before, and I’m on my phone. Be uh... not terrible?)