It was Anders who saw it - the anomalous sore thumb - through the pure blue glacial ice. We came when he called.

It was clearly a man made structure, something made of metal. I wrapped my hand tightly around my ice axe and swung towards the ground, flakes flying up and glistening in the sun. Anders and Murad joined in, Gerard just watched.

"Is it a door?" he managed.

It wasn't a door; It was a hatch. About 60cm2 - an unrusted steel construction, rivets securing machined plates that made up it's form. A simple handle sat the base of the hatch. 

"This has got to be military." said Murad.

"Which one? There's 29 countries laying some kind of claim."

"I think we need to get the gieger counter and che..." Murad didn't have time to finish before Anders reached down grabbed the handle and arced it to the left with relative ease. The sound of seals breaking and gases escaping rang out.

Hinging open, the hatch revealed a concrete tubular passage leading down vertically, with metal ladder rungs spaced evenly moving downwards.

"We can't go down there. We have no idea what this is!" Gerard let out. "We're scientists, not explorers. What if it's keeping something in!"

I think he already knew no one would listen. I started descending, claustrophobia setting in a little. The sound of someone climbing down above me reached my ears, and I had a feeling it was Anders. It took more than four full minutes to reach the bottom. Without equipment I couldn't know for sure, but I guessed it had to be at least 120m.

The bottom opened up into a small chamber; A 3x3x3m concrete room with a full metal door, with a glass window inset. I was squinting because my eyes were still adjusting from the disarming light from the 24 hour sun Antarctica receives in mid winter.

"Jesus!"

I jumped back, adrenaline being dumped into my bloodstream.

"There's a face Anders! In the window" I quivered, legs shaking.

He walked towards the door almost calmly and looked the face in the eyes. I saw his hands reaching for the handle - the same kind as on the hatch above.

"Wait!" All my courage from the top had left me, and the andrenaline had me on pure fight or flight response.

Click. The door swung open, creaking slightly. Inside I could see at least 3 people standing in dimly lit space, more open than the one I was in now. I couldn't make out their faces, but they were wearing thick material robes of a kind. I felt something was off in their proportions. One of them - a man - stepped forward holding black and gold box with rounded edges. He started to speak in language I'd never heard before, but I had a strange sensation in my mind that I could understand.

"Is the ice age over?"

It rang in my mind, the juxtaposition of the unfamiliar sounds coming from his mouth and the feeling of understanding, like I had been fed subtitles directly into my brain. It was then that I realised the message wasn't meant for me. Anders calmly walked towards the man and placed his hand on his shoulder, bowing his head. The man reciprocated the gesture. Anders reached down and touched the box in the mans hands, and began speaking in the same language. This time I understood nothing.

After a short time, the others in the room joined the conversation. Eventually they turned to me, and I saw Anders eyes meet mine. Before those eyes had shown the compassion of a colleague and friend of almost a decade, but now were full of distance and hostility. A woman, one who had joined the conversation, said something in a way I interpreted as scared, and Anders nodded.

My adrenal glands were empty now, my body shaking. I couldn't move or say anything. As she walked forward I saw the metal pipe in her hand just before she raised it up and brought it down on me.

Black and nothing. Haze. Throbbing pain, red in my eyes.

I picked myself up. No one was around anymore. I tried to move towards the ladder, but I fell three times before I managed to grab a rung. Lifting my head, I saw Anders almost halfway up, climbing - presumably with the rest ahead of him. Biting hard to try and stay the pain, I began climbing the rungs, slowly, as fast as I was able. Finally I saw Anders climb through the hatch, and the screams of Murad made it to my ears. Gerard was pleading. I pushed harder, but I didn't feel in control of my body.

Anders face appeared looking down through the hatch.

"What are you doing?!" I pushed the words out as loud as I could.

He just stared back, emotionless and blank. The light started to disappear as he closed the hatches lid.

"No! You were at my wedding" I was crying then.

The hatch slammed closed and I heard the seal reengage. Pitch black loomed, my eyes blinking as though that act could somehow illuminate the room. I continued to climb the ladder, my hands and feet finding each step through trial and error. When I felt the hatch from underneath my heart sank. No handle. I banged my fist against it.

"Help!"

No one ever came.