“Come, Steed,” The King said. 

I trotted up to his side, the ground crunching beneath my paws.  The cool air of late autumn had turned the fallen leaves brittle. 

I looked up at my King. “Where are we going?”

He didn’t answer.  Instead he nodded at the vast mountains in the distance. “What do you see?”

I scanned the horizon. Gray fog fell heavy from the slopes of the gray mountain and landed softly on the gray grass below.  “Nothing, my King.”

But then - a scent. A breeze moved through the valley and carried on its back the smell of something in the distance.  I raised my snout to the air and took it in. “Wait,” I told him. “There’s something ahead.”  

The King drew forth from his satchel the safety rope. He tied it around my neck and grasped the end firmly. On countless runs across the valley and in the forest, through the nearby village and over the sandy beaches down the shore I’ve guided The King to safety.  Once again we started off toward the unknown. 

I stumbled on the cold ground. Age was catching up to me, but that was no excuse for a Knight to forsake his duties to the King. I ignored the pain in my hips, embarrassed by the missteps, and pushed forward.  Something lurked in the distance. 

After walking a quarter league I heard it. I pivoted to my left toward a distant hedgerow where I saw the disgusting monsters from the Squi Rel tribe. The King and his children had often been fooled by their diminutive stature, but I knew them better.  Years of constant encroachment and threats against our people should not be endured by those as kind and gentle as the dear King. 

In the distance I saw the motion of their furry tails - a clever distraction for humans and knights less practiced than I. The King kneeled next to me. 

“What do you see, Steed?” he asked. He hadn’t spotted them yet. The King wasn’t fond of violence, even when it was necessary to protect him and the princesses.  He’d held me back from my attempts to end the Squi Rel invasion into our lands too many times. 

Not this time. I sat back and licked his face.  He moved to stroke my fur and his grip on the rope loosened.  *Fly*, I thought. I took off toward the hedgerow.  Behind me The King tried to call me off. *Not now, old friend.* You’ll thank me some day. 

As I cleared the last mound of grass before the hedges I saw the monsters clearly, gnashing with their hideous fangs at some fallen acorns.  The Squi Rel were vicious opportunists, but cowered when challenged, often seeking refuge in the trees. I chose my target - the scrawny one. If the others fled I wanted the message to be clear.  *Leave our lands. Even your weak will find no mercy here.*  

My stride was flawless, the excitement of the hunt curing whatever ailments age had laid upon my failing legs. The monsters dropped their food and stood tall.  

“Posture all you want creatures, I know your true nature!” I barked. And then I was upon them. 

I lowered my head and bashed the scrawny monster hard. He stumbled backwards while it’s friends scattered. I kept the pressure on. Coming upon it again I brought my claw across his face. The monster let out a sickening shriek and bolted. I gave chase.  The creature was fast.  I kept after him when suddenly my rope was caught by some evil magic. I struggled against it as an enchanted tree branch grabbed hold of it. The scrawny monster disappeared into the hedges. I needed to pick a slower one.

I turned and dashed forward, gripping the rope in my teeth and freeing it from the enchanted tree. I picked a new target - *the fat one*.  In the distance I saw The King making his way toward us, trying frantically to wave me off my attack. This has to end before he reached us. 

The fat monster cut across the field over a small stream. As I splashed through he tried to double back past me. I slashed at him and caught his leg. He tripped, rolling over. I came about and lined up.  I followed the monsters gaze to a nearby tree. He was trying to escape. 

In past battles I’d let my pride get the better of me, insisting on a straight charge. Not this time.  I took off on an intercept angle toward the tree, feeling the burn in my hind legs.  Just a little more. I waited until I saw the monster bring its shoulders down, preparing a jump. I leapt in the air and opened my jaw. I made contact and closed hard. 

I heard the satisfying crunch. The creature screeched and struggled as much as it could in my mouth. I shook it vigorously. More crunching.  Then all was silent and still. Ahead of me I saw the remaining creature look on, its eyes focused and squinting in defiance. He turned and ran. Yes, I thought, tell your friends. 

I heard the ground crunch behind me. I turned to see The King, mouth agape in awe of my battle prowess. I carried the corpse of our vanquished foe to him and laid it at his feet.  He stepped back and said a prayer to his God. 

“Oh, God, what the fuck?” He called out. 

*What the fuck*, indeed?  Why has they violated our sovereignty again?  The Squi Rel were not the diplomatic sort, so we would never know. But at least now they knew the strength of our resolve. 

The King refused the trophy corpse I had offered him, as was his way.  He’s refused the trophy feathers I’d ripped from corpses of the flying monsters that dropped their poison on his coach and the many treasures I’d dug up from the field behind the castle. 

He was a strong and quiet King, but too proud to accept gifts from his pledged protector. I only hoped he knew from the act of offering the depths of my affection and gratitude for the life of purpose I found me when he chose to save me those many years ago. 

“Come on, Steed. Let’s go home and get you cleaned up.”

*Yes, my King. *

