I just recently joined the quick reaction force for our settlement. A few of us were granted a gift that no one could explain but a miracle. Jacob (The Leader), James, Scott, and myself utilized stealth and tactics in order to change the undead back to the living. It was a strange and unusual way for a cure, but the local doc thinks that it was something to do with our saliva, possibly something in our DNA that allowed us to begin saving the world. Though, we weren't immune to them, they had lost Richard last week to a group that had torn him a part, and I was the replacement. They barely escaped by the skin of their teeth. 

The infection had mostly been wiped out in our little town, only a few stragglers left and we were nearing the end of this nightmare in our town. Unfortunately capturing our spit and firing syringes filled with it did nothing, I guess it needed to be fresh so we had to get up close and personal. This infection was just like it was out of that movie, 28 Days Later. They moved insanely fast, but could utilize weapons like guns and blunt or sharp objects. And intelligent too, the Zeds used tactics and movements that were 100% human. Luckily one of our guys, Frank, was an expert in CQC pre-Z-Day and taught us everything we needed to survive against them.

The job was simple, infiltrate a small group of them in the north end of the city, turn as many as we could, and escort them back. The way was pretty much clear seeing we had already went through and swept the streets. Easy enough, right?

Wrong.

The four of us departed at around 0330 hours, dressed in tough sun dried leather with tire rubber wrapped around our forearms and legs. Even the biters couldn't get through something as thick and tough as that. We each went by nicknames, I was Firestone. 

"Do we have a full count of how many there are?" I asked, trying to add my restraint to my jaw. "6, maybe 8." Jacob, Michelin, had replied. "What about arms, any weaponry to look out for?" James, Bridgestone, inquired strapping down his rubber wrist guard. "None seen in the last couple of days. They're children though so be on the look out for fast-movers."  "What about intelligent, do you think they'll be waiting for us?" Scott, Goodyear, questioned. "They'll obviously be led by someone, possibly two of them. Find the shot caller, take them out, and the rest should be easy pickings."

We finished suiting up, exited a hotel we were using as a stronghold, and headed out for the northern edge of town. It was still dark out but we could still see. I guess you could chalk it up to the immunity. We ran into a few stragglers along the way, taking them out with ease. The first phase of the changing process was an excruciating pain that would shoot throughout their body, making the target groan loudly in pain. In the beginning, it was much more difficult to work as their screams would attract more and more of them. Most of them with firearms. We started clearing the field of weapons early on and then stockpiling them so no one could get to them. Most of the city didn't have weapons because of us. But any survivor who needed somewhere to stay was equipped and trained to fight. 

The second phase resulted in uncontrollable seizures and foaming at the mouth, like how rabies takes over the mind. Finally, the third phase was recovery, they awaken and stand, and we take them back to the stronghold for rehabilitation. It took us about an hour to get to the north side of town, and we started to make our moves. In a small alleyway, six children were sitting around a dimly lit lantern. They were probably trying to save the oil for colder nights when their bodies would start to freeze and shut down. We were trying to stalk and stealth our way around to hear what they were saying. We finally picked out the leader, and began to make our moves. 

Bridgestone and I would take two of the exits along the north and south side of the alleyway, ensuring we bottleneck them in the alleyway. Michelin would take one of the fire exits and cover that way so they couldn't escape. Finally, Goodyear was the stealthiest out of all of us, and he would try to sneak up on the leader when they least expected it and change them back first.

The leader was talking but we couldn't understand what they were saying. It was completely alien to us. A series of grunts and groans only making out a few words they were saying. Hungry, achy, and infection. The leader stood up and walked over to one of the nearby dumpsters where she was going to relieve herself, and that's when Goodyear struck. 

She let out a blood curdling scream as he sunk his teeth into her arm, alerting the others. One of the kids ran over to investigate and within moments, she was already seizing. The kid pulled out a glock and killed her, turning the gun towards Goodyear as he struck his new target. The other four kids stood and began to run for the alleyways. One of them was taken town by Bridgestone, I sprinted in from behind and tackled another one, biting into his neck. Black, almost oil-like, blood erupted from his neck. The last two kids made a break for the fire exit, but Michelin dropped down from the top of the fire escape and successfully grappled one of them, biting into their shin. The last one, a girl with long brown hair backed up towards the lantern and dropped to her knees crying. 

Crying? A zed crying? I had never seen this before. Bridgestone, Michelin, and Goodyear circled her like a pack of wolves to a wounded deer. I looked down at my hands, they were covered in the blood of these zeds. For a moment it felt like everything had stopped and I could hear the girl clear as day. "I don't want to come back as one of you. Please..." At that moment, the team attacked, eating her alive. I stood shocked, in disbelief. Are... Are we the zeds?!

First time writer. Let me know how I did!