"Counselor Jaxa! The Drani research vessel is reporting unbelievable reading. Initial data seems to indicate a planet with nearly 9 billion of a single species on it!"

"You're telling me that a system so far away is home to that many life forms? How many exactly?"

"Not a system sir, a single planet. And... we can't seem to get an exact reading. Could be the atmosphere. It's a high oxygen nitrogen mix."

"Send the vessel down for a closer look, I want an exact count in a day." 

*some time later. A large chamber with representatives from all known intelligence* 

"How dare one planet decide who lives or dies!" One Counselor shouted. Waving its six arms in anger.

"They claim they didn't know, and I for one believe them, they *are* from that backwater solar system." A tall blue serpentine Counselor spoke up.

"We have records indicating that the system was informed two galactic years ago." Counselor Jaxa spoke up. He was furious, for his grandfather had died days ago, likely thanks to the breeding scum. He eyed the one in thea middle of the room with distaste. 

It shuffled its bipedal feet on the ground, darting its eyes towards different Counselors. It saw one who's internal organs were visible, and the creature, who called itself Man, turned a interesting sjade of green and red.

It looked at the serpentine Counselor again, hoping for more reassurance, but not came. It made a funny little growl, and then spoke up. "How long exactly is a galactic year?" 

One of the aids pulled out his time converter, and said "one galactic year consists of the galaxy making one full rotation around the singularity point. By my calculations about 250 million of your years."

The Man turned a very pale white this time. "You said... tw..wo galactic years ago? That was 500 million years years ago!" 

"And? I see no problem with this." Jaxa responded his large pale eyes bearing into this Man.

"My species has only been around for 200 thousand years." 

"This matters not. All life is in the balance! Reports say that you have 8.7 million *breeding* species! On one planet!" Jaxa shouted at the puny little thing.

There were outraged cries and many suggesting the planet be destroyed for the fairness of the universe as a whole. Few weakly protested but their voices were over shadowed by those who had lost loved ones to creatures who were incapable of selectively breeding.



r/LandOfMisfits 