Silence had filled the room for quite a bit of time before the only attending scientist finally looked up from his laptop screen towards the much bigger screen on the wall. That was where the transcript of the neutral voice assigned to the massive machine that had recently achieved sentience should have appeared by then. The big screen on the wall acted as a conduit for the communication between the newborn AI and that daring team of pioneers; computer scientists, mathematicians, engineers, linguists and physicists, that had managed the impossible. The creation of a sentient computer out of the complex interaction among the tiniest particles in existence, the Quanta. They had named it, quite uninspiredly as expected, "Qua.Com".

'Of course' had thought John with a resigned whimper, 'what else could you expect from those walking calculators that made it'.

He had attempted to argue with the rest of the team about it but they thought it to be too trivial an issue to warrant their precious time.

'Trivial?!' he thought again as he recalled the team's indignant reaction. 'How could the naming of the single, most groundbraking thing mankind has ever made, ever be trivial?' he said to himself in the empty room, as anger flared up inside him once more. He had finally decided to work out an unofficial name for the thing himself, behind the other's backs, but he still hadn't been able to find the right one. He spent many long, sleepless nights, researching ancient texts of forgotten mythologies and civilisations, trying to maybe find an obscure ancient deity that would act as a decent approximation of the qualities and the sheer impossibility of the creature it was to be bestowed upon. A thing utterly new, something that no past culture in the long aeons of humanity's existence could have ever even begun to grasp. A creature that could very well justify for its creators to liken themselves to the very gods they believed had made them. Such a bone-crushing burden, he could never allow himself to get it wrong. In the end, he concluded that only fate had the right to make such a daunting decision. The final answer would depend on the results of this first, and probably the last, task his colleagues would allow him to ask of that magnificent machine.

John was a linguist, specifically a neurolinguist, a field that studies the complex interactions between the brain, human language and cognition. The task he was to oversee was the deciphering and translation of the most ancient human writing known to man. A 7000 year-old metal tablet found inside a newly discovered series of ruins, revealed by the ever-shifting sands of the Gobi Desert, nestled deep in the dry, mountainous heart of Asia. A task that, to John's indescribable dismay, failed to draw even a drop of excitement out the number filled, thick heads of most of the team. Their minds too hard set on a straight immovable line to nowhere, to even consider the past as a legitimate source of knowledge. It was admittedly a hard sell and there was a serious risk that his chance to get his way would be denied after all. But in the end, it was the machine itself to persuade them in his favour. Even though it had only been a few days old, it had already managed to solve some of humanity's most challenging math and physics problems. In the first few days of its existence, it had processed the entire sum of human knowledge and only a few weeks after its activation, some members of the team had jokingly suggested that they soon might even run out of questions to ask. But John knew that that was a much sillier suggestion than that closeminded physicist might have considered. He knew very well that even the incredible vastness and unfathomable complexity of the universe could never compare to the infinite depths of the human mind. John knew, that within one single mind, one could in fact, fit a universe and more, and he even patronisingly pointed it out to the physicists of the team every chance he got, always followed by sneering and condescending smiles.

But, in truth, he couldn't care less about what they thought, at least that was what he kept telling himself. This endeavour he had finally been allowed to oversee and interpret had been the work of a lifetime after all. Even though neurolinguistics had been his main engagement he had always nurtured a deep and enthusiastic interest in ancient cultures and what archaeologists considered the pre-historic period of humanity. That was what led him to take an ever more active interest in the deciphering of ancient and forgotten scripts. Texts that might reveal who knows how many lost chapters of the human story. A task, seen as too trivial by his "hard science" colleagues to even attend, who had instead thought it as an opportunity for time off, to either rest or celebrate their success at the nearest pub.

'Bunch of fools' said John, alone, in the big empty room, with only him and the quantum machine to witness his inner spite.

But the massive computer remained silent. It had already been three whole hours since he had placed the ancient tablet inside the scanner, but still, there was not a hint of the slightest result. 'Maybe there's a problem' he thought and got up from the chair to approach the big blank screen in the centre of the amphitheatre-shaped room.

'Quacom' he called begrudgingly.

'What is the progress of your present task?' But the machine did not respond.

John became impatient and doubt started intruding among his fantastical speculations of advanced civilizations, forsaken by both humanity and time. How could it be that the machine that literally knew everything, that managed to solve the problem of Dark Matter in a matter of days, that had managed to reveal even the most obscure fundamental particles and even found a way for spaceships to travel close to half the speed of light, not be able to decipher one tablet of ancient text?

'Something has to be wrong' he thought.

'Quacom' he repeated,

'I need an update on your progress immediately' now louder and with a stern and clear voice as if that would've made a difference. Surprisingly, the eerie machine showed a sign of activity and suddenly, big white letters began appearing on the big blank screen in the middle of the room, as the computer spoke.

'The deciphering of the introduced item is complete and has been translated into English with 97% accuracy' said the cold, calculating voice through the speakers.

John stood there petrified, his mouth agape with excitement, the moment he had been waiting for had finally come. It did it. He soon would be the first one to read the mysterious tablet in at least 7000 years. Unable to contain his curiosity any longer, he snapped towards the screen.

'What does it say? I want the full transcript at once!'

But a torturing silence covered the empty room once again and John, now fuming with excitement, made to speak again as the cold voice resounded through the speakers.

'I am unable to provide the information requested as it stands in conflict with my core programming.' 'What?!' he shouted back incredulously 'what do you mean? which programming? ELABORATE!'

The machine responded, immediately this time.
