"Zorba! Stop staring at the pictures of the humans and tell me why they are an important race in the university" The light blue-skinned woman asked.

Zorba looked up hesitantly. She was a small girl with dark blue skin and pearly eyes. "Because humans are adorable, Miss Vannor?" She offered up.

"They are indeed the cutest race in the universe buy why do we find them so?" Miss Vannor questioned, her steely eyes narrowed on Zorba's wriggling form.

"Because they're always so nice to each other unlike our race. We always fight and discriminate whereas humans bond together" Zorba answered with a dreamy smile. Humans were so lovely. She really wanted to meet one.

"Exactly. Well done, Zorba! Humans are the most peaceful and kind race in the universe. We love to watch them and do not interfere because we don't want to expose them to our endless problems. We want them to continue living in their ignorant bliss" Miss Vannor expanded on Zorba's correct but brief explanation. "Can anyone else in the class offer me an example of when the humans bonded together?"

A jade green-skinned boy with sapphire hair raised his hand. Miss Vannor nodded gently and he began to answer. "When that evil monstrosity called Hitler tried to eliminate the Jews, the world banded together and defeated him. And afterwards all the countries swore to never have another world war. This shows that humans will never let injustice stand!" He said proudly. He had always wanted to be a human.

" That's an excellent example, Mikio! Now for your homework, I would like you to turn in 3,000 words on why we would never invade Earth. Remember the key themes are peace and kindness." Miss Vannor set their homework and watched them scribble it down before leaving. The classroom was empty except for Zorba. "What's wrong, Zorba?"

Zorba bit her lip anxiously. She didn't want to offend Miss Vannor. "Is it true you've met a human and have human ancestry?" She really wanted to know if the rumours were true.

"What a ridiculous thought!" Miss Vannor exclaimed. Her fiery red hair escaped from her bun as she shook her head in denial. "I have never met a human" Her nostrils flared at the thought. 

Zorba quickly apologised. "Sorry, Miss" She left in a hurry.

Miss Vannor breathed a sigh of relief. No one could ever know about her great grandfather. She would never hear the end of it if they found out she was related to a human. And not even a nice, kind human. No she had the misfortune to be related to one of the most despised human beings around. Her first name even honoured him though she hated her father for it. She was Doni. The only plus side was that she didn't take her father's surname of Trump. She much preferred Vannor, her mother's maiden name.

Edit: Cleaned up a few typos.