It had started off as a joke. When the committee had gathered in the teleconferencing room, using technology the aliens had provided the blueprints for, the Chairperson wanted to lighten the mood. Perhaps it was the surreal nature of the meeting. They were video-chatting with an alien species that were light years away. Aliens that had quickly learned several of the languages found on earth, while the committee had struggled just to get one language expert familiar with theirs. Perhaps it was the uncanniness of the aliens- vaguely humanoid, seemingly glowing-but that could be the video- and features that seemed familiar and features that biologists could only guess at from the images. Perhaps it was the military personnel that were now sitting in the room with her. Perhaps it was the diplomats from around the globe who were desperate to keep their countries at the forefront of intergalactic talks. Or perhaps it was just the the Chairperson had never really been the best at public speaking, and the gravity of the situation was not lost on her. It was the first video call. Prior communication hadn't been able to work out the video kinks, but this time, everything was working. There the aliens were. On screen. Staring her down from whatever they called a camera. 

"Thank you for joining us today, on..." She froze. She already forgot what they had agreed upon as the date. Sol Cycle 6,347 Earth day 54 quadrant 1? Fuck. "On February 23, year 2213." A few pointed looks from the others in the room, and an annoyed cough from the Chinese representative. Whatever. The aliens wouldn't know what that means anyways. 

"It's nice to be able to put faces to names, and we only have your expertise to thank. So thank you, Revaol-" The alien on the left of the screen tilted their head down and seemed to radiate an acknowledgement. Huh. Maybe it's not the video. "Thank you Utig-" This time the alien on the right shifted. "And thank you Wevopr for providing us with this opportunity." The center alien seemed to smile, and the Chairperson relaxed a hair. She introduced the faces in the room, but as she reached her 10th name- The French aerospace coordinator Jacques Rousseau- she realized how many more people were on her side of the call. Would that look bad? What sort of politics did the aliens know? Were they familiar with how many countries were on Earth? She shook off the feeling, and finished her introductions. 

"We are here today to discuss our future relations between the People of Earth and the Citizens of Xecnia. You've already proven yourselves to be a generous ally, and we look forward to learning more about your culture and forming a bond of trust between us." The eyes were all on her. She wasn't really sure why she was the one talking. Sure, she was the one to first recognize the radio waves as deliberate messages. Sure, she was able to re-direct those messages back to their origin source and then able to set up a communication system that took years to develop but eventually led to her being able to hear voices on their calls. She had been the point person, but she always thought someone qualified would be the one in her place instead, but no one offered, no country tried to replace her. So now here she was. Trying to negotiate intergalactic alliances. Trying to get colonies established out in space with the aid of a much higher intelligence. She swallowed. 

"From the coordinates, your planet orbits Proxima Centauri, or that's what our scientist have called it." The Chairperson chuckled nervously as a thought occured to her. "Not sure what you call it, or what the owner of the star calls it but-" A chorus of noises erupted from the aliens, and startled the humans on this side of the call. 

"What do you mean, the owner of the star?" Utig asked. His English was too good, but there was still an accent-almost like rocks on gravel as he hit the consonants. Everyone on her side of the room abruptly faced the Chairperson, stiffness and steel in their postures. She felt her face turning red as she swallowed. 

"I didn't-it's not like-it's not a real thing-" She stammered. 

"What do you mean, owner of the star?" Utig repeated. Fuck.

"There's like a star 'buying' system here on Earth. For some money, people can 'purchase' a star for themselves. It's not actually sanctioned by any agency here on Earth though. It's some scam that companies pull-they say they'll name the star for you and send you some certificate of 'ownership'." The Chairperson had never used so many air-quotes in her life. She had never used air-quotes in a meeting and yet, here she was. 

"So someone owns our star?" Wevopr asked. The Chairperson froze. What can of worms did she just open? 

"I don't know. Maybe? But, they don't own it, they just....they got scammed if they paid money. NASA doesn't sell stars they discover to people. None of the space programs do-" She was cut off, this time by Revaol.

"We will need to discuss any negotiations of alliances first with the person who owns our star. Xecnia will never allow these talks to be official if our Star Leader is not present. We will need to make contact with whoever this person is, and once they have told us their wishes for how to proceed, then we may begin official talks. Thank you for your time today, and we shall speak again in the future."

Abruptly the video cut out. Everyone in the room faced the Chairperson. She stood, her mouth slightly agape at what had just transpired. Fuck. She shook her head and focused on the group of people sitting in front of her. 

"Is that even still a thing?" Stares from the room. Her heart was pounding and a roar filled her ears. She had to lighten the mood. "Look, I'm sure that no one actually 'owns' Proxima Centauri. And if god forbid, someone does, I'm sure we can just take care of it." 

She scanned the room, desperate for a friendly face. All the Chairperson saw though, were the military officials nod-almost imperceptibly at each other- before standing and leaving the room. 