A rush of wind buffeted me as I fell towards the outskirts of the city. I opened my eyes and stared down at the encroaching maze of concrete blocks – each one a building capable of housing hundreds, each one just a bit smaller than a toothpick – and wondered how this all looked from the outside. Would they see a speck of darkness floating down into a carefully crafted model, or would they have microscopes trained on me already, magnifying that mote into a man free-falling into a miniature of the world? It was neither common nor uncommon for agents to be sent into the Hub worlds, often to escort a new young resident, sometimes to investigate maintenance complaints, rarely to remove a pre-existing resident. 

I grimaced at these thoughts, appalled that I too was succumbing to the euphemisms of the state. The people I was about to see were criminals, and these replica worlds were prison colonies writ small. And ‘removal’ meant extermination. The department had told me this was an especially dangerous removal, one that had slipped under the auspices of the Hub management committees for far too long, and that the risks were inordinately high. Too high for standard departmental insurance to cover – I would be waiving my expectation of safety, or, at least, compensation for danger, when I went in. Not that I had a choice, of course, but it was nice of them to have a lawyer give me this notice again right before I stepped into the miniaturization tube. My chief couldn’t tell me who or what made this assignment so dangerous, but he had raved about the fucked up greed of the committees the night he handed me the dossier.


‘This world should be pressed by rights,’ he slurred, face beet red from the bourbon he kept in a cabinet by the window, ‘You’re just their attempt at recouping the investment.’ He drank a lot that night, not caring that I left my glass half full the entire time. He had stood stony-faced as the door of the tube slid closed.


I felt rather than heard my parachute brace beep as it erupted, and the sudden jolt snapped me out of my introspection. I patted my backpack instinctively, the familiar angles and weight feeling only slightly odd slung across my chest instead of my back. It was standard issue, with everything the department deemed I would need, but I had gone through the contents again and again the night before, making sure I knew exactly where each item was. I had work to do in this city and I couldn’t afford to lose focus.