As I tightened the rope harness that kept my victim dangling just above the ground, I wondered if my plan would work this time. I double checked that the knot was tied securely to the tree branch above, and as I drew my pistol, my victim woke up.

It took him a minute to fully comprehend his dire circumstances; first, he looked down at the rope around him, then at the desolate forest surrounding us, and finally at my gun, rising toward his head. He cried for mercy, for an explanation, for anything, but I did not listen. Instead I looked down at the scatter of leaves and brush right below his feet as my finger tightened around the cold trigger. He was not important; if my plan were to succeed, I would be free of this curse that had tormented me for quite literally countless years. I was ready. I pulled the trigger.

BANG. As soon as the explosion of the gun sounded, there was a rustle of leaves and wood. I looked up at my victim, who looked right back at me with a fearful and confused look in his eyes and a gaping hole going through his head. He was still alive, which means my plan worked.

I looked down and where there was previously a blend of inconspicuous leaves and sticks and dirt, there was now a twelve foot hole in the ground with a hooded figure in the bottom. I had finally outsmarted Death.

Death sighed, and stared up at me from the hole that was too tall for him to climb out of. After weighing his options, he asked, "Okay, what do you want?"

"Well," I replied, "if you don't recall, I was the one that you so unjustly made immortal at that party back in Egypt a few thousand years ago."

"...and?"

"And? I want you to lift this curse!"

"Now why would I do that?" Death retorted.

"Well, for one, you're stuck in a hole," I so cleverly pointed out, "and if you help me then I can help you. Also, you shouldn't have even done that to me in the first place! I was drunk, I'll admit, that's my bad, but I just bumped into you. I fail to see how that calls for such a curse as immortality."

"Okay, first of all, you didn't *just* bump into me. You **stepped on my robe**. Big difference. Also, you put me in this hole, so really I should give you a curse that is even worse, and dial up one of my friends to come get me a ladder or something."

"Why do you care so much that I stepped on your robe?"

"Look, I was just having a bad night. Now get me out of this hole."

"Okay, fine, just promise me that you will give me death when you get out." 

"...deal."

I ran over to the tree, where a ladder was propped up, and I grabbed it and carefully lowered it down into the hole. As Death climbed up, each tap of his bony hands and feet on the metal ladder were sounds of my rapidly approaching freedom. Finally, he was at level ground, and the blackness where his eyes should be looked up at mine. He unsheathed his scythe from seemingly nowhere, and in one efficient swoop, swung it right through me.

My body fell, but I rose. To the Heavens I ascended. Finally! My day had come. I looked down and I saw my lifeless body, Death walking away, and that poor bastard that had some explaining to do.