Day 1.

If you are reading this we're probably dead, Every big bad in the world has played its cards at the same time, I feel as if god himself is weeping out of pity for us.

I'm locked in here in this underground cage with about 15 other people and its hell, Most of us have hearing problems from the ongoing war up on the surface, Even now I can hear the trampling footsteps of the Mass produced warriors, The ones risen again, The Otherworldly and too many others to count.

But... The good news is that we haven't given up hope just yet! Morales is in the green from just managing to get in this tin can of a shelter, Everyone's in a "Good-ish" mood right now at least, 

Except Craig,

Fuck Craig.

---

Day 21 and 22.

Food was low yesterday, but that problem was solved quickly, See below,

 We sent Craig out as well as Corey to get food, They both came back but Craig, Being the stupid bitch that he is, Came back with some fucking scraps of robot gibs, We almost shot him in the head when he came in here with a wagon full of those things ~~God i wish we did~~, But the gun jammed and we broke it in our state of panic,

The bastard almost killed us all, How could he tell if those corpses weren't dead but in sleep mode or something? At least they weren't regular human corpses, If they were then we'd be rotting our flesh off and muttering "BRAINZ!" All night.

Corey however, Came in looking like Swiss cheese, Apparently a couple of those pyramid dudes and invaders spotted her and immediately started firing as soon as her expression changed from straight faced to worry, Needless to say we patched her up good quickly before she fell to the floor.

Today the group is working on fixing the gun with the spare robot parts, It would give us a fighting chance if we manage to upgrade it in the process

There was something strange last night though, I kept on hearing... Scraping coming from the storage room, Am i hallucinating? Going insane? I hope not.

---

Day FOUR FOUR FOUR FOUR SEVEN SEVEN SEVEN SEVEN SEVEN SEVEN SEVEN

themetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalivethemetalisalive

---

Day Three one four one five nine two six five.

We have gone far in this home of ours, Now we embark into the new world, And begin a Odyssey in the name of The true god, The grand machine, beside us.

And although the Men unspoken by god have left and taken the world with them, They haven't taken the ineffable paradise built by our lord, for they are too feeble to even gaze apon it without falling apart.

Many have gone mad going down the path to paradise, Yet in our time training beyond the stare of deathly eyes, We have trained, And with that training we shall spread, Because of the one fact that the god we worship is right beside us, And that is an undeniable truth not even the most faithless of survivors would think to be wrong.

We are still the ones who are sane.

And we will always be.

**THE END**