Julia was only about a week into her new job as a tour guide on Ellis Island when she found the stairway. At first it didn't seem worth noticing, just another access to a dusty old attic she assumed. It wasn't until she watched the curators line up nervously by the stairway that she thought to ask he friend Kevin about it. "It's the most important artifact in the museum, yet very few know it is there" Kevin told her, "No matter how many times I've seen it I still can't believe it is still here."  Intrigued, Julia badgered the senior curator until she was invited up as well - unsure of, but excited to be seeing something rare, she climbed the stairs behind Kevin.

The first thing she noticed was the height of the climb, it seemed impossible that she could climb so many stairs in this smallish building. When she entered the room at the top, it's size was impressive "This has been here since before the dedication in 86, isn't it grand?" She looked at Kevin with uncertainty, if it wasn't for the presence of the others and the grandeur of this hall, she would have assumed she was being pranked. Before her were several large wooden crates, discolored and worn with age, the largest labeled "Statue of Liberty, Some Assembly Required*". Looking closely at the box, Julia was astounded. "I had no idea that the statue ran on batteries, that's amazing!"

An older gentleman, one of the head curators, approached her with a puzzled look on his face and asked her what she meant.  Julia pointed to the image on the box, "This symbol here, do you not know what this is? This is the mark of Gaston Plante, you mean to tell me you never knew what this meant?" The curators were all buzzing around her at this point, some insisting that it was impossible, batteries hadn't been created at that time. Julia was livid that people she'd held in such esteem could be so ignorant. She quickly explained about Volta and his invention, and stopped at Plante's creation of the lead acid battery. "You never knew. So no one has ever put batteries in her? Someone should think about trying that, don't you think?"

Several hours and a trip to Autozone later, the rangers on Liberty Island were ready to install. The location wasn't hard to guess as the compartment under both big toes had been found during an inspection in the early 1990's, so they simply had to pry off the adhesive used to hold them closed. Julia was standing on the roof of the museum, having been told she was not allowed to be on the island when the batteries were inserted. A tap on her shoulder was the only indication that someone had joined her there, and when she turned to find two strangers on the roof with her, she felt a moment of panic. "Relax ma'am, I'm Jeff and this is Steve and we'd like to talk to you about an opportunity we have for you."

Suddenly a horn sounded, the signal that the batteries were being plugged in. Julia held up a hand to halt Jeff's spiel and turned to watch. There was a moment of nothing, and she wasn't sure what to expect, but then the rangers near the statue began to run around madly, covering their ears as if in pain. She heard laughter from below and saw a few curators standing outside with a walkie talkie, over the crackling she could hear someone, presumably a ranger on Ellis, begging for it to stop. Jeff approached her again,"Ma'am, for reasons that will soon become obvious - we need to leave. Please come with us?" Steve appeared to be struggling to not giggle, and he finally lost the battle as they entered the building. "Our oldest puzzle, never thought anyone would solve it. I know it's cheesy, but damn if it doesn't make me laugh every time!"

Arriving at the exit, Jeff waved towards a helicopter that was landing on the lawn. "Sorry, no time for a ferry today. Congratulations Julia, you've just rick-rolled Liberty Island and landed yourself a position with Google."

