It all started with long looks.

First they kept glancing at him. He was just one of them though, so he didn't care much about it. 

Then few started coming up to him to ask few questions about their fathers and mothers.

Then they came to ask his help to resolve some conflicts, from simple fights to bigger regarding beliefs.

What never changed was their looks of respect for him .. or so he thought.

"Why must we always go to him for our problems, who does he think he is?!"

"Don't you dare question His authority woman!"

"No! I'm not going to stand before him and discuss our personal matter with a complete stranger"

"Stranger? Stranger?! He is not a stranger, he knows all of us. He was here before any of us. He saved us in the time of need and fed our forefathers when they were dying of hunger. Without him we wouldn't ever b-"


"Oh for heaven's sake just listen to yourself! You sound like you're starting a cult of worshipper for him. Don't be idiotic, he's just a man like any of us. Just with a prolonged life"

---

I loved that woman. Centuries have passed, or millenia? Who knows, but what I never forgot about her. Her words kept me from ending myself. Oh no, not like that, I mean ending my humanity.

That 'respect', eventually did turn out to be outright worshipping. I was hailed as their Savior at first but then they were gone and new ones came, with stronger belief. First they denied their fathers but then they grew old and the fear of death made them look at me ... and they understood what their fathers meant.

It kept happening for a long *long* time and one day, I woke up as a God. I had trascended to the ultimate position. When or how did it happen, can't bother to remember but what I do remember is the bloodied hallways and thirty three thousand seven hundred and eight bodies that I *'sent to heaven with my blessing'* or so they called the massacre.

When I came out of chamber after the massacre, what I saw made me hate them even more. I shamed them for killing their owns, wives, kids, husbands, mother fathers .. no one was spared, and I didn't spare them either. The absolute hate for the humanity blinded with rage, I didn't know I had it in me. I took my gun and started shooting randomly at the people gathered before me. I didn't care if they shot back but to my utter amazement, no one lifted a single head. They just stood there and the ones who died had smile on their faces.

I felt disgust and powerless that day but I promised myself that this will never happen again, not in my lifetime, which I can promise you is very very long. They wanted a God? I'll show them the absolut control. They wanted the 'True Path'? I'll give them my commandments.

--- 

Nine centuries have passed since that day. My message since that day is still sung at every home about the massacre their forefathers committed. I will never forget it and neither will they. Everyone has to recite it, every single day. 

They rule their own kind but I rule them all. They oppose among each other, fight with each other but taking someone's life is something I absolutely forbid. I can bring them back and make them kill their killer, if they don't want to forgive, I kill them both.

I'd like to think I'm a benevolent God but my wrath is absolute. I've created a utopia and no one challenges my authority.

 This is the word of God.

--------------------------

My first ever story here. Just woke up in the middle of night and read the prompt. Now going back to sleep. Hope you like it though. 

Have a nice Christmas & a wonderful new year!