A vast murky darkness spread through the town like poison poured into a well. It started at the town gates and slowly crept over the stockade walls building in intensity before crashing like a avalanche into the town square. There it ricocheted off the Statue of Tranquility, a commissioned piece of elves, dwarves, and humans living together in harmony.

The dark soot continued to travel down main street filling the cracks in the cobblestone, sloshing between row houses and splashing onto the thatch roofs overhead. Humans, dwarves and elves closed their windows, coughing, trying to shield themselves from the black matter. But, it was already too late. The pulsing death seeped through tiny cracks in the walls and blanketed their households.

By the time it reached the Lusty Lady Inn, I was upstairs with a half-elf hermaphrodite named Shylo. He was the most beautiful girl in town. Or at least that’s what his madame claimed when she sold him to me back in Ethington village. We had just retired to our room after a long night of celebrating in the tavern downstairs. When Shylo lit a pipe of dragon grass and the flame went out, I knew what was coming our way.

I grabbed a burlap sack from the drawer and threw it at Shlyo. “Put this on over your head,” I told him. “Wow, you *are* kinky,” he replied, unaware that the bag in his hands would save his life. “Fine. I’m willing to try everything once,” he said as he placed it  over his head and disappeared inside of it. “What the hell? Get me out of here,” he screamed. I ran over to the bag and zipped it shut. “You’ll thank me later,” I promised.

The darkness started to creep up through the floorboards. “I haven’t got much time,” I thought to myself as I put on my glasses and grabbed my orb off the dresser table. The orb was a family heirloom, past down by generations of sorcerers. It was created when my ancestors killed “Valsor” the last of the acid breathing dragons and embalmed his right toe in a sinewy resin.

“Why the right toe?” I  asked my father when I was a child. He just shrugged his shoulders and replied, "Maybe his left was already taken?"

I held the orb up to my face and whispered into it, *“Incantum vatarum.”* Sparks of radiant white light shot from it, creating a pulsing sphere around me, pushing back the suffocating darkness. I quickly packed the rest of my belonging, threw my knapsack over my shoulder and slowly proceeded down the hall into the tavern.

The tavern, which had been the scene of a raucous party the night before was now cast in shadows. Timber Mckinny, the dwarfish barkeep with a deep barking voice, laid on top of the bar, covered in black soot. As I made my way past him, I noticed a gleam in his eyes as they slowly filled with a dark orange color. “It’s already begun,” I thought to myself as I headed out the door and onto main street.

I picked up my pace and headed north towards the town gates. The pitter patter of my feet echoed off the nearby church and apothecary. Humans, dwarves, and elves peered out of their windows and doorways as I passed, their eyes shining a pumpkin orange.

By the time I rounded past the statue in the square, a small crowd had gathered behind me. “*Ipsum vacarum denutium,*” the townspeople whispered. Which I knew was undead for, “You will become us.” Super dark, I know. Then again, the undead don't really have a sense of humor.

Distracted, I didn’t see the half-dwarf in front of me before it was too late. He pierced the glowing orb by entering after a shooting spark had just died and before the next spark could take its place. Startled, I tried to hit him with the orb, but he reached out and grabbed my right arm. His soot covered hand sending a black ink coursing through my veins. I kicked him hard in the balls (by accident, but still pretty cool) and he flew backwards into the void.

A searing pain shot up my arm, into my shoulder and up to the back of my skull. The gate was in sight now. If I could just get there, I would be safe. I grabbed my arm and broke into a sprint. The crowd followed behind. Their chants now reaching a quiet roar.

I pushed hard against the gates, but they were locked. The crowd gathered behind me, surrounding my sphere. They reached out their hands, trying to breach the shooting sparks of light. I could feel their chant deep within my bones, like it had become a part of me. I was suffocating under their death.

“*Ovenchick Operendum*”, I whispered into the orb and the gates parted slightly, just enough to let me through. I squeezed through the opening and fell onto the dirt road below me. The gates slammed shut, locking the undead in their former town.

Outside the village, sunshine broke through tall pines towering over the hillside. Birds chirped and a deer drank from a nearby mountain stream. I kneeled over to catch my breath.

To my left, a small group of demonic looking humanoids gathered. They were huddled around a large box which seemed to be the epicenter of the darkness flowing into the town below. I made my way towards them and screamed, “Hey A-holes!” They all turned to look at me, startled. “When I sold you the Ray of the Undead, I asked for you to wait until I left town,” I yelled at them.

The largest humanoid made his way toward me, “Sorry man! No one could find you, we thought you left,” he said, shrugging his shoulders. “I was at the tavern,” I replied, my blood pressure rising. “Oh, the tavern…” he replied, looking back at his mates. “We never go in there, ‘cause you know… we’re undead… we can’t  drink,” he continued, “Our bad.”

“Idiots,” I thought, as I sat down next to the mountain stream. The black touch of the undead now coursing through my veins. My hermaphrodite half-elf wiggling around inside my infinity bag of holding. My head still pounding with a hangover from the night before.

When I opened up my supply shop to the monster underground, I never realized how much would get lost in translation.