Y'know it's been a while now. Just over 4000 days of viewer time, and easily quadruple that in real time. The commentary, it does tend to drag on. 

I just couldn't live anymore in the real world, I'd just had enough. My entire life I'd been told what a useless piece of shit I was by my family and loved ones. I also knew in my head that those that were not saying it, were thinking it. 

When I took my own life it finished one book, but opened another. Now I sit here, watching through, and I hear it, I hear their thoughts in real time for the first time.

I was right. 

They did think it, and any validation I get from being right is drowned out by the knowledge of being...of being me.

Day 4380 is a big one. That's my 12th birthday party. I can't go there again. I'm desperate to make it stop, but, well, I'm dead. The house rules here are pretty strict. A thought enters my head. 'Can I die in Hell?' 'Will I be sent to a place worse than Hell?' 'Is that even possible?'.

A week before the big birthday review, I saw Sally sitting in the break room. You might ask yourself why Hell has a break room, but it wasn't for me. In fact the only reason I was in the break room was because I had to watch and listen to the commentary on my reaction to their commentary, while they had their break. Sally was alone in the break room as we had been watching a rather boring scene where she had witnessed me walking home after being beaten up at school. Sally was a good girl, but only because she had the opportunity to be like just the rest, but didn't. Sally didn't stop anyone or stick up for me, but she didn't pile on, so that was alright.

Sally was going through her own struggles with the viewing. I mean shit, she was in Hell too right? There wasn't an elevator you got to take just to participate in the commentary portion of my torment. Sally wasn't allowed to talk to me outside of the commentary, so she did like she usually did, and left me a note. I hated reading them but I couldn't stop myself. Instead of the usual 'You're the reason we are both here', it said 'The utensil drawer is unlocked'.

I pulled open the drawer, grabbed a steak knife, and killed myself.