A sigh.

I stare down at his broken corpse through eyes glazed with disappointment. He was a man in his twenties, crushed under the weight of an eighteen-wheeler that thought, innocently of course, that running a red light at two in the morning wouldn't hurt this one time. But it did hurt for James McCannon, his bones snapped like twigs, his flesh punctured like cloth when the semi slammed into his passenger side door. 

I reach a hand into the metal and leather and blood, groping for James' soul in the wreckage until I've found it. With a tug, his soft soul pulls free of his body like a tissue, weightless in my hand as I pull it out. It's a beautiful, ethereal thing I clutch in my fist for a heartbeat before turning and tossing it onto the asphalt. The shapeless form of it becomes a shape, the body of James McCannon with a fluttering, luminescent quality.

"I can't carry you," I tell James.

"What?" He blinks dumbly. "Am I..."

I answer him with a wordless nod and direct his attention to the chaos unfolding around us, the cries of bystanders and his broken vehicle, his old body mangled inside. James considers these things with a sad, thoughtful expression on his face until I draw his attention back. 

"We have to go, but I can't carry you."

"I don't understand." Behind his words are the echoes of a howl rising in the distance.

"Normally I would ferry your soul to it's destination, but I'm afraid there's been a change of plans. " I'm tossing glances over my shoulder now, looking for the source of the howl, knowing it's coming for James.  The thought makes me, oddly, afraid, leading me to grip the pole of my scythe with a white-knuckled ferocity.  James starts to say or ask something else, but he's interrupted by the sound of a low growl to our right. I turn my gaze slowly to find the cause of it. What comes into view is a wolf, pitch black fur with burning red eyes, standing atop the damaged roof of James' car while smoldering flames lick at its feet. I lunge for James at the same time as it does.  