Not my own work, but a friend who was too shy to post it herself.


A moment’s silence is followed by a wicked grin and a dark chuckle. ‘Well, if that’s how things are, I suppose I’ll play along.’ The sorcerer seems unnerved – likely very few demons react this way upon discovering the truth. He stumbles over his words; you’d think somebody who intentionally summoned a demon would be a little more articulate. Sighing, I cross my arms over my chest, roll my eyes, and give him the most disappointed stare I can muster, kicking back under my skirt to knock a candle over, conveniently, into a stack of papers that catch fire immediately. He shrieks, distracted, and rushes to save his work. I casually step out of the circle and look back at the blithering idiot. “Next time you summon one of us, it might be a good idea to summon one that isn’t an occultist.” With that, I grab a bag, shove a few obviously arcane tomes, bottles, and a blade I can only assume is either akin to an athame or a bolline, and head for the door. He shouts at me to come back just as I’m closing the door and stepping out onto the street.
‘Huh, guess Hell really is a reflection of the world above. That’s convenient.’ I guess I’d expected something different, but so far, things seem pretty… average. It makes all the fire and brimstone of Abrahamic religions seem ridiculous, unless you count the capabilities of the atom bomb, heavy artillery, and the plethora of other war machines. After all, nothing’s really pretty about war. Then again, what with the horsemen of the apocalypse jazz, you could say that we’ve got all of them reigning supreme down there.
Down there…
Is it ‘down there?’


I stop, realizing I’ve been aimlessly walking down a dark highway but haven’t run into any cars. You’d think I would have been run over by now. I look back, just to check. 
‘Oh shit. That car is on fire. When did that get there?’ I walk back over, musing to myself about how serene I tend to be in the midst of chaos and tragedy, and survey the crash. Normally, I wouldn’t go so close to an open flame and certainly wouldn’t peruse an accident like I was window shopping, but I’m oddly detached. That is, until I see them. ‘Duh, stupid. There’s people in the car.’ Without thinking, I brush the fire away, snuffing it out as easily as I’d started one back at that sorcerer’s place. It crosses my mind that I probably shouldn’t be able to do this, but hey, I’m apparently a demon, and thus far, I wouldn’t say I’m acting too far outside of the realm of general demonic abilities. Well, aside from the heroism, anyway.
Sirens blare just as I’m setting a little boy next to his coughing mother in the median. I guess somebody called police while I was pulling them out of their smoldering sedan. At least somebody’s on top of things today. It crosses my mind that I should probably ditch the scene now. Demons probably don’t have the best rep here, either. Slinging my bag over my shoulder, I start walking again. Normally, I’d have been tired after five minutes of walking, but it’s like a weight I’d been carrying for over twenty years has been lifted. I feel light as a feather… so light I could fly. I’m stronger, faster, better than I’d ever be otherwise and nobody can tell I’m not just another human – you’d think people would look different from us back in Hell. I grin again, savoring this chance. Your average Jane demon, finally free of her ‘Earthly’ shackles. I could do anything. I could help people. I could make this world fall. Mostly, though, I think I’m hungry. I wonder how much ice cream I could eat before I got sick?