From a young age, I always felt as though something was missing. At such a young age I thought it was something as simple as one of my favourite toys. As I grew older though, I began to realise that it was more of a someone that was missing, not a something. My mother would always love showing my brother and I pictures of our younger, chubbier selves. Only, the photo albums that these photos were kept in had missing slots inbetween photos. I always used to ask why, and the simple reply would be an obvious excuse that I never really realised due to my age. But now I’m realising it all. The photos that slipped out of my mother’s wallet and the way she scrambled to pick them up before I could get a look. The closed door my parents would hide behind to talk in hushed whispers, the arguments these hushed whispers led to. Only now am I linking all of this to the letters. 

The letters. The very things that haunt me every year. Of course I couldn’t read when I was a baby. I didn’t even know about these letters until I was 15. I only found them accidentally in my mother’s drawer looking for a perfume that I could “borrow” from her and there they were. Fifteen perfectly crisp envelopes, all kept together with string and a bow on top, it straight from the movies. They were of course, addressed to me, so I opened. 

I wish I didn’t. Oh, how I wish I didn’t open those letters. I have never felt unsafe. I have always been safe, loved. Something about these letters suggested the exact opposite. They sent goosebumps all over my body. Some of them have made me feel sick. But this one, today. This one made me feel especially sick. All of these years, a countdown has defined my very existence and tomorrow it ends, I have never been more ready. 

“See you tomorrow” 

Zipping up my boots, I get ready for my day as usual. Doing my hair, getting dressed, brushing my teeth. The same old boring stuff. The day has passed and I’m starting to believe these letters are a sick joke, or a figment if my messed up imagination. As I open the door to my apartment I see another letter. The same envelope, the same writing, the same smiley face after my name. I look around, my head spinning and my throat dry, I pick it up. I open it. 

“Come in, I’ll be waiting” 

My eyes blur and my hands begin to shake. I have dropped the letter and I’m already in the living room before I realise what’s happening. And there it is. There “he” is. I scream in my head, I don’t know if I’m really screaming, if it’s really leaving my mouth. I begin to move away, I know this person. The person in my dreams, the person I’ve told my mother about after a nightmare. He is real. He is smiling sickly, he looks just like his smiley face. He is mocking me, I can feel it. In his hands he has a clock, he wants to kill me with it. Bash my head open until I can no longer function of breath and my limbs stop moving and my soul stops existing. He wants to finally get it into my brain, how much time I’ve wasted. How much of a mistake I am. 

When I wake up, the sun is shining through my window. I jump up, screaming instantly. A woman opens the door and approaches me, not that injection, not the one that makes me sleep. Please, I need to remember this man, this sick man. She shushes me while other men hold me back, to calm me down. Darkness begins to slowly fill my sight and it starts again. The letters, the whispers, the sickly smiley man finally managing to get his hands on me. It all starts again, and again.