He had been around for as long as anyone could remember and even our oldest records failed to mention when he had first appeared or even his name. This enigma of a sorcerer had come to simply be known as the Grand Sorcerer.

People throughout the lands knew of him and the various challenges of which he has triumphed over such as shunting a severe flood which was going to wipe out a village into a separate dimension or healing a family line of an ancient disease which was thought to be incurable.

The Grand Sorcerer was a gentle man known far and wide for his kindness, compassion and generosity. Whenever his trademark trim white beard and twisted oak staff were seen people were sure to cheer and gather around hoping that he would be able to bring a miracle to them.

However no one lives forever, apparently not even sorcerers of untold power and age, and now the greatest sorcerer is upon his deathbed and many people have come from across the world to say there thanks to him whilst some of his rivals are out in the world preparing for what will inevitably happen when he finally dies, everything that will fall forth from his spells failing.

Having been in a comatose state for longer than a month the Grand Sorcerer’s trademark beard has grown scraggly and unruly and his body had become noticeably weakened, most of the people who had come to see the Grand Sorcerer to say their thanks and goodbyes have left, the only person remaining by his side is me, the only apprentice he had been training for the past 70 years.

I had met the Grand Sorcerer when I was much younger, I was a young man slowly dying off in one of the side alleys in the city where the Grand Sorcerer has made his abode. As I was lying down, feeling as if I was breathing my last raspy breath a pair of fine boots and the hem of a robe appeared in front of me out of nowhere, looking down as I slowly looked up was the Grand Sorcerer.

“You aren’t looking too good young man, I guess I should do something about that then” spoke the Grand Sorcerer as he reached down and picked me up, throwing me over his shoulder before reciting a spell. Next thing I know I was in a bed with a roof above my head and the Grand Sorcerer was at my side, from that moment I pledged myself to assist him so that I could repay the debt I had accrued from him saving my life.

But now that was all coming to an end, my debt could not be repaid after death nor could I give back to the Grand Sorcerer what he had given me over the last 70 year and I had no idea how to deal with the various spells the Grand Master had cast over his lifetime as he had never told me and I only knew what I saw.

I fell asleep to the side of the Grand Sorcerer’s bed and when I awoke he was gone, a bit different then what had happened to other sorcerers in the past but no one was the same after all, some burst into flames, some left corpses and some just straight out exploded with a bright flash of light.

Coming to my senses I was startled that even though the Grand Sorcerer was gone I could not hear any bedlam or panic, in fact it was intensely quiet. Going to the window I looked out to see that nothing had seemingly changed, confused I decided to go out and see for myself what had occurred due to the loss of the worlds greatest defence.

Leaving the hospital and floating down the road I had begun to notice one very important thing. It was still quiet. Too quiet, I had not seen any people when leaving the hospital and now I couldn’t see any out on the streets. The houses were still there, as were the roads but the people themselves were strangely absent.

I continued to float throughout the city for hours, looking for anyone who could tell me what had happened but to no avail. Finding this to be ominous I decided to set my sights outside the city. Floating out of the city and into the plains I cake across the second anomaly, it was all dead, what used to once be verdant and lush fields of green was now dry and cracked dirt and sand.

I set out on my journey to discover the extent of the damage that had occurred and after days of travelling I finally made it to the neighbouring city of Medacia. Landing outside the gates to the city I looked around for a guard who could open the gates but there was no one standing guard outside the walls or atop them so feeling this to be strange I floated over the wall to discover horror.

The first thing that hit me when I traversed the wall was a hideous stench, the stench of death and decay, and the source could clearly be seen. Corpses littered the streets, faces frozen in agony, skin cracked and grey with black liquid oozing from the cracks in their skin and from where they had once had eyes. 

I knew what this was as soon as I saw the first corpse and I flew far away from that city, that was the disease which had ran through a noble bloodline long ago which the Grand Sorcerer has cured, it was a disease and a curse which had been brought upon the nobles so that their family may never grow larger, anyone who came into contact with that blood would receive the curse.

I stopped a safe distance from Medacia so that I could be sick, such a sight is not something any human should ever be exposed to and I fear that it is a sight which will remain with me until I too die. Carrying on in my search for answers I floated towards the neighbouring lands and travelled towards the domain of the Sorcerer King, Magnus Oakheart.

Arriving at the Oakheart Kingdom what I was met with was, to say the least, pandemonium. The city walls had fallen and the people within were fighting each other, the city had fallen into anarchy. Descending from the sky I halted a skirmish between two of the groups of people who were fighting each other to ask what was going on.

The people told me that last week the walls had crumbled late at night and that following that the knights of the city had been unable to locate the King, all that they had found in their search of the castle was a wooden puppet in the Kings likeness upon the throne. Following the disappearance of the King and the collapse of the cities main defences the nobles has begun to vie for control of the city even whilst the people suffered.

(I’ll come back to finish this story at a later stage as this is all I could get done for now)