“Matthew Conner?”

“Yep, right here.”

“Right this way please,” the nurse said with a smile, beckoning the man I presumed was Mr. Conner towards an open doorway.  She shut it behind them with a soft click as they walked through.

I sighed.  My head was killing me and I couldn’t wait until I was able to finally see someone about it.  I was probably drinking too much coffee, my addiction always gets worse around roll-up-the-rim season.  I clutched the red paper cup in my hand a bit tighter and took a swig.

“Eugh,” I groaned, propping my head on my hand.  It felt like a tonne of bricks.  Suddenly, I was startled by a wispy voice to my side.

“Excuse me, but your vascular dilation systems are faltering,” it said.

“Sorry, what?” I turned to face the speaker, a long haired blonde girl.  Her innocent green eyes seemed to stare right through me.  She looked no older than 12, and was holding a grey furball.  From the purring sounds emanating from it, I gathered it was a cat.  Where the hell had she come from?

“Your vascular systems have constricted, causing an increase in your intracranial pressure,” she elaborated.  “What is in that beverage of yours?”

“Oh this?  It’s a double-double.  You know, coffee?”  I opened the brown plastic lid and showed her the swirling creamy contents of my cup.

“Fascinating,” she said airily.  She returned her attention to her cat.

“Wait, how can you see what my blood vessels are doing anyways?” I asked her quizzically, taking another sip of my coffee.

“Intracranial diagnostics is one of the first skills we learn on Kular,” she stated.  “The cranium is a very important part of the body.”  She nodded sagely at me.

“Kular, eh?  Tell me more.  What else do you learn about?”  I understood now, she was one of those new medical cases.  Far be it from me to judge, as long as they’re paying for OHIP.

“Veterinary science is another principal skill, our companions are partially symbiotic with us,” she stroked her cat softly and it purred contentedly.  “Also, we do lots of physical activity.  I’m here because I injured myself playing Lobat, and my parents signed me up on a planetary exchange for the next decade.” She looked slightly forlorn at the idea.

“Hmm.  What’s Lobat?” I asked, raising my eyebrows.  Her eyes lit up, and she sat upright in excitement.

“Oh, Lobat is a physical activity where two opposing sides vie for control of a cylindrical token.  We use L-shaped sticks to move the token around, and each side attempts to sink the token into the others’ orifice to win points,” she explained matter-of-factly.  “It’s my favourite activity.”

“Well kid, I think you’ll fit in perfectly fine here,” I said as I patted her on the head.  On the second pat, her skull split open into a giant mouth and bit my hand off.

I started screaming.  But at least my headache was gone.