I learned early on the key difference between magic and technology. When we first made contact with the Terrans, a few decades after the rings had appeared, binding our world eternally to the Plane.

The nature of magic had been a subject of some debate in the councils and colleges since the dawn of time. I suppose they still are. But I know the truth. I understood magic when I wielded it against the Ten Thousand Abominations, early in the days of the Lightning Lords reign, purging the Ring, level by level, until all the shattered realms and their crippled remnants, aging ruins and withered memories, countless doorways into the depths of hell, were purged, one by one... with the destructive power of magic.

Magic is an agent of Chaos. Of true chaos, that is. Entropic chaos. A wellspring of thermodynamic disequilibrium. The means to effect change without end, without consequence. I never had the words for these concepts before we met the Terrans, but I feel I understood them at some level.

We then set out into the Plane. Into the infinite realm of life and worlds that now binds the multiverse. Colonizing, exploring. Absent here were the horrors of the shattered realms, the many doorways into doom. A largely verdant and beautiful realm. Like home, really. 

Then we met the Terrans. We were both wary at first, uncertain. Was one of us responsible for the binding? Or were we both victims, or benefactors of it, in equal, and equally non-deliberate measure? They were an odd folk to our eyes. Analytical, often shortsighted. They possessed a single-minded focus on progress and discovery. Ambition and curiosity un-tempered by patience and prudence. Naturally they got along wonderfully with the scholars.

A steady alliance, and a steady peace we enjoyed, as we joined our forces and talents together and set out to learn of the new worlds before us. We learned from the start that the Terrans possessed no magic. There's was a world of slow cooling, hung over perpetually with the shadow of death, of order, before the binding that is. This must have shaped them, their world bending their minds grotesquely, every attempt made to escape their inevitable doom only serving to reassure them of the promise of their own mortality.

But it led them to great things. Terrible things. I knew that the Terrans experimented. I knew that their leader, Dr. Caine, funneled his ever growing fortune into research and development. I knew that the Terrans, like us, had cleared their ring, purged its evils, and gazed into the convulsing abyss. I had assumed that like us that they had moved on once the deed was done. I assumed so for I am an agent of fire, a wielder of magic. Fire does not stop to understand. It does not think to discover how best to burn. It simply does so, and moves on.

Leading the Lightning Lords I was often among the first of our kind to witness the terrible forces employed by the Terrans. I had seen the way they unmade the world, and the way they learned from it, pulled it back into themselves, adapting reality to suit their needs. I again assumed that it was neither bad nor good, it was simply their nature, the inevitable result of their upbringing in their forever cooling universe.

then I began to recognize the things they did. Small details, hints of horrible design and twisted machinations. I saw memories of the shattered realms. I saw in their technology a mirror into the abyss. Convulsing with it in time. Their armor plating, thick and strong, taking hints of its structure from scourges of the shattered realms. The massive legs and motivators of their machinery reminding me of the scuttling of the beasts I had burned in the ring. Their "bioweapons" that spread like the plagues chronicled in rotting tomes in ancient worlds, devoid of life and consumed by the abyss.

Our philosophers assume that the doorways in the walls of the ring are a test. A barrier to hold back the unworthy from the multiverse. A hint of the void, showing us the folly and error of less temperate worlds, ones doomed hells of their own creations. We met the challenge. We purged the plagues with fire and lightning, cleansed the ring with our might and our magic. But where we had destroyed, they had assimilated.

A sane mind can peer into the abyss for a time, but once it has seen what lies there, felt the echoes of terror that emanate from within, it recoils. But the Terran mind is not one so sane. It is a mind that stares long into the abyss, hears the cries of the damned, and thinks, "Fascinating."

Perhaps they are born of the void, these Terrans; unable to escape the eternal darkness their world was doomed to. Bound to it so tight that given an avenue to escape they would sooner spread it than flee. I can stand by them no longer. I fear I cannot stop their machines and their chemicals. I know not only their ingenuity, but also the horrors they have shaped with it. But they are a force of order. Pure order, the order that knows no dissent nor hears question of its omnipotence. They can be allowed to spread the abyss no further. I will stand against them. I am an agent of chaos.