"You're not allowed to die, okay?" She made me promise, tears still flowing down her face, blood running down her side. "Promise me," she pleaded. Her killer looked at me with a smug grin.
     "What a nice sentiment," he says, raising his sword for another downward thrust. "Too bad he won't be able to keep it!" The point pierced my back, ran all the way through. I screamed in agony. As I arched my back I saw the flames rising from our home, our peaceful little village burning to the ground. 
     My old captain laughed as he pulled his sword out of me. "Well, at least you'll be together in the next life," he said manaically. My view faded to black as he mounted his horse and rode away laughing. 

That was 200 years ago now. I don't know what she did, even if she did anything at all, but my promise still holds strong. Don't get me wrong, there have been some close calls, but none closer than that night.

It was the cleric that found me. He brought me back. Said if he had been even a minute later, it might have been too late. He couldn't save her though. That nearly drove me mad. Twenty years, a fifth of my life up to that point, we were together. I thought it would be to the end of hers, and in a way, it was. I had just hoped for a little longer. 
     Initially I lashed out. Said it was his fault she was dead, that he should have saved her. I wanted more than anything to have her back in my life, for her to come back to hers. It took me to a dark place, one I'm not keen on revisiting. One stormy night I found myself at the top of a cliff, looking down. I had been about to step off when her words echoed in my ear. "You're not allowed to die, okay?
 Promise me." After that, I realized nothing I could do could bring her back. I took to a life of adventuring. I swore to travel the world, making damn sure nobody else had to go through that kind of grief if I could help it. I formed a party, and we set out to defend those who couldn't defend themselves. That's where the aforementioned close calls happened. Multiple times, I was on the brink of death, but just as I was about to give in, her words came to me. "You're not allowed to die, okay? Promise me." Every time I found the strength to keep going. Maybe someday that will end. Maybe someday I'll slip up, get in over my head. But I know when I do, she'll be there. Be there to scold me for breaking my promise. But damned if I didn't try to keep it.