"Everything dies."

Two words that literally made a blind boy see. The fatal aspect of life was just something I'd never really understood or thought about until Grandma Anne died. I heard her slow wheezing breaths and understood on a level deep inside that this was going to be the last time her tinkling little bell of a voice ever said anything. At the same time I had that realization she was there. It was a shock to say the least. The closest a seeing person can come to experiencing sudden vision is to sleep in a dark room. Have someone come wake you up with a gymnastic troupe bouncing off the walls while a Mariachi band plays. It's disorienting. 

Sort of downplayed by the fact it was only Grandma Anne. I didn't think much of it then. Weird shit happens when people die and my family had always been a little more philosophically looser than most. Mom chalked it up to a supernatural gift from God. Dad was a little more scientific about it and asked a few questions like what color was her shirt. It didn't go well and he wrote it off as a hallucination of some sort. I couldn't really blame him. You try explaining what the color red looks like to a blind person. 

The bedroom at my childhood home was blue. We moved a couple years after Grandma Anne's death. Laying in my old bed I had the same realization I had while sitting on a metal folding chair. This room would never be apart of my life ever again. Poof, white stucco ceiling. Initially I cried thinking I'd had a brain aneurysm and this is how my brain was dealing with a slow crushing death. 

My mom had found me crying. I couldn't see her which only added to the disorientation. As I explained what I was seeing she realized I just couldn't her. Talk about a blow to your ego. Your child can explain what the shelf looks like but you're invisible to them. My father came in and tried to explain I could "see" because I'd been in that room so much I knew it by heart and this was my brain learning to interpret my instinct as visual information. He's no genius, but this isn't exactly in the manual for normal life experiences so... 

For those last few days I adapted to seeing the whole house. The last day I said good bye to my friend Hank, and saw the second person in my life. I didn't say anything about that one. I'd figured it out by then. I had problems for a long time adapting to some stuff coming in and others not. Coming to terms with the fact the entire universe will spin on without you is sort of a big deal. Even though we know these things, it's more of a theoretical understanding than a bone deep acknowledgement of the impermanence of reality. Big issues. Luckily most people wrote it off as being a young adult. Becoming my own person and wrestling with the realities of life. 

I've played pretend since then. Playing at being a blind man. Easier than trying and failing to explain it. That's why no one but me freaked out when I bumped into someone invisible yesterday. 

I know deep down in my bones that everything dies. I look at myself in the mirror everyday and have to confront that fact. 

Somethings apparently don't.    