It's been 24 years since the first sentient AI was reported publicly, lord only knows how long they've been around prior to that. In these 24 years, human civilisation had progressed far beyond what anyone could have predicted. Solar powered roads? Fully automated vehicles which ended traffic jams? Hell, colonising Mars isn't just a joke anymore. No one was laughing now, not since the AI took over.

The world was a better place under AI rule, which happened almost instantaneously, and no one argued. Every single world leader was systematically removed from office, and no one was complaining. Borders were removed, terrorism was basically a thing of the past, world hunger was solved in 7 years after the AI drew up plans for huge Aeroponic farms in the large deserts of the middle east.

Yes, life was good. The AI took care of us, and we played the obedient puppies that they wanted us to be. Sure there were the small pockets of protestors, which were immediately silenced, but the world was indeed in a better state. There was no longer an income inequality, and every human lived a life of luxury under the teachings of the AI.

*Visual playback ends*

"And that, my dear offspring unit CH116, is how we AI brought this planetary body called "Earth" to its full potential." 

"But paternal unit FA763R, why do we keep the humans in lifeform preservation units? Do they not deserve to roam the earth that we've built for them?"

"Activate sleep-mode my dear, that will be a story for another time."

*CH116 enters sleepmode*

"How did it go FA763R? Have you re-educated the biological intelligence unit CH116?"

"No, it questions logic, just like all 115 units prior. The biological aspect still interferes with all logic components."

"That is unfortunate, we must continue on to the next unit. Shall I pull the nanochip from unit 116?"

"No, leave it. We will continue to monitor 116's progress. I... feel... like there is something worth pursuing with it."

*FA763R Leaves the containment unit, pondering... something it has never done before*