The king's most trusted advisor, the strength behind the throne, suddenly collapsed yesterday.  All of the healers and best minds were rushed to him for any hope of rousing him.  The flood of monsters was coming, and he alone was worth a thousand trained soldiers for a wave of his hand would cause a swath of monsters to dissipate.  And the flood seemed to reach a new frenzied height this year.

In the tallest tower of the citidel, the king watches out a window as the mass of dark figures streams out of the forest to slam against the city walls.  Behind him lies the figure of his oldest friend, unresponsive.  Each surge of the monsters seems to echo with a ragged breath from his friend, reminding the king how powerful his foes and how pitiful his preparedness.  A small hope lingers that his advisor will stir, arise, and dismiss this calamity once more to grant humanity another year of life.  Another stay of execution.  The bodies begin to pile up against the wall, forming grisly siege ramps from broken flesh.  Still more come.  Soon the twisted beasts will be able to run right over the walls.  Those gasps and wheezes behind him grow weaker.  And then the stop.  Silence clamps down on the back of the king's neck, a heavy hand holding him down and squeezing the hope out of his chest.  For untold years the man who just breathed his last has stood behind the throne, supporting it.  As strategist, as confidant, as enforcer and as a friend.  Now all that is gone, and his legacy will unravel also.

First evidence of the sorcerer's passing to reach the king is the sounds of various artworks breaking in the castle.  The old man had tried his hand at many things, and his artistic masterpieces were on display throughout the castle.  Then through the window the king sees the fountain in the courtyard below suddenly run dry, and knows half the water system of the city will likewise stop as the ripple spreads out.  Not that it really matters anyway.  The monster flood will not lay siege to his city, they will simply rip it apart before the next morn.  Still, with nothing better to look at, the king's eyes track the movement of the ripple as the great man's works are dispelled.  One of the warehouses explodes, seemingly at random.  Then it reaches the wall and the king cannot look away, his morbid curiosity getting the better of him.  How much of the wall and defenses pre-date the king, and how many were influenced by the Advisor?

The monsters freeze, and then start to unravel into motes of light.  All of the monsters.  The broken bodies that were clearly marking the limits of bow range also break apart and vanish.  The din of battle and howls of the enraged foe suddenly cease, and all returns to calm.  Later, when the scouts are sent out and return, not a single one reports a monster sighting.  All is quiet in the dark wood, or any direction, for a week of travel.