"OBSCURITE!"

The voice rouses me from my slumber, and I blink the sleep away from my eyes. 

Time to get to work, I suppose.

"La Obscurité Affamée" is what the humans call us. It means "The Hungry Darkness," or so I've been told. It seems fitting, seeing as not one human who has entered our cave has ever come out.

I catch many unfamiliar scents as I crawl my way up the wall of our cave and towards the entrance, but the two most prominent are smoke and blood. Some of the others had mentioned that there was an army on the move, but we'd all dismissed it as simply more petty human politics, unlikely to cause any harm to the eyrie. Judging by the armored human leaning against the wall of the cave entrance, though, some small ripple has reached us, after all. I can already see Rose, Syria, and Desmond sitting in the usual spot, and I come up to join them, making as little sound as possible. Navigating just beyond where visibility ended and hearing faltered was an essential trait for all of us.

After all, who could imagine what the kingdom of Renya would do if they discovered the fearsome, giant dragon at their border was simply a colony of a hundred and twenty-four drakes no larger than a common housecat?

Rose and Syria both give me anxious looks, while Desmond has his tail raised in the air, our signal for the rest of the population to stay in their hiding places. At my signal, he is ready to drop it and unleash our entire population like a swarm of fiery, hungry crows to tear apart the intruder. I clear my throat, readying my deepest, most intimidating voice and position myself facing into the cave, where the echoes will amplify and reverberate it until it becomes the well-known growl of Obsurite the Hungry.

"WHO DARES SPEAK MY HOLY NAME?"

The human doesn't tremble or falter, though he seems to be placing more and more of his weight against the wall. He is either foolhardy or desperate.

"I am- I WAS a soldier of Renya..." He forces the words out through gritted teeth and heavy breathing. The scent of blood is strong, now. A quick glance to Rose shows her scales glowing a soft pink, the sign that she can smell it as well, and her hunger is growing. Much longer and the bold and hungry among us may give their own signal to descend and feed. "The kingdom has fallen to Luriel's armies... and is no more."

"AND DO YOU COME EXPECTING ME TO GRIEVE WITH YOU?" I call out, trying to sound as impatient as I can. "OR DO YOU PRESUME TO BE WORTHY TO CELEBRATE THE END OF ITS CORRUPTION AT MY TABLE?"

I don't really mean that. Renya had always struck me, personally, as more than the sum of its filthy human inhabitants. There was good reason that no dragon in our eyrie had fallen to a human blade, Renya was a place where relatively few had lowered themselves to the awful lot of "knighthood." They preferred much more to revel in their wealth, leaving generous leftovers and table scraps for any creatures stealthy enough to navigate the dining halls after dark.

"N-no, Obscurite! I- I come..." the human takes a moment to collect himself. "...as tribute!"

Well, this is new. In the past, humans who had deposited livestock or gold at our door had found themselves with sudden bursts of "good fortune" in small and simple ways, but no human had ever given THEMSELVES up for us. It was unprecedented, yes, but I don't even need to look at the other council members to know our answer.

"I WILL NOT TRIFLE MYSELF WITH YOUR PATHETIC WAR-"

"No! Not for war!" The human boldly takes a step forward, holding up a small bundle in his hands. "F-for her..."

I can scarcely believe my ears as the bundle makes a soft cooing sound.

"The princess is all that remains of Renya... The only way that I can save even some small part of it is to save her." He continues, taking another step. He is at the edge of our shadows, and I see Desmond tense, ready to signal attack. I hold up a claw, motioning for him to wait.

"She IS Renya, now... and I vowed to give my life in Renya's protection!" He falls to one knee, coughing harder and harder, and places the swaddled child in the darkness, firmly within our territory. "And so... I give my life... FOR her protection. It is all Renya has left to bargain with."

I am dumbfounded. At a loss, I turn to the other members of the council. Desmond looks thoughtful for a moment, then nods in affirmation. The mercy from him makes sense, given that his own daughter was killed in our exodus from our last home. At this, however, he is given a firm blow upside the head by Syria's tail. She is vehemently shaking her head, nodding towards the knight and snapping her mouth open and shut. She is hungry, and voting the same way she always does: with her stomach.

The vote is tied.

 Rose glances down at the bundle from our place among the stalactites, then looks as if she is about to whisper to me. Her words are cut short, however, as the babe laughs.

It is like the ringing of bells alongside running water, as pure and innocent as a hatchling's white scales.

Rose falters, looking down once again. Her glow dims as her hunger fades, and she simply nods.

I am the Voice. The final decision is mine. If I were to tie the vote again, the needs of the Eyrie for food would take priority.

"Please... spare her..." the human whispers, slumping limply to the floor.

"HUMAN... YOUR HEART IS PURE AND YOUR LOYALTY A PARAGON OF THE VIRTUE. YOU BRING HONOR TO RENYA!" I call out, taking to the air. I land on the ground beside the child, taking the moment to look up at him.

The light is already gone from his eyes, and the warmth from his body. I take some comfort knowing that he died with honor, and before he was ripped to shreds by our hungry swarm. Dying screaming and in pain tends to really take away from one's dignity in their last moments. I drape one wing over the child, signaling that she is not to be touched.

"We, the Hungry Darkness, accept your tribute."

With those words, one hundred and twenty-one hungry dragons come flying out of the cave, each trying to be the first ones to the most tasty and succulent pieces before the human is left a skeleton.

I don't worry about getting my portion, I'll go to the communal food storage later. Instead, I examine the child. Her complexion is pale as a cloud and her hair as golden as sunbeams, and her eyes are the color of the sky we left behind: a blue so bright it makes my eyes hurt.

"You've REALLY gone and done it, this time, Noir..." I hear Syria whisper behind me. "Why take pity on them now? Why show mercy after what they've done to us and our kind? What they've done to YOU?"

"I do only the will of the council's majority. You were outvoted, fair and square." I turn back around to face her, staring straight into her amethyst eyes. I leave my only wing over the child, covering her as best I can. "I am loathe to do it, but I will not go against Des and Rose. Will you?"

Syria stares for another moment, obviously considering challenging all three of us at once. She could likely do it, she was known as the most savage of our hunters before we went into hiding in the caves below Renya, but the fallout would doubtless prove fatal for her as the rest of eyrie moved to protect our precious peace and order.

I know this, and so does she, turning her back to me and flying back into the cave.

"I will NOT help carry her in!"

I shake my head. This decision is obviously going to cost me, but I know that Rose and Desmond will support it, as well.

"An orphan... not only of a family, but of an entire nation! Such a shame..." Rose sighs, landing across from me on the other side of the child. "He didn't even tell us her name."

I look one more time at the child. Her eyes are wide, watching the dragons flying by above her in pure wonder. That is when I'm struck with an idea.

"Yes, he did."

"What? When did-"

"She is all that is left of Renya. She IS Renya." I whisper a sleeping spell beneath my breath, sending the human into a deep slumber. Human hatchlings were known to be noisy, and that kind of screaming at the mouth of the cave would result in echoing for days to come.

"To call her by any other name would be to dishonor the sacrifice made in that name, wouldn't it?"

((Out of time for now, might consider a part 2 if I get any requests.))