Old Man McGuffery, as I called him, was finally, after many centuries, coming to his end.

He had a good run. He battled many foes, saving the Earth from several terrible enemies. He solved many unnatural phenomenon, repairing the Earth as he went along.

But that time is over now.

Magius the Grand, Merlin, Santa Claus, whatever you want to call him by, is on his deathbed, taking in his last few raspy breaths. In a recent scrap with another sorcerer, this man, though he won, had taken a hit by a powerful spell, which took an incredible toll on his old being.  
He laid his weary body down on an ornate stone block, many years ago, as if to be on display. His arms crossed and hair pulled back, and wearing a protective cloak that draped from his shoulders down to his knees.  
He looked entirely at peace with the world, as if only taking a nap.

 However, we know what naturally happens when a sorcerer dies. All of his leftover magic, all of his currently active spells, would dissipate. That worries us. As powerful a protector of the Earth as this man was, as many battles as he fought, what sort of spells did this man leave behind? What sorts of shields or barriers will this man take to the grave as he ceases to be?  

We will soon find out.  
Merlin's weak breathing is ever slowing down, becoming more and more shallow, when finally, he comes to a full rest. He is now no more a sorcerer than a normal human being. He is dead, and so is his magic.

We decided to bury his lifeless body in honor of his services and sacrifice. As we tried to move his body onto a transport, his arms fell to his sides, and to the ground fell a scroll.  

It nearly seemed planned, as if he knew he would die. As the current king of my land, I picked up the scroll and began to read aloud.

> "My comrades, I leave you with this world, to take care of it and raise it well. There are powerful magics, far stronger than my own.

>I am certain that there are fears about my own spells and incantations, and I am ready to reveal, after so many long years, that with my leaving, I take no spells to the grave, for I have cast no spells to last longer than a few minutes, merely to obtain victory in a select few skirmishes among stronger foes.

>However, there is a magic much stronger than my own, a very strong force to be reckoned with. Although my magic is powerful, there is no way better to protect this land than to prepare it for the hardships ahead. I leave you with this knowledge, and suggest you keep your friendships with fellow comrades-..."

I was outraged.

"Seriously? The most powerful sorcerer this corner of the land, and his best advice he can give is that 'friendship is magic'!? That's bloody ridiculous..."