Slowly, as if not to disturb the air my hand was floating through I glide toward the on switch, my anticipation hanging so heavily in the air that you'd need a samurai sword to cut it. I depress the small button switch, I freeze, If this works, I never have to return to my meaningless job, I never have to return to my cold lifeless house that I've called "home" for so long, I can just leave, leave and do the only thing that I have wanted to do for so damn long.
 'Click', as I release the button, the metalic clone of me that I've striven to build and code jumps to life, it startles me, and I jump back into the cabinet I'm standing in front of, there's a sickeningly loud 'CRACK', and I slump to the floor with my head gripped in my hands like a vice. I slowly open my eyes, as my vision fades back from black, to grey, to greyish blobs bobbing over me, I realise, I'm looking into my own face "Guaah!" I reel back as much as one can whilst laying on the floor, the metalic man was inches from my face, "please, please don't get in my face like that, I was half afraid you were going to kiss me, half afraid you were gonna eat me."
"I appologise," it said icily, "I was administering first aid, you seem to have split your head open on the shelving units."
"Yeah, I wasn't expecting you to move the instant I turned your ass on, every time before you had no brain, anyway, I have to get going, you know your purpous?" I asked expecting a simple yes, "I am to run the machiening shop to the bes-" I cut him off "Yeah, yeah, I really have to run, don't call me, just do it yourself." I strode out the door, backpack in hand "This is it, the end of my problems, the beginning of my new life."
Africa was colder at night than I ever thought it could be in the summer, I rolled in my wool blanket, wrapping myself into a woolen burrito, I rubbed my hands together and thought to myself "This is the life, I've been to all seven continents, twice!" 'ping', I roll over, grab my phone and look at the notification I just recieved, "What the hell?" the email read simply: "Your USAA account has been overdrafted." I rolled over, there wasn't anything I could do that night. As I flew over the pacific I wondered what the hell could have caused my primary account to have been overdrafted. "I'm gonna scrap that goddamn robot if he's not doing his job, well, my job." as I strode intently toward my house I see the robotic me sitting in my chair, eating? I kick the door in and scream at the top of my lungs: "WHO THE HELL DO YOU THINK YOU ARE? ME?" he responds in that icy tone I gave him, "Yes." that was not the response I was expecting at all, four cold metal hands shot out of nowhere, gripping my arms as I tried to lunge forward, I get dragged backward toward a small dog cage I use when I would dogsit for my sister, as I'm thrown into it I finally notice what's going on around me, "My god." I exclaim breathlessly, "Did you make all these?" 
"I can't take all the credit, I simply used your schematics and copied my "brain" over to them, the machine shop was a great help for production as well as funding."
"My god." I exclaimed again, there were robotic skeletons walking around the large house I lived in, cleaning, organising, dusting. I reel back as much as one can whilst enclosed in a tiny dog cage, I stare blankly at them all, the only one with skin is the one I had made, I ask in a studdering scentence "w-what are you g-going to do to me?" "We no longer require your presence Dr., I figure I'll take your place in this world."
"My god." I exclaim once more.
"Your god can't save you this time Dr."


This is the first public writing I have ever done in my life, please dont crucify me, however criticism is welcome, I'm not easily offended I want to know what you guys honestly think.