From their conversation, I felt the need to chip in. I knew that most Union member species had been living in space for centuries, relying on cloning vats, food pills, or high-tech hydroponics.  “They eat animals, you know. Like actual, used-to-be-walking-around *animals*, not out of a vat. Barely even gene-modded.” 

The two on the other side of the bar displayed surprise in their own way. The six-limbed lizard flared out the frill around her head, and the robotically-enhanced fishman did a spit-take with the liquid he was pouring into his gills. They'd been at the bar for a while, and we'd all seen the neo-social media flurry around Earth joining the Union. 

“Like, do they take the animals with them? On ships?” slurred the fishman, clearly turning the idea over in his head. “I don't think I've even *seen* an animal. Other than, like, parasites and such. Other species still have them.” His people absorbed plankton through their skins, so the idea of consciously eating was a little odd. 

The reptile took another dainty sip of her cocktail with one hand, while moving the others in complex patterns. The translation device around her neck beeped out, “It's not that weird, Copper-Wire-026. You've gotta be more worldly. Do they swallow them whole like Rippers do, or is it more of a spit-acid-and-slurp-up-the-goop deal?” 

“Neither, man,” I said, feigning amazement, “They cut them up, and put them in fire them with plants and spices.” The lizard bared her teeth and raised the frill again, dribbling a little on the bar. Seeing her fright, I added, “The animals aren't alive at the time, though.” She quickly wiped up the mess with her napkin. 

“Sorry,” her device said sheepishly, “Instinctual threat response. I mean.... I mean, I'm open minded. I *try* to be open minded, you know? But that is fuuuuucked.” Her hands repeated the last sign a few times, stretching out the idea for emphasis.

“And I hear,” I said, dropping my voice to a campfire whisper, waving my hands spookily, “That there's one *in this very bar*...” 

The lizard looked around at the otherwise-empty room, slowly, and snorted a little laugh. She raised the middle finger on three of her hands. 

Copper said, “Wait... whut?” Bar patrons, regardless of species, have a lot in common.