“Wake up, jackass. I’ve got a bone to pick with you.” A sharp voice crushed the silence of the night in her bedroom.

She bolted upright, heart drumming in her chest, and reached for the drawer of her nightstand where the 9 millimeter always sat. She lived alone in a single bedroom apartment in a rough city. There were certain precautious a young woman took.

However, when her fingers finally ripped the drawer open she found there was no pistol inside. 

“Yeah, dumbass, I got it right here.” 

She squinted through the dark at the figure by the end of her bed. He wasn’t the tallest man she’d ever seen, nor the most muscular, and though she couldn’t see his face clearly the curve of his jaw in the moonlight was soft and smooth. There was something about him even as he spun her pistol around in his hand that instilled a strange sense of security.

“Who are you?” She asked.

“We’re not talking ‘bout me you lousy snitch.” He folded his arms irritably, “Why’d you have to check the number, huh?”

“The number?” She wiped her eyes sleepily and tried to bring her drowsy mind up to speed. 

“Yes the number! 278! Why’d you have to go and spread something like that around? Are you stupid or something?” He yelled. 

“Who are you?” She griped back, his tone and insults beginning to dig in. “Why do you care how many times I’ve almost died?”

“Because I was hired to kill you, you spork.” He threw his hands up with exasperation, “I’m an assassin for crying out loud.”

A moment passed in the darkness of the apartment, the only sound that of the old analogue clock ticking on the wall. 

“Wow,” she whispered, “you’re a terrible assassin.” 

“Oh yeah, bimbo brain? Well now that you’ve gone and pissed off my boss you’ve got another one coming for you. He ain’t as friendly either, baby.” He gestured around animatedly with the gun in hand. 

“Why are you telling me this?” She asked, a bit of fear finally scratching through the strange calm she felt around the intruder.

He sighed, scratching the back of his head, and answered, “If anyone’s gonna kill you it’s gonna be me. Now get up and get some clothes on. We need to move.” 