I sat on the toilet in the women's bathroom with pursed lips, the beads of sweat rolling over my forehead in small rivulets to my eyebrows. I'd be getting gray hair from this, I knew it. This place, this Area 51 job, I took it thinking they were trying to remove me after the whole crunch bar fiasco. Finding out such a place was real? That was a shock, the same as finding out that the crunch bar scandal was actually just me scratching a metaphorical ice berg of secrets. Secrets which up until now were either harmful but contained, harmless but under supervision or up until several minutes ago, completely locked down without anyone to see or speak of it.

"Fucking Janet." I uttered quietly through my breath.

Janet, along with the 49 other employees, plus myself, were NOT allowed to speak the name. We simply referred to him as "Dark One" or Done, or Dee One. Now the dark one was loose because Janet, putting in her two weeks notice, just refused to take this job with a modicum of respect. She invoked the name which must not be said and now? Now I sat here, a man of 57, three times divorced, two of which were government sanctioned marriages, in a women's bathroom. I took the sticky note off the wall. The stall was decommissioned years prior, left to stand as a small testimony to the person who died both relaying this number as well as a testament to our failing budget. Thank god for the Men in Black movies, if not for them there would've been no end to the cuts from the administrations. 

I left the women's restroom in haste, I took a moment to at least wipe my brow for obviously the end of times was stressful for all of us. It doesn't rain blood every day and worse off, Janet had locked herself in the break room demanding to be crowned Queen of in her words "This Fucked Gay Earth." We don't get enough money for this job honestly. I picked up the phone at my desk, holding the age old note in my hand and dialed the number.

"Hello." came an Indian voice.

"This is Wendell, I'm sorry to disturb. We've unfortunately woken up an ancestral dark lord who wishes to end the universe." I muttered.

"Please speak clearly sir, I'm having trouble understanding you." said the Indian.

"My name is Wendell Fredrich and I'm calling to say we woke up a dark god. If we do not receive help, the world is doomed." I said clearly.

"Ah, okay hold on a moment." said the Indian.

Smooth jazz quietly played through the receiver. Plates broke in the background, outside the windows, in the midst of a blood storm, small fiery demons tapped at the bulletproof glass that was my scenic desert view. The fact that it'd come soooo far from this, all because of Janet just having a bad day at work. The lives cost alone is unrivaled, the millions of people displaced.

"Hello Wendell, are you still there?" said the Indian.

"Yes I am." I replied.

"So, we're figured out the issue. Did you open up Internet Explorer willingly or was it a user error?" said the Indian.

"Someone clicked it on purpose." I replied, "She's quitting in two weeks."

"Right then. Don't worry, we'll get this fixed in a couple seconds." said the Indian, "You do realize we will have to charge you for the call though. It's not every day someone does this on Windows 2000 IE6."

I nodded, "Whatever it takes before the world is destroyed."

"Right, annnd hold on a small moment." said the Indian.

The demons vanished in a small poof, followed by the blood rain instantly coming to a halt. The world quickly turned back to a blue and sunshiny hue.

"Right then, whomever decided this was their way of paying you back, I hope you handle them correctly. We wish not to have to do this a second time." the Indian replied.

"Thank you." I said.

"Thank you for calling Windows Immediate Support Hotline, we of course appreciate your patronage and wish you a restful and joyous day. Your payment will be billed to the number from which you called. My name is Dinesh, this call was monitored for quality assurance standards. Good bye."

I pinched the bridge of my nose and hung up. Janet would have to be sent to HR before we could get her paperwork filed properly.