“You’re late, Ivan.”

I squinted, trying to figure out who was talking to me. The courtyard was bright, way too freaking bright, and my head already felt like it was going to burst.

“Let me guess. Hungover?” the voice asked again. “Or still drunk?”

“Both,” I muttered hoarsely, throwing myself into one of the unoccupied marble benches. “Is that possible?”

“If anybody could manage that, it’d be you, cousin.”

I recognized the speaker now, as he came under the shadow near my bench. Telemachus Finch, one of the dozen or so cousins that I actually knew by name.

“Forgot that today was the Selection, didn’t you?” Tel jibed, smiling like an asshole as I hid my eyes from the sun again. The whole freaking temple courtyard was made out of white marble, like it was designed to torture a man with a headache.

“Pfft,” I snorted. “Like it was important enough to forget. It’s just Tuesday, far as I’m concerned. I can sleep off a hangover as easily in this courtyard as I can at home.”

The Selection. What a joke. As if there was any real doubt which of King Dorian’s three hundred grandchildren was going to succeed him. Sure, there were five or six families with a decent shot at taking the throne and everything that went with it, but the rest of them were just there for show. Go to the temple, get assigned some useless minor god, maybe the Lord of Woodcarving or something equally stupid, and then enter the ‘Trials of the King.’ Which most of them would lose on purpose to avoid dying to the guys who got backed up by Thor or Horus, and go home.

It was a pain in my ass, that was it. Waste of a perfectly decent day.

Telemachus finally left me alone after a few more hangover jokes and I managed to get a bit of shut-eye as the tortuously slow process went on. Dozens of people were crammed into the front courtyard of London’s Temple of the United Pantheons, and I had to wait for all of them to get called into the inner sanctum before I got to go. Perks of showing up two hours late, I guess.

My head was actually feeling WORSE by the time the priestess called out ‘Ivan Bogdanovich’ and I rolled off my bench and into the Temple. For the first time in forever, I actually prayed as I stepped into the sanctum, but it was just prayers that the Selection would be over quickly. Just sit in the stone chair behind the altar, wait for some bullshit sign, a flash of fire or more likely the faint smell of cow manure to signal the approval of Lord Whatever, God of literal Bullshit.

The priests did their thing, chanting and waving and stuff, as I ascended the high altar and settled into the great stone chair, fervently regretting those three last shots of vodka.

Everything went white.

And I mean EVERYTHING. Floor, ceiling, columns between them…the entire temple, even the freaking chair I was sitting on, vanished. It was just me, standing on nothing, in an empty white void.

Me and the guy at the desk.

He was forty, maybe forty-five, with black hair combed into the strictest part I’d ever seen and a small pair of round black sunglasses perched on a razor-sharp nose. Rhythmic tap-tap-tapping sounded from the top of the huge mahogany desk between him and I, where his fingers danced across an old-fashioned adding machine that spat out a constant stream of thin white paper.

“Um. Hi,” I managed, looking around in surprise. Physical manifestations were supposed to be super rare, especially for guys like me that didn’t have a shot at the throne.

“Yes, yes, what is it?” the man snapped, not looking up. “Some kind of festival, I presume? You sacrificed a goat or something to come beg me to spare your children for the winter?”

“Not…really,” I replied slowly, shielding my eyes against the bright whiteness of the void. It was even worse than that stupid temple.

“My name’s Ivan Bogdanovich. Ninth son of Bogdan, the…thirty-first, I think, son of King Dorian of the British Isles. I’m here to ask for your protection, or support, or whatever, in the Trials of the King.”

There were a bunch of formal words and rituals that I was supposed to use if I came face-to-face with my patron god, but I’d never bothered to learn them. Not that I was worried, really; anybody low enough on the totem pole to get stuck with me wasn’t exactly going to be a ‘smite-the-infidel’ kind of deity.

The man at the desk froze. Stopped moving, stopped typing, stopped BREATHING, as far as I could tell. Like a mannequin behind the window in a Savile Row tailor, he sat still for one of the longest moments I’ve ever experienced, before he finally spoke.

“Shit.”

The void blurred, and then the man was standing directly in front of me, glaring from behind those midnight-black glasses. I stumbled back in sheer surprise, an electric tingle of fear racing up my spine. He had not seemed all that fearsome, sitting behind his desk, but the sheer force of that look could’ve split stone.

“Is this a joke?” he demanded, cool and precise. “Anansi, if that’s you hiding in a disguise…!”

“Uh, nope,” I mumbled, starting to feel like I should have been more respectful this whole time. “Just me. Ivan Bogdanovich. Your, um. Your Greatness.”

“Hm.”

The man took a step back, one long and delicate finger laid over his thin lips as he looked me up and down, reading something that I couldn’t begin to guess. All I could really do was hope that he wasn’t judging on smell, because I still stank like the double whisky I’d spilled all over my jacket the night before.

“How many heirs did King Dorian leave?” he demanded suddenly. “Children, grandchildren, anybody participating in this Trial of yours. How many?”

“Three hundred and fifty-nine,” I rattled off automatically. Ol’ Grandpa D had been inordinately proud of his…*productivity.* Even before he died, the propaganda department had plastered every bus stop and Tube station in London with posters bragging about how many heirs would compete to succeed our ‘beloved’ leader.

“Oh,” the man replied, falling back to lean on the lip of his desk, arms folded neatly. “That’s a problem.”

“Problem?” I repeated, heart sinking. Mother was never going to forgive me if I got murdered by my *own patron,* before the Trials even started in earnest.

“Yes,” he confirmed, pinching the bridge of his nose. “My agreement to participate in this foolishness came with the condition that I be allowed to choose my champion dead last. I never actually expected that you would make it to the bottom of the list.”

“Okay, but what’s the problem?” I persisted, confused. “Look, I don’t want to be here any more than you do. Just plop me back in the Temple, I’ll forfeit the Trial, we both go home. Simple.”

“The problem, Mister Bogdanovich, is that this is a game with stakes beyond which human sits in a gaudy chair,” the man replied. “Those entities that play, gain or lose power to match the performance of their champion. I cannot afford to lose. The universe itself cannot afford me to lose.”

“Why?”

“Because I am Death,” he declared, taking down his glasses to reveal far colder and blacker pits beneath. “And like it or not, you are going to be King.”