The dawn cracked once again, brushing away the last red remnants of the apocalypse, bathing the ruined nations with its tender golden tint, caressing the faces of the four men that stood amidst the ruins, watching the sunrise with heaving chests and bright smiles.

One of them strayed from the group, headed to a vast depression full of colorful rocks, opalescent algae, and sunken ships. "There was water and life here before the battle," he said, and touched the sand beneath him. "And so, with my last lifebeats, I shall bring the water back to where it once was."

After his words, as if on cue, the clear morning was covered in a single, endless storm cloud. The rain gushed out of it, as if it held waterfalls instead of raindrops, slowly filling the places where the creeks, rivers, seas, and oceans used to be.

The one with the charred and mighty afro gazed at the ruination before his eyes. The cities were reduced to scattered boulders, cracked streets, and dead trees. "No creature should witness this landscape," he said and sat on a stool before an empty canvas. He dug out a brush and a palette full of colors. Then, he painted patiently as if time didn't exist.

With each stroke, something rose. In time, the cracks were mended, the boulders flew back to where they belonged, and the trees bloomed in the brevity of a breath.

"My last work, my masterpiece." He held his breath and released it in a lingering, heartfelt gasp. His gaze lost in the beautiful golden-bathed city encompassing him.

"That's breathtaking, Bob," a man holding puppets in his hands. "It's my turn now."

He sat on the ground, and there he gazed at the emptiness of the streets, heard the lacking laughter echoing through them, and shed a tear. "Life is not life without laughter and happiness. Bob, Mr. Rogers, I beg you, sing along with me."

Soon, their three voices billowed through the streets. They were colorful, harmonious, perfectly in tune. They wavered as they went, and in their wake, countless teeny spheres of light rose from beneath the ground, and crumbled into bright, glittering piles of dust, falling gently onto the ground.

Those little mounds quivered, and exploded, sending never-ending grains flying to the air. String-thin tendrils burst out of each one of them, meeting the others, until they were all interconnected in the shape of men and women. Then, a blinding light burst from the empty spaces between them, and once the flash left eyes of the three singing men, people now stood in the streets, confused, but live nonetheless.

"My job here is done," Bob said, and stowed back his brush and canvas.

"Mine is too," the one with the puppets replied, and turned the puppets to Mr. Rogers. 

"Will you come with us, Mr Rogers?" the puppet said, with an adorable, high-pitched voice.

"I will stay," Mr. Rogers said. "It's my turn to teach them how to love."

--------------------------------
      
r/NoahElowyn 