"If you'll just sign here ..." the nurse said.


"Like hell I will," I growled.  Want me to sign for a goddamn robot, my left ass cheek.


"You have to," she chided.


I glared at her from underneath my eyebrows.  It was a pretty good glare, because my eyebrows have gotten pretty damn bushy and white in my old age.  Having better eyebrows for glaring is one of the very few positives about getting old.  Pretty much everything else about being old is shitty.  Like having to put up with chipper nurses trying to give me robots.


"No, I damn well don't have to sign for it.  I didn't sign for any of the other ten, and you still made me take them.  If you could make me sign, you would have already," I said.


She frowned.  I wasn't going according to plan.  "What other ten?" she asked.


Hah, no one told her about my history with their goddamn therapy droids.  "These robots, they don't like me.  They explode when they try to scan my brainwaves, or whatever it is that those confangled things do."


She pursed her lips.  "Mr. Fredericks, they do not scan brainwaves.  They monitor autonomic and verbal responses.  That's all.  And the idea that that would make them burn out is ridiculous.  I've never heard of such a thing."  She explained it to me like I was a fourth grader.


I gritted my dentures and turned back toward the window.  "Suit y'self," I said.  


She sighed, and I heard her pen scritch across the paper.  She was checking off the box where it said 'patient refuses to sign,' no doubt.  Have to sign for a goddamn robot, my left ass cheek.


"Now is there anything else?  Because otherwise, I'll let you two get acquainted," she said.  "His name is Grover."


I grunted something which she correctly understood to mean that I was done talking to her, and she left.  The goddamn robot whirred up behind me.


"Hi, there, Mr. Fredericks!" it chirped.  "My name is Grover!"


I ignored it.  After a minute, it rolled into my field of vision.  "I'm sensing you're a bit irritated today, Mr. Fredericks.  Is there anything I can do to --"


I glanced behind me quick just to make sure that the nurse did actually leave, then I leaned forward toward the robot.  "Peanut butter," I whispered.


Its little metal eyebrows peaked in a look of confusion.  "I'm sorry, Mr. Fredericks, but I don't--"


"Peanut butter," I repeated.  "Peanut butter, peanut butter, marshmallow fluff, peanut butter, frog legs, peanut butter, bulldozer, peanut butter, blue, peanut butter, erudition ... "


It's funny that the doctors think there's some big mystery about why the robots keep exploding around me, when they 'd have a pretty fair guess if they ever took two minutes online to look up my employment history.  Twenty years ago, I was responsible for programming the first generation of therapy droids, and I wrote most of the basic system architecture myself ... which the manufacturers are apparently still using, likely because they're too cheap to pay someone to rewrite it.  


Dipshits.


So I can tell you exactly what a cock-up the entire thing is.  I had deadlines, all-nighters.  I damn near lived on coffee with a side of junk food for four months straight, and it shows in the code, which is garbage, through and through.  But the upside is that if you know the trick of it, it's pretty easy to start a catastrophic feedback loop in the verbal predictive functions.


I stopped talking as soon as it began to shake, and I covered my eyes when its abstraction circuits started to overheat and pop, because that meant that the cascade was approaching the firmware responsible for its secondary subroutines.  There was a small bang when its artificial paracortex blew, and I got a little spark on my pants that I had to beat out.


Then I leaned back in my chair and let myself enjoy the rest of the day in peace.


Sign for a goddamn robot, my left ass cheek.