She couldn't believe it. *She* was to be treated like a prisoner? After 12 years of service, she deserved better. It didn't matter that it was for a job. No one in their right mind needed to pull out a prisoner like that! The bureau already knows he had committed countless murders, even inside 'the world.' But here she was, at intake, posing as a prisoner -- waiting to be miniaturized. 

"Come on, move along 551071", the guard cajoled, prodding her in the back. They even gave her a damn prison number. 

She filed out into a small room with several other prisoners. Looking around, she could see several cameras. The guards placed everyone in precise spots in the room, then left." *Oh god, here it comes.* But it didn’t start immediately. Instead, she heard a crackle.

"For your own safety, stand in the circles indicated on the floor," a guard announced over the speakers. "We will not be held responsible if you die after being partially mini'd." 

Out of the corner of her eyes, she noted a heavily tattooed man, pushing his hips out over the line. She rolled her eyes.

"Any part outside the circle, *will* be cut off," the voice continued. 

The man pulled himself back in. His face reddened as everyone stared at him. *Disgusting.*

In the background she heard a whirring sound, slowly getting louder. It began to whine shrilly. She wanted to put her hands up to her ears, but she couldn't move. The sound kept growing, deafening. She closed her eyes and clenched her teeth. Then there was a pop. *Did something go wrong?*

She opened her eyes up. The room was the same size. She thought it must be a trick. Guards walked into the room and grabbed each prisoner, moving them back outside. 

"First, no it's not a trick. We get that question a lot here in the Alternate World for the Criminally Inclined," a man with a noticeable British accent announced ahead of him. 

A window slid open, and she could see outside. She was still in the real world, but everything was gigantic. Her heart began to race. 

“Second, I am Warden Joseph Davis,” the man continued. He wore a dark uniform, well tailored.  “You may call me Warden or Warden Davis. Anything else will be met with punishment. That said, it is a rare occasion you will see me. Except for those on death row, it is likely none of you will meet me again.”

“Ok, *baldy.*” It was the same prisoner from before. He was looking right at the warden’s bald head, which was surrounded by a ring of puffy white hair.

The Warden looked over at a guard, and without a word, he heard the snap of a tase wand hitting the prisoner. The man screamed and fell to the floor.

“There’s always one in every group,” Joseph smiled. “Now, you will each be given separate entry points into The World, in case animosity has arisen between any of you on your journey here. And you each will be given a welcome package. I suggest you be ready to guard it. They’re quite valuable. I wish you all luck in your new lives.”

With that, the guards began pushing the other prisoners through the hall. They all walked forward slowly, except for the tattooed man who was being dragged. But her guard wasn’t moving. The doors slid shut. 

“Agent Casey I presume?” Joseph asked.

“That’s me,” she answered nervously. 

“I don’t like the idea of sending agents into The World. It is difficult to survive there, and it is even more difficult to escape — even with permission. If the prisoners even get a whiff that you intend to escape, it will be a riot.”

“I don't like the idea of going in, but what choice do I have?"

"I can't imagine what the director has over you."

She looked away, then changed the subject. "My dossier said in The World they had set up safe and stable communities? How does a guy like Denroe exist in there?”

“Oh, there are a few of those, yes, but the other areas are extremely dangerous. We didn’t have the funds to make a replica of Earth, as you know, so its considerably smaller than intended and far less pleasant. There are only three continents, and all of them are small. This is both good and bad for your mission. You will not need special transportation to find your target, and I can have you inserted close by. But everyone will know you're new.”

“I suppose there is no getting around that.” 

Joseph smiled. “You are doing a brave thing. Against my better judgment, I have included some weapons in your care package. Keep them hidden, and bring them back out with you. The last thing this place needs is more tools for violence. Also…” He nodded to the guard.

The guard pulled out a device and placed it on her arm. She heard a whoosh sound and felt a sharp pain. “Damn!” she cried, looking at her arm. Instead of bare skin, a small flat button could be seen. 

“It’s to let us know when you want out. If you do, press the button 6 times in a row near a gate. Lose it and you’re a prisoner forever,” he warned ominously. 

“Yes, sir.”

“Very well, unfortunately for appearances sake, from here on out I must treat you like a prisoner. Good luck with your mission.”

“Thank you. Denroe is extremely dangerous. I’ll need all the luck I can get.”

The door slid open, and the guard again began to violently prod her back. 

“Move it, prisoner!” he yelled. 

She stepped through, and the door shut behind her. 

[Edit: I cleaned up a few grammar things, and made a piece of dialogue make more sense.]