(Camera 1-b. Room 3 (kids room)
"player 2 has entered the game"
The bright lights flood the room.  The tall man in the cargo pants raises his forearm to shield his eyes and points his gun directly ahead. All around him he can hear the steel curtains slamming down. His finger's on the trigger, he's listening for a target,  he braces for impact...nothing. no one there.  He waits for his eyes to adjust and slowly begins to scan for anything that makes sense.  There's an empty bed. A few toys scattered about, posters on the wall and a slightly open door leading into a dark hallway. He makes his way to the bed.  He crouches down behind it, the gun still out. Plastic. The bed is plastic.  The sheets, the pillow, everything is one whole piece. "What kind of barbie doll house shit is this?" He hears someone sobbing nearby. Suddenly the room goes dark and a dim light turns on in the hallway. 

(Camera 22-c. Room 5 (kitchen) 
"Player 2 has entered the game"
*The room is empty*


(Camera 13-a. Room 2 (Living room) 
What the FUCK is going on?! Hellllooo??!! I..I..im sorry. Just let me out, ok? I already told you, man. It was that fat bitch. That fat prostitute bitch who told me about this house. Said, that itd be an easy score...just..please...i didn't mean ...look, man, hellooooo!? Fuck.."
He makes his way out of the dark room. Holding a kitchen knife in trembling hands. The lights still leading the way. His name is bryan, with a y and his throat is drier than its ever been.  He creeps slowly into a hallway. Suddenly the lights go out and He cries as a steel curtains close down in a room nearby "...please"  

(Camera 13-a. Room 6 (garage)
The room is empty apart from a group of rats gnawing on a shoe. A severed foot lies nearby. 


(Infrared Camera 1. Room 1. (The basement)
There are no lights in this room.  What there is is Something that sounds a lot like a lock unlatching and chains falling to a metal floor.  Still in darkness,  you can hear something shuffle slowly across the room.  There, it stops at the feet of the stairs.  Stairs that lead into a hallway. No, There is nothing down here but darkness... and a distinctive sound that sounds alot like someone or something  muffling laughter. 
