God was bored. Yet again. He decided to load up an old save on one of his favorite reality games called 'creation ; game of the year edition'. He loaded up his old file named giant lizard rampage planet and began looking for some of his favorite creations. He knew that in this game the clock would keep running and things could change and evolve on their own but what he saw would have shocked him if he were still capable of being shocked by anything at all.

"Holy shit what do we have here?" God barely managed to choke out without spewing his delicious ambrosia with extra cream and sugar down the front of his robes. "It looks like I've been away for waay longer than I thought. Where the hell are my t rexs? I spent forever on those." he complained. 

God had really taken his time on this file. Really put his creativity and elbow grease into making these giant death lizards but instead of seeing his huge, scaly killing machines there were nothing but weak tiny apes as far as the eye could see. God had spawned on one of his favorite areas in the game. A place he liked to call "shit-hole swamp" where some of his biggest meanest creations came to battle and screw. God spent many an evening watching giant lizards kill each other and screw each other, in that order, and even an all powerful immortal creator of the heavens and earth doesn't enjoy change he didnt bring about. 

"This wont do at all" God mumbled as he loaded up his map and a log of the activity that occurred while he was away. "What the hell is a New York? I dont even know where old York is" he said as he began digging through the event log. 
"Motherfucking meteor random event. Son of a bitch. Of all the save files that shit had to happen to it happens to my precious murder lizards. Now I have this stupid file swarming with some kind of apes the behave like ants. Hold up . . . " God said as an alert indicating a battle taking place caught his attention. 

Far down below two men heavily armed and armored burst into the busy street in front of a bank firing at police and SWAT officers. The officers returned fire but none of it penetrated the two men's armor. 

"Fuck you all! If Im going to hell Im bringing all of you with me!" the taller of the two men yelled at the top of his lungs as he lit the fuse to a pipe bomb and threw it into a several law enforcement vehicles being used as cover by the police. Moments later there was a huge explosion and God knew that several ant monkeys had just perished. 

God pressed pause. "Maybe these ant apes, as I call them, can be entertaining after all. Also I need to look into this Hell place that monkey mentioned." He said as he searched for his second favorite type of alerts.  There were many results. "Looks like they are proficient in screwing as well as battling each other for no good reason. Maybe even better than my murder lizards. Maybe shit hole swamp hasn't changed that much after all. And to think I was about to reset this file. I can always reset it to my primordial ooze save tomorrow if these lil monkeys start to bore me." God said as he pressed unpause and zoomed into some strange orgy where the participants were dressed up as odd animals that must have come into existence while he was playing outside, after his precious death lizards were killed. "Hahaha their screwing is definitely more entertaining than those enormous legged snakes I made." God said as he loaded his save to rename the file.
He edited it to say:
Hairless Ape Planet, Formerly Giant Lizard Planet.


This is the first and only writing prompt/fictional writing I have ever done.