Day 47 of the RLG (Real Life Games) experiment
Monopoly: day 1.

I never knew games could be so cruel. Serving as a Bishop with the Royal White Army meant I had long-range vision, though my powers were nothing compared to our mighty Queen. Making matters worse, that lowly peon of a PAWN kept blocking my way.

The peon shrugged. "It's what the master wants," they'd say. And of course they were right. The master sees all. Knows all. I am simply a soldier at their use... In the end, our mighty Queen swooped in to win the day, but I played a very important role in pinning of the evil Rooks in place...

Battleship was worse, though. We're a ship on the open water. WHY AREN'T WE MOVING? There's enemy fire all around us and our captain just wants to SIT HERE?! "Be calm," the Captain said, "we're not sunk until the enemy finds us. Stealth wins the day!"

Easy for him to say when his ship needs four hits. I really felt for my research partner, whom I was told got placed on the USS Destroyer... We heard the code phrase for success over the intercom some hours later. Until the announcement, though, no one knew when or if the bombing would kick off again.

And then there's Life. People call it a 'Game', of course, but a game requires interesting choices. Things to do. Progress to be made. OK, well the last one is true. In any case, I was forced into the driver's seat of a car I had no idea how to drive and told to choose between 'Business' and 'University'... How am I supposed to know which is better for me? This path is so windy I can barely see where I'm going on the next space, much less 10 spaces... I chose 'University' because, hey, I started this experiment to learn...

Then I met her.

The girl of my dreams.

The pink peg.

Beautifully shaped. Curves in all the right places. Snuggled up next to me in that car...

The next thing I know, we're married (still in the car, strangely) and a beautiful little boy appeared in the back seat. That's *not* how I remember playing the game as a player, but OK...

That beautiful pink peg and I finished the game with hundreds of thousands of dollars, the richest players by far. I'm in the middle of stuffing this money in my pockets and bags when I feel something strange...

Wait, what's happening? No. No! NOOOO!!!

I've been transformed into a small metal Top Hat. My hundreds of thousands of dollars, all gone. My beautiful pink peg, PLUCKED from the car and carelessly thrown into a bag... DON'T YOU MANHANDLE HER! DON'T YOU LOOK AT HER THAT WAY!

I'm now staring a endless square field, the likes of which I've yet to see. Chess, at least, had alternating spaces and dozens of other pieces. Here, nothing. I have no idea how long I'll be here, how I'll survive, and if I'll ever see my beloved pink peg again.

I am resigned to my fate. At least in Life I felt like I was making progress towards the end. This game, apparently, is just one big loop. You just keep seeing the same places over and over again, and the whole area gentrifies as it goes. The Racecar looks ready to run me over, while the Iron promises to leave its mark on every space it touches. The Thimble looks as scared as I, so naturally I hop over.

"Erm, hi. This is weird."

A familiar voice comes from somewhere inside that metal shell.

Pink peg. 

She's here with me! Sort of.

"At least we're together. *Nothing* will come between us, right?"

"Right."