You've got to be a special kind of crazy to dig up dragon eggs.

Most of the people from my village are missing a foot, or a leg, or a family member because of those fucking things.  30 years the war's been over, but here I am, still digging the bastards up.

Some people try to use machines to find buried eggs; some people have tried to train rats to sniff them out..  Me?  I lie on my belly and use a two foot drinking straw.  Huh?  Yes, with the little accordion bit near the end.  Makes a good handle.

I start on one side of a field and go grid by grid.  Methodical, like.  Really, I spend most of the day on my belly.  What you do is slide the straw into the ground ahead of you, really gentle.  Now sometimes you hit a root.  Sometimes it's a rock.  Sometimes it's a dragon egg.  I guess I've got the knack for telling the difference because I'm still here to tell you about it.  I can't explain - it's something about the sound the air moves in the straw when pressed against an egg.  Three students didn't get it, and that's why I don't teach any more.  Push too hard, crack the egg.... well, you won't have to worry about your cleaning bill.

Once you find what might be an egg, you gotta dig it up reeeal careful like.  I find it best to use a small gardening spade and my hands.  Don't get fancy, just get it done.

Spring and fall are the best times to dig.  I prefer overcast days for this work because lying in the sun for hours is the suck.  Monsoon season softens the ground and makes them easier to unearth.  It also makes me  but every time I put a marker where I found one the flag falls over.  So that leaves less than half the year.

Most of them are between 2 and 10cm underground.  Sometimes they're just lying there, exposed!  Nobody local goes out in those fields until I'm done, and some of them have been unused since the war before last.

Close calls?  I remember... must be two months ago?  I'd just started clearing a hay field when a wild pig came out of the brush not ten feet away.  I look at her.  She looks at me.... and then she wanders out across the field.  There I was on my belly yelling at a pig to get back.  *boom*.  When I got back to camp they thought I was a ghost: dirt all down one side, pork blood all down the other...

I know the animal rights activists are a powerful lobby, but personally I think the world would be a better place without them or their dragons.  Close minded PETA "from my cold dead hands" dickwads.  Show me even one of 'em that's spent an afternoon here with the horseflies, the beating sun, and these relics.

The cracked dragon eggs are easiest.  No danger to anyone.  The worst are the ones that have rotted.  I saw a guy once try to defuse an egg that was rotten... gas ate both his hands and most of his hair.  He forgot to do the test, see.  Shake it gently and if it sloshes you've got a bad one.

Anyways, I got more stories to tell but I have the rest of this rice paddy to do today and a cloud just passed over the sun SO if you'll excuse me, I got to be getting back to it.  Unless you care to join me?  I can get you a straw.... maybe next time, then.