On my back I bear the sacred sign of *oskar*, as did my father and my father's father: a totem of the golden man we are sworn to protect.  Inside the golden man is a single gram of *gravitanium*, element 141, which forms only at the center of black holes.  The sample is exactly the same size and shape of a grain of sand. 

Gravitanium, known for centuries among spellcasters as *stardust*, is widely sought-after for its use in love spells (owing to its ability to draw the desired one closer and closer to the spellcaster.)  The origin of its use in magic can be traced to a single man, the nefarious *Leonardo di Caprio,* an skilled spellcaster wanted for several serious crimes against magic.  The story of how di Caprio came to gravitanium is thus:

In the 11th century, in Florence, di Caprio was an arrogant young spellcaster who fell in love with the daughter of a lord.  She would not have him because of his low station, so Leonardo traveled the world in search of a magical substance the would draw her in helplessly.  In Siberia, he discovered gravitanium by watching the native *esquimos* use it at night to draw heat into their beds.  He quickly realized that gravitanium was exactly what he needed, and brought it back with haste to Florence.  

Unfortunately, the lady had already married someone else by then.  

In his petulant anger, Di Caprio flung the gravitanium into the sea.  Incredibly heavy, it sank to the bottom in just a few seconds and was lost forever.  Said Leonardo: "no problem; there's plenty more where that came from."

But there wasn't.  As word of its power spread among magic folk, gravitanium began to disappear from the face of the Earth.  In Siberia, handfuls of it were raked off the snow and pushed into shimmering, black piles.  They were gone before Leonardo arrived, paid for in gold by an undisclosed party.

Year after year, century after century, Leonardo sought the substance, but it eluded him.  Things got even worse for Leonardo during the renaissance, when it was discovered that, held in the hands of an artist's model, gravitanium allowed painters to "fall into their subjects" while painting them - a  kind of deep pinpoint focus that allowed artists to reach new heights.  And all the while, Leonardo's answer grew.   

  

 