FADE IN:


EXT. NORTH POLE - NIGHT


SANTA looks at his magically short list. ELVES in gas masks are packing up the minimally loaded sleigh. 5 Reindeer stand idle. The northern lights glow a faint dark green and red. 


SANTA:
One thousand, two hundred and nine total. That’s 32 more people than last year.


Santa runs his leather-covered hands across RUDOLPH’s back. 


SANTA (CONT’D):
People are beginning to have hope again, Rudolph. That’s why we have to continue our mission. Even if... the naughty outnumber the good.

Rudolph readjusts its footing, lowing in pain. 
Santa’s magical list flairs in sprites. The list compresses as 3 names fade away. 


ELF 1 : Should I--


Santa sighs. 


SANTA: Yes, take them off.


Elf 1 chucks two wrapped presents off the sleigh. They dematerialize into the wind. Elf 1 looks at Santa, then away removing his gas mask. 


ELF 1
Santa, seems like they killed that lone wolf to survive on his supplies. Maybe they could use--


Santa pivots swiftly, facing the elf. 


SANTA: Have I ever made an exception? 

ELF 1
No. Sorry, Nick.

Santa’s eyes water as other names begin fading off the list. 


SANTA: I’m sorry, but when we begin turning on each other--


Santa rolls up the list. 


SANTA (CONT’D)
 -we become the monsters that got us to this point.


Santa takes a glance at the almost cowering reindeer.


SANTA (CONT’D): I don’t want to encourage a world where those types thrive... 


A glacier peak in the distance cracks. The booming sound ripples across the groaning ice. The glacier slouches into the earth.


Santa wipes sweat across his forehead, proceeds to unbuckle his worn belt. 


He heaves his coat off himself and onto the sleigh. He reaching into the coat pocket.


His tan sleeves roll up exposing his speckled, peeling pink skin.
Santa brings forth a framed picture of a beautiful lady by the fireplace wearing his hat. He stares.


SANTA (CONT’D): Besides...


Santa rolls down his sleeves.


SANTA (CONT’D)
I’m not sure how much longer I can make in-person appearances.

 
The elves give a half-hearted giggle. A couple of the giggles turn into coughs. 


Santa takes a last glance at his list. 


Black ink bleeds into the magical parchment spelling out a new name. 


A half-grinned Santa looks up towards the glowing northern lights.