I read the inscription upon my knife again, and quietly chuckled.

I thought of my old rifle, the one from India. Such a bastard to use that one; pour the powder, drop the round, compress, pull the hammer back, so inconvenient. I thought of the people, those we in our mighty greatness thought we were helping, as we stripped them of their culture and their religion. It was as I went to that place that I said the words that haunt me to this day. 

As the door opened, the heat hit me. As if by design I was back in Africa, marching the men through the planes, an officer this time. It felt much different being in command, you'd think it easier, but when you're a grunt the only thing to worry about is your aim and your boots. Planning, strategy, sacrificing the lives of those around me upon the alter of my empire never did sit well. When the spears came in on the last of us, I thought it was finally my opportunity to die, but my friends fell and there I stood.

We stand up, forming two orderly lines, guns over our backs. It's like poetry.

The first war I don't regret was known as The Great War. For once it was our lands that were threatened, our people we were fighting for. But still, in those days war for the first time became impersonal. You couldn't beg mercy from a gas attack, you couldn't look into the eyes of a tank. I suppose it was good in a way, men no longer had to dehumanise each other to justify their killing, but the idea that by pressing a button you could end more lives than a machine gun has rounds somehow felt... worrying.

We start to march, I run my fingers along the metal of the door as I leave.

The next one, I dare say I should be proud to have been in. There was new evil in this world, the likes of which most never dreamed possible and I, from my observations of man, always expected. Men didn't even press a button anymore, they simply wrote a law and watched on as millions fell. I got to observe monsters, and heros too, but I was neither, I was nothing. I risked nothing, I sacrificed nothing, I cared for nothing. Sometimes I walked straight into open fire and watched the bullets whistle around me, praying one would strike me down but by some curse they never did. What kept me going was a simple fear: whatever world this war left behind, I would have to live in.

I step into the sand, I look up to see the major getting ready for his little speech.

For too long after that, there was a strange sort of peace, one that I can only enjoy in hindsight. Men were, once again, posed to kill each other, kill everyone, with the slightest effort. But somehow they never did. We all waited, and waited, but they never pressed the button and neither did we. Sometimes I can but wonder how close it came, weather there was ever one man who held such a fate in his hands. 

The major talks about war, about peace, about the people back home. Little of what he has to say does he even know the true meaning of, so little of it do I listen to. I stare back at that knife, the words that echo around me "you're not allowed to die". Those words have meaning, his are but another place, in another time, in another war.

"Welcome to Afghanistan"