I looked forward and saw the endless stream of events that mankind had managed. Every war, ever piece of technology, every soul that fell in love. All of it was ahead of me. It wasn’t new. All time ever did was repeat itself like the clocks on the walls that will eventually fall.

It is 2001, and the towers have fallen. The word stands still as the giant awakes again and spots it’s next target halfway across the world. Only 40 years earlier, the target was just 90 miles off the coast of Florida. Fear never changes.

I am in Berlin and I see a man with his arm raised out like the soldiers I once battled centuries earlier. His screams make the crowd go wild. I hide my face, I know this song to well.

A shot rings out and the archduke falls. The world moves along with a conflict that has never been seen before. They say that it will end all wars. I pray that they are right.

I open my eyes and see 47 warriors ready to perform suicide. They are proud of their actions and die with honor. I feel envy for the last time.

Soldiers wearing blue shoot at their brothers. Their great grandfathers just a few years prior fought for their freedom from a tyrant across the ocean.

When I washed ashore, a local man picked me up and cared for me. When he took me inland I saw priests standing on top of the pyramids. Every noble covered in turquoise. Every sacrifice, painted. I watched as the priest tore the hearts out of them and offered them to the gods.

I can smell them all. Their skin. Infection spread quick. This plague could be the end. Finally. God has taken mercy.

I watch as the mad emperor watches Rome burn down. He plays his lute. He says the fire is inspiring.

I run towards them. I know I won’t survive them. I have no armor and these barbarians stand 300 strong on front of me. A spear pushes into me. I don’t last the first wave. Disgraceful.

I stand at the top. I can feel us getting closer. Closer to heaven. We were so close when he decided to curse us with language. I spite him for the rest of my days.

I offer him my produce. I tended to my plants. It took me time. Time I could never get back. And he chose my brothers offering. A sheep, slaughtered. He would rather have blood. I can feel the life leave his body as I hold him. I was the first man born of Adam and Eve. My brother was the first to die.