The Shutdown Fumes were usually described as being quite refreshing. They were cold, heavier than air, and had a somewhat minty smell. Breathe them in for a few seconds and before you even notice, you are 100 years older.

The time had come. The hissing sound started. 

Naturally, his pod started getting filled with the gas. Simultaneously, the glass lid started to close, obscuring any views to the outside. The last thing he saw were the arrays of other pods, each of them also with their lids closing in sync. He could see everyone's eyes being shut. The outside lights were also starting to turn off, as they weren't needed anymore. Darkness.

But then, the hissing stopped.

Two minutes pass.

He was still awake. "Probably normal", he thought. Perhaps the effect of the gas wasn't as instant as he believed it to be. He takes a deep breath.

And another.

And another.

Anxiously, instead of consecutive deep breathes, he now tried to hold his breath. Maybe he shouldn't have been exhaling the fumes so quickly. 

Nothing.

Something was wrong. There was not enough gas. He could feel it drifting to the bottom of the pod, making his feet cold. Maybe the amount of gas was miscalculated. Maybe a valve had malfunctioned. It didn't matter at that point.

After another long five minutes, he started to panic. He knew he wasn't going to hibernate. 

"Uhh... anyone? Is anyone out there? I don't think it's working."

Every minute lasted like an eternity in that pod. It was completely dark, apart from a tiny white LED a few centimeters away from his face. He was strapped to the machine, completely immobile, and with tubes connected to the veins in his arms.

"Help! Help! Somebody, please help me! Open the pod! Please!

Silence.

He couldn't believe it. He couldn't believe he would have such a gruesome death. Buried alive. 

After the worst 3 hours of his life, he stopped crying. Decided to go to sleep. At least in that state, he could relax. And so he did. Slept for 18 hours. Probably there were a bit of the fumes left in his lungs.

As soon as he woke up, he noticed he was still stuck inside that pod. Confused by the passage of time and lack of visual information, he assumed a day had passed. He felt a little hungry, but nothing extreme. "That's how I die - of starvation" he thought. He started to analyse his surroundings. The straps in his arms. The white LED in front of his face. The shadows his nose would cast on his chest. He spent a good 6 hours just studying them carefully, with occasional calls for help and periods of crying in between.

After two days in the pod, he started to get confused. He would sleep for various periods of time and would sometimes confuse what was real and what wasn't. He tried to recite some of the elements of the periodic table he learned in high school, just to see if he could remain conscious.

In the third day, he was so disoriented he wasn't even sure of what was going on. Was he at home, sleeping? Had he died, and was this his coffin? Was he just taking a bath? What even was that small white dot, that had been staring at him for such a long time? He would sleep, and all of his dreams would be about that pod. He dreamt of the straps on his arms. About the dim shadows. About the metal plates surrounding him. About that cold feeling in his feet.

After a week, he had no memories of entering that coffin. Why was his feet cold? What day was it? The lack of a day light cycle confused his sense of passage of time so badly, he assumed at least 20 days had passed. He hadn't eaten anything, but still wasn't starving.

In the second week. He was ready to leave the pod. "Hey mom, I'm ready to leave!", he yelled. He hadn't yelled like that for days. "I think it's time already. Come on, mom! I have been a good kid, haven't I? I did all you asked me. I rolled my eyes six hundred and twenty two times. I moved my thumbs two thousand and twelve times. Let me leave."

"Please."

"I want to play."

After two months, his mother finally responded: "You have been naughty this year. No presents to you", said the white LED. Outraged, the strapped man responded: "you've ruined Christmas again, mom! I hate you! Stop looking at me like that! Last year you made me sleep for two days and eighteen seconds. And the year before that you removed my feet. Why do you do this to me, mom?". And so, his siblings started talking about how many presents they got. "You just haven't been trying hard enough, brother", said the left arm strap.

One year had passed.

He went silent for two months. That was the punishment given to him by his mother, for not knowing what number would come after one million, fifty nine thousand, eight hundred and copper.

Once, in the fifth year, he had a fight with one of the metal plates near his left leg. After two weeks of constant shouting of incoherent insults his mouth got so dry that his lips started to bleed. Something then happened: he could feel one of the tubes connected to his veins filling him with serum. Finally, mom had given him his birthday present. The discovery of serum was so fascinating to him, he had to experiment. So, for many days, he would try to get as dehydrated as possible. First, he started spitting saliva. Then, incessant talking for days. That all ended when he found the most efficient way of doing that: bleeding. After a moderate amount of struggle, he bit his tongue off and chewed away his lips. His mouth was so mutilated that he couldn't even speak anymore. His own voice was now inside of his head as well.

That's how he lived.

For another 95 years.

He had traditions. Family meetings. His interactions with his mother got better, as she would always gift him with serum every Christmas. One day, he was visited by his long gone uncle, left foot. He had a wife called Oxygen and two kids, kindly named "Eight Hundred Thousand and Two" and "Seven Hundred Thousand and Two". His yelling sessions were going well. He had a happy and stable life.

That all ended one day.

Suddenly, the white LED turned off. He started screaming, as he had just seen his own mother die, right in front of him. He was completely shocked. 

The pod was opening.

And as he saw his real family, happily waiting for him outside, quickly crawled out of his pod, and threw himself out of the first window he found, killing himself in the process.