I knew from the start I was destined to be an outlier, I never fitted into anything, even while being optimistic and throwing myself way out of my comfort zone. That being said, while I am optimistic, I also would prefer to listen to music than waste time making an impression that will be worthless if I quit in a few days anyway. It’s worth a shot but almost never works out. I was always an outlier, but I never thought about death in this context, whos more likely to fast or slow, I could list off. 

There are countable times where I could’ve died, sure. I remember once going on a hike up one of the highest mountains in Ireland. We couldn’t do the highest one because although it isn’t substantially taller than the one i climbed, it always seemed as if the highest wasn’t for me, from experience. For once I decided to stay in my comfort zone, perhaps for my own safety. If I had known that that day I would get halfway up, put my foot on a loose rock and hit my head off the ground, I would’ve gone for the highest mountain in Europe, let alone Ireland. 

Becoming blind in one eye was just about the worst thing to happen to me. I was an avid player of soccer, hurling, tennis, I enjoyed just about everything that I had tried out, even if I wasn’t good at it. Not fitting in isn’t limiting what you can do, intimidation was never a problem for me.

Now if I even try to throw a tennis ball in the air and catch it in my right hand it hopelessly bounces back up and over into my peripheral vision. Because my left eye is injured beyond repair, it leaves a lot to the imagination when it comes to finding things, always having to turn to the right to find a stupid tennis ball every time I miss the catch.

But now that I think about it, how many times have I walked across the road, plugged into my earphones as I almost always am nowadays, when a car just about brakes, because I never bothered to look left and right? Or how many times have I turned a literal blind eye to a mugging going down in an alley right beside me? If I had been the witness, or if I had intervened, would that be game over? 

I always had a mindset that old people die first, as dark as it sounds. But as you grow up, you realize that the theory of death is, it could happen to anyone. Anytime. Any place. Any weakness. Any strength.

The moral? For the love of God, never turn a blind eye