"That's so you know this is real. Follow me, we haven't much time."

I stumbled out of bed. 

"Where's Lola?" My dog wouldn't let a strange cat wander around the apartment without barking her head off.

"You never had a dog. Would you please follow me?"

I'm pawing through the pile of clothes in my closet, looking for my favorite jeans. I usually wear dresses, but I feel like I might need the protection of denim today. Finally decent, I head to the bathroom.

"I said to follow me," says the cat.

"I have to pee! And brush my teeth!"

"And how are you going to do that when you're dead?" 

There's a portal of light where my front door should be, glimmering like an opal. The cat, a giant Maine Coon, is stalking towards it when it explodes. So does that entire side of my apartment.

"*Rhiaahwwah*," mutters the cat, and I can tell it's swearing. "We'll have to take your *rhiaah* car. Where are the keys?"

I grab my purse and check the inner pocket. "I've got the keys!" Everything in the front room is on fire. I see the flames lick the edges of the watercolor landscapes I had pinned above the couch, and then engulf them.

"Good. Out the window."

I follow the cat back into my bedroom, unlock the window, shove it upwards, and knock the screen out. The cat darts through. I clamber over, more clumsy with just two legs, and fall into the photinia bush. 

The cat is waiting for me on the hood of my car, entirely serene, flicking its tail back and forth against its front paws. "About time," it says.

I don't have time to come up with a cutting reply. The sound of rapid gunfire is coming from my apartment building. The cat and I dart into the car, and I peel away as fast as possible. Sirens are blaring, but they pass us on the other side of the street. 

"Which way?" I shout.

"North, obviously," says the cat, licking its paw as though nothing was out of place.

North is easy. I headed to I-35, only a few minutes away. That would take us north for a long time.

I set the cruise control and slumped back in my seat, trying to breathe evenly, trying to control the aftereffects of adrenaline.

"You know," I say, "I'm really more of a dog person."