Beside an old run-down building, in a desolate section of town, stands a strange metal box. It has the shape of a square-topped podium and sitting on its surface is a stack of index cards with an attached pen just beside it. Down the length of the podium, on each side, reads the phrase “Donate your emotions, today!” No explanation, no guidance. The inhabitants of the town never saw it put into place; Never saw anyone come to collect the cards. All the same, they found themselves eerily drawn to it. Some people wrote confessions, some wrote poems but rarely was the content positive. Until that one day. The thunderous cries of rain on metal had bled out the young woman's splashing footsteps upon the sidewalk. She carried no umbrella, wore no hat but rather was protected by a battered old raincoat and a smile stolen from the Sun itself. When stopping at the podium, she drew a length of the sweater worn beneath the coat so as to bundle her right hand in its warmth. Though the cards and pen were protected from rain by the eave of the building, a small section of the podium jutted out and collected a small pool of water. The girl dried it just enough to be able to write her emotions down a card. When she had finished, she dropped the card into an opening on its left side, smiled at it for a moment until it diminished to mere contentment and went on her way.


The Keeper of Emotions was a lonesome spirit whose main charge was to look after the Forgotten—those who were unfortunate enough to be born without emotions. Sometimes it was intentional, sometimes not, to have a child born this way. When this first started to occur, nobody noticed. Sure, people were aware of the possibility but it was of no concern to them. Many of these children built themselves a psychological cage in which they lived a persistently stagnant life. They neither hurt nor helped anyone. It wasn't until one of these children grew up to be a crazed war criminal that the subject was spotlighted. Even then, they chocked this up to being a fluke. After all, the mayor's son was one of them and he never did anything so spirited! After a second occurrence, a Forgotten developed a severe case of schizophrenia and took to the streets with a gun. It had been reported by a family member that this person had recently had her liver replaced and started developing symptoms upon her release. Scientists hypothesized that it was the transference of human DNA that had caused the sudden change and took to testing. With experimentation, they were able to prove this hypothesis correct but unable to determine why. There were no other changes aside from the emotional ones. The emotions transferred seemed to be whatever it was the other person had been feeling at the time. As they were usually sedated for this, the emotion transferred could be just about anything. It could not be cured by any method the scientists tried but it could be overwritten by another person's emotions. Upon these discoveries, Forgotten started giving emotions a try. It started out with having non-Forgotten friends dripping a bit of blood into a Forgotten's open wound. Stirred by this new and unusual excitement, the exchange of blood became a regular occurrence and had to be stopped by the authorities. This led to a black market for emotions. When the Forgotten community had reached its lowest, that is when the Keeper was born. When he awoke, he didn't know, didn't need to know, where he was or who he was. He had a purpose, a compulsion to help the Forgotten. For ease of his work, he had been made a bird, a crow to be exact. For it was the lowly crow who had empathy for those oft overlooked and discounted.


The Forgotten would abruptly find their feet acting of their own accord, bringing them to abandoned buildings. Even with their newfound emotion of fear, it was not triggered by this compulsion. They instead felt calm and peaceful—as though they knew everything would be alright if they just let their feet do their thing. It was the Keeper who was behind this, of course. The world didn't want these souls and it would make his job easier if they were grouped together. Here, the Keeper was able to provide the nurturing and kindness that these souls so desperately needed. This did not last long, however. There were just too many people for him to help and many of those whom he did help, relapsed and succumbed to the black market once more. To fix this, he created donation boxes where a person could transfer their emotions by writing them down with a special pen which absorbed their intentions. For a while, this worked swimmingly. Many people felt compassion towards people who couldn't feel and gladly gave them a reprieve. After a while, though, it turned into a confession box. A while after that, people forgot completely about the existence of the Forgotten but the box still received its fair share of confessionals. Those poor souls which the Keeper worked so hard to help were given a life of despair and dissonance because that is all that the world had to offer them. Until today.


While making his collections, the Keeper could sense the positivity of the girl's card well before he made his way to the box. His pace quickened as the scent drew stronger. He hadn't realized until then, but he too had been faced with same affliction as his charge. For the first time in his brief life, he felt an overwhelming sense of excitement and elation. When he reached the box, he stuck his leg out by the slot and the cards were pulled toward it as though powered by magnetism. He could tell which card it was, straight away. Due to the nature of the magic used, the negative cards turned to dust in his grasp leaving just the one spark of positivity. He darted off to the nearest Forgotten community and dispersed the happiness that the card granted. In the excitement of finally receiving a happy donation, the Forgotten never saw what was written on the card. However, the Keeper wanted to have it as a reminder of the kindness of others. Every inch of it was covered in tiny, neat handwriting.


*Hello there! First off, I would like to apologize. A few months ago, I wrote you a very upsetting card venting out my frustrations and how I had given up on life, etc. Just before writing those things down, I had been standing on the ledge of a building, trying to work up the courage to throw myself over the edge. Then I spotted the box. I had heard about it and its ability to heal your emotions but had never come across it in person. I decided it was worth a shot and unloaded all the hurt I had been feeling onto that little card. It was like magic! As soon as I had submitted the card, I felt a sudden contentness. And my mental health has greatly improved since doing so. Then I recently got to thinking, what a terrible thing I'd done! Subjecting innocent people to my negative emotions? How awful must these folk be feeling! So I decided to write you a new card—one that offers you happiness and compassion. Thank you. And on behalf of everyone else who has submitted a card, Thank You.*

--


This was just a bit of auto-writing so it's not top-quality(and perhaps a bit confusing in some places) but I enjoyed writing it. (: