Well, that was the last one. 

With these magic words, I put a bullet in the head of the last alien that tried to enslave us.

That was 50 years ago, we were abandoned, but we did not forget. The planet we're on right now was a place I once called home.

But now I call it my kingdom.

I remember the day news spread worldwide. The aliens were coming, and we had to evacuate ASAP.

Thiscantbereal.png

Honestly a life of Pokemon, Redhot Cheetos and Mountain Dew never really prepared me for a mass Alien invasion. 

And the worst part is, the people I called family left me for dead. Makes sense, I was always the black sheep of the family.

My mother remarried after my Dad passed away on a boating accident (RIP Papa). I wasn't ever particularly close with my mother, she more saw me as a waste of space.

Now I was part of a family that wanted nothing to do with me but had to out of out of obligation. Well, when the Aliens came, that chore went right out the window.

My step sister was super smart, straight A's, popular with the boys...pretty much the model of any teenager about to go into high school. 

Me? I flunked out of college faster than even my family expected. I just worked barely enough to fuel my video game, weed and snacking habits.

Well, the day came for the draw of who gets to leave to and who gets to become fodder for the aliens.

 The qualifications were quite simple; they were based on how much you earned (or how good your grades were), your contribution did you have to society or how good were at what you do.

Too bad catching a shiny Metapod on Pokemon didn't count. Guess who scored zero across the board?

I sat there in the basement bawling my eyes out drowning my pain in liquor and weed. I didn't want to move, just let this shit be over with.

I think a part of me still believed that they wouldn't leave me behind, but reality started setting in. I stayed like that for a week straight.

The second I walked outside my house, it was utter fucking chaos. Houses being plundered, stores on fire and dead bodies everywhere. Hell, I think we'd get each other before the Aliens do.

And then I saw something. I immediately fell to my knees and started sobbing. This shit hit me harder than anything ever did, this was the last thing I wanted to see.

There was this man that used to visit me every day while I worked at the convenience store. He always picked up a pack of smokes, and we chatted about life. Even though I had nothing going for me, he'd always cheer me up and give me great advice.

I never admitted it, but that was the best part of that dead end job. It always brought a smile to my face and made me feel good. Made me feel like I mattered.

And now I see him........dead on the street. Some punks must've wanted to rob what little he had left. Screw this; I'm not taking this shit lying down. 

Now I wanted to fight. But how do I start? I'm lazy, stupid and have no idea how to defend myself. Well fuck it, the first thing I could do is get in shape.

You know the best part about the mass apocalypse? No one's keeping you from hitting up a Gym. I Googled and found the nearest one. The second I walked in I was in awe.

There were maybe more than 100 people lifting weights and training in what I could imagine was martial arts. There was this bearded guy in the front with a physique I only thought existed in Dragon Ball Z.

He walked up to me with a menacing look and asked me what I wanted. I told him I wanted to fight.

He smiled, looked me dead in the eyes and said that he might kill me. I never would've thought the hundred in this Gym would be my brothers and sisters in arms.

This marked the birth of the rebellion, and where I stood my Goddamn ground.