The warm colours of the black, orange and red portal opening at the foot of my shared bed flooded the room as my girlfriend returned from work. How else was she supposed to? She’s a literal demon after all.

I was prepared for her arms to wrap around me as she laid down, but instead I felt her fingers poking at my side. Why must she do this to me.

“Babe. Babe. Baaaabeeee.” Her fingernails dug into my side as she poked it. She knew I was going to wake up if she did that. Of course she wouldn’t just do that, she also had to pull off the covers as well, causing me to curl up into a ball.

“Come on babe I need your help.” She floats over me, kissing all over my face and neck. I let out a small groan once again and shake my head, closing my eyes tighter. A exasperated sigh passed through her lips and she grabbed my ankle, holding me upside down. 

“Come on Cassieeee, I’ll buy you some chocolate?” My eyes opened at that and looked up at her. “Fine.” I replied and she flew through the portal still holding me by my ankle.

Everything was red for a few seconds as we passed through the portal and then suddenly stark white as I was dropped into Alexandra’s rolling chair in her cubicle at work. I spun a little and she stopped me, chuckling a small bit. Giving me a smile, she turned me to face a guy (or should say demon?) leaning up against her cubicle wall. 

“Raven, meet Cassie. She’s my human girlfriend!” Alexandra beamed as Raven came closer to inspect me. He was very tall, about 6’2”, neat slicked back hair that was...raven as his name suggested and piercing orange eyes. I felt a little uncomfortable under his gaze as I was only wearing a Panic! t-shirt and shorts while the intimidating man was dressed to the T in a suit. 

He paused for a moment after probably staring into my soul. “You *are* her girlfriend aren’t you?” His voice was deep, something that you would hear Bruce Wayne fake as Batman. While I tried to gather my words, Alexandra floated in the background just nodding vigorously, like I would say no? 

“Yeah...unfortunately.” I finally said, laughing slightly. Raven seems satisfied with this answer and hands Alexandra a wad of bills hesitantly. He then disappeared in puff of smoke. 

“Wow...dramatic much?” I chuckle and then turn to see Alexandra counting the bills. “thAT SON OF A-“ She exclaims, setting down the final bill.

“He stiffed me!” She yells, waving her fist. I shake my head at that, feigning disappointment. “Why that son of a gun.” 

I’m suddenly picked up normally this time and deposited on my shared bed. Alexandra went back through the portal and peeked her head back out. “I’m going to get the money I’m owed. Love you byyyyeeeee.” And with that she’s gone and the portal is too. But before it closes completely, a box of chocolate is tossed through.

I open the box and pick out a piece, a sigh escaping my lips as I chew. “This money better be worth her being late.”

(Hey! Thanks so much for reading this! I’m sorry if it’s terrible, this is my first time doing something like this.)