She walked close to me, as if someone might attack if she strayed too far.

Dad I'm really scared I don't know anyone here and I'm scared

It will be fine, honey. Everyone is going to be nice to you.

But what if the kids are mean and the teachers are mean and they don't care when someone says something mean to me and what about all the other kids in the hallway they really make me nervous there are too many of them

Honey, calm down. Everyone is going to be nice. I promise.

I know dad but what if they're not and they make fun of me and they know I've been in the hospital like four times and they think I'm crazy and then they make fun of me

Honey, it will be okay. It's a fresh start for you. Do you know what "fresh start" means? It means you get to start all over. No one knows you here. They don't know that you said mom killed someone or that you like girls.

Yeah I told a cop mom did that I don't know why I said it

You told a cop? Where?

At school I don't know why I did it I just told him and his eyes got real big when I said it and he was like ok I think I just wanted to go home

Well, that is the past and this is your new start.

Starting now I'm going to be better I'm not going to say anything like that I'm sorry I hurt your feelings dad I don't know why I said it I think I just wanted to go home

It's important that you tell people how you really feel instead of making things up. If you are nervous about the other kids, then tell your teacher that. Don't just make something up so you can go home.

I know I don't know why I do it I just think I'm telling the truth and my mind tells me it's right and the devil guy is like say it so you can go home and then I say it I don't know why I do it dad I'm just crazy

No, you aren't crazy, but you have to stop saying those things. Please, honey. It's so hard for me and mom when you do that because people come and talk to us about it, and then we have to explain everything all over again.

What people

People from the government who could take you kids away from us.

Take us away that won't happen I'm saying it won't happen so it won't and that's it it won't

But it isn't up to you, honey. They have to take what you say seriously.

I know dad I don't know why I do it I'm just crazy I'm sorry if I hurt your feelings mermaids are real dad I know it and everyone else who says they aren't is stupid because people always say god is real but no one has seen him so that means I can say mermaids are real because I believe it

I'm having a hard time coming up with an argument against that one. That is awesome logic.

What's lo-gic

Like when you make an argument for something.

Yeah logic is good

This program is going to be really good for you, honey. I was so relieved when we got you into it.

What's relieved

It means I felt happy because I knew it was just right for you.

What kind of program is it like one where they yell if you are bad or what

No, no one is going to yell. It's just for kids like you who are having a hard time. Everyone is going to be really nice to you.

I know but what if they aren't and the teachers are mean and they don't understand and do they know I've been in the hospital like four times do they know what I said about you and mom do they know about me

Yes, the teachers know about it, but the kids don't. So it's a fresh start. Don't worry everyone is going to be really nice.

I know but what if they aren't I'm just so nervous dad

I know you are but it really will be okay.

Please dad let's just go home now I can't do it they are going to be mean

I promise they aren't going to be mean.

Okay but what if they are

They won't be, I promise. Look, here is your teacher. She looks really nice. 

Child Protective Services came two days later. 