"Well, it wasn't as bad as the first few," I said aloud, but to no one in particular. It was a desperate attempt; audacious even, but worth considering. I'm guessing that Christianity must not having been having too much success with the conventional nonbelievers these days. 

The way He described seeing Joey again was the most intriguing. It's been a long time. I never really thought about where Joey - or his soul, for that matter - would end up, just that he'd be happy, I suppose.

I think I can choose one whenever I want? I don't really know the rules when it comes to this sorta thing. I should hear a few more, at least.

The next one was not one I was familiar with. She seemed ancient. But her offer was more in the style of a performance than a conversation. Yet, questions were still asked throughout.

"Are you here in sacrifice? If yes, that changes things." There was a melody in her voice when she spoke. Though, not in any key I've ever heard.

"In a way, yes," I said. I responded truthfully. What else would I call the last 15 years if not sacrifice? My machine works now, doesn't it? Or, at least that's what I was told by the fourth deity.

"The other Honorables have been waiting for you. It's not like where everyone else goes. The final place is yours if you would have it. There, it would begin again. There, I will find who is capable of the ultimate sacrifice."

At the conclusion of her unique performance she told me that to hear any new offers was to condemn this one. She didn't mention Joey though. I wonder if his death could be considered a sacrifice - or his life, rather.

"Do you know Joey? Has he come to you yet?" She didn't reply. "Why is this a 'take it or leave it' offer?" Still nothing. "Why is there a specific order? Why do you all want me? Who's in charge here? Do you rule yourselves? Is this Olympus, or something?" I think I just wanted to hear myself asking these things. I knew she wasn't going to answer. She said everything she wanted to say. And she must've left everything else out on purpose.

I suppose they are known for making their own rules. The only thing I could imagine was that I wasn't getting any better offers than these two. I don't know how much time had passed, if any. I don't know if there is time, here. What happens if I count to 10? Or 100? Or 1 million? It must've taken some amount of time to make up my mind.

Whoever she was, I decided to follow her.