John sat basking in the sun, absorbing the rays.  It was taking a little longer than usual to reenergize on such a cloudy day.  He contemplated taking a walk through the nearby forest once he felt he had enough spunk to make the walk back.  It would do no good to be caught out there after sunset, or he would have to spend a long night weak and cold.  Maybe I will bring a suncloak with me just in case, he thought.  Since all humans now relied on the sun to sustain them, wearing clothes was restrictive and cumbersome.  A small chime sounded from his personal synoptic neural assistive kinetic e-device.  It was a call from Jane.  John appreciated and liked Jane.  She was inquisitive and just a little quirky, but she was always entertaining.  It was a request to go for a walk.  Perfect, thought John, I was planning on going anyway.  

He quickly responded with a swipe at his e-device and received a location and a time to meet with Jane along with a guided route.  John grinned and began to wonder if he and Jane might be able to commission a reproductive seed pod to grow a son or daughter.  It would be a wonderful experience watching the process where plant and human melded into a perfectly formed being who could live on the power of the sun and water alone.  

He grabbed his cloak off the back of his chair and stepped over the low wall that surrounded his cubicle and started off towards the forest.  He relished the sights and sounds of the plants and his slow amble ensured that he did not crush any blades of grass beneath his step.  With chlorophyll now streaming through every human, they had realized that plants cry out when injured or cut down and it could be a debilitating endeavor to attempt to run through a field or pick a flower.  It was good thing no one needed to murder plants and animals anymore with this newly found realization.

His e-device chimed, signaling the approach of Jane from the shaded copse of trees across a small creek.  John smiled and waved, and she nimbly approached him.  She motioned to him to follow her with excitement in her eyes.  He wondered for a moment what it could be as she grabbed his hand and move with grace through the forest floor.   They arrived shortly at a beautiful tree located in the middle of a lush meadow.  Its drooping branches contained shiny red objects that swayed gently in the breeze.  Lazy bees buzzed contently through the meadow and the warmth from the sun filled him with satisfaction.  Jane pointed at one of the shiny objects that had fallen off and rested on the rich loam of the land and motioned John to come join her.  Her e-device lit up and a scanner beam slowly traced the outline of the object.  John had heard of plants that gave birth to such items before but had never seen one up close before.  Humanity had forgotten the art of cultivation a millennia ago so not much attention was paid to the reproduction of plants, which had largely been allowed to grow wild and free.  The e-device chimed again, and a green light illuminated the object, giving it an odd glow that resembled blood.  

Jane stooped and pickup the object and offered it to John.  Its weight and heft were curious in his hands and he could vaguely see his face reflected from the shiny skin.  An enticing aroma drifted from it and it felt almost natural in his hands.  Jane’s e-device suddenly flickered on and showed him a very old picture of a young child with the object fastened in his mouth.  Almost as if in a trance, John lifted the object to his mouth and hesitantly rubbed it on his teeth.  Then suddenly the skin on it broke and his teeth clamped down and took a bite.  The sheer intensity of the taste overwhelmed John and he cried out with pleasure and almost agony as he tasted an apple for the first time.  His mouth flooded with saliva and he began to cry.  Hungrily he took bite after bite, gorging himself on the fruit.  Jane seeing him picked up an apple herself and tentatively took a bite.  With a wonderous expression on her face, she began to laugh and cry as well.  

Suddenly, John began to grow warm and felt a great strength roaring through his body even though the sun was waning, and he should have been very cold.  He glanced at Jane and realized that she seemed almost radically different.  Her skin was glowing and there was red sheen to her face and he felt something he had not felt before.  A sudden desire to hold her close, to hear her heartbeat.  He also realized that he could also vaguely smell her as well.  A hidden, musky smell that he had never detected before.  From her shy glances at him, he saw that she must be experiencing the same as well.

Suddenly his S.N.A.K.E. lit up and began to show him all the other available items nearby that could be consumed as well.  His mind raced with the realization of a whole new food source and the incredible strength, sense of smell and awareness that was now flooding his body.  He could never go back, and he knew Jane could not as well.  Together they joined hands and disappeared into the forest, leaving the old ways behind to start a new one.
