It was morning again. And the children have yet to come back. How much longer I wonder before they realize something is up? I'm completely normal. Right? That's what I wanted for them, but they seem to want for action each day. They're prone to violence, they look for something exciting to fill their boredom. That's just it. But...

The more they put themselve out there. The sooner I will get the call.

......

~Subject R-DC4690-1~, also known as Roy Fields. Biological mother, deceased. Roy was raised in the facility, along with another ~subject~ child. He was to be terminated. But Dr. [ERROR] wanted to have a fresh young volunteer. For the greater good. Roy for a babty and child, manage to survive fatal test and experiments. He was consider the lucky boy. Or so we thought. The child was given access to some areas of the facility. Well behavior manner is one thing, but it failure on are part. Roy was bitten by the plagues rat from level B-2. With immediately quarantine, the boy was predict to die like any other subject that came in contact with any Plague Rat. But astonishingly the boy didn't die as immediately as we have known. With surveillance  footage, its show the boy was in contact [ERROR/DATALOST] on multiple occasions. The boy's immunity was actively high. Doctors wanted to test the boy on other diseases but since the Director learned of the incident. The project and research was cut before it began.

~Subject Q-DC4398-2~, also known as Quin Fields. The biological mother somehow escape the facility out [data-lost ERROR] The mother was found dead but the woman managed to give birth to her child. The child seem to have a glow in her chest. Scans show an alien object placed in her chest. The child was meant to be aborted but Dr- [ERROR] wanted to see what would happen if a pregnant woman was present before [ERROR] The effects was negative information. But the child was concerned stillborn during and after Ultrasound after being in the present of [ERROR]
With the child being found alive and some consideration, the child was raised in the facility. Study shown some abnormal behavior. Test show Quin having psychosis symptoms. Even at an young age. She spoke a language, once considered gibberish. The girl would speak at random time. And walk through the facility as if guided. After some study and teaching the girl English and how to speak. The girl confined with a worker about the voice in her head telling her information about the facility and test going on. Most of what she repeat, shouldn't have been possible or Accessible. Some investigations, shoe the girl isn't being told anything or near anyone to learn any of the information. She was intelligent for her age. But Quin on many level was consider an threat show she leave the grounds.

`-`-`-`-`-

As of two years ago, I was found two children standing outside behind my son.
Both children were abnormal. And there's nothing I can do about it. I wanted to call the police fearing these children where being neglected. Both of them were in raggy cloth. But my son loved them both, asking them to be his older sibling. He told me how they saved him from the bullies. My poor son, there nothing I could do.

It was then both children seem to really like my son, protecting him and watching over him. The girl for some reason scared me. She was telling me how to adopt them. Everything in specific detail. I did was she wanted as I was too afraid what the girl might do.

My son's bullies seem to have gotten sick. They all died fatality. It was then the girl told me we had to move and move quickly. She somehow gotten my credit information and was able to sell the house, and get me a new job in Canada. Once we left. I kid you not on the road made 30 miles away from the town. A whole army come driving pass us. The two children duck but did say why.

I didn't question it. I just wanted things to be normal. Or so I wanted. My son on the other hand gave the two kids ideas by reading his comic book collection. Superheroes.

My "daughter" Quin, again manage to enroll my son into a defense school. He excell greatly. But now, every since I met the two kids. My son has been recently running off with them. Fighting crime he says.

That's when I got the call.

I don't know who they were, but they told me to keep doing what I was doing. I don't...watching the kids maybe?

I'm afraid. For all three of them. We grown and bonded so well. Roy was expert in Biology and was going to get a scholarship if he keep the grades up. Quin was masterful at every academic even Home Ed. There was already University begging for her to attended their schools. My son though. Still young was already a champion in Martial Arts. I think Quin was the one helping him. My sweet little boy, when were they going to come home? It's been nearly a week. The school has been calling and the community it ready to help me look for them.

But I can't. They told me not to. Not to "engaged" I don't know what to do.

My children... where are you?