Part 1

Being in exile had its perks.

When the Mystical Refuge Program (aka MRP, aka “murp”) rescued me after my father was overthrown, they whisked me off to a new identity in the human world. I expected to hate it. And at first, I did. I hated having to grow out my hair to hide my long ears. I hated having to learn the strange dialect of English that humans spoke (they didn’t even use “thou,” the savages.) I hated the faraway looks people got in their eyes when I told them my cover story, which was designed to discourage further questions. 

“I own a startup that helps startups sell themselves to other startups,” I would say when asked what I did for a living, as instructed by the MRP. 

Inevitably, the residents of my new home “San Francisco” would roll their eyes and avoid asking further questions. I got used to it, and settled into my new life.

I did miss little things from home. The pleasure of a toasty room perfectly heated by enchanted flames. The elaborate tapestries that would adjust their threads as I watched to tell the histories of our kingdom. The delicious unicorn stew that our palace’s head chef would make for special occasions.

But, although I could never fully recreate those comforts of my old home, I got used to electric heaters, movies, and chicken noodle soup. I even found I preferred the taste of chicken over unicorn - it was less stringy.

And the human world offered other advantages over life as an elven prince. The internet was amazing, and google was a way more efficient way to find answers than going on a quest to find musty old scrolls. Tinder was significantly less fuss than rescuing damsels from the dungeons of mad warlocks, though after three years I still was getting the hang of emojis. And pumpkin spice lattes were pure liquid joy.

Plus, since I still had my magic powers, tasks that were annoying for regular humans were incredibly easy for me. Dishes and laundry were as simple as a twitch of my telekinetic mind. Even caring for the pitiful patch of grass at the back of my condo was simple. 

I couldn’t sever the grass directly, since I was unable to manipulate living things, but it was easy enough to move the lawnmower with the power of thought rather than push the bulky thing. I usually still leaned against the contraption to convince any nosy neighbors that nothing strange was happening, but that was also easy enough. Until one day, a dwarf appeared in my yard.

Despite being descended from a long line of brave elven warrior kings, I shrieked like a bawling peasant baby.

I ran back into my condo, and peered at the creature through the blinds of my kitchen. My mind raced with the memories of the dwarven invasion that had claimed my homeland. The way the long white beard of the dwarven king had soaked up the red of my father’s blood as he delivered the killing blow and stole his crown. The sight of his dwarven attendees mounting my father’s head on a pike as I escaped the castle under a cloak of emergency fairy glamour.

Had they found me, at last? 

I remembered belatedly that humans sometimes placed ornamental figures of dwarves in their lawns, unaware of the true ferocity of the race. Maybe this was all a misunderstanding - maybe my landlady had simply wanted to spruce up the small yard. I peered out my blinds at the dwarf, eyeing its rosy cheeks and cheerful grin. It certainly looked more like a decoration than a warrior. But what if that was what the dwarf wanted me to think? Well, it would be easy enough to check. I reached out with my powers to attempt to move the dwarf, and found myself unable to. It was alive.

I shrieked again, and dropped the blinds.

“Gather yourself, Ez’aelo,” I muttered, curling into a fetal position and leaning against my kitchen wall. “You’ve solved the riddles of the strange folk. You’ve climbed the infinite mountains. You’ve slain dragons, for fucks sake! You can handle one dwarf.”

And it was true. The dwarves had overwhelmed my kingdom by sheer force of numbers, but in a one on one battle even a novice knight would be able to defeat a dwarf. I was a hero of legend, dammit! So I uncurled myself from the fetal position, marched into my bedroom to fetch my longsword from where I kept it in my closet next to my rain boots, and marched straight back into my kitchen. I allowed myself a moment to deep breathe like my yoga instructor had taught me, and then I swung open the door to my backyard. 

I brought the longsword in an arc over my head and brought it down onto the pointed hat of the unmoving dwarf. It shattered, and I was left staring at a pile of broken plaster.

How could this be? A figurine after all? No, I knew the creature had been alive, I was certain of it. I fell to my knees and thrust my fingers into the broken shards, trying to feel the threads of a glamor or enchantment. I felt a shred of magic - some sort of spell? No, just the lingering hint of a long gone mystical creature. There had been a dwarf in my yard, but it had replaced itself with a figurine before it could die by my blade. Likely while I was busy hyperventilating in my kitchen. As I palmed the shards and began trying to track the dwarf, I noticed a single scrap of paper in the rubble. On it was scrawled a note.

“The Dwarven King knows where you are, Prince of Elves. Your days of playing human are numbered. If you’re ready to reclaim your kingdom, find us.

Sincerely,

The Dwarven Rebellion”

—-

Thanks for reading! Constructive criticism welcome. If you’d like to read more from me, you can find it at r/kaypella