"So where are we going now?" Asks Amy.

"Manhattan. There is a giant robot on the loose, and it is attacking the residents." Says the Doctor. 

"Wait, what?" Shrieks Amy as the Doctor pulls on a lever and they experience a huge jerk as the Tardis is sent on its way.

"What? It's nothing. Why are you shouting? Just a few rogue Daleks to put in their place. No problem." Says the Doctor.

"WHAT? THERE ARE DALEKS TOO?" Rory chimes in. "That really does not seem safe Doctor."

"Oh come on. Where is your sense of adventure? Look the Daleks have found the battery for the angry robot called The Exterminator. It is attacking the city. We have to stop it. Simple. Come on you two, there is not a moment to lose." The Doctor says as he rushes out the door.

"Of course the robot is called The Exterminator. Why can't we, for once, go and find something called Mr Cuddles?" Grumbles Amy as she and Rory both head out the door.

As soon as they are out the door, they are greeted by a scene of devastation. They have landed in downtown Manhattan. Entire buildings are flattened, and there is debris everywhere. 

"So where is this robot?" The Doctor is talking to himself. He turns on his sonic screwdriver and the screwdriver hums. He listens for a moment and suddenly whispers to Amy and Rory to keep absolutely still, and make no noise at all.

A huge shadow falls over them as the robot lumbers into view at the far end of a city block. "Wait. That's the robot?" Both Amy and Rory whisper at the same time.

The robot looks at them and starts charging, its huge gait easily eating up the distance between them.

"I knew it only works in the movies! Run! RUN!" Yells the Doctor as they all start sprinting away.

"But that is the Statue of Liberty. Why is it pursuing us?" Yells Amy as they skid around a corner.

"The real statue was stolen by the Daleks and replaced with this. They hoped it would come in useful one day, and now that day has come. It is programmed to capture all living things it sees. Probably to turn them into Daleks." Says the Doctor.

"We can't keep running forever. We have to hide and formualte a plan." Rory says as they dash around.another corner. "This will do. Get in. QUICKLY!" They all jam into an open doorway.

"We can't stay too long. I suspect those buildings were not destroyed for fun." Amy says as she looks around at the devastation around them. This building has a hole in the roof, but thankfully it was a small hole. The robot would not see them.

"I have a plan." Says the Doctor.

"Or as I like to call it, harebrained scheme." Chimes in Amy.

"Doesn't matter. I have more brain.power than all of you anyway. So this is what we do...."

(I will continue this if there is interest in it.)

Edit: Eh, Who cares? I will finish the story. Check Reply.

