I finally figured it out, what this disgustingly useless body is good for.

It’s a predictable story really, I spent a month trying every possible activity I could, searching for this man’s talent. I tried some of my favorite activities, but those were the worst yet. 47 attempts I had made at finding his talent. Nothing. 

But today, I think I know what this worthless piece of flesh is good for. I don’t think he’s willing to do it, but that’s what I’m here for right? 

It was quarter to 10, the city lights loomed around the corner as I entered the dark alley. I knew the man wouldn’t want this, but I have to get back to my life. He can’t complain about the consequences, it’s his fault I’m stuck like this.

“What do you want?” a voice asked. A tall, shadowy figure stood at the end of the alleyway. “You wanna face full of lead?”

“Easy pal, I’d be careful who you threaten”, I said through the man’s broken lips. 

“Wait, you! You’re that cop! The one who took Jerry away! I'll kill you!” He flipped a pistol out of his jacket, aiming it at the man’s head. 

It was interesting, being held at gunpoint yet having no immediate consequences if the trigger was pulled. It was exciting!

I inched closer to him. One step, two step, he still didn’t pull the trigger. Three steps, four, still no shot? Unbelievable!

He was frozen with fear, I think. A policeman stripped of his badge is stalking toward him with no weapon. Who could blame him?

I doubt he expected my next move, because he shrieked when I fell face-first onto the ground. I’m sure it bruised, but it wasn't my body.

“H-hey! Get up” the man squealed, still holding me at gunpoint.

I kicked my leg into a drain pipe that was hanging down from above. The vibration rang from the bottom all the way up to the rooftop. Something was up there.

The mysterious object sitting atop the gutter drain must have been 7 feet tall, it wobbled a bit, then tumbled down toward me.

What followed can only be described as a massive refrigerator I had positioned falling on top of this gun-waving fool and causing the entirety of his body, as well as my own leg, to become the consistency of applesauce.

It was as easy as that, I woke up in my own body, my own bed, my own life. It was wonderful to finally be myself. I didn’t have to force myself to act in a way I despised.

A looked in the bathtub, a mangled, bloody body lay strewn in the tub, overflowing with oozing red liquid.

Perfect, just like I left it. The old man never was too good with violence, but I guess some people need a little nudge in the right direction. I just hope the 47 unsuccessful attacks don't give him too much to clean up when he wakes up.