Mark hated the cold. It was like an animal. A hungry wolf of white snapping at his raw flesh, stalking him through gruesome miles until he collapsed in the snow weary. *God,* he told himself. *If you’re a kind son of a bitch, take me somewhere warm.*

He thought he made all the right steps leaving Maryland. California was a warm place to go to college. Houston was a warm place to intern and work. Cold became some old cousin that lived in a wooden cottage up north: a foreign, distant, intangible force.

*Foreign.* Mark trudged through snow so deep they buried his knees.

*Distant.* Mark looked up at walls of glaciers thousands of meters tall beside him, standing like sentinels in this forsaken world.

*Intangible.* Mark could feel the hunger of the cold even through his cryo-suit. He could tell it was angry. It wanted remittance for the years it lost, for the years it starved.

Two days ago it had taken Bishop, the only other surviving member of the crash. When Mark found him in the morning, Bishop’s face was frozen purple in fear, and he was clawing the release on Mark’s oxygen tank. Mark always warned Bishop about his panicked breathing – the long, greedy, and careless sips depleted his oxygen tank, and the day he tried to steal Mark’s oxygen, he suffocated to death. Mark buried him in the snow, and threw a quick prayer to a god he didn’t believe in. He didn’t know if he was praying about himself, or the man who almost killed him.

Mark looked at the top left of the cryo-suit’s visor. He himself had a day of oxygen left, more if he conserved his breathing. If he took gasps of air, and held, he could survive for another eight hours.

*But what’s the point,* he thought.

He was already a man marked for death, trudging through his grave, while the wolf waited watching. Hungry.

\*\*\*

The glaciers eventually gave way to plains of hard-packed ice. Mark couldn’t risk falling and damaging what little left was working in his cryo-suit, so he slid on his knees, using an icepick to propel himself forward. He did so in earnest until he tired and then he laid on his back, his oxygen tank and pack now resting beside him. The pocked clouds above were frozen in place, and had been for thousands of years, and light from the distant sun was reflected brighter through the white mesh. He could’ve thought about the crash. He could’ve thought about how Bishop looked the morning he died.

Mark chose instead to think about Isabelle.

His first wife. A plain girl with vapid stories about the coworkers she hates, completely average in every way except her eyes.

God, her eyes.

Mark saw the skies of distant worlds in her eyes. Every time she closed them, he’d wonder why he ever bothered with her, and when she opened them again, the big, blue crystals with muscles like the stained, frozen skies of this world seemed to draw him into a lucid trance. Here but not. What he’d give to be here but not again, what he’d give to fix what he left broken.

At some point, Mark closed his eyes. At some point, he gave in.

\*\*\*

And when he woke, two tall, lanky figures towered above him. They appeared after the white light had flooded in, masked by shadows and the flurries of snow. They stood there watching. Waiting.

“Not like the others,” one said. The voice was guttural, inhumane.

“Kill anyway,” the other rasped. “Kill anyway.”

“Not like the others.”

Mark tried to speak. He had to touch the voice modulator beside his visor, but his arm was pinned by a grotesque, four toed, leathery trunk.

“Kill anyway,” it said, the voice now quieter. “Kill anyway.”

\*\*\*

I swear I know where I'm going with this. I will add to it tomorrow when I have time.
***
Edit: GOTCHA! I have no clue what the FUCK I'm doing.