"SURPRISE!" they all yelled and laughed and squealed with delight.  I couldn't make out at first what they were waving but then it hit me, like a reminder when you realized you left the stove on.  They were waving watches.  Well, how about that.  My own family was waving watches ... I guess this was my official "It's time to go Party". 


Only, I wasn't amused and walked right past everybody and into my bedroom and slammed the door.  Hard.


There was a little knocking and it was my oldest daughter, barely a 600 years old herself, she would have no idea how I felt.  "Daddy... don't be mad... it's suppose to be funny ..." she trailed off which was followed by another knock, even more timid.  "Sweetheart, can I come in ... we talked about this ... it's won't be fun after 1000 years ..."


I sat on the edge of the bed.   Thinking about these stupid 'It's Time' parties -  I used to attend them, heck I've even thrown them.  That old guy at work, what was his name, John or Johnson.  He was so glum that I was a little put off by it, not to mention that I was next in line for his job when he finally went.  He looked me in the eye, squinted and said, you're barley a hundred years younger than me and everyone laughed and looked at me. I said hardily "I'm not going to hang around longer than I should ... I'll be the first in line at the center! C'mon Jackson, I'll drive you" which was followed by laughter from everyone but him. That's it I thought, his name was Jackson! I pondered for a moment to try and regain my thought - well, I said to myself, I am getting more forgetful - but I knew that wasn't true - everybody was healthy as a horse until the day they go to the center - fuck, I thought, I even remember horses.  Why would you want to get rid of anybody that still remembered horses?


I remember my grandfather's ranch in Montana, in the summer time, riding the horses.  Half the people out there have never seen an actual and I rode them. Lots of times.  I remember riding 'Clutch'.  He was my favorite and I rode him when ever my grandfather let me and where ever I could.  Even into town where we weren't allowed to take the horses.  And I remember going faster than I should on the straight away into town.  Neither one of us saw the pot hole on the road and I could here his leg snap as I went flying thru the air.


I wished horses lived forever too.


Later that night, my grandfather and my father brought me the gun and said it was **my** duty to shoot Clutch, since I was the one that caused him so much pain and was responsible for his broken leg.  "Can't we just call Car..." "NO" my grandfather stopped me mid questions about why we couldn't just call Carl, the vet, to put him down.  "You started this, now you need to finish it."  The rest of that summer is one teary blur, yet I remember it like it was yesterday.


"Dear" at the door again.  "Can I come in?" 


"Of course" I was barely whispering.


In through the door walked my wife and just as she was about to say something I spoke first... "I wanna go to the center in Montana." 
