It has been a month since this year's event and Julian PS-Sigma9 is starting to freak out. He is the main leader of a tech gang who switches bodies with a random person anywhere, although the adjustment can be set to only NA/EU and why not? He is the leader and he can do whatever the hell he likes. He is bold but not that crazy. 
However, his crew is a bunch of undisciplined crazy cowboys, tomboys and crazy women who love the adventure and the thrill of jumping in and never knowing where the machine will take them. 
All they know, and they ve known it since day 1, is that there is no time switch, only bodies. They may end up switching into a random mercenary fighting rogue local tribesmen somewhere in Subsahara. Or inside the body of a Vatican minister or even better a swiss guard standing with the medieval attire.
They have to find out what set of skills make that particular individual the best in the world. When they find out they say the skills out loud while holding a designer jewel: a golden ring with traces of diamond and jizzhare, the most sought after mineral left in the world. People die for that little piece of rock.
Once the device is aligned they return with a sharp snap to their present bodies carefully laying in a soft bed. There is only one switch event per year so they must choose carefully.
They do it so they learn more about people. They also do it for the profit they get after selling secrets and memories from their target. Oh, yes. Money. Even in this dying world, they need money to buy weapons, shelter, food and protection. No one knows the knowledge they possess except in dark hidden hacker groups.
Usually the targets are specifically selected. Unless they want a unique experience of the unknown. 
Aestheria 99S is the lower portion of what was once called Southern Hemisphere. After the devastation produced by nuclear wars the only safe haven is the North. The South is gone and only old maps display the beauty of the New World. Some people have died by looking at those maps. They dream of old days where life was different.
The ones who didnt die are completely mad.
The rest survive the best they can in a harsh battered ground. Pure desolation.

Julian and his gang are the best hunters and seekers. But they are all dying.
Here in the south, inhabitants of the crumpled empty carcass of southamerican cities, gather all in the outskirts of Aestheria 995. There is no more internet but the machine that was built before the Crash (the even that changed life of them all) is a unique piece of quantum physics that is fed with simple but powerful elements. If the North ever finds out what they have they d bombard them till there was nothing left but dust and radiation. But they dont pay them any mind, northerners think they are all subhuman, not even worthy.
Even the not so smart members find out the skills within few days.
But Julian has been inside the body for a month and with no clue he is getting desperate.
The North is the opposite of the South. Cleaner, better, nicer.
People dont wear rags and indescribable filth doesnt cover the bodies like a greasy slime.
Even small cats and dogs are seen here on the streets and automatic vehicles populate the calm empty streets.
The air smells good. So is food. Some wine and beer. For nearly 30 days Julian kidded himself that he loathed the North for everything they took away from them. They didnt do anything to suffer. Yet he likes being there. He even enjoys sex something that was long forgotten in a land where all there is left is misery and pain beyond imagination.

For 30 days he tried to find out what was the skills that made this man the best. He was tall like him, handsome. Some tattoos that spoke about military service. Some medical knowledge also.
Dark skinned. Nice features. Lean body. Not muscular. Some scars. Some money and a great job. Friends. Everything he didnt have. Well, he once had until the attack destroyed all the human cities including his family and his soon to be wife. That was another life, dont kid yourself man, he told himself day after day until the voice was distant and cold like a bad memory.

He wanted to get out. He wasnt part of this world. He was a hacker, the best in the South. And a fine craftman. He built the machine with the help of others. It was its baby. Its creation.

By the midnight of day 31 he knew he was not going to get out. He felt it in his bones. But why?
The monitor that was in the center of the room turned on and a new orange envelope shone in the upper right corner.
When he opened it his heart jolted. No way, how on..? But there it was her sign. Her nickname.
Drusilla McIntosh967809.
She gave specific details. She wanted to meet him soon. 

Outside the rain was meek but cold. It was Fall. Some day in April. Dark heavy clouds. Even with a light raincoat he shivered when outside the wind greeted him.
Two blocks to the left, then one block due south. And there she was. But it wasnt her. It was an indescribable woman, old and battered. Nice clothing but he knew it was Dru.
"What are you doing here?" he shouted without caring if anyone around could hear them. The night was silent but the light rain had pushed people inside their homes. No one was outside and the empty streets could have been the aftermath of a total annihilation so silent and eerie it felt. No one outside. No signs of life. Tall dark buildings and semi secluded cottages living all together, side by side. But no signs of life. He lit a match against his coat and the small joint hanging from a corner of his mouth turned on, red bright, life.
He inhaled the smoke and before he knew she drew a gun and cocked the gun.
"I came here to tell you that you wont return"
"What the hell are you talking about?"
"You know very well what is the best skills this guy has"
"Dont know what you are.." and then he stopped
Of course he had kidded himself for 31 days. Deep inside he knew that this Mr. Perfect whose life was so immaculate and pristine had the right set of skills for one thing and one thing only: starting all over again.
That was it. He felt it again and unlike before he let it wash all over him from head to toes.
"So this is why I couldnt return earlier" he said. " Because you knew it was a one way ticket"
"yes"
"But why?"
"Because we are all dying" she said. "Because I love you so much to witness your death. We intercepted some intel that suggested we are all doomed. The lands are so heavily radiated. And on top of that, if anyone of us is alive after 2 weeks, there is a massive attack from the North to wipe us all out. And they want the lands we occupy. So you see, there is no escape"
He wanted to protest but his soul gave up. He wouldnt see her again. He sighed and inhaled one more time. The joint turned off before it touch the ground.
Drusilla aimed at his chest. 
"Throw the ring away. To the ground."
He did it and she fired a single shot. The shrapnel and some dust hit him in the face. The ring was gone. Then before he could reach she put a bullet to the head.
His screams echoed for a long time but the rain outside hid his crying.

Two weeks later he saw on National TV how the bombs obliterated what was left of the South. A single orange envelope arrived one day before the final strike.
He was given the blueprints and instructions on how to assemble a new machine.



