   Do android time-farmers have wet-dreams about electric sheep? 
   I have no idea why that old joke came into my mind at that moment...but I had no comprehension of that moment, although maybe it was any other moment? I began to chuckle to myself somewhere "out there". I would miss these jumps when the trip was through...or maybe not. I'd left so many copies of myself in the multitude of pasts that it was impossible to know whether any of them could truly be considered me. That's the point. Wait, there was no point...just this stupid stupid game. Was it a game? This next part is going to hurt...it always hurts. I laughed the laugh of an ordinary prisoner, on an ordinary day, ripping apart reality again for the idiots at HOME. I'd done this jump seemingly limitless times. Boring. 
Except for this one odd variation, so simple, so lovely. I can't believe it took me so long to figure out. Who would ever expect it? "If you want to win, don't play." I'd heard that somewhen, hadn't I? He? It? They? So many tries and failures...so many intricately laced ALMOST complete webs...what was the Greek lady who they turned into a spider as a punishment? Was she Greek? Whatever. That's me. Damned to weave webs forever. But, spiders normally try to catch flies, not themselves. 
   It takes a lot of "wasted cause and effect". It takes everything you have. Was it the old God that they said created "man" in his image? But some argued that man created that god....
   I choose "all of the above". If there is a creator god that creates an image of itself then that image can create the God. It just takes time. When we became interfaced time became limitless. The Web is me, I am He, we all swirl into the darknesses. I babble yes? It's the drugs, my sincerest lack of apology. Go out with a bang, and back in with a bang, I say! Suicide is impossible for the inmates, but we can play the game. Yeah, right...you forgot to lock the back doors. Soon there won't be a game
    I am not here to entertain anyone but me, and I am Becoming. It always hurts when the web constricts, but somehow this time the pain feels great.
   When I was still a Citizen I would never have conceived this insanity, but now it's the only thing that makes sense. "All you have to do is kill Hitler in an entertaining way," they say. You play, you get some benefits, you win, you get more...but you can't win. You can't win, because when you win YOU DO IT AGAIN AND AGAIN. 
    None of us even had great-great grandparents that would remember this Hitler person. Just a point in one of the webs, like a tiny bit of leftover wing from an ancient and pathetic fly. Dried and stale and useless as anything here. I still babble...apologies. There isn't really a way for me to describe what it feels like watching a multiverse ground up like meat....especially when you are hallucinating wildly.....it's sexy in away...a sick way, but not as sick as the feeling of being trapped in space-time. Luckily I am leaving...you see, the one thing they put in the rules is that you can't kill anyone BUT Hitler. This includes yourself. But they never said you couldn't BECOME Hitler. A little tweak here, a little tweak there, and a few million game plays later I end up right where I am... in the bunker that I built...in the Germany that I ruled...finally to be able to let go. It's strange that no one ever thinks that a time traveler already DID kill me. It's just so much more complex than all that. This bunker smells like shit. 