One of the biggest things mortals don't realize about dragons is that we are actually incredibly social creatures. I suppose part of it is that humans simply don't live long enough to fully grasp our social lives.  A short trip abroad for us actually lasts the greater part of their lifetime, so it makes a great deal of since for them to be so clingy. 

However the greatest tragedy out of all of this is that they will never be able to fully experience a great joke.
Like many dragons I have felt an urge to live amongst humans from time to time, and I have found their understanding of humor and wit to be surprisingly well developed for beings who have such a short time to learn it.  Their only failing in this category is that they do not have the attention span required for the build up and implementation of a truly great punchline.

This is yet another fault of having such a short lifespan, as I do not doubt their capability for humor and practical jokes would increase if they had a longer time for set up. 

As an example, were you aware that many humans believe the height of practical humor is throwing *pies* at each other? I suppose we should all be grateful that food is plentiful enough in most settlements that wasting it is no longer considered a killing offense, but it is still nothing in comparison to draconic humor.

As we all know the set up of a truly good practical joke, or "prank" as humans now call them, requires several decades, even centuries if we are to do it correctly. 

Take the joke I played on my friend K'rashnar for example.
K'rashnar and I are as close as clutch mates, but a few millieums ago he did something that vexed me. I usually pride myself on being quite forgiving, but this particular offense was something I simply could not let stand. So as revenge for this slight, I started to plan.


I knew K'rashnar had a little den out in the desert that he liked to stay in during the colder centuries, which he mostly left abandoned until the next ice age.  While he had many dens like this all over the globe, this one was his favorite. 

It was a beautiful little place that he had spent a very long time polishing so that it would perfectly fit his need, to the point that the poor bastard had even taken the time to set up a complex hidden irrigation system that would divert water from a lake! 

I also knew, of course, that K'rashnar had a greater disdain for shapeshifting to co-habitate with humans than I did. That's why he insisted on setting up his little den in the middle of the desert, as he was absolutely certain that humans wouldn't look twice at what appeared to be a big pile of rocks when there well established oasises in the opposite direction.

What he did not count on was what would happen if someone were to lead them there, which was exactly what I did!

After I managed to convince the first caravan to stop and rest there, it became a major stop for every single trade expedition in the area. Eventually the humans decided they liked it enough that they started carving homes and businesses into the cave walls! By the time the next Ice Age rolled around, they were well established there, and K'rashnar could barely even fly over the area without sending all of them into a panic!

You should have seen his face when he realized the entire canyon had been converted! It was well worth him avoiding me for a century, and with time (and the revelation that I moved his horde to one of his other, less human friendly, dens), even he has learned to appreciate the humor in it. 

Sadly I doubt that the humans will ever get the joke themselves, even if they played such a huge part in it. I am especially disappointed that they will never understand why naming the city Petra in my honor only makes it more hilarious.
