a couple of bad words and NSFW moments, but i wanted to share a twisted version towards my prompt.....i have never submitted a prompt here and i would appreciate the feedback...thanks guys

The sting of alcohol was only the beginning. The delirious and powerful waves of mixing magic mushrooms was at its peak. For what else can happen at this moment? A slight fixation caused by more insidious thoughts swirled around the man sitting alone in his room. The pulsating bass of a concert can be heard coming through the walls. The continuing muffled music can be closely followed by the drowned out panning of a lead vocalist. But this man was only drawn to the dark corner of his room. The only place where the single lamp hanging above the man’s head cannot shine through. Turning his body around, the man faced the gigantic mirror littered with broken lights on top, resembling the stereotypical makeup station a classic Hollywood actress would have. Yet, instead of makeup placed in front of him, there was only a razor, empty bottles of 40 oz. malt liquor, and the last of the crushed up rocks he so savagely devoured. 

The man looked at himself in the mirror, staring deeply into his own wild, red, dilated eyes.

“Why must I continue with this lifestyle of mine? Riddled by crime and cursed by this treason of rhyme?”

Suddenly two loud knocks can be heard at the door followed by a deep but penetrating voice.

“Alex! You’re on in five, your openers are almost done. I’m pulling their shit if they try to sneak in an encore.”

Alex picks up one of the bottles in front of him and throws it to the door shattering marvelously in slow motion. Each piece of glass beginning to shine with color, and for a brief second, Alex is lost within the noise of the shattering. 

All sound is lost as the tension between the door grows heavier by the millisecond and finally ends by one powerful bang on the other side of the door.

“As your manager, you need fucking help.”

Alex continues to stare at the broken glass in front of him, slowly but surely they begin to float up. Slowly, but oh so slowly. And then without warning.

A giggle.

Alex redirects his losing gaze to the dark corner of the room, where the silhouette of a child’s body can be seen, masked so diligently within the darkness. 

Alex turns himself around and picks up the razor, muttering to himself. “The only thing I want right now is some legit green, but you show up and take away what I need. At first I wanted this power so viciously, but yet I am forgotten by my own philosophy. Naw, it wasn’t the weed that I was looking for, just this monster inside that I have to feed. Always wanting more.”

Alex faces his head down and breaks up one of the white magical rocks, separating it into three separate lines. Still muttering to himself. “The price of this is only what I reminisce, for you, here you go my little friend, bliss is what you need and what you miss, the ultimate price to talk in a way that I surely miss.”

A giggle again, but this time right next to Alex’s ear. 

Looking up against the mirror, Alex can see the magical tricks that brought him here, the so fore mentioned magical creature that locked him within this curse of rhyme, only to pay with the price of time. Green placid skin, wearing just a simple black tunic. Smiling, smiling, smiling.    That smile that is only consumed by the greed of magic. With a slow and almost feverish voice, it speaks.

“Well, well, well. Well, well, motherfucking well. This is all the gold you have for me?” 

Looking down against the mirror, the creature waves his hands above the three white lines. The white lines melt together forming a circle with a star, then suddenly, the creature takes one big breath and the newly drawn picture floats up in the air directly towards the creature’s nose.

“Well, well, well. This is the best you can get? I would have thought a man in your position could obtain some better gold, but then again, you always take the best for yourself.” The creature takes a slight step back. “Well……hmmm…. This is new…Well! Well! WELL! This I like, a little slow, but it hits. Gimme more…. NOW!

The last word came more like a growl, the unhesitant power of his voice spit out some of it’s saliva towards Alex’s face. The saliva smelled like old urine.

Alex turns his head so he can directly face towards the creature, but its not there. 

A giggle.

Re-facing the mirror, the creature can be seen against the mirror staring furiously at Alex. 

Reaching under the desk, Alex opens a mini fridge, revealing a plethora of malt liquors neatly organized inside. He takes two out and opens them with his teeth. Using the bottom back of his back teeth, he closes his jaw creating a natural bottle opener inside his mouth. 

The creature stares at him with a grin,” I see you picked up some magical tricks on the road. Well, well, well.” He picks up the second malt liquor handed to him by Alex and drinks it like he just came out of the desert. His gulping was infuriatingly loud. Each gulp unnaturally longer than the next. “Another!” Alex hands him his own as he reaches down towards the fridge for more. By the time he opens the other one, there are now two more empty bottles of malt liquors in front of him. 

Both continue this cycle with a prolific vengeance. The creature drinking away the secret hidden gold stash created by Alex. 

With the mini fridge empty, Alex looks at the creature through the mirror.

“you only binge to me by the spell you have, this curse that plays of which I once had. Its only a matter of time before I swivel this position, this assumption and ransom that holds us tightly together. Your only here because you’re a manifestation of what I desire. But because of my fault, I’ve continuously battled my fires with constant liars and I truly wish to retire”

The creature looked at Alex, “What the fuck are talking about?”

“I never wanted to reach this level, or at least not with out the help of an unknown rebel. So please, lets carry this cycle that you thrown with me, this atrocity of hell that can never be. Can you not foretell? This crazy subjectivity that carries me on, but I can’t live forever. Who is going to feed the monster within you that makes you feel better?”

The creature smashed his hand against the desk, breaking every single piece of the leftover white rocks. With another swivel of his hand, the newly formed powder began to swirl towards the creature’s nose. Like clockwork, the powder formed a circle and a star and directly slid inside the creature’s nose. But as the powder flew in, there was a slight hesitation. The creature sneezed, releasing all that was within him. 

“WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS?”

Alex only grinned back at him. “That’s your gold, exactly what you foretold. You wanted the best, well, well, well. Its time for you to take a rest. For that is the best that I could get, plus a little of my magic that will remind you that I will never forget. Your greed is what destroyed me, but my consumption is my own story. This here is where I break the fun, you stupid leprechaun.”

Suddenly three knocks pounded at the door.

“Alex! Open this fucking door NOW!”

The door handle began to rattle back and forth, rigorously shifting back and forth. 

“you were due five minutes ago! You have a sold out show! Are you going to flake out on them again! this is not something to trivial with.”

The pounding continued, for what it seemed like an eternity. Pounding, pounding, pounding. Finally, the door was kicked opened. But what was seen inside the room was Alex sprawled across the floor. 

“Alex! Alex! Wake up! Don’t…. Don’t’ fuck with me again!”

Alex’s manager and three others went inside the room. His manager picked him up from the floor, holding on to him. “Someone call 911!”

The three others just looked at each other as they marveled towards the consumption they already knew. The ridiculous amount of empty bottles and the missing amount of certain substances that had to be consumed by Alex.
“Hey um, I’m out of here, I sold him some stuff and I ain’t getting caught for this shit.”

The three ran away leaving Alex and his manager alone in the room.

Alex’s manager managed to take his phone out and dial 911, but as he was guiding the 911 operator towards the location of the accident, he saw for a brief second the silhouette of a child sprawled against the darkest corner of the room against the mirror. But when he looked back at the actual corner, there was nothing there. Only the question of where the lamp showed where. showing within all all who who care.

EDIT:Reformatting