I awoke to the day just like any other. Today was my birthday and the excitement I felt was underwhelming. I had always been the outcast of the collective I found myself in, and henceforth had never really had companionship or involvement with any members or practices of the tribe. But one tradition that I had always banked on was that on my 18th cycle of seasons I would be granted a gift of strength in this world.

Many before me had been this gift and the results had varied, with alot recieving weapons and induction into the tribes watch, hunting squad or raiding party. But few would be given other gifts, magical gifts like the ability to see the future, read minds, control people's thoughts and transient thinking and outer bodily experiences to name a few. These people became the seers and unlike those given weapons answered to no man as there powers gifted were not of man.

As I headed into the tribe center I was met by Sandria a beautiful girl of the tribe and the closest person I felt to though I'm sure she felt distant from me. Upon walking up she laughed saying how no ritual preparation was made, and that I would be forever a child in this world without it, then turning leaving me alone in the space where my coming of age should have been taking place. Now usually I would not let this bother me, but as this ritual seemed to be my only chance to make a go of this tribe or escape this news was rather disheartening. So doing my best avoiding the stares of the other tribesmen I made my way back to my shack to hide for the day.

My shack was not only the smallest in the tribe, but it was atop a hill and furtherest from the tribes center. With minimal furnishings and breaks in the structure most nights were cold and uncomfortable, a feeling I had grown quite used to in this world. I layed down on my rugging in the corner and thought about how I would escape this life, and as I thought the world drifted back into darkness.

When I awoke the day had already passed and the moon was high and full in the sky. I now sat up with a jolt, as a figure of a man in a dark cloak sat in the corner of the room. He spoke once I noticed him using my name even though I was sure I did not recognise the voice.

"Argent I come here on the full moon of your 18th birthday. A poor farm boy found by the tribe that killed your parents. You have always felt out of place here and that is the reason, you live with those that killed who you loved. But I death have compassion for those jilted by those not honoring that death comes with a system of responsibility. And so Argent I offer you my scythe, a magical weapon that will bring fear and respect from those that hear your name. A tool to gain vengeance for your kind and a means to your escape! What say you, do you accept this gift"

Still a little stunned I finished processing what was said, then with no hesitation accepted my gift. Now for the first time I caught a glimpse of the figures face as a sinister smile crept from ear to ear on its face. Something did not feel right and with a name like death I was not sure that this person could be trusted, but my distaste for the day and my willingness to escape this life saw me reaching for the scythe that he held out. Upon grabbing the scythe I felt a flash through my whole body as its power coursed through me. This was definetly no joke and no ordinary scythe.

Now still smiling Death turned to leave saying over his shoulder "There is work to be done for the gift you recieved, and would recommend taking advantage of the full moon!" Then without another word he swept out of the doorway and into the darkness. I listened to those words a few times in my head before I myself had to smile. This was it, a chance to escape this place and find a new life, and a chance to hurt those that hurt me for so long.

Making my way towards the rest of the tribe now, I felt completely calm, collected and confident in what I must do, and entered into the first shack. As I approached not a sound was made and nothing stirred, and I watched as Derwalt the lead hunter silently bled out next to Hilda the only female hunter. I stood and watched them both astonished at how easy it was to kill them, and felt almost an excitement as I moved onto the next shack.

The power of the scythe was amazing as I remained invisible and silent to all those I targeted. Most sleeping but even those awake seemed unable to see or notice me. Which honestly seemed fitting as this occurred alot before I received the scythe and was partly to why the tribesmen were now losing there life. Finally I came to Sandria's shack, the one girl I had found a liking to out of everyone here and my hands started to sweat. I walked into the shack to find her reading by candle light, as she was one of intellect and wisdom. Almost instantly she looked up and hesitation spread on her face. "Argent what are you doing, and why do you bring a scythe in here?"

The scythe was still dripping with blood of the tribesmen which had also spattered onto myself also, and as Sandria saw this clearer she drew her own knife backing to the corner. I wash of resentment came over me as I placed the scythe on the ground and apologising for the shock. But as i stood back up Sandria 
screamed and I felt a cold presence behind me. Turning around I saw Death with his scythe which I had placed in front of me now in his hands. "You have failed Argent, and for that you lose this gift. This tribe is fated to death except you. And you alone could survive out here, but without my scythe I doubt it"

Death's focus now set on Sandria, who was squatted with her head in her knees crying, and in a clear voice said Sandria I'm sorry but its time to leave" I now realised that this Death had already planned to kill the tribe and had made me a puppet. And now not only that but he now wants to kill the only person that was probably truly worth saving, but I would not let this happen. So screaming at Sandria to run I grabbed hold of Deaths hands to try and keep control of his scythe while she escaped.

Then a searing flash passed through me, I was filled with pain, despair and suffering. I saw so much death and decay like the whole history of loss in this world was pouring into me at a rate that would show all in moments. More people and living creatures than I could count had died by the hands of this being, but most were not through combat but rather peaceful endings. And then I saw Sandria and the atrocities she had committed killing children and laying with enemies. I could taste blood in my mouth and seeing red believed my eyes to be bleeding also. My chest was so tight and sore it was about to explode, but I now realised that this was it, this was my escape and how I moved on. Then with that relaxing thought I let myself go and drew my final breaths as my world fell into darkness forever more..