She was in a hurry this time, Family Feud comes on in a few hours, she had to finish cleaning the body, finish masking her presence. Glancing down at her watch, she thought, "*Maybe I'll see him today? I wonder which pants he'll be wearing today. Maybe he got a haircut? That'd be nice*.". 

She stepped over the body as she walked to the kitchen, when she reached the phone on the wall she cleared her throat and let out a terribly loud scream, enough to wake the whole apartment complex. Picking up the phone she dialed 9-1-1 in a hurry, beginning to shorten her breaths. "*Hello, what is your emergency?*" She replied "*My, my boyfriend! He's on the floor and he won't wake up! Please help, oh my God, I'm so scared!*", "*That'll do it*", she thought. She hung up the phone and wiped it of her prints. He should be on his way.

She waited patiently within the crowd as it developed, blending in. The crowd had gotten there so fast, there was no way to tell who was there first. By now she was just another curious bystander, waiting for the ambulance to arrive. It took longer than usual before she heard the sirens, her heart began beating inside of her chest like an angry animal locked in captivity, she knew he would come, she just knew it, there's no way he couldn't. He was working today, that much she knew. And the apartment was so close to where he works it must be him they send, no one else can do the job like him! As the door flew open, there he was, her grim reaper, death. His eyes are always the first thing she notices, a bright green, befitting death himself. He looked determined, he looked like a hero, and he looked like he was wearing the gray pants today. "*No haircut*." She thought, as he raced into the apartment where the stranger's corpse laid dormant. She stood there, soaking in every moment, it's not every day you see the grim reaper -*her grim reaper*- sometimes he is off of work.

 He soon backed out of the room, his posture, his jawline, the way he held the gurney, it was all impressive, no one else could do it like him, yet he had help. "*They were merely there as cover*", she thought, "*Death wouldn't come alone, it's too obvious*." She reassured herself. He was leaving, like he always did, off to take the man away, "*Only if he would look at me*". "*He never did, he is always too busy taking what I have ended. That's why there will be a next time*", there always is one. "*He'll notice me, and I'll be smiling, because that's the day I will call for him to take me, too*."