"Aw, for the love of-" I cry out as my bag knocks over a tower of canned meat. I knew I should gave left it in the car, but I always felt uneasy leaving it alone. I take it off and put it next to me. I start to pick up the Spam with a heavy sigh.

A boy in a Giant uniform starts picking them up with me, and I feel his name floating in the air. Alexander. I have to admit, it wasn't a bad name. Better than James, that was for sure. We manage to get everything neatly stacked in about three minutes. "Thanks, Alex," I say, picking up my bag again. I turn to go, but the boy grabs my arm. "What did you just say?" he says, his voice barely a whisper.

I frown. "I just said, 'thanks, Alex'. I just read your nametag and-" I pause, reading his nametag for the first time. John, not Alex, and definitely not Alexander.

He pulls me into the bread aisle and shoves me against a pillar, his arm against my windpipe. "I haven't heard that name in centuries," he says, his eyes wide with fear. "How do you know it?"

I hold up my hands in surrender. "I honestly don't know how I know. All I know is that I know people's names before I know it." I start to cry, the stress freaking me out. I had just wanted to get a box of Cheerios, and now I was being choked by a boy with two names.  "Honest."

Alex removes his arm from my throat, and I collapse on the floor. "Okay, I believe you." He looks me over, and seems to notice my bag for the first time. "What's in there...?" He reaches for it, and I grab his wrist. He looks at me and blinks. I let go, but I glare at him through my tears. "No one touches my bag. No one." I try to look intimidating, but end up looking more intimidated.

"Well, I must," he says, and before I can react, my bag is in his hands. He opens it and stares inside. "What...?" He pulls out my notebook and flips it open.

"No, don't!" I cry out, lunging for it, but he dodges to the side. He stares intently at the pages, and looks at me. "How do you know these things?" he whispers. "This knowledge has been lost for millenia."

I frown. I've had a lot of reactions to my stories, but that is a new one. "What are you talking about? That's just my story notebook." I snatch it back, and Alex let's go, stunned. "I like to write,"

"How do you write these stories?" Alex asks. "I need to know this."

I frown. "I don't know how to explain it. Sometimes a story just... comes to me, on a breeze." I feel an inkling of an idea, and I take a pencil from my pocket. "Like now." I sit down and start writing, my pen flying across the paper. Some of it is full sentences, but most of it is fragments and broken up. The lost one's will is stolen. The wings of truth. The sword's shadow. I quickly fill up the page, and move on to the next one. Alex stares at me and the words with amazement, but I hardly notice him anymore. I'm writing, and the ideas are flowing. I finally put down the pencil a few pages later, my hand starting to cramp. Alex takes the notebook from my lap and looks at what I had just written. From his locker he pulls out a small journal and flips it open. I tilt my head at the journal. It's similar to one I used to have, a small pocket notebook, but while mine was cheap cardboard, his is bound in red leather. I feel a sense of age from the book, as it had stories written in it older than I could imagine. Alex looks at me one more time, and this time I notice a light in the his eyes, as if someone had lit a bonfire in his head. "You need to come with me."

"What? Why?" He ignores my protests and grabs my arm. "I don't want to go anywhere. I need to get back home!"

"Sorry," Alex says, and I see the light flare for a second as a the shelves around us melt into a forest. "But a new seer has to come with me." He turns and stares me in the eyes. "You might be our only hope."