*I know my gramma isn’t great but I just love writing stories*

"You need to pull yourself out of this” she protested. “This place is disgusting!” Emma wasn’t wrong. I hadn’t left my apartment in 3 weeks. Pizza and chinese food boxes littered every crevasse making it more like the space of a 14 year old boy living without parents. Socks and other random items of crusty clothing littered the rooms leaving no breathable space for me to exist. Emma moved a t shirt out the way and next to me and with a patronizing look of concern exclaimed
“I’m worried, Dennis. I really am. I think you’re depressed.” I sort of chucked to myself, without looking in any other direction that the ground below me. 
“I want to call your mum.” She presented, like a gift I never asked for.
“You can’t” I assured her. “She’s… gone.” Emma looked startled. 
“Oh, jesus, Dennis. Is this why you’re being like this? I had no idea!” I assumed she thought I meant that she gone, died. In some ways she had, she’d gone feral. The term we use when one of our own abandons this strange human existence we got thrown into, and uprooted to a true lizard place of life. For my mum, that was the Galapagos. She left 4 weeks ago and I haven’t heard from her since. When we go feral, we go feral. It’s outside of our friends or families control, sort of an unwritten constitution of the lizard humans which means you can’t take it lightly. Once you go, you go. Sure, it was a shock, but we operate differently. Humans are so fragile, they rely so heavily on others to fulfill their own happiness. I’m happy mum got out, if anything, I’m incredibly jealous. It takes guts to go feral. It’s a real deal type of scenario. But, this fell perfectly in place for sweet Emma.
“Yeah... “ I mumbled. “That’s why. I miss her”. Emma put her arm around me and her head on my shoulder. 
“I’m so sorry, Dennis. I had no idea.” I figured she may as well have been dead, it’s not like I can tell Emma that she’s actually a lizard person and has gone feral, but for a moment, I wanted to. 

The truth is, I was mad. I was pissed off. The lizards folks are truly a step up in evolution to regular humans. I have a soft spot for humans, I have good friends, I’ve found a weird place in human society where I fit, but they’re just so painfully stupid. We were promised we would be the high force of planet earth, we don’t have numbers on our side (we’re currently closing in on 1billion) but we have brains, and vigor. The lizard government has sunken too deep into the human world, that if we were to at last present ourselves, there would be all out destruction and war, which, is not what we want. We simply want to take the burden from humans, their brains aren’t capable of this level of chaos. If we took control, humans would be more like dogs, happy, thankful and loyal. But instead we’re invisible entities disguised as humans, watching helplessly as they destroy each other and planet earth. 

The first rule of being a lizard is to never, under any circumstance reveal yourself, until the higher counsel has deemed it appropriate. When this happens, you’ll know. We’ve all seen some of us slip up. News reporters blinking with their side eyes, camera flashes capturing our inner retina, and some people have even admitted it. David Ike, from the U.K. is really the only human outside of lost souls latching onto something they don’t believe, that knows we exist. Our people are sort of charmed by him, he’s no threat. 
“Dennis, let’s get you outside” said Emma, warmly. To tell you the truth, I just wanted to tear her clothes off, and sink my teeth into her limbs and feast. I forgot to mention, we have a pretty obscure diet. In the cruel face of reality, the most tempting food source for us is human flesh. We eat animals, we eat vegetables, to be honest, we eat anything humans do, except for humans. It’s the sacred flesh we crave, and some have slipped. Humans call them Cannibals, but they’re mostly lizard people. Ever wondered they’re always so early smart and aware of what they’re doing? Bingo. 
I snapped out of my ravenous hunger. I’ve succumb to it before, three times infact. Long story, but yeah, I’m not perfect. Emma though, Emma is different. She’s smart and sweet and kind, I really don’t want to have to eat her. 
“OK” I jumped up “you’re right. I need some air, some fresh fucking air and some red meat!” 
“Yay!” She squeeled. “Let’s get this man to a BBQ!”
Sweet Emma, if only she knew. Here we go with another day being surrounded by clueless, emotional and naive humans. When will my day come. 
