"So it's definite?"

"Sure is buddy."

"I can't, even wrap my head around it."

"Hey, it all takes a minute for all of us."

"How, how did you cope?"

"Well, when I got here they were going to throw me into the lowest level of hell, being a divorce lawyer and all. Stealing babies from their parent, gouging hard working individuals for gold digging companions. I mean, they were going to ship me off to the worst place in all the hellish levels of the deep red beyond for all of eternity, if it weren't for my quick wit and suggestion that I may instead continue my everlasting work in repentance."

"W-what?"

"I told them I'd help as many innocent people at the gates as I could. Are you with me now kid?"

"Yeah, sure. Wait. No. Hold on. So you're saying that you got out of it by offering repentance? By doing your sin over and over again?"

"Well, I'm helping people."

"Okay, well fine. So what am I being charged with?"

"Oh you know, the usual kid, the usual. Not listening to your parents, having coitus outside of marriage, breaking a young girl hearts, not going to Church, but I think the big one was joining a religious faction to meet a girl."

"What? That's the big one?"

"Well, I'm not sure. See, humans have lived so long out of the holy zone that our everyday lives are practically sin. I mean, if you ever worked on a Sunday?"

"My boss...!"

"Sure, sure. He'll get one hell of the heel boot for that one, but you were still a participant."

"It was that or lose my house!"

"See, that therin lies the problem. God's been calling, but no one has been answering. Did you know it took Jonah, or wait was it Job? Maybe it was Jacob, a whole bunch of tries before he begat all worldly possession and allowed God to steer his path?"

"Wasn't that Siddhartha Gautama?"

"Who?"

"Fucking Buddha!"

"Hey, hey. Well according to the rules up here, that Sidd guy isn't in here. Didn't go to Church or nothing. Amen."

"Are you kidding me? Buddha? Buddha's in hell? Oh god, what chance do I..."

"Don't worry kid, you got me. Don't worry. Now come on, breathe, get it together. You got anything that's going to help us out? Win this case? Send you through the pearly gates?"

"I don't, maybe theres...well I'm a vegetarian."

"Really?"

"Nooo," the man breaks down in tears, "I occasionally eat pork. Pork," he moans. "Bacon, bacon, bacon. Sometimes I go down to the corner ways and order the spit roast pork from those stoic Chinese people who I think actually like me because I partake in their culture; they even give me pork shumai for free in my b-b-b-bagggg."

"Get it together kid," the lawyer looks into his eyes, "Now you've only got one shot, one opportuni..."

"PRESENT YOUR CASE!"

The clouds had parted and the great gates shone in all of its magnificent glory. The angels surround the light as a booming voice echoes from the far reaches of Heaven.

"I SAID PRESENT YOUR CASE," came the voice of an angel.

"Lord, this young, pst, what's your name?"

"Billie Jean," the young man groaned as he wiped the tears off the back of his hand.

"Young Billie, has committed no crime. Unless being human is a crime. He has loved, he has lost, he has grown anger, and he has grown wiser from it all, under the grace of your house, lord."

"We only want to address a few key items this time Lucious," said an angel.

"Oh my g---go-goodness. You're the devil," cried the young man.

"That's Lucifer damnit, ugh, never, nevermind." The lawyer turned back toward the angel, "Please address them your grace."

"The blasphemer has used the lords name in vain," the angel announced.

"And so many have, as they keep the lord's name close to their thoughts. It is no longer used in such context or reference as it were in the old day. For instance, 'Oh shut up,' means to get out of here, and get out of here means something like no way, you know what? Have you watched the Princess Diaries? They explain it so much better than I could."

After a moment of silence, "Fine," boomed the voice that veiled behind the light.

"Onto the next matter then," called the angel. "It says here that the young man has induced self pleasure! Which is blasphemy!"

The lawyer spoke, "Surely..."

"Speak not," came the angel's cry. "Self pleasure is a sin, procreation for pleasure is a sin, killing the offspring of the Almighty is a sin!"

"Surley, it couldn't have been that often?"

"THIRTY THOUSAND SIX HUNDRED AND SIXTY NINE TIMES," proclaimed the angel shrilly.

The lawyer turned to the young man and mouthed, "30,000 something times? You're only 32!"

"It wasn't everyday," the young man moaned.

"That's, good fu...freaking way. That's nearly 4 times a day since you were 11."

"It wasn't everyday," the young man repeated.

"So what did you do? Play catch up on certain days?!" The lawyer used his knuckle to rub between his eyebrows, "Never, never mind." The lawyer looked to the angel and asked, "What will the punishment be?"

"One year..."

"Oh thank you lord," the young man suddenly sprung to his feet and shouted in elation.

"...for every count."

"W-what...but that'll be 30 thousand years...in hell...."

"THIRTY THOUSAND SIX HUNDRED AND SIXTY NINE YEARS!"

"No!" shouted the young man, "There has to be something I could do? Something? Anything!" The young man turns to his lawyer, "Please, you've got to help me. There has to be a loop hole."

"No, the rules are clear, they're definite and inarguable."

"But you got out of it!"

"It's just a lighter sentence."

"Come on, please," the young man begged.

The lawyer thinks for a moment before turning to the angel, "Only sodomy is a sin right?"

"CORRECT!"

The lawyer turns to the young man and says, "Well, you're not going to hell."

"Oh thank you, thank you!"

"But I don't think you're going to like it either."

"Anything is better than hell right?"

The lawyer faces the angel and proclaims, "My client would like to plead for the right to repent in his sins by inducing pleasure for all further male sinners cited for self pleasure, in order to help create a solution in the um, filtering, before the high court."

"Granted!"