The musky smell of sweat covered him as he pulled me into the bathroom.  I had never seen his eyes so filled with life in the eons that had passed.     

"It's right there honey, come follow me." He pointed at the mirror. I decided to take the bait, wondering what prank awaited me this time.  He touched the mirror, and to my surprise his hand dipped through. He started to walk through it holding my hand.  I let out a scream. Either he was serious for once or the budget for his prank would ruin us financially.     

I opened my eyes to a new world, clean water shimmered down fertile banks with birds breaking out in heavenly song as a yellow sphere of gas warmed us. Fauna: lush, robust and vibrant walked the grounds in hues I had never thought possible in life.     

I turned to him shocked. "You did all of this?"  

He was almost bursting with pride. "Yes I did, and there's more." He held my hands, and guided me to the East. In the distance I saw structures, similar to what we had.  There was a city. It's inhabitants were exactly like us. They filled their cities with our images and when I closed my eyes, I heard it: Prayer. The beautiful dedication and supplication that fueled me, and it came in an ocean strengthening me, making me soar higher and higher until I radiated with the life force that oozed as sparks in the air.  

"How did you?" 

"I just found it here and got to work." he said. He took me to my temple where my pre-made throne of silver sat. Then he vanished to our home to gather the rest of our things.     

It must have been months of madness before the first loose string appeared.  In the month of harvest a barn was set on fire. At first we thought it petty rivalry, but then a circle with 4 lines etched across made us think otherwise. It was a group. A group with a symbol, was a group with a belief.    

I was promised it would be taken care of, and sure enough it never happened again. Until it did. 5 months later a building in the city was set on fire. This time he wasn't there, the reports came to me.  

"Who is this?" I inquired. The answers did not come as I wanted, so I waited until night to conduct my own search. I floated through the city streets, through the outskirts, finally, in a back alley at the limits of the city wall I found it. A door with the same circle etched on it. It was so faint many would have missed it, but for me it glowed with belief of those inside. I didn't materialize, instead waited until the people inside would walk out.  

It was almost dawn when the first figures walked away. Some shifted their gaze around making sure they weren't seen as they walked their way home. Something about them looked odd, I couldn't pinpoint it, maybe it was their noses or eyebrows. They didn't belong.    

I followed one to his home, a small hut in the outskirts.  Materializing in his home I nearly killed him with fright when he saw me appear.    

"Who are you?"    

"Oh my Great Realis!" He scampered around looking for something. Probably a blade. I pinned him to the ground, and raised a stick to his eye.  

"Who do you worship?"  I asked.    

"I follow Revi," he said bravely.  I could sense his resolve. He followed Revi with all his heart. It had been a long time since Revi was mentioned in the celestial circles.  

"Why would you follow Revi? Have we not provided you with everything?" If the god was trying to create a name here after all our work, he would have another thing coming.     

"You? You left us to die, killed us, called it a cleansing so that you could take everything that Revi had done."     

It was my turn to be confused. "Revi? You believe Revi did this 1000 years ago?"  

"No 2000 years ago before you came along and took everything, I am not afraid to die, I will finally see my maker."    

I decided to let go of him. He stood up, adjusted his collar and gave me a defiant look.  

"So what do you believe happened?"  

"Not believe, know." 

"How can you know?"  

"because we have the truth, from the old books that we hid."  For a minute man and god stared at each other.  

"Show me."  I said.  

"What?"    

"I said show me."    

"What is there to show? How can you not know? Are you not Realis?"    

"I do not know tell me."     

He started to dig beneath his bed.  "Revi made this world, but other gods, jealous of his work they stole this world of his and try to destroy everything. Only a few of us survive. Only a few of us know."  He produced tattered parchment but even I could see the glow of the supernatural that held it together. It is written in our text. The true text of history, and the true story of this world and us, how we had our parents and older siblings killed to be adopted by barren assassins.    

One look at the page and I disappeared from his site. I'd need more than a warm heart to argue with the image on it. It showed Revi in a fight with my husband and afterwards the destruction that the god of water had brought.    

I'd wait for my husband. Noah had a lot of explaining to do.  
   

***
/r/pagefighter    

           



       

         
    
