I can't breathe. Maybe I'm hyperventilating. My chest is to tight to tell. My hands are shaking, still gripping my steering wheel. My heart pounding louder than my own thoughts. My foot is still pressing the brake pedal into the floor board. I hear sirens getting close. My eyes are starting to water. I see something dripping through my shattered windshield, dark and red. Blood, I assume. I hear screaming. Notice people crowding around my car. My door opens. "Sir, are you okay?" asks a woman's voice. She shines a light in my eyes. Touches my neck. Unbuckles my seat belt. She's working quickly. 

"His pupils are dilated, drenched in sweat, rapid pulse. Might have head trauma, Probably just in shock," she yells. "Does it look like he has any injuries?" a man yells back. "There's blood all over his hands, but I don't see any lacerations!" She calls. "Let's get him out and get him on a gurney. Make sure his neck is stabilized, rookie, just in case." 

She puts a neck brace on me and says, "Sir, we're going to get you out of this car, okay?" I shake my head in response. I wish I could tell her that I can't breathe, but she doesn't seemed concerned about my breathing, so I must be okay. I feel hands being touched, pried from the steering wheel. I feel more hands beginning to pull me from the vehicle, slowly. "Are you feeling any pain or discomfort, sir?" a voice asks. I shake my head. As I come out of the car, I see a lot of blood on the ground. I wonder who's it is.  My chest tightens even more. What did I do? I feel myself being rolled back, probably to an ambulance.

"His breathing sounds shallow and labored! Grab a mask, rookie!" the man from earlier shouts. My face feels wet. I think I'm crying. "Go see if you can help with the other case," the man instructs, and the woman leaves. "You're all right, sir. We can't find any injuries on you, but you'll probably still be sore..." His voice fades out. I look at the sky, trying to remember what happened, and why there was so much blood everywhere. "Sir do you remember what happened?" I glace over towards my car and catch eyes with a man in a long black coat. He's just standing there. "Sir, do you remember your name, or anything about the wreck?" I look back at the man who is helping me. Name. What's my name? Logan. "Logan." I choke back, through what they called shallow and labored breathing. "All right, Logan. Glad to hear you talking. Let's see if you can take some deep breaths for me." He says, putting a stethoscope in his ears. I force myself to take as deep a breath as I can. It feels like my chest is breaking open. I begin coughing. "Okay, you're doing good. Let's see if we can get a few more deep breaths in." I breathe in again. More coughing. I feel my heart rate start to slow as I start to calm down. "Great. Your lungs sound clear, and I can tell you are starting to recover from the initial trauma." the EMT says. 

"I'm going to have you sit up, now. You have no injuries, from what we can tell." He removes my neck brace, and does a small inspection. I sit up, and I start to recognize my surroundings, as the man continues to look over different areas of my body. I can see, from out of the back of the ambulance, people inspecting my car. There isn't too much damage, aside from a dent on the hood and the shattered windshield. There is blood all down the front of my car, and covering the ground. Not my blood. Whose? "Logan, do you remember what happened?" "I remember I was on my way to get some groceries. I was driving down to Whole Foods. Then that woman was shining a light in my eyes and asking me questions." I respond. A Police Officer walks up and motions to the EMT, and he leaves. I search for the reason that there is so much blood on my car in my memory. The EMT climbs back into the ambulance and says "The Police need to talk to you, Logan. You aren't in trouble. They just have some questions." He helps me off the gurney, and to climb to the ground. I sit on the back of the ambulance as the EMT walks over to another ambulance.

 "I'm Officer Johnson. You feelin' okay, Logan?" He asks. Guess the EMT told him my name.

"I'm feeling okay. I think I was or still am in shock, or had a panic attack or something. No injuries though, so it seems like I'm pretty lucky."

"You are the lucky one in this situation, Logan. The only survivor." Somehow, probably all the blood, I knew that.

"Do you know what happened? I can't seem to remember." I ask.

"From eyewitness accounts, we presume that the motorcyclist ran a red light which caused you to hit him. He wasn't wearing a helmet, and his head went right through your windshield on the passenger's side." It all comes back. I remember the wreck. The lifeless head hanging from the body in my car, spilling blood everywhere. I feel nothing. Empty. I killed a man. "I'm so sorry that you have to hear all of this. But none of it was your fault. Other drivers said that they barely even saw the motorcyclist. You're not blamed for any of this. We can take you anywhere you need to go, because you car is obviously out of commission." He offers. "Thanks." I reply. "Would you mind just taking me back home?"

Officer Johnson pulls into my driveway. "Thanks again," I say blankly. "Look, if you have any soreness or anything, make sure you get to a doctor. It was a bad wreck," he reminds me. "Yeah, of course. Thanks." I open the car door. "Hey, kid. Don't forget to talk to someone. For your own sake." I loosely smile and begin to walk to my door.  I still can't believe it happened. It's not real yet.

I unlock the door and enter, still feeling empty. My house doesn't look different, but it feels different. Normally, a safe haven. Now, the home of a killer. I toss my keys on the table and notice a small light on my right wrist. There is a bar that runs the length of my wrist labeled "XP." I don't recall getting any tattoos. I don't know what this is or where it came from. I hear a knock at my front door. I walk over and open the door. A man stands there, nervous. "Can I help you, sir?" I ask. The man glances around. He says, "No, but I can help you. I know what's on your wrist. I'm one, too. You need to get out of here. Don't let them find you." His tone gets more and more frantic as he speaks. "If they find you, they will make you keep killing. I know about the wreck today. Don't trust anyone. Get out of here." Suddenly, a bullet flies through the man's head. 

I can't move. I see him fall on my porch, head open, bleeding. I notice a bar on his right wrist labeled "XP," glowing with a similar warm, but dim light. His is about 1/3 full. I slam and lock the door, and run upstairs. I grab my phone and dial 911. The phone isn't ringing. I run into my bedroom and close and lock the door behind me. I can hear someone knocking on the front door. I try 911 again. Still not ringing. I walk to my window, and slowly pull back the curtain. I don't see anyone. They are still knocking on the front door. I weigh my options. I could open the front door and potentially be murdered, or I can climb out my window. Window it is. I check again to see if I see anyone. I open the window and jump down. It's not a far fall, but it's enough to hurt my feet. I start running into the woods behind my house and hear someone call my name behind me. I run faster. how do they know my name?

I run at my fastest pace for as long as I can, which turns out to be about 2 minutes. I slow down and try to catch my breath. I wonder how long I should try to hide out here. I wonder who that man was that was shot. I wonder who the man was that I hit. What is happening today? I hide out in the woods for a couple of hours. How long do I need to hide? How adamant are these people about finding me? I'm not that far into the woods, they could find me if they really wanted. I decide to head back to my house, unsure how I might defend myself if I run into a dangerous situation. I get back to the house and find no one. No dead body or blood on my porch. My window in my bedroom closed, and my front door unlocked. I slowly walk in, tensed and ready to fight, though I have a minuscule knowledge of self-defense. I close and lock the door behind me, and begin to walk upstairs. I hear a voice behind me. "Hello, Logan. Nice of you to return. Why don't you come sit down, so I can explain everything a little bit better?"