“Another pint, John?”

Smiling lazily, I bobbed my head. It’d taken years, but I’d finally got the knack of emoting as a human down pat. Not to say that I didn’t ever relapse into more decidedly *draconian* forms of communication; but those times were few and far between these days.

As Lì slapped a pint of cider down with a smile, I took a deep drink, and sighed in contentment. The hall was full-up, even on a chilly Wednesday afternoon. Marci and Shaad were in the corner, snacking on peanuts, and arguing as always about which classes to push their kids towards. Marci, of course, was insisting, in her trademark, overzealous, aggressive and hyperbolic style that they become wizards, like their father. Shaad, for his part, was arguing that they’d make much better rogues; especially considering the deftness with which they were able to lift cookies from the kitchen.

Old Mark, near the fire, entertaining a plethora of kids and young teenagers with tales of his youth. The bard hadn’t left the town in years, but he still managed to draw a crowd, even though the old guard was could practically tell his stories themselves these days.

There was Jeneane, and Marie-Claude whispering in each other’s ears. A very serious game of poker had been raging for hours between Todd, Sasha, Yuzo and Adia. Yuzo, as always, had lost his entire stake several times, but I knew I wouldn’t have to step in. It was good natured enough; and Sasha would make sure that Yuzo at least kept the shirt on his back.

And so many more. So much life.

I snorted into my drink to steam my cider up to boiling and dropped a clove in. Lì always rolled his eyes at my little ritual; he always insisted his cider was best when ice cold.

The door to the Guildhall slammed open, letting in a gust of winter wind. A handful of eyes towards the entrance, mine included. When I saw who it was; I let out a mild groan.

“Slumming again, *John*?” Sarah announced with a gale-force yell, as she glared in the door, a single massive yellow eye dominating the open frame.

“Hello, dear ex-sister.” I said, giving her my full attention, and walking up to the door. The eye narrowed, *disapproving,* as I made my way on two human legs to the doorway.

I gave the rest of the guildhall a knowing look before ducking out and closing the door. The cold had never really bothered me, nor any of my brood. Hands on hips, I waited for the inevitable dressing down, staring up at the 80-foot tall blue-scaled dragon.

“Mother’s was right to disown you, you know,” Sarah said, her fourteen ton bulk shifting, as she folded her wings back into rest position.

“She gave you twenty years to get your hoard started; even gave you a clutch of eggs as principal. And what did you do?” Sarah snorted derisively, her eyes flicking back to the guildhall, “Build a bar, that, from what my sources tell me, doesn’t even turn a profit.”

“Sarah, I want to show you something. Can you come down here?” I said, gently.

Sarah sighed, but complied, her body shifting; scales melting into smooth dark skin. Though it wasn’t a perfect transformation, it was passable. If you could look past the talons, slit eyes, the occasional rough patch of rock-like scale down her legs, she looked like a perfectly normal, perfectly naked, middle aged woman.

I quickly magicked up a blanket and threw it over her, before guiding her indoors. Everyone had gone back to doing what they did; and barely paid attention to my former sister and I as we entered.

“What do you see?”

“I see a poker game,” Sarah said, narrowing her eyes, “*without* the house taking a cut. I see a daycare service being operated *not-for-profit*. I see food being just *given away*. I see warmth being provided for *free.* I see *failure*. I bet there’s not even forty pounds of gold in the entire establishment; less than what you started with.”

“Mother was right,” She continued, “You’ve spent so long in that body you’re starting to think like *them*. No business sense, whatsoever. I bet you don’t even sleep on a bed of precious metals! Face it little brother. Your life is *empty*. And after I report to mother what I’ve seen here, I think she’ll agree with me. You’ve wasted your last twenty years; accumulated no possessions, grown no horde. You’ll never get back into the family at this point.”

“I don’t see waste, Sarah.” I said, “This is what I’ve built. Marci, sorry, but would you mind coming up here?”

Marci, disengaging from her never-ending acrimony with her husband sauntered over, “What’s up, Guildmaster?”

“I was just telling my sister about how we met,” I said, prompting her to pick up the story, “When Shaad and I needed your help clearing out those Bunlings.”

“And of course, I’m sure you’ve already gone into what a pain in the ass that man can be,” Marci smirked, turning towards Sarah, “But I can’t thank your brother enough for introducing us. The best Godfather our children could ever hope for.”

“Godfather?” Sarah said, stunned.

After a few minutes of small talk, Marci retreated back to her low-key war with her husband.

“Godfather?” Sarah repeated, softer, “Of a human?!”

“That’s what you and mother never understood. They’re just as worthy as us. Except, they don’t obsess over the accumulation of material possessions.”

The poker table collapsed as Yuzo threw it over.

“Well, *most* of them don’t, at any rate. Here, you see waste, and emptiness. I see people I’ve helped. People I’ve hurt. People I’ve grown with, people I’ve cried with. People worth more to me than any horde. And despite what you and mother think; I have no interest in returning into your familial clutches. Here, I see *my* family.”