  Richie knew smoking was bad, but he hardly cared, he figured his occupation would kill him first if he stopped and if he lived long enough to be killed by the collapsing of his lungs, he would be lucky. Either way he enjoyed the smoke, it gave him something to do and more importantly decreased his chance of having an on-site accident, he was expendable everybody was in this business if the price was right and you matched what the client wanted. 

As he was getting the last drag out of his dimly lit cigarette, Mitch entered the room. Mitch wasn’t a sickly-looking man, but he made you feel that way as he entered the room. He was an enormous man, one felt bad for the floorboards themselves as when he walked, they did not creak but rather groaned as if in pain. 

Richie calmly put out the cigarette and said in his hoarse voice “We still don’t have it Mitch, we said we would contact you when we find the right match”

Mitch bellowed out “What do you mean you still don’t have it, it’s been almost a month. I’ve come here every day the past two weeks. What kind of organization are you running if you still can’t get what I’m paying for”?

“You know you’ll get it far sooner than any traditional way. We have a couple prospects that fit the bill but we’re just monitoring them to see which one would be the best fit.”

Mitch’s face contorted for a second before he spoke in high pitched out of breath voice “For the amount I’m paying you, you should have had it in by now. I want to talk to your manager this instance, this is outrageous.”  

Richie sighed and responded, “I’ve told you this before, you can’t talk to my boss, that isn’t how it works”

Mitch spat and said" Your overall business structure must be terrible if you can’t even let me talk to someone who’s higher up than you.”

Richie was getting fed up and raised his voice but calmly let out his opinions on the matter “Our business structure, we harvest organs for God’s sake.  What kind of business structure do you want?  You obviously don’t understand what kind of business structure is needed for our organization. Like I said, we’ll contact you when we decide on the prospect and you’ll have a new lease on life with a new heart in your body” 