Golrin grinned as his hands reached out for the red, throbbing sphere. He loved collecting new items, and even more if they were shiny, mystifying and powerful. The glow bathed his wide-opened eyes and visage. He relished having it, stowing it in his Bag of Holding, and using it only when the situation called for it.

His fingertips touched it and his body got tossed toward a wall. Golrin set his jaw and grumbled mid-air, dugging out an instant matress to hamper the impact.

"A Scout is always prepared," he muttered under his breath, and looked at the spindly sillhoutte in the distance. Whoever it was had heavy steps and great might. Only few people handled magic well enough to haul someone with such strength.

The Hidden Temple's walls trembled as he emerged, as if they were in the verge of crumbling down. Golrin hastily dug out a purple cloud, and blew on it. It expanded throughout the dark chamber, illuminating it and holding the stone in place.

"A Scout is always prepared!" he yelled, defying the grim, robe-clad man who chuckled in the distance.

"A skit is ilways pripirid," the man said, mocking him. He held out his right hand and clenched his fist. The sphere Golrin so desperately wanted flew toward him.

Golrin's blood boiled. His eyes throbbed wildly, as if they were having a seizure. A deep, scalding hatred ran through his veins, and he rose, with a wrath worthy of a god. He upended his Bag of Holding, unleashing a sea of objects. Some shone, others were mere rocks he liked and grabbed on his path, but they all came gushing out in an unstopabble tide of riches.

"What are you doing?" the man said, an edge of desperation on his voice. His eyes grew wild, as they gazed at the tsunami's mouth coming for him. He attempted many spells, but none stopped it. 

Soon, the man found himself trapped amidst the mass of objects, the air started to lack, and with tear-soaked eyes, he let the pressure finally crush him.

In the distance, muffled and weak, Golrin spoke, "A Scout is always prepared," he said, and the Bag of Holding sucked all of the objects back inside, freeing him from an awful death.

Gasping and bruised, Golrin fumbled into his bag. There, shining and beautiful, the sphere lay with the death body of the man underneath it. 

"A Scout is *always* prepared," he said, and walked away.


---------------------------

/r/therobertfall for more stories!   
