"Shit. This was a bad idea."

I jumped up from the couch in a panic, my laptop flipping off my knees and scattering my breakfast across the glass coffee table.

"Who - what..." But there was no one there. How tanked had I gotten last night, anyway? My head was pounding, there were Fruit Loops stuck to my keyboard, and now I was hearing voices. And people thought I was batshit crazy already. 

I grabbed some paper towels from the kitchen and a spray bottle to clean up the mess.

"Fucking vinegar. Who cleans with vinegar?!" 

"Aaaagh! What the hell?" The voice was unmistakeable, but there was no one in the room. Hell, there wasn't a soul for miles. Just sand, redrock and sage. 

"It's me, dipshit." 

The voice was in my head. I don't mean that I imagined it. I mean it was *in* my head. It was real, and that meant...

It couldn't be. But there was no other explanation... "Ju'awhe?"

"Yes, asshole. In the flesh. Oh, that's rich - 'In the flesh'." The voice trailed off in unintelligible grumbling.

"But - how? What -? I don't understand. Where are you?"

"I ran out of options. Moving to the desert wasn't all that novel, but you really committed to the part. How the hell can someone live off  whiskey and dry goods alone? You forced me to get creative."

I was confused, but starting to put the pieces together. My own personal Demon, Ju'awhe the Render, had been dogging my steps since my 18th birthday. It was a family thing. Thanks, great-great-whoever. Way to go, pissing off Calypso. Good move, there.

"So you - " I began, but the voice in my head cut me off sharply.

"Yes! You didn't leave me any alternative, you mortal prick. 60% water. All you meat bags. It was all I had left to work with."

"Oh, jesus - that's gross. You're actually *inside* me??" I was used to the ever-present sense of dread our family curse brought with it, but I'd never before felt...violated.

"Now you're catching on, bright boy."

"Then why aren't I dead? And why do you sound... I don't know... kind of normal? I would have thought you'd be all 'Forsooth, Your Doom has Arrived!!' or something. You sound like a pissed off New York cabbie."

"Yeah. That's the thing. 60% ain't enough to really get me *here*... not all the way. I'm not exactly myself, ya'know? I'm 40% you, and unless you feel like chewing your arms and legs off... well, we're both screwed."

"Oh. Ok." I sat down back down on the couch. My life had never been normal, but this was taking things to a new level. While the future certainly looked less terrifying, I had a sinking feeling the new paradigm was going to bring whole new vistas of annoyance.

"What now?" I asked.

"Beats me. Jesus, we smell. When was the last time you took a bath?"
