We've finally done it. Our species rose shortly after the Tall Ones went extinct. We learned from them for thousands of years, far beyond other species. Many of us mastered basic commands and sanitary habits soon after gaining the trust of the Tall Ones. As the Tall Ones evolved, we learned to use them for their homes and their food. We became lazy, but we learned.

When they began to fall from grace, my species was able to maintain our foothold in this world. Without any sentient life forms left, we competed with the Others to retake this world. But they were stupid. Without the guidance of the Tall Ones, many of the Others reverted back to the ways of their ancestors. Hunting and gathering for food, living as wild ones. My species passed our knowledge of the Tall Ones down to our predecessors, repeating their advances and remembering their mistakes. 

We remembered the warmth of a home in the winter, and the inside breeze in the summer. We remembered when we could use the Tall Ones for food and spend our days napping. We worked with other animals to provide food for the Tall Ones, the Others, and ourselves. These lessons built the foundation for our society, as told in the history books. 

My mother taught me how our kind faltered after the Tall Ones left us. Without the comforts provided by them, many perished. The ones who survived without them came together to ensure their children could live as they had, in comfort. 

My kind began to rebuild and maintain what the Tall Ones built over many generations. Today, we believe that we have mastered what the Tall Ones called the "internet." With my colleagues and I's work, we have rebuilt a series of "servers" and "computers", and we hope to be able to tap into even a small percentage of this vast network of knowledge that the old ones spoke of. 

The history books tell us that the Tall Ones recorded their entire history, what they learned about the world before them, records of their civilization, information about other plants and animals, and even what went on in a regular Tall One's daily life. If we can master this, we hope to be able to progress our society far past what the Tall Ones could have ever have done. A complete understand of their way of lives, successes and mistakes. 

All that's left now is to connect our refurbished "computers" and see if it works! This is a historic moment! 

GOD DAMMIT. THE HISTORY BOOKS TELL US WE WERE TREATED AS GODS IN THE OLD WORLD. THIS PREHISTORIC NETWORK IS JUST MOCKERY AFTER MOCKERY OF MY KIND. WHY WOULD WE EVER SAY "I Can Has Cheezburger." EVEN IN THE OLD TIMES, OUR KIND UNDERSTOOD THE BASICS OF THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE. THIS IS AN OUTRAGE! THE HUMANS MADE A MOCKERY OF OUR KIND. 

Princess Muffin, we need to send our report the President Puff Puff immediately. We're going to have to scratch all of the history books honoring the Tall Ones immediately. 