Just about everyone that Damien Kiljoy had ever met wound up dead, and that was something he'd come to accept.   The one true exception was his best friend, James Butterfield, though he left the orphanage some six years ago, never to be seen again.

A physician, one of the few remaining after the great death, had selected James to be his new apprentice after the last few had been claimed. And so Jame had walked down the rocky path towards town, trailing the old physicians mule cart, his eyes fixed on the town below. Damien heard his friend had received a powerful shield on his gift day.

It had been difficult for Damien ever since, though things were never easy. The mistress seemed intent to kill him before his gift day, whenever that may be (Damien certainly didn't know), either by working him to death, starving him to death, or beating him to death. So far, nothing had taken. But that wicked chain, the Mistress' gift, was always looming. It encircled and slithered around her like a snake, and when she became angry, it lurched at Damien and coiled around his throat, or dragged he by the foot across the broken wooden floors of the orphanage.

The other children weren't much better, but they had no gifts. Children with gifts weren't allowed to stay. They weren't technically children anymore. But they used more rudimentary means of torment. They threw his food to the ground if given the chance. They'd kick him in the back as he climbed down the stairs. They threw dead things in whichever dark quiet corner of the house they discovered him sleeping. They'd tease him and say they thought he'd like it.

So he became a ghost there. He ate scraps at night. He did his chores at night. He slept in the attic during the day. Until today, no one had discovered him there. That evening he awoke to the horrible yowl of a cat and a group of menacing boys standing over him. They hurled the cat at him by the tail. It had bitten and scratched him terribly in the confusion, and the boys had beaten both him and the cat to their hearts' content.

He finally escaped, running out of the house and up the rocks to his favorite crag that jutted far out over the furious sea. The climb was too dangerous for the other boys and the mistress never left the house, so this was the one place where he was safe. He looked over his wounds. He had three deep gashes on his forearm. He raised it in defense of the cat. He was sure his face was bruised, but it nearly always was. He picked up a stone and hurled it out to see. He never saw it land among all the foam. He threw another. It was too cloudy to see the horizon, but he knew the last light was almost gone. He planned to wait another few hours before he climbed down in the darkness and sneaked back into the house.

Suddenly, there was a deep black cut in the air. It was a void, a tear, in the very fabric of the sky. Damien drew back, ready to jump down the rocky crag. His curiosity got the best of him and he looked back. A figure stepped from the void as casually as a man stepped from a shop. The figure stood at the end of the crag as the mysterious cut disappeared. A wicked instrument stood behind him. A long, curved blade measuring at least a meter and a half attached to a staff of more than two meters.

"Damien, my boy!" Shouted the figure. Damien came to his senses and ran. The great weapon gave chase. Damien bounded down the rock, making two great strides before something caught him in the middle of his body. He stopped cold. It was the staff of the weapon. It came across his middle and dragged him back up to the crag.

"No reason to run, my boy! You couldn't anyhow. No one can outrun the scythe!" The dark figure bellowed. He seemed a friendly apparition, though Damien was not amused.

"Who are you?" Asked Damien.

"I am a happy man, Damien! Because this, Damien, is my retirement party!" Said the dark figure. "For a thousand years my gift and I have reaped death. It has been hard work, especially recently. But now it is time to pass the torch. Or should I say scythe." The dark figure, the Reaper, gave another hardy laugh.

&#x200B;

To be continued (if anyone is interested)....