Bahhahahaha I knew I would be famous one day, I just didn't realize that it would come with 12 lives. Yeah 12, you see when I was a kid I got an invitation to go to a prestigious learning institution for magic users. Would have been taught by the grand flambe himself!

Even as a child I was practical, why would I need a school to learn what I knew I could learn on my own. So my deep dive into the arcane started. Websites at first but then I wized up and realized that magic users don't need computers or internet. So to the dustiest library and museums I went.

The Smithsonian, Library of Pergamum, the Vatican archives places that people thought were dust and ruin. Being an innate magic users allows you a piercing sight and finely tuned sense of hidden things. Spells and arcane tomes of unfathomable worth on dusty shelves let me soak in the knowledge and prove myself right, I didn't need their schools.

It was at this point that I went from normal spells like summoning familiars to casting fireballs and telekinesis. To spells of such complexity that most brains would have folded in on themselves, did you know the laws that we think govern nature are from some ancient race that stopped our pitiful planet from going afoul of its orbit and allows us to live here.

Mind blowing revelation after mind blowing revelation, one can only take so much. I needed a break from the complexity of life and the universe. So I settled on learning how to change myself into animals so I could research other species. This was the begging of a series of mistakes that got me to where I am now.

"Flufflel Butt the 5th, the piano playing cat" ugh how mundane is that. Not only did I irreversibly change myself into a extremely furry cat but I got caught while doing research on my changed reproductive system with a very forward Persian dollface beauty. That wasn't the end of my shame. I sat a week in the adoption center caged like like an animal!

That week I packed my significantly more intelligent brain for a way out of this situation. I started to meow in fanciful tunes and that caught the attention of my worst enemy. Mrs.Harlow a tiny old lady of the crinkly sort who's intentions were entirely to dress me up in ridiculous get ups and photograph me for Facebook.

I had to get out so I accepted my fate and left willingly with Gran Gran. She was destitute and as I went through her expenses completely dependent on state income. I took pity on her and set her up with a YouTube account, tricked her into videoing me playing the ancient family piano and then it is all viral history.

Ellen DeGeneres, Jimmy Fallon and all the late night shows. We were invited and on them all, I did my thing and showed a few more amazing things and Mrs. Harlow was pulling in six figures every fiscal quarter. I guess I can't knock this life, I get to sleep as often as I want and attack any strangers or family I want to but like always I grow restless. That was when I found something inside that ancient piano.

The C note was always off just a little, I was able to open the top and squeeze in and what do you know I found. A spell book containing the one way to reverse what I had done to myself. 

"Now Flufflel Butt if you found what I thought you would have found years ago just now, what is your decision? Now that you know this can be undone." Said a raspy voice that shook with a familiar ting. I, very alert now, stood straight up from my hunched position and hit my fluffy head against the piano.

How is it this tiny ancient lady knew what I was?

"Ouch that must have hurt, let me open this and get you and that family heirloom out of there so we can look to your future" with that mock baby talk coming from my little old lady she scooped me and the precious book out of the piano.

Setting me down in a chair next to the fireplace with the book between us, she shuffled to her rocker. 

" This is a huge decision in front of you, on one hand you have a red pill and the other a blue." Laughter rang out louder than I thought she could ever make. Was that a matrix reference?

She was right, as she coughed and hacked trying to recover from her own wit, I have a choice now. I can undo what I thought was a mistake and go back to my thirst for neverending knowledge or I could move forward. Now primed with the knowledge of undoing my current situation I could learn.

I was a prideful one everyone would agree on that. I spurned any and all help or familiarity from others, hated their establishments and scoffed at their intellectuals.

Now done with her coughing fit she looked me in the eye and understood that I got it, I finally know that pure knowledge can never replace a life with others, to only experience life in a sterile vacuum of a book and never make mistakes or unique experiences with others of the same mind you will never truely live.

Just like that she turned into ash, I nodded my fluffy head to the rocking chair got up and attacked an ant that happened to be scuttling by then transformed myself back into a human. Walked out of the home of my first true friend and towards many more.

As always I appreciate constructive criticism and any advice you can give.