Most children are ambitious when younger and I was no different. We all knew the achievements, the lists to hit if you will. It wasn't as simple as it seems though. I started with push-ups. My goal was 1000 for 10 days and I got it. Like I said, it's not that simple.

After the 10th day I collapsed exhausted at my 1000th push-up for the day. I felt... something? It wasn't really stronger. I must have miss counted. 5 more... nothing, 10 more, I did an extra 100 in an hour barely able to support myself to no avail.

This was my first lesson. If you make a shitty attempt at the goal you get a shitty amount of the achievement. I "ran" 10000 miles, to this day I am an excellent speed Walker. My feet don't fatigue from walking but if I try to run I am screwed. These false achievements block the real powers.

That isn't to say you can't get them but it almost becomes harder. I went through the list, throwing, jumping, anything athletic you name it, I tried. Well... I am an amazing bowler. In a world of super achievement athletes that means nothing. I even went for education achievements and to this day I still need a calculator for basic math.

That is when I started drinking. I became a full fledged alcoholic. I have had my stomach pumped 12 times. I just wanted to die, still do. I am good at nothing. Many who fail like I turn to drinking. I still want special. Last night was my 30th birthday. I went for gold, I wrote my letter. The standard I love you all and I am sorry I am a failure. I had 12 bottles of vodka in front of me, I only ever drink vodka.

I woke up? Is this heaven? No, this is my living room. I look around all 12 bottles are empty. 1.75L times 12, I should be dead after 40 Liters I thought. I'm not completely shit faced this morning either. I'm that perfect level of drunk. I grab my keys and go to the car. Guess I should go to work.

As I am driving I notice a cop has his lights on behind me. I wish I had just died last night. How long was he there? It doesn't matter, this is strike 12 for all it matters. I pull over smoothly throw the car in park and shut off the engine. This is when I realise I am on the curb. The officer comes to the window. 

" You been drinking?" he said.

No shit asshole, "nope".

"Make this easy for me please, just blow"

I blow into the breathalyzer awaiting my fate.

"This must be broken" the officer said.

I didn't understand what was going on. Everything seemed clear. Was I dreaming? I should be at 1.xx something, I should be dead. We waited for another breathalyzer and that one was .00 as well.  They detained me for an open container. Honestly it was a water bottle but having my rap sheet and reeking of strait vodka I don't blame them.

In the station they ran a blood sample and while waiting for the results I became drunk again. But it was different. It was just the right amount of charisma.  I am making jokes and the officers are trying not to laugh. Some succeed, others don't. Once the blood test came back they let me go on my way. They had nothing, the bottle of water was legal, the blood was clean. I stumbled out of the station completely shit faced and confused. 

10,000 liters of vodka, that is my achievement. It's never been done before to the best of my knowledge. No drunk has gotten anything before. Then again no drunk has been so dedicated to vodka. So now I can be as drunk as I want, whenever I want without drinking a drop. Even when I get the true achievement I still get a shitty power. 


(Sorry if format sucks, I am on phone. Also first attempt at this so be kind. Honestly writing was not a good subject of mine so sorry for the grammatical errors, spelling errors any any other issues you may find. I hope you liked the direction I went.)