Being a powerful modern\-day sorcerer in the country has its benefits. Having unlimited resources at my disposal, provided for by the government, and being able to provide work and shelter for the unemployed as my servants. They both prepare my meals, clean up my mansion, and of course, become the source of my power. Normally, I would go to the blood bank and purchase bags of blood. Blood transfusion from my servants, however, is very cost\-efficient and saves a lot of tax dollars, allowing me to spend as much as I want on other matters.

However, I cannot extract too much blood from my servants, because of obvious reasons. That is why I keep my spell\-casting activities in moderation, so as to not expend to much of my blood reserves. Activities may include food replication, infrastructure restoration, and precognition, in case of a natural disaster or oncoming threat from foreign invaders. I cannot, however, replicate my blood due to how delicate liquids unfortunately are and it may botch the spells I conjure up.

Recently, however, my spells have become even more powerful, being able to fix bridges and reinforce buildings in less than 30 minutes, and being able to foresee oncoming threats 5 months in advance. *I'm on a roll.*

But alas, I must prepare for the blood transfusions on my servants, which they may not be happy about. 30 subjects were selected for the operation and they're ready to go. I'll start with Regine. I believe she's always been the healthiest among the lot. I insert my needle in he\-\-

There's a tube taped in her arm covered with prosthetic makeup.

"Regine, explain yourself."

"I'm sorry, boss. We tried to endure it but we couldn't take it anymore!" she said, in a sorry, whining manner. "So instead, we concocted a series of hybridization, with plants that are known to contain iron, juiced the hybrid fruigetables \-\-"

"*Fruigetables?*" I asked.

"Fruits and vegetables. Honestly, i did not think it would work, but Terry is an ***amazing*** botanist."

"Hi boss!" Terry waved at me, smiling nervously.

I stored away the syringe underneath the desk, asking Regine "So what your trying to tell me is, all I needed to make my spells stronger were liquid compounds that are high in iron?"

"Well, not too high. We found that out the hard way. Remember the time you attended a reading at an elementary and tried to replicate an apple, but instead it started talking?"

"Yes. That was horrifying. I believe I scarred the children for life and was told I was not allowed within a 50 meter radius from that specific school."

"That story made headlines in all news networks. *Even the tabloids.*" said Regine, in a begrudgingly sad manner.

"I can still remember the apple saying, '*What am I?'"* I had a momentary flashback of that memory. It was truly horrible, especially how an apple can look at you, even without eyes. And I *knew* it was looking at me.

"Anyway we figured it out in a few months and here we are!" said Regine, jokingly and laughing nervously.

"Anyway, thank you for reminding me of that horrible incident with the apple. In this case, you're dismissed. See you next Monday." I said, while removing my disposable gloves to the bin.

"So... we're not fired?"

"No! I never knew that I had so many talented people working under me! I could use people from the sciences to work on my magic. See you next Monday." I smiled at them before leaving the operating room.

"Great! Thanks boss!"

*Feedback and criticism much appreciated.*