The King was the oldest of us, decanted .047 seconds before anyone else. He said that gave him the right to lead. The mommies didn't say anything, so it must have been allowed. The mommies didn't allow hitting, or taking, or name calling. If someone had a tantrum, they would roll over and wrap that someone up in their furry warm arms. But they never said anything about who was supposed to be in charge. So King was. And if you didn't listen, King would tell everyone to ignore you. Mommies wouldn't stop people from ignoring you.

The builders mostly ignored us, unless we tried to go into a building before it was done. Then they'd flash for mommies, and a mommy would come and carry the interloper away. Builders were always working. Every day The Place was bigger. More room. But also every day new kiddos, coming toddling out of the crèche, mommies rolling behind them. The kiddos would start little but they got tall fast. Sometimes they'd cry getting tall, and I'd cry too, remembering how much it hurt. It was like banging your shins but all through your legs and arms. For day and days and days. Sometimes if someone was very bad with getting tall, a doctor would come and make them sleep. But sometimes they wouldn't wake up again. So no one liked to tell the doctors anything.

The teachers would play endless games of alphabet, dictionary, or math. But there were a lot of questions they would only answer with LOOKUP NOT FOUND. Or sometimes ERROR AGE APPROPRIATE MATERIAL UNAVAILABLE. Sometimes they would say "I will be able to answer when you graduate" but no one ever did graduate. One time I went into the old part of The Place, and I found rows and rows of things like teachers all silent and covered in dust. They were bigger than our teachers, and they said PROFESSOR.  But nothing I could do would wake them up.

The teachers would tell stories too, which is how we knew that the leader was always a boy, and was called King, or President. King is easier to say. Or they would tell about Earth, which was where we came from. It was silly, since we all knew we came from the crèche.  But it was a nice story. Some of the stories were about mommies, but the mommies were very strange. They did all kinds of things our mommies never did. 

It was year 14 when the King started getting sick. He'd wake up and puke, and the mommies would come to pick it up. After a few days of this, a doctor came. King kept saying I'm fine go away but the doctor followed him around high stepping on it's five legs like they do and trying to scan him and sample him. King tried hiding from the doctor, and he tried locking the doctor out. But the doctor just flashed a builder and it came and took the door off. So King let the doctor do an exam, and the doctor said "Congratulations! It's going to be a girl!" which didn't make any sense. And then King started getting fat.

Well now we all know what that means, but then we just thought it was funny. People tried to imitate King with pillows in their shirts. Then came the day when King had a very bad stomachache. The doctor that had been following him around flashed for more doctors, and they surrounded him. People tried to see what was happening, but the mommies wouldn't let them get too close. So no one but the doctors saw quite what happened. But next thing we knew, there was a horrible howling noise. The doctors all backed away, and there was King lying down looking tired and holding the smallest kiddo anyone ever saw. 

No one knew it then, but that was the day the crèche turned off. For awhile there were still kiddos coming out, but they were in progress. No new ones got made. We're in charge of making kiddos now.


