He yanked the steering wheel to the right, hit the brakes, and heard the tires squeal.

"Goddamn rodents." He muttered once the van had stopped. "I'm going to lose even more of my hair because of this stress."

The man looked out the window, and locked eyes with a squirrel that had run up a tree.  It sat there, staring.  Then it appeared to give a nod.

"Am I seeing things?" wondered the man,  "Those binoculars are ruining my eyes."

He engaged the engine and drove off. After a few miles, he heard a noise come from the back. A rustling.  He looked into his rear view mirror, but the lack of light made it difficult to see anything. 

"Maybe I'm hearing things, too." he muttered. Then he heard it again. He looked back again, and this time he saw a glint. In a flash, a knife was at his throat. 

"I'm taking this van, and I'm taking your life" a familiar woman's voice spoke. 

"You..." the man was almost silent from fear. He felt a spreading warmth. 

"You pissed yourself?"  The woman sneered. "Fucking pathetic.  Pull off here near the woods.  Get out.  I don't want your blood on my new van. "

The man obliged. Shaking profusely, he opened the door.  He immediately tried to run, but due to the bright sunlight, failed to notice the large rock on the ground. He sprawled in a heap. 

"Nice try, shitthead."  The woman raised the knife. "I'm not going to give you another chance.  This is for all those women."  

A squirrel jumped off the nearest tree and bit the woman's hand. The knife clattered to the ground. "The fuck?!"  She yelled. The squirrel jumped at her face, but she pulled it off and slammed it into the ground as hard as she could, killing it. 

It was just the diversion that the man needed, though, and he picked up the rock that nearly led to his demise. He struck the woman squarely in the jaw, breaking it. The woman collapsed, and the man took this opportunity to punch and kick her several times in the midsection. 

Once she was nearly unconscious,   he walked back to the windowless van, and retrieved some restraints.  He bound the woman's arms and legs, and loaded her into the back. 

"Looks like I'm gong to have to visit the hardware store."  He mused.  "I can't risk any more of you girls escaping from my basement, now can I?"