The motion was practiced and swift. When he first received the bag from his father, it had been uncomfortable. A formless buckskin pouch dangling on a length of leather strip that bounced and flailed around him. Too big to cram into a pocket, too important not to carry. He took to telling people it was for his insulin, whereupon he'd produce a needle kit. It was a great lie, since the kit would always be there, needle full of saline in case he had to put on a show. Dad had liked that. He had just said it was how he liked to carry his cash. This made more of a case for it to be with him at all times. 

Today he gracefully slipped two fingers just into his sport coat, expecting to find the laminated monthly bus pass. He had pulled it out just before his first day of work at Checklind Brothers limited. Every day at 6:30 he'd get on an almost empty bus and spend fifteen minutes in almost complete silence. He  sometimes got the pass back at the end of the day, but usually the bag made him walk. The bag knew best, and today the weight of a fully loaded pistol grazed his fingers as it dragged the bag off his shoulder.

He dove after it, hiding it and silencing the heavy clatter while groping at the barren inside of the bag. He tried to force the gun into the inside pocket of his peacoat, failed, and tried to force it back into the bag. It slid smartly into place and tucked neatly under his elbow. Looking up, he saw the pudgy under-slept driver glaring at him. Backing away hurriedly, he mumbled an excuse about a forgotten bus pass. The driver didn't argue, slammed the door and disappeared. The street was still bathed in ruddy yellow streetlight, with only a twinge of Amber forming in the crack at the end of the avenue.

He walked with purpose, right hand twitching occasionally. Shadows were going cross-eyed in the pre-dawn gloom. Dumpsters loomed and wind blown trash raced down alleyways. Apartments were dead silent. A rattling taxi passed on the opposite side of the road. He ducked behind a parked van and watched the taillights recede. Four blocks, maybe five. This had happened before. Someone had tried to snatch the bag off him in Mallorca, nearly got a .50 Caliber slug in the chest for his trouble. He had looked over the gun, still trembling, in a rank public bathroom stall. A serious hand cannon, no make or model apparent. Loaded with a chalky green-coated hollow point ammunition. 

The shriek of metal scrapping on metal sent him leaping off the street. He found himself standing at the very edge of the sidewalk, facing a middle aged Chinese man with thinning hair and a filthy apron. He stood silhouetted by brilliant fluorescent white, buckets of grey mop water at his feet, staring at a scared man with his hand jammed into his coat. He took off, wondering if he too could recognize someone trying to hide a firearm. There was a hard plastic *click*, and he turned while firing. Taser leads gave a jump as they sank into the meat of his thigh. He saw the old man falling as his leg blazed and crumpled. Four more hit him, but it hurt so bad he couldn't tell where. He dropped the gun while twitching. Something hard bashed his nose. The curb. Rough hands began to drag and pull at him. He flailed, and found the lip of the bag with his fingertips. 

"Get back! Get the fuck back!" 

A sliver my shimmer arched out between his fingers as the men danced backwards. He crouched forward, holding the razor sharp little blade between two fingers as loosely as he dared. There was a crack, and he was back on the ground. There was a heavy, spreading numbness in his chest. Breathing was impossible, but little sips of air came and went. Seconds ticked. His body moved, and he was dimly aware of muffled voices. Then brilliant white. He was content to die, he supposed it was worth it for all his family's luck. Then there was some motion, and he saw his father, against glass in front of a display of leafy cabbage.

There was dim pain in his chest. A man, the Chinese man, or perhaps he was Korean now he saw him closer, held something to his chest. He had a river of blood running down his left shoulder. Lips moving , it took some effort to comprehend the words.

"I can save your son, the prick. One push, and that bullet is gone. Your choice."

His father said something, but it was dragged away in a haze.

"I don't care. The SCP needs it, and you were never supposed to have it in the first place. I need a location, or I just use this fucking thing on myself"

His father screamed, and thrashed against restraints. The numbness began to sink in around him, dragging him down. His fathers pained screams fading...