In the gulfs of space, somewhere off the shoulder of Orion, a probe scans for signs of 'The Enemy'.

"Ping... Ping... Ping... Ping.. Ping.. Ping.. Ping. Ping. Ping. Ping Ping Ping PingPingPingPingPing" 

On the fifth planet of a dying star, a general makes his report to King Priasma of the world of Ilium.

"My king, we've received a curious transmission from one of our probes. It's encountered an unusual object found drifting near the constellation of the great hunter."

"What is so unusual about this object, general?"

"It appears to be of intelligent design, my king, but it also appears to serve no discernible purpose."

"Intelligent design? Do you mean that this was made by... 'The Enemy'?

"It would appear so, Majesty. Our analysts have found similarities between this object and the information we have on... 'The Enemy'.

"You said it was found drifting. Is it some sort of ship?"

"Well... we're not sure, your grace. It has no propulsion system and it's construction defies the possibility of space travel. It's not made of any known alloy. It seems to be made of some sort of inert and inactive bio-material. Our records on 'The Enemy' indicate that they call this material 'wood' and it is obtained from felled plants called 'trees' that are found on their home world. But the most curious thing, your majesty, is the design of the craft itself. It resembles a four-legged creature that in their tongue is called a 'Horse'."

"Hmmm... bring it to the capitol. I want a closer look at this 'wooden horse'."

A slender, innocent, beautiful girl appears beside the throne and speaks to her father...

"Father, for the love you bare me please heed my words. I have dreamt of this 'wooden horse' and it is an ill omen. We should dest-"

"Shut the fuck up, Cassy. Nobody likes you."

SPEZ:So I was taking a shit and thought I'd do a Part II and edit Part I. Not that anyone's going to see it but I'd hate myself if I didn't.


Meanwhile in the frozen abyss, a lonely voice cries out in desperation...


"This has got to be the dumbest plan anyone ever came up with. Seriously, you could root around in a bag of ass-holes and pull out something better than this. They're never going to pick us up."


"Hey, it worked for the Trojans."


"I think you mean 'it worked for the Greeks'."


"No, it was definitely called the 'Trojan Horse'."


"Yeah but the Greeks made it."


"So why is it called the Trojan horse?"


"Because the Trojan's took it."


"Just 'cause you take something doesn't make it yours. Why were the Greeks giving them a wooden horse anyway?"


"It was a ruse to steal back Helen of Troy."


"Steel her back... So she wasn't Helen of Troy?"


"No she was Helen of Sparta."


"Motherfuckers. There they go again! Sticky-fingered people the Trojans."


"Anyway, regardless of the history-"


"I thought it was a myth, like we don't know if it really happened or not."


"Yes but... Ok. Whatever. Anyway, besides whatever *it* was that happened-" 


"- or didn't happen -"


" - Or didn't happen before, this is not going to work. It's like a million to one chance that they'll pick us up and take us back to their planet."


"Exactly. It's bound to work!"


"What?"


"Yeah! Million-to one-chances work all the time. Think about it, how many times have you heard of a-million-to- chance working out for someone: 'He won the lottery' or 'they scored a touch down with a Hail-Mary' or 'a rouge grapefruit killed his mother-in-law'. You see, they always work. Actually, you try and think of the last time you heard of a-million-to-one-chance not working."


"..."


"..."


"..."


"See. You can't. It's a given. Now, shut up. You're supposed to be in cryo-sleep."


"Cryo-sleep!?! I'm sitting in a barrel of fucking salt!"


"Salt's a preservative. Have you got any better ideas?"


"Ice for a start!"


"And where the fuck are we going to find ice on Earth, Einstein? Global-warming, duh."


"I'm sure Jupiter had a moon made of ice."


"Nah, we used all that in the last great ice-bucket challenge. Anyway, shut up. I think I hear something outside."


"There's no sound in space...."


"Just... shut up."
 
