"What do you mean, *new life plus*?"

An old man dressed in white linens looks impatiently over his golden horn-rimmed glasses. "Child, I have your complete file in front of me right now. I have an itemized list of every lie you ever told, every time you ate blueberries, and every minute you spent playing questionable JRPGs. It's *New Life Plus*... Between you and me, we honestly didn't anticipate this volume of traffic when we built the infrastructure here so Jesus figured this might be a good way to slow down intake."

"Wait, what!? *Intake!?* *Infrastructure!?*"

The old man lets out a deep sigh and mutters to himself, "I'll never get used to the fresh ones." He adjusts his robe as he regains his composure. "Think of it like this: If life is like a computer game, it used to be like Rogue... Each character can only pass through the gauntlet a single time and when your time is up you cannot return. For a limited time, we're testing a new feature where players can return to the start of the game and continue playing. Does that make sense to you?" He stares down at them, seemingly already disappointed in their answer.

"Uh, I think so... It's like reincarnation, right?"

"Where did you people *get* that idea in the first place!?" He shouts, visibly upset. "It's not reincarnation! There's no... You don't re-spec your stats. You keep all of your aquired skills and abilities which become unlocked when your body meets the physical requirements."

"Do I get better loot this time?"

"Well no, that might be implimented later but we're kind of worried that would cause balance issues."

"Right... But the challenges are more difficult?"

"Nope. They would be the very same challenges but you would find them less difficult due to your greater experience."

"And I can't change my class or race or spawn-point or anything? I just have to do the same challenges for the same rewards with no added content or difficulty?"

"That's correct."

"Yeah, I think I'll just move on to heaven thanks."

The man simply smiles and nods as the gate behind him swings open as if by his command. "Next!" He shouts, turning the page of his massive tome. The page reads: Terrence Meyers, Engineer, skydiving accident.

"Hello Terrence, my name is Peter, welcome to purgatory. Could I interest you in our new Iterative Soul Design program?"