>Okay, How did you get here, this job, and what is your typical day like?

A day in the life and how to did get here, huh? Let’s see, where to start, tsk. I guess…  The beginning is where we should go.
I worked a day job at some crappy retailer. You know the big box store that seems to be placed every few blocks almost like it’s on a grid throughout the country. I cleaned up a lot of shit there. A lot of shit and one day I just had it so I quit, I just walked out carrying the soaked mop with me.

As I walked home, dragging the mop a trail of dirty water followed me on the sidewalk. I noticed building I had never really seen before, in fact, I can say for certain that it wasn’t there that morning. Almost as if it was just poofed into being. My eyes were drawn to a solitary sign on the door. 

Cleaning Staff Wanted.

I had the mop already so I walked in resting it on my shoulder, the sounds of tiny drips of water followed me in. 

A pretty woman, Lynda upstairs, sat behind the counter in an otherwise empty white room. 

“Ah, you must be here for the cleaning job,” she said.

“What gave it away?” I asked adjusting the mop on my shoulder.

“Ah, and you’re funny. Good for you,” She smiled.

A door opened at the far end of the room.  And out through it walked a man in a janitor’s uniform. 

“You there, Mr. Clark, you’re late. Come with me.”

I never questioned how he knew my name or how and why I was late. He gave me a job. It took a little adjusting to at first, you know working on these projects. Geez, my first day I cleaned the cyclops holding. I didn’t even question the cyclops, 

> A cyclops?

Yeah, the man I followed through the doors, just sent me in there with the mop I was carrying, with a warning to stay in his blind spot.  So, it has been interesting. 

>Have you ever felt like the job is dangerous?

I have never really felt in danger here. All of them in their own way are dangerous. But I have never had any issues, I don’t know,  I just kind of, belong.

>And You no longer clean?

No, I no longer clean, they gave me the opportunity to go to school and help research and test on the projects. I took to it, it’s really just become my passion. 

>Is the job hard? What is your favorite part of the job?

I work a lot, a lot, often through the night, it helps that I live here alongside the projects.

I especially like working with the psychics. They really like to play chess, you see. It doesn’t help that I am terrible at the game but playing against a psychic really makes it unfair. I never win but we have made some progress in blocking their ability.

>So you just generally work with the projects, do you care for them?

Outside of studying them, I do provide some care I bring things to them sometimes, a board game, newspaper. You know, things like that. Other than that, I really just work with them testing various technology out and how it interacts with the subject and just really trying to understand how they do what they do.

>So you call them projects, right? Why do you not refer to yourself as a project?

I, uh, I don’t understand that question, why would I call myself a project?

>Well, John, let me walk you through this, I am here studying your *work* and your condition. What does that tell you?

No, no, that can’t be right, I am the researcher. You’re just here to ask me questions about my job. You said you wanted to get to know me. 

No.

I don’t believe you.

>John, it’s been a good session, we will pick it up tomorrow, I will have an orderly walk you back to your holding cell. I know it’s hard, John, I can see it in your eye, but we are here to help. We are making progress.
