Death stares at you, somehow in the empty eye-sockets of that skull you can still read its expression, shock. 

You smile, "You should have come for me while I slept'. 

Death's scythe comes flashing towards you again. You move quickly parrying the blow away again. The sounds of metals clashing together, bliss to your ears. 

Through your 75 years on this earth and since you were 3 you have held swords (practice ones of course at that age, didn't get a real sword to use until 6 years old). 

5 minutes becomes 10, 10 becomes 20, 20 into 40. After 60 minutes of continually parries, you finally hear deaths voice. 

It is truly the voice of death, a sound like a cold winter wind blowing over shattering metal. 

"Why, why do you defy Death? You have lived a long life, you have lived with honor and without fear, so why do you fight me so?"

"When I was 10 my parents died, a car accident, drunk driver. When I was 14 my older brother went a served his country in a pointless war, a sniper got him. When I was 18 I watched as my Grandfather, the one who taught me how to use a sword, died from cancer. When I was 25 I was just walking away from a cafe I had a coffee at, a bomb went off. I watched people scream and die. When I was 40 I watched my wife, the love of my life, my best friend, my soul, die. Cancer again. We had two beautiful children though, who gave me wonderful grandchildren. They were all so innocent, so loved, so perfect. Two days ago they all were killed, a family trip overseas, a long deserved holiday. I was meant to be with them but the airline screwed up and had me on a later flight. Their plane went down. No survivors." 

"So you fight me because I took their lives? You fight me in anger and hatred, you defy the natural order, you delay my blade for this?"

"I DELAY YOUR BLADE FOR I AM A WARRIOR. I AM A SON, BROTHER, HUSBAND, FATHER AND GRANDFATHER. BUT MOST OF ALL I AM THE SWORD. YOU TOOK EVERYTHING ELSE AWAY FROM ME, BUT YOU WILL NOT TAKE THIS. YOU WILL NOT BEST ME, YOU WILL NOT DEFEAT ME, YOU WILL NOT BREAK ME, I WILL NOT GO QUIETLY INTO THE NIGHT, A WHISPER ON THE WIND. **I WILL GO OUT WITH THE SCREAM OF THE SWORD, THE CLASH OF BLADES ECHOING INTO ETERNITY**" 

No more was said after that. The battled raged on. Death never able to gain an inch on the old master swordsman. 

Most hate Death, they see Death as a thief, stealing peoples time. A cold unfeeling merciless killer. 

Death is not that though. Death is the final goodbye. The ferryman. The being that opens the door showing you the light at the end, while Death dwells in that lights shadows. 

Death most of all is understanding. Death understood that at this moment, this man, this warrior, this son, brother, husband, father and grandfather, was dying the way he wanted. He would not let the cancer in his lungs kill him, he would not let the heart weakened by years of strain give out on him in some bed while he slept. No he was going to face death. He was going to fight death, he was going to die not as the man, but as the swordsman, as the sword. 

Death didn't hold back, the old man would know. For the 3 hours they fought with deaths endless stamina, he did not break the old man. He did not land a single graze. 

Like the old man said, death would not defeat him. 

"I can not defeat you, we can continue fighting for eternity but, my blade will never touch you. You are truly the sword, and you have done your family proud." 

The old man dropped his blade, all the emotions finally came out. The old man hadn't failed, he had fought death to a defeat. He had struck back at the one who took everything from him, everything but his sword. 

The tears continued the flow as death held the old man close to him, guiding him to the door. To the light. To the voices echoing and cheering in the distance. To his family. 



