Leslie awoke, and instinctively nestled into the crook of his arm. Tom slept on his back, no shifting, no snoring, no disruption, totally peaceful, and Leslie had a few seconds of her own peace, lying there in a less than lucid state, simply contented and completely there.

Then her memory came back, that barrier in the back of her mind breaking down from the pressure, and her body went rigid with a fuming combination of self-loathing and rage against the forces that would now, inevitably, bring this man's life to a close. Because of her. The first piece in the Rube Goldberg machine had begun to move, and it would only end when he died. Because of her. In all probability, she would be the one to fire the shot, or thrust the blade, or shut off the life support, because the machine would not let her escape the torment and she had to be *there*.

She didn't think to herself, "Oh God, not again" in the same way she had for the first twenty years or so, through the first dozen corpses. She loved less and less often, the corpses coming less often, and her determination to avoid the inevitable - a determination which usually sped things up - had given way to a quieter determination to enjoy the time she had. Tom was younger than her, strong, and they may have months, even years before the inevitable weilded its authority.

Her body seized and she almost screamed. It was her knee. Leslie reached down, and tried to massage the pain away, which worked sometimes. But her knees had been a problem for years, and it wasn't working now. It felt much worse, a sharp stabbing shocks as oppossed to the dull pain of standard issue bursitis. She had to get up. Careful not to wake Tom, she inched away from him, setting her feet on the ground and shifting her weight slowly, and fled for the bathroom.

Closing the door behind her, she flicked on the light and looked down.

"Oh God." It was a dull voice. Not much surprised her anymore, so she had little practice in shock, but this shocked her.

Cellulite gone, the bulges in her knees gone, the varicose veins gone, leaving just smooth flesh. Her knee, and her leg, looked like they had looked when she was in high school. She blinked and blinked, trying to clear her vision, but the smooth surface remained smooth.

Then pain in the other knee, dropping her into a seated position on the ground. Then in her stomach, radiating into her chest. Her entire body going through electric shocks that came from nowhere, unlike anything she had ever experienced. She fought through it, struggled to her feet, and looked in the mirror.

She was a teenager again.

And behind her, stood Tom. He wasn't smiling. "So this is how it happens. Hell of a situation." he said.

"What?!" she gasped. "What is it?"

"Immortality. Your body is never going to age again. Trust me, I've been living this way since Napoleon invaded Russia. It won't be pleasant."

"Immortality?" She looked at him with horror. "But *why*?"

Pity showed in his eyes. "Because you're going to need it."