"So. This is it. You get to go home." The Angel stood by my side as I looked at the old wooden door sitting in the middle of Paradise. 

"You know, I thought it'd be more majestic. Something with a choir or giant stone gates."

"You're the first person to ever want to leave the afterlife. Are you sure this is the right decision?  You can still stay if you wish."

"Thanks, but I don't think I could stay. I can't enjoy myself if I just get what I want. That's the thing about life. You work hard for the prize, and in the end, you get the reward. I think that makes it so much more satisfying."

"This is Paradise. We can make that happen for you."

"I know. But perhaps it's something you can't understand. Maybe it's just something human. Either way, I've decided to return to Earth. That's my paradise." The Angel nods.

"Very well. Just so you know, we will have to drop you off one hundred years after your death. And you won't be able to ever return. Even if you get mortally wounded, or expire from natural causes. You'll be stuck in limbo. Not death, not life either. To anyone else though, you will be dead for sure." I nodded. 

"Twenty years before my death, a serum for immortality was discovered. I never took it, as I had felt my life was already over, and I died of natural causes. After a while here, I found I was the last person to die on Earth. When I was given this young body upon entering Paradise, I had already entered the world of the immortals. I might take that serum this time." I then opened the door and looked through the doorway. An empty room. The Angel indicated for me to pass through. I walked in to find it was exactly as it was. Just a small square room with nothing inside. The door closed behind me. I turned and opened it to find the city street opened out in front of me.

Empty. This was the last thing anyone would expect from a world of immortals, but here it was. I was standing in Times Square, one of the most populated spots on Earth, and not a soul in sight. The buildings were falling apart, the vines and bushes overgrown, and turning what was  once a city into a jungle. This was more than a decade of damage. Is this really what happens when you leave for a century? I wandered from street to street, each one as empty and overgrown as the last. Where had all the people gone? From what I could gather, there was no signs of riots, war, or any kind of struggle. Not that it was necessary. What's the point of fighting if you can't die? There wasn't any sign of leaving either. Decaying drawers full of clothes, and mouldy food left on tables, or rather what was left of either, showed people hadn't left, merely vanished. This puzzle was more than I could understand.

I spent the next few decades wandering from city to city, each as empty as the next. Had the serum really made them immortal? Did people evolve? It wasn't just the people either. Animals, insects, all gone. Even the cockroaches. Those things were meant to survive anything. 

The nights were the worst. I had a lovely view of the stars, and the jungle cities looked kinda pretty at night. It was the silence that got me. No cars, no loud neighbors, not even crickets. It was eerie. You think it's hard going to sleep when the your brain thinks there's something out there? Try sleeping when you know there's nothing at all. It's enough to drive a man insane.

I called out to the Angel many nights and days, hoping for an answer, but none ever came. Perhaps I should have gotten his name. I started formulating theories. Alien abductions. Spontaneous combustion into vapor. Maybe even the serum made people disintegrate after twenty years or something? I even wrote one about death rays, or anti-immortal pills. Maybe people got tired of it. 

Eventually, I found a place to use as a home of sorts. I had plenty of time to figure it out anyway. Maybe I might find some computer or something that could still run after all this time. Assuming I figure out how to make the electricity work again. I assume it is more than just flipping a fuse back on at the power station. Then, it happened. One night, I sat on my bed, listening to the silence, looking at the stars from my window, wishing for something, anything. Then the silence broke. Banging. No, not banging. Knocking. I looked towards the closed door at the 'front' of my house, and it knocked again. The thoughts crept through my head, and I started to scare myself. If I was the only one on Earth, who was the one knocking? Then, sitting in the dark, a scarier thought arose. If I was the only one on Earth, then how did they know where to find me?