The cloaked figure made their way to the middle of the room, their steps soft yet determined; the eyes of their siblings upon them. Normally they would have snuck around, however this altar was neutral ground. There was to be no violence here, as enforced by the gods and spirits of kings before them. In front of them was a line of their brothers, waiting impatiently for their turn.

As the princes alined themselves before the altar, they each stretched out their hands into the black water and chanted their pleas; confident and demanding, attempting to catch the favor of any god that chose them. Those who did not feel the grasp of a god will not survive the night.

One by one, the line shortened. Those who became god touched split off from those who received none. It was suprising to see how many left after just moments of silence from their plea, expecting a god to connect with them immediately as others did. 

As the line dwindled into nothing, and only the cloaked one remained, a priest called out to them, their voice echoed. "Take off your robe and prostrate to the gods, son of Keiran. The gods do not appreciate secrecy."

The figure simply moved past the priest, their irritation being worn by their aura. Their birthright was waiting to be taken, their siblings will bring this kingdom to ruin. And it is bold for this priest to assume they know all of the gods pretences.

At the altar, the figure took approach to it, and sat on their knees, taking the lowest position at the base of the black waters and letting the water flow over them. They felt the eyes of all priests gather to them, staring at their back.

Finally the figure spoke, in a most inaudible whisper. "O gods of my father Keiran, and fathers before him. I, the firstborn of my father and the true queen, Sesobia, make this plea. Empower me for my birthright to this kingdom and all within it. I offer the trove of my valuables, and the souls of my enemies, and the worship of you from all of my progeny from now and forevermore...Reveal yourself to me."

As the words were spoken, the room began to shake violently, the black waters splashed and waved over the figure. It felt as though they were being grabbed from every angle, the water suffocating them. The energy of the water shifted back and forth, trying desperately to claim the person inside.

The firstborn felt the life leaving their body, but as they felt their self slipping...the feeling stopped. They gasped for air and choked, their lungs burned. 

With their eyes closed, a smooth feeling washed over them, like a hand on their face. 

As their eyes opened, they saw glowing purple eyes on ivory skin. The most beautiful woman they had ever seen. 

The woman spoke to them. "Sharia, firstborn of Keiran and Sesobia. Daughter of kings, slaughterer of the east. Your offer to me was more than tempting."

Sharia looked to the woman, eyeing the black cloak and purple smoky tendrils surrounding them. She had never encountered a god before, and wasn't sure who this was, but before she could ask, the woman placed a finger over Sharia's mouth.

"It has been too long that a princess has come before this altar, and even longer a worthy one. The kings of past have made it out of a womans station to be ruler, how impudent. Lucky for you, dear Sharia, I am not one to listen to *rules*."

The goddess smiled wickedly and brought Sharia's face closer to her own. "I know the question burning in your mind. I am Death, your patron. I will give you this kingdom, and you will give me Zeus' soul."