You'd think the days would be worse, or at least the hours. I deal with the run\-of\-the\-mill tasks involving people who are, frankly, not that common, and normally, they hold very different hours. Take Ladriel and Fiora for example. Fiora is a witch, and she commonly prefers waking in the late afternoon and staying up all night, and she hates guests before midnight. Ladriel is a talkative little bugger and he's asleep at sundown. You'd imagine getting a talkative, telepathic spider and a witch to agree on something would be easy, what with the creepy connection they have. It isn't. I managed though. I talk to them both over coffee and whatever meal Ladriel happens to catch, usually late in the afternoon. They're my last stop for the day more often than not. 

After the coffee and chit\-chat, I sit Fiora down, check her eyesight, make sure she's not getting too much light. She burns dreadfully easy. Don't know where the whole myth of water melting witches comes from though. She rather enjoys taking a bath, she tells me. I believe her too. She always smells so floral. Doing her work is frankly the most beuracratic part of my day, but fortunately it's not too invasive, and I think Fiora likes the company, too.

Oh, but I'm getting ahead of myself, I suppose I should've done this in order, really, with what I do upon first waking up. That's collect the paper. Not for myself, mind you, but Yog\-Sottoth is a big reader. Likes to know what's in for the day. He gets the Wall Street Journal and the Times. He used to get more, but he's slowly going digital. Pretty sure in the next couple of months he won't have any papers at all, just the subscriptions to read online.

After good, old Mr. S is John Cave. He's a lycanthrope and I constantly have to consult him over his alcohol problem. Since he's the only drinker, getting an AA going is hard to do, but he at least has access to the Internet and some online forums to help with it. Just needs a human touch every so often, though I admit giving him a shot or two of rum before his rabies shot every year.

And really, that's about everything. I hear we're getting a pixie and a pictsie within the next three months. I've been rather overinstructed to keep them apart from one another. Not only is it a major "chicken or the egg" case, but apparently they hate each other's guts and neither of them are none too nice. But at least only one flies, the other just hates clothes and lawyers.