I can feel a lightness all around me. My skin tingles and I'm aware of every tiny freckle and wrinkle. My chest rises and falls with each breath and the first thought I have is of surprise. Do I need to breathe, or is it just an old habit?
I open my eyes. My surrounding takes shape before me. It's as if everything is coming into focus. The sky is a lazy blue and the air is sweet and pleasant. I'm sitting on a bench made of cool stone. A sense of peace fills and warms my body.
Then I realize I am not alone. Turning my head to the right I see my grandmother. I cry out in delight and hug her. She is no longer old and frail, the way she was before she died, but as I remember her from my childhood, strong and round of limb. Her eyes are twinkling with wit and knowing.
“I thought you could be any age you wanted in heaven?” Then I feel embarrassed, thinking I've insulted her. Her laughter brushed the feeling away. Oh, her smile, how I'd missed it. 
“I can, but I wonder if you would have recognized me.” Her accent is there, but she is speaking English. “I am here to guide you.” I leaned over to hug her again, taking another deep breath. Familiar, earthy smells filled my head. They were from a childhood long gone, but not so far away as to be lost forever.
“I have missed you nena.”
Her voice brought me back to the present, if this could be called such. I feel hot breath on my hands and look down.
“FOX!” I slide off the bench onto the grass. Sitting on my calves, I wrap my arms around a medium sized golden dog. I laugh at his short legs as I scratched his belly. I'd forgotten that his body was always a tad too big for his sturdy legs. Our reunion is interrupted by Mama.
“It is time you confront the one who has hurt you the most throughout your life. She is here to meet you. Are you ready?” 
I nod and wonder who it will be as I move back to the bench, still petting my friend. Could it have been my mother? Her drug addiction took her from me when I was young. I'd met with her as an adult, when I was going through my treatment. It was disappointing.
Maybe it was one of my step moms. Either the one who'd said she would hurt the people I loved if I didn't lie for her, or the other one who'd tried to steal my car. Could it have been someone else?
I could see her coming towards me. Blurred around the edges. I leaned forward and squinted. I think I held my breath as her shape took form.
I turned to Mama. “What is this?!”
She didn't answer, but instead nodded towards the woman who sat down to my left.
I glanced that way, dumbstruck. She spoke first. Or I guess, I spoke first, but not the “I” within me, but the “I” that was myself sitting next to me.
“Yeah, I know. What the fuck, right?” I laughed. I guess that answered that question. I'd always wondered if God was cool with cussing. Oh, but maybe I wasn't in heaven...
“You're in heaven.”
“How'd you know what I was thinking?”
“You're kidding right? I am you. Plus your thoughts are written all over your face. You, er, we were never very good at hiding our thoughts.”
“But... I thought... Why are you here? Or, why am I here twice? Does this have to do with alternate universes? Because you know I would love that shit.”
We both laughed. It was weird. Like my voice was echoing. Mama squeezed my arm in the comforting way I loved.
“I guess you could say I'm you, or we are us. I'm the part of the soul that watches, and keeps an account of our life.”
That made sense to me, and my mouth opened into the 'oh' of understanding. Thinking she (I?) was here to explain who it was that hurt me the most. I wondered wryly if it had been a close race.
“It was us. We were the ones that hurt us the most.”
“What?” Defensive tears came to my eyes. Words came to my throat, but I bit them back. I didn't want to be a bitch, though it wouldn't have been the first time I'd spoken angrily to myself.
“I'm sorry. You know I love you, don't you?” I didn't answer. 
“Life is full of suffering, we know this already. We held on to all these things. Instead of allowing them to foster growth, we let them fester. We held on to our feelings of abandonment and our anger. They were the swords we repeated thrust our soul upon. We were so certain we'd be hurt again, that we injured ourselves before others could have the chance.”
She stopped. Then after a moment, gently said the next natural thought forming in our mind. “We held our husband at a distance. We loved him so much, we were so afraid of the rejection we were certain was coming.” I sobbed, feeling the truth and the loss.
“Because we could not let these things go, they kept coming back into our lives in the circular way in which life operates.”
I'm not sure when it happened, but as I glanced down I noticed both their hands in my lap, intertwined in mine. I spoke slowly. “I wasted the short time I had... I always thought I'd live longer. That there would be more time to make things right. Even when I first got cancer... I thought I'd survive it. My children will not have a mother. In the end, I've done the one thing I always promised not to do.”
We sat in silent until the tears stopped flowing. It felt like years. Fox forced his nose under my hands and I affectionately scratched under his chin. He'd always had a way of comforting me.
“What would you do if we could go back?”
I looked at the reflection that was me. There was understanding there. I didn't answer. What did it matter now?
“We could live a long life. We have a lot of influence over our children and we can not teach them to be victims. They have things they must accomplish and we can help them on their way. I mean, I don't want to go all Wizard of Oz, but the ability is there. Make the choice.”
I closed my eyes as I looked up and took a deep breath. Wanting to believe I could get a second chance, but also remembering watching my body slip away in the night. After a moment, I opened my eyes again.
Everything was blurry and white. I blinked as I processed the noises around me. Everything remained blurry, but I could still make out a long fluorescent light above me. It occurred to me that I didn't have my contacts. This is the way I actually see. The thought hit me hard. 
I was lying in a hospital bed. My husband was sitting in a chair next to me. His hand was in mine, but his eyes were closed, and his lips moved in silent prayer. He looked older than I'd ever seen him. His face was careworn. I wanted to carass and comfort him.
“Hey.” My throat was scratchy. He looked up instantly.
“You scared the shit out of me.” We both started crying. He leaned forward and we just held each other.
Neither in a hurry to let go. I whispered into his ear, “I'm sorry.”
“Yeah, well... I would have been pissed about it if you didn't wake up.” We laughed, and then of course, started crying again. I tugged on his elbow, and he instinctively climbed into the bed next to me. I turned on my side, adjusting my IV.
“What happened?”
“You made a sound... I turned around to touch you, and... you weren't breathing. I called an ambulance. They got your heart started again... it was...”
“Where are the kids?” I changed the topic. Knowing he didn't feel comfortable talking about it now. 
“At home with your brother and sister. Guess they picked a good time to be in town.”
I wondered at it and then settled in to his embrace. 
I said a prayer in gratitude for the second chance I had been given. Then I said a prayer for those without another chance, and another prayer for those who'd loved them. I silently thanked Mama and Fox for being there for me. I smiled. Then I said I turned my intention inward and offered myself love and gratitude. It echoed inside me, getting stronger with each wave.
I knew there would be challenges. I knew we weren't out of the woods yet, but still. I was alive. A machine gave the audible account of my living heart and the constant reminder of the gift I'd been given.