Posted this on my personal reddit, this one is my arts one. sorry.

My first ever WP post. I hope I did well, as I'm dreadfully outta practice. ^.^

***

"Oh. Shit."

Charlotte exclaimed as she stepped through the pearl and gold adorned gates. Seeing the sight before her she wondered if she was actually dead. 

She remembered being very sick and falling asleep. When her eyes opened once more she was no longer sick. The afterlife wasn't what she expected though.

There wasn't anyone around. Just silence, and a lingering noxious smell. It was only pushing the gate open did Charlotte realize why. 

Before her were bodies. Hundreds of them strewn about the landscape. Some still burning from fires that are now only embers. Taking a slow step forward Charlotte cautiously moved through the chaos along a narrow path.

As Charlotte walked her eyes traveled to a nearby body. It was torn apart as if by some wild beast and barely looked human. The only way she knew it was once a person was its armor and sword. The armor wasn't salvageable, but stopping and picking up the blade she knew it'd be still usable.

A chill ran down her spine and spinning about she brought the blade to a ready position. Charlotte breathed heavily struggling to calm herself. Having never used a sword before she didn't know if she could survive whatever happened to the others.

Scanning the area around her Charlotte seemed to be alone. Loosening her grip on the sword, she lowered it slowly. That feeling though never left her as she started down the path hoping for a safe haven.

Time passed and the sun started to set. Fear crept into Charlotte.

"Please let me find shelter," she prayed aloud still walking down the path.

Around the next bend past a large hill, she gasped happily. As if her prayers were answered, before her stood a mighty palace. Beautiful and ornate, or at least was, before the damage it was dealt. The feeling from before grew in strength as she looked upon the building.

Lights flickered in many of the windows. But reaching the front steps she saw the doors hung open, smashed to pieces and strewn about the floor. The room beyond was filled with more of the same death and destruction filling it.

Something caught her eye, and carefully moving through the room she approached it. A man was lying against the back wall wearing crimson and gold armor and cradling another man. Blond hair caked with blood, his face hidden in the grey of the one held who's chest was torn open.

The older man, as much Charlotte as could see, would've been handsome in life even being as old as he looked. His neatly trimmed hair and beard gave him a look of authority but also of kindness. He didn't wear any armor, but robes like the ones from an older time. She wondered who these two were, and why they stood out so much to her.

Reaching out a hand, Charlotte checked the older man's neck for his pulse. She knew he'd be dead but hoped he had a chance. She didn't want to be alone. Charlotte screamed in fright. As she pulled her had away it was grabbed by the gauntlet of the blond man.

He looked up at her, tears streaming down his face. "Please," he pleaded, "please help my father."

She didn't know what to do or say that could help, so she told him the truth. "I'm sorry. I can't. He's already dead."

A moan of sorrow echoed from the man as he cried harder. He hugged the body of his father closer to him releasing her hand. In between sobs he whispered an apology over and over.

Charlotte wanted to cry as well. This man's anguish over the loss of his father filled her eyes with tears. She knelt to the floor and reached out to him, gently resting her palm into his shoulder.

"I'm sorry. I have to ask," Charlotte said, hoping that this man wasn't too far gone to say. "What happened here?"

The man looked up to her, his golden eyes meeting her green ones. He cleared his throat and spoke softly, "my father and all of Heaven was attacked by horrible monsters. The kind of which I've never seen before, in Heaven or Hell. I came as quickly as possible with my army to help defend this place. We didn't stand a chance."

Something was bothering Charlotte as she listened to his words. Something he said stuck in her mind and, perhaps a realization of who this man was, brought another question to mind.

"Who are you," she asked.

His answer came and she knew right away that her suspicions were correct. The identity of the older man, and also the danger she was in. She believed this blond haired man was telling the truth despite the stories of his history. He had said to her, "My name. My name is Lucifer, Lord of Hell. And I need your help."

