Four hundred years is the limit of what's considered socially acceptable. Since I've hit the big four-five-oh, people won't leave it alone. Especially the members of my current family. It might be time to move on soon. 

I circled the edges of the reunion dinner, ignoring the scandalised looks thrown my way. I picked up fragments of the conversation as I walked through the crowds, grabbing a glass of champagne along the way.

"Just rude, to leave his wife waiting for him, really," one woman (supposedly my cousin sixteen times removed, or something of the sort) muttered as I passed her. 

"How many years has it been since she passed on?" her friend asked.

"Eighty! And his oldest children went twenty years ago. Simply heartless, if you ask me..."

"Well, nobody did ask you, did they Kelly?" I said, not pausing to hear her reply as I made my way outside towards the balcony. 

I felt compelled to come every year. Witness who had passed, who were still biding their time. Free will always fascinated me. I gazed out over the city from the balcony, breathing deeply. I missed the trees. A giant, animated billboard of celebrating people caught my eye. 

**Mass prayer meeting this Saturday. Show your appreciation for eternal life!**

Given the way Immortal Tablets were discovered, I suppose it was natural to believe you could simply continue your immortal life on another plane. Somewhere you didn't take up valuable space and resources. Where you could spend endless days of sunshine with your loved ones, without worrying about earning your place and time on Earth. They believed the story so strongly, they didn't fear death anymore. Not really. I'm pretty sure I'm the only one who knows the story is bogus - at least the one they're telling themselves. 

I was, after all, quite a bit older than the 450 years I claimed, and had been the one to share my 'secret' of the Immortality Tablets with the rest of the world in the first place. 

But when most people pass on after a paltry 400 years, people forget. They change the story. Myths and stories are fickle things, that become bruised and bent out of shape with time. Especially the one about who and what I was.

People simply can't fathom the idea of being older than the universe itself, of someone having known the secret of the 'tablets' all along. Who chose to share it with the rest of the planet simply because he got bored. 

Or at least, that's my theory. I haven't tested it yet. I don't know if I want them to know the truth. This world is a small place, and we all have to die sometimes. 

Well, except for me, of course. I can't leave yet. For one thing, my humans remained interesting after all this time. And it would be rude to leave the party early. I'd started this whole mess, after all. I should see the ending of the story. 

I tossed back the rest of my champagne and made my way back inside. With luck, there would still be some food left. I could kill for one of those little sausage rolls right about now.

_____

You can find more of my work on /r/Inkfinger/.