I thank you for your interest Mr. Darson. Yes we have quite a few breeds of Dracus Domesticus. This way please.


Now, if you wish to choose from the catalogue you'll notice that each of our fine creatures has a vet certificate of health and their shots are all up to date. Now if you'd let me know your price range...


You would rather see them in person? Well yes that could be arranged. However I must warn you that due to little darling's nature there are a few wavers you'll have to sign. Yes, hair and eyebrows singes are not unheard off however should that happen wigs and hair transplant brochures are in the lobby for you to browse. I myself adore the Lovely (Do or Dye Saloon). Very reasonable prices and most people couldn't even tell it's a wig. 


Thank you for signing, let me take you to the stables. Now in this location we manage medium to large sized breeds. You have your Slimehides, very popular those. Your giant tails though we only have three of those at the moment. Bloodyhorns a plenty, Breed like rabbits they do. five Goddamned backspikes but they're in a seperate location. Very territorial I'm afraid and haven't learned to play nice with others yet. Ah here we are. This way and please put on the fire proof mitts if you plan to touch any of them. 


What's that? Why are they all small? What are you talking about. Look at little Jakekr here, he's had a growth spurt this summer and is now bigger then my palm. Very impressive for his breed wouldn't you agree?


Look I can see you are not ready to own a pet. Please come back when you are, these babies are all rescues. People see a picture of a dragon in a tea cup and they rush to get their own. a few weeks later they realized that this is a living creature. It needs a balanced diet, a lot of care and each breed comes with it's own list of possible problems due to generations of inbreeding by some cruel and greedy basement dwellers. We did this to them and yet all they ever wanted from us is love, companionship and a friend.


What do you mean why is the fire coming out that way! How else are they supposed to fart? 