I am seriously rusty with prompts, but what the heck. Here's my attempt.

&nbsp;

***

God Save the Queen.

Bitter laughter echoed throughout the room, coarse and loud and booming. It went on and on, until the figure dissolved into hacking, wheezing coughs.

If anyone had heard, they would have assumed that the room's occupant required an asylum. Or, was in one...of sorts.

The dim light filtering through the tiny, four by three window streamed over cobwebs and dust which had accumulated through the passage of time. Mocking and taunting with the promise of freedom (so far, yet so near, the figure mused), no one would ever assume that *she* would be capable of such, but no one knew the truth.

But him.

The wooden chair creaked as he leaned back, stretching, letting out a groan of relief as the tension dissolved. Dry lips thinned in contempt, eyes narrowed in disgust at the sight of the calendar (cruel thy woman) on the wall, the date etched in bold and large in size - probably made as such on purpose, he knew.

*"You could have been like me. A part of my undying legacy."* A gentle whisper speaking insanity. Absurd words and ridiculous notions. Immortality was but a figment of imagination, a useless hope and baseless dream. Sheer naivety.

Even if one could, it was **wrong**. No one deserved to rule forever. The world needed order. Balance. Death was part of that balance.

The sound of a door (the only door, he reminded himself, lips tightening) made itself known, but the man did not move. He refused to. He knew who it was.

"I told you."

He did not speak.

"One hundred and twenty-five years." Her voice, still strong and clear after all this time. "I told you then, and you never believed me. Why?"

"Why?"

He finally asked.

"Why?!"

He whirled around, the surface of his inner fury bubbling over and toppling off the proverbial cliff.

"Because it's not worth it! How long more, Elizabeth? You've ruled this country for more than ninety years. Ninety years of duty, of ceremony, of serving the country. Haven't you had enough?"

"Their lives for yours! And you deem it acceptable! Sacrifice, you call it. For the sake of *good*. What 'good'?! It's murder!"

The Choosing Ceremony, known to the people as the ceremony in which certain individuals would be selected to be accorded with the highest honour and inducted into 'knighthood' was actually a ceremony in which people were picked to be sacrifices for her immortality. It had been introduced more than twenty-five years ago, and had become part of the culture.

Not that people knew what it really was.

"You would do well to mind your words."

And there it was. A warning, weaved in deceptive velvet and iron steel.

"... Are you going to kill me then?"

She smiled. An odd, little smile.

"Goodness, no. You are far too valuable, dear. After all," the queen's smile widened. "You are immortal, as I am."

The cup of water that he had moved to grasp dropped onto the ground.

*Dear God, no.*

"...What?"

"Oh yes. Didn't you know? The sacrifices had been for you, too."

*No, no, no.*

"You have always been a good friend to me, Matthew. Of course I would have you be part of my legacy."

Elizabeth, what have you *done*?

"I also could not have you running around and telling them of your suspicions, so this seemed to be the best solution. You *are* a dear friend."

Why was everything so numb?

"Farewell, Matthew. I look forward to visiting you again."

*-click-*

The door shut behind her.