Change the topic a little bit, I hope you enjoy this :3

Oh, and sorry for bad English

&#x200B;

I'm a normal girl in the city of New York.

It was 1 night before Christmas Eve. I'm sitting in my favourite bar, where I usually go to have a drink when I have some .. free time. You know, New York is a busy city, really, really busy. Every one else just wandering even though it has been 4 AM.

&#x200B;

Ding.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

A sound come from the door into the bar. It just a glance from the door bell, but I instancely noticed. You see, you really do have a lot of chance to see a homeless in street of New York, but not quite often in a bar.

He, an old man. I mean he is really old, about 100 years old. His clother is just look like garbage, ragged cloth, but they aren't look really old. Infact, his ... clothes look quite new, a suit? A tuxedo I think.

He smell like smoke, and .. oh god, is that blood. From the moment he entered, no one wanted to pay attention to him. I, a little embarrassed, is also one of those people.

I mean, no one wants to get involved with a 100-year-old heterosexual old man, all smelling of smoke and blood? Maybe I'll call the police in a little while, but not now.

&#x200B;

Anyway, as soon as the man entered the bar, he immediately checked his watch. Next, he ran to the bar, asking the bartender:

"Sorry, let me ask what time it is, what day, what month, what year?"

&#x200B;

I laughed a bit now, he was obviously a little crazy. Right? Anyway, at that moment, he suddenly noticed me, then he was surprised, gasping his mouth to reveal a few teeth, one still gilded.

&#x200B;

This old man, holding out a hand smelling of smoke, grabbed my hand tightly, asking, his voice trembling:

"Girl, what's your name?"

"What?" - I ask.

"Girl, your name, what's your name?" - The old man asked again, his voice trembling.

"Um ... Cindy. My name is Cindy." I answered, smiling slightly. You will not often be asked by a strange man. Ensure that.

"I know, you are Cindy, that Cindy girl. You are her, who will save the world." - The man lacks a bit of a fall, he shakily says, looking at me.

"Listen, I'm ... not important, I'm from the future, and I bring an extremely important message to tell you." - The man kept talking, I laughed

"Future?"

"I can prove to you, at exactly 5 seconds, there will be a fight in front of this bar, and I will stop it later." - The man said, holding up a watch with ... oh, is it real gold?

At the same time, there were 4 people, 2 men and 2 women, who looked like they had just quarreled into the bar. Suddenly a taller man suddenly pushed the other small person, then the girl slapped the other man's face.

It seems they have collided.

"Oh God. Is it real?"

I was surprised, the man from the future said, raised his hand:

"I can prove it again, but I don't have the time. The time-accelerator is closing. Here, I need you to hold a note for ... a person, when he comes, you'll have to according to the instructions of the paper, I know it sounds crazy, but by doing so, he can find a solution to global warming, he will come here, tonight, she must find him This is the only chance, only you can save us, but you have to ... "

Next, the old man lowered his head, whispered in my ear a few words ..

"What?" - I asked, but I was quite confident.

"You take it, I have to go. The time acceleration is closing." - The old man leaned into my hand with a piece of paper, ran away. I opened it, inside was a picture of a handsome, blond man in a suit.

About a few minutes later, I was still calm, when suddenly Ding's door was an hour, a handsome, blond man, wearing a suit, entered. I was immediately surprised, the old man was right.

I walked towards him:

"Oh My God, you, me, really are you? Can I crave your drink?"

"I guess so." The blond-haired man looked a bit thoughtful - "I have about 45 minutes to an hour to think about some activities, a Super Secret Project."

I asked: - "Global warming?"

"God, how do you know?" - The man looks incredibly surprised. He put down the glass. I held out my hand, shaking his hand:

"Cindy, my name is Cindy. I think I can help you, somehow." - I said, with a blink.

"Oh, i guess you can show me how."

The handsome man looked slightly to his right, nodding:

"Barney. Barney Stinson."