“He just sort of passed out …. Yeah something tells me he didn’t know that we were here … they can’t have covered it up completely, can they? …. Wait he’s coming to now.”
Theo sat up and wiped a drip of saliva that was running down his cheek. The man who identified himself as Flavius put a small box, that he had been holding next to his ear, in his pocket 
“How long have I been out for?”
“Couple minutes, are you feeling ok?”
There was a sarcastic undertone that was associated with that sentence, that made Theo feel even less at ease, if that was possible.
“The senate has an emergency meeting in about 30 mins so this must be brief, you have to accompany me to the meeting and plead you will not be horribly killed. What do you know about the terms of the Roman-UN treaty signed in 2030?”
“I have no idea what you’re talking about … so is there still a Roman Empire? I’m so confused.”
Theo put his head in his hands, a severe migraine was imminent as his brain attempted to use logic to explain his current predicament.
“Due to the terms of the Intergalactic Federation of Democratic Species or IFDS, article 3 section 4, all species that have not reached interplanetary travel must not be contacted. As soon as the Viking probes landed on Mars we sent a transmission introducing ourselves to your UN and the heads of states of your 3 biggest countries. We were informed by those we contacted that a vote had been taken and the people had decided on isolationism. Thus, we have not tried to contact any Terrans since especially after we tried to install one of our own as president in 1961.”
“Terrans?”
“People from earth, you for example.”
Theo chewed this piece of information, it would be the biggest conspiracy theory that has ever been conceived, being proved true right in front of him. He felt angry that there were people that knew the existence of extra-terrestrials but had decided to shield the public from that knowledge. 
“Right I want to see my wife now, I want to leave.” Theo tried to pull the shackles from the table violently, wanting to discuss what he had learned with Beth to see if he had gone over the deep end or this was all real. 
Suddenly the door smashed open and a large, snow white “being” entered, and moved with a loud whirring noise across to Theo, who was now standing to try and force himself out of the handcuffs. This thing had no face, just a red light in the centre of its “Head”, which was sort of floating above a cylindrical body mass. The material this thing was made of appeared to be a pearlescent white plastic, it looked very smooth, and it was, as Theo was about to discover. Out of the cylindrical body, 2 arms seemed to form where the shoulders would be, these stumps grew into a sort of tentacle that placed the ends onto Theo, forcing him back into the seat.
Theo felt the strength of this robot thing and decided to comply for now, Flavius was staring at Theo with some sort of condescending grin on his face.
“I would like to introduce you to Theo Servus, but you have already met, haven’t you?”
“I have”
The almost comically robotic voice of Servus kind of threw Theo off, the robot was so un-human it seemed out of place in the narrative of super-tech that Flavius had been eluding to.
“Flavius, you and detainee #4 have are requested to attend an emergency meeting of the Senate”
Flavius jumped up and rubbed his hands together.
“Right Mr Malkovich it’s time for you to meet the senate!”
He waved his hands and the shackles retracted into the table. Theo rubbed his wrists and stood, watching Servus carefully as he did so. 
“Will I be able to see Beth yet?” 
“Of course, Mr Malkovich, not a problem she will be joining us. Stay close however, it wouldn’t do to have you trampled by an elephant on your first day!”
The door swung open and Theo had to rub his eyes in disbelief. What lay before him was straight out of fantasy. A huge cave, whose dimensions seemed limitless, expanding forever into the distance, the ceiling was covered in a yellow moss that gave off a warm and continuous ambient light. The ground sloped down relatively steeply into a heavily built up Metropolis, the architecture reminded Theo of the White house, there were columns and decorated Porticos jutting out onto the cobble street. Oddly a Ferrari turned out of a side street and disappeared over a crest. 
Theo was about to turn to Flavius to ask, but didn’t bother, it was not the most surprising thing he had seen today. 
