You live in a society where at the end of each day, you can choose to relive it, but without retaining any knowledge of what happened previously. A number in your peripheral vision shows how many previous times you lived through the current day. Almost always that number is 0. Today it is 7212.


My eyes fluttered open, in the corner of my vision sat the number 7212, a realization hits me like a ton of bricks, I have relived today over seven thousand times. Why… What would cause me to have the desire to relive this day that many times? I roll out of bed, my feet find the soft carpet and I start my day, showering quickly and pulling my favorite red button-up out of my closet. I check my phone as I get dressed, great…. Amanda wants to talk… What could be wrong this time? Pocketing my phone and wallet and pulling my house keys off the hook, I take one last look around the apartment. 7212 burns in my peripheral, what is it about today?

The sun is shining as I descend the outside stairs, the hustle of the city seems to wash around me. No one really paying me any attention, a part of me wonders how many times they each had relived today. Walking down the street, I shoot Amanda a text, “Coffee shop on 9th sound good?” A million scenarios played out in my head, what could she possible need to talk to me about? I get to the coffee shop earlier than she does and I place our order. 7212 burns in my peripheral, what is it about today?

Amanda enters the coffee shop a short while later, she got a haircut and appears to be in a good mood. I stand as she gets closer and I hug her before giving her a kiss. “I love your hair,” I tell her genuinely, it looks amazing. She sits down and nods glancing over the compliment, still smiling from ear to ear. “Ethan,” She speaks suddenly, unable to contain the surprise. “I did it, I got it. I got the job” She beams again from ear to ear, her smile lights up the room, but my heart sinks alittle. “The job… in Middleton?” I ask, more sadness than desired came through in my voice. Middleton is two hours away. She would be moving. 7212 burns in my peripheral, what is it about today?

The coffee shop is bustling around us as we discuss this, I can’t move and she knows that. On the other hand this job is her dream so I can’t ask her to stay. We argue for a bit, knowing that the distance will probably cause issues. I’m happy for her, I really am this is the breakthrough she needs, and I have to accept that. We hug, we talk it over, and we decide that a separation is probably for the best. I love her, I really do, but I can’t hold her back from her dreams. We hug and I kiss her cheek, I apologize for the situation ending like this but there is no other option. 7212 burns in my peripheral, what is it about today?

I decide to cut out of my responsibilities and go on a walk through the park, it’s a beautiful Saturday afternoon now, and tons of people are in the park. Happy couples sit on the bench and whisper sweet things to each other. I sat on the stone bench and sipped my Dr. Pepper while watching the people walk to and fro. My mind was scattered, I don’t know how long I sat on this bench, I don’t remember when I got here but my phone pulls me from the trance. A text flashes on my screen. My heart sinks Amanda was in an accident. I drop my drink and take off in a dead sprint to the hospital. 7212 burns in my peripheral, what is it about today?

I hail a cab and arrive at the hospital a few moments later, Amanda’s mom was there and pulls me aside. “They don’t know how long she has left, but Ethan, she asked for you” she manages to stifle a cry as she hugs me. I hug her back before breaking the embrace and grabbing a doctor. After some coercion the doctor directs me to her. I stand next to her bed side, holding her hand looking down at her laying there, conscious but dying in front of me. We talk for a few moments, she is coherent and able to remember memories and feelings but none the less she is still dying, the doctors say that her internal damage is to great and surgery would put her at an even greater risk, they say they are doing all they can to “ease her pain.” 7212 burns in my peripheral, what is it about today?

I sit next to her for as long as I can, one nurse tried to remove me and that did not go well for him. I lean over and kiss her forehead softly. The doctors are in and out for the next few hours, doing what they can, but we all know how this ends. The slow build to death, it’s tragic but nothing can be done to stop it. Finally after what feels like a lifetime the machine lets out a long beep… I break down, I leave the hospital In a rush running back to the park without any regards for time or anything… 7212 burns in my peripheral, what is it about today?

Time passed slowly, as I make my way slowly back to my apartment, the day doesn’t feel real, I don’t understand, why I would want to relive this day. Did I try to change it, how could I. I sit on my floor, ignoring my furniture and thinking. Could I fix it? Is there a way? No. the word flashes in my mind, I have no knowledge of the day if I choose to relive it, so why would I? Why over seven thousand times? I mean seeing her smile this morning was amazing but the knowledge that she was going to die, why would I put myself through that seven thousand times. I shuffle into my room, discarding my clothes and sitting on the bed, I had to do it over. Maybe there was another way. A choice I didn’t make somewhere. My head hits the pillow and I’m asleep shortly afterward. My alarm clock wakes me up as I sit up. The number 0 burns in my peripheral….. 
 



