I killed them all. And that's a fact.

I'm about to go insane, every time I want to say the truth, no one hears me. My attorney, with his impecable suit and tie, keeps defending me, fighting for my "innocence". You dumbass, I AM GUILTY.

Don't get me wrong, jail is not an option. I have a lot of enemies that I managed to put behind bars back when I still prosecute people. Damn, to think that 8 years ago I was such a succesful, married man. It was like a dream. Welp, those years are gone. 

Anyway, I can't go to jail. But the fact that they are debating whether I was actually at the crime scene or at the nearest Domino's, it drives me mad. Like, can't they just ask me where I was that night? They could just give me a map and Ill show them were it all happened. BUT NOOO, THE ATTORNEY TALKS ON MY BEHALF.

Look, I get it. He's doing his job, I literally hired him to get me off the hook. But who are these witnesses? Why are they blaming the victim's father? Such a pure soul, and yet he is destroyed by those liars. I'll remember their faces. Hey, by the way, where's that child? You know, the ONLY ONE who actually saw me cutting the victim's tongue, only to chop her head off? 

I raise my hand like a middle-schooler in order to ask just that. The judge didn't even look at me while declaring me innocent. I hate you. You know what I did to your brother 5 years ago, and yet you declare me not guilty? I may have lost my tongue in my last murder, but I haven't lost my eyes: You're scared of this guy, my attorney. No idea what's the deal with you guys, but you are burying the truth. I'll remember your face.

A few moments later, I walked outside with my attorney, laughing his ass off. He knew I was guilty, but since I wasn't able to talk, he thought it would be a waste of time to put me on the stand, or to let me plead my case, for that matter.

He then proceeded to pat me on the back and we briefly discuss the payment methods, only to leave on his own car. On that very same moment, I chose him as my next target. Not only he tainted the court with false witnesses, he also either bribed or threathened the judge. 

But thats not just it. You see, he had this grin on his face all day long, the same grin my wife made back when we divorced. She showed me the most disgusting expression I've ever seen before. The face of a liar, a cheater, someone who doesnt fear any possible repercussion. Ever since I chopped her tongue off, letting her bleed until she became dry, I got to pick these hints on people. 

And my attorney fills the bill. I'll remember his face.

I remember the face of a liar, after all.

