Really the only power I possessed was being able to not shit my pants every time I did battle. Villains of all kinds started to fear me for my abilities, when in reality I'm just trying not to drop a load on national television. I guess I can chalk that up to luck too. 

Clover is what they called me. I hated the name, honestly. However, it was probably the best that the public chose for me. Before Custar's Stand they called me, Horseshoe-Rabbit-Charm-FuzzyDice-8-ball. I really hated that one. 

I took a long drag of my Ciggarette and puffed smoke into the open air.

"Ya know those cause cancer right?" The reporter snapped. 

"Heh. With any luck I'll be fine sweetie." I flicked hot ash onto the floor 

"Ok. So. What made you become a hero? Was it your thirst for justice? Or yo-" 

"Nah it wasn't any of what you were gonna guess" I interrupted. "It was coincidence. Kilgore the Defiled happened to be walking my way and failed to notice the low hanging power line. I just happened to be there to distract him and not get crushed."

The young journalist glared at me skeptically. "Ok? So what about all the rest. You expect me to believe it's all been coincidence? 

"Yeah, actually I do. 

Balthazaars legion: Walked into Midday traffic

Johnny Dimmension: Stuck between dimmensions. 

The Wicked: Fell in love with some cats at a pet store and now volunteers there every Saturday. 

Look tootse I know you, like everyone else wants to believe in a world with powers, and where I'm some hero, but this ain't it. The sooner you realize that the sooner we can all move on." 

I could see the gears turning in the reporters mind. Her blue eyes shifted around the room, formulating a response. Her small, pale hands fiddled with her dress. Then I saw it. The thing I hated most in people. Resolve. 

"You are lucky, even if you don't believe it. Regardless of if you recognize your abilities or not you have them" 

The only reason that Balthazaars legion lost to traffic   
is because you started a traffic jam with your awful driving.

Johnny Dimmensions tripped over your foot and shut himself between worlds. 

And The Wicked...were you even there for that one?" 

I thought back for a moment before responding. "Nah I was across town eating a Pastrami, but they gave me the credit anyways" 

"Don't you see? Your power is luck whether or not you agree" 

She made me smile. I guess she was right, so I said the only thing left to say 

"I like your moxie, but it's time to leave" 

What a dumb move on my part. A beautiful woman interested in me and what do I do? I show her the door. 

Regardless of what I told her she still published a great article on me. They always did. 

*Daddy Luck's Win Streak Going Strong* 

I couldn't ask for a better title, and for that I guess I was pretty lucky. 
