It was the accident that was the worst. The sound of metal crunching,
the smell of the burnt rubber wafting in the air, the headlights bright
and disorienting, and the jolt of the impact jarring Katy from her seat
and propelling her into the windshield. The splinters of glass fell into
Heather's lap as her seatbelt bucked against her chest and expelled all of
her breath as vehemently as Katy had gone through the windshield.
Heather began to panic as soon as she saw Katy's blank stare looking at
her from her contorted new position pinched between the old oak tree
and the hood of Katy's fathers Camaro. Her heart was nothing short of a
hammer in her chest, a luxury she knew she couldn't afford with as
much blood she had lost from the glass shards piercing the skin on her
legs.

As she began to try and untangle herself from the seatbelt Heather felt
an all to eerie feeling settling upon her. The air stilled and became heavy
like a blanket all around her. The smell of dirt and garlic filled her
nostrils until she almost gagged on the pungent scent. That's when shefirst noticed movement. It certainly wasn't Katy, and it almost seemed
the shadows from the long branches of the Oak tree were playing a
cruel joke on her. But then she saw the eyes peering out at her from
behind the tree, so piercing and bright at first she confused them for
reflections from the headlights off of the leaves.

He stepped out from behind the tree dressed in the iconic long black
cloak she had heard about with a grace and amount of practice that
could only be described as unworldly. His drug his scythe behind him
but never looked away from her as he leaned over Katy and with one
graceful swipe of his scythe collected what essence was left of her and
made his way over to drivers side of the car. As he came closer
Heather was starting to go fuzzy around the edges, but fought the urge
to sleep in order to see the face of the night visitor. As he leaned in to
the window he pushed her hair back from her face and slewed "Not yet
Little Queen" and no sooner had he finished his fortuitous whisper then
Heather finally succumbed to the black world that had been pushing so
hard to take control.

As she faded in and out of consciousness waiting for daylight or a kind
passerby she thought about how she had picked Katy up that evening
from the mental hospital her father had her submitted to after all of the
accidents that had been happening recently. Her father started to
suspect Katy when she began talking to Heather over the phone about
the black stranger that came after each "mishap." That's why Heather
had to pick Katy up in her Dad's Camaro, that's why she had picked that
special way to go home with the sharp bend to the left leaving the right
side of the car exposed, that's why she had jammed Katy's seatbelt and
told her not to worry about it.

Because Heather knew she needed this stranger. He was hers, and she
was going to do anything she had to to see him again.