The king paced his expansive throne room, mind racing. He had sent his generals and guardscaptains away after they had told him of the rebellion and riots. I defend these peasants from our foreign attackers and they repay me with their dissidence. Damn them. Damn them all. As long as the crown sat on his head, he would be the king of this land, and any mob could lodge a complaint with the royal gaoler. The king was grumbling to himself as the room seemed to darken, ever so slightly.

"Your Grace, could I have a word," a dark voice like velvet. The king had almost taken it for a thought in his own head. The king turned in his throne room to face the great oak doors that sealed it from the world. No one stood there to claim the request for audience. The king stood there, looking about in confusion.

"Ahem," the dark voice, from behind the king. The king wheeled on his feet to face his throne. On it sat a black shadow wearing a cloak seemingly made of smoke and chain. Its white eyes peered out of the shadow and flickered like flames, dancing in an unseen wind. The king's wide, unbelieving eyes went from the figure on his throne, to the scythe that leaned against the back of it. The scythe was taller than the throne. Its massive curved blade caught the light of torches burning in sconces around the throne chamber, causing the point of the blade to gleam orange.

"You summoned me, Your Grace?" the shadow, almost playfully.

"I...How did I summon you?" the king, thoughts racing.

"Well, you said those words. Your last words," the shadow, pulling a book out of his cloak and thumbing through pages. Its hands were skeletal - no skin or muscle, just pearly bone. "Ah, yes, five words to be exact." The shadow thumped the book shut and let it dissolve back into its cloak. "I am afraid it is time you came with me, Your Grace."

The king's heart dropped. "No, it is not my time. My kingdom is in rebellion, and if I die, my lands will fall to my enemies! I beg you, not now!"

"You try to bargain with Death, and what with? Why should I spare your life, if no one else?" the shadow, coyly. Just then, the king caught a glimpse of something in the shadow's cloak. Something that shone through the smoke and chain for just one moment. The shadow saw the king look, and made a sound that resembled chuckling. "A king, eyeing Death's purse? What a shame!"

"Your purse? Death carries a purse?"

"Of course."

"What currency does Death carry. Surely it isn't the king's gold!"

"No, I do not carry a currency used by men - my currency is one of man, woman, and child. The souls I take credit me a sort of commission - I get a piece of every soul, no matter where it may be bound." Death motioned with his bony thumb up and down.

The king paused, then flushed, then grinned a terrible grin. "I may just have a proposition for you! We both stand to gain from something only I can do. You and I both stand to gain quite a bit, in fact!"

Death shifted in the king's throne, "Oh, can you? What would that be?"

The king began strutting across the throne room while speaking, "As it stands now, my armies are the greatest in the land. My soldiers fight out of devout loyalty to me, not a crown. They are armored and armed with the finest metalwork gold can provide. Currently, they sit on my borders to keep my many enemies out of my lands. I do so as a service to my people for the taxes they pay..." 

The king paused, stopping, and grew dark, "...but my people have deemed me unfit to rule. My subjects are in open rebellion while my soldiers continue to die for them." The king shook his head, and faced Death on the throne. "No more."
"I will order my armies from my borders to the city. On their way here, my enemies will roll over my lands on the heels of my legions and kill or capture my defiant subjects. Once my armies are within the impenetrable walls of my city, they will kill every last rioter."

Death sat in silence.

"Your coffers will overflow with the souls of the slaughtered masses, and I will have a central garrison to fight my enemies instead of my legions spread to the edges of the kingdom."

Death sat in silence, then spoke: "You would sacrifice every one of your subjects - even the ones who stayed loyal - to keep your crown?"

"Yes," the king, immediately. After a pause, "on one more condition."

"What?"

"What were the words that summoned you here?"

Death chuckled again, "You spoke your last words - 'I am not dying yet.' And you turned out to be right."

Death outstretched its skeletal hand. The king strode to his throne and shook the hand of Death. It felt cold in his hand. The king found himself suddenly alone in his throne room. 

"Scribe!" the king, bellowing, "Ready the ravens!"