A high pitched bell as another number was called. The indian man next to him and got up, walking over to the door held open by a multi-armed blue skinned goddess. He sighed, this could be a very long wait. People died every second and plenty of those were religious, or spiritual, or 'believed in something'.

He had always scoffed at them. He was a true atheist, never believed in anything divine. Why would he? How likely was it that out of the endless parade of gods this world has had the one that he would choose was the right one. Turns out, 100%. If all the gods were there yours was bound to be there as well.

It had been several hours now and any number that came up was a far stretch from the one on his ticket. He decided to do something about it. Got up and walked to the bored looking clerk behind the desk. Before he even spoke up the clerk pointed at the sign. 'Take a number and await your turn.'

Despite the lack of eye contact he decided he wanted to say something, "Wh-"

The clerk looked up and interrupted him, "Please take a seat, sir." His nasal voice was grating.

"I don't think my number will ever come up. I don't believe in any of these guys. I mean, I didn't." He was still coming to terms with this whole thing.

"You must've said a quick hail mary at some point."

He simply shook his head.

"Never went to Sunday school? Christmas mass?"

"The football stadium was my dad's church."

"Believed in Santa."

"My parents didn't think it was fair to expect me to be honest and lie to me like that."

"Karma?" The clerk seemed to become more intrigued and stopped looking at his screen.

"Superstition. We make our own happiness." Another sigh escaped him.

"Crossed.your fingers?" The clerk really seemed to become uneasy now. "Cursed anyone?"

Slowly he shook his head. "I'm afraid not."

"Show me your ticket." the clerk reached out, without waiting for a reply.

He let it happen, it wasn't doing him any good "Maybe I should, I don't know, pledge allegiance or something." He spoke absentmindedly leaning over to try and get a better look at the computer screen.

"Oh... dear... hm..." the clerk seemed preoccupied with the number. Punched it in to the computer. Shook his head. Typed some more things in. "Well. I think it's a bit late for that." He handed back the ticket. "The manager will be with you shortly. Please take a seat."

Retuning to the seat he looked at the number. Someone still had a sense of humour at least.

"Mr. Henderson, follow me please." A stern woman stood in front of him and gestured in a direction away from the front desk. "I'm sorry we took so long. We don't come across people like you very often. We're a bit rusty on our protocols. Last one must've been in the eighties somewhere. Strange fellow, wrote science fiction I think. Anyway." She came to a standstill in front of a door as she stopped reminiscing. The door had the same number as his ticket. "Step right in."

The room was empty, save for a large oak desk and a very comfortable leather chair behind it.

"Looks nice. Very utilitarian."

"Good one." She didn't so much as chuckle. "Your papers are on the desk. Make sure to fill them out completely. You can file them with Jeff when you're done. He's the clerk you spoke to earlier." She motioned him to step in made room to step back out. She closed the door behind her.

His footsteps echoed in the barren room as he walked closer to the desk. Behind all the other doors he had glanced the visage of ancient deities. Awe inspiring scenery lay beyond the world's worst waiting room. This was just an unfurnished office. They hadn't even bothered to lay down a carpet. He sat down and looked at the papers in front of him. It seemed like a lot of paperwork. He didn't get far beyond the first line before his head started reeling.

'Form 42HG - Registration of a New Deity'