Posted this a while ago, but it seems appropriate here- a love story about death:

It started when I was six. I first noticed it looking at me one day at recess. I was playing on the swing sets when Ben, the boy I had a crush on, dared me to jump off the swing when I was as high as I could go. Right at the moment when gravity pulled the seat from under me, I saw it. It was hiding behind a brick wall, but I remember its darkness. I remember how thrilling it was to be near it. I remember my heart racing as I realized that I wasn’t going to hit the gravel, but rather the small, red merry-go-round that was much too close in our kindergarten sized playground. When I woke up two days later I remembered the rush, the exhilaration as it stretched out its hands towards me, like none of the other kids did. 

And thus began my evolving affair with death. Being near it made me feel more alive than anything I had ever felt before. More than when my blood was pumping in my face when Ben talked to me. More than being pushed higher and higher on the swing set. It was the remedy for life’s lovingly ordained affliction that finds us so quickly when we’re at that age: boredom.

It became my new best friend. When I would scale a three story brick building death was there to hold its arms out beneath me. When Daddy got too drunk one night and I ran into the woods, death tried to find me in the dark. It searched all night for me like no one else did. It became my companion when I had no one else. 

But as I grew up, other people didn’t like death hanging around so much. Unfortunately I turned into one of those kids who was too good for their elementary school friends. It used to follow me around with its dorky glasses and buck teeth, always fawning for my affection. The only times I ever spent any time with it were when we would hide in closets with Mr. Gainbridge, our math teacher, who waited for me after school. It would watch, always seeing but never speaking. It wasn’t always closets. Sometimes it was the locker room. Sometimes it was under his desk. One time in the teachers’ break room. 

When everyone else found out about Mr. Gainbridge, no one talked to me anymore. So I would sit alone at my empty lunch table and think about that friend that I still wished I had. I wanted to talk to it, it had been so long. It finally came to me one day when I was playing with a razor. Every sharp bite brought it closer and closer to me until it was staring me in the face. I smiled, knowing that it had been there all along. And it smiled back, knowing that I had truly missed it. 
My Mom found us lying on the floor together later that night, our fingers still intertwined. She got really sad when she saw us together. She grabbed death and threw it out of the house before letting two people with blue gloves pick me up and take me away. 

I didn’t remember losing consciousness, but I do remember that its eyes were the first thing I saw when I came to. They were sad staring at me through a thick pane of glass. My family didn’t want us to be together and had physically pulled us apart. I could see how badly it wanted to be with me. And I hoped that it could see how much I wanted that. 

Mother made me start to see a therapist, aside from the one I’d already seen after the court case. This one didn’t want to talk about the things Mr. Gainbridge had done. She wanted to talk about death. It delighted me that someone wanted to talk about my best friend. I remember lighting up at the thought of it, imagining how happy we would be when we were finally together and we could shut out the rest of the world. I told her about how peaceful it would be, being away from everything with my best friend. 

After that I didn’t get to go home. Mom and Dad put me in a white room and locked death out of it. We couldn’t even talk. I remember screaming so hard, knowing that it was waiting for me just on the other side of the door. I remember crying so loudly, knowing that it could hear me, but was helpless to do anything about it.  I think they thought that I would just forget about it. 

So I began to pretend. I told the lies that they wanted to hear. I told them that I had abandoned death. I told them that I had let go of the one person that had never let go of me. I took the pills they gave me to help let it go. And I vomited them back up soon after, but secretly so no one ever knew. And then after a very long time, Mom and Dad came and took me out of the white room. And behind them, with the biggest smile one its face, was my one true companion.

As we drove home later I stared out into the night the entire time; death’s face reflected back from the window. We stared into each other’s eyes for the entire two hour ride. We didn’t need to say anything, because we knew that we’d be together. My room was exactly as I had left it, only cleaner and tidied up. Mom and Dad said that it was good for me to be home, kissed me on the cheek and both went to sleep. 

I sat on my bed holding the knife I snuck out of the kitchen above my wrist. Death was so much more than my friend. It became my everything. It was all I ever wanted, to belong to someone, to be wanted. Two quick movements, and then it held me in its arms. And I was safe. And I was loved.
