I can still remember the day that I saw it, that impossible being. 

Let me see now...this was back in 1968, after the meteor carrying those alien spores crashed into South Dakota, but before the supercomputer at the University of Manchester became sentient - what was it called, it's on the tip of my tongue...Atlas II! That's it! Honestly, I don't know what they expected, giving it a name like that. The British Army expects they'll be able to take back Cheshire by the end of the year, but they've been saying that since the late 90's. Still, those electrical components have to wear out eventually. 

Ah, I can tell by the look on your face that I've wandered off track. Where was I...1968! I was a student at the University of Arizona (this was before the ants), and I was studying auras by combining the very latest in quantum resonance theory with a number of now illegal substances. I had initially enrolled to avoid the draft, but I was sure that I was onto something! Despite everything, I was getting real, tangible results! 

Science has marched on since then, and looking back I can only assume that my success was pure serendipity. It was not the fruit of my genius, but the result of the freak interplay of outside factors. Like the Alcorn radiation from the Q-bombs they were setting off at the secret proving ground near Kitt Peak, or the anomaly in the earth's magnetic field that made all those birds fly into the White House. They nearly killed President Nixon...

Wait, if Nixon was president then it can't have been 1968... Oh yes! I remember now! The day that I'm thinking of, when I was testing the A.R.G.O.S. at the movie theater, was 1969. The Soyuz 4 mission had brought back those alien parasites, and no one knew why the Soviets had quarentined most of Kazakhstan yet. 

The movie was Wax Terror or something like that, a bad horror movie anyway, and I was sitting in the back. This let me see everyone in the theater, while at the same time keeping the mass of lenses, wires, crystals, and vacuum tubes strapped to my head from blocking anyone's view.

I twisted together a set of wires that ran from a lead-acid battery at my feet to the A.R.G.O.S. device strapped to my head. It let out a high pitched whine as capacitors charged, and a middle aged woman two rows ahead of me turned around to eye me. I cringed a little with embarassment and gave an apologetic wave. She turned back to the screen. I made a few more adjustments and minor preparations, which must have caused the device to rattle because the woman in front of me turned around again, obviously ready to scold me. I was in the process of drawing a third eye in the middle of my forehead using a grease pencil and a compact mirror. She got up and moved to a seat across the theater.

How do I describe what happened next? 

After I received my PhD I was offered a seat on the U.S. Advisory Commission of Extranormal Phenomenon. In 1984 I joined the UN Taskforce on Superhuman Threats. I've lived through the worst years of the Cold War. I was in Chicago when the mole men came boiling up from the sewers with spears made of strange metal and albino priests who blackened the sky with their chanting, claiming that the surface world was their ancient birthright, and we would either kneel or die. I saw the aftermath of The Living Pyre's attack on London, and I was flown in to see the psychic mutilation caused by Atlantis' brief reappearance near the island of Cyprus. I have seen a creature the size of an ocean liner frozen in the ice of Greenland, and I was there when they pulled those children out of that bunker in Utah - wires trailing down their backs from the probes in their brains. But ultimately it is this moment that haunts me.

Did I feel an anticipatory chill of forboding as I lifted the catalyst to my lips, or is my knowledge of what came afterwards coloring the memory? 

As my machine attuned me to the psychic vibrations around me, I could see auras spreading out from the patrons in the theater - as though someone had gone over a photograph of the scene with watercolors. Each person surrounded by a nimbus of delicate colors...except one.

He sat near the front of the theater, throwing handfuls of popcorn into its mouth and chewing with audible smacking sounds. He laughed loudly whenever a character in the movie died, a braying laugh that sent bits of popcorn spraying across the rows in front of him. I say "he," but that's only because the thing in the theater was wearing the shape of a man with violent red hair. As he laughed his braying laugh, and the auras of the people around him flashed with orange and red streaks of annoyance, those streaks tore free and writhed through the air towards him like so many fat, vibrant worms. He laughed again and threw another handful of popcorn into his mouth, and he took up those streaks of aura with it - crunching popcorn and orange whisps.

I think it must have sensed something then, because the thing that was not a man turned around then and looked at me. If I had any doubts, they were dispelled when I saw what looked out from those green eyes, from behind a face that it wore like a paper mask. And when it smiled at me, the bits of aura-stuff that dripped down from between its strong white teeth looked like blood.