My body shunted forwards and back again like I'd just slammed on the breaks going 40. The grass and trees of the park dissolved into white walls, and suddenly where there had been no people before, now there were many. It'd been a few years since the last jump but I recognised the phenomenon immediately. During his final hour, a man on his deathbed could pull his loved ones to his side. 

There were certainly more people at this final hour than at my brother's hour, or than any hour now that I think about it. Any hour of any day I've ever been a part of, even. I hopped up to peek over the crowd, I was in the centre of a sea of faces. It was more like a stadium than a hospital ward. Though I couldn't put my finger on what kind of stadium, whichever sport had the biggest field I suppose. 

'Don't suppose you know who’s we're at, do you?’ I asked the man next to me.

'I haven't a clue. Not seen anyone in a hospital gown about, have you?’

'Nope. No cars or smashed bikes about either. Bit weird isn't it?’ I said.

The conversation had decided it was a brief one and ended itself there. One of the troubles of the hour was that there was no indication as to who's hour it actually was. Every now and again you'd get an awkward situation of two people dragged together with both of them unsure who was about to pop his clogs. I continued looking around, hoping for a clue as to who I was about to disappoint with a vague goodbye and a handshake. Then the clue found me.

'Hello, Mark,’ said the clue, a voice from a direction I wasn't sure I could name, let alone point to.

'H-hello,’ I replied. 'I’m sorry, but who are you? And where are you?’

‘You know who I am.’

'I think I do,’ I convinced myself.

'There is little time left. I have brought you all here to allow you all a peaceful moment before I go.’

'I didn't think death really applied to you?’

'I wish that were true. There few things we do not share, you are not as my reflection, you are as I am. I was as much alive as you are now.’

'Whatever killed you, can it kill us too?’ I asked.

'It can.’

'Will it?’

‘Eventually.’

'Oh. Thought perhaps we'd be in for an inspirational pro-humanity pep talk. Thought perhaps you'd tell us how we don't need you anymore.’

'Ah, no. No one stops this horse once it gets going.’

'Oh.’

'And technically there's four horses.’

'Of course.’

'Four unstoppable horses.’

'Yes, got it thanks.’

'...and horsemen. Of the apocalypse.’