You must confront he person you have hurt the most.
You are dumbstruck, both terrified and anxious about whom you are certain you will see. You love him, you gave him everything. Including the pain, the hardship, and the disease that came with the final four years of your life. And then, just to make it worse, you took what he prized more than anything else- your life. Surely he must hate you for all you've put him through, but you ache to see him.
You wonder what it will mean when he gets here. Does that mean he has passed on as well? Or maybe time works different and he will have had a full life in mere minutes. Or maybe he would simply be an illusion.
You feel a pit in your stomache when you hear the door open. As excited as you are to see him, you can barely look up when he enters the room.
You gasp when the man who walks in the room is not the one you love, but is yourself, staring blankly back at you. 
Your shock turns slowly to anger. Why isn't your love here? Maybe if you weren't gay, he could be happy. He could be successful. He wouldn't have your disgusting disease. He would have a wife and children and everything he could ever want if not for you!
You hate the man who stands before you with a blinding passion and remember your mantra- live for your love so you can be happy. 
But your love isn't here, and your life has expired, and it got you nowhere. Nowhere but hating yourself. All the pain you've caused your love, you felt it ten fold. 
And you only hate yourself more for it. Which is what got you here in the first place.
You give yourself a good look over, appalled at the pain you caused your love. And then it occurred to you- he isn't here. The person you love is not the one you hurt the most, you are. Always trying to be the best for your love, you sacrificed yourself. A foolish thought that he was so important, and you so worthless. You destroyed yourself, and destroyed your relationship with the one you loved most. 
But it maybe isn't too late. Your love is gone for now, in the world you left behind. Now you can love yourself. And then you can truly love another.