As the reports rolled in on the giant screen in the war-room, Lieutenant-General Bo Kwang-kyu clapped and cheered just as enthusiastically as the next officer, ever mindful that the President had a particularly vindictive memory when it came to perceived disrespect against the great Motherland.

Still, something didn’t add up, and Bo cast his eyes furtively side-to-side, hoping to find someone who shared his misgivings. All he saw was pure, unadulterated adoration.

“Again! We have smashed their assault forces, again! Mark my words, this is when the world will finally recognize us as a great nation!” rang the President’s shrill voice from the back of the room, over the din of the celebrations. “Ten victories in ten engagements! We are supreme!”

Bo allowed himself to steep in the festive mood for a while longer, then made an excuse and disengaged, striding back to his office with a heavyset frown on his brow. His right-hand men, Colonels Lee and Park, were already waiting for him, with sheafs of papers gripped tightly in their hands.

“Sir,” Lee began, after shooting off a sharp salute. “We’ve ran separate intelligence checks as you’ve requested. The results are in.”

“And? What do they say?”

“Sir, the reports coming in from the front lines are corroborated,” said Park, spreading the first set of photographs on the table. A couple of years junior to Lee, Park had a penchant for the power of the written word, and rare was the time that he did not have documentary evidence for his claims. “My sources tell me that we have really, actually, repelled the American invaders repeatedly.”

“And it is not just propaganda?”

The question hung heavily in the air as Bo sieved through the photographs. Lee, after double-checking that the recording apparatus in the room had been temporarily switched off, ventured a reply. 

“As far as I have verified, Sir, even the Publications Department themselves had to temporarily suspend operations just to make sure they weren’t unknowingly padding the reports. Park is right, the reports are true.”

Bo didn’t have to ask for substantiation, not from Lee. Just as Park had his methods, so did Lee, and Bo had learned long ago that Lee excelled at extending the finest tendrils of influence everywhere he touched, such that he saw all, knew all, without anyone even realising he was observing. In Lee’s world, the less of a paper trail, the better.

So what was he to do, now that his two most trusted Colonels were telling him that everything he had expected of a war with the United States of America, was wrong?

“Permission to speak freely, Sir,” said Park, adjusting his collar nervously.

“Permission granted,” said Bo, as muscle memory took over and his knee gently nudged the switch under the desk to turn the recording devices back on. Old habits died hard.

“I think we may be winning because of the… unconventional tactics being employed by the Americans.”

“You mean these… horses they are riding into battle?” said Bo, stabbing a finger at the topmost photograph.

“Er… yes, Sir. At first our front-line troops thought that they were a ploy, a feint, something to distract from the real punch of their assault. So we waited for the tanks, but there were none, just horses, more and more and more horses.”

“That was the first engagement, Sir,” said Lee, furrowing his brow in recollection. “The commander I spoke to, he had tears in his eyes as he recounted how their bullets mercilessly cut down row after row of horses and their riders, a senseless bloodbath the likes of which he had never seen before…”

“Tears in his eyes? At the loss of human life?”

“No Sir, at the wastage of perfectly good horsemeat.”

Lee reached out and placed another report on the table. “I know how you said that we always have to keep the civilians away from the battlefield, Sir, but once word got out, there was no way we could stop the neighbouring villages, aha, NEIGHbouring… sorry Sir, it’s my weakness for wordplay getting in th- as I was saying, the villagers in the vicinity would come at night, cart off all the viable horsemeat, and the scene would repeat, day after day after day.”

Bo’s fingers tapped rhythmically on the table as he scanned through the report. When he was done, he returned to the photographs.

“Two birds with one stone, I’m not complaining. OK, what about casualties? The reports in the war-room briefly mentioned that we too have been suffering casualties?”

Lee cleared his throat and leaned back in his chair. “Less than 5% casualty rate, much better than the 95% we had estimated in our wargaming sessions. Hardly any casualties from the arrows they fired from horseback, but mainly when they switched to catapaults and trebuchets.”

“These are the quarries they dug up their ammunition from,” said Park, unfurling a map on the table and circling in red the locations he had committed to memory, “and this is where we believe they are concocting the pitch they smear their boulders with.”

“Do we even have defences against such unconventional warfare?”

“Depends on what you mean by ‘defences’, Sir,” said Lee. “Our land-based mortars and missiles out-range their largest war machines, and since we destroy every one which comes into range, they’ve been firing their flaming boulders from outside the safety perimeter. Suffice to say, none of their ‘rounds’ have ever hit any of our encampments.”

“Then the casualties? How do you account for that?”

Park sighed as he withdrew a series of documents from his folder which Bo recognised as court-martial papers. “Some of the men got bored, and they started playing a game where the man who stands the closest to enemy lines without getting smashed by falling rocks wins the collected pool… or should I say, WON the collected pool, aha, aha- sorry.”

Bo ignored the painful pun. “So you’re saying that actually we could have suffered zero casualties?”

“Hence the court-martials, Sir,” said Lee, sniffing as he regarding the samples on the table. “I’ve also made it clear throughout the ranks that anyone taking part in such games will have their daily rations halved and their family members whipped.”

Bo sighed, then stood up to face the window, where the early blossoms stood in direct contrast with the darkened skies. He had been taught that every war they engaged in could be their last, and the pessimist in him had no idea how to deal with the success they’ve had so far.

“And both of you still believe that this is all because our President challenged their President to a war by medieval means?”

Lee spoke first. “That’s debatable. All our Supreme Leader said was that we would rain nuclear destruction on them if a single bullet was fired, and their President interpreted that as a challenge he could overcome. He said that woe is the American President who backs down from such a challenge, and that they would show the world that even 5th century technology was sufficient to destroy us.”

“This is what our spies are telling us?”

“No, Sir. It’s from his Twitter page.”

Bo took a seat and massaged his temples. “Fine, whatever. Just tell me, what do we expect from the next 48 hours? Anything we can do to help our forces on the front?”

“Sir, we think that they will be trying a night assault this time. We have but the handful of drones we intercepted from Amazon, but they’re telling us that the Americans are going to launch a pre-dawn raid.”

“And what are our preparations against that?”

“We think they will be using bugles to coordinate the onslaught, so we’ve already prepped recordings of the acoustic trash those Southern-rebels listen to in their leisure. We’ll be blasting them at full volume, throughout the night, and let’s just say that there ain’t a bugle in the world which can drown out that filth.”

Bo nodded, heartened at least to hear that they were adapting and learning from [the tactics used against them](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/01/08/asia/north-korea-propaganda-music/). The road to full-fledged legitimacy still lay a great way ahead, but it was every effort like this, every conscious commitment to improve, which would perhaps give them a fighting chance at the end of the day.

“Very well. Continue your good work, as I persist with mine. I’ll make sure our President doesn’t get too cocky, and just stays on the current path to success. The last thing any of us want is our President ordering us to dig a bloody moat now, right? Dismissed.”

“Aha, Sir, if that happened, you could say that our technology’s been de-MOATE-”

“I said DISMISSED.”

---

/r/rarelyfunny