It was 8:24 A.M. on a snowy Tuesday morning in December. I had just woken up, on the side of the road that is. I felt terrible, my head was halfway in a mixture of water and some vile purplish substance. I felt for my phone, my muscles were stiff. I pulled out my phone and called the first number I saw, Tom, my roommate. I got no answer. I pushed myself up and decided to walk down the road. As I walked I pulled my phone out to take my mind off the pain my legs were enduring. I saw Reddit, one of the few thing I enjoy, so I decided to browse it. I noticed immediately there was a thread titled "Did you all just feel that?". It had 35,000 upvotes and was pinned. "What the hell is this?" I clicked on it and I was bombarded with thousands of comments frantically talking about some event that transpired. I read further, users just like me all woke up in various spots around the world. Some were even complaining about an ache in their head, right behind their ears. I felt behind mine, there was obviously some type of cut. Feeling further I realized it was stitched up, there was something inside of my head. I fell down in pain, whatever was inside me didn't like me touching it. I spotted a rock through my winced eyes. It was sharp, sharp enough to cut skin. I grabbed it as the pain in my head intensified. With a swift motion I readied myself and dug the rock into the cut, puncturing it enough I could get two fingers inside. I ripped further and my fingers felt something, I grabbed it. It grabbed back. It was trying to burrow into my skull. I was engaged in a tug of war with whatever the hell the it was. After struggling for what felt like forever it released for a solitary second and I took my chance, I ripped it out. In my hand I held it. It was strange, it was a sort of creature. A worm, but mechanical. I saw where it was holding onto me with. From it's face were 2 long pinchers with razor sharp nubs along them. In-between them were part of my flesh, not quite sure what exactly. I noticed on it's back there was a blinking light and something else covered by my blood. I brushed it off. It was a logo. I looked in fear at it. This was who did this. All of this. But why? Staring back at me was the Reddit logo.