We are a minority, living in the lowest of Amalgaria. A long time ago, Old Trichainz taught me and two of my friends how to perform a basic spell, called The Orb of Rhyme&Rhythm. As it name betrays, it feeds out of rhythm and rhyme. The more sentences we string together with a rhyming end, the stronger it gets. Throughout our youth, we spread our knowledge, growing the amount of casters in our slum. We came up with rhymachines duels. One versus one, whoever created the fattest orb, won.

It ended up becoming a culture of sorts. As the years went by, the talent increased. In the last tournament, I lost against my friend Lil Wiz in the finals. He created an orb the size of a building, an unseen feat. I remember trembling as I heard him stringing word after word, rhyme after rhyme, watching the orb grow and grow, until it loomed over the entire crowd. What if he couldn't control it? What if that beast of a spell went loose? It would've reduced our slum to smithereens. Fortunately, he's a prodigy, but I will never understand why he tattooed his face.

A week ago, I summoned a meeting with the ten best casters--or rhymachines--of the slum. Old Trichainz had died. He'd went to the area of the rich, asking them to send us food, for the children here were starving. Emenar, the king, didn't even address him. He sent a representative instead, Notorous. We don't know what happened, but Old Trichainz appeared limping in the slum, with a sword rammed through his chest, bleeding to death, speaking his last rhyme.

"They are weak. They are greedy. They can't hold you back, radagast," he'd said. It made sense. They claimed knowledge was power, but their concept of knowledge was wrong. There is no use in knowing a wide sundry of spells, if you don't master any of them. Sure, Emenar has an incredible control over the majority of them. However, not even him can hold back a rhymachine. We are a one trick wonder, but we perform one hell of a trick. 

Today, we are leaving our little compartment in this ruthless town. Today, we will rhyme our hearts out. Today, we march toward the king's castle in the name of Old Trichainz.

And we won't hold back, radagast. 

--------------------------------------

/r/therobertfall for more stories :)
