There is beauty in all things. Just as we find art in life, so do we find it in death.  

Humans paint the canvas of their lives; their entire existence, on their own. Though none of it can ever be truly erased, it can be changed. We can paint our lives with great expertise and finesse, or we can paint them shoddily and recklessly.  

I am a painter. My canvases are humans -- more specifically, their souls. I peer into the depths of the darkness others fail to see, for when they can finally see it, it is too late for them. My art is free of darkness, and I have made a profitable craft out of it.  

This darkness can manifest in any form -- disease, misery, death. So, you see, when someone is close to death, the darkness has consumed them to the point where they cannot handle it anymore.  

Though my work is perfect, humans are not. They quickly make a mess of my art by splashing it with swaths of pitch black, and they turn back to having problems. Though I can save them every single time, no canvas of mine has ever come back for a second visit, because in their mind they truly believe they are perfect until the very bitter end.  

The human soul... so fragile, yet so volatile. Even the slightest mistake can completely shatter it beyond saving. So, how do I do my art, you ask? I have found a clever way around the soul. When a human dies, their soul becomes much easier to work with. Though my art is always free of mistakes, I cannot risk failure; I **must** not. I have built up a reputation over the past thirty years as a "doctor". One that never fails to save even the most hopeless of cases.   

Of course, that all comes with a price. For, you see, centuries ago I sold my soul for limitless power. Though I am immortal, I have long desired to pass into the ethereal realm beyond. As it turns out, you need to *have* a soul in order to be able to die. So, in addition to the money I make off of my art, I also keep a little memento off of the canvas I worked with... for myself. Through small fragments of the souls of the many people I save, I hope to one day piece them together into a soul of my own.  

You may call me mad, but living this life has made me realize how better off I would be if I had simply died when I had the chance. But now, this is it. A culmination of my life's work -- my soul. And as it just so happens, it is missing one last piece.  

"Come in, Mr. Davis." I call to my last patient.  

As he explains his problems to me, I simply nod and at the end, I tell him to lie down on the table for a checkup. The sleep-inducing drugs in the water he was given to drink a while back should start working by now, as I prepare to paint my final masterpiece.  

He is injected with a solution that stops his heart in seconds. With the magic I have, I rip out his soul and begin to work on it.   

Ah, the inky black stains are all over it. Time to get to work. Roseate patterns hide the majority of the darkness. Gentle strokes of lilac and indigo cover up the little bits left, and I finish it off with a creamy white. It is very meticulous work, but when you work with a soul, you cannot afford to make mistakes.   

I take a little piece of his soul for myself... His name is Wilson Davis. An established businessman, aged 52, he was recently diagnosed with a chronic condition that no doctor was able to help with. So, of course, he comes to me. I see fragmented memories of the soul piece that I took; they are short flashes of some of the events in his life. When he first learned to walk, or when he graduated high school... of course, there are many other milestones and accolades he has achieved, the faint memories of which are hidden in this fragment.   

I store it away for now, as I must restart his heart before it's too late. I return the soul to his body, and an electric pulse from my defibrillator brings him to life. Another success. To him, it was just like waking up from a good nap, but he has been given a new chance at life. I pray he does not throw it away this time.   

As he leaves, I bring back the soul piece, and use it to complete my soul. I place it into my body, as I feel the weight of 400 years rapidly aging me into a husk. Ironic how I have never truly seen the light, in all my years of making art that is devoid of darkness. Now, I begin to see a faint light, growing further and further, brighter and more intense by the second, until I am fully consumed by it, and I pass into the next [life](https://www.reddit.com/r/TimelessHaven/).  