It was just another boring day at the office you are having your friday meeting like you always do. Lately you've been having dreams or visions of you in the future giving you advice like dont attend the meeting or ask barbra out for coffee but you think nothing of it even though you blatantly follow the advice. You had been playing evolve last night cause it was free on xbox so you are low on energy and you're feeling kind of drowsy. Well then *POW* you are shot into the dream world you've fallen asleep you hear the meeting but it slowly fades away as you start to walk its lts a little.... different than how it usually is but you keep on walking it gets darker and darker then theres a flash of white and a figure it looks like the one in your dreams but unkempt and unwashed but you decide to listen to him anyway its just a dream right? Well he starts to ask if youve seen a man in your dreams you answer truthfully and he ask if he gives advice you say "yes" he tells you not to listen to him and that he is you but he followed all of the dream mans commands and you ask him to prove it
And he brings up barbra and says the man told you to ask her for coffee and he had pinpoint accuracy on all of the advice the dream man had given you. You are convinced its you but taken his advice but the man in this dream fades away and slowly says if you folloe his advice you could end up stuck here forever like me or worse in hell. Then you snap back into reality the meeting is over and its night now. How long was i sleeping you think but you go back to your desk to leaven but your phone or wallet isnt there. You find your car keys and go home and fall asleep again instantly like magic. The rich man appears in your dream again telling you where to find your wallet in a dark alleyway near a parking garage. You wake up next morning and go to the alleyway you find your items and leave to work your fired on two weeks notice. You go home stressed out and take a nap to calm yourself the man tells you where to find another job and you apply. However your original employer wants you back on twice the payroll but your ties down now and think nothing of it. Years later your married and have two kids the man appears again in your dreams and gives you no guidance just talks until one day you browse the deep web and get kidnapping threats you think nothing of it three days later you go to pick your little girl up from school and shes not there you file a missing person report and go home and sleep stressed the man tells you where to find her. The next morning you go there and find her with your wife she stays in the car whilr you get your daughter you get shot and make the ultimate sacrifice to save your family.