I took a picture of Sally down by the river, and according to the camera she was three dogs and an angry goose.  I shrugged, snapped another photo, and this time she was three dogs and a dead goose.  I didn't think *too* much of it, but Sally was pretty put off so we went back to the pawn shop where we got the camera.

The same dude was there, the kind you only find in pawn shops, porn stores, and roadside attractions.  Long tats, greasy eyes, crooked smile, out of fucks but friendly and high.  

"Hey man," I said - "I don't think this camera is a camera."

"Well like what is it then, bud?"  He was genuinely perplexed.  "And what are you gonna put something like that on me for?"

"What?"

"It is whatever it is, bud.  I didn't have any say in it."

"No, you sold it to me.  Like an hour ago."

"Oh."  He scratched his head and swallowed his brain with his face.  "Was it a camera when I sold it to you?"

"I don't think so."

"He took a picture of me at the park and I was three dogs and a goose!"  Sally kind of screamed this - and the dude spaced his eyes at her.

"We don't sell gooses here, man."

"A dead goose!  Do I look like a dead goose to you?"

When he said "No" it was a guess.  Sally didn't like that.

"We want our money back."

"Well, we don't do refunds."  He looked at the camera.  "I guess I could buy the camera back from you though."

"Are you fucking with me?"

"Sally it's fine.  He said he'll buy it back.  It's cool."

"Err, wait, you said it's not a camera though."

"Yeah."

"Oh, I'm sorry man, but we don't really deal in things like that."

"Things like what?"

"Whatever that thing *isn't*.  Nobody's gonna buy something like that."

"You already sold it to me!"

"Really?"

"Yes!"

"What'd you go and buy something like that for?"

"Fuck it."

So we kept the not-a-camera.

***

We put it out of our heads for a while, far enough out that we probably forgot about the whole thing.  Just twenty bucks wasted on some busted old antique.  We could sweat twenty bucks.

A few months later, though, some friends were helping us move out of our apartment and Sally found the thing in storage.  I guess enough time had gone by that it was funny now, and she told Mark and Tony about the goose and the pawn shop.

"Is that the only picture you ever took?"  Tony was turning the thing over in his hands, peering into its nooks like he knew how stuff works.  (He doesn't.)  "You never tried it out again?"

"Why?  It's busted."

"Well you didn't throw it out."  Tony pointed the camera at Sally.  She yelped and waved it away.

"I'm not getting my picture taken by that thing again."  Sally waved it away.  "Don't.   *Don't*."   

"Well take a picture of us then - the guys."  Mark took the not-a-camera from Tony and held it out to her.  "Oh come on, you can hold the damn thing."

"Fine."

Sally grabbed it, the bros posed for a pic in the empty storage unit, and we all gathered around to see what the not-a-camera would spit out.

It spit out a crystal clear image of the storage unit, but we weren't in it.  No Mark and no Tony anyway.   Instead of us, it was *us*.  I mean, not us - but it was me and Sally fucking on the hood of my Neon.  

"Oh my God!"  Sally went white.

"Whoa - hey, damn.  I only looked cause I was looking.  You look good."  Tony was always a gentleman.

Sally hit me.

"What the hell, Nate?"  (Did I mention my name?)

"I didn't do anything."  I was engrossed in the photo.  "I mean, I remember doing *something*."

"This isn't funny!"

"At least you're not a goose."

Sally *hit* me.

"What the fuck is it?"

"I don't know."

"Where did it come from?"

"You took it.  Just now."

"That's us, like, ten years ago.  How is that possible, Nate?"

I shrugged, then snapped another photo.  It was still us fucking.  Sally didn't talk to me for a week.

***


  

  

  