Diary of the world destruction


I'm having a coffee in the modern Gomora, Amsterdam. The rain falls slowly and the tourists are excited about buying sins. I contemplate my whole existence. I remember there was a time when I enjoyed sexual orgies and long lines of coke. I loved snorting it from a young girl's huge ass and I truly felt alive back then. I look around and every day feels just the same now. I've tried everything, I swam with the dolphins, I even played poker and worked in sales. Nothing makes me happy anymore. I just live the same day over and over again. 




I remember what the witch told me. To get free I have to be the last man alive. I know that violence is not the solution. Not regular kind anyway, and I do not feel like getting blood on my hands. To really make the human kind die I need to turn them against each other and let them do the job. I could infiltrate in US gouverment and make them show off to Russia and North Korea but it would be boring and quick. I want to have a little fun before I die. I want to see how low people can get. I want to see misery, pain and depression caused by people to people. It's gonna take a while but I've thought about it and made quite a plan.



First, I will take away their privacy and use anything they ever did wrong against them. This will destroy the trust they have in others. It will ruin their faith in humanity. And I can do it easily with this internet technology. I'll get a job at Google, and during my time there I'll steal information, leak private information and learn everything I can about the most important people on the planet. Then, I will go to Hollywood and become a director. So I can glorify mental illness and make people insecure. I will make it easy for everyone to get guns, drugs and self destruct. While glorifying mental illness and violence I'll make sure it will look pretty. I'll have to have a very nice set up. People need to be busy working for money, which will leave their children unsupervised and poorly educated. Then I'll slowly make them cut the trees, poluate the waters, I'll spread some diseases on animals to take away their jobs and food. The greed will grow big and they will start to kill each other for stupid reasons. They will need physical things that decay over time and they will kill for it. 



Lastly I will turn them against God not as a divine figure but against everything that religions promote. I'll make them believe nothing really matters. And at the end of the world, I will enjoy the view from a skyscraper in a pool and drinking Pina Colada.