"Adi...mein lieb," I purred seductively into the Führer's ear as he laid on top of me, his breath heavy with lust. "Can I be master tonight?"

In the dim light, Adolf furrows his brow in deep thought, having always been the dominant partner in the bedroom. "Just for the night, mein schatz. But don't make any noise that might alert the men. What an embarassment it would be to the people if they saw their leader at the mercy of a woman."

I ignored his sexist comment as he rolled over on his back, pulling me on top of him. He grinds his hips into me, but I pull away and try to get off.

"Dearest!"

"I need to get something...to enhance the pleasure," I say, leaving the bed and heading to the travel bag I'd brought with me. "Can you do me a favor? Lie on your stomach, ass up."

He does what I ask, muttering that he hoped my plan was worth it. I retrieve the special item and hold it behind my back as I saunter toward him, a coy smile upon my lips. Once on the bed, I kneel behind him, brushing a finger down his bare side which makes him shiver. 

This is it, I tell myself and I take a deep breath. The world will thank me for this.

I spread Adolf Hitler's asscheeks apart and with fluid motion, shove the largest, roundest and thorniest pineapple into his rectum. Screams fill the air, but I don't stop until my wrist has been enveloped by the flaccid bloodied sphincter. Hitler's screams had become gurgles as he hemorrages blood from both his mouth and ass. I pull my hand out and wipe it on the silk sheets, and start to get dressed in the dirndl I was wearing at the beginning of this adventure. After I made myself presentable, I made one last check of his vitals to be sure that history's vilest man was dead, then pressed the button on the module that would take me back to my own time.

Lightning fizzles and cracks in the sterile white room of the Time Institute and in a brilliant flash, I appear. I leave the target area and walk over to the computer pod, typing in my name and details of the conquest.

Suddenly, the screen flashes and an excited grin spreads across my face. 

"CONGRATULATIONS IRONICJEREMYIRONS! YOU HAVE PLACED 4TH OVERALL IN THE NATIONAL HITLER HUNTING ASSOCIATION CREATIVE KILLS LIST!"

*Note: i apologise for the image of a sweaty horny Hitler in the beginning*

