I should not have chosen criminal psychology, I thought to myself as I struggled against the steely grip holding my head under the water. Just as my vision was starting to fade I was pulled up. I took a greedy breath of the stale factory air and looked at my captor trying to find hints about his personality or any useful piece of information I could bring to bear against him. Honestly it was pretty distressing. A huge blacksmith in his day job his glazed eyes and firm grip had put me at ease. But now his eyes were fiercely alive. He enjoyed the fear he inspired, or the pain. Or maybe he was just a night person. Damn, I wish I'd studied more for this. 

Profiling had made a lot more sense behind a desk. I glanced at his stained overalls and tried to figure out if it was motor oil or blood. We hadn't gotten passed the pool yet. His case history suggested much worse torture awaited later on. He loved the anticipation. Well maybe I would get lucky and drown. The pass fail method had gotten out of hand, in my opinion.

He dunked me again. I'd thought the profile suggested a clever abduction and careful planning. But he'd hit me hard over the head with a brick and then taken me to a place with a drain. Hell he'd set up some sort of dog pool for this torture. I was being strangled by the thin plastic edge as much as being suffocated by the water.

"I think you'd have enough water. Time to brush that hair." He growled, as he tied me to a chair. Thick rope to a hefty wooden chair. He was better than knots than I'd expected, his hands were pretty dexterous. Maybe he'd been a sailor.

"Were you a sailor?"

"What?" He turned from the table, metal brush (clearly not sanitized from its last use) hanging limply from his hand.

"I'm just trying to figure you out, you tie nice knots. Do you have any naval experience?"

"You know, no one's ever thought to ask," Good, I was making progress! "Probably because of all the torture," I had to keep his mind off of that.

"People tend to be more concerned about themselves too often. I find, as a therapist, it's good to focus on others." Not strictly correct but I felt he might react well to therapist rather than profiler. It was pretty much the same thing in the context of not being horribly mutilated.

"Therapist, eh? Don't you guys charge excessive amounts of money to talk to people?"

"Depends on the therapist and the person. I try to tailor my costs to what people can afford."

"Well while I've got you here we should talk."

"I'd love to!"

"But first, let's give you a trim." He smiled wickedly and approached, metal comb raised high. 





