They all died. Within two years the entire population succumbed due to a unique DNA error, encoded into ‘God’s Powder’, the drug that stops aging and was said to elevate humankind to the next level. What was left was us: sick, wrinkled and frail men and women, barely capable of keeping our own failing bodies alive. In a desperate effort to save humankind, old scholars initiated Operation Phoenix. Millions of frozen eggs were fertilized all around the globe and grown in incubators. They could grow children in tubes but they could not raise them faster than nature allowed it. So it was left to us old folks, the Lost Generation, to raise humanity’s only hope. The fact that many of us were not even able of wiping our own bums, shows just how desperate we were. Even I got two infants and I am not exactly your number one dad of the month, if you get what I mean. In fact: I never had children of my own. Never wanted any. Now I have two. At the age of ninety six. I managed to hang on until my little boy and girl were eleven, which gave them enough time to learn at least the basics: morals, some critical thinking and an understanding of what love is. Other kids were not so lucky. Many Lost Ones passed away while raising a child, leaving the helpless little creatures to fend for themselves for there was no one else who could take care of them. The elders were dying like they were supposed to. 

It was hell. The wild instincts of survival drove the children on. The world they formed, was fearsome to behold.

I am glad I get to go before I can see what will happen next. I am terrified. Terrified for the future of humankind but most of all I am terrified for my little babies. They deserve better than this. They deserve shelter. Love and compassion. Not starvation, deadly fights over fruits trees, water holes and a warm place to sleep. But this is what they will get. These wild animals, that once may have been humans, were taking over the world. It’s the strongest survives in a world full of toddlers and pre\-teens. None of them deserved this. None of them deserved to pay for our mistakes. But they did. 