The first reported Visions didn't happen until 1984, they were rare back then with less than 5 percent of people having them. At first it was a mystery, but by the mid-90's scientists discovered it was caused by a symbiotic pathogen that was brought back from the Apollo moon missions. It thrived inside living beings and the only effect was the Vision. Apparently between 13 and 20 you would have your first, and you both had to be infected. You always saw through the eyes of someone within 7 years of your own age, and if you hadn't seen the Vision by the time you were 21, you would never see them. That was both a blessing and a curse. A blessing because you would never worry about it ever again. But a curse because when we discovered what was happening and it was soulmates seeing through each other's eyes it showed how many people may never have true love. Some people thought it was because they had no soulmate, but others thought it more likely your soulmate died before you were both 13. And sometimes, strangely, it wasn't a through a person's eyes, but an animal. That was incredibly rare however. The thing about a soulmate isn't finding someone you are meant to spend all your life with, but to find who completes you, and for some people it was a pet. Once you met your soulmate and embraced each other the Visions ended.  

I remember my first vividly. It was a Friday afternoon, I was 15, drivers education. I'm not sure why we still allowed people to learn to drive at that age considering the handicap. Maybe because it was such a brief glimpse into the eyes of another person. More likely it's because you did have a warning despite what the books said. You always got at least a minute of warning. Your hearing would start to become muffled, your vision would start to tunnel, and then blackness. Blackness for only a second before you suddenly saw again, and it was the other side. Your Vision. You couldn't hear anything, you couldn't say anything, you couldn't really feel anything, your entire body was numb, a pins and needles situation. You could only see and it wasn't with your own eyes. You still could move, but that wasn't really advisable since you could easily hurt yourself. But here I was, on the highway, 60 miles an hour, and I started feeling the effects. I pulled over telling my instructor I wasn't feeling good.   

I was in a girl's room. White walls, cream carpet, bows and ribbons decorating posters and pictures. They were frozen in place, probably just as scared as I was. They turned their head and I saw on a TV they had been playing a video game I didn't recognize, but it wasn't paused and they were being killed by enemies. I really hope they saved recently. There were two beds, and a girl sitting on one of them thumbing through a book, looked like a strategy guide. Was I seeing my soulmate's sister? She must have realized it was the Vision and that's why she's not alarmed, if she even noticed considering the headphones she had on.  

And faster than it started I was back, I was looking at my instructor. He knew what happened as soon as I was back. He had shifted the car into park after I had stopped since I hadn't before I was overcome. What was disconcerting was the first words out of his mouth. It wasn't, "Are you ok?" No, the first words were, "Did you see who they were?" A fair enough question considering what the Vision was, but since it was my first time I was stunned. He gave me a few minutes to collect myself before we got on the road again.  

I told my mother what had happened that evening, she was overjoyed that I had someone out there. The first thing we did the next day was go shopping. She got me a small planner and told me to write down any information about them that I could gleam, and record the days my Vision happened. If I was a girl you would think she had been instructing me to keep a log of my menstruation cycle, because that's pretty much how it worked. Every 26-30 days you would see the other side for only about a minute. So I kept a log. And it seems so did my other half. For years we would see through each other's eyes, we wrote each other messages. I found out that my soulmate was a twin and the person I saw in the first vision was her twin sister. I explained how I have horrible memory problems on a note in our 35th Vision after the 34th Vision she had written her phone number. That was only half the problem, the other half is that I was deathly scared. I shouldn't have been, but I was. Almost three years had gone by and she finally wanted to speak with me. Over time I explained it was both a bad memory and fear, she seemed to understand. It's hard to convey emotions on handwritten notes sometimes. 

We continued to frequently share notes during our brief time each month. I saw as she went to a university and got a degree. She saw as I dropped out and cared for my dying estranged father. She had an active life that I saw, she would go to conventions and be sociable. In some ways the complete opposite of my reclusive personality. I never let her see me in a mirror if I could help it, but she would sometimes have her note in front of a mirror so I could see her as well. She was more beautiful than I could ever dream, she may have been a twin but she was much more attractive than her sister. 

Then it happened.  

I was 27, middle of my shift at work, and it happened, it clicked during the next Vision, I was still afraid but I was less afraid of her hearing me or seeing me and more afraid of never being with her. The Vision started and she was at a grocery store checking out, she had no note prepared this time, must not have been ready for this instance. She looked around and the person behind her in line was one of my best friends. He had moved away with his boyfriend a few months back and was in line immediately behind my soulmate. In that moment I realized I needed her to be the best me that I could be, just like he needed his boyfriend to be the best him he could be. As soon as I regained control over myself I sent him a text message to give her my number. I waited, but by the time he got my message it was too late. She was already gone, she finished her shopping and had left.  

I quit my job. I quit my job and I moved out to where he encountered her. By the time of the next Vision I prepared a note telling her I wanted to meet, I got a rose for her to see, I even had a mirror set up so she could see me without me hiding anymore. She called me 5 minutes after the Vision ended. Crying. She was so happy I finally wanted to meet. My reclusive personality had started hurting her years earlier, she started to be less of a socialite because she felt I didn't actually want to be with her. I told her I didn't just want to meet. I wanted to be with her, forever. I told her I quit my old job and moved into the city where she saw my friend. In that moment I found two things. I shouldn't have quit and moved without consulting her first because she gave me an earful about being irresponsible. And secondly she didn't live there, she had been on a vacation. But now we could talk to each other, and she gave me an address. I broke the lease I had just signed and moved again. 

The final Vision, it was surreal because it happened moments before our first meeting. I saw myself through her eyes, and she saw herself through mine. We met in a public park, I was waiting on a swing with a flower and she had been walking up to the swings from a fountain. When the Vision ended she spun around to make sure that the fountain behind her was the fountain she saw through me. I just waited. I didn't want to approach her in case I might scare her away. Seconds felt like an eternity until she turned back to me and ran into my arms, crying. 

We dated for a few months, the Visions had stopped, and despite knowing we found the one we didn't want to move too quickly. A year later we got married. And while it sounds cheesy to write since we're still alive and well, we lived happily ever after. 