Everyone contains something beautiful. An idea, a feeling unique to them, or some experience that encapsulates what it means to be human, hidden away in a memory. A speck of sand grows to become a pearl, but there is a moment in time when that speck first finds its way inside the clam. When two eyes first meet, when the first word of a child is spoken, or a single sentence is read that years later inspire a masterpiece. 

I’ve never thought much of my treasures. Instead, I’ve always liked seeing those seminal moments take place in others. When I was a child, I didn’t communicate well with words, and to avoid eye contact I would study all the wonderful things you can find in playground soil. Beetles, earthworms, grass,  old coins, and the soil itself. But when I felt other people were looking away, when they turned their backs to me, I would study them instead. Those were my true interest, and in my finest, most bold moments I would scuttle up to them, carefully and in stages, right until they could almost feel my breath. Then I would tap them on the shoulder, gaze them straight in the eye to see them struck first with surprise, then confusion, and just in that moment where they were most open I would whisper “peripeteia” and look away. I would never do the same child twice. They became ageing wine; left best undisturbed for better times.

I have been patient for many years, and the time has come to reap what I sowed. I walk through the streets, the asphalt sweats in the warm summer night, reeking with that city smell of urine and trash, and I look down onto the pavement with profound, natural skill perfected over years. My steps are swift and soundless, and a quick glance leaves me with the outline of Maria stuck on my retina . She’s all grown up. Her perfume is enticing. I am right behind her, silent as her own shadow pursuing her under the street lights, and in the perfect moment I tap both her shoulders.

She falls on her knees and blossoms from her neck, a beautiful flower breaking open, red as a rose under the could fluorescence of an LED. One becomes two as she splits, and two becomes one as I reconnect with what I planted therein so many years ago. I reach in and fish out a little pearl. It is perfectly round, and once cleansed becomes iridescent. I bring it back with me home. I place it in a jar, among the others, in the hundreds by now, and revel in joy. My very own treasure.