######[](#dropcap)

"Hook, you've got to be mad to believe such a story!" Curtis Walsh, the captain of the precinct, clasped his hands together and sat back in his chair. "You really expect the police to send resources over to investigate this kind of...madcap accusation made by a homeless person?" 

"Sir, with all due respect, this isn't the first person who's made this accusation." Hook clenched his jaw to prevent himself from shouting. "Multiple witnesses have come forth and said that--" 

"Said that this so called boy named 'Peter Pan'--which is a stupid made up name, by the way--has been addicting children to pixie dust? Children go missing all the time, Hook. We don't need some silly fairy tale explanation to make ourselves feel better about why it's true. That's not our department." He took off his glasses and set them on the table--his symbol to indicate the meeting was over. 

"Sir, please--" 

"I mean it, Hook, drop the case. You lost your hand because last time you insisted on acting alone. I'm really sorry for you, and I tried to find the culprit. We all did. But I hope you've learned your lesson about going off half cocked."

Hook's lips thinned into a line, his right hand subconsciously going to feel the smooth edge of the hook of his left hand. The doctor had said the unnatural shape of the cut made it impossible to easily put on another prosthetic and that he was better off with a hook. He'd never found who did it. But these missing children deserved a future, and he was going to give it to them, left hand or not. 

*** 

*"I think he's going after a little girl named Wendy tonight. He were laughin' about it goin' down the street earlier."* 

James Hook hid himself in the shadows, careful not to let himself show. He had no way of knowing whether Carly's tipoff would be accurate or not--that was really the risk that you took when trusting a homeless person for a source--but he had to give it a shot. It was his only clue right now to where Pan might show up next. 

216 Never Way Apt #207. 

He looked at the address once more before crinkling the slip of paper in his pocket. All he knew was that Pan was a wily one, and there were claims of him scaling the emergency ladders to get up into children's bedrooms without the parents knowing. Regardless, as long as he kept careful watch on the building's outside, he would be able to spot them. 

A whistled tune came from behind him. 

Hook hurriedly stepped further back into the alley, between two trash cans, where he was sure he wouldn't be spotted, angling his head to get a better view in the moonlight. He couldn't be certain, but the lanky hooded figure walking up to the building looked suspiciously similar in build to the information he'd been given. Without hesitating, Hook stepped forward, his camera out and ready. He needed evidence. 

He aimed toward the boy and clicked. 

Then hurriedly brought the camera down. 

Fuck. He'd forgotten to turn off flash. Fuck, fuck, fuck. He looked towards the figure, but they hadn't stopped. Hook took a deep breath. He was probably too far for them to have noticed. Thank god. He snapped a couple more pictures. He watched as the figure jumped and brought down the emergency ladder and clambered up. 

Hook's eyes narrowed. It had to be Pan then. The boy was far too adept at climbing the ladder to be anyone else. He moved closer, edging behind a car on the street. If he could get a clear picture of the boy's face, even just climbing up the ladder or coming down, then he'd have a case and Walsh would have to let him investigate further. 

The minutes ticked by after Pan disappeared into what he presumed to be apartment #207 on the second floor. Hook sat in silence, equally patient, his camera at the ready. 

After what felt like years, the window finally opened again, and Peter climbed down, the sound of his whistling shrill in Hook's ears. He shot as many photos as he could of the boy climbing down before dipping down and sitting with his back to the car, clutching the camera to his chest, his heart pounding. There had to be one good one in there. Pan had been looking down as he climbed, and this particular camera was very good at catching the light. 

A smile came to his face. All he had to do now was go back and look at the pictures. 

Hook felt a small tap on his shoulder. 

He turned his head to face a boy with blonde hair and beautiful, elegant features in a green hoodie. He hesitated at the unexpected appearance. "Hey," the boy said with an innocent smile. "You've got something of mine it seems." Then the smile vanished from his face as his dark brown eyes hardened and turned black. "My photo." He brought up his hand and blew dust into Hook's face, blinding him temporarily.

Then Hook felt the world fade to black.

***
[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/9wsi1v/wp_a_teenager_has_been_kidnapping_young_children/e9notse/) below!

I write more fantasy at r/AlannaWu!