^(I see your typo and I choose to ignore it)

Juley came back from work to find Prince Pondicherry laying on the couch, as per usual. In the ten or so months since he'd appeared - she'd lost track of the exact date, as the day she kissed a frog out of desperation for any contact at all wasn't her proudest moment - he'd garnered a sugar gut that he certainly didn't have at the beginning, His skin had gone from a tanned tone to something far more pale and sun-lacking, and he'd grown more and more despondent with every passing job application.

"How'd it go?" She spoke up, already knowing the answer.

"*awful.*" Replied the prince, reaching for a grape from a nearby box, and following it up with a grape flavoured gumball. "A whole thirty minutes wasted in a waiting room - question, does anyone actually read those magazines *properly*?"

"Not really." answered Juley, hanging her tote onto a nearby hook on the wall. "It's just something to keep you busy."

"I read the one they had - *one!* - ten times before they called me in. I now know more about this... I'm A Celebrity, I mean what even *is* a Celebrity?"

"Famous person."

"Well, for famous people, they don't seem to have any outstanding achievement! And if they did, why on earth do they put them on an island and make them eat bugs? Especially now, in the age of..." He paused, digging through the air with his hand for an answer, before gesturing towards the various bits of garbage lining the coffee table in front of him. "*this*. It's ridiculous."

"Yeah, that's the point, I think. We get entertained by seeing famous people suffer."

"Huff. Well. Maybe that should be my job. Put one of those camera things on me, and view the life of Prince Pondicherry, monarch to a non-existent throne and keeper of a lineage no-one seems to remember."

"Hey, C'mon. Focus on the interview." Juley sat down on her own armchair (She'd thankfully got it for cheep from a close relative in a spurt of good luck, considering the timing) as the Prince gave a half-hearted groan.

"Yes, well, after all that waiting, all that reading and wondering and translating and... *thing*ing, I walk in, and the third question they ask, 'can you use a computer'? Had me trying to type in - I mean I've barely learned your language! And now I need to use a keyboard? There's not even any keys on it! Or if there are, I'm not seeing them!"

"Well hey. At least you're getting better at speaking."

"Yes, and a fat lot of good it's doing me. I think I preferred the frog life, frankly. Much less responsibility. ... Your mother called again. Told me to get a job. Again."

"She does that. She was doing that to me about when you showed up. I think she's just gotten so used to saying it that it feels weird having not to, so... You're the scapegoat, I guess."

"I'm feeling remarkably like a sacrifice to a god, yes." He sighed, taking a swig of a bottle of one substance or another - even he'd lost track of what he was drinking at this point. "You'd think. You'd think that once a curse is broken, you'd be free. And yet... I'm feeling more trapped then I was before."

"Hey, C'mon. Don't get poignant on me. You're making a lot of progress since you... turned, I guess is the word?"

"Mmm. Well. A lot of progress, and yet we still stand here. *And another thing*, I just remembered, the other interview - it's a beginner position, yes?"

"Last I checked."

"Then how in the blazing underworld am I supposed to have 5 years experience?"

Juley gave a shrug. "Ask them. Hell, ask anyone. No-one's really sure."

"*Hell*, that was the word, thank you, I'd forgotten... Still. It's ridiculous. If it wasn't for the food and this heating contraption you have running through the house, I'd be finding a way back to my own time."

"Which was... I think Aztec? Egyptian...?" She'd made one of her first ports of call the library to research about Prince Pondicherry, but details were scant, and in most cases (at least according to the Prince himself) wrong.

"Oh who knows and who *cares* anymore." He responded, bitterly. "Not them outside. That's for certain. You'd think my statue would have lasted, but no, it isn't *there* anymore."

"... Statue. Wait a minute, I just had a thought. Gimme a minute, I'm heading to the museum." She flicked her bag back on and headed for the door. "Gimme twenty minutes, and if I find what I think I'm gonna find, I'll send you a picture on my phone, see if it helps." 

As she left, she heard the prince cry out in response: "YOU KNOW I CAN'T *USE* THIS DAMN THING!" She responded with "YOU'LL WORK IT OUT!"

She hoped she was right.