When I first answered the ad in the newspaper, it said “help wanted”, underneath proudly boasting “$45 an hour”. I figured I’d be a god damn janitor or something. The ad said that to learn more about the job, I’d have to come in and speak with their representative, but that no prior qualifications were needed.

It was pretty clear this was a non-disclosure agreement type situation, some sort of government site or private contract that a company didn’t want being exposed. They didn’t even put the name of the company on the ad, it just kept saying “our organization”. 

They put me in a pod that was pressure sealed and gave me Valium to help me relax as they got everything going. The oxygen flowing in and out of the pod was cold and brisk but plentiful and a constant reminder that I was being taken care of. 

The last thing I saw before losing consciousness was the smiling face of Dr. Rosenberg. A short, kind faced man, he was what made me feel comfortable enough to hop into the tube in the first place.

They told me specifically that they will not touch me in any way. They said that I would wake up in 12 hours and everything would be back to normal, so to just clear my schedule and plan on being compensated as stated previously.

When I woke up, I looked outside the front of the glass pod to see a flickering light. It was one of those lights that you’d see in an operating room. I emerged from the pod after determining the state of the room looked wrong and pulling the emergency lever. To my shock, neatly stacked to the left of the pod were the bodies of 6 men in jumpsuits, and Dr. Rosenberg. None of their faces look scared. In fact, slight grins lay disturbingly on some of their faces. Their was no struggle. Nobody broke in or out. The only thing I noticed was the eyes of the corpses were smoldering, and the word “Sorry” was burnt into the wall, but beyond that the room was unbothered. 

The sight was disturbing, but something about leaving felt more right than walking in. I went outside of the room and to my surprise the front desk was still intact, with the same cute secretary working behind it. I walked up to the counter, expecting to be pelted with questions about some kind of commotion. Nothing.

Mr. Eli, thank you for helping us today! Here’s your check, as promised!

“Did you not hear anything odd in there?” I asked, perplexed.

“Nothing at all. Was everything okay for you?” she inquired with genuine concern.

“Yeah, everything was fine, I’ll see you later.”

I had to get away. I’m staying at a motel for a few nights in Vegas, something happened in that room that shouldn’t have. 