Jinx wasn’t responding to my calls. The cat just kept meowing and pawing at something by the shed; the same way it toyed with the catnip toy I kept in the house for him. 

“Jinx! What are you making a fuss about?” I shouted from the back door.

He continued toying with whatever it was. Jinx loved being outside, he was a good cat for catching pests but had a penchant for leaving dead mice on the deck. *Have your fun, cat, but stop leaving me messes to clean up.*

I walked out and closed the door. Shooing Jinx away, I furnished the towel I usually used to pick up dead mice. Hunching over I saw what the cat had been toying with. I had to squint and blink as what I saw baffled me. A field mouse, wearing what looked like a wallet chewed in to the form of a cuirass, looked up at me. In its paw was a yellow hilt, and next to it was the broken shaft of a toothpick sword. Around its next was piece of fishing line with a claw tied to it.

*What the hell did you find, Jinx?*

Picking up the mouse with one hand, I rested it on top of the towel in the other. Jinx meowed at me and followed me to the back door. I went inside, shutting Jinx out despite his unusual attempt to get in. In my office I laid the mouse down on the walnut desk. Not familiar with mouse expressions, I figured it was eyeing me suspiciously. 

“No worries little guy. I’m sorry Jinx got to you.”

Still the mouse looked uneasy. It turned its head down and looked at its surroundings. I’d placed him on the world map I used as a desk mat. A gash on its leg made it move with a limp. 

“What did that cat do to you?” I asked, watching it hobble across the desk. “It would probably be easier if you let go of that sword.”

Glancing back, the mouse looked like it shook its head. He continued to limp over the map and stopped when he got to Europe. *Was it reading locations? The heck?* Moving south to Turkey, the mouse used the now flat tipped yellow sword to point at Turkey.

“Turkey?”

Once again, it shook its head, if that’s something mice could do. It tapped the “T.” Then it traveled to Turkey’s capital, pointing at the “ank” in Ankara.

“Tank?” 

He might have nodded, but I started to assume the mouse was in its death throes and unable to properly find a place to die. The sword tip then touched the “u” in Turkey.

“Tank u? Thank you?!”

A mouse version of a nod, I was sure of it. I had to pause. There was no mistake here. This mouse had just communicated gratitude, and I’m no savage so I told him, “you’re welcome. But what for?”

Closing his eyes the mouse made no response. I watched it for a moment to see if it would wake up, but it seemed unlikely to move for the time being. I built a barricade around it to keep it from falling off the desk. Taking out a piece of paper I wrote the letters of the alphabet in a circle big enough for the mouse to sit in the center of.

Half an hour later the mouse had awoken. Once again he looked at me. No longer with suspicion I thought, it was more a resigned expression. At that moment it noticed the wheel of letters and moved to the center, sword in hand.

“What are you?” I asked.

M O U S E K N I G H T

“Mouse knight?" The situation was strange enough already, so I continued, "Ok, but why were you in my yard?”

S A V E M I C E W H O L I V E T H E R E

The thought crossed my mind to start planting peppermint in the yard.

“Because of Jinx?”

The mouse-knight nodded. He motioned to the claw worn around his neck.

“You’ve killed a cat before?”

He shook his head. A look of shame?
 
F O U N D

“You found it? Where did you find a claw like that?”

No attempt at replying was made. I thought I might be crazy. Perhaps I’d fallen in the yard earlier and was dreaming of a mouse that could communicate. If it stopped communicating maybe I was waking up.
 
“Have you fought a cat before?”

N O

Maybe I wasn’t waking up. “Then why fight Jinx? He hasn’t lost a match with a mouse yet.”

F O R H O P E.

Hope? What did mice know of hope? 

“Are the other mice in the yard your family?”

N O A L O N E

“Alone? Did they hire you?”

T R I E D P A Y W F O O D S A Y I N O J U S T A H O M E

The mouse slipped in to sleep again. I grabbed a clean hand towel and folded it in to a small bed for the mouse knight. I left it a small bit of water and some crackers. Turning off the light, I left the office. *A home.* Risking his life for a home seemed like a poor trade.

Jinx was still outside, so I called for him to come in for the night. For once, he was already by the back door. We went to sleep.

In the morning I kept Jinx in the bedroom and went to check in on the mouse knight. Thinking it would awaken at the sound of the door opening. He just laid there, lifeless and cold to the touch. I picked up the towel and carried him out to the back yard, leaving Jinx inside. The trash can was where dead mice went, but it seemed wrong this time. Carrying him to the place near the shed where I found him, mice began coming out from the brush and the corner of the shed. They lined the side of my path, watching me. I wondered if it was too late for peppermint. 

I dug a small grave for the mouse knight and placed him inside, leaving the towel under him. The shaft of the plastic sword was still there and I placed it beside him. Filling the hole, I laid a tumulus to mark the spot. By this time all of the mice had disappeared. 

Not even sure they would understand, I spoke to the places they’d come from, “I’ll keep Jinx inside from now on.”

Jinx doesn't mind staying inside these days. He usually inspects all the nooks and crannies in the office. The burial mound is still there. Sometimes I’ll walk near the shed and see bits of food or flower petals set around it. I wonder if it’s a sign of respect from the mice, but I’m not familiar with mouse expressions.
