Meth class is so boring! I understand the class is supposed to be the introduction into meth, to learn about the effects of Meth and all that, but this is insane. The teacher has a visual diagram of the needle naming the parts and the safe dosage against the dangerous dosage. My dad does meth 4 times a day, 3 of them on the job! Only because he built up a resistance and has to take it multiple times according to him.
 
  Mr. Curry: “Now class, I want you to understand that the standard and most commonly used injection point is the left arm, brachial artery. This is what is know as the what?”  he points off at one of the students  “La’toya.”

  La’toya:  “It’s called the Sweet Spot…”  she said with a sigh

  Mr. Curry:  “And who can tell me why it’s called the sweet spot?”  I raise my hand since nobody else is and I rather get passed all the boring stuff.  “Yes Mr. Lorde”

  “It’s called the Sweet Spot because of how easy it is to access and you don’t need another person involved. Also, it is because the brachial artery is not only easy to find with ample pressure, but it is a major artery. Oh, and most of the population is right handed.”

  Mr.Curry: “Outstanding! Someone has been reading their material.”

  Half the class groans, I’m not doing this to embarrass anyone; it’s just that I am bored and the faster the class goes, I can do something interesting. That, and my counselor still hasn’t shown up at the office to switch me into labs.  As Mr. Curry drones on I start to doodle in my sketchbook, drawing Methamphetamine-Man and his constant battle against ADHD Ninjas. I suddenly feel Dixon jab me in the ribs with a pin.

  “Ah! You fucker. What’s that for?”
  
  Dixon: “For being a goodie goodie. You think you know everything, but you don’t know this” He pulls a small calculator out his backpack. I can see that it already has numbers on it.

  “Is that a calculator?”

  Dixon: “Now so loud Nerd, you’ll get us both in trouble. Yeah it’s a calculator, got it from older brothers room. It has all kinds of numbers.”

  “Yeah, no; I’m not about that life.”

  Dixon: “You got to try a little bit of it. Check this out, 18 multiplied 33 is 594. That’s triple digits! I’ve been doing this for weeks.”  

  Eventually another classmate of mine enters the conversation, we called this kid Carl G.

  Carl G: “I heard you dweebs talking about math with a calculator. I got one better.”  Carl looks around to see if anyone is paying attention and pulls out his own calculator, bigger than Dixon’s.  “What I got here is TI-84 Plus Silver Edition Graphing Calculator.” 
  
  The collective wow from Dixon and I was that of seeing a woman naked for the first time on the internet. Carl began telling us in hushed tones that his father been doing Math since he was 20 in college. As the story has it, he started out doing addition on paper and moved up to Algebra. His dad went to prison serving a life sentence doing statistical engineering. I never heard of it, but it’s really big deal and was all over the news. Carl was named after his father Carl Gauss, this guy is the Jr of a well-known convicted Mathematician.

  Carl G: “This was my dad’s; I found it when my mom was cleaning the attic.”

  Mr. Curry: “Mr Lorde! I can see that you know your meth, but that doesn’t mean you can distract your classmates from learning this material.”

  “Yes Mr. Curry”

  Mr. Curry: “If you are going to distract your classmates, maybe you’ll share with the whole class.” He said with his arms crossed, expected on an answer. . . I hesitantly looked at Mr. Curry and I can hear Dixon and Carl G telling me not to say anything under their breaths.

  “Math is dope.” I said with a smile, I genuinely amused with the concept and why people even do it. Mr. Curry on the other hand was not amused.

  Mr. Curry: “Principles office! NOW!”
