Thus the tragic story of T-rexus the Vengeful. 

In order to fully understand, one must know of his pain and trials: 

Many millions of years ago, T-rexus lived an ordinary life. He hunted with his family, protected his young ones, and sought to create a future with a female of his species. T-rexus nearly achieved all that his life had dreamed, only for an unfortunate circumstance to take it all away. 

Fast forward millions of years, T-rexus is on board his Class X mega destroyer vessel. Armed to the T with.... Mining lasers and drills. 

"Yes" He says as he struggles to fold his tiny hands together.

"Yes, it is all coming to fruition..." 

"Approaching The Belt, sir"

"Understood, Captain. Arm lasers" 

The high-pitched hum of mining lasers being warmed up was present through-out the ship. A sly grin formed on T-rexus' face.

"Indeed." He said with a dark chuckle. T-rexus look towards the fire button.

"Do we have our first target in sight?"

"Yes Sir" 

His grin widened, bearing all of his sharp teeth.

"Very well then." He reached down towards the red button marked "Fire..."

and reached

and reached some more

"Uh, cadet... Can you please press this button for me?" He said sheepishly. 

Before long, the hum grew louder as the safety was off, the target was selected, and the button pressed.

*Bzzzzzzz* the powerful lasers launched forward, charging deep into the asteroid.

T-rexus laughed a deep, evil laugh. 

"You all shall pay for what you have done! Hahahaha!"

And then he opened his eyes, and looked at the target.

"What?!"

He said in complete surprise.

"More rocks? This cannot be... Arm auxiliary lasers, direct all power to our hard-points."

"Yes sir."

The hum grew louder, laser intensity got brighter. All this, only to find that broken rocks create more rocks. 

In a fit of rage, T-rexus took control of the weapons module, and madly starting firing into the mass of dust and rocks. IT made no difference, the rocks kept dividing  and multiplying. T-rexus' rage was unable to be tamed. He shot laser after laser, rock after rock. Little did he know, that upon the chaos he created in this peaceful asteroid belt, he knocked a large asteroid out of orbit. IT came with full force into T-rexus' ship, thus destroying it and all who lay within. 