Death came to visit each night.

He wore a black cloak over black armor, his head free of the helmet he wore on the topside, the telltale matting of his hair the only indication he wore it. He loomed large in the small, hand-dug tunnel, mere inches separating his shoulders from the hard dirt wall on one side and the bars of our cells on the opposite. 

Death walked on the heels of Pain. Tonight, Pain’s incarnation was a woman, dressed seductively in a black leather jumpsuit, the zipper of her garment half-zipped to just above her navel, providing a delicious view of ample cleavage. She held the handle of a whip in her right hand, the length of it trailing over her right shoulder, the tip brushing the ground. Earlier today I had felt the sweet bite of her whip on my back, buttocks and legs, the pleasurable pain running like sharp nails down my spine and to my groin. I both hated and loved when Pain was a woman.

Death stopped outside the door to my cell, turning to face me. In the cell he had just passed, I could hear the man inside sobbing, his visitor this night, and all the other nights previous, Hope. She had come to visit me my first week here, though I never asked her to. 

Even on the topside, I only ever asked for Death. 

Reality sometimes visited after Hope and tonight, I wondered if he walked her heels like Death walked Pain’s. Many a night over the last six months Death had excused himself early from our conversation to visit Reality’s victims, their sobs, wails and screams following him down the hallway. After those visits, Reality often walked on air, bouncing from step to step on the keening cries of a prisoner’s desolation. 

Last night, Death and I had been in the middle of a conversation regarding little-known serial killers when Reality walked by, whistling a merry tune. Death’s eyes followed the deity’s back down the hallway, his face set. He excused himself then, interrupting his story about baby farmer Amelia Dyer. I couldn’t help but be annoyed at the interruption; I was always interested in serial killers and it wasn’t often Death divulged the history of his workers. 

Death killed me quickly on the nights he visited Reality’s victims. Last night was no different. I hoped he could stay longer tonight, holding me, touching me, killing me slowly everywhere our skin met. Last night Pain had been a man. He worked me over for hours and my body had been mostly numb, much of my skin burned by boiling water, both legs and arms broken. I couldn’t have felt a slow death anyway. But I could tonight.

And maybe tomorrow night, if Pain remained a woman. 

Death let himself in my cell, ducking under the door’s header. One of Anguish’s lackeys closed the door behind him, even though I never attempted to leave. Even though Death was in no danger from me.

“You did not kill Reality’s victim.”

He didn’t answer right away, just leaned against the bars, arms folded over his chest. “Faith is being held in the cell beside his. He was not ready for my visit. Not like you.”

Since the first time I became aware of him, I wanted him. Wanted Death.

He removed the thick glove from his right hand, leaving his left still covered. “Show me where you hurt.”

I turned my shirtless back to him, throbs of pain radiating from the wounds caused by Pain’s whip. His fingers lightly brushed down my back, the sweet sensation of my tissue, nerves and cells dying radiating through my body where he touched. His fingers left my flesh and I turned to face him, tripping over my feet. I reached out and grabbed the closest bar, steadying myself. 

I saw him reaching for me with his re-gloved right hand, his movement slow and deliberate. “I can’t take another night of this.” His gloved hand latched onto my left shoulder, squeezing tight. My knees buckled.

“Fuck Destiny—I’m getting you out of here.”

I pushed back at him, trying to break his hold. “No. If I return we cannot be together. This is the only place I can see you, be with you. You, Death, are all I want.”

His face was dark. He batted away my hands and hoisted me into his arms, kicking open the door to my cell. He must have killed all tissue and nerves in my back because I couldn’t feel any pain from his rough handling. He strode quickly, confidently down the dirt tunnel and into a large cavern.

“What are you doing? Where are you taking that prisoner?” Rage asked, pushing to her feet from her desk outside the tunnel’s entrance.

“Topside.”

“No.” I pleaded with him, begged, but he wouldn’t look at me, ignoring the shouts and fury of the lesser deities behind him.

He walked up the hand-carved steps, emerging into the darkness of topside. 

“Please. I don’t want to leave you.”

For the first time in six months, Death smiled at me. “I am Death. You are Life. Where you are, I am also.”