Sorry in advance for phone-formatting:

"What do you mean "That's him"? Are you screwing with me?" He could hear the crew members snickering behind the old door he slammed in order to "commune properly with the other side." George Cruz was fine with the little chortles and eye-rolls before, he didn't really blame these people who've only seen rip-offs and fakes blunder their way through the insultingly easy tasks set before them, but now it was different. 

"What dya' mean, what do I mean?" Kyle Lauford was the apparition in question. George had examined his case file to see whether someone really had died here by his name (as there were a lot of people who like to set him and his kind on a wild goosechase), and figured out that this was in fact a missing case, confirming it with Marie, a police woman whom he helped find her missing father not a few years back. 

"Yup," she told him behind her little desk, reading off the old report sheet barely two pages long and sprinkled with dust and crumbs from her sandwich. "This guy's definitely dead, and his remains were buried on-sight at the old Winchester big house. Twenty-two years old, time of death 2:55. Cause is blunt force trauma, multiple blows to the head and ribs. His brains were leaking out by the time someone came in to check on him. Possible weapon could be a tire iron, but we're uncertain."

"Ok, but who was this guy? It makes it easier to... y'know, talk to 'em."

Marie sighed. "Are you really going to take him up on his offer? You know how these things go right? Even if you find anything, they'll chock it up to coincidence. These guys live in a rational world, George."

"And what, I don't?"

"No." Usually she was grateful to him, but after being friends for five years her apathetic side was starting to rear its ugly head. The only thing she really cared about was taking care of her aging parents and the stories he brought back from his line of work, and she was worried that the latter would be jeopardized by playing Nick Foreman's little game. "The "Prophet or Phony?™" team is really grounded, but more importantly: *they want to destroy you and your livelihood,* and for good reason. They think you're preying on poor, desperate people, and if for even a second you screw up, you'll be bombarded with vitriol and threats. Your lease goes up, people won't sell you things, so-on and so-forth even *after* you quit. Please think about what you're doing."

"I am," he responded with just as much frustration as her. "They called me out personally, and everyone's seen my office on t.v. Not going now is equivalent to a screw-up, only worse because I'll be admitting I'm a coward on top of being a thievar." 

"A what?"

"A theiving liar!" It's not as if he didn't want free advertisement, but this was just bad publicity. "I've got to make this work. This case seems really shut, and murders are some of the hardest crimes to solve. Give me anything on him." 

"He was a person serving Sarah Winchester in 2003, dumb kid took care of the families' horses and cleaned around the house, but got into some trouble now and then. Some say he had a crush that never went anywhere his brains didn't. Nothing much else is said."

"I said, *that's the guy!* He hit me over the head with a candleabra."

"A candleabra?"

"A *candleabra!*" He paced around, shoes either an inch above the ground or in it. George guessed it was habit to try and walk on solid ground.

"Ok, are you certain that that man--" he opened the door widely so that he could see him clearly. Nick waved at him and gave him his "Uh, I'm waiting" smile. He shut the door with a loud click. "...Is the guy?"

"*Yes.* For God's sakes, yes! He was a guest who wanted to see the place, and he had the hots for Sarah Winchester, lady of the house. He leaves one night in a rage when I tell him that she's not interested. I had the hots for her too, but I knew when I was outclassed, and unwanted. So the guy leaves and after a week the guy tiptoes back in by the back, finds my room, and breaks my ribs with his fists. I'm not a big guy as you can see, but I fought back!" 

George's eyes lit up. "You fought back? Good! Are their any scars you left him after the fact? Did you penetrate his skin or leave any lasting marks?"

"Oh well no, only bruises and I maybe broke something..." 

"We can possibly track that! Anything to get us started. What did you break?"

"..."

"You didn't break anything, did you?"

"..."

"You didn't even fight."

"..."

"You cried in the corner while you wet your pants."

"Hey! That's not fair now I... yeah I cried. But in all fairness I was busy being bludgeoned to death, so I think I get a free pass."

"Fair enough. Now, is there anything, *anything* that could connect him to the murder?"

He began prodding a fireplace that hadn't been lit for ages since the place closed down. Despite that, his eyes glowed a mild orange as he stared forlornly down, as if memory alone could keep him warm.

"Nope, sorry bud. I don't know what to tell ya'. I want to make this guy pay too, but I can barely lift this poker a centimeter off the rack, and I can't leave this place unless someone helps me. Say, you wouldn't be able to do that, would ya'?"

"No." George rested his head against the door, knowing full well the disgrace that was on the other side. He wondered how he was going to live this down. Well, at least it was better than being bludgeoned to death. Maybe.

"Shame, I almost went out with her too. Damn shame."

"Huh?" 

"Damn shame."

"No, before that." 

"Oh, she wanted to have dinner with me a few days before I died. I guess she felt indebted to me for something? Dinner for two, damn. Why'd you wanna know?"

"Nothing. That's probably your first step to passing onto wherever you guys go to. Doesn't help me one bit... wait. Where's the candelabra?"

"The candleabra?"

"The candleabra!" George grabbed at his ethereal coat, pulling him in on instinct alone. "Do you know where he put it?"

"No! He could've buried it in a thousand different places by now!"

"But it's not here?"

"No, I never found it. He probably put it in his car when he left." 

This was big, a lingering feeling of hope for his reputation and of course, the justice of this dead man, stirred in his heart at the mere mention of it. George paced back and forth to think of something. "Ok, you usually have an attachment to things you last touched. That was the floor, but the fact remains that your blood was still on the weapon."

"Right."

George, with the brightest smile on his face, pushed open the door so hard that you could hear the wood crack. "So," Nick said, one brow above the other, "ready to call it quits. Just admit that you can't commune with spirits and we'll be on our way."

George laughed and cleared his throat. Mimicking Kyle's accent he said, "Now Nick, ol' buddy ol' pal, you've been a bad boy."

"Excuse me?"

He held up four fingers. "Four weeks! Come back here in four weeks, and I will have the killer. If not, I will freely admit that I am a fraud, a cheat, a liar, a con, and that I have a porn addiction. What d'ya say?"

There was a giggle from one of the camera girls. They were still rolling, so they picked up every word. George could give out challenges too. 

"Normally..." Nick started, "I would just cut here and tell people you're a loon, but I'm interested to see what story you come up with. Perhaps we'll solve this mystery, or I get to see you admit to having a porn addiction. Four weeks then, don't disappoint."

"Cut!" The director and scriptwriter began arguing over the end of the week's episode. The crew started to move out, but not before Nick cast a weary glance back at him. He'd hoped that he could pound into people's minds that this case was freezing cold or at least have some finality over all this, but did that kid know something? 

After they left, Lauford leaned on the inside of his shoulderblade and said, "You've really dug yourself a new one, haven't you? Well I assume you have a plan of sorts?"

"Yup, first we'll help you pass on. You can linger for a long time afterwards, but much more freely. Then we'll go after Nick." He wipped out his old Nokia phone and dialed a number. "Hello? Who's this?"

"Hey Marie it's me, George. Look I'm gonna need you to come by the Winchestor manor, it's urgent. Oh, and--" he covered the phone up with his palm. "What does Sarah look like?" Kyle pointed up at the large painting above the staircase. "Yeah, bring a ball-dress. Preferably in blue." He shut the phone before she could argue.

"So, are we really gonna...?"

"Yup," and with as much confidence as he could muster he declared: "We're going to catch ourselves a killer."

Edit: Hey thanks guys, I'll start working on a part two soon if you guys want.