A dark star descended.

A concussive force eradicating any starship too close to its sudden arrival. Along with it a sickening silence eminating from behind the ears of every soldier in the fleet. A cacophony of static high pitched madness interlaced with the outraged heart pumping its thick liqour like a flood. Coming from seemingly nowhere and occupying everything possible.

General Arthurson had been knocked prone and had been all but unconscious for a period of time murky and elusive. With a body that petitioned his every contraction he lifted himself above what was reasonable to overcome like he had done countless times before.

Breathe. Assess the situation.

His body would wait for his attention. First his men.

Many were mounting themselves upright in a manner similiar to him. Others weren't given the opportunity to do the same. All of this despite the fleet maintaining shields at fifty percent as a precaution.

Attention turning outwards.

Half the fleet in an instant. Their technology was vastly superior to their own. Humanity had hardly the time to produce a resistance against a force that most likely perceived them as naught but insects.

Inwards now.

Arthurson's grip tightened around the podium upon which he lifted his fragile human body. He assumed a dignified military straight back proud chest posture. Then he buckled a bit. Wiped his brow. Calmed his breathing. Spat some spit or some blood. Focused. Lifted himself up again.

Project your voice.

"Men," first but a whimper then a cough, "Men! On your feet! Damage assessment!"

The response to the trauma from his crew was hardly as competent as his own. But from
his mouth was released a sort of newfound commitment to self preservation.

A sharp lightning time stoping crack.

Behind the general, a blinding red and white light that mirrored the stars in luminosity. there was hardly a need to turn around to understand that this battle was over before it had began.

A hand upon his shoulder. Something behind you demanding your attention.

Black fingernails. Gemstone jewelry.

"Arthur." A hollow and enigmatic tambre resounding quietly behind him and lingering within his skeletal foundation.

He shifted his attention and his body followed.

Between him and the dark star was the woman that the federation had so reluctantly allowed authority within the ranks of the knights of Lazarus.

Osmonoth.

Her visage was nothing less than a dark goddess with eyes that shattered any illusion of one's own soul being a solitary place. The dark star behind her and her deep purple cloak complimenting each other in such a way that one couldn't really help but make associations between the two. The red neon light of whatever god damned technology this threat to humanity had accenting her blood red lips.

She looked unscathed.

Expressionless. Maybe a little pity behind the eyes. He couldn't tell.

The red light dimming. Countless lives effortlessly taken as little supernovas of erradicate ships drifted off into the vast emptiness of space.

She spoke and the words followed.

"Arthur. There are but two paths. One of self preservation and the other of failure."

Another sharp lightning neon red crack blinding light and all consuming sound.

Attention inwards.
They hadn't a chance in hell.

She had consulted him earlier. Arthur was a man of action and despite his strong reservations towards the occult and his aspirations towards the purity of the soul had always prioritized the preservation of himself and his people.

He reluctantly gestured towards consent.

"So it's decided" Osmoth interjected.

A knife in his chest. An arm around his shoulder. Osmonoth closed the distance between them like light.

Blood pooled again around his tongue. He'd been in worse pain before but he had never been this afraid.

"Speak worm." Commanded Osmonoth.

"My soul for you," he whimpered through punctured lung and shattered heart, "oh great one."

Osmonoth concluded:

"Cthulhu."