I used to love showering.

The bathroom was a place where I could be alone with my thoughts. Vulnerable in the simplest way, yet safely insulated from the outside world. The white noise of the water's pitter-patter on my skin spurred some of my best self-reflections and calming moments.

The first weird thing happened the morning of March 7th. As soon as I had stepped out of the shower and grabbed a towel, I felt an urge to go back in. I'm normally reluctant to end a good shower, but this was almost uncontrollable. In fact, I had almost made it back in when my phone alarm went off, reminding me that I would be late to work if I didn't leave within 10 minutes. That had already happened twice in the past week, so I couldn't afford another. So I left, and didn't think much of it.

The same thing happened the next day: shower, end of shower, powerful urge to re-enter the shower, alarm, self-control. But this time I was more cognizant, and vowed to investigate more later.

So that night, after I had eaten dinner, I took another shower. Nothing abnormal happened during it, but as before, it came as I exited. Taking careful mental notes, I went back in and turned the water on. At first, nothing seemed different, but then I noticed that quite a few conspicuously large drops had hit the glass door. As I watched, they trickled down (some in physics-defying ways) until I could make out a message. Most of it was gibberish to me - equations, formulas, and other nonsense - but I tried to memorize as much of it as I could.

After I was confident that I could remember it all, I exited the shower again (no urge this time) and went to go write down what I had seen. I live alone, so clothes could wait until I knew I had gotten it all. When I did go back to dress, it seemed like the door was now uniform with mist. All the writing had been erased in the span of a few minutes.

For a while, the strange writing stayed on my table, private proof of a private anomaly. But that changed when my friend Rhys came over for dinner a week later. This had been spurred by inexplicable feelings in the shower, not as I had left it. Rhys was some kind of doctor, and we had remained good friends despite our different jobs.

When he caught a glimpse of the notes I had made, he picked it up idly and began to read. He got more and more excited as he got through it, until he straight-up ran out of my apartment before I had even finished cooking. I tried to call him to see what had happened, but he either ignored my calls or replied that he was too busy to talk to me properly. I next saw him the afternoon of March 26; when he arrived on my front door, it was with countless reporters and scientists at his side.

You've probably heard the rest of the story; as it turns out, those scribbles that had been meaningless to me had turned out to be the key to curing cancer. I was lost, but the reporters took my confusion for humility and didn't really grasp what had transpired until Rhys sat me down and explained.

A few weeks later, a similar sequence of events transpired. I knew well enough to obey the urge when it came over me, and writing appeared on the door again. I wrote it down and this time, mailed it to my state's Senators. They ultimately used the seemingly meaningless information to end world hunger.

I was now a celebrity, but deserved or wanted none of it. The populace just assumed I was a shy and eccentric genius, but a genius I was not.

I haven't told anyone that I didn't actually come up with that information. It's been about a month again since my last "breakthrough", and now people of all different occupations are clamoring for my attention. I don't know what will come next, or what powers are behind it. All I know is that it has disrupted my entire life and given me everything that I never wanted. I was happy with my mediocre yet fulfilling and private life.

I used to love showering. But not anymore.

Now I know that every shower is another chance for me to simultaneously receive false praise and overwhelming pressure to top my previous achievement.

I just want some alone time. Is that too much to ask?