10/6/16
Today was incredible, I went on the best date I could ever hope for. We're going to get married soon. To think we met during a photography class is luck at it's finest.

10/23/16
Our caterer backed out on us last minute. I'm not sure how we're going to replace them with less than two months to go. My best man keeps telling me it'll be okay. I know I should believe him, but the stress is getting to be over whelming.

10/28/16
She's scared. Her weakness has always been worrying. We still haven't found a caterer and now her parents are fighting again. They keep saying we have to pick one of them because they can't stand the sight of each other. Her father's new wife isn't helping. 

10/31/16
Our costume choice4 was to dress exactly like we did on our first date. I found the picture we took that day and we both still had the clothes. We figured we'd be the only ones to find it funny, but we loved it anyways.

11/2/16
Spoke to my mom today. She asked me what I wanted as a wedding present. I told her a Polaroid camera, been two years sinc ethat class but I have been wanting one ever since. My mom was never one to take risks, so she asked how much it was and gave me the money to go find one myself. 

11/3/16 
I decided to go to pawn shops to find a camera. My mom gave me 70$ for my "surpise" wedding present. The one downtown usually had cool stuff, so that was my first stop. They had three to choose from, the first two were clunky so I went with the smallest one. Best part is I still had money to go buy lunch with.

11/18/16
Our wedding date is close, we have finally found a caterer to replace our former one. Couldn't have come at a better time. Her father stopped by today with his wife and demanded he be the one invited. We told him we had decided to let him come to the wedding, but not the reception. He didn't like that answer. She cried as her dad stormed out of the house. I decided it was a good time to take her to get her wedding gift.  

11/20/16
Our trip to the local SPCA went better than I could have hoped. She fell in love instantly with this older dog. It seemed so scared, wouldn't even come to the front of the pin. We walked out with him about an hour later, after some paperwork. Once it saw us with a leash, it was if it was a puppy again. She couldn't have been happier. We picked up film on the way home, I didn't want to go out again before the wedding.

11/21/16
Our wedding is tomorrow. We decided to take some pictures of us before and after to see how different we looked. I tested the camera by taking a picture of our new dog. Two photos came out, the first was of a puppy, the second of our dog. It caught us by surprise, but we figured it was a photo from the previous owner. We tested it again on our dog, the same picture came out of a puppy, then our dog. This time, we were too scared to take another picture. 

11/22/16 
Wedding day, I was so excited about the days events I forgot what happened with my new camera. When we got to our honey moon sweet, I immediately pulled out the camera and took a picture of her. This time a picture of her from, what we're guessing, was 10 years ago. Suddenly we both remembered what happened yesterday with our dog. Naturally curious, we decided to test it out on other subjects. We took a shot of the scenery outside our hotel window. Same thing, two pictures. The first was missing the building from next door. Even stranger, there was a faint reflection of someone in the window. It was too bright outside to make out what they looked like. Though I did make out a red smear at the bottom left of the scene. 

"Sam, I don't know about this camera. You might see something you'll regret. " She said, visibly worried. 
"What's the big deal? It's a hotel room, it's not weird that someone was in here before us." I reassured her.
"Sam, please don't take anymore pictures. I'm freaking out. I'm going to get out of this dress and take a shower." 

I heard her turn on the shower and step in. I wanted to take one more picture, just to see. This time of the entire room. Again, two pictures came out. I dropped the camera. "We need to need to get out of here now!" I yelled. 
No one responded. The shower wasn't running anymore. I opened the bathroom door, it was empty. I went to run out of the hotel room, the door was locked somehow from the outside. I banged on it as hard as I could, hoping someone would hear me. 

Two men came into the room, one wrestled me to the ground the other stuck something in my arm. 

"He's not strong enough yet." 
"After so much progress, I thought he finally had a breakthrough. The camera did seem to help. He just wasn't ready." 
"Eventually he'll accept what happened."
"We can hope. For now take the camera away, take him for another round of treatment. "

I awoke barely conscious, I was strapped down. I couldn't move. I struggled, but with no use. Suddenly a sharp sting went through my body. Everything went black.

"Sam, are you coming to bed? I'm tired from the move and you know I have trouble falling asleep when you're not beside me."
"Yea, I'll be right there. I was unpacking one last box and I found my old journal."





