The man pulled his thick, wool-coat tightly around him, as he slowly made his way through the snow laden street. The winter promised to be hard this year, at least for the poor on the outskirts of Pyongyang. The smell of Kimchi and burning wood permeated the air. He pulled his hood up, hoping it would help aid his disguise.

As he walked, he saw a handful of men huddled around a barrel-fire, hands placed too near the snapping flames. He wish'd he could stop; that he could *help* them, but there were others in greater need.

He continued down the street, his footprints quickly eaten by the ravenous snowfall. Soon, he came to a turning. On this next street, houses slowly became shacks, and then shelters, then little more than tin roofs.

"Park Ni!" shouted an elderly woman, huddling by a fire under one of the small shelters. The man smiled and ran over to her. They embraced in a swift hug before he pulled back.

"How are they?" he asked.

"Not good. Yop Yong-Chol's fever dreams continue. He has had little to eat since your last visit. Hyo-Jung is almost..." the lady's head dropped and she didn't finish the sentence.

The man's body deflated. "I am sorry to hear that." He unzipped his coat and took out four large bags of rice that had been tethered to its inners. "I wish I had access to money or I-"

The lady placed a finger on her lips. "Hush, Park Ni. You do so much for us, already. No one has money to spare." She took the rice from him and handed it over to two young men. She gave them brief instructions.

"Would you," she paused, "would you like to see them?"

Park Ni nodded. The woman led him to another street and into a hastily constructed building that Park Ni had come to know as *the hospital*. 

Yong-Chol lay in a small bed with two thin blankets over him. Sweat ran off his forehead and dripped onto a hard pillow. "Hello my friend," Park Ni attempted, but the man did not respond - he rocked back and forth, whispering incomprehensible words. 

"As I say, the fever still has him. Come, I'll take you to Hyo-Jung." The lady took his hand and led him through a maze of patients. Eventually, they came to the young girl.

"Park Ni!" she said, her pale, emaciated face lighting up. She tried to sit up, but the effort was too much for her and she collapsed back down onto the bed.

"How are you," he asked, gently stroking her hair.

"I'm good. I think I'm getting better." 

She began to cough and Park Ni bit his lip. "I have something for you."

"For me?" she asked bewildered. 

He nodded and reached back into his coat. "His name is Ben." 

He handed the soft, golden bear over to the girl. She looked at Park Ni for a moment, before taking the bear and hugging it tightly against her chest. Tears rolled down Park Ni's face. "I cannot stay much longer, but please Hyo-Jung, look after Ben. He needs a good home."

"Of course! I'll protect him from our *great leader*!" she said the last two words in a tone of mockery.

"Do you think he is really that bad?" Park Ni asked.

"He is a blight on this country."

Park Ni flinched. "Perhaps it would be worse without him. They say he's incompetent. Do you know what that means?"

The girl shook her head.

"It means, he can't make war, because he's not smart enough. It means, the missiles he launches always fail. It means the people he tries to hate... he loves." He smiled at the girl. "Perhaps with someone more effective in charge, the bad things he tries to do, would find a way to happen. Perhaps if he keeps doing what he's doing... seeds of good might eventually blossom."

Hyo-Jung frowned.

"I think, Hyo-Jung, America will overthrow him, one day. Or China, perhaps. They must, if they feel he is a danger. But I do not think he *wants* to be a danger."

"And if they do overthrow him... we can start the reu - reui"

"Reunification? Perhaps. I hope so." Park Ni leaned down and kissed the girl's forehead. "I must go now. Do not worry about such matters. Please concentrate on getting better. And look after Ben for me."

"See you again, Park Ni!" 

---

"Did you hear?" asked the lady he'd met at the shelter, as she led him out of the hospital.

"What?"

"They have arrested Kim Yong-jin. The corrupt politician. Although, which of them isn't!" 

Park Ni froze. "Are you sure?"

"Yes," she replied nodding. "They say there is evidence he played a role in the failed nuclear test. Sabotage."

Park Ni said nothing for a moment.

"Are you well, Park Ni?"

"I must go. Take care of them, please. I will come back when I can."

Park Ni rushed down the streets from which he had come, cursing Yong-jin for getting caught. He couldn't afford to lose one of the few people aiding him - but if there was *evidence!* He might have to execute his old friend, but he hoped to God it wouldn't come to that.

The rising sun began to cut through the snowy-darkness, as Park Ni reached the palace. 

---

For more of my stories, visit /r/nickofnight










           