First time trying this, be nice. .-. 



I’d would have never  thought I’d be happy to see the Legion march into our classroom, they went collage by collage to round us up, something was going on, it was mid July but a chill ran through me, every single hair on my body stood up. I knew they  weren’t here for me, they had a  monk with them, freaky looking people with the black robes and the mark with the long, curved beak. The monk preached for hours, they had us out in the courtyard, it didn’t  feel like a normal session of brainwashing, he was beating around the bush, being very vague, witch is strange. I couldn’t taste lies but I could feel something, fear in his voice, in  his eyes. It made me  think, it made me notice, these weren’t your run of the  mill legionnaires, then my blood went ice cold and every single muscle  in my body went stiff, the armed man standing right in front of me, looking me dead in the eyes, he had some sort of command position, thus he didn’t wear that mask, on his neck, I could see it clearly now, he had the tattoo only a select few wore, crusaders. When I was very young  the second crusade  ended, yet again the Catholic church crushed the revolutionaries, these men faced real monsters on the battlefield, people with  terrifying gifts not useless shit like mine. Every second felt like hours, the air felt thicker, I was breathing slowly, heavily, loudly, he could see it, he knew I was scared, he knew I was hiding something. Their “test” didn’t register me as gifted, I wasn’t barely a thread level F, I didn’t even make it on the charts.
The moment my back hit the bed in my dorm I sighed louder then I ever did, but  he was  still  in  the back of my mind, his stone cold look, the way he looked right through me, I didn’t sleep a second, I  just curled up in bed, my fact snug between the cold wall and my pillow. Morning came, I tried to get up but I was so tired, five more minutes I said as I turned on my back, it felt so comfortable laying like that I passed out on  the spot.
I didn’t have  many friends, my situation put off a lot of people, beside Eve, like me she didn’t have a lot of friends, not because she was kind’of a freak like me, her dad was a higher up in the church, the only reasons she was here was that her father insisted she “experiences” collage just  like he did.

I woke up to Eve’s voice and hand patting me on  the shoulder.”Dude wake up…. You missed history class, I was worried I thought…”Her voice stopped when she saw my face  go from confused sleepy to full on panic, I couldn’t miss a single class, I could lose my free ride, now I would have to literally sell  my soul to  the history teacher and slave for  him. Then she hit me like a truck, she knocked  all the air out of my lungs.”It’s  ok man, it’s  just one class, relax. After  all, you’re only human.” My mouth got hit with a  sudden taste of puked  up rotten eggs served back up to me.  There was no possible way for her to know what my gift was, I purposely gave  myself a diet that would  fuck my stomach up to explain the motions  of bad taste in my mouth, there was only way she could have known, if she could read minds, but that mean she was reading my mind at that very moment.
I crawled instantly into the corner of my bed, I couldn’t control my breathing, my mind was all over the place with thought, it was hurting her, her  hand went to her head as  she frowned, she was in my head, she couldn’t be in my head, she couldn’t see it, she couldn’t see what I was hiding, what was happening to me, what was happening to my gift, the crusades, the constant hunting it  was pushing us, it was pushing us,  mother nature wasn’t happy, we were evolving too fast, our minds and bodies couldn’t keep up. 
“YOU HAVE TO   GO! YOU HAVE TO GO!”
I  screamed at her, for a moment she didn’t listen to my words, she was looking, looking into my mind and then  she saw it and  fell instantly, a strand of her brown hair slowly turned white right before my very eyes.
“It’s coming…run.” 
