Her hair glistened gold under the streetlight, silvered slightly by the  moonlight. She stood alone with her hands in the pockets of an impossibly long trench coat. It was the color of the sky just after a storm. I was on my way to the bus stop after a long and draining night at the office. The only reason that I took notice of her in the din of everyday life is that the people passing by seemed to part around her like she were a rock in a rushing river. I continued walking in my set trajectory and found myself face to face with this beautiful stranger. Her skin was soft brown and her eyes were deep green. She had a round face and a wide nose. In a strange way, she was the most beautiful woman that I had ever seen. It may be that her features reminded me of my recently deceased mother, her uniqueness, or just how bright she was in my otherwise dreary world. 

"Hello. Nice night, isn't it?" I kindly asked.

"It is. Business is always good during full moons. People get slightly more careless when the night doesn't seem so dark."

I thought this was a bit odd and combed my brain for a fitting profession.

"Oh, are you a nurse?"

She looked at me, her eyes locking with mine, sending shivers down my spine. I realized that I now had goosebumps and the hair was raised on the back of my neck.

"In a way, I am." 

"I end the pain, I am the peace after the storm."

"The peace eh?" Barely escaped my lips.

She grasped my hand and a euphoria washed over me. We walked up, though there were no stairs, into a now golden and impossibly brilliant star spackled sky. I looked back, only for a moment, and saw myself lying on the sidewalk next to the streetlight. A passerby had stopped when they had seen me fall.

"Does it have to end here?" I asked as my brain finally put together what was happening.

"Darling, where one life ends another is sure to begin."

And I walked with her. Up and up until we were completely engulfed in warmth and golden light.

She was right, I no longer felt the pain in my knee that had plagued me for the last 30 years. I no longer felt the empty holes my son's death and the loss of my parents had left. The air smelled of a new rain and the golden light slowly warmed my impossibly cold skin.

At last I was free.