I remember the glaring lights on my face, replacing the millions of faces who could see mine. I was nervous, naturally. This might well end up being the most important interview in the history of mankind. The jury is still out on that. I didn’t really have time to be nervous, though.

Next to me, my subject seemed- not just calm, but down right placid. Knowing what this man had done, had proven himself capable of, I suppose I shouldn’t have been surprised. What was a world-wide exclusive interview next to saving the world?

My director’s hand went up signalling the countdown to live. The countdown helped me focus, and I centered my eyes on the red light, just able to read the words below. He reached 2 and 1 in silence, then let me loose.

“Good evening, world. For those of you just joining us for the first time since Zero Hour, My name is Darien Cole. Tonight’s lead story is the much-anticipated interview with Graham Buckner, the face behind what’s being called the greatest prank of all time. He is live in the studio with me.

“Before we begin, however: a few updates. We have received word that our repeating centers in Johannesburg, Pyongyang, Sydney, and Buenos Aires are green across the board. I’d like to say welcome to our friends and viewers in Argentina, Australia, North Korea, and South Africa.

“Carbon emissions are falling around the globe. Lead scientists agree that we will fall within acceptable limits within the decade, just two years shy of the deadline.

“Reconstruction efforts are in full swing worldwide, with teams being sent into the most remote regions imaginable, seeking out survivalists and doomsday preppers, hoping to bring them into the fold.

“A team of researchers from California broke the news today that bees are recovering in all surveyed sectors- signs of colony collapse are receding, and more and more hives are being reintroduced across temperate zones. This is also great news for bats, how have struggled in recent years. The team says that with increased pollination, there will be a surge in insect populations that will be a great boon to bats, who provide a potent control on the insects. 

“For the first time, mosquitoes will not be part of that surge- efforts to extinguish the parasitic insects by rendering them impotent are having a more drastic effect than anticipated. Ecologists expect little to no impact to anyone.” I gave them a confident smile. “Anyone, anywhere, ever. Good news indeed.

“We will have more details on these and other stories after the lead. Now I would like to say first of all, welcome to Mr. Buckner.” I gestured to my left, and the lights rose on Graham’s rather unimposing figure. Seeing him on the street, one might think he was a professor of something obscure and esoteric, like philosophy. He had a thick head of graying hair, a full beard, and half-rim glasses covering gray-green eyes. He wore a plain shirt under a corduroy jacket, complete with leather patched on the elbows, and his hand were clasped comfortably across a comfortable belly. It was a perfectly crafted affect, as were all his dealings with other people. His voice was even, as calm as his exterior. It was low and warm- a well-loved college professor.

“Please, Darien, call me Graham. It is an honor to be here.”

“And it is an honor to have you, Graham. It must have taken some juggling to free up your schedule to meet with us.”

“Not really. To be honest, I’m not up to a great deal anymore. I have often found that when you find the right people and give them the right tools, the right thing will be done. People, in truth, need very little management to do the right thing. It comes very naturally to us.”

“Then what are you doing these, days, if I may ask?”

“Consulting, largely. That’s what pays my bills, so to speak. I write a great deal. Some philosophy, but I wonder if the world hasn’t had quite enough of that. I like fiction. Those are the really fun stories to tell.”

“Any idea when your writings will be published?”

“Truthfully, no. I haven’t bothered to find an agent. Though I do find myself in the enviable position of being certain that when I am ready, the market will be there.”

“A writer’s dream, I suppose?”

“Absolutely.”

“To the subject at hand- my first question for you. What was it like for you as we approached Zero Hour? Those last minutes before revealing not just your face, but what you’d done- what were those like for you?”

“Nerve-wracking, in a word. I was violently ill the morning of, in fact. Couldn’t keep anything down.”

“That seems unlike you, if I’m being honest.”

“I have years of practice speaking in front of groups of different sizes, some friendly and many hostile. My ability to handle an audience is a very crafty coverup of my personal anxiety. Even now, in the interest of fairness, there is some trepidation over my words being broadcast globally.”

“Yet you are here.”

“Anxiety is an expression of fear in the mind. It is a signal- nothing more- that there are high stakes before you. That you have skin in the game; something to lose. Beyond that, if the reward outweighs the risk, fear is just noise. Whatever emotions I may have about this, it is necessary. So yes, I am here.”

“What else can you tell us about that countdown?”

“There was a lot of self-doubt. A lot of wondering if I was doing the right thing. How it would be perceived by the world at large. But at that point, it was too late to stop- the ships had already departed. And then I remembered something, something that had inspired and driven me from the inception of my idea.”

“Which was?”

“That the very problem I was trying to solve was in fact the source of my anxiety, and the voices that would be most likely to cry foul had been silenced. Also- and this is key- that I have far more in common with my neighbors than I have been led to believe. In that moment, I simply had faith. My stomach calmed, and I was able to address the world as I had planned.”

“It seems odd that a man who has acted so decisively against religion would talk about faith.”

“Faith gets a bad rap, in my opinion. The act of having faith is simply trusting in your beliefs. There is no particular association with what one believes in other than long-standing tradition. The act of driving down the road requires a certain faith that your fellow drivers will obey the same rules you do, otherwise fear would paralyze us all. Faith, in the absence of knowledge, is the antidote to fear. I couldn’t know how I would be received, but I had faith. That allowed me to continue.”

“What, then, was the start of all this? Where did the idea come from? The whole...illusion, if you will.”

“Oddly enough, a Reddit post. There was a writing prompt that I have long since forgotten, but it did remind me of a quote by Diderot: ‘And his hands would plait the priest’s entrails for want of a rope to strangle kings.’ It means simply that mankind could never be free while there are men who seek to dominate them.”

“That’s a gory image.”

“France, around the time of the Revolution, was an exceptionally bloody place. We all saw, historically, what happened to Robespierre, however sympathetic to his original cause we may be.”

“So you sought another way?”

“I did. I can’t deny the thought of violence was never far from my mind. I remembered, though that we had been given a gift in the disastrous regime of 45 and other right-wing populists across the world.”

“A gift?”

“From a certain perspective. I will not deny that those years were heartbreaking and tragic on a daily basis, nor to undermine anyone’s right to trauma in those days. But in that fear, these men had taught us how to defeat them.”

“How is that?”

“Fear.” There came a moment of dead air, as if that answer was self-evident.

(Part 2 in child comment)