“So, we hired a fucking vampire? You know how dangerous those things are?” I asked Charlie, our group leader. We’ve been looking hard for a guide to some of the caves that had recently been discovered underneath Scandinavia. Sonar and drones had put it at the deepest cave system known to man. We were going to be the first to set foot there in all of recorded history, but only if we found a reliable guide. A reverse Sherpa, I guess. 
	
“I know, I know. They’re dangerous, yes. They’re a bit quick, yes. I think, though, as long as we keep our shit together and keep a good distance, we’ll be fine.” Charlie replied
	
“Let me ask you something.”
	
“Ask away.”
	
“Do you really just want to kill us? Are you a psychopath?”
	
Charlie smiled, radiant in his confidence, infecting all of us with it. Yeah, sure enough, we’d follow him even though we knew the idea was questionable at best. 
	
“Okay,” I said, “Let’s meet the thing. Is it here yet?”
	
“Yeah, he’s here. Be good. For your sake.”
	
A couple hours and several drinks later, I was ready to meet this thing. 
	
Our conference room overlooked the skyline of Malmo, Sweden. The sun hung low in the sky, painting the horizon with gold and pink and red. Wide impressionist brushstrokes of clouds balanced the scene, floating on the horizon, sweeping the dark across the land. The doors slid open, and in walked our guide.
	
I expected, as well as several others, something vastly different. But here he stood. Scars crisscrossed his face and neck. We assumed the rest of him was something similar, but he was heavily clothed. Our guide stared at us through heavily tinted goggles. Regardless of his haggard and, honestly frightening appearance, he exuded an air, an aura, of regality. Tall, slender, handsome under his calluses perhaps.
	
Charlie was the first to break the silence between us all.
	
“Stop molesting the poor man with your eyes. Guys, this is our new guide, Mordred.” Charlie said
	
“I know it’s kind of a weird name,” Mordred said. His Appalachian accent seemed to put everybody at some kid of ease. Don’t ask me, but I was afraid he was not going to speak English at all. “My parents were a bit…eccentric, I guess. But yeah, I’m ya’lls new guide. It’s nice to be met.”
	
“Are you going to eat us?” somebody asked him. 
	
“Why in tarnation would I do that? First off, I wouldn’t get paid if I killed and drained all y’all,” he replied, seemingly in good spirits. He flashed a brief smile, warm and soft, that ever so slightly revealed the tips of his fangs. The smile quickly faded, and he lowered his head like a self-conscious teen. “Plus. I’m vegan. I wouldn’t hurt nobody.” 
	
We were all expert climbers. Even the worst of us could have easily been a climbing champion in some countries. Needless to say, we had all been accustomed to taking orders from guides. Mordred was on another level, though. If you’ve ever heard that vampires have these freaky abilities; that they can phase through certain objects, or that they can sometimes alter their shape, let me tell you something. You heard right. Several times during our descent, he saved our lives with tricks like those. 
	
We had been on the path for months, seeing things that were almost incomprehensible. Mordred kept about an hour ahead of us at all times, marking the way and sometimes things he thought we’d find interesting. Once he marked a pool of bubbling water, boiling from a geothermal vent, that was growing a type of red moss, and had several small fish swimming in it. Thriving in the impossible. 
	
We rarely saw him, but sometimes when we would set up camp for the night, he would come join us. We didn’t know what we ate, and personally I didn’t want to, but he never showed any sign of being hungry, and certainly no intention to eat us in our sleep. He was welcome with us. 
	
One night I saw him without those blackened goggles he always wore. His eyes, where mine are blue, and Charlies are brown, were sterling silver. He quickly put them back on when he noticed I had saw. 
	
“Sorry,” he said. “I didn’t want to scare nobody with ‘em.”
	
We’d wake up, and he’d be gone. Off on the path, marking it for us. 
	
We’re getting close to the end, and I need to finish this. Mordred said he’d take this back to the surface for me. 
	
Anyway, I don’t know the date, or the time of day when it happened, but eventually we caught up to him. Mordred had taken off the heavy jacket he had worn, and stood standing on the edge of an abyss. His muscles rippled underneath the skin of his back, accentuating what we had already suspected was there: a collage of scars. A portrait of pain, worn on his skin. 
	
“Glow tube,” he demanded. 
	
We handed him one. He twisted it, snapping. A green glow illuminated his scarred and obviously worried face. He threw the stick over the edge of the chasm. We stood, watching it fall, until it was far out of sight. I wasn’t sure if it had hit the bottom, or even if there was one. 
	
“What’re we waiting for, Mordred? Let’s get a move on. Find us a way around this pit, will ya?” Charlie asked, more an order than any question. 
	
“Jag ber om entré. Ska du bjuda in mig?” Mordred asked. Looking back on it now, we all should have picked up at least a little bit of it. We had been in Malmo for about a month preparing. We should have picked some of it up and ran, we should have. See, our guide was asking for admission. An invitation.
	
Mordred looked back up at us, at me, and said: “I’m sorry. It was nice while it lasted, right?”
	
I remember, from the bottom of the endless chasm, a light. It grew larger, and we all stood in stunned silence and horror as a column of crimson flame made its way up to us. 
	
When it reached the edge of the pit, sending forth a miasma of sulfur, the flame metamorphosed into a face, then from it’s mouth grew a body. Arms ejected from the fiery torso. So did the creature’s legs. Before any of us, stunned in our horror, could do anything, the thing reached out.
	
I remember it grabbing Charlie with it’s hand. His skin boiled when it was touched, and his eyes rolled from their sockets, uncomprehending terror stuck on his face. He tried to scream, but only could make a silent “O” with his mouth, as the creature dragged him down into the depths. 
	
I don’t know how long it’s been. Maybe days, maybe weeks. Mordred keeps us alive, feeding us the flesh of whatever beasts grow down here, and keeps us contained with the threat of an even less pleasant death. He talks to us, mainly in apologies, and calms us with some other trick of his. Makes us feel content. Some of us write letters from paper that we’ve scavenged from bits of manuals in our packs. That’s what I’m writing on now. 
	
The thing comes back every so often to take one of us. It feeds. We can’t run or Mordred will, regardless of his polite demeanor, kill us without much thought. Or so I’ve gathered. 
	
Listen, he said he’d take this back to the surface. The smell of sulfur marks the creature’s return. There aren’t many of us left. I assume it’s going to be me this time. So, if you’re reading this, take heed, okay? There are things we don’t understand. Hell is real. 
	
Stay away. 

Edit: Formatting. 
Thanks for reading. Critique and Criticism are more than welcome! Have a good one, Y'all 
