The dragonflies whirred through the long grass that stuck out of the pond. Two of them flew around where my bobber floated in the water, then buzzed off somewhere I couldn’t see. 
	My name is Moses, I like being called Moe. Currently, I was trying to fish out my dinner, but they just weren’t biting today. I hoped my father managed to wrangle up something on his hunt with my mom, whom insisted on joining him and that I tended camp. I was named after my great great great grandfather, who lived before the Name Wars. His was an uncommon name, but my parents liked it and named me after him. He was a survivalist, knowing a broad range of techniques for surviving in the wild, so I never had much of a problem. I was good with a bow, could cook almost anything, proficient at tracking and a myriad of other skills. Sometimes I wonder if that was the true reason my parents named me that. 
	I reeled in my line, “Nuts to this,” tossing my rod to the side with my bag, I grabbed my knife out of it. I stripped off my clothes and walked into the pond. It was cold. I could faintly see a school of fish swimming and I tread slowly towards them. “HA!” I shouted, plunging my knife into the pond, sticking two of them. I smiled. 

Back at camp, I deboned and descaled them fish and chopped it up. I fashioned a medium sized fire and cooked the chunks on a pan over it. I always fell into thought, looking at the fire crackle under the food. 

We came from the Boblands. My father, Bob, lived there since birth. Bob, the original Bob, was an almost mythical figure. He was, what they’d call “A jack of all trades.” Once the name game started, and people in turn could name there children after a specific person and that child would gain their attributes-well, Bob was the man everyone wanted to be. Why be anyone else, when you could be Bob?
	Well, there were other people, it turns out, who wanted to be like similar “great” figures. Some named after Dave, the smartest man to live. Some after Harold, one of the great athletes. Women had their names as well, Rebecca was one of the great minds of her time, along with Beatrice, whom also succeeded in science and engineering. There was Cynthia, whom was their “Jack of all trades” equivalent of Bob. My mother’s name, coincidentally. Most Bob’s tended to marry Cynthia’s, only diverging on rare occasions. Turns out my parents didn’t want me to be just another Bob, and they didn’t want to live under the Great Bobs, so they got off the grid, and took me along with them.
	I never understood the numbers game, how or why it happened, but I never questioned it. It was just how the world worked, and I had to accept being born into it. As a name that nobody has. My parents say it makes me unique. I think It makes me the loneliest man in the world.
	“Something smells good,” I heard an unfamiliar voice say. It wasn’t my mother or my father. I turned around and saw a man brandishing a machete. “Hey kid.” We looked at eachother, frozen in time. I had my knife on me, but it was a farcry from a machete.
	“What’s your name?” I asked with venom, “And what are you doing here?” He scoffed and grinned at me.
	“What’s YOUR name? Not that it matters. I’m gonna take what I want here.” He replied.
	“Dave,” I lied. I was always supposed to tell people I was a Dave. No names were worth quite a lot if captured by certain factions. The scoundrel cocked a brow.
	“Pretty far from home, aren’t we Dave? You’re in the Bobland outskirts.” He walked a few steps closer. “Kind of young to be out here all on your own.” I gripped my knife. 
	“I’m not alone, actually. There are eyes on you now.” He stopped and looked around. He looked behind him and whistled. There were more of them now, walking through the brush. I tensed. There was a gun in the tent. I could grab it and kill all three easily. It was hidden in a hole under a mat, underneath my sleeping bag. I was always cautious. 
	“Drop the knife kid, we got you surrounded.” The other two started walking closer. “Throw it over here.” 
	“Okay,” I said, gripping the tip of the knife. With a quick flick of my wrist, I sent it hurtling towards the leaders face, and impaled him in the eye. While the two goons behind him stared in shock, I made a break for my tent. I heard them running after me as I threw up my sleeping bag and retrieved my gun. It was a rifle, and loaded, luckily. When I felt the first man trying to get into the tent, I pointed my gun at the entrance and fired at his silloute. Thump. One down. I heard the other one screech and run. I walked out of the tent with blood on my mind. If this one escaped, he’d just come back with more. I aimed carefully and shot his leg. He screamed.
	“Agh! SHIT!” He cried, gripping at his leg. I walked over to him, and knocked him out with the butt of my gun. I’d let my parents interrogate him when they got back from their hunt.
	After looting their corpses, and checking the living guy’s wallet, I found some identification. 
	“No Name Removal CO.” 

These men were hunting me. 
