Let me tell you the story of how a civilization was brought down by hubris, pomp, and overconfidence.

Ours.

Long before the M'kerza... uh, sorry, the Milky Way galaxy became humanity's playground, we were already there. We were the apex race. Or so we thought.

We were so certain of our prowess we disregarded the Council's warning of NEVER coming nearer than 5 ciqua... uh... that's... about 3 parsecs? I think... anyways, we must stay more than 3 parsecs away from the Oort Cloud of the She'mua... Sol system.

We thought it was just irrational fear of a lesser species. Hyper-violent, yes, but still a lesser species.

We did do additional preparations. We brought nearly all our expeditionary force to bear down on Earth. Or She'mua Three, in our old naming system.

We were humbled.

Our people, the Osithu, may have been the galaxy's greatest conqueror. Had been.

But we haven't sharpened our battle abilities for centuries fighting against ourselves. We never created horrible weapons designed to not kill, but maim and incapacitate in horrific ways to break the morale of the opposing forces.

And we never think that Weapons of Mass Destruction are good idea.

Humanity never thought twice, though. They launched horrible weapons, weapons that can glass over their own planet three times over, against our concentrated spacefleet formation. And any transporter that made it planet side, quickly got halved by spring-ejected landmines, punctured through by hollow-point bullets, or burnt by napalm bombs.

The horror was too much; the landing squads mutinied, rebelled against their superiors who in their eyes were "safe" in space, overseeing all the military movements. They surrendered in droves. Nearly all of them got afflicted with some sort of PTSD, I was told.

But none were safe. In retaliation, the humans launched their HUGE spaceships, riding out upon demonic pillars of fire, hell bent to capture or leaders and force our submission...

That day was the beginning of the end of the Oa'sithu Empire.

They captured our forces. Some of our flagships. Reverse engineered them, and finally broke free of their own "jail". They traced back our starmaps to our regional capital planets, and one by one pounded each of them to submission. Then they discovered our home planet. Soon, we capitulated fully to the might of humanity.

Why do I tell you this story? Well, I don't know... Maybe to warn you about underestimating humans, as other species were wont to do before they, too, got subjugated? Maybe to tell you about how scary the Human Alliance can be when they're pissed off?

Or maybe because I still feel guilty of unleashing the Great Beast into an unsuspecting galaxy...

For I am Galsihe Tran'ei, the last emperor of the fallen Osithu Empire.