It was a sunny day in the city and the young boy was riding his bike on the sidewalk, being inconsiderate to the other pedestrians, as most boys are at that age. Twice someone had to jump out of his way. On both occasions, they shouted profanities at the boy, which he pretended not to hear.

He wasn't in a hurry to get somewhere, he just felt like riding his bike, daring people to confront him.
He took a sharp corner. An old foreign lady was in his way and he had to swerve slightly to the left to prevent himself hitting her head on. Despite his manoeuvre he still rode over her foot.  She shouted in anguish from the pain but the boy just laughed as he kept going.

The old lady crumpled down, holding her foot with her long, crooked fingers. She bit down on her teeth to fight the pain as she stared daggers at the boy riding away. She paused and looked around her at the pavement for something. She found an old discarded bottle cap. Her fingers curled around the piece of discarded metal and folded her hands around it, bringing it to her mouth. She murmured softly under her breath and exhaled into her hands. She looked back at the boy, just in time to see him skid over something beneath his bicycle tires. The boy lost control of his bike and fell to the ground. The momentum from the speed he was going caused him to roll several times on the hard pavement before coming to a stop. By the time the boy got up and glanced around the woman was gone.

Later that evening the old woman sat her little kitchen as her stunningly beautiful daughter brought her a bowl of soup.


“How was your day mamma?” The younger woman asked in Romanian.

“Same as yesterday. Everything aches. My time will be soon. I feel it.” Came the reply.

“Don’t say such things!” The daughter cried.

“It’s the truth my child. No one can escape fate, and this is the fate I chose, the same fate that awaits you one day.”

“You have had a very long life mamma. I can’t bear to have the same lifespan without you.”

“You will find a way. You will find ways to amuse yourself”

“Like you amuse yourself?”

“Why not? Why have power over fate if you don’t use it.”

“Ai Mamma”

“I almost forgot to tell you. I found another one today.”

“Mamma! It’s cruel. Why do you do it to them? I don’t think I will do the same when you are gone”

“My daughter, they do it to themselves, and in a few hundred years your views will change, and you will do the same to pass the time.”

“Who is it?”

“A young boy. Slightly taller than that short French guy, but not quite as charming as the german politician with that funny mustache from last time”

“And the trinket you gave him?

“I sealed his fate with a coin.” The old woman took a slurp of soup, smiling to herself.

In a different house that same evening the boy stood in his bedroom, overcome with disbelief. He stared at the coin that had made him skid and fall earlier. He held it tenderly in his hands. A thousand questions stung his mind relentlessly, fighting for his attention. The most prominent one was “How?”

The coin was shiny, and without a single blemish even after causing his little accident. More concerning was the face on the coin. It was his face and the date on the coin was well into the future.

His thoughts were interrupted by a soft knock on his door as his mother opened it. The mother looked at her sons face, and then down at the old rusted bottlecap, he held in his hands.

“Donald, it’s time for dinner.” She said, once again realizing that raising boys can be confusing at times.

The boy did not respond. His mother sighed and turned around to leave the room.

He had been alone for almost a minute before he replied: “I’m coming.” He slid the coin into his pocket and started walking downstairs.
