Blurry contours shifted in and out of moonlight's soft caress, odd shadows dancing across my tiny bedroom. The only sound that accompanied the deafening, painstaking silence were the tiny wisps of breath leaving my chapped lips. 

I sat up straight in that tiny, cramped bed, wiping my eyes constantly as I blinked again and again, my heart pumping acid into my veins. 

Get to safety. 

They glared at me, the words almost shouting at me in angry pulses as they sporadically sprung into and out of my vision stuck in the corner of the room. I wasn't used to that. I wasn't used to knowing what to do but not knowing why I was doing it. At least, not with these stakes. 

I had always been a bit of a dreamer. Never really a huge fan of organisation or planning. But, maybe it wasn't me but this ability of mine that made me this way. Guidelines that always told me where to go and what to do, making decisions I always found difficult to make. Nobody knew but, I just went with whatever I was told or rather shown to do. It worked so I worked with it. 

This time, it was still helpful. But it didn't have the familiar reassurance it always had, it didn't instigate any resolve within me. All it inspired was a primal fear.

 Beads of sweat sprouted on my forehead as I stumbled out of bed, wearing a weathered old jacket before getting out. I wanted to rationalise the situation: maybe it was just another thunderstorm warning or some other kind of arbitrary event I wouldn't have to worry about. 

But deep down, in the pits of my stomach, I could feel the flames of worry ignite and swirl around, catalysing cataclysmic waves of indecisiveness and anxiety. This was different. I knew it was. 


I picked up my phone, shoving it into my pocket before sliding out into the hall. I could hear the pitter patter of the rain a little clearer here. It wasn't anything serious but something to keep in mind regardless. 

Nimble fingers ran across the chilly surface of the keys before I opened the front door, its rusty hinges screeching in protest as I did so. 

I turned my back against my apartment, the ominous sounds of splintering wood slamming against the frame waking me up entirely from what semblances of sleep I still had. The little message phasing in and out of existence wasn't going away anywhere. 

"You're different... Aren't you?" 

A raspy whisper spoken by a hoarse voice shattered the peace I had, tugging my heart as it sank before gagging my breaths. I swivelled towards the source, facing forward with the greatest reluctance. He was shrouded in darkness, yet I could make out his figure. A tall, lanky man staring right back at me. 

He walked slowly, casually; like the way a hunter would stalk his prey. I tried taking a few steps to either side of me but, my legs felt like jelly. I was rooted to the ground. 

"Yeah, we can tell. That's why I'm here. Here to fetc--"

"AAAAAAAARGHHHH!"

I heard my own breaking voice resound weakly in the hallways as I ran right at my assaulter trying to subdue him in whichever way I could. It was such a reckless, quite honestly stupid, decision yet I found myself taking it. 

I had become so use to having my decisions predetermined, I didn't know how to handle this. 

Just as I slammed into the man, I felt a stifling warmth blossom through my ribs. It felt ticklish and numbing and soon, my vision faded. The man sighed harshly before holding me from falling.

"Another indecisive idiot." 


When I woke up, it was to a bright, caustic light that hurt my eyes in a whitewashed room, lying across a flat bed. In my drowsy stupor, I picked myself up shuffling towards the metal door leading to the room. Pulling and pushing didn't make it budge or concede in any way.

'Wait...'

"Where's my objective?"

The sound of my own voice didn't numb the frantic mania I was undergoing. Never once had I chosen to entertain the notion of living my life without rules, without directions. Yet here I was, not having any. It didn't feel liberating.

 It felt scary.

My hands shook and struggled against the door, gritted teeth hiding seething remarks. My eyes darted and flitted across the room like a crazed animal, looking for some sort of relief. 

"WHAT DID YOU DO TO ME?!"

I wasn't expecting an answer but I received one. A disembodied voice rattled out a response,

"You don't have any objectives anymore. Now, you are free to live your own life. Well, after you are rehabilitated to do so."

It sounded robotic, tinny and paper thin; without emotion or empathy, like a spectre whispering to me. I leapt back looking for its source before settling in the tiny speaker embedded into the wall. It was the voice of the man who had just 'saved' me. 

"What the hell is that supposed to mean?"  

I growled, spitting out the words. 

"Your Cognitive Structural Device has been removed. After many years of assessing the behaviour of many different participants, categorising its effects on motor, cognitive and biological responses we have deemed this device unsuitable for public consumption. The effects it has had on your decision making and independence are substantial and likely cannot be reversed. We thank you for your service and your patronage and apologize for any and all losses incurred. Though, we do suppose you signed up knowing these clauses."

"You.... What...?"

I couldn't find the words to express myself. I felt numb. 

"That's... You can't possibly.... No.... No.... I never...."

Dropping to my knees, I pleaded for the voice to come back, to answer my questions. But it didn't. 

All I could do was wait. Wait until morning. 

Wait for the dawn from which I had to live my own life. 

And that.... 

That scared me.


((this has to be the first prompt I've written on here so please forgive me ^^; thank you all so much for reading though! I'd love to hear any thoughts you have! 

