I jump out of bed faster than I have in my entire life, the Pointman hands me a Sauer 9mm and a AR500 vest. I stumble as I put the vest on, 3 officers proceed to board up the windows and the negative space which my door previously resided.

I see the chaos and emergency services sprawled along my neighborhood, 4 helicopters fly in formation in the darkness of the night, the white cones of light sweep across the terrain as they search for something.

I noticed the vest bore the comforting, yet sinister block capitals of SWAT. Which gave me a weird sensation of complacency but a strong respect for the unknown horror which is about to cast down upon this neighborhood.

I relay with an officer that appears to be waiting for me.

"What's happening, sir?" I frantically spluttered.

"I... I honestly don't know, sir. Only the Lord himself could protect us" the Officer projected a unnerving facial expression, only best described as abject horror.

At this moment, the distant crackle of gunfire carries in the wind. All eyes cast to the treeline on the opposite side of the street, illuminated by the soft glow of headlights. As fast as it arrives, the gunfire ceases. Intense silence, the absence of sound. The silence was impossible.

The trees begin to resonate with subsonic vibrations, enough to rattle through your body. It was nauseating to endure, people began to vomit blood and bile. Some people couldn't take it and decided to turn their guns on themselves and others. A wave of suicide and genocide fills the street, I watch in horror as the world simply crumbled infront of me.

It was so quick, a mass grave outside my front lawn. I take a few steps back, face equipped with a expression not rarely seen. I watched the apocalypse. I run downstairs to find the SWAT team lifeless on the floor, self inflicted bullet wounds.

I reach for the Sauer, they gave me. The only thing what was suitable at that time was to follow suit. I raise the handgun up into my mouth and slowly begin to pull the trigger back. My eyes begin to swell up with tears as I recollect the apocalypse that had unfolded in my house and surrounding areas. Familiar faces begin to flash in my head as I pull the trigger deeper.

I hear the pin strike the round....









