No matter what, there are some things you can't lose. The official line is that the brain has these memories so deeply that they can't be wiped, but I have my own ideas. When the nights are long and I question why I'm studying magic instead of out there learning a useful trade like woodworking or farming, it gives me something to consider. I've always supposed that... maybe it's the spirits' idea of a sick joke. A punchline to the trades we make in exchange for power - you can't kill yourself with magic, because if you did that then how would you know how much you'd lost? 

So you'll always keep the bare essentials necessary for life. Holding your breath, walking, talking, shitting. It'll all still be there, even if sometimes it takes a little while for things like sitting up and not drooling to come back. Some complex functions that we know are learnt just... remain. If you'd die without it, then you'll keep it. Curious, really. 

The heart doesn't need memories to function, either. Mages learn that early on in theory classes; lots of biological processes don't need memories. The heart can beat even when removed from the chest, and the lungs will breath even when disconnected from the air. Skin sweats, blood flows, irises constrict. Some things can't be removed, because they're "known in your bones". 

And still others transcend the realm of memory, surpass that murky mire we call consciousness and flow through rivers of intangible supernature. If there is the basal, the carnal, the primitive and the reptilian, then there must necessarily be the ethereal, the unknowable, the immortal and the superhuman. If it is possible to know in your bones, is it possible to know in your soul? 

I knew the air was cold, for my bones know what it is that is cold. I knew I was myself, for there is inherent to all humans the innate understanding of self, the theory of mind that permeates all conscious beasts cursed with knowing themselves and knowing that they do not know. I knew the dim flicker came from a fire, for it is instinctive to all humans to recognise our first invention, no matter how far we are gone beyond the realms of typical humanity. 

I did not know my breasts were bare. I did not know my hair was unkempt. I did not know my face was wan and thin, pallid as a corpse with the unnatural rigor that the spirits had woven around me as I lay, an inch from death. I did not know  my place of birthing, the ancient cherry tree I'd imagined was a great dragon or a noble castle in the innocence of my youth. Gone from me was my mother's face and my father's tears, as I announced my intentions to join the mages' college, their begging and pleading that I renounce the place that ate young mortals' souls. The long nights of fitful sleep, the deliberate seeking of dangerous and memorable acts, the intentional creation of valuable memories to sell, piecemeal, to the ever-ravenous spirits that ate our souls one bloody strip after the next in exchange for a sizzling drip of power. 

Sitting up, my sight flicked across the walls. Paintings meant nothing, libraries were so much dry pulp. All of it meaningless as blank eyes slid across once-treasured possessions, recognition absent from their forms. Fingers entwining around soft blankets, not remembering my grandmother's kiss, the scent of her pipe smoke, the sensation of her hands across my head, kind words spoken in hushed tones. It was just a covering now. Empty. Cold. 

Hands reaching out for the door, closing firmly upon the wrought handle. Unaware that it took six months to convince the blacksmith to sell them to a "Cursed One" from "that evil place". Unaware that it was only by giving him a potion to cure his infertility that they had been acquired. Unaware he had named his first daughter after the witch who's clever crafts had given him his family. 

Pushing in the door, seeing the kitchen before me, dust layered across the shelves but swept clean from off the floor. Hearing the clattering of occupation from behind the oak partition, unsure of its origin, unsure of anything beyond the immediate. A babe in the woods, naive to all but that which is before it. 

Rounding the corner.

Seeing the unknown figure, crouched, searching through a bag.

Unsure of what to say. Unsure of where I am. Unsure of what to do.

Unsure.

And then she turns. And I see her face. Her eyes. Her lips. Her smile. 

I remember the freckles I always kissed because they reminded me of Orion's belt. I remember the laugh that spilt like golden sunshine when I told her jokes. I remember her sitting by my side, asking what _"hostiae sanguinem"_ means, and her gasps of horror as I explained the forbidden secrets of the artes magicis. 

I remember the knife. The blood. The light in her eyes, fading to black. I remember the flames, striking him down and draining his life from his mortal corpse. I remember the spirits. Their pact. Their laughter. I remember the cost. I remember paying it.

"Olivia..."

There are some things you cannot forget, because to forget them would be to die.