It's a mad world

Nowadays you are asked to take your clothes off in a job interview for god's sake, even in court in some countries, I mean come on sometimes you actually need to lie goddamnit sometimes it actually does some real good but it literally scars you for life...

I have my fair number of scars, mostly very light ones , I can take my shirt off when I go to the beach without most of them showing , heck I can have sex with a girl and they won't notice most, the more necessary you felt that the lie was the better hidden the scar is, so most of mine are in addition to very light on ... convenient spots. I have scars on the back of my thighs, I have two behind my ears, I have some on my armpits . I once heard of a guy who had one on his penis , it turns out how you feel about the lie makes a huge difference in what scar it will leave you and where,  just imagine that guy getting undressed in front of a woman , or man whatever he is into anyway. Well at least some girls say scars are sexy, or so I’ve heard.

You do get used to it but still... I once had a pretty long conversation with a war veteran about scars , now that was scarring. He took he shirt off to show me his body he was FULL. I first noticed two bullets scars , didn't think I could recognize them but damn do they look different. The bullet scars though , they were nice compared to the rest , they were in battle defending his country but the rest of his body was more scar tissue than actual skin, there were spots where I couldn't even make out how many scars he had. They formed one big pile of butchered up skin. During our conversation I found out that he actually got all the visible scars he had on his upper body in a single week , he was taken as a prisoner of war and trust me , the only countries that actually give even a single flying fuck about the Geneva convention are the ones that have already won the war. Long story short , pretty much all the scars were from the lies he told trying to lead the enemies away while they were torturing him instead of giving them real information , it's mad how they can torture you into treachery without leaving a scar on your body. It is true though , EVERYONE breaks given enough time.

The war veteran story is my go-to example on why we shouldn't judge people by their scars. There is a whole other story that I just can't get myself to tell. Too goddamn sad , well probably not so when you just hear it as a story but you were not there talking with him you did not see the sorrow and the chaos on his face.

His name was George. In my country he have to serve in the military , mandatory service . The military of course is purely defensive and the service is easier than professional militaries naturally. George was pretty much the nicest guy we all knew , he would never even lie. There had been a few occasions where others were mad at him because he would tell our officers about anything they asked and being the military there were consequences , he really , actually never lied. We also noticed after a couple of months that even though most would get out of bath completely naked since we were only men, he would get in and out always wearing a t-shirt, and whenever he had to change his t-shirt without taking a bath he hid, went to the bathroom or was alone someway. We all wondered but we thought that he just lied without us noticing and wanted to hide his scars , all the others still believe that but I know.

George and I became friends over time. We would go out for a drink , we would even go to the gym or for a run together sometimes. The park where we run was closer to his home so one day when it started raining he told me to come take a shower at his place, he'd lend me some clothes and drive me home. He let me get in to take a shower first. I got in finished my shower and got out, he went in right after me. Seconds after he got in I realized a left my shoes in the bathroom and I sweat a lot so my shoes get smelly so I wanted to get them to the balcony. Being used to it from my service, who we had both finished some months prior to that day, where we didn't really care if someone saw us naked I just opened the door and went in without knocking. God I wish I hadn't.

I saw George's back as he was getting in the shower, he just froze as he saw the awe in my face when I stared at his single scar, one single scar in the entirety of his body , it was a huge scar spanning diagonally on his whole back , it was so large it reminded me of video game characters , and so deep I thought it was see-through where the skin met the spine. I just looked at him and he knew,  he got a look that was stuck in his face for the rest of the week and just said "Let me finish my shower and I'll explain".

And so he finished , and so he explained , and so I was moved , then I processed what he said and I was devastated , and then I thought about it once more and I started to cry , then he let go and started to cry even more than I did.

It was one of the saddest stories I had ever heard.  Until you are 13-16 depending on the person you get no scars from lying, I mean come on who doesn’t lie as a kid. One day you wake up with an already fainted scar across your whole face which goes away in a day or two and that is how you know you now get scars from lying. So George was relatively lucky as he got his initiation scar a couple of weeks after he became sixteen. 

When George was 14 his mother got cancer. His 3 years younger sister got cancer too a year later, while his father had died in an accident when George was 9. His mother was given a 60% chance of getting rid of the cancer for good at the beginning with chemotherapy.  She didn’t.  A month after she learned that her cancer got too spread to be completely stopped, her daughter got cancer too. George said the doctor believed that his mother must have been exposed to radiation when pregnant with his sister else it was just a very tragic coincidence that they both got cancer in such a small time interval with his sister at such a young age.

George’s mother stopped chemotherapy just before he became 15 since the doctor said it wouldn’t help anymore. His sister was never given much chance, a mere 10% that chemotherapy would even do anything.

His mother couldn’t get out of bed just before George turned 16. At the same time the doctor told his sister that chemotherapy couldn’t do anything anymore and that she was giving her about another year and 6 to 8 months in a “good enough” health.

Naturally George and his sister wanted their mother to die knowing her daughter at least would survive.  So they thought they’d lie to her, tell her that her daughter was getting better. George learned how to do makeup and helped his sister so she would seem in good health no matter what happened. They told their mum that even though she had gotten past cancer she started paying attention to the details of life and that she wanted to start putting on make up to look better and her being 13 at the time her mother believed her. 

And so George kept lying, with a lie that started a few weeks after he got his first scar, he kept saying the same lie to his mother everyday. His mother got worse and so did his sister. His mother died 6 months after George got 16 years old, his sister one month after that, the doctor predicted wrong. The last two months that their mother was alive his sister couldn’t get out of bed and so every day he lied to his mother that his sister had to study , or that she didn’t get a very good grade on a test and didn’t want to disappoint her , or that she went out with friends whenever his mother asked why his sister didn't visit much. On the days his sister was feeling better she put on make-up, gathered all her strength and walked enough to go sit beside her mother’s bed.  And so George kept lying so that his mother would die happy, every day for hours each day he lied to his dying mother that his dying sister was well, a few weeks before the end he told her that his sister had gotten fully rid of her tumor while his sister would faint trying to get up and see her mother. And George kept lying even the last few days when his mother could hardly see or talk and asked to see her daughter, so George said that she went abroad in a school program for students good in literature related subjects and she called him to relay her love for her mother to her, while she was in the hospital 20 meters away on the same floor, hanging on to life by a thread. Then his mother died and he couldn’t lie anymore, his sister died and he could hardly feel like he could live anymore.

All that left him with one big scar, the same lie being told over and over and over again devastating him even more each time, killing him inside and out a bit more each time creating a scar that would never heal. Creating a scar that was bigger than anyone I and maybe anyone else living on this godforsaken planet has ever seen. Creating a scar that made every other evil, obstacle or problem seem redundant, turning George into the best person I had ever known, into the best person anyone that met him had ever known.

It’s a mad world , and it’s mad to judge people by their scars , some carry them with sorrow , some with pride , some with regret some with happiness , some only need one , some have none , some can’t seem to get enough.
.




This is my first ever prompt , pretty much the first story i've ever written to be honest ( outside of school of course). Feedback is appreciated
Also sorry if it got too sad too fast in the end I was listening to Tears in Heaven by Eric Clapton when I started writing , a very sad song who I only found out about yesterday, worth a listen.

Edit: So I'm done with changes to the story , may edit in the future if I find any spelling or grammar mistakes