Lucky.

That's the only word I could think of to describe my situation as I shoved my way past the dozens of shambling corpses that walked right past me, swarming the overturned car. Whoever was in the driver's seat was still screaming, though their blood would have long since been contaminated by multiple bites.

Prying the trunk open with a crowbar, I was rewarded with around a dozen cans of food, including (to my pleasant surprise) canned beets. Due to our little arrangement, Garret had been teetering on the edge of anemia for the past week or so. The iron would be good for him, and subsequently me.

A gunshot rang out from the driver's seat and the screaming stopped, yielding to the sound of a dozen feasting corpses. I wasn't sure what had taken the poor sap so long to shoot himself, but none of that was my concern now. Ever since I'd been sent out to scavenge for food, finding guns and ammo had pretty much become a non-issue. I took the cans and left.

\- - -

"Honey, I'm home," I called out as I entered the old apartment.

"Shut up, Stan. What'ya get?"

"The usual. More canned food."

Garret sighed in what could have passed for gratitude or disappointment. He got up, walked to the counter and began his little ritual: swabbing his inner arm with alcohol, sticking himself with the vacutainer, and filling up my favorite coffee mug with his blood.

"We should get some more walkers around the house," he commented. "I saw some people walking around outside. They got pretty close."

I waited until he was done, then took a sip from the mug.

"If we shepherd any more walkers around the building, I'll be the only one that can make it in or out of here."

"Mm, I guess."

Garret walked back over to the window and looked outside.

"I'm serious," I said, gulping down the last of the blood and walking over to him. "I get why we need protection, but you're dangerously close to being trapped here."

"I don't get what the big deal is," my roommate argued. "You can always go out and kill a few if it gets too bad. They keep survivors away."

"And what if you have to get out of here in a hurry? What if there's a fire? You do realize I'm screwed if something happens to you, right?"

"You worry too much."

I was about to shoot something back when the irony hit me. Garret, a human, seemingly paranoid about other humans, while I was lecturing him about the undead being dangerous.