The sad thing was that I didn't know who I was hurting.

Yes, I was Alana in every sense of the word. I was there when she first kissed her husband. I was there for every boring HR neeting. For the excitement of the birth of her first child. For when she learmed she was gay and left her husband. All of her failures, all of her scrapes and bruises. I cried when she did. Functionally, I was Alana. I didn't remember where I truly came from. 

But now here I am, swimming in a fish tank in a room across from her. I can see her at the far left corner of my tank. A researcher is questioning her. She has a very strong North Dakotan accent, something she hasn't let slip since she was 8 amd moved to Georgia (she was afraid people wouldn't like how she talked and has only spoken in a southern drawl since). I can't hear very well in here, but it seems like she has no recollection of the past thirty six years of her life. She speaks like a child. She eyes her hand tattoo curiously, unsure of the story behind it.

I feel sorry for her. One of the researchers explained to me that they have been finding a lot of my kind from Alana's town. In 1986, the US government discovered a pod of eggs in a chunk of ice. I was one of those eggs, and I guess I escaped and found myself a host.

That was 36 years ago. I honestly don't even remember the day. I couldn't tell about my home planet. I couldn't tell you what I really am or what my language is like. I was, as far as I'm concerned, human. I may have only entered Alana's life when she was eleven, but Ive lived as her every second since. I know her childhood through family stories. Most people forget those parts anyways, making me no different than any other human.  

I don't know what they're going to do with me. Stealing an identity is a serious crime, but... I had no idea what I was doing. I've tried to give Alana the best life since. Even now I want to cry seeing how scared she is. Am I pitying myself? Or am I pitying her?

They call me a parasite, but what have I done wrong? 