(Ugh why does waiting at the bank take so long) I thought to myself (the one day I'm not too busy to walk inside and the frickin lines are a mile long.)

The people in front of me shuffle like zombies when the front guy leaves, meaning I'm moving about a foot from where I was before.

(Seriously!!) There's a woman in front who brought her dang kid and IS HE SERIOUSLY COUNTING PENNIES ONE BY FRICKIN ONE!!! UGHHHH!!!

This is why I never walk in the bank. I always prefer the drive throughs, but today I didn't have as many errands to run so I decided to walk in and maybe grab me an actual piece of candy without having to awkwardly ask for it bc I'm an adult who is supposed to be repulsed by the idea of sweets but hey, gotta love them little suckers.

My thought process is immediately halted as three men with ski masks and assault rifles barge inside the door demanding everyone get down on the ground. I throw my hands up as one of them waves a gun towards me and I survey the door out of the corner of my eye, but I'm worried he will shoot me as it's too far away, so I slowly sink down to my knees before I hear the police sirens and he forcibly grabs my arm.

"Any funny business, and I shoot you all one by one," he yelled, "starting with you!" His tongue like a snake in my ear as I'm disgusted by the way he whispered it like a rapist. He slides his hand down my ass and I use my other hand to slap his away. He smiles and throws me down on the ground with force before he searches my pockets for whatever money he thinks I'm carrying, sliding his eyes down my boobs and stopping at the nametag sewn into my work shirt.

He stops immediately and gets this horrified expression on his face. He jumps up and backs away slowly. "What are ya doin, Paul!!"

"That's her! That's her!! The one the boss says we cant touch!! Im dead!! Im a dead man!! I can't do this, man!!" The man in the ski mask drops his gun and runs outside hands up to the police, surrendering himself. One of the other two men holds his gun towards me and demands I tell him who I am.

"I'm Kay. Kay Peterson."

The second man becomes just as horrified, takes his mask off, and puts the gun in his mouth. Pieces of him go everywhere as everyone screams. I get up and look towards the third man, who looks too scared to move. Everyone's eyes are on me, like I'm some sort of savior. The third man is so terrified to move that he pisses himself as I walk closer. Then he starts spouting off nonsense about how I'm on a 'No Harm' list and his boss is gonna make them wish they were dead without actually giving them the pleasure of death.

"And who is your boss?" I ask.

He drops his gun and falls on his hands and knees begging me not to tell his boss that he will do anything I ask as long as I did not tell that they held me at gunpoint, blabbering about how he has a family to support and he really didn't wanna do this, blah blah blah...

"Just give me a damn name!!"

He climbs to his knees and starts praying in a foreign language and hands me a note before assuming his bitch position, still praying for dear life.

I open the paper and become flabbergasted to the name as I had not heard it in many years.

Eric Drake

But there was no way.

Eric was always shy and reserved. He was the kind of guy that would do anything you needed from him. Albeit he was pretty naive at times. We became fast friends as kids and I admit I had a minor crush on him after the summer of '03 when he hit puberty and became hot, but regrettably that same year he moved and we lost touch a long time ago. He was the sweetest guy I knew. So there was absolutely no way that he could instill this much fear into a group of thugs.

I tossed the paper into my pocket and threw my hands up when the police marched in and escorted everyone out. I also made a mental note to look Eric up on social media to see if I could find him again.