It's been about 11 hours since I was bitten. They say it takes about 30 to fully turn. I don't feel any different yet, just a sore spot where I was bitten on my left calf. The military medics just put down the old lady, who was almost 27 hours in and on her way to turning. She'd been babbling nonsense and taking a swing at anybody who came close. The privates left behind to get us to D.C. said we can bury her before we leave, so Andy and Mac are digging a grave for her now. Thank my luck, they didn't bother to check if anyone else was bit. I'm not about tell them either, they'll do me in just like they did the poor old bag. Except the medics moved on already, so it won't be with a nice, quiet injection in the arm, it'll be a bullet to the skull. I've got shit to take care of, people to say goodbye to. I've got time.

18 hours in, my leg is cramping up. I'm starting to wonder if I should tell anybody since they'll just tell the military men and kill me. What if there's a cure? What if they can save me once we get to D.C.? Who can I trust to tell? It might not matter anyway, I spotted a horde in the distance right in our path. I don't know how the others missed it, it must be half the size of Rhode Island, and not that far off.

Its 2 AM. I got bit 24 hours ago, and my whole body aches like my muscles are pulling themselves apart. It's a good thing the men in green had trucks because I don't think I could walk like this. It's a miracle the Zachs outside haven't woken up, these trucks are awful loud. Too loud. My ears are throbbing from the constant noise. Why do we have to use these awful machines? It's going to get us all killed. We're all going to die. None of us will make it. These people are suffering in their fate, I have to do something.

27 hours. I keep telling them we have to turn back. We left the old bag behind, we need to got back and save her. She doesn't stand a chance on her own out here, please we have to go back and get her out. The green men are looking at me funny. They don't care about us, they just want to herd us into pens and breed us like animals. I can't let them take us there. I have to stop them before we get to D.C. I have to stop them. They have to die. I have to kill them.

29 hours. The joints are stiff. I can hardly move. I need to get them. They move just out of reach. The machine is stopping. They all crawl out. I have to follow them. I need them. The green men are grabbing me, they won't let go. Get them off, I have to get them. I have to get them. They throw me on the dirt. They are holding me. Get them. I pull one down. I need to get them. Flesh brushes my face. I get it with my teeth. I get the green man's ear. He screams. His blood is good. He tears away. I have his ear. He gets his gun. He points at me.

Bang.