Peter's roommates were out for the night celebrating the end of the semester, but unfortunately he had an exam the next morning. He had been studying for hours when the silence was broken by the sound of paper sliding under the door. He glanced up from his desk expecting to see a paper from the RA concerning vacating the dorm, but nothing was there. His eyes scanned the room for the cause of the paper sound when his eyes fell on the closet. A giant white envelope with a red crayon heart drawn on top of it with his name in the middle of the heart was resting on the floor.

With some hesitation, he took a deep breath before asking "Is anyone there?" His question was met with silence which sent a chill up his spine yet he was suspecting his roommates were behind this. He walked slowly towards the closet door expecting one of his roommates to burst out at him but nothing.

"Paul...I know it's you or Taylor. Stop this I'm trying to study." Again, he was met with the same eerie silence. He rubbed his eyes thinking it was just a delusion brought on by all of his finals week all nighters and glanced down to see the envelope still resting there. At this point, his curiosity was peaked by the possible contents in the envelope and picked it up and opened it.

Inside the envelope were various photos of him from now to present day along with a pink, folded letter with the same red, hand drawn heart with his name on it. He pulled out the letter and opened it:


Dear Peter,

You don't know me but I know who you are. I've been watching you ever since you were a child. I was in your closet, under your bed and in the shadows. You always had the feeling someone was watching you (and you were right) and would run to your parents screaming, only to have them tell you that I was a figment of your imagination.

At first, I planned on simply scaring you like I had been doing to children over millenia, but for some reason, whether it was from boredom or curiosity, I began to develop feelings for you as you matured into a teenager and finally an adult. 

This may sound awkward to you, and I really can't blame you, but along with these increased feelings for you comes the overwhelming desire to shred you apart and devour your entrails. You're such a muscular and athletic 20 year old. Your meat must taste delicious.

Again, I apologize how much awkwardness and discomfort you must feel from reading this, but I am well aware that human-monster relationships never turn out well for the human. I just wanted to get this off of my thorax because it has been bothering me for years.

Love with all of my 4 hearts, 

The Thing That Dwells In The Shadows



After reading the letter, Peter sat down on the foot of his bed trying to process what he had just read. Was this for real? Was this some kind of sick joke? Am I dreaming all of this? He leaned on the bed and stared at the ceiling when he suddenly felt something cold and slimy wrap around his leg. Before he could scream, The Thing had pulled him under the bed. Right as he began to fall unconscious, The Thing whispered into his ear "I have always loved you" and began devouring him.