The Basilisk. A wholeheartedly feared creature in old European times, listed in every bestiary and legend as the *King of Serpents*.

But the basilisk is just a fairy tale. Thats what everyone said, right? Old mythical creatures, with no real form, and no real bite.

So what the hell was it doing in Chicago.

Never have I been more afraid in my life. Staring into those poisionous eyes, hypnotic, keeping me still as stone. Not that I could move anyway, my hands and legs tied to a chair. Two daggers, The Fangs of the Serpent, trailed lightly over my jacket. The twin Fangs made the scilent message clear, even as I groggily awoke. I would listen to what the Basilisk had to say.

The white smile of an evil goddess stood in front of me, a perverted version of the face I had fallen for to begin with. "M-Mary?"

She squeaked, and clapped with joy "oh! Evan, you're awake! I'm so glad you're awake, my little serpentine~!"

"Serpen....tine...?" the sharp cut of twin fangs against my arms cleared my head for a moment. Thats right. thats why I was here, in the den of The Serpents. "*You're* the Basilisk?"

A small, cute laugh peiced the otherwise quiet room. "of course, little baby snake, isn't that why you asked me out? You just *knew* how much I needed a King for my kingdom, didn't yah?" She gave a happy squee, "I mean, you're a smart, low down city boy, right, Evan? Why, you were raised here your whole life! You know *just* as much as I do that this city is full of trash and scum~ and all *I'm* trying to do it root it out and poison the well!"

The insane laugh she gave could only be pinned as one thing. "You're a lunatic!" I cried, desprately trying to break free. Damn it. David warned me. David warned me not to go near them. I thought he just meant her parents!

Her frown brought the fang's knives to my neck, cutting in ever so gently. The terrified hitch was enough to make the twins holding the blades laugh. Mary's *hiss* was enough to make them shut up, at least. "now now now, I cant make him my king if he's *dead* can I?" the fangs apologised, and drew away. "Now, little mouse, what do you say to becoming my snake daddy instead, huh?"

I still couldn't believe it. Before me, *Mary,* sweet little ***Mary,*** was the head of the Serpents gang. The Gang, that in only a few short years, Had cornered the streets of Chicago, and left even the government running scared. And she wants *me* to keep the gang going. After all, who will run the gang, if there's no heir?

It was a tempting prospect. It meant I wouldnt ever have much to fear again, even the law. I could live my life cushy, and just do my best to keep my head down and not attract anyone else's attention. David died for this, didn't he. Thats why he called me after their date went bad. Thats why--

If there was one thing that I wasnt going to let go to waste, it was probably the best words of wisdom he could have given me. I spat in Mary's face. "Sorry pal. I'd never stick my dick in crazy."