
The sky was red and black over the turquoise hills of the Eastern Ridge.  Massive billows of dark smoke shot through with flickers of golden flame danced across the sky.   A faint crackling and roaring could be heard as the wildfire marched implacably towards the settlement.

Kieran O’Reilly wiped sweat from his brow as the all-terrain rover turned down Hopeward Drive.  The inferno was bearing down on Quadrant Five, assigned to the human colonists, and he was doing his damnedest to ensure none of the men, woman or children under his care would perish.   New colonies always had their hazards.  The giant wasps of Harvey’s World, the spore-slime of New Lyons, or the neo-pumas of St Justinians, there was always a hazard humans had never dealt with before.

But wildfires?  That was a menace man knew well.  His thoughts slithered to a stop as the incongruity of the sight ahead of him penetrated.

A small family of Torettas was carrying something *into* one of the multi-species living pods.  Two of the larger quadrupeds, and three smaller ones.   *Robbers?  Vandals?  No.* The aliens were almost stupidly pacifistic with an iron-hard honorable conduct code.  They’d never ransack a place.

“Hey!  HEY!”

The largest Toretta juggled a box awkwardly and flexed one of its upper arms – an equivalent to a human wave.

“HEY!  Mandatory Evac order! You’ve got to get out of here!”

“Why?”  The simple question was a long sonorous drawn out whistle.

“Why?  Because of the damned fire!”

“It consumes.  We will be consumed at peace”

“I don’t care.  I’m supervisor for this block, and I’m saying you get your scaly asses out to the Landing Field. Right Now!”

“It will take us many hours to pack our goods again”

“*I Do Not Care!  Drop everything and Go!  Go go go!*”

The Torettas hooted a wailing call at the pod, and the rest of it’s – *herd? family?* - slowly trotted out and began moving towards their vehicle.  But slowly, ever so slowly.

“C’MON PEOPLE!  MOVE!”

His chivvying got the aliens finally moving off, eliciting a disgusted shake of the head at their languid pace.  The fire couldn’t be more than an hour away – they would’ve died.

“Chief?  It’s Johnson at Central”

“Go ahead”

“Sir, somethings not right here.  All the other aliens are…acting weird.  There’s no evac co-ordination going on, the Siriellians keep asking when we’re going to ‘accept’, and I can’t find out about any teams on the fire.  It’s like I’m talking to a brick wall.   Brody’s got his team out by Venture, and he’s asking for more assistance…. but I can’t find any to send him”.

“Shit.  Alright.  Pull Brody and his guys back from the line.  No point if they’re the only ones working.  Get Tania and…the new girl, the redhead.  Get them to set up flights out.  Commandeer commercial if you have to.”

“Yes Sir.”

Kieran swung the rover in a tight turn and accelerated back down the road, his wrathful fury at the sheer incompetence of the emergency response almost as intense as the inferno boiling downslope towards him.
The vehicle radio snapped on with a Colony Alert chime.  *Finally!*

“Siblings of all species.  We come confronted with the greatest of all the dangers.  We know that one day our lives will end in fire, and for us, today is that day.  We prepare as our ancestors across ten worlds once did, as we bow to the inevitability of the flame.  Be at peace as we meet our end in the warmth of the Final Flam-"

“Oh, you have got to be fucking kidding me!”  Was the whole damned colony some sort of death-cult?  How could any species get to space travel, with the whole ‘strap astronauts to the top of a fuel tank and set it on fire’ thing, if they were so bloody eager to fling themselves into oblivion at the first sign of a forest fire?

He turned down another road, the Colony Alert still spouting it’s bewildering and confusing message, and then screeched to a stop outside a cube-shaped building.

Kieran strode into the comms transmitter.  The human workers had already departed, but a Sirellian still manned his station, one of two pseudopods caressing a small object – a familial scent globe.  The colony broadcast was repeating from the small comm the alien wore.

“I need an alpha priority channel.  Supervisor Override.”

“You wish/to say/farewells to/loved ones?”

“No.  Get me the nearest Solarian cruiser”

---

Captain Jean Wilson stared at the map projection on the viewscreen.

“And you’re telling me that there is *no* containment efforts going on down there?”

“Pretty much, Captain.  The leadership down here is…they’ve either gone crazy or they’re some sort of weird fire-worshipping cult.  They won’t evac, they won’t fight it and they won’t *listen*!  It’s like the whole bloody lot of them *want* to die in a fire.”

“Very well, Supervisor.  We’ll see what we can do.  Wilson out.”

With the channel cut, Jean turned to her equally bewildered officers.

“Suggestions, people?”

The grizzled colonel of the ship’s military contingent studied the map, and grinned suddenly.

“We can deploy engineering teams under Commander Morgan.  She’s got experience from the California superfires.  But none of my Marines are trained firefighters.  We’re better at setting things on fire than putting something that size out.”

“Colonel Oswin has a point, Ma’am.  We can’t put firefighters on the ground in high enough quantities to damp that, but we do have some additional options.  The particle lances should be effective at cutting a firebreak.”

“Mr Thurston.  You want to use anti-capital weaponry on a ground target?  A civilian ground target?”

“They’re going to cause some overheat spillage, Ma’am, but not as much as that fire is going to do.  But we can slice along those two hill curves to shield the colony.  A partial power shot should dig one hell of a trench.  We can then put the Colonel’s engineers on the ground, organize the local fire efforts.”

“Doesn’t sound like they’ve got much in the way of local effort down there.  Although, we can probably re-rig one of the Marine Landers as a monsoon tanker.  The Mark 17’s are rated for submersible use, as well as having vertical drop tubes.  My boys can rip out the launching mechanism, and we’d have a sort of jury-rigged tanker.  Wouldn’t be fast, and I hate to think what the brass is going to say about it, but do-able.”

“Engineering reports they’ve got two Disaster Pods ready for use.  They’ve got firefighting gear in them – smaller scale stuff, but survival cocoons, retardant gel spray and hotspot detection gear should still be useful.”

“Alright people.  We’ve got some ideas here, and limited time.  Lets get it done.”

---

