Poor Bill.

Poor confused, delusional Bill. Maybe it was all the moonshine, or maybe the Depression, but he had gone outright mad. So mad in fact, that the fool thought he could talk to dead folks.  A real shame too. 

He was a smart fellow, liked by everyone and engaged to Miss Marie Jenkins, sweetest belle this side of the Mississippi. He had it all. Great home, great friends, and a wedding that would make the Queen of England jealous planned for him and Miss Marie. But fate had other plans. 

The Depression bankrupted Bill, and Marie's daddy refused to let his fine daughter marry a poor city boy. The engagement was broken off, and soon after Marie's body was found lying limp in a patch of petunias. Poison they say. Little lady figured that if she couldn't be with her Bill, she couldn't go on. Bill was devastated. Wound up a homeless drunk roaming the streets and causing a general disturbance. The police gave him two choices: jail or therapy. Scared of prison, he opted for the latter.

And that's how he wound up here at Our Lady of Hope Psychiatric Medical Hospital. He trodded up the stairs in the dead of night one chilly day in winter. No shoes, mumbling, and staggering from drunkenness. He stopped by the door, and spoke a few words to me, which took me aback. Actually he told me all that which I just relayed to you, if not a little scatteredly. I kept scratching my head after he walked inside, or I guess I would've if I had a hand to scratch it with. 

Back before I kicked the bucket, I was the security for this fine establishment. Lost my hands to a woman who thought she was a tiger. Ripped 'em off as she pinned me to the ground, and not cleanly mind you. Didn't eat them or nothing, just growled until an orderly came and, well, took care of her. Unfortunately, that wasn't my most harrowing ordeal. The worst wad when a young boy who suffered from some illness of the brain that made him go all crazy decided to start chopping people up, slicing and dicing cadavers, and then moving on to some nurses. I was his last victim, and I really would rather not relive that day. That was over 50 years before Bill showed up, and 20 before this hospital shut it's doors for good. Sometimes I still see the tiger lady  slinking through the halls, stalking mice or crows, or I'll hear little Timmy laughing as nurses scold him, screaming at him to put the knife down. I'm dead, but it still gives me chills.

But I digress. Anyways, I followed Bill into the main entryway, watching as he walked up to the desk. Good old Gertrude, may her soul find its way to heaven, sat behind it, reading some old newspaper article from the turn of the century. "E-excuse me, miss?" Bill murmured.  Gertrude gasped. 

"Pardon me? Who are you" she asked, shocked as though she saw a ghost. Well, that's a poor choice of words, but you understand my point. 

"I'm Bill Fields, and I'd like to check myself in."

Gertrude was clearly puzzled. "But you're... "

I cut her off before she could say a thing. "Obviously very tired. We'll find you a room for now and get paperwork done first thing in the morning". I turned to Cynthia, a nurse who died here during a flu outbreak, and prayed he could see her too as I asked her to take "our patient" to his room. Apparently he could, and he plodded off behind her as she cheerily led him down the hall.

"Now what on earth did you do that for Arthur? He's a living man! He needs care if he can see us! We're all dead!"

I told her that I knew he needed care, but the only other mental hospital around was St. Peter's, and while it might not be closed, there were more ghosts roaming its halls than there were our own. After some arguing, and a deal which involved me having to get her some new newspapers, she agreed to let Bill stay.

And stay he did. Years passed, and we all did our best to keep him safe, healthy, and happy, while not letting him find out we weren't real. Broke our hearts whenever he asked us to leave, saying that he didn't see ghosts anymore. He always was perplexed at the fact that the nurses never seemed to age either. Eventually, as he grew older, he started to forget things, even ones as basic as putting on a shirt, or holding a spoon. We tried our best to care for him, but eventually, he passed away. He was shocked when he could see us upon waking up. Had a fire destroyed the hospital? Were we all dead? He asked these things frantically. Yes we were all dead, I told him. I watched as he put the pieces together. He stood up, walked out of his room, slowly amde his way to the main desk, bidding farewell to other patients and nurses, thanked Gertude, then officially signed himself out. He left, and never did come back, and I like to think it's because that fair girl who stood outside for about 75 years, the same one he walked down the sidewalk hand and hand with upon his departure, was Miss Marie.

Now why do I tell you this story Paul? Well, you see, it's now 2017, and I do believe modern medicine may be able to cure you, that there's no need to check yourself in here. So go, get yourself some help. After all, you are talking to a ghost right now.