I'd been planning to animate my own skeleton eventually, but not like this. Not now; not for many years. I don't have much control over my body at the moment, so I don't have anything better to do than to explain, I suppose. But you don't know anything about this, so I guess I'll start from the top. What is necromancy?

"Dark magic that weaponizes corpses." Right, that's the standard answer you'd find in a book. I'll be honest, it really is the most common use for necromancy in today's culture. Wizards with their heads screwed on a little wrong decide they want an army of zombies to smite their enemies. But necromancers like that... necromancers like *me* who can do nothing but reanimate the dead; they're only scratching the surface.

Necromancy is, in a sense, the ultimate expression of the mortal condition and the human spirit. We start with the concept of *death,* the ending of life, the destruction of a person, and we invert it. The beginning of life, the creation of a person. Undeath, so to speak. It's an oversimplication to put it like that, but it's true. The goal of necromancy as a discipline is immortality, true and lasting life worth living, the transition from a natural order to an industrial one. 

For that *is* the human spirit, to make something better than nature. Thus we have cities in place of caves. We tamed wolves and made them into dogs. We live longer than we did in the beginning, through magic and medicine both. Necromancy is simply the logical conclusion of all that progress.

Are you still paying attention? No, of course not. I'm just a scary dark wizard who screwed up his magic and turned himself into a zombie, right? Well I'll give you the short version. I'm not a bad guy, I'm just a little stupid and I need your help badly.

Animating a skeleton is the *very first* spell any necromancer learns. It's simple and easy. You assemble the bones in the needed shape, make sure they stick at the joints. Then you speak a little incantation which calls up the magic within you, a flash of green light, and you give the skeleton a name. The name acts as a remote control, and...

Oh, would you just *focus?* Come on, brat, I'm offering to teach you magic here!

Hm. That got your attention. Right, so I can't move while I'm holding down this skeleton of mine, which means I need someone else to dispel the animation. The spell to release my bones requires movements, a wave of the hand here, drawing a glyph over there. I can walk you through it, and once you're done you'll remember how to do it whenever anyone sends a zombie your way. You'll be your village's very own paladin. Sounds nice, right?

Right. So first you need to know the name I gave the skeleton. *My* skeleton. I named him...

...

...Lord Ultra-Boner. Look, this was my first time animating, okay? I wasn't planning to keep him around; this was a trial run! Do you have something to write with? Maybe some chalk?

No, I can't just ask someone else! Do you have any idea how long it took me to stumble down here? Listen, I promise you're not in any danger. Lord Ultra-Boner won't attack anyone unless I give an order, and I'm not that kind of necromancer. 

Okay, write down the name. And *please* stop laughing. I can't tell you the incantations if you don't *listen...*

We're going to be here a while; aren't we?