Elsif gazed on his handiwork. This was a fantastic weapon. A sword
made of enchanted Fenyglass. The captured sunlight pulsed rhythmically out of the gleaming lattice and struck his eyes. He was almost blinded by the distinctive kaleidoscope of color the crystalline blade distilled from the sun. In the glimmer of light arose a peculiarity; a faint shimmer of blue that intimated the rhythm of a heart beat. 

Perhaps some sort of microscopic inconsistency in the glass. A fracture that reflected light at odd angles. The blade was without peer in the county of Garstuck. Yet, even with Elsif's skill at crafting, a blade forged by mortal hands isn't without fault. 

Next he tested the balance. As he pranced in the light of the forge, the blade danced in step. Yet again there was a quality that seemed out of place. As if he was stabalizing a cup of liquid in his hands. 

Elsif gripped and swung ...

"What the fuck!" Gasped the old man in front of Eric; the crumpled dollar bills still clutched in a shaking and ruddy fist. "You little shit! What are you doing!" The old man let out a screech as he curled up, clawing the exposed skin on his gnarled, varicose arms. Up and down the purple, tanned skin were splotches of fresh crimson. A faint mist of vaporized liquid rose around the room and the scent of roasted coffee hung in the air.

Eric looked down, shaking. Wound tightly in his hand was the paper cup that once held a latte'. Skinny with two extra shots of espresso. A perfectly poured cup. Crafted by a master barista right out of the handbook. 

Out of the corner of his eye, Eric saw the espresso machine pour a shot for the next customer. The blue LED blinked. One, two, three ... done.

The steam from the forge rose up and swirled around Elsif while the bellows gathered in the air and pushed it back out out again with a faint wheeze; breathing in life that would cause death. 

"Story of Garstuck; is it just a game? Tonight on Channel 7 News; one lawsuit has experts warning that Virtual Reality gaming is hurting the community."