*[First-time post; English not my first language; literally imagined being in the same place in 1400, not sure where this is going ;)]*

Feeling sleepy…

It is Saturday morning after all, so why bother getting up early?

That was the almost unconscious thought I had, when I wanted to bury myself
deeper into the cushions for just a bit. However, I realized pretty soon that
there was no cushion. In fact, nothing below me felt like a nice, soft bed.
Through my eyelids the surroundings seemed also much brighter than expected.

I opened my eyes slowly and was blinded by the morning sunlight. It took a few
seconds for my eyes to adjust. Around me, there was dry grass interleaved with
wild flowers. An enjoyable countryside meadow: bugs and bees were buzzing about,
the songs of birds echoed through the air above me.

Slowly my appreciation of nature waned allowing a sense of confusion to settle
in. Where was I and how did I get here? There was nothing I could remember that
would have caused me to sleep outside on open grasslands.

I stood up to get my bearings. The landscape seemed unfamiliar at first: just an
open grassland with pretty tall grass. Some bushes and trees were close by,
shielding the horizon from my view. As I gazed around, I found an indication of
a range of hills quite similar to the sides of the Rhine valley. I checked for
familiar landmarks. Usually a local quarry stood out: it essentially looked like
huge chunk of the hill was missing. But I could not make it out. No broadcasting
antennae on top of the hills either.

I walked through an opening between the bushes nearby to enter into another
meadow. In front of me there was a field full of wheat crops ready for harvest.
The whole thing looked a bit crooked, but I did give that fact too much
attention.

As I walked along the field's border, I kept looking around scanning the horizon
for indications of where I was. Finally, I saw something far off in the
distance: a castle was built into the side of the hill. It seemed very familiar
at first, and I thought this must be Heidelberg castle. But then I realized that
it could not be. The castle in the distance looked completely intact, a state in
which I had never seen the ruins of that building. But where else is such a
similar castle?

I had not too much time to be puzzled, as I suddenly heard the hooves of a horse
trotting behind me. I looked around and saw a man leading the horse on a leash,
as it pulled a carriage full of harvest. His clothes were shabby, I wondered
whether this was some sort of live-action roleplaying going on. Then I realized
I was still wearing pyjamas and refrained from making any comment in that regard.

"Hey, there", I yelled waving at him with a smile, happy that I found another
human sole, that could surely point me to the next bus stop.

He looked at me somewhat surprised and while I walked closer, he answered
something which was not quite intelligible to me. I asked him to repeat. He
looked confused and stopped his horse and talked to me again. Now I could hear
him more clearly, as we were standing right in front of each other, but I was
none the wiser to the meaning of his words. I had never gotten used to the local
dialect spoken in the Heidelberg area. But while I still recognized his dialect,
it was even further removed from my native language than anything I had heard
before.

It took a bit back and forth, but I finally made out, that he was asking me
about where I was from.

"I am from Heidelberg", I answered and added, "where do I have to go for the
next bus stop?"

He still seemed confused, but pointed me to the castle in the background. As I
looked at the castle again, he wished me farewell and carried on with his horse.

If this was indeed the castle, I should me in the middle of the city. This made
no sense, but I figured, that wherever I was, there should be a map or something
at that castle. As I got closer, I spotted a small settlement next to the
castle. The more I saw of it, the more medieval it seemed. No indication of
modern technology whatsoever. Was this a theme park of some sort? Was I
dreaming? I still was not sure of my unlikely fate, but decided to play along
for the time being.

The city was a lively place: lots of farmers were headed here with loads of
produce to sell. A few guards in leather armor carrying spears checked me, when
I came closer to the core of the little town. But they let me go, when they
realized I had nothing worth checking on me.

The town seemed vaguely familiar to me in layout, but not quite like the
historical old city of Heidelberg. But from conversations I overheard throughout
the city, it seemed everybody here was quite convinced that this was indeed the
city I lived in. I still had my doubts, as time travel seemed unlikely to me at
the time. This was all way too surreal.

I closed in on a larger market square with all kinds of stands run by farmers,
fishers, craftsmen and the occasional merchant. Seeing these people trade food,
I realized that I was quite hungry. But I had no money, especially none of those
weird, fancy coins they were exchanging.

People had been noticing me, since I entered the town. Soon I realized why that
was. My shirt had a pretty realistic detailed landscape from a movie printed on
it, in this setting that would likely be a exceptional piece of art. So I sought
out the nicest looking tailor I could find in town and walked into their store.

A tall, older man with a pair of glasses looked at me curiously, as I entered his tiny
workshop.

"And who would you be?", he inquired in that hard to grasp dialect I was still
getting used to.

"A merchant on travel", I lied with my best imitation of the dialect.

"Is that so? You from up North?", he asked, oblivious of my real origin.

"Yes, from Lübeck. Hanseatic business are running well these days", I
improvised, "my guild sent me with samples of our finest goods, suitable for
truely skilled tailors."

He looked flattered and started looking at my shirt, which I was hoping for.

"Unfortunately, robbers caught me off guard on my way South from Mainz. They
barely spared my life", I acted it out.

"So… your samples are gone?", he concluded, seemingly unimpressed by my made-up
misfortune.

"Not quite. As I stand here, I wear the last of these rare samples, the only one
I could get away with."

He stood up and came closer inspecting the fabric and artwork more closely:
"This is truely extraordinary craftsmanship. I have never seen such detail
before."

"Do you think you could use such fabric in your work?"

"Oh, I am sure the nobility will like it very much. Perhaps even Rupert III may
be interested in such fine work. Have you heard the rumours that he may be king
soon?"

"Indeed, word travels fast on such matters."

I really had no idea what I was doing. It all still seemed like a weird dream.

"What is your price, my dear? And how soon can you get more?", the tailor wanted
to know.

What currency did they even use? No clue.

"What is it worth to you?"

He started thinking. It seemed fake.

"I would give you 10 penny right away for the shirt."

That sounded like very little, so I erred on the side of caution.

"Oh, please… I was just robbed yesterday. Do not rob me of my last shirt, good
sir."

"Well, how much do you want?"

"At least 40 pennies", I replied, hoping this was a significant amount of money.

"Two full guilders? Outrageous!"

"That is what it is worth", I insisted.

"Well, let's make a deal: I will pay you 30, but you have to guarantee me, that you
will not ship your fabric to any other tailor in town."

I considered the offer. Probably not the best I could get, but I wanted to get
something out, as long as I could.

"You drive a hard bargain… of course, I will need a change of clothes, simple ones."

"That can be done", he reached out to me with his hand and we made a deal.

A few minutes later I left the shop with a fresh set of clothes and a
surprisingly heavy bag of gold and silver coins. This stuff seemed valuable, so
I was quite happy with the result.
