In A Grain of Sand

Part I


Through-Tides-and-Time watched the beauty of a breathing, star-besotted universe flow past the malleable and curvilinear hull of the Formless. He-She-It -- three-quarters male -- fed on the craft's myriad sensoria, and drank deep from that well.  Contentment radiated in calm blue and green bioluminescence across his integument. The thin noopodial mass that lay over top his radial body pulsed rhythmically, reflecting the contentment in his displaced mentality. 

In that fluid state of mind, conjoined with so many others, Through-Tides-and-Time perceived a surging in the Deep Night, an inhalation in the universe that swelled. To compensate, he adjusted the third and eighth etheric rudders on the second starboard outrigger, then the first and last rudders on port outrigger --

Four? A very inauspicious number.

No, then. Hm.

... The third etheric rudder of second starboard outrigger, last rudder on first port outrigger, and... Fifth etheric rudder on third starboard arm.

The navigation collective radiated its pleasure at the tireless efficiency of Through-Tides-and-Time, and he basked in that summer tidal pool warmth.

This was the fourth time in two cycles the Formless navigated this newly discovered star route. Tides had formulated his own private collection of constellations during the trip: there was the maned Gutheral, a collection of needlesharp lights suggestive of the creature's majestic bulk, 35 arc seconds north of the Kairyc Archipelago. And... There was the Litoral Bastion. And in just a little while, if Tides trained his perception due starboard, the Thulian Cross would emerge (at this private inauspicious symbol of four and 90 degrees, Tides blushed red biolumen), pointing the Formless and her crew their way back home. Already he could make out the stars that would eventually arrange themselves into the Cross's western-most arm, tipped by what he called the curious Shielded Star.

A tenuous circlet of light aurioled the star. It was nothing like a yagış's eye, of course, faceted and beautiful... But Through-Tides-and-Time always had the curious impression that it looked back at him, watching and waiting.

 Through-Tides-and-Time interfaced with the Formless' spin-cooled archives on the subject of the star, already knowing what he would see: a main sequence star, traces of carbon, iron, neon evident in the photosphere. The circlet, Tides assimilated, was an optical phenomenon; star light reflected and refracting when viewed at a 22 degree angle through a cloud of ice particles -- the remnants of several collided worlds, now millennia dead. A stellar parhelion. 

Then why could the parhelion always be observed, no matter the degree? 
On a whim, Tides scrubbed through the Formless' various sensoria systems, finally settling on a dorsal spectrometer. He trained it on another nearby star, some 238, 000 stellar cycles distant. An older main sequence, its levels of iron, carbon and orichalcum elevated as it senesced. (Somewhere aboard the Formless, Tides' body clicked its tripartite break like an approving physician.) Proper sigma radiation profile. The specimen of perfect health!

Satisfied the spectrographic sensoria were well adjusted and operational, beak still clicking, Tides slowly swung the aperture towards the Shielded Star...

So it was that when the pion burst was caught up in the Formless' sensor skein, its sharp and bitter taste shocked Through-Tides-and-Time from his yagışk-curious reverie. He fell from the collective and became small.

Tides sat there at his station, stunned, staring at the sensor interface, his awareness having withdrawn entirely from the sensoria gestalt and back into his body proper. Reflected red and yellow lights danced at the edges of his vision. The noösphere continued to hum in the background, awaiting his return.

Through-Tides-and-Time felt himself jostled by the feather-gentle touch of Ripples-Across-Shallows, and he felt immediate embarrassment. Tides accepted the proffered connection, all the while calming his own heated luminescence. Noöpod joined noöpod, and mentalities touched.

"Moonlight dances over the stirring surface," empathed Ripples-Across-Shallows, a female by two-thirds.

Is something wrong?

In embarrassment, Tides blushed light. His third root foot lengthened and curled in an arc. The pion burst fresh on his minds, Tides responded across the connection: "Anemones recoil against unexpected hot plume," he conveyed his confusion to her.

It's probably nothing; I was caught off guard by... Something strange.

"Anemone, emboldened by curiosity, reaches out questing limbs," intoned Ripples. Well, don't keep me waiting, what was it?

In his muted state, Tides didn't appreciate the implied snark of the incongruous imagery, but chalked it up to Ripples-Across-Shallows' queer sense of humor coupled with her superior rank. Anemone don't just immediately REACH OUT the instant they sensed...

Sense what?

Taking a calming breath, Tides allowed a portion of its mentality to be once more subsumed by the Formless' sensoria. He reviewed the last few moment's logs, confirming the pion burst was a one-time event and hadn't repeated while his awareness was withdrawn.

Ripples-Across-Shallows coaxed him away from the gestalt and back into integument space.

"A lazing fish basks in summer warmth of the tide pool. A moment passes, then another. A third. Then a falling leaf gently ripples the surface, sending the drousing fish into panic."

You were day dreaming again, weren't you?

Another blush of light. Through-Tides-and-Time immediately assumed a forah'shoal position, a yagış salute: the scutes across his integuments stiffened enough to ward off predators but remained relaxed enough to go with the flow of a current; eye stalks high and on-alert, pointed in the five cardinal directions; three feeder gills diligently filtering; five rooting feet firmly planted in place and curved. Through-Tides-and-Time even extruded a series of questing noöpodia across each foot, waving in tandem in an imaginary current of water.

Day dreaming? Me? Never. Look at me. I'm the picture of diligence and observation. No, the paragon of dedication was modeled after ME. I am the liminal scout, watching for predator and prey alike, filtering phytoplanc and orchestrating efficiency of the pod across the noetic web --

Ripples-Across-Shallows swatted a noöpod in the amnion. Oh, hush. You're not in trouble. In fact, you're the most sensitive of yagış when in-gestalt; you perceive things well before the others. 

Again, she intoned the image of curious anemone. What did you see?

Through-Tides-And-Time relaxed from forah'shoal, one eye turned towards his sensoria interface, considering. Then, looking inward, he summoned the entirety of his memory of the pion burst from his hindbrain. It played before both of the yagis, letting them relive the moment and make sense of it.

"A tempest. Within the eye, there is an absence. Raindrops follow precise, curling vectors, cutting through cloud." As their faster-processing, rolling noopodial portion watched the memory, Through-Tides-and-Time and Ripples-Across-Shallows both appended mathematical notation to the imagery.

Pions.

Pions meant a matter-antimatter conflagration.

Ripples-Across-Shallows sketched out a frown in orange light. "Shining moon petals. Swallowing undertow. The in-falling mating dance of two dervish coral-fish." Could it have been the result of an exotic solar flare? Perhaps accelerated accretion from a black hole? A collision between two neutron stars?

Tides flashed his annoyance once, tracing the particle paths, the masses. No, pay attention! He reinforced the tempest imagery, highlighting the precise way the raindrops cut their course. In the shared noetic space, at Tides' behest, the tempest rewound itself through time; water droplets that were once split came back together in unmistakable symbolic arrangements.

Pions converging, forming from antimatter and matter. Small masses. Wavelengths of hydrogen.

Precision.

Calculation.

This was a controlled reaction, an engineered detonation. 

Ripples-Across-Shallows' integument stiffened, and Tides felt something queer in their shared space. "Ammonia. A landlocked hypersaline sea, too brakish for life," she articulated. This sector is uninhabitable. 

Through-Tides-and-Time lit a brilliant blue-green. I know, isn't it exciting? There's life out here anyways!

Despite herself, Ripples-Across-Shallows mirrored Tides' optimistic lighting. Tides sighed inwardly; ship captains were all so uncharacteristically cautious for yagis. But Tides leapt at his opening and conveyed the origin point of the pion burst, a mere several parsecs away. 

"A rock skipping across the surface of placid waters," Ripples-Over-Shallows agreed. Not far at all. 

Let's check it out. 

*** *** ***