God slowly strode into His office after having taken the day off. Honestly, he'd gotten the idea from a movie where He had been played by Morgan Freeman.  Sometimes, God wished he was Morgan Freeman.  Granted, He was all powerful, so He could do that, but he reasoned that it'd just be weird. 

As he passed His secretary, pausing for a moment to chat her up, He crossed his arms. "So," He asked, making sure His voice was not too booming.  Maybe, if He was lucky, He might get laid.  Then again, free will was a thing. So He usually fell flat. Jesus, His only Son though, He had all the girls.  Even had a hooker at his beck and call.  "So," He repeated, drawing the secretary from her magazine "Has everything imploded?"

She looked up at him, blinked a bit and shrugged as she popped her gum. "Nope." 

That was unexpected. He had planned on this, figured that He'd have to remake things...again.  Maybe this second time around He'd have more fun with it.  Maybe convince people the world was flat...or something along that lines. It always made him laugh when the atheists came up, all ready for an eternal darkness of nothing, only to see His face.  Most curled up into balls of non belief and crying.  Carl Sagan had been rather cool with it though. Seemed to love the idea now that He thought about it.  Maybe he should give Sagan the task of building His next world.  Oh, no matter. "Fine," He said and then nodded at the door. "Announce me."

"Door's on your left. Do it yourself." The secretary retorted, never looking up.

Damn that free will.

Stepping through the door, he found James sitting at His desk, with his sneakers up on it, idly playing with something on God's computer. "So," He said with a grin. "How was it?"

James looked up, narrowed his eyes a bit and then laughed. "Easy." He replied.

"Easy?" God asked, curiosity on His face as he turned to the earth.  It was quiet. Too quiet. "What did you do?" God asked slowly, watching the earth spin peacefully. "I mean seriously, what did you do?"

James sat up, a proud look upon his face. "Simple really. It only took three small miracles to calm them down. " 

God turned to His surrogate and raised an eyebrow. "Only three?" He questioned, His face screwing up into something that no human face should ever do. Though, He was not human, so it didn't matter.

"Yep, just three." James said and stood, walking over. "First, I sent Muhammed back to the Muslims to set them straight." He said with a laugh. "That one was actually rather funny. I think they're still trying to recover, and doubt they ever will." Shrugging he then slowly spun the globe around and pointed to Russia. "Russia found a last surviving heir to the throne, who loves peace and capitalism, and punted Putin and his cronies to..." James paused here "Well I don't know exactly, but he's not here, and not down there, I checked with Satan; so he's alive somewhere...just out of the picture.  And for the US..." he spun the globe once more and smiled. "I gave them Half Life Three."

God blinked as He watched. "Well Damn me..." He said, vanishing in a poof of brimstone.  

Elsewhere:  

Satan sat pooring over his records when there was a flash in his office. "The local time is, 7:33 PM, the average temperature is Hellish...thank you for using the Satan hell portal..."  Looking up he blinked at God and sighed. "Again?" He asked slowly.  God only nodded. "You know the drill. Third door on the left."

(writing style inspired by Terry Brooks, and the Simpsons.)