"What's your name, doctor?" The man standing in the light of a low wattage bulb asked the younger man slumped on the floor against the cold brick of the basement. Thomas, standing, wasn't sure why the man looked so lifeless. He hadn't hurt him, not yet anyway.

"Robert." Said the slumped man. He was dressed in a tux today. Usually he was in more typical scientist wear but Thomas figured he had been going to a reception or something. Too bad Thomas' plan had interrupted that.

"Do you know who I am, Robert?" Robert shook his head. He couldn't believe that today of all days something like this happened. How ironic.

"That's okay. That's good, even. I don't know who you are. I just know you're a scientist, and scientists are my favorite. Do you know why?"

Robert shook his head. He didn't really care why Thomas was doing what he was doing. As far as Robert was concerned, this is what he deserved.

"Because I'm a scientist too! A psychologist. I even have a doctorate. But I never got along with the board of ethics for... Obvious reasons." Thomas had a lot of tools laid out now. Robert hadn't been paying attention. Sharp things, long implements and various heating devices. 

"So now I practice on whoever I want, and they haven't gotten me yet. Trading lives for knowledge is the easiest choice I ever made. People can be replaced but knowledge... Is eternal." Robert stirred and looked up at the man above him, studying him for the first time. As Thomas looked down at the man looking up at him, he noticed something unsettling. Many of the scientists he had brought here had a calculating, assessing stare on their face the whole time, and they were the troublesome ones. Robert had been devoid of this... Until just now.

"Why?" Asked Robert. Thomas grinned. Curiosity was his favorite. Such a scientific emotion. One of the few.

"Becau-!"

"Why not someone like you?" Robert cut Thomas off. That was new. "Someone who wouldn't have thought twice about doing it? Who wouldn't be eaten by this guilt now? Who would push forward without a look behind at all of *them*?"

Thomas looked with renewed interest at his subject. He had been going to hurt him early, since he wasn't being very interesting, but perhaps Thomas had misjudged. Robert wasn't asking these questions to Thomas, he was asking himself. A scientist in the middle of an epiphany would be very interesting to watch.

But Robert already knew the answer to the questions he had asked. It had to be someone like him because otherwise the choice didn't matter. If he didn't feel guilty, someone else would. Maybe everyone else would. Maybe they should. He hadn't wanted to choose between lives again, but here he was. At least the choice was easy this time. Thomas wasn't paying much attention, and Robert pulled himself up off the floor.

Thomas looked into Robert's face and was confused. The looks he'd worn before were gone. He looked... Suddenly, Robert lunged for one of Thomas' tools. Thomas reacted too slowly. Thomas recognized the look on Robert's face now. Determination.

Robert had pinned Thomas down, after a struggle. The other so-called scientist wasn't actually very strong. Looking up into his eyes, Robert above Thomas raising a hammer, Thomas asked one more question.

"Who are you?"

"I am death, destroyer of worlds." Said J. Robert Oppenheimer.