As the film developed, I began to make out a much more youthful version of myself, asleep in my bed. Aw, my old bed, back before the missus moved in. Before she made a much more honest man of myself. I flip the photo over to my dog Lowk. "Look boy, I bet you're hiding under those blankets." I gave him a smile, he licked my hand and took off around the corner out of the darkroom. I went back to developing. Looking at the dozens of photos I took throughout the day, going to all my old spots and getting memories I thought long past lost.

With this camera I could solve the unsolvable crimes of the area, nah, that sounds too hard, I thought to myself. I would have to do way to much research and figure out the exact time the crimes occurred and time the shot, no way. The camera seemed to open a window to the past but it seemed to be 10 years 8 hours and a few minutes, not just a flat 10 years. So this afternoon I took photos of my buddies old hang out spot and got some great shots of what we did later that day 10 years ago. Kind of glad we hung out behind the same store almost every night.

The front door opened and I heard my wife's keys jingling. I'm going to have to share this tool and secret with her. Maybe she can figure a way we can turn out rich from it, she was always the bright one. I continued scanning over the developing film. Glancing over the photos of the day, or I guess the night.

There was Alex doing some sort of flip on his skateboard. Jacob rolling what I assume isn't tobacco. and my wife Gwen, as beautiful as the day we met. Matter of fact, she does look awfully close to the image of her 10 years ago. I ran over to my old shoe box in my night stand, and started flipping through the old Polaroids. Man, I wish I had her youthfulness. I took the old Polaroids with me back into my darkroom, threw them on the counter, and went back to reminiscing.

That's when I spotted it. The photo from early, the one I showed Lowk. A dark figure with a white face lay in the back ground, almost like a trick of the light coming in through the window. It's eyes were wide and agape, piercing a million tiny needles into me, the hair all over my body stood on end. I quickly scanned the room, almost expecting someone in the room with me now. My dog ran into the room, scaring the shit out of me "Damnit Lowk, go lay down!" I yelled pointing at his dog bed. I didn't need him startling me even more, he whined and collapsed down. My mind was racing, My heart felt like it was going to implode, I began trying to discredit the image. A trick of the light, maybe I had the TV on. But then I noticed the sign a foot beneath this ghastly things face. The sign read, "Get out. It's not your wife."

My dog whined again as the cloth to the room was pushed aside.

"Honey- What are you doing in here?" It asked.