-"Well i'louks like ma luck 's come naer."
+"jyour luckq has come to an end azizi"
-Ta nam's Patrick m'boey!
+Ahh my zdear fvriend, please, be my guest, make jyour zthe vfirst wish so that I coulid wish jyou zthe same blessing. 

The two stare at each other, equally confident in the superiority of their own cleverness, sure that, after one trick of a wish, they will have at least two wishes coming their way. 

-Wael tenn if tis layk that weayl haven't no qwurilen'at'all. Ma thaird wesh is thaet we each end safe and 'appily back in aar own hearth. Yuu in yar potty-cup thar fer all eaterniteee  en' me under' ma tree with me little doar that opens an' closes se nicely. Each ta thar own house than. 

+Ya ibne al gahwa!! How vfery neyse af youu! Zthere is no plece like home, you are very true! So ef I may essk of zyou, a humbale wish! You livee in dirit and I livfe in goweld! Let my houwze be zyour houwze and yhour howz be mine. For all eternity, may it be so! I inzist mmayy vfriend! 

-Ya sodded skundral yeew! Ahem sarry not youu ma'lad! A lil wee gnat don bit me in ma scrotam! Ya pour soule ye, livvin in 'at theree kettle all' yer life! I thinks a shuld 'elp ye. Free ya of yuer berdens! My wish is thet'all the spells an hexes that tuerment ye seul so be released. I wish that hwhoever lives' n that lantern ther be neer bound ta livvin inside, may it be tha faiynest gold-lanntarn castle eer concived, freeey fram any spells an' obligations. Fit right for a leprechaun, not a wee lil thing but five stories high. And a doar, a nice big doar thet opens 'an closes. Aeven weekly deliveries, lorries faaall ta' tha brim with eer thing a leprechaun's or genies heaart ma' disaire !! 

+Ah you ahre a vfery wiyse and noubel man. I could dwish youh no harma. Such a wonederfuwel kerachterr! How could I evfer leve from you, littele brozther! So my wish iz thdeez. May you not have your dthird weish!! Haha! 

-Fewken lil gnat yeeew, baetten me ass so, yew littel baestaerd!! Got ya ye lettel basterd! 

He pulls out a tiny little miniature insect and squishes it. 

-So may 'thes hear be mae farewell! I wish yew ta not bea the resident of that thar latern, I wish ya to have always been the resident of  that other lantern thar, that shanney new one, and I wish ye ta never be free till som'one kicks or scratches at yer shinny knew lantarn. An they'll be yer new new mastter till ye gives em three wishes too! Back tta wherr ya started! 

Strange blue vapors and cracks in time appear, the two lanterns disintegrate, come together to one gold lantern, do a mini supper-nova, and collapse into a black hole that starts to suck in the Genie. As he is pulled into the time hole, he yells his final wish

+I I wvish, you always (You aar a evil littel green mann, yuu know? Your life is zthe A-hole life ! ) I wish youer greed nevfer make youeh happy! You always chaes my lattern full of gewld for alll eternity to the ends of theee... rainbow!!! 

As he is stretched and pulled into the wormhole he yells
+Mye bad, nowt, rainbow, zthe word I ment to say was eearth! Chase my gold lantern to the end of the earth! How foolish to chgase a rain-bow!! Hahahahaha

A green vortex appears from where the genie's mouth was before it was sucked in completely. It pulls in Patrick as he runs away. It pulls him in, but as it does, the black hole and vortex  both shrink to a dott and the leprechaun falls on his butt. The green vortex sends a blue lightning  bolt to the squished gnat, it briefly briefly springs to life, collapses, and a blue soul-like light races into the the black hole as both dissappear dissappear with a blue puff. 

And this is how the genie was bound forever to be trapped in a lantern retroactively. Repeating a punishment caused by its own effect.
 So too in the genie's wish, a misplaced parenthetical, abbreviating swear words, and not remembering the word "earth"began the story of the leprechaun with a wish from the end.
The Genie himself, born of the soul of the gnat squished by the Irishman whose entire existence was changed by said Genie-Gnat. 
A cause-and-effect defying time mystery that never actually could exist on our own timeline