"Johnson, we got another code five oh seven."

It was all I could do to not bang my head against my desk. Repeatedly. "Rick, does it have to be me?" 

The portly man turned to me and said sympathetically. "Sorry Matt, but it does. After your little 'drug bust' turned out to be glitter for a first-grader, chief has made it clear you get every job on the shit-list." 

I was still convinced we had been duped on that job, but I kept my mouth shut. Last time I brought it up chief Vick had almost fired me. I sighed deeply and got up. Code 507 meant that the trio had been sighted again. It happened so often that we had separate code *just* for them. 

Grumbling, I left the police station and went to my cruiser. I spoke into the radio, "where was the last sighting, Rick?" 

"Near the Goldman Sachs international building, near..." he paused, probably pulling up a map, "Ah...near the intersection of fleet street and Fetter lane. Good luck, man," he finished, completely insincerely. 

I could just see him wearing that smug little smile on his face in my head. I said something impolite and turned off the radio. 

I drove through the crowded street of London. These assholes couldn't have picked any other time than 4 pm? Traffic was moving at crawl. 

This was the fifth call this month. They were always causing some public disruption or other, thinking they were "wizards." They actually had wooden sticks that they claimed vigorously were their wands. They weren't insane I was pretty sure. They were just high. Constantly. I was pretty sure they were high 90 percent of he time. The times we were called in was just when they were bad enough that people bothered to call the police. 

I finally arrived at the building, and sure enough, the three were standing there...under a bed sheet.

Why me?

I parked my cruiser by the curb and started moving towards them. They whispered among themselves excitedly, as if trying to keep their voices low. I finally walked up to them. "Erm...what the hell are you doing?"

The short one, made *shhh* noise to the rest, still not coming out of the sheet. My freaking life. "I can see you, you know. And hear you."

A series of gasps went up from them, and I pulled the sheet from them.

"You can see past the invisibility cloak?!" The short one seemed genuinely shocked. 

"No," I explained gently, "this is just a normal sheet." *With some suspicious looking stains on it.* 

"Ha!" Now the girl was talking. "You probably have some sort of counter-spell, this cloak was given to Harry by Dumbledore himself, and he would never lie."

Oh right, the ever present Dumbledore. He was an insane guy. But also insanely rich. I'm pretty sure he was the one who provided them with drugs for his own sick amusement. Of course they trusted him completely.

"No, I've told you," fighting to keep myself calm, "Dumbledore is either insane, or a liar. Probably both."

"Whatever, I'll let you guys off this time, standing under a sheet his hardly worth arresting you guys for." *Plus the paperwork would be hell.*  

Before I could say anything else the short one said screamed, "*Stupefy!*" and *threw a rock at me.*

I cursed as the rock struck me in the nose. Hard. I blinked tears out of my eyes and the girl yelled, "RUN!" 

It could never be easy.

I took after them as they sprinted away. I was catching up to them when they got on some metal scooters, they called them "broomsticks" and sped away. 

I stopped running, I would never catch them now, they would disappear into the side streets. 

Whatever. It really wasn't worth it. I went back to the station, reporting I had never found them. Rick saw me when I came back in.

"I thought you were catching junkies, not getting plastic surgery, Matt."

"Shut up, Rick," I said irritably and went to get an ice pack. 

***
If you enjoyed, check out my new subreddit [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/)