Once we had been the most powerful heroic duo the world had ever seen, Lady Justice and Judgement. She always thought those names were silly, but I was the one who thought that we needed strong heroic sounding names when we first started out. In revenge, she was the one who got to pick our catch phrase, "And Justice for All!" I could always see the mirth in her eyes when she said it, no matter what situation we were in.


When we were invited to join the hero group The Guardsmen, she was the one who convinced me that joining it would be the right move, that we would have others who we could call friends and share our secret. The reality was that she was the real hero. Super strength, speed, flight, and near impervious skin; it was like she had walked straight out of the pages of a comic book. It was my Isabella who had the truly heroic powers. I always joked with her that I was just a fraud or a chameleon, borrowing her powers for a few hours as we battled villains, cultists, aliens, and robots. Yet, despite the fact I borrowed her powers temporarily, she never made me feel like the lesser of our duo.


I still remember sitting atop the headquarters building one night, her leaning back and cradled in my arms when she said, "Marcus, you have one of the most miraculous powers. You can borrow any power, get to experience new things, be different heroes. I wish I could steal your power just for a day."


I laughed, "I'm just a copycat and you know it's only temporary. Heck if it wasn't for the fact you let me touch you before every fight, I'd never even be a hero." I stifled off any response by exploiting her one weakness, tickles. I can still remember her laughter ringing out clearly into the night sky.



I thought we were invincible, that her powers and our teamwork, that our love could beat anyone or anything. How wrong I was. 


Graviton, an alien who could manipulate the very gravity in a small area around him. Nothing could get close enough, no one could hit him, I couldn't even think of getting close enough to touch him. Yet, despite defeat after defeat, with our team exhausted, bloody, and bruised she finally broke through his gravitational shield. Standing over him victoriously, her costume ripped to shreds, her face covered in blood and her hair smeared with dirt and grime, I can still remember her smirk when she glanced over at me and said, "And Justice for All!" 


We noticed to late that Graviton's death had triggered something else. A minuscule black hole as she suddenly collapsed to one knee, a look of strain on her face. 


She looked at the rest of us and yelled, "Go! Run!" yet I knew what she was about to do when her eyes met mine. 


"No Ise!" I screamed as our teammates began to scatter as fast as their cowardly legs and powers could take them. 


I reached out to her and grabbed at her hand, maybe together we could do something with her powers. 


"You know only I can do this. Please, I love you. I'll always love you. remember that." Her voice whispered as she flung me away. 


The last thing I remember is flying back through the air as she grabbed Graviton's body and flew straight up into the sky. She died somewhere up there in the cold vacuum of space.


Our so-called friends, our allies, they tried to placate me, to reassure me that her end must have been quick and painless. That she sacrificed herself for the greater good. Yet, it kept playing through my mind that any one of them could have sacrificed themselves instead of her. Instead they all fled like cowards and left her to die. I discovered the truth that day, that there were no heroes, just cowards dressed up in costumes. The only real hero died the day that Graviton was defeated. 


Yet, I discovered something else that day. Ise's parting gift to me - that with her death the powers that I borrowed from her at that last moment did not fade away with time. I don't think I even realized it until a few days later. I had retreated to our personal sanctuary, our old base of operations to get away from the hypocrites and cowards in the Guardsmen. In anger, I punched a wall and my fist went right through it; no pain, no effort, I still had Ise's powers. I knew then what I had to do. To show the world that these so-called heroes were fake, that none of them could match her. That their betrayal would not go unpunished. That they would face judgement.


I started with Dr. Dream, his telepathic abilities were the cornerstone of coordinating the group and he might warn the others if I did not take him out quickly. He never saw it coming despite his powers and I absorbed his telepathic ability. It would serve me well in hunting down the rest of them. 


I used his abilities to find Tungsten, the man of steel, and the group's leader. While his physical transformation was not the strongest ability in the group his loss would hit them rest of them the hardest. It would put them in disarray. Then it was Midnight, her ability to shift through shadows and manipulate darkness would make it easier to hunt down the others. More importantly she was almost impossible to find if she wanted to hide and I had to eliminate her before she had ample warning. I absorbed her powers and began the hunt for the rest. Yet, somehow a warning got out and they realized what had happened. They ran like they cowards they were and I began the long task of tracking them down.


Inferno, Jackhammer, Screamo, Destiny, and the White Witch. Every one of them eventually fell and my powers grew. It was all because of Ise's gift, it had shown me that none of these heroes deserved the title, none of them deserved the accolades, the praise. In the end they all just ran, they abandoned each other just as they had abandoned her. And while other hero groups tried to stop me, I was already stronger than any of them combined and so I took from them as they had taken from me. 


Orphan was the hardest to find. He could manipulate time in small increments, even create small 'time bubbles' that could capture opponents. His power was draining however and overuse could drain his actual life, causing him to age. Yet, despite that he used and abused his power, running from me time after time. He would rather die a coward then face the punishment he deserved.


Once I found him for the last time he was nothing but an old and withered man, barely able to walk. His skin covered in wrinkles and blotches, his hair falling out. 


"Look at you, so pathetic. You spent what little time you had left running, just as you ran and left her to die. For what. Time to face Judgement." I reached out with my hand and grasped his head holding his face up to mine. 


"Wait! Wait!" he softly gasped. "I knew her secret, I knew and I saved her. I went back and I saved her."


"SAVED HER!" I screamed into his face. "YOU LEFT HER TO DIE! YOU ALL LEFT HER TO DIE!" I began to slowly crush his skull as he mumbled more pleading words, lost to my incoherent rage. I was so full of anger I forgot to take his power and I watched the light in his eyes snuff out.


With the last of them dead I retreated to the old Guardsmen headquarters. I had meted out my justice and I cared about nothing else in the world. On occasion, a group of heroes would come to challenge me or villains would come to try to convince, cajole, or mistakenly threaten me to join their cause. I broke each one of them as well and took their powers. None of them deserved it, not one of them even came close to measuring up to her.


It was 19 years later when the last one arrived. I had thought they had learned to leave me alone in my misery. I thought they had learned their lessons but apparently one more wanted to challenge me. I knew the media had blown me up to be a monster and I no longer cared if I was. I knew who the true monsters were and I had slain them long ago. 


I watched through the eyes of the familiars I had gained from the powers of the White Witch as the figure approached the compound. It was a girl, short and slender, her head covered by a hood. She stopped in front of the gate and flipped it back revealing amber curls and bright blue eyes. The familiars scattered and my vision faded for a moment as the shock coursed through me. I looked toward the security cameras to make sure but it was the same. Her eyes, they were Ise's eyes. I watched as her face scrunched up in concentration, just as Ise's had done when she was trying to figure out a difficult situation. I saw the same joyful smile spread across her face as she came to a decision. Her face followed the same soft lines even if the color of her hair matched mine. 


I knew then that I had finally found a new purpose. Here was someone who would become a true hero, if I could mold her, challenge her, show her the greatness within her. She would be as great as her mother and one day she would surpass even me.
