Jim took notice of everyone who beamed in through his teleporter, a five spaced Star Trek-like stage tucked curiously into the corner of his galactic bar. It served as an entrance of sorts Jim figured, placed where he might have had a front door on his home planet of Earth. Out here, however, patrons burned into a bright blue haze of light, alerting Jim to the presence of new customers. While the flashes were becoming more and more background noise, such as the old space freighter sound system he had reclaimed (one that struggled to play Earth music from the planet's primitive technology), there was very little chance of Jim not catching sight of the two new characters to have beamed in. 

Jim watched carefully from the mirrored shelf that his glassware sat upon as the two made their way to a booth, not terribly suspicious but just fast enough to ensure that anyone trying to check them out would have to be fast. As a space bar nestled in the transit area for many freighters and their star runners (as the galactic truck drivers would call themselves), most of the other patrons took little to no notice at all of the newcomers. Those that did realised very quickly that they care nothing for who they are and what their story might be. 

Our barman, however, never took his eyes from them. From their hustle from the teleporter to their chosen booth made of strange non-Earth wood (as black as charcoal, with not a hint of light reflection granted anywhere), Jim had sized them up fast. The shorter of the two tried to hide scaly skin under a high-collared Ravager coat, three-clawed gloves and a wide brimmed hat. In fact, it took the lighting of his Dust pipe briefly illuminating the face for Jim to confirm it as something reptilian. 

The companion was tall and lithe, sporting a similarly obfuscating collar and gloves, but the writhing strands of dark but glowing hair gave away their Stalkish origins. Indeed, the excessive height and walk that truly looked more like a ghostly glide would have given it away, but the lack of headwear to hide the black lips and moon-pale face made it much easier. Jim placed the last wet whiskey glass, now dry, on the shelf and began his rounds of tables and booths, checking on drinks. 

"It's less than half a Pan-Galactic cycle!" the reptile hissed as Jim cleared the empties from the booth next to theirs. "Our time is running out, we'll need to make extra runs to capitalise before that shithole of a space rock gains its Union membership and, with it, Pan-Galactic protection." As Jim was making his way back to the bar with dirty glasses, the Stalkish one called out, clear but low "Two Burners in short vessels, please." 

Jim feigned keen concentration on his drink making whilst maintaining a keener eye on the two in their booth. The reptilian seemed panicked, frustrated. The friend appeared unfazed and aloof, while still cautious enough to keep their profile low. One part distilled freighter fuel, two parts strained of a strange water from a planet Jim never bothered to pronounce. For added kick, he dropped some Earth gunpowder in the mix; a home twist on a galactic classic. 

Nearing the booth again, the voices of the two carried further and Jim strained less to hear what was being said. 
"Dirt is a nothing planet. It's people fleshy and vulnerable. Their inclusion in the Pan-Galactic Union is probably a sympathy act, or the pet project of some Senate actor vying for brownie points in the coming election. Worry less, little friend. There's going to be very little security focus on Dirt for a few dozen cycles yet." The Stalkish set down a ghostly handful of the Galactic marbles used as physical currency in the outer reaches. And by pirates and smugglers. 

"What if you're wrong? What if the PGU starts sending its Darkwings to the Sol System once Dirt gains membership? Our gig will be done for! Don't forget we have orders to fill for the Zayn." The reptile seemed to recoil as the word Zayn found its place in the air, hanging like a bad memory that even seemed to disturb the Stalkish. 
"Lets cross that galaxy if it comes to that." came the reply, the Stalkish then felt the kick of the gunpowder in their burner. "We need to add more numbers if we want to keep our words, and our heads."

Jim had moved to the nearby booth to wipe down the tables made of galaxy marble, showing glistening and moving solar systems in its hard, always cold surfaces. Initially, Jim had thought it tacky; why on Earth would a star runner want to stare at something in a table that they see for most of their lives. Maybe it was the familiarity, or the stark reality that for all the stars these galaxy marble tables reflected, it was all truly empty in the end. 

His panel vibrated in his apron pocket and he retrieved it to see a message from Evie. "Just Rax scanned a star freighter out here. I think we've found them. Pulling registration data now. Will send IDs when I have them." Jim slipped the panel back into the apron. His gut was nudging him, he had a hunch what Evie would find. Five floors above him, at the landing pad for docked star freighters, the young and eager Evie was jacking into the PGU local mainframe for records of who owned the old rig that was carrying nearly 50,000 Earth hostages in its cargo hold. [cont]