"-well, he did *stab* someone with it, you know," said a voice from the back of the hall.  "I'm unsure if anything could be more indicative than being used to kill, wouldn't you say?"

I found myself before a one-eyed man, kneeling on both knees below him, head bowed, without the slightest recollection of how I got there or why I was in that position. The man was indeed large, but not in the physical sense. Important. Wizened, for sure, yet there seemed an energy about him. Apparently, he was also grumpy. His one eye looked down dully, as if expected to contemplate the life of an ant or a slug. It was so cold, numbing. Frozen.

"Pah, ha!" the man spat with a laugh. "Clever, as always. Though I half expect you have something to do with this, Loki."

"It is always Loki," grumbled another man, much younger and thicker of beard. "A spatula is a tool of housewives! Kitchen warriors! Send him back to Hel, noone is welcome in Valhalla if calling such a 'weapon'."

The room began to shake. A tall, beautiful woman wearing a colorful amulet stood and glared at the younger man, prompting him to sit and grumble. "Tell your son to mind his tongue, or I'll have it out," she said, forcefully. She played with the amulet at her neck as the sunlight fell about her, giving full display of her figure and form. The urge to blush bubbled deep within, but it was as if everything in me was also at standstill, stagnant. I couldn't even move. "Just because he's a dolt doesn't mean the rest of us need to be soiled with his nonsense." 

The old man locked his eye with hers while a low chuckle eminated from behind me, as if I was the only to hear it. "We shall resolve this tomorrow. There has already been enough 'debate' today." Without further adieu, sounds of the hall emptying echoed off the walls, apparently having been quite full. The young man and the woman with the necklace stepped down and out without speaking. After it was quiet, the old man approached, stepping slowly but decidedly.

"Well, isn't that peculiar?" he seemed to ask the empty room. "Are you awake in there?" He grabbed a flask from his belt and took a swig. After a gulp, he breathed slowly into my mouth. The stiffness dissipated and I collapsed to watch my skin turn from palest of pale blue to healthy and normal. My feeling returned.

"Aaahh aaaargh." My voice apparently hadn't.

"It'll take some time. My great hall is not quite what you may be used to. The rules here are very different than where you are from."

I nodded, I could feel the sunlight fall, it was quite the beautiful day, it turns out.

"You've caused a stir. You'd expect we'd have been visited by a jöttun or a troll, or something. And, yet, a dead human draws a crowd."

"Arha?"

"Well, it's not every day Hel requests our opinion on whether an exception be made. Truth be told, she's usually quite cold."

"Ah."

"Something is *wrong* in Asgard, little human. The Vanir and Aesir are tense. It is almost like the old days, and that would be good for no one. War? Pah, there are more pressing concerns and to be torn apart now? I couldn't bear it. And your realm wouldn't survive it."

"Uh-huh."

"I need your help, human. Someone like you is too small to notice here. Help me piece my kingdom back together. Succeed, and I'll advise Hel to let you go."