I couldn't help but stare, slack-jawed at the woman.

There wasn't much to do while working at the public market, forced to man stand while my mother gossiped with every person in sight. And once exhausted all avenues of conversation about squash, that basically left people watching.

As a result, I would honestly say I'm rather good a reading people.

This woman wasn't lying.

She was, or at least believed she was several hundred years old. 

How does one respond to that? 'How was the squash in the 1700s?' or 'I bet your glad they stopped with the whole leeches thing.' both seemed highly inappropriate.

She looked bemused at my confusion.

"I have not seen the gift of chains in many generations." She casually picked up a rather ripe squash, examining it as if we weren't having this conversation. "You should be more careful Johnathan, there are others far less benevolent than I am."

My breath hitched as what felt like a icicle was rammed up my spine.

It too me a moment to compose myself.

"H-how did you know my name?" Why did my mouth feel like I spent five minutes gargling sand. "Do you also know the Names?"

Her bemusement didn't fade as she laid down the squash, and began examining a carton of blueberries.

"No Johnathan, I don't. Your gift is rather unique. My... shall we say 'Talents' were learned over many centuries of trial and error. I might be able to mimic your gift my reading your memory, but I lack the potency that yours grants. To see the chains that bind the soul is a gift that can change the course of history. I suspect you never thought much of it"

I looked around, past her and scanned the crowded market. I'm glad my mother always chooses this remote spot to 'stand out' from the other stands. It was only 20 ft but it kept most of the crowd away.

I leaned forward. "What is the gift of chains? Who are you? Why are you here? Who are you saying I sh-"

She held up a hand. There was a firmness in her eyes that silenced my tongue. She seemed to pause a moment in recollection, her silence ringing in my ears.

"When souls are cast from the Ur-Primordium, they are flawlessperfect. Yet this does not mean that they cannot be marred. There are many things that can do so, but the first and perhaps most significant, is naming. The act of naming something is much like branding, a mark of owner ship. When a parent names a child they are saying that 'this child is mine', binding them to their parents, connecting them to the parent's forebearer, who named them, and to the to the forebearer's forebearer and so on."

She shrugged, grabbing one of many tomatoes and taking bite of it. Her sharp teeth making short work of it, the leaking from the corners of her mouth.

"While this is not done out of cruelty or greed, it is never the less harmful, especially when a child is most vulnerable, right after birth. Naming the child restricts them. It defines them. They lose true agency, their possibility becomes limited. And as they grow, the chains become part of them, it becomes who they are. Freedom from them scares them."

Mirth danced across her eyes as she licked each finger clean.

"To slip the chains is to be granted true agency once more, to learn what you truly are. Few are capable of it, but it grants power beyond what those that limit themselves can see. Some call it magic, others chi, it never the less the same."

She pointed a single finger against my chest, right above my heart.

It felt like it would pierce right through.

"Your gift allows you to know the chains that bind them, and thus help shed them. Those that seek true agency would use that to aid them in their quest, and those that seek true agency are rarely kind. So be warned, and grown."

She turned to leave, I managed to force words through my numb lips.

"Why...?"

 She paused.

"Why me?"

A glance over her shoulder, her eyes glowed with... With... Something.

"... I suspect you where unexpected, your parents not having a name for you at birth. Being free of names gave you insight into what it means to be free. You know what it means, what to look for... and how to do it."
