My alarm buzzed, and I roused myself from sleep. In a few minutes, the sun would be up and I would have breakfast. I shuffled to the dining room in my robe and slippers and sat in my comfortable chair beneath the domed glass ceiling. I de-robed just as the sun moved to the optimal position. The domed glass focused the rays of light on my body like a giant magnifying glass. The chlorophyll in my skin soaked in the light, and after a brief moment, I felt full and energized.

I showered, got dressed, grabbed my backpack and a bottle of water and walked outside. A transport pod arrived and I got in. It whisked me away to work. I am one of the few people who chooses to work. Turns out, when people don’t need to worry about where their next meal is coming from, things become a lot more relaxed. 900 years have passed without conflict. I watched the sky thinking of the hundreds of space stations orbiting the Earth. When I arrived at the research facility, I finally had to look down as I walked through the doors.

The interior of the building was not much different from the exterior except for bright lamps that remained on 24/7 to maintain a constant, stable, controlled environment. Rows of trees lined the center courtyard surrounded by large glass rooms containing various equipment. The glass and metal walls arched overhead to a circular point. The portal at the center of the ceiling would open around lunchtime to let more natural light in.

A thousand years ago, just after the genetic altering that introduced chlorophyll into the human genome, the planet was on the brink of disaster. Hundreds of species were going extinct every year. Bees and other pollinators fared no better. Eventually, many of the fruits and vegetables humans enjoyed died off as well. For a time, what remained became a commodity enjoyed only by the wealthy. Seed banks depleted due to their cravings. One last societal upheaval finally reformed civilization to what we know today.

I, and my team, had been working for 40 years on a project to, perhaps foolishly, bring back the fruit known as the apple. Years and years of research, reverse engineering, and a fair amount of creating DNA from scratch had culminated in a small harvest. A week of thorough testing later and today was the day we planned the first human consumption of food in almost a thousand years.

I stood in the largest lab at the facility. A large bowl of apples sat on a table. Chairs were lined and ready for the press conference later that day. I was alone, reviewing my notes. Everyone else had walked outside to enjoy lunch; it was a good day for it since the sun was bright and there were only a few clouds. I was too excited and nervous to go out for lunch.

I looked at the bowl. Then around the room. I’d had a thought. I acted on it.

I picked up one of the apples. My hands were shaking so badly with nerves that I accidentally dropped it and it quickly fell back to the table. Then to the floor. I bent down and picked it back up. I brushed it off. The light outside had dimmed a little, so I knew my colleagues would be coming back in soon.

I took a bite. Then another. And another! It was delicious! Soon it was gone and I felt fuller than ever before.

I heard a noise and quickly hid the apple's remains. I looked up just as a group of colleagues walked through the door. I smiled and waved. They returned the gesture and then slowed down. I made a show of looking at my notes so they wouldn’t think anything was suspicious. I looked back up a moment later confused as to why they had not sat down yet. They were still walking slowly. My confusion grew when I heard them talking. They were stretching their words to where I almost couldn’t make out what they were saying.

A strange feeling in my head stopped me from commenting on the oddity of their joke. It must be side effects from the apple; documentation! I had to write down what was happening. I grabbed a nearby pen and tablet. I noted how my head felt first, then how the pen and tablet felt like they weighed nothing at all. My heart began pounding harder than I have ever felt, and even harder still when I made my third note. The sun was still up.

Why was the sun still so high in the sky? It should be over the horizon by now. When you survive by the light of the sun, you become very familiar with when and where it is supposed to be. Especially after living for 100 years. Three meals a day, and another three while I slept at night. I could easily predict where it should be. Now it just hung there as though it were not moving at all.

I looked back up. My colleagues had slowed down even further. I panicked. Sure that I was going to die I turned to the whiteboard behind me and uncapped a marker. The cap flew across the room. The pen slipped through my fingers, and, in an act not performed in hundreds of years, I instinctively caught it before it hit the floor. It fell so slowly!

I scribbled "DON'T EAT THE APPLES!!" on the board and ran past my colleagues out of the facility toward the transport pod bay. Every instinct in my body was screaming to get somewhere safe, and to me that meant I had to get home. Now! A pod with a nearly dead battery scooted in front of me. I prayed it had enough power to get me home and I opened the door. The door tore off its hinges. I screamed in frustration and before I knew it, I was running home.

Normally it would take me hours to get home on foot. This time it took minutes. I was sweating when I crawled into my bed and cocooned myself in my blankets. I pulled them so tight the stitching snapped and tore in protest.

I laid there for what felt like days. The lunchtime sun was only just disappearing when I had calmed down enough to uncurl from my bed. With the panic gone, I realized something new. I felt fantastic! It hit me, then, what was happening. I selfishly wondered if my colleagues had heeded my warning; I needed to keep this a secret. It would take some explaining, and a LOT of patience on my part, but I needed to get more apples.