Charlie read the headline again, unable to comprehend what he was reading. Willy Wonka, the demon that haunted his waking thoughts and his nightmares every single day was finally dead. The headline stated cause of death unknown, but he had a sneaking suspicion the authorties knew what had happened, but they were keeping it quiet. 

"How could you hate such an amazing man?" the shopkeeper gasped. 

Charlie knew he was part of a very small minority who knew the truth about this man. He looked up at the shopkeeper, a kindly old man who he had known for quite a few years now, "you don't know him like I did."

The man looked confused before his eyes widened, "you're name is Charlie, right?" Charlie nodded. "You aren't the Charlie who won one of the golden tickets in the store across the street are you?"

"Mmm," Charlie agreed, nodding his head slightly. 

"So what was he like, I mean, I thought he was amazing."

"He was cruel and evil. He took innocent lives all for his amusement," Charlie trailed off. His stomach turned and his eyes widened, he'd said too much. He wasn't allowed to talk about what happened, he'd come after him. He glanced at the newspaper and back at the shopkeeper. No, he was dead, he couldn't hurt him any longer. He swallowed hard and continued. "That book, the one everyone bought, it was nothing but a work of fiction. No one seemed to notice of cause, they were all so blinded by his public face that no one realised I was the only one to escape. It was reported all the kids left the factory with their parent, but none of them did, not even me."

"What happened? What really happened?" 

"I was in such awe when I first saw him. He was a little weird, but his smile made me feel so safe. He was my hero and I idolized him. I wasn't scared of him or the factory. We were led inside by him. Once the large front doors closed, his persona changed like a switch. My grandfather, he had grabbed me and pulled me behind him as soon as it happened. He'd begged to go with me, he used to work in one of the factories, only said good things about him, but looking back, his reaction to his sudden change, he knew the truth."

"The truth?" the shopkeeper interjected, pulling Charlie back from his memories, memories that he had relived for over 20 years now. 

"That he was a monster. He led us through some long corridors, taking us through multiple doorways, changing direction at weird points. The place was built like a maze. At one point we had the squeeze through the smallest door I'd ever seen. Then we were in the most wonderful room I'd ever seen. Everything was edible, the grass, the trees, there was even a river of chocolate. Everyone went nuts in the room, but my grandfather held me back. He allowed me to grab a lollypop, but told me not to eat it, but look like I was. I was confused, but seeing the fear in his eyes I did as he said. I trusted my grandpa more then anyone else in the world and he was right. The other people, they became different, more, I don't know, agreeable." Charlie paused, he closed his eyes. The next part, he didn't want to talk about, but he'd held it in for so long now. "Augustus Gloop was the first to fall victim to Willy Wonka. 

Augustus was a big boy. His mother was exactly the same. They both loved food and the boy was eating everything in sight. Wonka noticed and I whispered something to Augustus. The boy knelt down next to the river of chocolate and put his hands in to take a drink. He screamed as he did. It was hot chocolate, but the boy drank the scalding liquid. His screams intensified. Everyone watched without reacting as Wonka walked over to him and hip checked the boy into the water." 

Charlie breathed in deeply and let out a long, shuddering breath back out. He had his fists clenched tightly, he was breaking out into a cold sweat. 

"No. The boy went home with an unlimited supply of chocolate. I remember it in the newspaper."

Charlie shook his head, "that boy never left the factory. Once he was in the chocolate, he was just gone. His mother screamed in horror, but everyone else just kept eating and watching. Then there was a weird sucking sound and then a pop. There, inside this large tube that was sucking up the chocolate was Augustus." 

Charlie had to stop again, tears began rolling down his face. "He was burned so badly his flesh was gone in places. As he was sucked up the tube, his face just pulled away like it was just a mask." Charlie couldn't continue, he backed into a display of Wonka Chocolate and sank to the floor. The old shopkeeper, perhaps realising now that something especially bad had happened, quickly locked his door and turned the sign around so it now read closed from the outside. 

"It's ok lad. He's gone. He can't hurt you now," he told Charlie softly and carefully sat down against his counter, facing Charlie. He waited patiently for Charlie to stop crying. He'd seen reactions like this before, in friends of his who fought in the war. They could barely talk about what they'd done or seen. "What happened next?"

Charlie looked up, his face tear stained and red from crying. He swallowed hard and sniffed loudly. "These little creatures appeared all around us. They were called Oompa Loompa's in the book, but they had no name, at least I never heard it. They were horrifying and they started singing and dancing in joy as they watched the tube. Singing about the dead boy and how tasty he was going to be since he was cooked in their favourite food, chocolate."

The shopkeeper gasped loudly, "They ate him?!"

Charlie shrugged, "Who knows. Augustus wasn't in the tube for too long. His body was sucked slowly though it and then he was gone. His mother, she just went quiet and we left her in there with the Oompa Loompa. I never saw her again."

"How was this kept quiet?"

"Wonka had his ways," Charlie spoke quietly. "The next place he took us to was somewhere deep inside the factory. It was some kind of lab and they were working on some kind of bubble gum. Violet Beauregarde, she loved gum and I remember Wonka whispering in her ear, even after telling us it was dangerous to eat this one because it was unstable. I wanted to stop her from doing it, but my grandfather, he had tight hold of my shoulder and he stopped me. I remember looking at him, he looked terrified. The girl, she placed the gum into her mouth and started chewing it like a robot. She spoke so quietly and robotically as she described the different flavours. Tomato soup, a main meal I can't remember, then blueberry pie. That's when she started to change. Her face started turning purple. Her body started to bloat alarmingly fast. The little creatures, they appeared again, laughing and giggling as the girl quietly moaned in discomfort. They poked her swollen body excitedly and started singing as her mother watched in silent horror. Her hands over her open mouth in a silent scream. They sang about her popping as her clothes ripped from the strain. Grandad pulled me back from the room out a different door. I heard her scream and a weird bang and a huge wet splatter. I didn't see it, but Wonka, he left the room, followed by the other people. They were all covered in purple mush. It dripped off them as they walked to the next room. I saw Wonka pull a chunk of flesh off his face and eat it..."

"He ate part of the girl?!"

"He spent the rest of the tour picking bits of her off himself and eating them."

Charlie suddenly threw up all over the floor, luckily he had skipped breakfast so it was just bile. 

"I heard her mother screaming for a moment. I say a moment as it was cut short. Grandad just kept tight hold of me and kept me walking. He never let go of me the entire time. I remember walking past a window and we were high up, somehow. I don't remember much of the girl Veruca Salt, other then before the river room she was a crazy spoiled brat who demanded everything from her father. Her end was a little more tame. She threw a tantrum in a room with a trap door that led to the incinerator. Her father had dived into the shoot to try and rescue her. They never came back."

"They burned?"

"Dunno, I guess so," Charlie shrugged. "Now there was just me, grandpa, Mike Teavee and his dad. Mike loved TV, he lived up to his name. He told me about all his favourite shows, the times they were on, the channels. He could tell me everything about any show, it was kind of crazy. When we got to the TV room, Wonka made this massive chocolate bar vanish and reappear in a TV. Well one mutter from Wonka and he had mike standing in the machine. He screamed as he was being vaporised and kept screaming even after his body was gone. You see, it was all fake. Wonka could dissolve an item, but he couldn't bring it back. It was all fake. Mike didn't stop screaming. I don't know how but it just never ended. His father broke down there and then. Wonka led me and grandpa away, this was after the little creatures sang their evil song again. It was just us now. He took us to a room with the highest roof I'd ever seen with a fan rotating at the top and told me to drink from the bottle of fizzy water on the console. I refused. Wonka smiled, this creepy big grin that looked near inhuman. Purple pieces still caked all over his body, matted in his hair. He had been waiting for someone like me to refuse him. He told me I'd won, I was to stay with him in the factory and I would take over someday. Grandpa would stay too, he had no intention of letting us go."

Continued https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/b3r0cr/wp_hes_deadfinally_that_son_of_a_bitch_got_what/ej3emyk/
