Harold stopped by the general store on his way home from work. He was an impulsive man, prone to excess, but managed to hold a steady job at the tonic water factory despite his frequent and flagrant outbursts during business hours. After the workday, he often stopped into town to fetch supplies to feed his hobby of building model deserts. On this day, he needed some extra  sand (his main staple) for his latest model of the Gobi. Once at the store, Harold spied the daily special: apples for $7 a dozen and watermelons for $12 a dozen. How curious, Harold thought. "I don't need fruit in bulk, but it seems too good an offer to pass up." He picked out two dozen apples and three dozen watermelons, hefting them in his hands to find the weightiest ones. He liked his fruit with a high water content. "A hydrated lifestyle is a healthy lifestyle," he said to himself.

Once his shopping cart was full of fruit, he wheeled it to the front of the store. "Twenty-four apples and thirty-six watermelons," he told the cashier. "Those are some remarkably divisible numbers," remarked the cashier. Harold paused to think about this revelation. It was as if he was in one of those mathematics problems he used to do in the third grade, just before his formal academic career had ended. "I need to divide these apples and watermelons among my friends," said Harold. The cashier nodded sympathetically, glad that this bumbling man had finally realized his place in the world.

The cashier needn't have worried. As the subject of a story problem, Harold could no more have chosen his fate than the inanimate apples that lay in his cart. He was compelled to divide the fruit among his friends. It seemed to Harold that he was in his own reality, a world of both free will and uncertainty. But Harold was merely a pawn in the McMillan Math Reader for Young Learners, forced to endure an endless loop of going to the store to buy inordinate amounts of fruit to divide among his friends. All this came back to Harold as he stood in the check-out line, holding a watermelon in each hand. He shook his head, as if trying to clear water out of his ear, and repeated his epiphany. "I need to divide this fruit among my friends."

Scarcely had the words left his mouth when he was struck by his second existential realization of the afternoon. He, Harold, had no friends. Not a single soul in this mathematical universe could be claimed as being in any sort of amicable relationship with Harold. At this thought, Harold dropped the two watermelons, letting them smash on the floor. He picked up another two watermelons and smashed them on the floor too. Soon all sixty pieces of fruit lay in a watery heap. "I quit this book," said Harold, and he strode out of the store.

Young Geoffrey sat at his desk, his McMillan math book open in front of him. His homework was to complete the first five exercises on page 38, all involving some stooge named Harold with a penchant for division. The page had suddenly gone blank, and Geoffrey couldn't shake the feeling that Harold had somehow lifted himself from the page into the real world. With an alarming start, Geoffrey looked at the 45 pencils and 18 dictionaries sitting on his own bed. The pencils seemed to be calling him. Geoffrey bolted for the door, but slammed against it when he found it locked. His mother had locked him in until his homework was done. Or had he always been in this room with the multitude of pencils and dictionaries? Geoffrey couldn't quite remember . . .