And then I realized, I get to find out what memories are real, and what are, well dreams.  I really want to know about the black lady, and the booby. 
 
As it turns out, there was a lot of time spent watching the baby years.  Not because I did much, but because people said so many things about me.  

Oh Janie, he looks so much like you.  

He looks so much like his Dad.  

Does he look like his Uncle?  He does.  Do you think…think about it, Janie was involved with Frank before Richard, right?

Helen, you dirty…why you might have a point!

After that, we were well into the ghetto.  And, we’re talking about the ghetto part of the ghetto where people in the normal ghetto feel sorry for us and bring us food sometimes.  I waited for it, then saw the time where someone was smoking dirt.  I thought they were, but all these years, I reasoned that it had to be weed.  Nope.  Dirt.  

I saw a lot of machine guns under the bed.  

Mom getting pumped by a fake dick from a man that already had an enormous cock anyhow.  

Slim asking me to touch his dick after I caught him combing the hair of his ass on his bed in his room.  

Then, there’s the night.  The night I was left alone in the ghetto with the t.v. on, and the front door wide open.  

Nothing happened…but my face was filled with so much fright, hiding in the corner of my mother’s room, roaches occasionally walking toward my feet, then turning quickly when I shewed them away.  I was waiting for a visit…from the men.  

They’d visited before when we lived over at Parkwood, and I had kept my eyes shut so hard while they stole our things, and watched me face to face, hoping I’d open my eyes, and they’d…do what?

Finally, we get to the booby.  

We’re all sitting in the living room at the drug house on 23rd, and Cleveland.  There are at least fourteen of us, including my mom, and step dad, and all of his friends.  They’re passing around the spoon, but my mom doesn’t participate.  She doesn’t do the hard stuff yet.  

They move the machine guns, and product to different parts of the room so they can pass out, or do other drugs.  There isn’t any logic to any of it.  I’m watching them all, but not really.  I’m numb to what they’re doing.  I’m a normal kid, so this doesn’t phase me.  I’m thinking about running outside barefoot for dimes in the summer.  

Then, step dad, he’s a different color than I am, and people look at the three of us really funny when we’re driving places in our green Ford Pinto, gets up, and says, let’s get something to fucking eat.  Let’s go to Zantigo!

Everyone is so happy that I think some of them may have tears in their eyes.  I don’t think they’re hungry.  I think they’re just happy to do some type of group outing.  We all start to leave the back of the house, and the black lady, who’s name I actually never hear, pulls her left tit out of the top of her T-Shirt with her right hand, looks at it, and says, “You wanna go too booby?”

And, as I watch the television, I smile.  It’s confirmed.  

