The world was ending, and only the Judge could save it. 

It was a simple message, easy to remember. Words that had once glimmered upon the neon marquees of New Vegas now rang throughout the obsidian plaza of the Capital. Deceit and half-truths had become the currency of what was left of Earth, and the Judge was their broker. 

Samuel shielded his eyes as the Senator’s tinted window began to lower. Even beneath his shades, the light was a hideous thing. More pressingly, the Senator risked unnecessary exposure. Samuel had encountered many setbacks on his quest to the top, but he could not come back from the dead. 

Of course, the old man harbored no ill intentions. Samuel could hear the song of the Senator’s heart as loudly as the chanting outside the dark car. Senator Leatherman had no desire to betray the man beside him; he was as honest and trusting as they came. 

Frowning, Samuel realized the Senator had taken it upon himself to let another inside. It was Haley Comika, one of the Senator’s trusted members inside the media. Samuel allowed himself to relax; her intentions were as pure as the Senator’s. 

She sought the truth. He could understand that.
 
“Ms. Comika,” Samuel greeted her once the door had closed. 

The woman brushed the dark hair from her eyes. “So, you’re traveling *with* the Senator then?” She pulled the screen from her pocket and documented the fact. “I thought for sure you’d arrive on a white horse or perhaps a regal palanquin. That is what *the Judge* would do after all.”

Samuel flashed his best grin. “I’ve had enough of putting on a show for one lifetime.” 

“And you think being elected World Leader will put a stop to that?” 

He considered her words, turning to stare at the crowd gathered outside. It had been estimated at nearly three-quarters of the country’s remaining population, well over a hundred thousand. They had come from across the seven city-states to witness his inauguration. They were waiting on the scene the reporter had described, making the mundane car a perfect means of arrival. 

“How does it feel to be just moments away from holding complete power?” Haley asked as the machine waded through the mob. “Has anything changed for you along the way? You were beloved as the head of Intelligence, do you think you can maintain nearly unanimous approval?” 

“Must we do this now?” Samuel asked. 

The woman shrugged. “Was it not you that requested the Senator to arrange an interview to – how did you put it – to reflect the man behind the Judge?”

“Fair enough.” Samuel nodded. Ms. Comika had potential. Like Leatherman, her strings would be easy enough to wrap around his fingers. But Samuel had had enough of acting on a small scale. After a decade of pulling strings, he was more than ready to control them all.

As the Complex grew closer, Samuel thought back to when he had first discovered his hidden talent. He had used it foolishly for years before discovering his purpose. Shortly after coming to the capital, he had distinguished himself from the other agents, quickly gaining control of the country’s militia. It was inside the reinforced walls of the very building to which he now rode where he had earned his name. 

For a time, Samuel had actually believed himself to be like the judges of old. He had valued his reputation as righteous and just. He had thought his work could end the countless wars, that his ability could save the world from the growing darkness and flood it with light. 

He hadn’t been wrong. He just needed to operate on a larger scale. 

“What’s the matter?” Samuel asked instinctively as the mood within the car shifted. 

Leatherman had pulled his screen from his pocket and was chewing nervously on his bottom lip. He was *undecided* on what to do. The reporter’s intentions hadn’t changed at all. 

What had the Senator seen? Samuel snatched the devise from the old man’s hands and stared at the screen in muted surprise. 

*You’ve Been Judged: World Leader to decide on the fate of every man…*

The Senator had been reading an article posted by–

“I won’t let you get away with this,” the reporter hissed as she threw open the car door and raced into the suddenly chaotic plaza. Thousands fled in every direction, throwing the old and weak to the ground in their efforts to escape.
 
Samuel watched angrily through the window as she was lost in the rush. He pulled the screen from his jacket pocket and initiated the containment protocol. There was no telling how many had already escaped. 

How had the woman known his plan? He had never written it down. Why wouldn’t she have released it before the inauguration? Unless she needed to be close to him. Unless… 

“Is it … is it true?” the Senator asked, his voice quivering. “You’re going to … judge us all?” 

The Judge nodded. “The world must change.” 
