It is as if life has become a bore to me, you know with me finally figuring out the secret to immortality, it isn't as great as everyone makes it out to be. It's one of the most popular answers to a question like if you could have one power, what would it be? Immortality. I was born on February 15th, 1999. It is now January 25th, 2500. Don't get me wrong, immortality does come with its benefits, I can basically do what I want!... but being alive for over 500 years, it's no wonder humans are only meant to last around 100. Yesterday, I had an encounter with death himself.

He handed me a business card that said, "When you realize living forever sucks, call this number, I've got a job offer for you."

"What?" I asked him.

But he was gone before I could get answer, what an ass! I am ready to rid myself of this burden, I was ready to take that job offer then and there. Anyway, I decided to wait until tomorrow to call the number on the card. I went to home to my wife, I've lost count of how many wives I've had. No one knows about my "power". How you may ask, well, have you ever asked yourself how immortality would work exactly? Do you just stay at a certain age forever? Well, no. I do die, but I am resurrected every time I die. Trust me, I've tried to out myself multiple times, but every time I will just wake up in my bed, the next morning. I get home to my wife and kids, kiss them all the forehead and sit down for dinner. 

"I had an encounter with death today." I said in a joking manner.

"Oh really?" She said.

"Yeah, he handed me this business card and told me to call this number whenever I realize life sucks."

"Hm, that's strange. Because the same exact thing happened to me as well."

"...Are yo-"

"You think you're the only one, huh? You really thought you'd be the only one to figure it out? I've known about you for a while, for the last 300 years to be exact."

I sat there, motionless with shock. How? How come I've never figured it out?

"So, are you going to sit there, or are you going to call that number?" She said.

I got up and went to the back patio to have a smoke. I decided to call the number, it rang for what appeared to be hours, but someone finally picked up.

"Hello?" I asked.

"Thank you for calling. It appears you seem be one of the chosen few, finally decided to call it quits huh? Let me just look for you fil- ah! There it is. Okay, let's see... got it, you still need 50 more victims. You have 24 hours."

*click*

What did they mean 50 victims? Do I have to kill 50 people? In 500 years of my existence I've never had any temptations to kill, but if it's what it takes to rid myself of this, it has to be done. I finish my smoke, and as I was making my way inside, my wife came out.

"You called the number too?" I asked.

"Yeah."

"How many do you need?"

"50."

"Where should we start?"

"....the kids" she said.

We went inside and both grabbed knives, and we both slowly made our way into the children's room. One for her, one for me. We made sure it was quick and painless.

49.

We decided that we should both go our own ways after the kids, so we decided to each go up and down the blocks in our neighborhood, each on separate sides. 49 quickly went from 49 to 39, then to 29. I was getting a real kick out of this, I felt powerful and invincible. The screams, the blood and the pain I am causing to the victims is something I've never experienced before, it is almost euphoric. 

1.

Everyone in the neighborhood is dead. Swat teams and cop cars all storm the neighborhood, but I've always been a quick learner and accustomed quick to killing. I was gone before they could even find me, I ran to the woods near the neighborhood. There I rendezvoused with my wife, and it appears that she too has killed all 49, all she needs is one more. We both look at each other, knowing what we have to do.

"Ready?" We said simultaneously.

We put our foreheads together, and our cold, bloodied knives against each other necks. Just one more kiss. 3. 2. 1.

End. 
