"Thank you."

"When time travel was first made practical, in 2178, the first thing it was used for was to send a box of doughnuts back in time about four hours. The second thing it was used for was to kill a man whose very name has become a byword for evil - Adolf Hitler.

Since then, the annual Kill Hitler Competition has brought death to this genocidal tyrant nearly a thousand times. He has been shot, stabbed, bludgeoned, poisoned, incinerated, drowned, blown up, strangled, and crushed. He has had his bones replaced with a nanotech skeleton at least a dozen times. He has been framed as a Jew. He has been genetically rewritten *into* a Jew. Several times he has been turned black. On one occasion, the entire Nazi leadership was sent further back in time and dropped right in front of invading Mongol hordes. On three separate occasions he has been eaten by dinosaurs.

It is an honor to stand here before such an assembly of Hitler-killing heroes and fans. Heroes, it is your tireless efforts that, death by death, bring Adolf Hitler closer to justice. Fans, it is your dedication and support that allow us to keep doing this - to keep bringing this villain to justice. So, to both heroes and fans, I say thank you. I truly could not have pulled off this run without you.

To explain why my run unfolded the way it did, I'd like to start by talking about the scoring system. In this competition, points are awarded for creativity, difficulty, and justice. For instance, runs involving sending nuclear bombs back in time to blow up Hitler at a known place and time - along with the rest of the town - are, apart from the cost of the bomb itself, fairly easy to arrange, pretty straightforward to devise and execute, and pretty much guaranteed to kill more innocent people than Nazis. The nuke strategy has given us some of the lowest point scores in the history of the game. By contrast, high scoring approaches involve higher degrees of creativity, like redesigning buildings to ensure Hitler's death, significant difficulty, like talking Hitler into killing himself, and justice - the more poetic the better - like last year's winner, who abducted Hitler, starved and shaved him, and dropped him in a concentration camp to die by his own order.

So, by raw facts, I did not kill Hitler. I did not directly plan Hitler's demise. I did not even go back as far as when he was alive, let alone further. But I am here on points, because I understand the game.

Instead of going directly to Hitler, I went back only about seventy years. in fact, I went to 2178, to the Cheetos High Energy Physics lab. I walked in the door, ate a doughnut that hadn't been cooked yet, and convinced Dr. Helmut Haire to travel back in time to kill Hitler. I watched him sacrifice his live in the attempt, and sent the recordings of his run - the first human time travel run, and the first run to try to kill Hitler - to the news media. I posted it on the CyberDugg, and on 23gag, and 90chan, and all of those old sites. I posted relentlessly, and still by the end of the week Dr. Haire was a hero. A celebrity martyr who had recognized the significance of his invention and used it to try to destroy the most evil man in recent memory.

Once the image was set firmly in the public consciousness, I used the knowledge of business deals that hadn't happened yet and political secrets that hadn't yet come to light to fund and to clear obstacles from in front of the true meat of my plan. I set into motion a plan to kill Hitler not once, but again and again, bringing him to justice in new and creative ways. 

Heroes and fans, allow me to introduce myself in a new way. I am not only the winner of this year's Kill Hitler prize. You also know me as Gunther O. Schnapp, the founder of the Kill Hitler Competition.

Thank you. For everything."