"Yes, my liege, a brilliant strategy as always. They'll never know what hit them. Until it does. Erm. Hit them. That is." A bead of sweat began to trickle down the royal Advisor's brow, adding a further shimmer to his already glistening complexion. "I shall draft a message to the frontlines at once, by your leave." The wizened visage of the King inclined consentingly before returning its gaze to the immaculately detailed model terrain of a battlefield.  His trusted Advisor bowed shallowly and shuffled out of the war room before letting out a tremendous sigh.  He'd never considered himself a particularly good liar, but it was his duty to tell the king exactly what he needed to hear. It had never been stipulated however, that what he needed to hear was the truth.

Were it not for this one idle thought, that had once happened across his mind and broke through his lips before he'd had the chance to shut it away safely where it belonged, he might have slept better these past several years. But, he was a hero of sorts. He'd saved countless thousands of lives through his valiant and heroic deception. The thought didn't give him much satisfaction. He trundled wearily through the hall praying to all the gods he'd ever read about that he could make it to his chambers unhindered for a few hours rest. He must have missed the one that might've heeded his plea, because to his dismay the grinning mustachioed face of Baldrick, one of the royal knights beamed at him expectantly. His squire, a lad named Gunter, who'd be even with him on a scale but who stood barely half his height, did his best to suck in at attention, looking not entirely unlike an overripe tomato constricted by rubber bands.

"How'd it go eh," Baldrick gave the advisor a knowing wink. "I bet the lad he'd see through this last one, reckoned he'd be a tad suspicious after that last bit of indiscretion the other week, but looks like you still got that shiny melon of yours." The guardsman forcefully flicked a copper coin over his shoulder and put an unwelcome arm around the King's most trusted confidant, accompanying him down the hall, leaving Gunter to rub a reddening coin-sized welt on his forehead.

"Chin up lad," Baldrick said brightly, "A few short years and you'll only have half as much work on your plate." He gave a short chuckle and clapped the Advisor on the back. "Well we'd best get you along then, no sense keeping the other old bastard waiting, shame that he won't be going anywhere anytime soon."

The Advisor hobbled out of Baldrick's stony grasp to the end of the empty hall and looked over his shoulder furtively, before rapping an elaborate rhythm upon the barren stonework of the wall before him. The dead end spun abruptly, taking the two men along with it.

On the other side, a crimson, crackling glow lit the way before him, casting sinister shadows down the hall. Sconces of crudely wrought iron burned with menacing flames. Baldrick made his way to what appeared to be a coatrack wrought entirely of bones, thoughtfully selected the most tasteful of the gnarled, horned helms that adorned it, before placing it on his head. He then donned a suit of armor that on the whole gave one the impression of an iron maiden turned inside out. "Alright, arms out, you know how it goes."  He eyes peered out apologetically from the skeletal visage of the helm, before he clasped the resigned advisor's wrists in chains and led him down the hall. Here and there about the hall could be seen various sorry looking souls in tattered, threadbare robes, with sunken eyes and weary faces, clothing soiled with what appeared to be blood and assorted filth. The foul entourage smiled and waved as the pair passed, and Baldrick's voice began to boom through the hall as they proceeded. "MAKE WAY SLAVES! BACK YOU FILTH!" His shouts were followed by the occasional violent thump or the crack of a whip, accompanied with wails and groans of apparent agony. One such wail gave way to a barely contained snigger, before an elbow from one of his compatriots transformed it to an appropriately pained yelp.

The pair paced the hall until they were faced with a suitably imposing doorway, set with skulls adorned with ruby eyes. The pair looked at each other reluctantly before Baldrick pounded resoundingly on the door. "Your Unholiness," he called out in an unearthly snarl. "The Advisor has been brought from the dungeons, as you commanded."

There was no response save for a dry rattle of air, a rasping, breathy noise that made one's skin crawl like the insects that were now scrabbling out of the slowly opening doors. Baldrick gave the advisor a knowing wink before pushing him through the opening and about facing to stand guard at the entrance.

Sure, he thought to himself, the Necromancer King was horrific enough. All desiccated flesh hanging off of bones, sunken abyssal eyes emitting sickly greenish light, tattered robes writhing with unspeakable insects and vermin. But it took more than that to command respect these days. Each and every legion of the damned, all the wakened dead, every foul hearted and corrupt soul he'd managed to rally had gladly returned to the foul pits from whence they came, for it seemed that their respective hells were nothing compared to the torment of menial labor. They'd renounced their Profane Lordship the instant they understood that instead of constructing immense foreboding citadels and forging innumerable skull shaped objects, they could simply stage an invasion of the capital and leave the Ruler Of All That Is Evil under the care of the King's own men, already consummate grovelers and appeasers from having dealt with their own brand of tyranny. As long as he thought his dark influence permeated the land, he didn't need to do any actual commanding of his dark armies. Though they could not break the contract that bound them to servitude, they'd found a loophole. They never had to do any evil bidding if there was no actual evil being bid.

After what felt like an age, the Advisor was thrust from the darkened depths, and the two made their way back down the torchlit halls, as Baldrick and once again made a show of roughing up the peasantry on their way back to the hidden door between the two halves of the castle. As Baldrick returned to his post in the less grim half of the castle, the Advisor finally managed to slink of to his own chambers and collapse on his bed. Before sleep took him, he couldn't help but think that things would've been easier on him at least if they'd just gone and done a proper, old fashioned war.