"You sent last month's cut to Donny yet?" Frankie asked Joey. 

"Yeah, course I sent it. You don't think I remember what happened last month?" 

"Just making sure, you don't gotta be an asshole about it."

They returned to their work, Joey sorting the dough, Frankie polishing the high-powered weapons they had lined up in sales for the following week. Johnny came into the central room of the house from the kitchen, sliding his phone into his pocket. 

"Just got off the phone with Mogadishu," he said grimmly. 

"What for?" asked Frankie. 

"You know that shipment of A70's that arrived last week?" 

"Sure I do. Made eight grand off of it." 

"Yeah well that's the last one we're getting for a month at least. Production is getting hit hard. Some kinda warlord pushing into the city." 

"...shit."

"No kidding. Those were straight profit--" It was at this moment that Mitch walked in with takeout from Tony's bistro. "All right, Mitch!"

"Let's see... spaghetti for Frankie--smooth sauce, right? Lasagna for Johnny, and...the chicken parm for Joey, yeah?" Mitch said as he passed out the styrofoam takeout containers. 

"How much do we owe you?" asked Joey. "Oh no, hanging out with you cool guys is enough. I don't need you to pay me back."

"Mitch, we don't let you hang out with us just because you buy food. Let us pay you back every now and then. Besides, you're a pretty cool guy yourself," said Frankie

"For real?" asked Mitch. The group nodded in agreement as Frankie and Joey took out their wallets.

"Come on Johnny," said Frankie. Reluctantly, Johnny pulled out a tenner and handed it to Mitch with Frankie and Joey.

"Thanks guys! You're the best!" 

"Hey, you're not so bad yourself, kid." Mitch beamed.

"Have you told Donny about Mogadishu?" Frankie asked.

"Not yet, dipshit. I just got off the phone when I was telling you."

"Well you better. He always likes His news current." None of them had ever seen The Don; to them, he was a bank account that they transferred part of their cut into and a menacing voice on the phone. But those who crossed him met tragic accidents. The previous month had seen the death of Tony, the now-trio's beloved tech expert, after he had tried tracing the bank account of "Donny." There were also rumors of others in their line of work skimping out on payments to the Don and meeting similar fates.

"Alright, I'll give Him a ring right now," Johnny relented.

Mitch started for the front door. "Hey guys, I'm going out for a smoke."

"A'right Mitch. Thanks again for the pasta." Mitch just nodded.

"Jonathan," the dark Voice spoke through the crackly speakerphone. "What is it?"

"It's Mogadishu. A70 production is paused for the next month, at least. Local politics or something. The shipment that came in last week is the last one for a while."

"Shit," muttered The Don.

"That's what I sa--" Frankie started before Joey shut him up. 

"Put in an order for some more M-11's. That should cover revenue. I'll handle Mogadishu in the meantime." The crackles ceased and the line went dead. The group was silent for a while. They had no idea how He planned to "handle Mogadishu" but it gave every one of them chills.

The silence was broken by the front door opening as Mitch returned. "Done with your cig already?" Frankie asked. Mitch just shrugged.

~I know this is really late and no one probably will read this, but once I had the idea and saw that no one had done it yet (or if they have I haven't seen it), I had to write it. If anyone does read this, please leave feedback. Thanks!~