We had ignored them, and why shouldn't we have? They were and still are fucking stupid petty beasts. I mean, why should we worry? It took them far longer to get off their planet than most species... over 20 of their generations after they discovered electricity. And then just when they almost had self sustaining colonies they fought a war with nuclear *fission* weapons (yep, you read that right) and set them selves back 5 generations. Colonies withered and rotted like their admittedly delicious fruit on vines. We figured that was the end, how many species make it to another planet after nearly successfully committing suicide? I guess one.

So we ignored them and continued doing what we do best, which is doing what we had been doing. For tens of thousands of their generations the Galactic Senate has flawlessly run the galaxy. Things had been good for so long, everyone's wants met for so long, that it was incomprehensible that there was another way. Inconceivable. No one had died in eight thousand of their generations, no one had lacked nourishment, felt pain or suffered injury. We had figured it out and clearly the humans had not. 

But we had also forgot. We forgot what it was like to need, to want, and to hunger. We forgot the things that had driven us to create our society and our technology. 

The humans also had something that tens of thousands of generations of work could never possibly achieve. They desired without hunger, envied even when heaped in wealth, and angered without grievance. And above all, they had something they call pride. We should have seen it, could have seen it. If we had waited and watched just another 5 generation we would have watched them pick them selves out of the glowing embers and conquer a planet.  Then two, and then 8, driven solely by a desire to match the feats of their forefathers magnified through the echos of time. 

Then shit really hit the fan. Fragmented by space-time and fear of them selves they set off across the galaxy in ships that had no right crossing interstellar space. If there is one thing we have learned about the humans it is that they always want more and are willing to dip into insanity to get it. Countless lives were lost to failed ships or failed plans. For every 1 that failed though 2 succeeded and somehow buoyed by these horrific odds they pressed on hungry for more. 

We finally noticed them when a group landed on one of our older member's home planet and attempted to take it over. The humans were all wiped out but this started something of a... trend. Their weapons were no match for ours so they stole whole ships! The audacity, thousands died. *Thousands died* We couldn't understand what was happening. Now armed with our ships they stole more ships. I'm certain they didn't understand *how* they worked but it didn't matter. They would hold a few crew hostage and it isn't hard to get someone to do your bidding when they literally can't remember the last time they wanted something let alone felt pain.

We, however, are not stupid nor petty. The Senate met and agreed that the humans had to be exterminated. The galaxy then set upon this task, the first of its kind, reluctantly but systematically. We estimate we got 90% of them when they vanished. Poof, gone. Tens of thousands of generations of perfected technology could not find them. We suspect they hunkered down on ships which were mostly disabled to reduce the signal cross-section. It must have been a wretched life. 

That's not entirely true, actually. We would catch them every once and a while flying too close to a star and destroying themselves in an eye catching fashion. A couple times their ships would collide with a planet and explode. We even tracked a few near some black holes and watched as they were ripped to pieces. They had never seemed to value their own lives so we didn't worry. The attacks on our planets had stopped.

Then our stars started exploding, going nova. Our entire Senate was vaporized along with the most populous planet in the galaxy. The regional governments of every sector gone. No one believes me, hell, I'm not sure I believe myself, but I'm starting to suspect that they found their ultimate weapon. They tried everything in the galaxy, literally everything while killing themselves in the process and hit upon a weapon by chance so effective that everything has changed. 

We are afraid now, we have felt pain, and we now know hunger. These are new to us and we don't know how to respond. I am uncertain that all of the species will survive this calamity. One thing is certain to me at least, to survive we have to learn from the humans, to desire and want so strongly as to try something merely on the hope that it could work. To succeed, loose it all and have the audacity to look back and say "we can do better". We need to close our eyes and fly into the sun. 

