You log on to Universe Simulator 3 and check your stats. Last time you played you had created a ridiculously large map but had every thing perfectly balanced; no two items were close enough to eachother to interact, a surprisingly difficult feat. All the little galaxies, nubulas and tiny stars liked to move around a bit and if they got too close to eacother they would start clumping up or start a chain reaction of explosions and game over. Marty is the only dude you know who has even gotten close, to not only building, but also balancing a map this big. Marty thinks he could do it, "if only he had the time", but you know that's just an excuse, you just don't say it out loud. 
You look over the stats and a small clumpy spot on the map. Other than some mild drifting,everything is looking pretty good for just being left alone for a few months, that how well you balanced it the map. 

You remember you did some seeding right before you quit and you wonder how that's going. Some of the tiny stars can harbor even tinier little planets, and if you zoom into almost maximum you can get a pretty good look at them. You left different kinds seeds in each of the different quadrants. Since it was so balanced they each had a pretty good chance, but you did switch up the combinations of seeds and materials just to see what you would get. Some of the combinations clearly didn't work out. Aomonia in particular seems like it's just too harsh. Some of them were pretty interesting though, one little planet was covered in water and had snot like creatures living in it. That's exciting though, if you can get enough living creatures popping up, you start to get extra points! There's no flipping way Marty is ever going to beat you. 
You start to get more excited as you look them over, quite a bit of them end up just being covered in plants, not worth much points, but points non the less. You count 32 planets with living creatures on them, a complete variety of land and oceans animals  of all sizes. That's majors points, there's one who's ever grown so many, at this point you know you're the best player. You look over them carefully and then notice this one weird little planet. It has both land and ocean animals, and one type of the animals is changing what it looks like and how it acts pretty fast. You want to zoom in a little bit more but you're concerned their star might budge a little. You watch them go grow from living in trees and walking on four legs, to living on the ground and walking on two legs. Wow, you're kinda fascinated. Then you watch as they start to kill and eat the other animals, and maybe they're loosing their hair. Ok, you think you can zoom in and just barely miss the star, you're right there over the little planet. They have loss their hair! And they're trying to build things.

You zoom into max and block the star for just a second causing a shadow, they all stop and look up at you. You panic and zoom out. What! They did not look at you, this is just a game. They were probably just startled by the shadow. You zoom back in and can't believe your eyes. They're changing and building things at an even more rapid rate, and they clearly saw you. There's a few different interpretations, but they're building shrines to the being in the sky, you. You didn't even know the game could do that, you must have unlocked a secret level.
 You have got to show this to Marty, or he will never believe you. Hang on little planet, you'll  be right back.