They told us not to worry. But I didn't believe them. Trust must be earned. But throughout my life, the rulers of my homeworld, once called "Earth", had done nothing to earn my trust.

In spite of all of mankind's accomplishments: 

An average lifespan of 700 years thanks to modern medicine, with immortality attainable via transferral of human consciousness to a mechanical body.

FTL travel, enabling us to reach neighboring galaxies in a manner of weeks.

Genetically engineered food crops, capable of feeding all of humanity a dozen times over every year, with plenty to spare.

Virtually limitless energy, thanks to our ability to harvest the stars themselves.

We were poised to conquer the galaxy. But despite all of our accomplishments, we never managed to conquer our baser instincts: our selfishness, bloodlust, and greed finally got the better of us.

I remember it like it was yesterday, Armageddon; the day "Earth" became known as "Icarus". My cybernetic implants had blessed me -or cursed me- with a perfect memory, depending on how you looked at it. And I have spent centuries reliving that day in my nightmares.

I had been preparing for years. I had seen the signs: the wars that never ended, the "dragons" that hoarded wealth in their ivory towers, the senseless deaths of those too poor to pay for centuries old medical treatments. Despite all of our knowledge, we never learned. We never changed. The ship was sinking, so I hopped in a lifeboat.

I told noone of my plans. Thanks to government incentives, I couldn't even trust the ones I loved the most. I purchased and stole supplies from a myriad of sources, and was careful to cover my tracks. In my past life, I was a criminal. One of the best: the kind you never hear about.

I was a hacker. I manufactured and sold both drugs and weapons indiscriminately. I was a thief.

I was a murderer.

But I had a code of ethics. I never killed those who did not kill others. I never stole from the poor. I never harmed the innocent.

My crimes are too numerous to list. So I'll focus on the end of my criminal career: the day humanity died. I had, in secret, built a starship equipped with the most advanced weapons, a prototype FTL drive, and -most importantly- stealth systems I had designed myself. I had broken countless laws and, had I been caught, would have been sentenced to death a hundred times over. But I was never caught.

It was luck, or perhaps divine intervention (not that I had believed in the gods before that day), that I left the day the world ended. I had paid the terrorist organization 23CAF (the 23rd Century Abolitionist Front) the remainder of my wealth to plant explosives all around Launchpoint Unity, a government owned and operated spaceport. Hundreds died in the blast. But I didn't care anymore. I was through caring.

I flew through the explosions, my starship, Hubris, screaming past the control tower on my way to the upper atmosphere. My ship had no transponder codes, so I was immediately targeted by every weaponized satellite in North America. But I was prepared.

My Doomsinger missiles blew a hole in the goddamn sky. I had designed them myself. They, like my ship, were equipped with cloaking devices that rendered them invisible to both the naked eye, and to every electronic detection system known to man. After the Overlord automated defense systems fell, I was pursued by the fleets of a hundred nations. But I was prepared.

My cloaking device rendered my ship invisible. I was there one moment, and gone the next. In the confusion, the fleets began firing on each other. It wasn't until I returned home decades later that I discovered Earth had become a desolate wasteland in my absence. I learned from an automated distress beacon that the bombs fell mere minutes after I had plunged into FTL toward Alpha Centauri.

Perhaps it was my fault the world ended. But while I mourned the dead, I did not blame myself. For if humanity was poised to destroy itself over a misunderstanding, how could the blame fall squarely upon my shoulders? But enough about my past life.

On earth, I had a name. But that name is lost to history. Only I know my true name, and it, along with all the sins of humanity, dies with me this day. I am the Alpha and Omega: the beginning, and the end. The twilight of humanity, and the dawn of a new era for the rest of the universe.

You see, shortly before Earth became Icarus, we had made contact with several other species thanks to quantum communication. Strangely enough, though these species -the Atraxis, the Zelphar, and all the others- had communication capabilities on par or better than humanity, they had yet to master FTL travel. The governments of Earth talked for years of preparing to visit our newfound friends, but nothing ever became of it. Funding was never secured in time thanks to the power of bureaucracy. I was the only human to ever meet another sentient species in person.

Before I left, I had managed to acquire a copy of the vast sum of the world's knowledge to my ship's computer. From our knowledge of the dinosaurs, to the "war to end all wars" to the day my species died.

First contact was made in 2497 of the Julian calendar. The details are unimportant. But the warning I gave my new friends was of utmost importance. When I learned that the Atraxis were on the verge of their own "great war", I showed them The Archive.

I showed them the horrors that humanity had wrought upon itself: from the spears of our protohuman ancestors, to the extinction of countless species. From the mass graves of the Holocaust to the atomic horrors of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. From the neverending wars to the starvation of millions. I kept nothing hidden. I showed them the evil that was my species.

I begged them. I pleaded with them. "Learn from our misdeeds. Be compassionate. Be kind. Help those who cannot help themselves. Treat everyone -even your enemies- with respect and dignity. Do not repeat the mistakes of the past."

And to my surprise, they listened! They all listened. On every new world, my arrival heralded the end of wars. Statues were built in my honor. Religions were formed and a dozen worlds heralded me as their savior. But I was no savior. I was scum.

I was a hacker. I manufactured and sold both drugs and weapons indiscriminately. I was a thief.

I was a murderer.

And now, here I lay, dying. Remember when I had stolen the sum of humanity's knowledge? Well. In my haste to leave the planet, the Archive was incomplete. I was no doctor. And I had no medical texts aboard my ship.

"Cancer" is what my species called it. Despite all my accomplishments, despite all my virtues, despite all my efforts to save the universe, I couldn't kick the habit. Like my ancestors, I could not conquer my baser instincts. I could save trillions of others. But I could not save myself.

Now, a dozen worlds prepare to mourn the death of Omega: the last human. But I beg you, my children, do not weep for me. I never knew peace in my time. But perhaps, through me, your children, and your children's children, might know peace in theirs. I am no savior. I am scum. I was a hacker. I was a thief. I was a merchant of death. I was a murderer. The last germ of the deadly disease known as "humanity". The death rattle of a blackened lung.

With my dying breath, I ask that you remember these words:

"Those that forget history are doomed to repeat it. And you cannot save someone from themselves. Turn off the machine. But dont record that last part. Or this one."