Stars whooshed past through the window behind the desk, as a twelve-tentacled arm reached for the tablet report.

The tentacles belonged to a being in a suit with seven mouths, each mouth indicating a different state of emotion.

"These people do not work!" screamed Grogg the Inquisitor from his anger-mouth. "They will call in 'sick', as if their health is more important than *their duties*!"

"Sir..." continued Grimm the Workmaster.

"*Do not cut me off, Grimm*, or I will take this to senior management! And why is your joy-mouth open? This is *not* a happy time!"

Grimm the workmaster had enjoyed the sadistic glee of activating the humans' shock-collars for a while, their screams giving him enough joy to go home to his harem and produce many children. But times were tougher now, especially with Grogg the Inquisitor breathing down his neck all the time, and the threat of pay cuts for poor performance - possibly even an eventual firing - looming over his head. Based on Grogg's attitude, Grimm wondered if Grogg wouldn't simply bypass proper channels and throw Grimm out the airlock. His body secreted from its pores at the thought.

Grimm was losing his cool. So what if he died, or had to collect a meager allotment of credits from the Republic's almskeepers while between jobs?

"Sir...." continued Grimm. "The issue is that we hired humans. They're notoriously frail."

"That's because they're cheaper!" screamed Grogg. "And I'd prefer you not bring your politics into this! I always suspected you were a  Collectivist Party goon."

The secretion continued. Grimm had endangered his job not so long ago from entering a political discussion with a colleague about the crystal harvesters' strike on Antares 9. He did sometimes wonder if the Collectivists had a point in advocating for the abolition of human labor.

"But, sir," said Grimm to Grogg. "The humans aren't so easily replaceable anymore. The only humans we can get are already sold to us by slavers after having been mostly beaten or killed on the Ships. Voluntary human labor is almost nonexistent anymore."

"Then I'll have to put in a request to the Republic's labor division to genetically enhance the humans," said Grogg. "And if that request is denied....."

Grogg made a slicing motion across the sack of his neck with his tentacles.

Grimm sighed. He had half a day ahead of him, getting back to shocking and terrorizing the humans - but at this point, he was going to need to look for a new job.