“Well, just burn it!” A customer’s pizza dough was too doughy. Too doughy! Amy just couldn’t believe it.

Just before Gordon could react, there was a loud crash in the restaurant. “Two seconds, Amy. Two seconds, Samy. What the bloody hell was that?”

Gordon, Amy, and Samy all rushed to the dining room. The four customers inside were frozen, in awe at the scene unfolding in front of them. Where the pastries used to be was a large metal disc. The counter was crushed under it. “My cakes! My beautiful cake babies! Noooooo!” Amy was already devastated. It would take forever to replace the pastries.

Suddenly, a loud shriek came from the disc. A hatch opened in the top, and out crawled a vaguely humanoid creature. It was small, orange, and had webbed hands and feet. It also had no nose, no ears, and no hair. “Fuck me.” Gordon wasn’t taking it. “I can’t have some fucking creature walking around this goddamn restaurant. It’ll contaminate the food! Oh, no. Fuck me.”

The strange creature’s eyes widened, as if it were surprised. It made some series of sounds, unrecognizable to the people in the restaurant, but clearly intelligible to its companion in the disc. From the hatch, a couple of interesting items were produced. The orange thing put the items on some plates and gave one to Gordon, one to Amy, and one to Samy.

“Thank you.” Amy was clearly sarcastic. She was not trying to hide it. Luckily, it didn’t notice.

“Thanks.” Samy seemed genuinely thankful. Maybe he was just really good at acting. Or maybe he really was thankful. After all, this thing hadn’t yelled at him yet.

“Oh, lovely. Thank you.” Gordon was rather delighted to have some other type of food. It was something to take his mind off Amy’s Baking Company.

The creature kept one for itself. It took a bite out of the contents of its plate, as if to show that what it brought was food, and that it was good food.

Everybody around the table took a bite out of their servings. Amy smiled, then started acting strangely. It wasn’t the first time she had acted like a cat in front of Gordon, but it was something neither the customers nor the creature had seen before. Samy swallowed the food, but he didn’t want to offend the creature. He smiled, but it was obvious how fake the smile was. The orange thing took that to mean something, but clearly not an imminent threat. Gordon, after poking at it with his fork, actually took a bite of it.

“Presentation, ok. However, I’m not putting any standards for that on this dish. Amy, Samy, what do you two think about the presentation?” Gordon wanted the two owners to show where their standards where.

“I think it looks hideous.” Samy was first to speak up. “It’s all brown, sticky, and wiggly. It looks wholly unappetizing.” The creature, unable to understand, just sat patiently.

“Meow.” Amy was slightly calmer, but still wanted to be a cat.

“And for the taste? What do you two think?” Gordon was resting them. Amy was failing. Samy was barely still finishing.

“Meow.” Amy licked the back of her hand. “Meow.”

“It’s really good. I like it.” Samy felt no reason to lie. The food was good. “It tastes better than your food, that’s for sure.”

“Right. The food? It was nasty. Slime everywhere, too chewy for its size, and there’s no seasoning. I don’t know if this was supposed to be meat or not. But if it was supposed to be meat, then it was raw and unseasoned.” Gordon saw that Samy had failed the test. “Maybe a lamb sauce could’ve helped. But despite how much of a shit show this was, Amy, Samy, it’s infinitely fucking better than your food. So much better. You two need to step it up.”

*When we return, will Amy and Samy figure out what went wrong with their restaurant? Will they ever learn from where the alien arrived? And, we’ll see how much criticism the couple can take before they hit their limit.*