Over twenty years had passed and although I was in a much better place, I really didn’t want to go to this wedding. But I just couldn’t face my mother's disappointment if I told her I wasn’t going.  Greg, family is important, she’d say.
 
Obviously, Rachel would be there.  I pictured that amazing dress, the long pink one with the open back, the one I imagined would swish against her smooth, long, tan legs as she walked.  She’d worn that to some friend’s wedding and I’d saved the Instagram photo to my phone. I looked at it shamelessly every day for at least a week.  I wasn’t one of Rachel’s Instagram followers, that would just be too creepy. Instead, I looked up her user name once in awhile, to check for new photos.  But I hadn’t done that in years.  Instead, any contact between us was limited to short, practical, cold text messages.  ‘Greg, the map is down again.  Where are you?'

In the months leading up to the wedding, I started down the old, familiar path again: Instagram, Facebook, her blog, I read it all, every day, and every painful emotion I’d worked so hard to suffocate, was slowly returning.

When we were together, the risk was low.  Young people didn’t emit as much electrical force, so the most that would happen is akin to an electrical shock now and again, and we’d laugh about it.  As we grew older, though, the shock intensified and so did the research behind it.  Scientists investigating the Pairings, as we were called, projected that with each year, the force emitted by Pairings when they made physical contact magnified exponentially and to the point where not only would the Pairings be destroyed, but the entire Earth would be obliterated. 

Eventually, we were forced to separate.  What hurt me most was how matter-of-fact she was about it at the time.  I was devastated.  Although the real danger was in physical contact, the government decided that Pairings could not maintain any kind of relationship, it would just be too risky.  This would be the first time since we parted ways that we would knowingly be in the same place, at the same time.  

I sat alone in the aisle, the last row in the groom’s section, while the guests slowly took up seats around me.  I recognized the backs of so many heads, my aunts and uncles, cousins, and my parents up in the first row, who turned and gave me a sympathetic smile.  Before I knew it, the groom and the rest of the wedding procession had made their way to the alter.  After a few moments of whispering and fussing, the music started and the guests excitedly rose to their feet and faced the approaching bride.

I stood up along with them.  My heart lurched, my stomach cramped.  Rachel was more beautiful than I remembered, and as she swished by me cautiously but without so much as a glance, I crumbled to my seat and sat there amongst a forest of well-dressed people.  My eyes burned and I quickly blinked the tears away.  The guests sat down again as Rachel made her way to the front.

From behind, my Aunt Mae, leaned into my ear.  “Your brother makes such a handsome groom.  Don’t you worry, Greg, you’ll be next."