Everyone wants to kill Hitler but they can't quite do it right. The first time traveler decided to kill Hitler, right as the war was ending, via cyanide. Okay, sure, the suicide staging was pretty sweet, but the poor guys who had to live and die through it all probably wouldn't have appreciated it.

So later on, a few years later in my time, a time traveler decided to kill him as he was watching a play. It turns out he managed to kill some other guy instead. How he managed that, I'll never know, but ever since then, we've all been a little leery of time travel assassinations. The technology isn't cheap, as it costs us a good few quintillion dollars each time. Then again, with inflation these days, that isn't much.

In the bars, when the night's almost over, we all like to talk about ways to kill Hitler again, the proper way. One guy suggested we put him in his own gas chambers for the irony, another suggested we take out little Hitler before he showed his true evil. Somebody suggested that we kill his father, Alois Hitler, and another took it one step further and kill his grandfather, Johann Georg Hiedler.

I liked this idea, but maybe a little too much. It didn't occur to me at the time, but his ancestors are innocents in this war, just as much as the ones who died at the hands of the monster himself. But hey, when you're rich and you've got all the robots you need, what's left to do other than play god? So I went back in time, to the year 1800, to kill Grandfather Hitler.

What you should know is that, when we go back in time, we can bring certain objects with us, as long as they're relatively uncomplex. We can bring guns, but they have to be completely dismantled. We could bring gunpowder, but we couldn't bring modern bullets. I really don't know who makes up these rules; sadly, the technology is too new for scientists to have time to study it properly yet. Unlike those kooky movies from the 90's and 2000's, we could bring our own clothes, but the buttons and velcro wouldn't stay with us, even if it already existed in the area that we were time traveling to.

So I brought the simplest clothes I could find - my [Jaws 19 promo t-shirt](https://www.lastexittonowhere.com/media/cache/96/ca/96cabcf0b211fe185b49fd1bf8379d74.jpg), and the plainest pants I had. Keep in mind that in my time, logos have completely taken over all of our clothing and objects. We stopped making plain shirts in the 2000's, and the big companies managed to finally pass a law preventing us little people from making our own clothes - or anything else, for that matter.

With my disassembled gun and a map of Austria, I set out to find my target. Immediately, I ran into a few hitches in my master plan of blindly time traveling here with a gun. I don't know the language, I don't know where my target is, and I've never made a bullet in my life. All things that I probably could have learned in the time of The YouTube and The Google, but in my time, hackers had long since taken over the Internet and called it their own. So shortly after assembling the gun, I went to a time traveling station, one of the many locations made around the world for time travelers (and only time travelers) to return to their own time. My mission was a failure before I had even started, but it wasn't like it was that big of a deal.  I figured I would go back later when I was more equipped for the mission, like another trip to the grocery store.

Now the problem is, I forgot to disassemble the gun. It didn't disappear, but rather stayed in the time period that I left, a diner that was to be the reverse time travel location in Austria.  So when I traveled back, imagine my surprise when I found that the whole world was already owned by Hitler. His symbols, his face, and his evil permeated my once-peaceful world.  Apparently, his grandchildren had taken over where he left off, after they took control with the use of a futuristic gun that was recreated in mass quantities after I left. Nobody knew how the weapons were obtained, but I knew. In shame, I used my last time travel, a portable disassembled in my bag. But in my hurry to get out of the time period that I had inadvertently built, I came to the year 2000 instead of 1800. Now, 16 years after the last known time travel in history and time, I still tell my story to those who will keep fighting, hoping that the future that I destroyed can one day be repaired again.