"Wha....what else do you want from me? I already told you everything!" The man screams in terror. A wet spot is growing on his pants.

"E lo hi gi ne tse, ga li e li ga..." My voice sounds like a growling animal in the dark.

"I don't understand what you are saying! Please...please just let me go."

I can't let him go. I need him.

\-----

"Mr. Sean Hawkinson? I am Detective Birkins. This is Detective Giles. I apologize for the arrangement. We keep the lights off to keep our guests calm. Some of them can get quite excited with a dose of the good ol' photons, you see." says the rotund silhouette.

"Oh, it's quite alright. But I gotta wonder, can your police camera work in this condition?"

"Don't you worry about that, pipsqueak," the tall figure in the dark chimes in. "We ask the questions, you answer them."

"I'm sorry about my friend." The fat man continues. "He's got a temper. But don't worry. Tell us what we need to know and you won't have to see him no more. I promise."

"Okay, okay. Where do you want me to start?" my voice trembles.

"Tell us a bit about yourself. What do you do for a living?"

"I am a firefighter."

"Impressive for a man of such small stature. And apparently pretty good at it, too. What do they call you again?"

"The 9-fingered miracle."

"Why exactly do they call you that?"

"I lost a pinky in a caving accident some time ago. A rock crushed it. Then I saved some woman in a fire and they started calling me that."

"But it was no ordinary feat, wasn't it? According to the fire chief's report you carried her all by yourself without tools up 10 flight of stairs, then jumped across a gap that's 5 meters wide unassisted. Oh, look at that, she weighed 300 pounds. What the fuck were you on? PCP?" Detective Giles interjects.

"Well I guess it was just adrenaline rush."

"Was it the same rush you felt when you bashed Philip's face in?" A picture slides across the table. It's the man two nights ago. His mutilated face looks strangely serene.

"What the hell is this? Listen, you guys got the wrong guy. I..."

"Okay okay, here's where I gotta tell you what's good for you." says Detective Birkins. "You can't deny it. We found your fingerprints all over the crime scene. Oh and get this, a 9-fingered choke mark on the victim's neck. So yes you are in some trouble, but there are still some ways you can help yourself. For example, we know you are also connected to the death of Cody Reikard. Start talking and maybe I can put some good words in for you. The judge and DA take our words very seriously, you know. With the body mutilations, cutting off fingers et cetera we might be able to 'suggest' to the prosecution to agree on an insanity plea and get you off without a conviction..."

I look at the second picture he just put on the table. Yep I know this one, too. He did not scream or beg. Still ended him but that was a clean kill. It has none of my usual MO. It's interesting they specifically connected Cody to Philip and I. I am getting close. I just need confirmation.

"Listen I will admit it. I did them in, okay? They deserved to die. They were drug dealers and sold untraceable guns with the serials filed off!"

"Really? And how did you know they sold untraceable guns? Did you buy some off of them?" Giles seems like he is ready to blow up.

"Well I got a friend in the force who told me these guys are persons of interest in a firearms smuggling case. One of the guns they recovered was not filed off properly so they traced it. Turns out it was a police issued weapon that was declared defective and reportedly destroyed over a year ago, from this very precinct!"

Giles jumps up with a loud bang as his chair falls backward. "What the fuck do you know about the guns? Who is this friend of yours? Birkins, help me out here! He's already got two of the distributors!"

Birkins looks like a deflated balloon and sighs, "He knows too much. Good thing the camera isn't on, eh? Young man, I am sorry to say but we will now be moving to a more, ahem, secure location. By the end of the day you will tell us everything you know. If you don't cooperate they might have to call you the no-fingered miracle during your eulogy though."

"Do you guys want to know how I really lost my finger?"

They look puzzled. "In a caving accident. You told us."

"Yes, but there is more to it. You see, I didn't lose my finger because some rock crushed it. I lost it when I became trapped in the dark cave with no sunlight. I was hungry, thirsty and dying. No photosynthesis without water and light, as you well know. By the 5th day I was delirious. Then I felt it."

"Felt what?"

"An ancient calling. I grabbed my knife and cut off my pinky. I chewed on it. It became a new part of me. It invigorated me. And with that, I dug myself out of the cave. E lo hi gi ne tse, ga li e li ga."

"What's that you said?"

"It's from an ancient language long before the purge wiped clean most knowledge that was deemed 'irrelevant'. My grandfather was from the tribe. His lineage was not properly wiped and still remembered some bits and pieces. It means 'Earth our Mother, I am thankful'. My grandpa told me to say that before eating before he died. I didn't really know what he meant until the cave."

Under the cover of darkness, I swiped a piece of meat I hid in my sleeve into my mouth. The power of a human heart is overwhelming and with this Philip will be reborn as a force of good through my actions. I thank you, nature, for providing me with sustenance. Tonight I shall feast.