Love is beautifully terrifying. My father was the kindest soul who ever did live. Though my mother had died when I was young, my father had always guided me and protected me. Very rarely did I know fear growing up, because he was always there to protect me. 

When I was scared at night, he showed me how to fight against the darkness. "Darkness itself is not dangerous; only when you let it into your heart, little one. When I lost your mother, the darkness tried very hard to invade my heart. But I kept fighting because I had you. You saved me from the darkness, so now I am here to do the same for you." He said this with a gentle smile, and I never had trouble sleeping all my life. 

We had tried kayaking once, and gotten unlucky. The rain had come late into the trip, while we were far from shore. We returned home, and were greeted by thunder before we got there. A bright bolt streaked across the sky, and the boom came almost instantly. I fell from the small recreational boat, and was swallowed up by the waves. Surrounded by the darkness of the water, I remembered that it couldn't hurt me if I didn't let it in. I had a guardian angel there to protect me from darkness, in all of its forms. And so I was pulled out of the water by the strong arms of my father, and we floated there a while, I enjoyed his warm embrace. 

The one time in my life that I was truly scared came upon my fifth birthday. Without many friends or a lot of money, my father and I enjoyed a nice dinner out together. At one point he left to the restroom, and during that time a man approached me, took me by the hand, and guided me outside with sweet promises. I was excited for some kind of surprise on my birthday, and I was naive as a child should be. My father sprinted out of the restaurant and he beat that man. He hit him, and hit him, and hit him. I thought it would never stop. I was crying, and my father wasn't comforting me this time. When the beating finally stopped, I looked up at my brave and strong father, his fists still shaking at his sides, and I swear that there was a giant smile on his lips. 