"Hurry up, you wouldn't want to miss this!"

"Huh, miss what?"

Some things are just not meant to be hidden for long.

"Darn my friend, you were one of the lead scientists, weren't you? Why are you so far behind the news?" The other man replied.

In a secret cult, a massive upheaval was ongoing. One of their long discarded projects, the Dragon Creation, had a sliver of success.

"Wait, I was only focusing on that stupid virus, what did I miss?" The lab coated man said with a tired voice. John, as his name was, was thrown into an almost impossible project after his failure on a few other ones. He didn't dislike impossible projects, but they were really eating up his sleep.

"I will tell you what you *almost* missed. The birth of a freaking Dragon!" His friend replied. The two knew each other from their school years and oftenly would hang out together. They weren't best friends per say at the beginning, but it was hard to say now.

"Come again?" John wanted to ask, not daring to believe his friend's words. He didn't have much more to say though, before a weird dog went and bit his leg.

Surprised, the man kicked the dog as hard as he could, the pain from the bite hiding his smoking now outfit.

Cursing in pain, he was soon surrounded by a whole armed force, all of whom were aiming their guns at him.

"What the-" He couldn't help but exclaim, but a man cut him off.

"It's not breathing..."

Vaguely beginning to realise what was going on, he noted his almost burnt outfit. Wanting to curse whatever luck he had, he didn't have a chance to explain before an angry officer shot him dead.

"No..." John's friend uttered in silence, not being able to word anything else out of sheer shock. 

The Dragon was dead and so was his friend. Alas, this accursed cult was never fated to have something good for once.

"The... The Dragon is... Dead?"

It was close to their first success, they would have studied the specimen and replicated the results, but alas... the only thing they hoped for, was that their current data would be enough to replicate their success. 

A funeral was held for both victims of this bad luck, as well as for the soldier who shot the scientist. 

Not wanting to harm, or blemish the beautiful Beast, who very much seemed to be sleeping, alas with the luck of breath, they decided to bury it on the forest just outside their facilities. Pity that the Dragons needed to breathe... right? 

*woof?!*

