I stare at the police officer, dumbfounded.  *No* I think, *He must have made a mistake.*  I tell him so.  I tell him how my husband can't be dead, he was just with me in the kitchen.

He's now looking at me in the same bewildered manner.  "Mrs. Decker, right?  You're Emily and your husband is Ryan Decker?" I nod solemnly.  He had all the information correct but then who.... "Mrs. Decker, may I have a look in your kitchen?" His eyes are narrowed at the entryway to the kitchen.  I mumble something, it must have been a 'yes' because stealthily he's moving, one hand on the holster where his gun rests.  I follow behind, in a daze.  The confusion was overwhelming me.  I come to a stop at his side.  My eyes dart around frantically.  He was just right there, at the stove cooking stir-fry.  My husband.  He never asked to cook but then again he never asked a lot of things he had asked today.  My thoughts were interrupted by the officer, now looking at me with great concern.

"Mrs. Decker... Are you sure someone was here?"

"Yes!  He's been here most of the day.. When.. when he came home this morning, I thought perhaps he wasn't feeling well, to miss out on work like that.  He was full of energy... he... he was talking so fast.. I, I didn't know what..." I trail off, the tears stinging in my eyes as memories flashed in my mind of the man that had been by my side for hours earlier.

"I see... Mrs. Decker, are you sure you're not confusing today with another day?" His hand comes to rest on my shoulder.  *Was I confused?*  How could that have happened?  

"I...I don't know, maybe?" The tears fall freely down my face now.  The police officer nods, gently removing his hand and giving the room another once-over.

"Is there someone you can call to come be with you right now?  I would feel better if I knew you weren't alone." I can see the pity in his eyes.

"Yeah, uh... I'll call my mom. Thanks." I see him out, turn and press my back against the front door before collapsing down into a puddle of sobs.  My head bolts up suddenly.  A noise.  A squeak from the stairs.  *No, no, no...* I rise to my feet quickly as possible and with a stumble.

"Who are you?  What are you?!" I'm staring at the man I had been married to for the last five years.  The man I was told had died tonight, but here he was slowly descending the stairs.

"I understand you're scared Emily... please know I didn't want you to find out this way.  I-I didn't know the rules, that it would be like this." He continues walking, his voice taking a calming tone, the kind he never used anymore.

"What the hell does that mean?!" I slide my back against the wall to the other side of the room, not willing to take my eyes off him.  "Don't come any closer!" It's a threat, though I have nothing to use against him.  He stops all the same.

"I didn't know I would just be a... a copy." I feel faint, what was he talking about? He starts to move again, slowly still.  I don't call him out on it. "I thought it would be a complete take-over.  That, we would switch bodies when I died.  I suppose I had seen too many sci-fi films." A smirk crosses his face for a second but leaves quickly.  My eyes widen with his words.

"Who are you?" I manage to calm my breathing to say it without panic but with plenty of fear still laced in the question.

"My name was David Marsdale.  Yesterday, I was a 24 year old man with cystic fibrosis from Seattle.... I was in a hospital dying from respiratory complications." He looks serious when he says it.  Whether it's the truth or not, he believes it.  I don't say anything, which he takes as a sign to continue.  "Before I passed... I saw him.  He came before me."

"Who?" I interject suddenly.  He's shaking his head, the confusion apparent.

"I don't know.  God?  The devil?  An angel?  A demon?  I didn't ask questions.  I only listened.  He told me I could have another chance, if I was willing to let go of this life then I would be granted another.  The only condition was that it would be taken from someone who deserved to die." I let his words sink in.

"Ryan didn't deserve to die!" Anger rises up in defense of my husband.

"Didn't he?" He's closed the space more, now he stands before me.  I watch as his hands move up slowly, resting on the side of my neck before pushing my shirt back to reveal yellowed bruises.  He does the same with the sleeves covering up my forearm.  I look away, shame welling up and more tears flowing.

"This is insane." My voice barely above a whisper.  I feel his fingers grasp my chin, pulling my face back up to look at him.  The act is so soft and caring.  Like everything had been in this short time between us.  Ryan hadn't treated me like this since we had been dating and now I knew why his behavior had been so strange today.  It wasn't Ryan but whoever this stranger was that had taken his form.

"I know.  When I made my way back here this morning, I hadn't planned on staying.  I didn't know there would be anyone here, but there you were, questioning why I was here. And... and I looked into your eyes and saw the same look I had most of my life.  I knew then, you were like me.... too scared to live." I pull back from his touch.

"What?" I feel confused again, maybe it never stopped.

"Emily... You have a second chance too.  I have to leave tonight, and I would like you to come with me." He gives pause, waiting for my reaction but continues on when I can't form one.

"If... If you don't want to then I won't force you, I won't harm you... I couldn't do that.  I'll leave and you'll never see me again. You can even tell everyone the truth if you want." I scoff.  *Who the hell would believe this?*

"If you come with me I promise that we'll live, Emily.  Together... we'll start our lives." He extends his hand out, offering himself to me.  Hesitantly I bring my hand up, pausing just before I make contact with his own.  I could do this.  I could choose to live.