The footsteps had stopped, maybe tonight he wouldn't visit, maybe tonight she was safe. Her breaths gradually slowed, her heart rate steadying.

The familiar irratic thuds pulled her from the edge of sleep, she franticly resumed her prayers. God never seemed to answer her. Before she was gone, mum had always said the devil punished the wicked, maybe he would reply. She would give anything.

A muggy stillness took over the room; the steps had stopped, the incessant ticking grandfather had stopped. From the edge of her eye, she noticed it, not a demon in the way she expected, but somehow far more unsettling. Tall and slender, it appeared as if made from some dark, tarnished copper. The motionless creature suddenly started towards her, stutterstep limbs moving with eerie grace. Coming to an equally abrupt stop, it peered into her, the perfect blackness of its face somehow appearing... mocking?

It leant out and touched her.

Her mind recoiled, this is not her, this is not his body.

The last thing he could remember is being in his front room, ironically, drinking to forget. He'd finished the beer, and had to make the journey to the fridge. As usual he ended up stopping at the hanging photo. Pausing. Looking into those eyes reminded him just how much he missed her.

Maybe he'd go upstairs, to see if she was awake - she looked so much like her. Those once loving eyes now seemed so full of hate.

The drink hazed his mind and body, the journey up the stairs was not easy. He paused midway to stop the spinning, to minimal effect. Nervously beginning again, he regained his confidence with only a couple of remaining stairs. And with that he slipped, flailing arms finding no support, a terrible sinking feeling as he fell back into those child's eyes.

He stared mortified at the creature, the abyss that gazed back adding to his abject fear. His mind grasping at tendrils, it all finally crystallized. The sensation never got any less unpleasant, the nauseating reality hitting him like a tidal wave, knowing the horrors of his own making that were still ahead of him.

The clock's ticking resumed, the creature gone, the one in its place far more recognisable, and far more terrifying.

She would give anything, and he had taken everything.