The explosion of the gun quieted the crowd. I had expected an eruption of screams and terror, but the only sound was the hard thud as the man hit the ground. An echo in the back of my head sounded, ‘I guess he bit the dust’ in my dads voice. The corner of my mouth turned up as I rolled my eyes.

Well, now’s a good a time as ever I suppose. I holstered my Glock 26 before I took off my helmet, allowing my sun-kissed blonde hair to fall out of its hasty twist and down over my shoulders. I could feel that it was matted and tangled near the bottom. ‘Stupid movies’ I thought as I ran my hand through my hair a few times. ‘They make you think this isn’t going to be a problem. Stupid models and their hair always cascading like a damn waterfall.’

As I turned around to face the crowd I finally was met with something I expected. Gasps and shouts of anger. “A woman!” Rippled throughout the audience. I walked toward the Royals seating area, smiling my recently brightened smile. No one tried to stop me as I cut the distance between myself and the princess, waving to the crowd seated on both sides. 

As I approached I could see the stunned horror on the faces of nearly every person in the royal booth. The Queen looked like she was about to pass out, she had a maid fanning her wildly. 

“Welp Princess, let’s go!” 

“But I can’t marry you, you’re a lady!” She breathed, exasperated. 

“I’d hardly consider myself a LADY under any circumstances” I said, exaggerating lady as I gestured my men’s clothing.

The King stood and looked back and forth from his daughter to me and back again. I thought he would yell, but he was actually pretty calm. 

“Hello King Arnold,” I started. “My name is Charlotte, pleased to meet you.” I did a little curtsy in my ugly brown trousers.

“I read through the bylaws of the tournament and nowhere in there did it actually say that a female couldn’t compete. So I didn’t break any rules. I know, I know, I’m not exactly what you were expecting in a champion, but I promise I only have the best interest of the princess at heart.”

The king hardly moved to face me directly. 

“Charlotte.”

It was the only thing he said for a moment. 

“I think we had better all discuss this in private.”

“Does that mean you’re going to kill me behind closed doors?” I said as I pulled my hand up to rest over my holstered firearm.

“No!” It was the princess, now it was my turn to be shocked. “Nobody will kill you, right father?”

“Nobody will kill you,” he agreed

I was lead by two guards through the crowd to an entrance of the humble castle  behind the royal family. As we entered and the front doors closed I called in front of me. 

“Hey! Princess Teresa! Are you allowed to come back here and walk with me?”

She slowed for a moment and looked at her parents before stepping to the side to allow the other guards to pass her. One stayed with her as she waited for me to meet up with her.

“Sup girl,” I said excitedly.

“I’m sorry..... what did you say to me?” She said, not rudely.

“Just a version of hello where I’m from.”

“Where are you from?”

“Ohio”

“Ooohio. I’ve never heard of it, is it far?”

“Uhhhhh kinda?” 

She took her time to look at me as we walked down the corridor. I could see her looking at my eyes taking in my make up and men’s clothing.

“Why did you do it? I have heard of women who fancy other women in rumors, but no one as bold to pretend to be a man to win the hand of a princess. You were bound to be found out eventually!”

“Oh, but princess!” I mocked astonishment, “the sight of you maid me swoon!”

She looked at me with confusion. I could tell she understood my sarcasm but wasn’t sure how to take it. 

“I don’t fancy women.”

“What? Then why?!”

“Well. I mean, you’re young. You were just going to be handed off to some dude who killed a whole bunch of other dudes. Is that even something you wanted?”

“He would have been highly regarded throughout the kingdom.”

“That doesn’t answer my question and you know it. Did you want to be married to a man because he won a tournament?”

“No” she said slowly. 

“That’s what I thought” I said shrugging. “You’re not going to become Queen, right?”

“No, I would not become Queen. My brother Gerald will be the next King after my father.”

“Do you want to be Queen?”

“Heavens no!” She said quickly. I was sort of surprised at her immediate response. “Father works so much and he is so loved in the kingdom. I’m not nearly as good hearted as him, and I don’t want to make decisions like he does. Gerald has trained his whole life to become King. He’ll never be as good as father, but he is well liked and is very smart. He will be a good king.”

“Do you want to be married?” I asked

“Yeeees” She drew the word out slowly 

“That sounded like a no”

“I do want to be married! One day, but I want to go to France. And if I marry I will become my husbands wife, and my duty will be to him.”

I was right. Thank God. What girl wanted to be married off to a stranger. Probably none, but on the off chance I was wrong and disrupted a whole tournament I was going to feel a little bad.

“That’s why I did it. You deserve to do what you want. Marriage can come later, when you’re ready. And preferably with someone you choose.”

She looked at me in complete astonishment. “You did this for me?!”

“Yep!” I smiled deviously. “Now, let’s discuss how we can get your father to let us go to France!”



Edit: grammar

Update: working on a better ending, but coincidentally getting ready for a bridal shower, so I’m cut short on time!