“I’m sorry?”

“Your license, sir.  The foreign travel license is expired.  Your commuter rating is unaffected, but you’ll have to stay here in town.”

“I don’t understand.  I just got it.  I applied months ago, through the travel agency.  I only booked my flight after getting it.”  I tried not to raise my voice, though I no doubt sounded a bit on edge.

“Sir, I cannot permit you to board a plane today.  Perhaps if you notified the Bureau of Inquiry, you could reapply.  In the meantime, please step aside.”  There was a line of people behind me.  The woman right behind me looked at me kindly.  I shrugged, nodded, and murmured my thanks.

The airline was good about refunding my ticket.  They didn’t argue at all.  The woman issuing my refund looked a bit sad.  I wasn’t the only one having a bad day, I guess.

I left the airport and got in line at the cab stand.  I’d already spent $20 on one ride.  I wasn’t looking forward to another, but I resolved to call the Board of Inquiry as soon as I got home.
The ride was uneventful.

“Here ya go, sir.  67 Couperin Place.”

“Thanks.  What’s it come to?”

The cabbie paused, then sighed.
“Nothin’.  I’m not charging you.”

“Wow.  What did I do to earn a free cab ride?”

“Boy, this place really does a number on ya, doesn’t it?”

“What?  What’s that supposed to mean?”

He turned around in his seat.

“Look, Captain, I know it’s weird here, and you probably don’t even know what I’m talking about, but this town is your hometown.  It’s the center of your power, but it keeps you calm, too.  It mollifies you, makes you forget things.  I know you volunteered to come back here, and we’re all very grateful and proud of you.  Look, your being here helps save the world.  There’s a treaty.  It’s complicated, but you’re a hero, a real goddam hero.  I hate having to keep you here, even though I know it’s for the best.  At least, I can give you a free cab ride.  Go home.  You’ll have a good night.  You won’t even remember me.  Stand down, gentlemen.”

This last part was not directed at me, but the several men in riot gear who had appeared from out of nowhere.  I recognized one of them as my next door neighbor Dave, but he had a bunch of armor on and was carrying a rifle.  The men all retreated from the immediate vicinity of the cab and stood in the street and down the sidewalk, dozens of meters away.  I knew something.  I felt it and thought it.  I also remember that I had to go home.  

“Hey buddy.”  The cab driver.  “Why not treat yourself to a pizza?  You look like you’ve had a long day.  You ever see the Sound Of Music?  It’s on tv tonight.”

“Sounds good.”  It did sound good.  It’s a good movie.  Good idea.

I got my bag and went into the house.  Some of my neighbors were going home at the same time.  Dave from next door waved to me.

“Hi, Dave.”

“Hi, Charles.  Coming home?”

“Yeah.”

I went inside, put my bag down.  I rifled through the menus on top of the kitchen tv.  I found one with a coupon.  Three dollars off and free delivery.  I called and ordered a large pepperoni.  When the delivery guy came, he said they had a new menu and a special.  I got a free two liter orange soda.  I turned on the tv.  The Sound Of Music would be on soon.  I sat down.  I ate pizza right from the box.  I had the strangest feeling.