Pt 2.
"Hang on a second," I said as I put my fingers on the bridge of my nose, closing my eyes as emotion washed over me. "You are my father?"
"No Felix. A soul and a human are separate. When they have matched the connection between body and soul is harmonious and they become one. But in this case there was no harmony, body and soul existed individually.  I am not your father as you remember him. I am his essence. So, there may be similarities here and there. But mostly they will be coincidental."
"And now you are going to pass the scythe to me?"
"Precisely."
I sat down on the floor and let my head fall back onto the tree that housed us. I looked up to see an endless sky above like I was in the midst of a new and exciting galaxy. A haven from the world. I didn't want to go back as a reaper. How could I get out of this? Again, she had read my thoughts.
"You can't get out of it, trust me. I've tried."
"So, I have to just go with it and become the most feared being on the planet."
"There are more. Not many but there isn't only one reaper on the planet. From time to time, you will seek solace from each other."
"How long have you been a reaper?" I asked, and for the first time, I was scared. Scared of her answer.
"I became a reaper in the times of the medieval. What would you associate that with? King Arthur and Camelot, I suppose?"
"You're kidding," a short, sharp and sarcastic laugh escaped me.
"No. I am not. I have been roaming for hundreds and hundreds of years." A sadness swelled in her that engulfed the room and impressed upon me the magnitude of what I was about to embark upon. It was my turn to feel emotion.
"What will happen to my life? My family? I can't just disappear," tears gathered in my eyes and she moved close taking my hands in hers.
"Yes, you can and you will. It will be put down to a reaping and they will move on. I have seen it thousands of times." She wasn't being unkind, but reassuring.
"But what if I can't move on?" I tried to swallow my sadness, but that made it spill even faster, tears streaming down my face. Her hands came up to my face cupping my chin. She looked up at me, her eyes pools of understanding.
"You will." Softly she kissed me. Her perfect bowed lips reaching up to mine that were thin and quivering lines. 
I reached my hands up and in turn took her face in mine, kissing her harder. The intensity of the moment submerging us both. If I didn't have a soul, how could I be feeling for her so deeply now? It made me want to find my soul all the faster so that I could be with her. To embrace her again, in her wise perfection. 
"This is an opportunity that only a minute fraction of people get. You will learn about humanity. Its extraordinary highs and pitiful lows. You will see it all," her newly found soul had settled in her, and her demeanour was now softer, kinder, not so tired.
"Where will you go?" the thought of being separated from her now was like being asked to survive without air. Could I have found my soulmate without finding my own soul first?
"I will be in Utopia. On the other side." She said as if it was a given.
"So, there is another side? Heaven is real?" the night was full of revelations.
"No heaven, no hell. Just another side where we live how we are supposed to."
"Sounds too good to be true," I said shuffling my feet not quite coming to terms with my explosion of feelings for this stranger who was giving me possibly the worst news imaginable.
"It is. For us anyway."
"How so?" I queried.
"Because everyone else gets there in one lifetime. We have to watch as generation after generation makes it to the other side, and we have to continue the search eternally until we find our lost soul," she looked at me with pity and a knowledge that she couldn't gift to me.
"Right, how could I forget about that?" sarcasm was my go to. I would definitely need to work on that.
"If you ask me we are the richer for it," she said her voice sweet and hopeful.
"That is easy for you to say. You are going there. Now."
"Well, you know what they say?"
"What's that?" I was waiting for the knock-knock-esque punchline.
"Time flies," I stifled an exaggerated ha-ha. She turned serious. "I will wait for you," her eyes bore into me. It felt like the walls and floor fell away and we were standing in the middle of the milky way, I could see it's reflection in her eyes. "Time is different over there. You will be there in a flash,"
"That is comforting," I replied.
"I am going to hand you the scythe now. I don't need to tell you that you will need it to pry out the souls and let me tell you, they don't always come easily! And when I do, you will be transported back to earth to start your journey,"
"I'm not ready," I said quickly, the words tumbling out trying to hold onto my old life and this new woman in this new place. "Can't we stay a bit longer?" I pulled at her waist bringing her close to me.
"No. It's my time." She turned away, releasing herself from my arms, her head low, looking as though she too wanted to remain, basking in the new light that had combusted between us. 
I watched her walk out of the arch that leads to the stars and her figure dissipated into the night sky. Before her translucent silhouette disappeared for good she reached out her hand towards me, looking back, longingly and said, "One more thing. My name is Arianwen. See you on the other side."