"It's... a musket." 

I couldn't believe what I had in my hands. Well, I couldn't believe where I was, why I was there, who I was with, and what I had in my hands but the first three were of little importance since this tournament was going to happen with me in it regardless if I thought I should participate or not. I inspected the weapon more closely. The muzzle was jagged and flared out, tubes were sprouting in and out of the barrel and some sort of compass has been soldered to the breech. It was ugly, unbalanced and heavier than a dead donkey.

"I know it doesn't look like much but trust me, I've been working on this baby for two millennia and I'm pretty sure it's working." Replies Omnia. She was nodding vehemently but her head kept bobbing left and right at the same time, making her look like one of those little figurines people of questionable taste put in their car.

I let out the musket with one hand to massage my forehead. I sighed. My life has been a series of failures up until now and now I've been thrown in this mess for no reason nor time to prepare. I'm sure I'll fail, I always fail, and I'll die. Or worse, make a fool of myself.

"Why did you even chose me again!?" I ask, a bit more aggressively than I wanted.

Omnia yawns. "I told you, you're my most zealous follower! I couldn't have chosen a better avatar than you."

"But I never prayed you! I didn't even know you existed up until 30 minutes ago!"

The goddess shrugs and her whole body waggles. She looks like she could lose balance at any time. "Well I guess you just didn't realize what you were doing. Won't change from the usual, am I right."

I glares at her, split between anger and desperation. She coughs and pushes her long silky white hair away from her face. "Sorry for that." An awkward silence passes by to say hi, uninvited. "Listen, I know it's a lot to process, but have faith. Just aim at your opponent and trust your guts. You've been born to hold this weapon."

I was in the middle of interjecting once again when a voice blasted out in the corridor. "Avatar Mikaza-Ol-Erun and Avatar Joe!" My shoulders slumped down and I bit my cheek to not break into tears. Omnia put her hand on my arm and gave me a tired smile. "You can do it. I'm sure of it." She said before letting out yet another loud yawn. 

It's at this precise moment I became convinced gods could make mistakes.

§

The arena was nothing but a large empty room paved with white marble tiles. As large as a soccer field, it had no place to run nor hide. 50 meters away from me I could see her: Mikaza-Ol-Erun, my opponent, a beast of a woman, already ready to charge at me. A glowing blue mist was oozing from her back, already taking frightening forms of horror long forgotten. Suddenly a swirl of red light materialized in the center of the arena and took the shape of a cloaked figure.

“Avatars, as per the ancient rules of the universe, you’ve been chosen by your respective gods because of your outstanding qualities. You’ll fight each other in the Hall of Judgment until one of you lose the will to fight or death come claim their soul. You are free to use any tactic you may wish as well as the boon bestowed upon you by your sponsor. Through your actions Hall of Judgement will gauge your worthiness to becom…“

The apparition was still talking but I couldn’t focus anymore. Behind them, Mikaza was licking her lips. She raised an eyebrow, smirking. In her open hand was a mist construct of my face distorted by terror and pain. I tightened my grip on my gun until my knuckles turned white.

“… since neither of you want to step down, may the fight begin!”

“Wait, wha-!” But the cloaked silhouette already disappeared in a cloud of red flames. Mikaza was running at me screaming, leading a ghostly army of misshapen monsters! I took a step back but my shaking legs refused to hold me up. I fell on my back in a pitiful groan. 

*I’m pathetic. I shouldn’t be there. It’s not fair!*

I tried to calm down my hands in vain. The musket was trembling and smoking in my loose grasp.

*Great, and I broke this bloody thing when I fall!*

Still, what other choice did I have? I aimed the best I could at the grinning juggernaut charging me and pulled the trigger. Nothing happened.

*I’m going to die like an idiot, sitting on my sorry butt*

I pulled the trigger again, and again. Still nothing. Already her blue mist was crawling around me. She was only ten meters away. I closed my eyes and tensed my muscles.

*Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck this. FUCK THIS LIFE!*

Suddenly the dial on the breech lightened up and a roar surged through the cannon “HAHA YOU ACTUALLY DID IT! YOU’RE SO DUMB MIKI.”

A childish voice resonated against the Hall’s walls. Mizaka wasn’t smiling nor running anymore. A jet of colors gushed out of the gun’s muzzle and splatters against the marble walls, depicting a crying girl, mouth and hands smeared red, holding a ragged doll.

“I’M SORRY MIKI, YOU’RE GREAT AND ALL BUT IT’S JUST NOT WORKING OUT FOR ME.” Continued the disembodied voice, taking a more virile tone. The murals were now depicting a young woman, too big and too clumsy for the white summer dress she was wearing.

 “SUUUURE YOU CAN COME. I’M SURPRISED YOU DIDN’T GET THE INVITATION LIKE EVERYONE ELSE…”

Mizaka was standing still now, observing the scenes displayed on the wall. Her eldritch army was dissipating behind her. The voice continued to morph, becoming in turn male or female, young or old, while more images of her life were broadcast for everyone to see. Finally, she fell on her knees, holding her chest.

“I give up. Just make it stop.”

The dial on the musket turned off and silence returned. Neither of us dared to move. I looked down at the gun I was holding, terrified by what it has done. Suddenly the hooded figure made of light reappeared in the middle of the room and shouted cheerfully:

“And the winner of this round is Joe! Avatar of Ines Omnia goddess of-” A second passes “-of ‘those desperate moments at 3AM where you just want to sleep but keep thinking about all the cringiest moments and failures of your life’!”