“Damn it! Why can I never get this right?!” Said Stu. He knew that this girl was the one for him. The moment he had set eyes on her while watching that concert over 5 years ago, he knew she was the one. He just felt it. From her slender body to the way her hair fell on her shoulders. He had googled her right after the concert finished and he fell more in love with her ever since.

Being a shapeshifter and all, he decided to make himself into a musician. At first he made himself into the lead musician in her quartet, but he obviously didn’t think that one through very well. Things started out great in the beginning because he would just walk in and everyone would recognize him. Even she would start making googly eyes at him. He thought he had hit the home run. But unfortunately, during the first practice, he totally botched up the entire piece, and he could only feign being sick for so long! So, even though he had knocked out the original guy, he had to revive him and bring him back so that he could play the piece.

Of course he lost the girl for a little while because, well, she fell in love with the real guy, but she couldn’t understand why his mood was so drastically different than before and they eventually broke up.

Next, he tried to be her sister’s best friend who was a guy, and he tried to find out from the sister what her type was! It was a little strange at first, because he didn’t know that the sister was into her best friend, so he ended up going out with the sister for a while but he knew that she wasn’t the one for him even though it was actually a really good relationship!

He finally broke it off, and then went and shapeshifter into the “perfect” guy for his first love. Though it was a little like Deja Vu because things started out great! She seemed really into him, but then before he could ask her out on a date, she ended up blowing him off and not showing up to dinner one night.

He couldn’t understand it. So he tried a different approach. Let’s just cut it short here and jump ahead and save you the sob stories. To sum it up , he’s tried it 32 times. Who knew that a girl could date that many times?! Each of the subsequent recent times had been shorter and shorter, with her saying, “I don’t know why, but it seems like I just went through this!”

Maybe she was catching on and maybe he should have given up. But he was determined to try one last time.

He finally found her journal and discovered that she had a picture of what she considered her “soul mate” though it looked like the picture was pasted backward so he couldn’t actually see the photo. But luckily all he had to do was just touch the back of the photo and he could shapeshift into the person on that photo.

So after stealing her journal in the green room at the back of the concert hall, he snuck into a closet, opened the book and touched the photo and then emerged. He felt a little funny and he walked a little strangely, but when he came out of the closet, his chest was a little bigger and he was missing a piece of equipment down in the nether regions.

He paused in front of a mirror and knew why she had never been into him. Staring back at him, was the figure of a girl.