So no shit there I was, staring at what looked like the very end of my life. I was broke, up to my eyeballs in debt, with no one and nothing to my name. I sat on the park bench, waiting for something, anything to improve in the shit stained rollercoaster that had been my life for the last few months. As i sat there it came to me : just walk in front of a bus. Just end it all, all the pain, the crushing loneliness, the depression, all of it. Simply be done with it all. 
I only thought about it for a minute before i heaved myself off that bench and started walking out of the park, over towards Hillside. If fate was with me today, i could catch the bus just as it started down the hill. I rationalized that i would simply feel the tap and then be gone. I was almost to the park gate archway, nearly to my blissful relief of life's long tragedy, when i heard it.
Well not "it" precisely. I saw this squiŕrel, sitting in front of the gate arch, right in my path. I stopped as he was in my way, but i shrugged the rodent off and kept going, determined to make my destination. The squirrel moved, not away like most. This one ran in front of me, before stopping and turning to face me once more. 
This is odd, i thought. Squirrels don't do things like this. I shouted at it "shoo! Go away squirrel!" I shoved the air in front of me, as if to force the little bushy tailed creature away with mere words and hand gestures. "Go on, scat! Run away little squirrel." I made to scoot him out of my way with my shoe, but he ignored me. Then i heard a voice, small and faint. "For someone who cares for the lives of others smaller than you, why do you care so little for your own?" I turned around, and looked everywhere, but even in the late morning air, the park was empty but for me and the animal in front of me. I looked back at the little guy. "Was that you? Or am i losing  everything before i leave the park today?" The last bit was more to myself, but not like the squirrel cared. "But i DO care miss. You saved my life when i was a young kit. I was in the road near your home, and i saw the lights of your car and i froze." 
I was shocked. This little squirrel was talking! And not just in words, but complete sentences! What was the world coming to? The squirrel continued its speech unhindered by my surprise.
"But you saw me then, so many years ago. You swerved to miss me, but you got pulled over by the cop around the corner and got that DWI. I followed you home, and watched your husband take your son and leave you for another woman. I cried with you when your dog died in your arms from his cancer. I have been here for every step since, from jail and the alcohol, to the drugs and the bad nights. But i can't just stay away and hide in the shadow of the trees anymore!"
I could hear the plaintive, steady tone even in the faint voice. I bent down and beckoned the little guy closer, curious even in my stunned silence. 
"Miss, please don't do this. Your son is just starting to grow up and he would mourn you. Your ex wishes he had stayed, and keeps your photo close. Don't do this, i beg you!"
His voice gets sad and quiet, but i can still hear him. 
"And i may just be a squirrel, but i would miss you too, so please don't walk out and go away. Don't be me f-from when we met, and let life pass you by."
I couldn't help but ask him "whats your name sir squirrel? You have been following me ever since that night, and now you're here to help me in my darkest hour, though the sun shines bright today?"
He said in his quavering, but firm voice with a deep richness i hadn't noticed until now, "it's Sam. And i'm glad that i finally could return the favor you gave me, Hannah. Now you turn around and go home. Me and my family will keep an eye on you and yours from now on, and we will be there to listen."
I saw the bus pass by through the archway, and when i looked back at the path Sam was gone, the only trace of him a small acorn. I picked up the acorn and started back home, stroking the acorn in my pocket while i did so. It had been so long since i had little Caleb in my arms again and i wanted to see him again and tell him mommy loves him. I looked back once more before i left the other side of the park, but I couldn't see him. I had a feeling he would be listening though.