Doctor Fern sat down on his favorite swivel chair and sighed. He closed his eyes after a long day of work. To his annoyance, the receptionist burst in hysterically.

"I thought I made it clear that we are closed for the day!" Doctor Fern said.

This was strange—considering how the receptionist was the type to follow rules and procedures. 

"Yes but..." The receptionist's voice trailed off.

Doctor Fern stood up and walked over to the receptionist. Trying his best to be patient-which isn't really doing much, he jabbed his stubby finger at the schedule on the wall. "Tell me, what does the time slot say at this time?"

"We're closed, but," the receptionist stood up straighter now and pointed at the sign outside, "The clinic's motto is *Refuse No One*." 

Doctor Fern relented, knowing that it isn't right to take out his pent-up stress on his receptionist—the receptionist wasn't the type to give up easily anyway. "Send them in."

A strange alien walked in, a green figure with a large head and large, dark eyes. It had a gash wound over its' arm, oozing out a deep syrup-like liquid. In a strange accent, it spoke, "Greetings earthling. We, of the Xaorg," The alien made a weird salute to the ceiling, "have come to claim this 'universal healthcare' program of yours."

Doctor Fern was affixed to the ground, he had no idea what to make of this strange alien before him. Doctor Fern remembered his training and that he had to try to be as professional as possible. 

Doctor Fern straightened his doctor's gown and said, "Erm... of course, of course. Do sit down." Doctor Fern gestured to a comfortable chair on the other side of his desk. 

The alien sat down and needless to say-it wasn't exactly pleased with the doctor. 

Doctor Fern sat at his large wooden desk, a neat folder cabinet to his left and a metal cup of pens and pencils to his right. Doctor Fern interlaced his fingers and said to the alien, "Do you have a name?"

The alien said, "My name is longer than any word you know. It is incomprehensible to your feeble mind. Just close this wound." The alien pointed to the large gash,  "Use the bandage, specification: roller." 

Doctor Fern was not exactly paying attention to what the alien was saying—rather, he was intrigued at the strange anatomy of the alien. From the proportions to the bone structure. He wanted to study everything.

The alien stared at him, and waited for a response. The alien wondered why the human race was such a dumb species. The human's ability to process information was surely lacking.

"Right, right. Bandage." Doctor Fern recovered. He walked over to the roller bandages and patched up the wound on the alien.

Years of experience couldn't prepare him for what happened next. The alien absorbed the bandage, and the wound got slightly smaller.

"Need more. Give whole roll." The alien said.

"Ah... sorry." Intrigued, the doctor handed him the entire box, filled with dozens of bandages. Doctor Fern leaned forward, observing it's strange process of healing.

As the alien was applying the bandage, going from one roll to another, Doctor Fern said, "So tell me, where did you get this wound?"

The alien paused and looked at him, "The laser of the enemy blaster grazed me. We of the Xaorg," Again, the alien did the same weird salute, "are in a war with the Gerd. We heard of this 'universal healthcare' so we come."

The alien went back to mending his arm. After around half a minute of awkward silence, the alien stood up and merely said, "Goodbye and thank you earthling."

The doctor stood up as well and said, "Have a good day now!" 

The alien spat at him—a formal way of saying goodbye in their culture. Doctor Fern ignored this supposed insult and said, "Right, please go to the doctor across the street next time. He is much better at treating aliens than I."

The alien spat again in acknowledgement and walked out the door.

After the alien left, Doctor Fern hobbled back to his favorite swivel chair and closed his eyes. He wondered what other weird alien species he would possibly see next. Doctor Fern didn't even get a few seconds of relaxation before his receptionist burst in once more, eyes wide open, "Doctor... There are 400 aliens waiting in the lobby and lined up outside the door."

~~Didn't proofread yet, I'll do it in a few hours :( (Might extend story/dialogue later as well)~~

r/chocolatechipwp <-just gonna leave this here




