The gun pressed against the side of my head was new to the future. The barrel hissed and whines as it half melted hairs, added that complex aroma into the world next to the stale scent of blood and the bloom of complex chemical interactions that created mainly ozone and carbon monoxide as a by-product.

"On your knees," my own voice barked, and I slid forward,legs thumping against the cold tile floor. I swallowed and looked up at him.

"Sorry kid, you know how this works," he said to me, his face red with a heat burn (a known side effect of time travel, losing layers of skin, creating an effect that resembled a sun burn but would eventually just cause massive blood loss. How many iterations was he in?) "I'm going to have to ask you to go back in there."

"I..." I stared up at him, then at the place around me, idly, my legs twitching. The gun remained pointed at my forehead, boiling hot steel.

The lab equipment was mostly fine, the scientists had been shot by the wall instead of near their delicate equipment, probably just to keep things nice for a celebratory picture.

It hadn't been the right camera; the film was too high caliber. My mind was hazy from the travel, from the brief moment of non existence, but seeing my own face ahead made me sure of it.

"Look, we don't have enough people to work the time machine," I protested. "It needed at least three people."

"Told you he'd say that," Another me stepped forward lazily from around the corner, brandishing the same gun."

"I know he was going to say it, I said it, idiot," the first me snarled at the second. "Now, are we going to resolve this paradox or what?"

"Paradox?" I squeaked. "That sounds bad."

"Yes, bad, they were going to put us down like pigs when the second showed up."

I cocked my head to the side, and then toppled forward as the machine went off behind me, sending out another spray of ozone and carbon monoxide.

"Oh, great," The gun men said, as they turned and stared at the next person coming out of the time machine. 

Bald, hair coming out in sickly chunks, blood dripping from every orifice, this version of myself merely pointed forward. "Fuck you!" He hissed, then topped over on the stubs that had used to be his feet. 

"Fuck you?" I asked, staring down at him. He gurgled angrily.

"Which person do you reckon he's talking to, and where is he even from?" said the first gun man to the second one.

"It doesn't matter where he's from, he can just select this location from anywhere, he could be us from years from now."

"I don't like much that one," The first one said.

Slowly, I inched my way, crawling forward on my knees, towards the dead scientists. The gun man watched me lazily. "I don't really know what you think you're going to get there."

"There are people here and they are dead, what the fuck is wrong with you?" I hissed.

"Honestly I'm just pissed because I've had to deal with all of me in the next couple of hours. Sorry past self," The gun man said. The second gun man nodded. 

"Yeah this place gets full of assholes really quick."

"We're literally all the same person," I said, staring at them.

"We should really go into some personality therapy after this."

"How the fuck are you guys this bad?" I looked down at the scientists. Bullet holes, finger paintings, mottled colors. Dead for a few hours, my degree told me. Who had painted the message in apology?

"Fuck youuuuuuuuuu!" The rotting corpse that had used to be me wheezed, coughing up more blood.

"What are we even doing!?" I hissed.

"Ideally, we're figuring out this situation," the other me, the one with the original gun said. "Before we end up like that guy, choking on his own liquefied lungs.

"And how do we figure it out?" I asked, looking at my future selves.

"Honestly, I'm not sure. I just know that I met myself from the future, so obviously I had to go to the future in order to fix this."

The second gunner nodded as well. "I'm fairly sure that we just get better and better at working the machine until one of us figures it out."

"We're biologists, not physicists!" I whined. "And that breaks every inch of protocol we established."

"Look man, I had to murder all of my colleagues today," Gunner two said, flashing his gun. "I don't really care about protocol at this point, I just want to use the machine so I can go back and time and fix that."

"I'm fairly sure we can't do that," I said. "According to contemporary logic, the second we saw their dead bodies, we'd have to take efforts to ensure that whatever happened to kill them would happen again. To maintain consistency."

"Exactly, which is why I shot them," The second said, nodding slowly.

I took a deep breath and sighed, turning to look at the third body, rotting on the ground as we spoke. "Do you think we're up for working the time machine?"

"Fuuuuuuucccckkkk youuuuuu!" The corpse me wheezed.

"That's what I thought."

"So? You getting back in the machine?"

I took a long breath and stood up. "You know what? No! Fuck you guys!"

"We're literally you."

"And you suck and you're massive assholes, and I'm SORRY I had to find this out about myself!" I threw my arms up, stepped over the dead bodies, ignoring the squish of blood on the soles of my feet, and walked out the door. "I'M GETTING LUNCH, GOOD LUCK FIGURING IT OUT."

Distantly, I heard a muffled "wait don't we need the original for this anyway" and then the door closed behind me.

I was going to order a pizza and start drinking. Fuck those guys.




------

For more like this, go here., https://www.reddit.com/r/Zubergoodstories/

