Power. Wealth. Influence. Those were the dreams and hopes of most of my peers, and most people thought that it was what I too wanted. Those people share one common trait: They're all idiots.

Since I was a kid, what I wanted was a way to distract myself sufficiently in order not to truly be myself. While I never felt fear, I did feel anger. I battled daily with images of me slaughtering those who I felt deserved it - and if there wasn't any conflict in my daily life, my mind involuntarily invented characters whom my mind-self could beat up, torture and kill.

  
I was in one such daydream where a small group of men had just attacked a school where I happened to be, when something interrupted my thoughts just as I was about to render one of the men blind.

It was a chilling sensation, but the door to my office and the windows were all closed. I felt the small hairs on my neck stand at up, and the hairs on my arms followed soon after. Something was out of the ordinary but I couldn't place what. Then I heard the voice:

\- "Human, as I have helped you to success, you have helped me increase my power. But now is the time for departure."

In front of my desk, dark smoke had appeared and as I watched, it expanded and grew more dense. A shape became visible inside it, and a creature about my height appeared. It resembled a man with large horns, clad in red velvet with golden accents. The face was worn and around his mouth was a well-trimmed goatee. But the most fascinating feature was his eyes that were a yellow glow, and as I looked closer, I saw flames dancing inside them.

\- "What... the fuck... do you mean? And who are you?" I inquired, my voice level. 

\- "I am the reason you dare do everything with no fear. I have absorbed your fear, it has fed me and added to my power. I have shared some of that power with you - used it to manipulate the outcome of several events in your life, in order for you to achieve your goals. But our partnership must come to an end."

\- "One hell of a partnership, since I didn't know I even had one," I mumled.

He continued: "As to your second question: I am Reza, and my race is what you humans refer to as demons."

I almost laughed, but this whole situation was way beyond what a mere stage magician could pull off with fancy effects and sleight of hand. I could feel his power, and while it didn't exactly scare me, it made me slightly uncomfortable.

\- "Have you also been seeding images of violence and blood into my brain?" I asked, a thinly veiled threat in my voice. Reza shook his head. 

\- "No, but I know of your... predicament. Now hear mine: My son has been corrupted by the creatures you people call archangels. He no longer believes in freedom of choise, but that all must be forced to adher to the archangels' idiology - as transcribed loosely in the book you call The Bible."

\- "Wait, that shit is real? Old Testament, New?" I interrupted. 

\- "The events, no, but the idiology behind it is. Now thanks to you, my power has grown considerably, and I can fight the archangels on their own territory, and fighting them is the only way I can speak to my son. If he choose to stay with the archangels after hearing me out, fine, but I owe him the choise."

\- "It seems to me he has already made that choise."

\- "His choise was influenced by deception and lies, I have a way of showing him the truth. But whether he will believe that it matters or not is beyond me. He may yet be saved from their influence, but it is also possible that they have swayed him entirely during the twenty years I have spent amassing power. But albeit, we will not have much time to talk - there will be no time for melancholy."

I tilted my head, and Reza seemed to ready for departure.

\- "I believe you," I said and meant it. "And I will help you, not because I feel like I owe you a favor or anything, let's be clear on that - but because this sounds fucking interesting."

The glow in Reza's eyes increased.

\- "And why would a mighty demon such as me, who was already one of the most powerful demons before I even met you, need you for anything? I have fire at my command, strength, stamina, teleportation. What can you do?"

\- "I can think. And I'm fairly certain about the time when we met. When I was thirteen, and my friend Brian's sisters were fooling around with drawing a pentagram using chalk and lighting candles and shit. I did just fine before I met you, you know. Although I can't control fire, I can't teleport - hell, I'm not even that good at running. And yet, I did just fine, and you know why? Because I'm not all these things. Which means I have to think my way through. Use what little I can do to achieve maximum results. And that's why you need me." I turned my swivel chair at an angle and put my legs on my desk, hands casually behind my head. Reza took a step towards me.

\- "You say you are smarter than me?"

\- "That too. But the most important thing is: You're very powerful, apparently even more so now than ever. Power makes you stupid, because you don't have to be clever when you can just flick your fingers and make all your problems go up in flames."

\- "A thing you would do well to remember, human. You are far too flammable to be mocking me."

\- "Nonono, I don't mean any disrespect. Or rather, I don't mean any undue disrespect. Come on, let's say you arrive where you need to go, and you're outgunned. You underestimated the archangels or whatever - but for some reason, all you power isn't enough. What's your plan then?"

Reza pondered in silence with crossed arms. Dark smoke began to appear from his skin.

\- "And you, human. What can you do if you stood by my side and that happened?"

I made a grin, took my feet down and leaned forward. "Take me with you, and I'll fucking show you. Fill me in on all the details, and I can do you one up. Instead of just talking to your son, I can help free him from their brainwashing."