Sorry on mobile formatting might suck. I'm also like 20% awake have fun and let me know what you think.

"So why am I here" I asked death as two or Sarah sat facing each other unblinking.

"Well anyone with enough mojo to bring back the dead is obligated to accept atleast one challenge to restore life" death said with a grin in her voice.

"Yes but why am I here, I haven't died yet" a sudden doubt filled my stomach with lead "have I?"

"No you're not dead just yet. Just a little glitch occurred and your friend is in a rematch, with Lucifer"

"How does that work?"

"She challenged Lucifer to a no holds barred staring contest"

"She poked him in the eyes, didn't she?" 

"Yes she did" 

"She plays dirty, but that doesn't explain why I am here"

"Well, after she won the first game she was free to return to the land of the living, but Lucy has always been a sore looser."

"Oh?"

"She is going double or nothing, and you get to decide the game"

"Why on Earth would she go double or nothing with her own soul?"

"If she looses she dies and goes to hell"

"But could be worth that risk!?!"

"Oh don't worry about that, she has her reasons, just name the game. I can't wait to see how this plays out"

"Fine one condition, I'm playing and paying the cost not her"

"Agreed"

"20 questions"

"That's a new one" death voice filled with surprise. "Name the specifics"

"Simple, I get to ask twenty yes or no questions, that must answer honestly"

"Lucy please come here and play this game, I shall keep an eye on our young Sarah" 

Lucifer smiled broadly as we settled into chairs.

"You have balls my boy, challenging the prince of lies to a game of truth"

"Did it hurt when she poked you in the eyes?" 

"Yes, 19 left"

"Shit, I didn't mean that as my first question!"

"The me is in the details boy" he giggled.

"Alright, did you extort her into this deal?"

"Yes, but that's hardly surprising, it's what I do, 18"

"Was she angry about what you said?" 

"Yes, she was quite livid about the whole affair, 17"

......

"Look, there are only six questions left you can ask her about you conceed and I will take you to hell and death can take her to the next life" 

"Wait, I am going to hell?" I asked dumbfounded

"Yes, you sold me your soul in exchange for a PlayStation when you were nine, five left"

"Shit that's embarrassing"

"Yeah, I didn't even give you controllers"

"Wow you are a spiteful one"

"It's the job, keep going"

"So she poked you in the eyes and you decided to get even, and when I was nine you left out the impliied controllers, and you offered her something to get her riled up"

"That is accurate but doesn't include a question"

"Did you threaten to have someone she cares about?"

"Yes, I threatened her soulmate four left"

"Do I know her soulmate?"

"Yes, three left."

"Is it someone I know?"

"Yes, two left before your both dead, pick carefully"

"Is this person dead?"

"Not yet but soon, last question before you have to give your final answer"

"Did you threaten to take me to hell as reprisal for her poking you in the eye?"

"Yes I did"

"I have an answer."

"She risked everything for me."

