Groggy, face pressed against the edge of the window, hair in my ears and mouth, I peer through the veil. Cherry red and gold stain the cream polyester of the seat in front. Acoustic whining is still bleeding through my ear buds. As definition returns to the modern patterns and laid\-back tempo, I brush aside my leave\-me\-alone defences and slowly stretch out. 

That can’t have just been a half hour nap, we were already half way to Seoul last time I checked, and I feel far more rested than I have in a few weeks. 

The Nanjing lady next to me noticed my movements; but gone were her friendly smiles from take\-off. Instead, all I got was an exasperated “*Aiyah, ni zenme hai zai shuijiao?*” I felt bad for having not told her before that I could understand Mandarin, otherwise I think she would have chosen some less direct words with her broken, distant auntie Chinglish. 

“What’s going on?”

“Silly girl, how did you sleep for four hours and not see what’s wrong?”

I slumped back into my chair. “See that what is wrong?”

“Look outside!”

There was nothing outside. It was just a few different shades of boring.

“There’s nothing outside…”

I pulled out one of my earphones as I turned back to her, and things got a little more confusing. There was a lot more chatter going on then what I would expect for a short flight like this. I looked up over my seat to see huddles of strangers focusing intensely on their discussions. Korean filtered in with the Chinese so much that I couldn’t make any of the latter out. But a distinct British voice cut through: “Did they refuel before we boarded?”

Evidently I had slept for a bit more than originally anticipated. I turned back to my exasperated southern friend to see no bemusement in my lack of awareness. 

“Exactly! Nothing! Over three hours now, and still just clouds.”

“Three hours? Seoul is only two hours away.”

“Aiyah! Listen, stupid girl. We left Beijing 9 in the morning, yes? It’s now 2 o’clock, and those girls know less than you do!”

An unfortunate stewardess happened to pass her accusing gesture at that moment but paid little attention to the insult. It probably saved her from falling to her face as the fuselage suddenly tilted forward, warranting a few screams from its occupants. 

The pitch forward was only by a degree or two, but it was enough of a start to raise many newfound concerns and opinions. And movement from one.

The cockpit door had remained closed all this time, and yet it was still with some surprise that the handle didn’t budge in my hand. Perhaps bolstered by my deciding to be the first to move, two young men gently moved me aside as they began to charge and then kick at the door, demanding entry. They must have practised beforehand because there now was an entrance, and I followed in behind them. 

Two seats for the pilots. Both with the same stain as the passenger chairs, but with no gold. There is a message flashing from every available screen, our faces now awash with cyan fear: “Seoul has fallen”.