I was in the living room, sitting in my old recliner and watching crappy television at 3:00 A.M.

I was mindlessly clicking the up button on the remote for the past 20 minutes, all the while eating a cheap cup of noodles and water. I thought, "Why do I torture myself like this nightly? Normal people would already be in bed about now..."

Just as I was getting ready to fall asleep, a swirling red vortex appeared from under my feet. A bony, long-clawed fist reached out from the portal and grabbed me by my feet, dragging me against my will.

When I arrived on the other side, I was met with the six beady eyes of my "master", Quincy, staring at me.

"What is it this time, Quincy?"

Quincy was a being with a voice rather similar to the stereotypical "math geek."

"Um...I lost my mask again...," Quincy said with a nervous grin.

"That's the 9th time this week...and it's not even Thursday yet! You *really* need to clean up your cave better," I said with a rather agitated tone. "Alright, let's get a move on, then."

My master's cave was even more putrid than last time. There were many boxes of rotten bat wing laying around. Most of the floor was covered with rancid buffalo sauce. There was a bunch of other garbage as well, the usual. Overall, his room smelled like a mixture of stale cheese, beer, buffalo sauce, and garlic.

I tried not to vomit as I rummaged through the boxes of wings; the only thing I found, however, was a bottle of old Hell Onion liquor. "H-....How do you even DRINK this stuff?!? It tastes just like my uncle smells, and he doesn't exactly smell like peaches and cream...," I asked Quincy.

Quincy replied, "What do you mean? This stuff is great! You "humans" are the disgusting ones. You drink what comes from the nipple of a different species. That's just *REVOLTING*!"

That did get me to thinking about humanity a bit.

After hours of looking through his piles of junk, I found his mask in the darkest corner of his cave, looking at me as if it was judging me...

"Uh...thanks, friend," Quincy casually told me.

I put my hand on his shoulder and reminded him, "Next time, you better clean your room before you call me, okay Quincy?"

"*Yeeeeeeeah*...," Quincy said in such a way that I knew he isn't going to actually do it. "Let me send you back to your home now."

Quincy uttered a Hellish incantation and opened a large portal. He smacked me in the back to get me out of there.

When I got back to my house, it was about 9:00 in the morning. I went to go throw away my noodle cup, but then when I looked in the trashcan, I found the remnants of the candy bars I threw away a few days ago to be gone. Quincy then appeared behind me so quietly that he nearly gave me a heart attack. He put his bony hand on my shoulder and, with a sheepish grin, said, "Oh yeah. Sometimes, I like to eat candy bars out of the garbage..."
