His phone buzzed awake, woken by a call from his wife, Christie. Horado picked it up immedietly, he knew it had to be important; his wife never called him when he was at work. After all a single mistake and all his customer had was a broken clock. But he never made mistakes he was the best clock maker in the business.

Realising he had zoned out he snapped back to reality to hear the last words of his wife's sentence:

"-in labour"

He assumed he misheard: his wife had been in labour for 15 years and today did not feel like the all fateful day.

"Sorry i didn't hear yo--"

"I SAID IM IN LABOUR GET TO THE HOSPITAL NOW" Screamed Christie, her urgency being clearly conveyed over the phone.

Horado had never moved so fast in his life, his baby boy was finally being born after 15 years. This was a once in a universises lifetime occurence. After all in a society where a 2 month overdue baby may have psycho-kinetic powers, it was difficult for him to even fathom the idea of his son's power. 

He was at the hospital in minutes and he burst straight into her room disregarding the warnings of the staff and there she was: covered in sweat, legs open.

"ITS COMING" She yelled over her owen screams of pain.

"PUUUUSSHHH"

And it was then, that the baby was pulled out. The baby seemed surprisingly normal; although he didn't know what else he had been expecting. The cries of the baby filled the room, drowning Christie's screams.

Before anyone could move an inch the nurse took a blood sample and inputed it into a large computer so they could instantly recognise the superpower. As they anxiously watched the result load (with an astounding degree of patience) they failed to notice the baby growing at impossible rates: its skin no longer translucent and smooth, its cries slowly getting lower.

"BEEP" 
 The results had finally arrived.

The nurse read it aloud:
Baby has a never seen before time related ability.

Him and his wife gasped with anticipation.
"Experiences life 100000x faster, other abilites incl--"

It was only after that, that they finally looked back at their son who was already in his 50s and on his way to the 60s. Their son, although possesing an old ageing ability died in the next minute at the age of 314. 

 THE END

Note: the math is probably wrong.
Note 2: This is my 2nd ever writing prompt and its on mobile so there are 100% mistakes.
Note 3: my Engrish has deteriorated as I am in Japan for exchange currently so dont be too harsh


Edit: some nerd did the math and its not 100000 times faster but 165,038,400x faster (i was close enough)