Death found him waiting before the Doors of Darkness. He has long waited for this moment. Death took his sweet time preparing himself, dressing in his finest raiment - shadows spun and threaded into patterns of oblivion, with the fading light of the stars embossed on them. He has been patient, very patient. And now his time has come.

Death stepped out of the Doors in his full glory, an imposing shadow towering over the lone figure of a man, aged yet standing strong before Death's presence. 

Life - or what was left of him - locked eyes with Death. For eternity both have engaged in this struggle over creation. Life seemed spent, but his eyes still burned brightly like miniature suns, and on his face Death could still glimpse a quite dignity and defiance. 

"So," Death greeted his eternal rival. "it has come to this, brother. I have won, and you have lost."

Life meets Death's gaze. He sighs and smiles faintly. "So it seems, brother..."

Death smiled widely. He is enjoying this moment. Throughout time the two have been locked in eternal combat over the destiny of the universe. Death is there to destroy, tear apart, burn to ashes, and let all things fade. 

Life, on the other hand...well, Life, uh, finds a way. And he has always foiled Death's plans for so long. For every devastating war Death wages, Life brings about a golden age of peace and progress. For every plague, famine, and pestilence, Life emerges beaten but stronger than ever. For every decimation Death instigates, Life seems to find a few thousand hardy folk to repopulate and start anew. Even when humanity has begun to reach into the vastness of the universe, facing new threats Death has devised, Life was always there. Persistent, enduring, guiding.

But it has all come to naught, thinks Death. He glides closer to Life, who has remained unmoving. Death circles Life like a predator circles his prey.

"You might have thought that you can endure forever, brother. But time has always been on my side. I have told you that even as you endured, Death eventually wins!" Death faces Life and they both locked eyes for one final contest.

Death's eyes are like black holes - one stares into them and all he sees is never-ending darkness that would rend one's mind and soul. Life's eyes blazes into twin orbs of fire and fury. Though Life will fade, it seemed resolved to shine brighter in its last moments.

Life stirs, he lowers his gaze, the light fades. Death smiles.

"Brother, it seems that the time has come for me to submit to you," Life's voice was strong, and it reverberates throughout the expanse - what is left of the universe at the end of all things. "I go now to join those who have gone before me. I now go to be with those I have loved for so long."

Life extends his hand to Death. Death steps back, surprised at this gesture.

"So, brother. Shall we join our hands in friendship one last time? We have been contenders for so long. But among all else, we have been - and are still - brothers . We were the first to come to being at the dawn of creation. It is but fitting we shall be the ones to usher in the end. What do you say?" Life smiles.

Something inside Death stirred. Death smiles. Though he feels triumphant, he knows that he will miss the eternal struggle with Life. It is but a kindness to grant Life's last wish. Death reaches out and grasps Life's hand.

Suddenly a bright light pulses from both their hands. Death, surprised, tries to free himself but he is held fast by Life. The light glows brighter and envelops their arms.

"WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!" Death bellows. He calls forth the darkness, the dying stars pulsing erratically throughout his form. Dark tendrils reach out to try and stifle the growing light. "IS THIS ANOTHER OF YOUR TRICKS?! YOU WILL NOT PREVAIL, BROTHER! I HAVE WON! I MUST TAKE YOU INTO THE DARKNESS! I HAVE WON! I HAVE PREVAILED! YOU CANNOT WIN!!!!"

"Ah, my brother," Life stands peacefully amidst the tempest of shadows, "It is you who have failed. You failed to understand the purpose of our contest. You failed to realize that the end of all things does not mean MY end only."

"WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?! AHHHHH IT HURTS! IT HURTS! YOU CHEATED BROTHER! YOU CHEATED! I WIN THIS TIME! THIS IS UNFAIR! AHHHHHHH!!!" 

Life and Death are engulfed in the blazing light. Death coils like a wounded snake in its death throes, spewing darkness into the void. The stars are taken into the growing light, becoming one with it. Life stands firm. He steps forward and embraces Death. 

"You have to understand..." Life whispers into Death's ear.

The light blazes brightly, then compresses into a single, infinitesimal point. 

"The End is merely a Beginning..."

