What if I told you I was the unluckiest guy to ever walk the earth?  Would you believe me?  Here it is, the year 2364 and a man by the name of Leon Baram invents a way of systematically and without error can recreate a damaged human brain with a small shot in the neck.  These little devices sell for $3 Ameros, can be stored in any environment and as long as there are at least some living cells they can be brought back to life! Not only brain tissue but any tissue.

Now where do I come in?  Well as soon as these were in mass production my automated car decides to drive off a bridge all while I was taking a nap before work.  Here I am in heaven in line at the pearly gates.  I am the last person in line, the poor fella in front of me has been in line for 2 days.  I would feel sorry for him but at least he was 93 years old.  He doesn’t speak a word of English either.

So after I get to the gateway of heaven Saint Peter lets off a great big sigh. "Well my son, I am quite exhausted."  He slammed shut a giant dusty book.  "I'll tell you what, you being the last guy and all... You didn't have the best track record but what the hell, get in here."

I quickly walked in and was engulfed in white light.  Suddenly the light faded and I noticed it was a large open prairie.  In the prairie there were little boys and girls playing and some adults enjoying some tea.  I glanced behind me and noticed a man standing next to a door.  

"Hello sir, is there anything I can help you with?"

Taking it all in, I finally mustered the words "Where am I?".

"Why sir you are in heaven of course!" He said cheerfully.

"What do you mean if this is heaven where is everyone else?"

"Well you see humans have been busy making ways to avoid death for years, this area of heaven is for people who have been in heaven for only a few minutes on earth.  When you are ready you can leave this area and you can visit other people’s worlds or have a place all to yourself, or with your friends and family. It’s never lonely in heaven.  There is even a place where billions of people come together in one big never ending city where you can get lost for days.  But this area here, It’s kind of like a tutorial to learn the ropes"

"How does time work here, you mentioned Earth minutes?"

"It seems you are bright soul, in this particular area time goes by much faster than on Earth.  One Earth minute is about 6 days here.  Some places it is the opposite, you can spend days here and years will have gone by."

"How do I meet my family and friends? There are people I miss very much."

"Your deceased family members are already waiting for you at the top of the hill, they have already prepared a meal for your arrival, like a Deathday party.  Yeah, you’re going to have those now.  They have missed you greatly.  Why don’t you go catch up?"

“One last question, what’s in the door?” I asked.

“Behind this door lies Earth.  Whenever you want you can check on Earth in real time”.
I thanked the man and walked to my family, tears ran down my face and I saw my parents again and hugged them warmly.  Time went by so quickly; it was like vacation every day.  There were plenty things to do to keep busy; things to see, learn, experience.

After spending the next 150 years in heaven I have a had a great peace and wisdom.  In my early years I was very curious of what happened to life on Earth but quickly forgot.  One day I see St. Peter running for the gates.  Puzzled I noticed the line was filling up fast.  “What could have happened?”  I thought.  As many others did, they decided to check on Earth.
I stepped through the door and experienced the same white light, the same glow so long ago.  I found myself in a world-wide desert and all of the population lived in the one last habitable zone, Antarctica.  Immortal they were but at what cost?  They lived like refugees Ships ran daily to bring in the $3 Amero Lazarus pens.  The 400-year-old Trump dynasty had taken its toll on the planet.  People where injecting themselves daily to counter the organ failure of malnutrition.  I guess I wasn’t so unlucky after all.
 
