If your eyes stopped seeing for milliseconds, would you mistake it for a blink?

Daydreams they called it. It had happened to me twice in the 19 years since birth. The first time, I was walking to the theatre, hoping to catch the next Fast and Furious installment. Suddenly, there was utter darkness. The next thing I remember is waking up rooted to the same spot, surrounded by the same people. I would probably not have noticed anything out of the ordinary had I not missed the few minutes of the movie. However, unlike people I had heard rumors about I couldn’t remember my dreams. 

After the phenomenon, I read a few dream journals online. Day dreams -it turns out- were very similar to regular dreams, except a lot of people reported hearing whizzing sounds. I discovered that although daydreams weren’t a modern phenomenon, their instances had escalated in the last few decades. Then recommendation of irrelevant articles popped up about how lack of sleep could be a factor. There was even an ancient article about how dozing off behind the wheel caused something called a car accident. 

The second incident happened on the day of my brother’s lensing ceremony. He had just turned one and had barely started forming words. We were taking him to get his lenses attached so that he would have 20-20 vision for the rest of his life.
“Where are you? We are all waiting at the optometrist’s office,” Aunt Kylie’s video call filled the entire HUD of the car.

While my mother was talking to Aunt Kylie I was pressing my left eye with my finger so that it looked as though I was seeing two images, one superimposed on top of another. All this time I was busy poking my eye I hadn’t noticed an ultra-thin concave film fall to the floor. 

All of a sudden, my right eye went blind. I tried to scream but my mouth wouldn’t open.  Unable to turn my head, my good eye was restricted to a single image, the view outside the window. I could still see a few immobile vehicles and faces from the car. But there was something odd about the faces. All these people had pitch black eyes. Not only the pupils or even the irises but the entire eye, including the normally white sclera, was pitch black. 

I stumbled upon my reflection on the side view mirror. My left eye had somehow become opaque in spite of my open eye lid. I realized my eyes were no different from the pedestrians’. They too had a black coating.  

A man fell to the pavement right in front of me. I could hear a constant whizzing sound, getting louder and louder. A rope fell to the floor. It was unclear what it was dangling from. Two men in hazmat suits descended down the rope. One of them put two fingers at the base of the man’s neck, probably looking for a pulse. He then looked up somewhere and gestured to someone with a closed fist and an extended thumb. These men then tied the rope around the man and all three of them were reeled up.
 
Just moments later, my vision was restored. “Looks like I had one of those daydreams,” my mother announced. I ignored her and looked at my brother, who was now crying in the back seat. I found comfort in knowing I wasn’t the only one to witness what had happened
