I see her sitting under the giant poplar tree that stands in the center of the park, alone on a late autumn evening barely lit by the rosy tinge of the fleeing dusk. She has a book in her hands and is seated cross-legged on a bench with a cigarette perched from her lips. Her skin is a golden brown and her raven hair falls in waves upon waves of pure darkness. She's beautiful, too beautiful to be honest. Death isn't supposed to be this beautiful.

I am a fool.  

He had warned me how dangerous this could be. Being this close to her, I can't doubt the truth of that warning, not with the tension I feel build between me and her – not of nervousness, but of something else entirely, like static. She notices it too, and lifts her gaze to meet mine. Distant green eyes peer into me as a cold breeze blows through the park. My heart stampedes through my chest and I even start sweating despite the evening chill. She smiles to me, catching me off-guard. I lied about not being nervous.
In the indeterminable distance I hear Him speak.

"Go, son of Hubris. End it all if you must, but know that there will be no return, no redemption, no solace from the crushing weight of your decision. You leave me, and so I leave you. You and she will be the end of all things."   

“She holds the other half,” I mumble, not taking my eyes of her.
  
He does not speak again. Perhaps it is the last time I will ever hear Him. A fitting end to our strange acquaintance. There was no sentiment to be had between Gods and ambitious mortals. I take a deep breath and move towards her. It feels so natural to be headed in her direction, as normal and instinctive to me as breathing. 

The park is empty this time of day, blessedly, though I don't think it matters in the slightest.
I stop a few paces from where she sits and stand there awkward and rigid with my fists clenched tight. I've never been this close. The connection is intense, like a rope drawn taut and ready to snap at any moment. 
  
“Hi.” She speaks softly with a mischievous smile on her face, looking up at me from behind unruly strands of dark hair, squinting against the fleeing light.

“Hello.” I reply, frozen to the spot.     

She nods to the empty space next to her. I sit down on the far end of the bench, putting some distance between us. The attraction is dazzling me. I feel every fiber of my being draw towards her, as if the very molecules binding my flesh want nothing more than to tear from their bonds and fall into her gravity well. She is the singularity – not even my light is a match to the grip of her darkness.
She takes a drag on her cigarette, uncoiling her legs to the ground. She exhales puffs of smoke that get snagged up by the wind. I notice the grass wither and become grey where her feet touch the ground.

“I can't stay away any longer,” I admit, and as I say it I feel a creeping realization wash over me.   

It feels good, far better than I ever could have anticipated, like the weight of a boulder slides of my shoulders now that I have abandoned any pretension of strength.

“Mhm...” she purrs, taking another drag on her cigarette. 
It flares down to the butt until there is nothing left to burn. She speaks, and her voice is like dark honey, intoxicating.

“I knew you would come, eventually...”  

“Then you know more than me, it would seem...”  

“Well, you always had a choice, at least a little. But boredom got to you. There was only thing left, and here I am.”  

I look at her, drinking in the sight of her like a man dying of thirst. An unbidden thought pops into my mind.
I never had a choice. He lied to me. There was never any escaping her.

“It's better like this anyway,” she says, tucking away the book.
I've not the presence of mind to notice the title. She continues.

“I don't think this hiding and skulking about suits you. You're supposed to be bold, not timid. That's what life is isn't it?”

“Life is tenacious,” I say, folding my hands and trying to keep a level head.

“As is the mouse fleeing the cat,” she answers.  

“And without the mouse there would be not cat..”  

“But that's not what we are...”  

And she is right. We are more than that.
The silence stretches on. The last sliver of light is eventually blocked out by the distant skyline.

“What happens now?” I ask.  

She looks at me, then bursts out laughing and it is nothing short of glorious. I've never heard a symphony like it. A shiver tingles my spine, filling me with a warmth I had forgotten even existed. Oblivion never sounded so sweet. 

“What?!” I demand.  

Racked by convulsive laughter and wiping snot from her nose, she tries to answer but fails.
I shake my head.

She eventually regains composure and turns to me, crossing one leg over the other. Green eyes search mine. The mischievous smile never leaves her face.

“I thought you were the one who would tell me, to be honest...”  

I have never thought beyond this moment. I merely took His warning on faith, as if the fusion of our beings would occur instantaneously when we met, and with it the world would be remade, cast in a new light. Clarity would no longer elude me. 

“He said we would be the end of all,” I say.    

“And do you think he was right?”  
  
“Yes. Yes I think so..."     
 
“So do I. So do I. I said I don't know what we are supposed to do, but I have my suspicions... “    

She edges closer to me. The static is buzzing through my head like a swarm. Her voice breaks through and I latch onto it as if it's my lifeline to sanity.

“See, everything has to end, right, so when you found your half and I found my half, we both knew they belonged to a larger whole. We need each other. We are aspects of the same, pieces of a whole. It's actually funny, because I was supposed to chase you, but I realized one thing: if I don't, you'll eventually chase me, because even if you fear me, you realize deep deep down that without me you are nothing, just as I am nothing without you... Perhaps this is what we need to teach them, because they have forgotten. But you and I, we know...”  

“You and I,” I repeat as if caught in a trance.  

I start thinking of physics, matter and antimatter, how one cancels the other out, how the force of it all is so immense, so dangerous... She's closer now, her slender hand glides across the bench towards me, inching closer and closer.

“Because,” she continues softly, “How can life grow if there is no death to drive it onwards? How else can there be a-”  

“-rebirth,” I finish.  

The last bit of hesitation flees me. Whether by choice or fate, it does not matter. It happens either way. The rope snaps, the crackling static explodes my mind. Then there is silence.
We both stare at our interlocking hands, baffled, then we look at one another.
 
And the world does not end that day. But now I know why it eventually will. 
