"Please, you must open the door or they will come for me" 
I could hear her crying and with a sincere sound of panic in her voice.
I had seen a bite mark, hadn't I?
She started bashing on the door, yelling that they were getting closer and she would die if you didn't let her in.

My tears started rolling down my cheek, she was my daughter still. What kind of father would I be if I let my daughter be hurt by those, things. Slowly I crept towards the door, In one hand I still held the broom I grabbed when the chaos started.

"Hold on, I'm opening the door" I told her while I reached for the lock, and turned it around. The door opened with a click and she ran inside, closing the door behind her. I backed away in shock, I was not prepared for her rushing in like that.

I knew she was almost 18 years old now but she would always be my little girl. Still turned away from me I heard her crying slowly dying out. "Are you ok, did they hurt you" I asked her and slowly went closer.

Then she straightened up and turned around, her top was partly torn and a large bite mark could be seen near her shoulder. 
I backed away with shock. It was true, she had been infected already. A smile opened up on her face, "Don't worry daddy, this won't take long" and then she suddenly started to run towards me.

I just managed to steer her away with the broom but this would not work. All that was needed was one bite and I would become one of them. I smacked her on the legs with the broom to make her loose balance. With only a few seconds to spare I turned around towards the door and made a run for it. Fumbling with the lock I could hear her getting back up and starting to move towards me. 
"Why are you resisting? This isn't a bad thing, daddy" 

The lock turned around with a click and I threw the door open and ran into the hallway. 
"You should listen to your daughter" I heard a voice saying from the opposite side. I recognized it, it had to be my neighbour.

He was just standing there at the opposite part of the hallway, he looked exactly the same as he used to do. Even had the same slightly bent over composure, but one thing set him apart.

One of his arms were nothing more than a bloody mess, it was barely holding together but he didn't seem to care at all. A sudden thought of clarity hit me, "they are smart but it's not them, what ever is going on they are not people any longer"

The door out was locked and there was no way I was going to open it without getting bit. My neighbour from one way and my daughter from behind I only had one real way to go. The door to the kitchen was open so I ran in, quickly closing the door behind me. This door couldn't be locked so I just stood and pushed towards it while they tried to get in. 

The sound of broken glass interrupted me, looking back I saw another man climb through a window. The glass tore through his skin but didn't react at all. Panicked I grab hold of a bookcase and push it down in front of the door.
"Sorry for breaking in, but I heard you needed help" A voice said calmly. I turned around and saw the man stand just in front of me. He looked like a highschool student but that wasn't him, not anymore.

He slowly approached me, backing me into a corner. Meanwhile my daughter managed to break through the door. They all just stood silently in half circle around me, I was completely trapped. 
As a last hope I grabbed something in blind from the desk behind me and started swinging around. I managed to hit my neighbour in the head, but an empty plastic bottle didn't do much damage. 
"It's ok, don't be scared" my daughter said before grabbing my arm and burrowing her teeth in me.

Sitting down on the floor the entire world was spinning around, my thoughts were everywhere. Was this the end, would I turn into a mindless beast now.

Then everything cleared and any pain I had was gone, the world seemed brighter and I saw my daughter standing in front of me, smiling. "Welcome to the world of the living" she said happily before helping me up.
