A tired and emotionally drained man sits at his desk at home.  With dinner cooking in the kitchen as he begins to write in his best hand in a crisp new journal.

'Doctor told me to keep a journal so here we go.'  The words flow slowly from the pen to the page, as he gathers his thoughts and worries to write his testament.  Looking up for a moment, at a house that was as alien as it was familiar.  He couldnt remember having gotten it nor did he remember some other details though his troubles flowed to the page.

'The kids again have slipped out thinking they are being sneaky to go deal with a crime, or fire, or something.  I really wish they would at least attempt to make an effort to allay my worries.  That they will come home ok.'  He shakes his head undoing a button down shirt that has the local municipality's logo on it.

'How to start well hell first theres Hunter my oldest.  This is where it gets strange.  He was bitten by a lab animal and like in the movies he gained powers and abilities.  The animal in question?  It was a panther a fragging black panther.  Hes strong fast and tough and has the grace of a predator. The senses of one to.'

'Then there's my middle child Jennifer.  One night she was a normal moody sixteen year old annoyed with her slightly older twin (by two bloody hours wont let them see this book shes to damned sore over the fact he was born 10:59pm and the was born the next day at 12:59 am) because he got special powers and she was feeling left out.  Next thing I know shes floating FLOATING about the house on high tech little wings saying aliens gave her an early birthday present!

That aside then theres Chad the youngest at twelve.  A child prodigy they call him.  He is a smart boy gets good grades.  But his strength is in learning martial arts.  Just by watching a training video, its like his muscles absorb their movements, and then just wait for him to put a move into play.'

He stops writing and goes to stir dinner before it burns.  Kicking off his boots before sitting back down.

'They try not to worry me but after talking to my buddy who is an assistant chief of police,  He slipped me a police radio for home and one for the truck so I can monitor for my kids antics.  Honestly a Landfill guy shouldnt have to deal with this shit but they are my kids.... I dont leave family business alone.'  He pauses writing again concern crossing his face even more now. Setting the pencil down and pulling his phone.

As he makes his call he gets voicemail and simply leaves a message his concern in his voice as he says "Hey Tony I'ts me, know your having dinner with the wife and kids but you know me best and I know Ive only been in town let alone texas for less than a decade and a half.  Did I have kids when we met? And if I did.  Did I ever introduce you to them or their mother?"  He hangs up and puts away the journal in a gunsafe he has no memory of buying.  Going back to making supper,  for a family his brain is trying to tell him he didnt have the month before.  But that there was the sense of love and concern one would have for their kids none the less.  Just wether it was implanted or not was what concerned him slightly more than his kids fate as the police radio begins to squawk codes.