It was an unusually quiet night.  The man in the brown derby cap looked up and down, and saw he was alone on the platform, except for a single other passenger at the far end.  He supposed most others had already gone and made the trip.  The few that remained, too settled in the old ways to be moved, would carry on much as they always had.

He lifted his hat and ran his hand through his hair. He breathed deep, stopping to enjoy the once familiar sounds around him. The typical bustle of the station had been replaced by the soothing hum of crickets, punctuated with the hoot of a lone owl.

“Savor the moment” he told himself. “You don’t know when you’ll be back, if ever again.”  

He let that thought pass through him, pushing aside the deep sadness, trying to embrace the wonder and excitement that had been with him since The Day.  

As he wrestled with these conflicting emotions, the ground began to vibrate. Gently at first, then growing to a steady pulse that was noticeable but not entirely unpleasant.  He looked down the old track, overgrown with weeds, and saw the distant glow of the hover tram.  Barely a speck on the horizon at first, it rapidly grew, highlighting the speed and smooth contours of the vehicle. 

The tram pulled into the station with a whoosh of air and stopped as imperceptibly as a feather landing on a still pond.  As the doors slid open, a tiny smile crept across his lips. 

“This is the way forward” he said to himself with surety. 

From here it was a few hours ride to The Lift in Kenya.  Once he was through customs, it would be another 2 days to make the ascension to GEO, followed by the week long journey out to the base at New Cardiff on Ganymede.  From there, he would have his choice of several extra-solar colonies.  

He turned his head and took a last long look at the moonlit country that surrounded the station. 

“Good bye Wales.” He thought to himself. This would be his last trip from Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch. 

(Forgive any typos: written on mobile in spurts during a semi busy work day. :/)