First I got to say, this is the most fun writing prompt I have seen yet. I just kept going and couldn't stop writing. It was too damn fun.

&#x200B;

My mother, Synthia, opened the side backdoor next to my seat to begin pulling me out. As usual, she reached to see my drawing I had been doctoring since the start of the ride 15 minutes earlier. Unsurprisingly, her jaw dropped.

“Oh my god hunny! It’s beautiful! You're gonna grow up to be brilliant, I just know it!” She said in a high pitched emotional voice.

I thought to myself, well, of course, it's amazing. For a three-year-old. But I hadn’t been an ordinary three-year-old. Little did she know, I had 86+ years of bonus experience under my diaper. I had it all figured out since God gave me the option to relive my life. By 7 I would become the youngest oil painter in my state, by 11 I would become the best writer in my country, and by 15 I would be quickly getting my doctorates in psychology. Something I always wanted to do, but decided to become an oil painter instead. I do nearly fully regret it, as I was rather poor up until my granddaughter won the lottery. Sadly, I only got to experience that money in the last 3 years of my life. Hmm, I thought, maybe I could visit her. A toddler driving a Ford F250 going 70 miles down the highway wouldn’t be suspicious, would it?

After examining it, she gently placed it on the stack opposite to my seat of other drawings she promised her husband she would find a place for. I never liked my father, (my second father that is) he would always get intimate with mom while I was still in the room. Blatant disregard for my feelings.

Mom began going for the buckles in my car seat, unstrapping them. I feel most babies would hate this thing, but I absolutely loved it. We never had these straps when I was growing up, nor when I raised my daughter did we either. We didn’t even have seatbelts, those damn hippies trying to put safety bars on life. What’s life without a little risk, without bloodshed? Where’s the fun? But back to the point, this thing was cooomfffyyyyy. She’d put a heated blanket around me when going on long rides. I haven’t been cold since those damn trenches back in Germany.

After she unbuckled the straps, she lifted me out of the seat and into my stroller. She closed the door, and we were off. Everywhere people would wave at me and smile, I don't think I've ever had this much attention. Come to think of it, it’s funny how I’d lived a life of 86 years, raised two generations of kids, graduated college, fought in The Great War and I never got this many eyes. But a random baby sucking intensely on a sugary processed .50c lolly pop mom bought from the Amazon attracted this much attention.