"But... all of our physics laws tell us that faster than light travel is impossible!"

The vaguely reptillian alien was no longer sticking to formal diplomatic speech.  It had taken us weeks to get to this point, through first contact, docking procedures, figuring out each others' atmospheres, teaching each others' languages into translation computers, and the rest.

"Well sure, our laws told us that too.  In no uncertain terms, really."

"And yet, you are... here. Not on a generational seed ship but on a lone cruiser.  How can this be?"

"Well," I started to explain, "you see, we didn't really like that answer and-"

"You didn't LIKE the answer provided by the laws of physics??" The translator was providing the context, indicating that the alien ambassador was surprised beyond the pale.

"Yes well, we have this show Star Trek you see, and, well, it's not important.  The point is some people wanted to try just to see what happened.  So we took a test ship and accelerated it up as close as we could to the speed of light, approximately 98%-"

"Excuse me human, but reaching that speed with any significant mass would take a tremendous amount of energy. How could you have provided it?"

"Sure it does. And as we haven't quite gotten fusion power to work yet, we used fission power."

"Ah yes, nuclear electric ion drives, we too are exploring this technology in our space science endeavors.  It is good to know that we are on the right path."

"Well no, it wasn't an ion drive in the end. You see, we instead used uncontrolled fission-fusion reactions to propel the craft forward-"

The alien kept interrupting me for some reason, "You used nuclear weapons to propel your craft?? These are tremendously destructive! They are banned from our planet for a reason!"

"Oh it isn't too bad as long as you're careful with it."

"How many did it require?"

"What?"

"The nuclear weapons, how many did it require to accelerate your ship up to 98% of the speed of light?"

"Oh, a few thousand. On the ship that is.  We had actually gone ahead and strung out about twenty thousand along the expected trajectory so the ship wouldn't have to carry all the extra mass."  

"But, that amount of radiation would have contaminated the entire system.... it would take millenia for those radiation products to decay or be cleaned up. This is totally insane!"

"Yes well, it worked so it was worth it. When our ship finally got up to speed the onboard physicists noticed that the laws of physics were changing differently than we expected, and we were able to invent the Hawking drive that brought me here.  The USS YOLO is the pride and joy of our deep space exploration fleet, named to honor the scientists who carried out those pioneering experiments."