"We've been over this Karen.  There is no way to wish for more wishes.  You get one wish. One," I sighed.  

Out of all my clients, she was the slowest to understand.  Most people went for healing sick family members or flight.  After all even genies got sick of calculating the richest person in the world to add a tiny amount extra.  Besides the economy suffered from the constant shifting of gold.  One day it is theirs and the next day someone else had the same pile of gold in their backyard. 

"Remember you want something that will bring you joy or fulfillment.  Don't ask for money.  Or something you can get easily," Karen pressed her hands against my desk trying to pout her way into a bad decision.  

"But I can't decide.  I want everything!" Karen said.  Her eyes bright but she still didn't understand I had no interest in her beyond the fee. Written into the wish were a standard payment of goods for my use. Generally food or supplies.  Never money. 

"As I mentioned before, if you are satisfied then I can set you up with my other magical contacts.  So really there is a chance of other wishes," I hated repeating myself but Karen thought I'd change my mind.  If she hadn't come in with an unknown genie, then I'd have refused her business. 

However, she had managed to come into contact with one of the desert genies.  Ancient magic that is untested.  The challenge to provide even more elaborate experiences had me biting my tongue.  I so wanted to kick Karen out of my office.  

Yet, my regular clients would pay top dollar to live as a Sultan for a day.  To experience life in the time of Pharohs or to taste handmade delicacies that no longer existed.  Genies can only provide what they know.  I had one on my roster that had been in space that had me set for life.  If only another one hadn't seen me unlock my safe, then I'd be holed up and retired. Yet, that had set me back 10 years.  Any money a genie saw could be granted to another. 

A detail Karen couldn't understand.  She had appeared with a bagful of cash.  Anyone could have seen it outside.  As we talked, I felt the familiar feeling of magic.  Karen had been robbed.  Her purse looked empty on the floor.  Probably by one of my contacts, I smiled.  

"If you really can't decide, then why not wish for gold or money.  It's not for all my clients, but I think for your case it may be best," I said.  At my words,  Karen smiled. 

"I just knew I could have it all with your help!" Her giggle sent a chill down my spine, but she had to learn the hard way. Wishes don't come easy.  

