One moment I was just standing in my kitchen, pouring milk into my cereal. The next moment I was standing in a dim room lit with several candles pouring milk onto a dusty stone floor. I looked around and locked eyes with three terrifying beings, all of them staring back at me with what looked like a mix of awe and shock. 

Then one of them spoke, it was a low hiss, barely audible.

"Shit.. Dameon... I told you these Ouija boards are not to messed with"

"I meant it as a joke! I had no idea this would happen and you know it Lucy!"

Their faces looked like something straight out of hell, but their suspicious names made me think that my guess was correct. I was still in shock at this point, with my half-empty jug of milk still dripping out of the opening. 

The awkward silence was really bugging me, so I decided to try talking to them.

"Uh.. Hi?"

They jumped back in horror, one of them making a strange squeaking noise.

"It can talk?!"

The one named Lucy seemed alarmed at their friend's exclamation.

"Oh shut up Fred, you might provoke it!"

At this point I had nothing to lose, my house was gone, my milk was almost gone, and I was pretty sure they were more terrified of me than I was of them.

"I have no idea how I got here... um... Do you think you could help me get back to my own house?"

The demon-like creatures stared at me for several moments, before the one named Dameon managed to speak.

"Well.. I don't really know how you got here either.. we were just messing around with an Ouija board because I wanted to prank these guys"

Lucy slapped his arm and turned to me.

"I'm so sorry that this has happened to you, I don't know how we can get you back home, but if you're hungry or something we might be able to help"

I thought about my cereal, destined to a soggy fate in my small apartment. I wondered if anyone would find it. Would the police investigate my disappearance? What would they think of it all? I hope they don't eat my cereal...

"Some food would be nice..."

Edit: Jeez! This really blew up, I didn't expect this from my first comment on here. Thank you!

Edit2: I'm posting a second part when I wake from my much needed slumber, it'll be a reply to this. Love you guys <3

Edit3: Part 2 link: https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/4wqyb1/comment/d6ati46