"It's all...Galaxies... all...the..way down." 

At that moment a man in a lab coat sprinted into the lab with a clipboard.  He tripped and stumbled knocking over a tray of slides with a thunderous crash.  This didn't even slow him down; the man panted for breath as he reached me. 

I said, "Jesus Christ man, you're like a bull in China shop. You're never going to believe this."

With a frantic wave of his hands he manages to spit out, "No...shut up...  it's a giant eye." 

"What's a giant eye?" I ask. 

"The Hubble-bubba, yes I know it's a stupid name but that's what we get for democracy, the most powerful telescope designed by man..." 

"Yes I know what you're working on..." 

"We just turned it on,  it's a giant eye.  We weren't sure at first because it seemed to be upside down but we are now, it's a giant eye.  Like a human eye looking back at us." 

"Huh..." 

"Huh? That's all you have to say? Huh?" He flailed. 

I pulled my desk drawer open pull out a Beretta and take aim, "I'm sorry Luke but the world is not ready to know this." As he stammers and steps back I pulled the trigger causing the weapon to jerk violently.  The bullet hit near enough its intended target and the man dropped to his knees in front of me before lazily collapsing to the side, a trickle of blood seeped from the hole above his left eye.  

I flipped the switches that ran the liquid nitrogen cooling for the microscope and immediately warning lights began flashing.  I closed the door behind me as the room began to fill with smoke.  As I walked down the hall the fire alarm began to blare and I could hear the building fill with the sound of footsteps. 

When I reached the sprinkler door I found it unsecured, with a few quick turns of the wheel there would be no saving the lab.  With one place left to go I grabbed a fire axe from a glass door mounted on the wall and sprinted to Luke's lab.  Once inside I found the room to be evacuated already. I knew where the control boards for the satellite were and with a few mighty swings I destroyed the servers that piloted the satellite, Luke's personal design.  I reached into my pocket and removed the phone, it only had one number saved in it.  I pressed the button and the phone began to ring. 

"Mr. President, Pandora's box has been closed.  No, not the strip club on 5th.  Yes sir, that one.... yes sir, it's been an honor." 

I dropped the phone to the ground and smashed it to pieces with my axe.  Then placing the axe against the wall I pulled the pistol from my coat and pressed it under my chin and squeezed....