It became so quiet you could hear a needle drop. As if on cue, everyone fell silent at once, the absence of sound deafeningly apparent. Even the whurring of the small aircraft outside seemed hushed as if there were a sudden, invisible darkness imperceptibly permeating the usually happy atmosphere of the tiny airport. The bright, light yellow color of the interior even seemed subdued due to the great impropriety it had witnessed. Claire felt every eye turn to her, one by one, and the hair on the back of her neck stood up as an eerie chill passed through her.

The gate agent - who also functioned as airport security, so small was the airport - was the only person who appeared unaffected by the atmosphere, out of place as if from a different scene of a movie altogether. He only acknowledged the strained atmosphere to pause, giving it time to sink in properly. After an appropriate time had passed, he stated to Claire in a rehearsed voice, "We have experienced an issue with your government identification. Please follow me to the verification center without delay or sudden movements. Leave your bags where they are for inspection."

Every eye in the airport, already peering at the girl as if some spectacle or exhibit, followed Claire as she was taken to a barely-noticeable door (in fact, one she had not noticed at all prior) to the side, and, careful to move in a predictable way, nervously followed suit. Something was off, and very apparently wrong, if beyond the fact that the town was small enough to have one gate agent contracted to represent the handful of airlines who serviced the town, who also functioned as airport security. How, then, could the airport have a verification department? The idea seemed illogical and absurd.

They passed through the door, down a corridor lit only by florescent lights, uniformly white, neither clean nor unclean, past a few unmarked, uniform, plain doors with silver handles. Claire wondered actually how it could go on this long given the small size of the building; how did it even fit? Questions raced through her self-conscious mind as she followed the security guard whose nametag she remembered reading "James". The floor suddenly leveled out, and she realized there had been a gentle slope the entire time. They must be underground. They walked a litlte further, where the hallway darkened, the lighting changing from florescent overhead lights to dated, cubical wall fixtures, a rustic orange in color, lit by small, incandescent bulbs. They reached a door which was a pale blue color, whereupon James knocked three times distinctly and deliberately. 

A buzzer sounded and a latch clicked electronically. James reached over, grabbed the handle, and opened the door, indicating to Claire to enter the even-more-dimly lit room. It took a second for her eyes to adjust, during the which the door slammed behind her, leaving her alone in a plain room with concrete walls and floor, slightly smaller than a bedroom. The only light seemed to be daylight, but very little of it, entering from a small hole in the ceiling in one corner. She went over to that corner, reached out and touched the natural, slightly abrasive surface of the concrete, then turned around and sat down, sitting up straight and leaning her back and head against the wall behind her.

It made no sense to her. Here she was, not sitting at the gate, waiting for her first journey away from the town, but locked in a cell... for what? What had she possibly have done to warrant ending up here? All she had done was state something to blatantly obvious as the fact that he had misread the date on her license. 

She thought back to the reaction everyone had, as if there were something she should have known, some piece of knowledge so commonplace, that how could she have possibly forgotten? It was as if she had stated loudly her approval of some great immorality. She wondered what everyone was thinking now that she was swiftly escorted to God-knows-where. She thought of her aunt, who would be waiting at the other side of the journey, unaware that Claire had never actually boarded the plane, there to pick her up, wondering what could have taken her so long. When would she make it out of here? Such thoughts became more and more persistent as the minutes rolled by until she became unaware of time at all anymore.

Part II to come