A flash. A scream. Then darkness.
I floated for a moment, caught unnexpectedly in a dark tide that turned me over and over. I thought I was drowning, but I was simply overwhelmed by thunderous expression and sound, a million feelings, a shock of nostalgia and de ja vu. I was living it all again, and then it was over.
Then I stood on white marbel, staring up at a twisted, melted golden gate. It was crude in design, bent over itself and torn off of its hinges. It had been singed black in places, and parts of it were torn away. A twisted gilded rod lay beside my brown shoes on the ground. I bent over to pick it up, examined it, then turned resolutely toward the gate. An ageless, golden light spilled from above, cascading over a shining city beyond it, as if the sun hung difectly over the center of this awe-inspired city.
I am unsure how I got here. I had to see what was inside.
I passed theough the gate carefully, picking my way through debris. Jagged pieces of marbel protruded from the ground, large pieces shoved over each other, like tectonic plates. Something had moved the ground here.
If I had come earlier, I'm sure it would have been beautiful. Buildings rose up around me, growing greater in number the further into the city I traveled. Some were strange shaped, but it seemed as if arcitechs from all over the world, from a million different times had gathered here to build. The further into the city I walked, the older the beautiful golden buildings appeared. And they would have been beautiful, had I come earlier.
I walked for a long time through the desolate city. I never saw a single soul. Only broken buildings, and jagged holes into the ground where buildings and houses had sunk into the marbel, mostly debris. No blood. Just desolation.
When I finally came to the center of the city, I found a pit. It was ringed with blood, pooling at the edges and dripping into the below. I stepped to the edge, gripping the golden pipe I had picked up at the gate. The light from above shone the brightest, here, but still I could not see the bottom of this pit.
"Strange you should be here."
I turned around, lurching in surprise. I had to right myself quickly before I fell into the hole behind me.
"I-what?" I garbled out, taking a step forward, perhaps too confrontationally.
I found myself looking at a peculiarly beautiful man. His skin was tan, as though he had spent many years working under the sun, but he had no blemishes. His eyes were dark, and his hair was long and lavish. He had long limbs, and a narrow, arching nose. He smiled wryly.
"Everyone else is gone, and now its just you. And me, of course," he let out an abrasive chuckle.
"What is happening? Where is everyone? Is this...?" I stoppdd myself. I dont think I want to know.
"Well nothing is happening, not here, not any more. Everyone is gone. And yes. It is."
"And where is..." I choked on the lump in my throat, sudden terror washing through me. What was I supposed to do now? "Where is God?"
The man narrowed his eyes and crossed his arms.
"God is dead. We killed him. We killed him a long time ago."