"Ah. Horrors beyond the material made manifest..." Said a girl with eyes like windows to thousands of realities. "And they choose to be here. The thought was interesting enough. I had to bare witness for myself."

A drink was being poured for the girl by a man behind the bar. The contents of said drink made an inaudible scream that existed for eons. 

The man himself seemed to be a normal human being. He was tall, and had hooked nose. Well groomed, and nonchalant. 

Surrounding the two of them was darkness, an observable reality only existing a short distance around them. The two of them had comprehensible form, But they were not alone. Manners of existence and beings beyond comprehension surrounded them, preferring to stay in the void. For now.

The girl's head turned one way, then the other--looking over the glass before her and the thing that man had poured out for her to drink. "A dream." She said.

"My dream." Said the man. 

"I don't quite understand yet what or why this is." She said. 

There came a groan from beyond the darkness. 

"Ah. I see." She said. "If that is the case, you can have it. I have needs or wants for that sort of thing."

A tentacle came into view, gripping the drink and pulling it away. 

The man began to pour another thing.  "Perhaps you would like this." He said, gesturing to the drink. 

"The illusions of a reality." She said.

"My reality." He said. "Perhaps you would understand more if you experienced it."

The girl recognized that the man had begun to see the type of being she was. She did as the tentacled being instructed. Consuming the drink, and letting herself "taste" it. 

"Ah." She said after experiencing a thousand lifetimes of a creature that existed within a reality of timespace. "I see how and why you cling to existence. What peculiarity you are, Sir. I would never have imagined something so insignificant would be here now--on the edge of reality. " 

The man now nodding, and Pouring another drink for a patron that was in the dark. This drink, a concoction of blissful suffering and nightmarish joy. Another tentacle taking the drink and withdrawing back into darkness.

"Your small and paradoxical reality intrigues them." She said. 

The man nodded. 

"It intrigued me." She began to rise. "If only for a moment. You can placate the creatures of horror all you wish and cling to this existence like the rest of them... But there is nothing else of interest here." She stepped into the dark.

"But wait..." He said. "Don't you want to know what is beyond the edge of reality?"

Her eyes were lit in the darkness. "What would you know of such matters?"

"I figured out how to come here, didn't I?" He said. "Becoming a being beyond the confines of my own reality. While they seek to venture into the place I came from, I ventured into theirs. I was able to that, but I wish to go further. Just like you wish to." 

The girl came back to her chair and sat down. "What do propose?" She said.

"I don't know yet, but we can talk all about it over a few drinks."