My name is James Kaur, Corporal of the 15th Modern Dragoons. We were disbanded when the League requested disarmament as a term of our vassalisation. I was traded to Em'shay a Starsun and ambassador to our Cluster.

Life with MC was pleasant, I taught human language and games so he could appear 'cultured' and 'tolerant' to his peers, I was trotted out at parties for such peculiarities as 'Rock Band' which they seemed to not get enough of. Unfortunately I tripped and bumped into the drum set, knocked Rhythm off their beat and ruined the jam. SONG FAILED was the backdrop to my death sentence on the Battle Planet of Choss (probably written wrong but I'm sure you'll forgive alphabet discrepency). 

I was to battle until death. Any winnings I earned would be split between injured parties, any repeat sales would subsidise my living quality. I was given a copper piece that I could bet on myself. The custom was called a Gilmmer of Hope. And it was their undoing. For other species, or so I am told, without hope they give up. But for me it was a way out, and sad to say they looked like mythological monsters, and I got to be Hercules.

My first kill came with a bone fragment as a knife against a slug monster. It cowered, but I didn't hesitate. Kill after kill, blood, fluids and ichor. It was a blur to be honest. Fight #282 was against a human female, we were given a pair of pistols to 're-create a classic Hind-Noob stand-down' we Rock-Paper-Scissored and then both drew anyway. Fight #600 saw me fight a Varisin combat suit, armed with 6 projectile weapons and flight. A well placed rock in the boosters I believe secured a victory.

With 600 victories I took my funds, bought a team, and invested the rest on a cluster trade deal within 2 cycles I had a fleet, and I have returned to negotiate for the Purchase and Independence of the Milky Way, Cluster 4. Pending documentation I shall respond to the address of 'My Emperor', am requesting the presence of my 15th Modern Dragoons, and ask a simple question...

What did people think of the Terran Empire in Star Trek?