"Agent Carter? Sir?" Agent Carter looked up from the mound of work on his desk to see Clark standing behind is desk. 

"What is it?" Carter had a tone of depression in his voice, as if he had heard this hundreds of times before. He had heard this thousands of times before.

"Sir, A UFO has entered our atmosphere. Destination: New York" Clark swallowed as he said this, visibly nervous for the reaction. Surprisingly, Carter remained calm.

"OK, scramble jets, mobilise the military and have the Navy on standby. We're going to shut them down as soon as possible."

-- --

Being part of the second line was nervy. In the first line, you could just be mad, and fire at will madly, but in the second line, you had to read the terrain and find the chink in the armour in about 5 seconds.

FN-2187 was the best second liner the corps had ever seen. He ranked in the 95th percentile for accuracy, 98th percentile for agility and 99.7th percentile for pattern recognition. He had joined 2 years before the rest of his age group started the 4-year training course. Some said he had been from a sieged Empire and wanted to serve his new leaders faithfully. They used it as propaganda on recently settled planets.

The call came, and the first wave set off towards the Earth. I hoped they would be successful, mostly for my sake. If they did well, there was less chance of injury. The light came on, and I stepped forward to beam into the war zone. It was chaos.

The first thing I heard was the crackle of gunfire, which was bad. We were ordered not to shoot on civilians. It was setting a bad example. Most likely it was the planet's minimal forces fighting hopelessly back. Then I saw the bodies, and panicked. This was worse than any invasion we had EVER seen. 

I ran straight to cover, in the form of a shop front. There were 6 humans cowering inside - it would be easy to force them out. There were bullets firing all around me - I barely survived. Then I heard a scream, and saw FN-2187 scream out, falling to the ground.

Stick to the mission, I told myself. I kept on running, but was unable to think of anything except the body. They had killed our best easily - how could we possibly win? I walked into the shop, pointing musket at a cowering female. I opened my mouth, but didn't need to. In some foreign tongue, I heard shouts and screams, and 5 ran out. I looked around for the 6th human, then saw the gun he was holding.

How was this possible? They hadn't even discovered intergalactic travel, yet their civilian weapons were far more advanced than our high-tech military ones. 

Then I heard the loud crack, and everything went dark.

Thanks for reading, please give feedback.
