The call came in over the radio just as I was packing my things.  "Art gallery shooting at 7000 Main Street".  It was only 45 minutes before my shift was over when I got the call. Looks like I wouldn't get to go to the Cheesecake factory with Anatasia tonight. I felt a little remorse when I sent her the text "Sorry, can't make it tonight, new case just opened".  Clipped my cellphone to my belt and headed to the crime scene.

It was one of those old art galleries, small and simple.  From the looks of it, someone shot the place all up. No surprise here.  The gallery I am pretty sure is a front for a laundering business setup by the Hawaiians who just moved into town.  I started with the basics.  Photographs, prints, questioning.  That was the order that I preferred.

I didn't have my DSLR with me so I had to settle for the camera phone.  These paintings had bullet holes in them the size of tangerines; or tangelos.  Honestly, I don't know my citrus well enough to give a proper scale --- I'll just say that they are about 1/2 the size of a banana.  Makes sense -- Hawaiians love bananas.  Most of the photographs were destroyed.  Photographs of scenery; a sunset over a ocean; a palm tree; some coconuts with a crab.  Very tropical garbage I told myself.

That's enough photographs.  Time to take out the prints.  Doubht' i find anything.  This looks like a simple case of destroy to send a message --- or possibly insurance fraud.  I take out my duster when a dark skinned man approaches me,

"Don't you be putting any of that dust on my artwork.  These paintings are worth over 10 million". 

"So I take it you don't want to find out who did this" I responded with my fist clinched.  I had no time for people telling me how to do my job.  Only made me to believe this was a insurance fraud case.

The man didn't respond.  Only waved me over to another room.  A hidden room.

I walk inside and see it.  A man with a camera. Shooting pictures of art.

The radio picked up the wrong signal. Again.

Cheesecake Factory here I Come!


