This is preposterous. First i get summoned by a chap named Arthur who wielded Excalibur, the only sword which could kill me. Then he threatens to kill me unless i protect his empire. I wouldn't say i hated it, in fact i think my time there may have changed me. However, after all that i get sent to quell some asinine rebels in the colonies and they seal me with an ancient spell. And after all that some blokes in black robes go through all the shenanigans required to break my 200 year old seal and summon me to this mortal plane.

Can't i at least get a cup of tea? Maybe the finest tea from the Raj? But no, instead after i awake and kill the pricks that summoned me, got around to destroying the 13 colonies, and finally report back to Buckingham Palace the Queen says that Britain has changed a lot in 200 years. Bollocks!

Now here i am, sitting on my throne of American skulls eating my bangers and mash, when some teenage boy comes up to me.

"Foul being! I am here to slay you for the countless destruction you have layed upon America. Die!"

The child then began to charge me with his sword. At this point i was rather unimpressed, as i had taken a nuclear bomb to the face before. I took his sword, used it to clean my teeth a bit then poofed him out of existence. 

But the Americans clearly were not done yet, next a teenage girl came. Then another boy. Then a thing that was both a boy and a girl. And a few years after the first boy came, a teenager dressed in a fox suit approached me.

"Demon! I have come to cleanse you from this world!"

"Yes, yes i know the drill. You attack me and i kill you, is that right, human?"

"Actually, I'm a fox. I would like you to call me Firedash as that's the native word for warrior in my species, an-"

"Oh bloody hell, Im done with this!" I bellowed, then vaporized the fox-human warrior thing. I opened a dimensional rift to the inside of the inside of the president's office.

"Oi, what's the meaning of this Ronald?"

The U.S. president, clearly shocked at first regained his composure.

"The meaning of what?"

"*This*" i hissed as i pointed to the bundle of swords the 'chosen ones' all brought with them.

"Oh, they were sent to kill you."

"Really now? Then why send one lone teenager when you should have sent your mightiest warrior? At least then i won't be so bloody bored."

"Oh, thats simple." The president said. "You said when you first destroyed the country that no man could kill you, so we sent children, women and people who were not men to fight you."

"You fockin wot mate."

The president just stared at me.

"BLIMEY, I ONLY SAID THAT FOR DRAMATIC EFFECT YOU TIT. IM DONE WITH YOU LOT"

And with that, i left this cursed world in search of a new one.