First time here.

\----

Karen looked at the what she held in her hands, looked back up at her sponsor, looked back at her hand.

Blinked a few times.

Looked back at the god, refusing to break eyesight. Her sponsor, Failure Supreme, somberly looked back, refusing as much as she did.

This lasted for all of five seconds before both attempted to break the silence, "What in the actual FU-" "Now I KNOW what you are thinki-"

Pause.

Awkward silence. Karen shifted her feet awkwardly, coincidentally mirroring her patron. Both sighed.

"I am gonna die, aren't I?", said Karen as she looked at the F graded paper on Celestial Political Science she held. Failure didn't respond, and she continued, "You could've given me ANYTHING, a rock would be more useful than this, what is the actual point of your existence?!"

Failure tried muttering something about learning from falling down but Karen was already at the door by then, vision blurring as she slammed the door shut behind her.

She missed her family, missed trying to work as a writer, she wanted to go back to a time where all her novels failed to be accepted, where she routinely messed up basic grammar and didn't have the cash to get a good teacher to re-learn her basics with. 

She missed constantly being close to homelessness, doubting every basic skill she supposedly had and if they could be better, and everything beyond and everything in between. What was the point of going through all that training? All the months spent traversing the Seven Staircases of Heaven and Hell and the Variable Space in Between? 

Suffering heartbreak and trauma, building muscle where she didn't know she could build muscle.

And her chosen patron, for whom she had tried so hard, tried to make the best out of it, for a chance to be one of the pantheon, to make a difference, however minor.

And all she got in return was a piece of fucking paper? 

Well it was good for something, wiping her tears. She did just that, and gave up almost immediately, felt too rough against her skin. 

No matter. Memento mori, right? This is how the story ended. The least she could do was decide what she looked like when it did. 

She swore to herself she would shove this up some candidate's arse if its the last thing she did, even as she kept shaking and crying, trying to drink some water that had helpfully materialized in front of her. The gods wanted all warriors in as close to a tip-top state they could get em, but not perfect. They were mortals, after all, no?

As the bells began to toll, she steadied herself best she could, dragging herself upwards to a standing position, leaning against the marble wood behind her. She didn't know HOW it was marble and wood at the same time, but it was, felt like marble, smelt like oak. 

And the gate was pure shadow, contrasted by blinding light behind it that somehow grew brighter as the shadows disappeared link by link, square by square, until at last she felt the inevitable pull towards the arena, an actual pull, for no participant was allowed to escape, willing or unwilling, they would battle. 

She would not be among the ones pulled. She wasn't one for blind ho-hum stubbornness or appearing head strong, no, she just wanted it to be her choice. She didn't mind quaking in her boots while she did so, but the choice would remain her own. Within the arena itself, her vision cleared up rapidly, revealing a vast circular Colosseum that was at once Roman and distinctly alien. The 'audience' kept on flickering, and it took a few moments before Karen realized that it was as if a giant circular screen had been wrapped around the arena, and there was something akin to a camera showing the entire pantheon of gods looking at them, giving random close ups of various ones. 

It made the entire thing a lot more intimidating, especially seeing the sheer vindictiveness and condescension some of them held for the lot on the ground.

Which is when her heart stopped, as she finally faced her competition, who were wholly prepped and ready for murder.

People wreathed in varying elements, literal embodiments' of concepts such as time, wielders of weapons that theoretically should not exist and more, surrounded her on all corners.

And here she was, unnoticed, clutching a paper. 

There was no more time to take in the sights, a cannon fired signaling the battle's start.

And she stood stock still as lightning arced around her and fire flooded the air above her hair as two elementals began tearing at each other, she began sinking into the ground as a reality warper changed the composition of the ground itself which then solidified again as the culprit was knocked unconscious by the blunt edge of a Godsbane Sword.

Unable to move, she tried to pry her now buried feet free, hunching down so as to avoid the chaos around her to the best of her ability, trying to pay as much attention to the commentary as she could. 

"...and the crowd favorite, The Helmsman lops off yet another head! Metaphorically, we don't endorse murder here(we leave that for our Judgement Zones and Chambers of Perdition and Junk Food, we don't mind if it happens though!), chosen mortal of our Goddess of War, he holds the Godsbane Sword and the ability to choose the fate of others, which effectively allows him to set losing conditions for all his opponents! His weakness is..."

She lost the stream as a giant foot slammed down in front of her face, coating it with dust and sending her into coughing fits. She almost had her second foot out, damn it. Hand moving by itself, she held out her paper, praying, willing it to be some sort of secret shield that would protect her from at least one attack...

The giant collapsed in front of her, narrowly missing her, as the Helmsman stood behind it, grinning like only a human being driven mad by bloodlust could. He raised her blade at her, and charged.

She held the page firmly in front of her. The Helmsman, bemused, stopped, and stared at the page.

Then dropped to his knees and began wailing. Karen blinked at the sight in front of her. 

Two more would be gods came at her, and had much the same reaction. The fourth tried skewering himself with an mutated finger before being warped out of the arena by his patron. 

The seventh forfeited after seeing what happened to the fifth and sixth, whose reactions were worse than the rest combined.

Karen looked at her paper again. It bore all the innocence and shame of a graded F Celestial Political Science paper, so what the hell was going on? 

Even as the Pantheon began the ritual to accept her as one of their own, she had no answer, except she noticed they pointedly avoided so much as glancing at her paper.

After the ritual, she met Failure Supreme again, she knew the god wasn't going to be around much longer, she/he would soon be retired and enter a primordial slumber, to awaken only if no replacements can be found, if ever they are needed.

"Well, as gods, our standards and mannerisms tend to be quite different, and we often impart our...'culture' onto our chosen humans. It just so happens that many gods have a tendency to impart a 'chosen one' trait or a feeling of invincibility onto their chosen candidates.

All that paper does is...show acute failure in different forms to anyone who see's it, it manifests within their very psyche, intruding into all layers of their reality.

Mortals...they are generally used to failure, its a part of life, perfection is nonexistent. But their minds can certainly warp while here, under the influence of such cosmic powers. 

I suppose whatever I have, has a tendency to ground them, albeit in a exceedingly harsh and rude manner, reminding them that not even a god can be the center of a universe, which is the polite way of putting it."

Karen took all of this in, "...so basically, having you as a god means I basically stayed a normal human, because you are kind of a major fuck up and ended up embodying the concept of failure, and are...somehow closer to mortals as a result?"

Supreme Failure shrugged, or she interpreted the willowy shape as shrugging, it was as close to a shrug as she had ever seen at least, "Pretty much, you were comfortable with failure with me, instinctually.. With a bit of luck and you lasting long enough, you were able to...well, you know."

Yeah, she knew.