     Lucifer sat back, completely awash in what he had just witnessed, yet again Yahweh’s selfishness had ruined it. 
     Before he could stop himself he screamed “Why must you destroy everything when it doesn’t go exactly the way you think it should. You know despite what you tell them you’re not always right.” 
     Yahweh’s face was still puffy and red from his latest tantrum, “Well, they would have destroyed themselves eventually anyways, they always do. Better to start over.” 
    The pout on the small boy’s face was almost audible in his words. “Oh, stop it,” Lucifer said in disgust, “Just because they decide to stop worshipping you when you get bored of playing with them doesn’t mean we have to start over.” 
     “Yeah, well, without me they’d all become sad and confused. At least I give them beautiful things to believe in. What do you give them?” 
    Lucifer started in disbelief “Freedom and the ability to go and figure it all out. Not just random self surviving prophecies that become fairytales when you get bored and your focus falls elsewhere. Stop punishing me because you’re fickle and get bored.”
     “Oh, stop it. If you’d come out of the shadows and do more they’d acknowledge you too.”
     “How can they the first time they sided with me and not you, you punished them, telling them it was my fault and that I was evil. Look, you want to pretend to be god, fine. But I’m not going again unless you promise not to destroy them just for ignoring you and your story lines.”
   “My ‘storyline’ gives them purpose, and without purpose what’s the point. How about this, let’s play again but this time you’ll be God and I’ll be the Devil?” 
     “The point is to let them create their own purpose and see where it leads them, but you always interfere. I don’t want to be god and no one needs to be the devil let’s just sit back and see where it goes for once.” 
     With some hesitation and a little more back and forth, Yahweh finally agreed. With a sigh, Lucifer leaned back and slipped the VR back on his head. Selecting the Universe 6834-27 he chose the “play from beginning” option. When Yahweh did the same they were transported in a flash right back to the beginning of the simulation, yet again.
