The blow (I usually write in french since it’s my first language so here goes nothing)

I remember sitting near the blackboard, where the clock barely striked eleven above our heads. A glance out the windows defiled a relatively enjoyable morning into a foul day, heavy like every student’s conscience. We had learned today, besides other redundant speculative mathers —but prior to that—, we had learned that what was out of the reach of our craziest desires, in the midst of our young hearts, what was passionately bolting in our dreams through our heads and against the magical walls of the unconscious realm, it was actually sustainable here too, in the real world. We had the newly given opportunity to manifest our most insane fantasies, without actually having to lie in the aftermath. Nonetheless, everyone would have one. Like a troubling lucid dream. A power. A gods-like ability, and the responsabilities that come with. Flight, strength, invisibility, telekinesis; they all had chosen.

While I’m a frail character, constantly sitting in the front, not mouthing a word during any of the lessons, always showing off my back to my peers, it wouldn’t be irrational to think that I wouldn’t choose anything quite like they did. So I didn’t, and this is the story of how I got the affectionate nickname of “nerd”. 

We were gathered —well, a handful of us students were— in a semi-empty warehouse on the docks, no need to say more. It was near a quarter past six, the dusk of dawn was barely brushing off of the windows and our uncomfortable grins, the cold air sharpened like ice picks poking through the holes in our shirts. We were waiting, but for what? We were waiting for one to unveil the reason that dragged us in this rusty metallic hole in the first place. Each of us had received the night before, and oddly enough it was for each of us on the night of our birthday, a word, a note scribbled with a pencil on the back of what seemed to be a tag of some sort. It read on the front side a funny little quote, or a number. Sometimes it was an image. On mine it said “May the best”. I think the rest of the sentence was either washed or scratched away. On the back, otherwise, it stated clearly to meet in this location, at this hour. Here we were all waiting, dubitous and frankly, quite tired, for something to happen, for someone to burst out of somewhere and explain to us what was going on. None of that happened. Instead, the taunting voice of a toddler screeched out of the silence, chanting, probably from a record player hidden somewhere.

“Close your eyes redemption is near, state out your wish that you hold so dear.”

Petrified, we all held our tongues, and after what seemed to be an eternity, fled out of there like the wind. But you can’t restrain a thought. 

As soon as we set foot out of the door, one started flying, another was gliding on a trail of ice, some where irrationally strong given their foot imprints destroying the concrete, this one shapeshifted in everything imaginable in under a minute, a few were nowhere to be seen but could still be heard. Meanwhile I was still there, and unquestionnably the same. After a few minutes of newly existential awakening, they all came to terms with their new powers, but their attention had shifted to none other than myself. Two dozen blokes, staring, like an error had infiltrated their system. 

“What did you think about?” one asked.

“N-nothing I swear!”

“Liar!”

And they all started tormenting me, with words, pressure, violence.

“Tell us!” 

“Leave me alone!” I cried, exhausted and, for the first time in my life, genuinely afraid.

They were chanting and flying and swirling around me, throwing hits and objects, showing off those abilities, grotesquely using their powers to torture my mind. They pushed it further, and further, and deeper, and deeper, until I simply gave in.

 “Molecular rearrangement! Molecular rearrangement. Enough of this now.” 

Agonizing moment of silence. A whole minute went by. Suddenly, laughter. A grave, shuddering, ridiculous sound, echoing to the shore. 

“Nerd!”, they were chanting.

Nerd! Nerd! Nerd! Nerd! It made no fickle of sense to their ears, and it didn’t refrain them from harrassing me, if not they were hitting even harder. It started to become gruesome and honestly dangerous, when a comrade rose to the air holding another firmly —who was actually standing aside this whole time— between his arms who, eyes shut, hands over his face, once high enough uncovered his eyes and let an impressive ray of blue light shine right through and hit my chest.

The heaviness. The regain of consciousness. The aching, the pain, the smell of burnt flesh. The trigger. This particular child, may he be blinded by his gift, he was, within a sign, within a fraction of time, a movement of my hand, barely noticeable even, instantly disintegrated from the surface of this planet. I had manipulated the molecules surrounding him to pulverize him with blunt nuclear force. Had I done too much? Had I gone to far? Everyone was in awe, too overwhelmed and afraid to say a word. The sky, which was of a bright blue, had turned dark and ashyand the air, crisp. And so I turned my back to the others, heading towards the way of the school and blurted out, nonchalantly: “see you in class.”

An hour later here we were, sitting at our desks, drained by the sound of the slowly ticking clock and lifting the weight of an oh-so heavy atmosphere.