**Half of Immortality**


The marble of the gravestone gently reflected the soft light of the moon. A gust of wind blew past, forcing me to shove my hands deeper into my pockets. In an odd way, the moon offered its warmth, but it was not enough to surpass the cool temperature of autumn. I liked it better that way. It kept me awake. It kept me aware of my presence in this world. The scarf around my neck had begun to unravel. I caught it just in time to wrap it back around my neck. I turned to look to my father.

He was a bear of a man. You could tell that he spent a lifetime carrying the world on his shoulders. He shuddered. I couldn’t tell if it was because of the cold, or if it was because he was trying to hide his sadness. His wife, my mother, had passed away. She had spent the past year in and out of sickness. Between getting suffering from pneumonia and eventually succumbing to cancer, it was almost a relief that she had passed. No one needed to suffer like that. She was so loving, and cared more for the well being of me and my father. 

“You have to tell her.” Those were the last words she spoke. My father stared deeply into her eyes, shedding a single tear and then nodding in agreement before she took her last breath. I never understood this. What did she mean?

Turning away from the gravestone, my father wrapped his arm around me, gripping my shoulder with his giant hands. The warmth from his caress was immediate. It made me realize just how cold it really was.

“April. There's something I need to tell you.” He breathed deeply, his body was still trembling even as he held me so steadily. 

“I made a promise to your mother that I would tell you this. That I’d tell you when the time was right. I feel like now is that time.” He began to lead me into a slow walk towards our car. My watch beeped loudly as the time rolled into midnight. He took another deep breath and held it in his chest before letting out a sigh. “I don’t even know where to start with this.”

“Dad, just tell me what it is. I’m a big girl. I’m pretty sure i can handle whatever it is.” I reminded myself internally that I had just moved out of my home the year before. I managed to do ok. Mom taught me better than to survive on eggo waffles. I wouldn’t mind an eggo waffle right about now. Anything to take me away from the pain of having just lost my mother. 

“April…. I’m immortal. Well we are… well I am more than you are….” He stopped. I knew he could feel me staring at him angrily.

“Seriously Dad? You’re gonna bring up a joke like this, right now??” My throat tightened, my fists clenched with my nails digging deeply into my palms. “I don’t need a Dad joke right now. I need you to be funny. Just be normal. Just…”

I shook and let out a deep sob. Tears fell to the floor. We were standing outside the car, and I wanted so badly to hide myself in it. My father reached out hold my shoulder again. I swatted his hand away. 

“I don’t need you to be funny, Dad. Just be normal. Please.” I felt the wind again, and it began to calm me down. I used the end of my scarf to wipe the tears away from my chin. 

“Honey, I’m being serious. I’m immortal. I know it sounds crazy. I truly know it does. But think about it. Think about everything thats happened up until now. Think about everything we’ve been through. Think about Mom! Haven’t you ever asked yourself why we look so different?”

I paused and thought about it. My mother had me probably at the least ideal time of her life. She was well into her thirties, almost forty by the time I was conceived. I remember seeing photos when I was about ten years old. My mother had begun to turn grey at this point. The corners of her eyes had the wrinkle of experience. The eyes themselves burned bright with energy. I had seen this in every photo we took together. I could see why my father was so in love with her. 

As she aged and got sicker with with time, she had a noticeable drop in her weight. When I was around twenty five, we started making more frequent visits to the hospital for her. Doing blood tests, or just checking the changes that her body was making as she got older. She had become noticeably more frail. There came a point where she was so weak that we thought she might injure her wrists just from getting out of a chair. 

My father, in that time, had never changed. His hair remained thick, curled and black. He had kept his muscular frame, despite not doing much besides his construction job in the city. In that time, I don’t remember there ever being a time where he’d gotten sick. He was always the one taking care of us whenever we had the cold or the flu. 

Then I remembered the accident. 

There was a night where my mother and I had been staying up late waiting for him to return home. We waited anxiously. It was pizza night. What kid doesn’t get excited for pizza night? we waited and waited, until we got a call. My mom answered, a concerned furrow began to shape itself over her eyes. She didn’t say a word before telling me to get dressed. We rushed into the car, and she drove faster than I’d ever seen her drive. It wasn’t until saw the distant lights of the hospital that I understood what must have happened. 

We found our dad sitting upright on a bed, a blanket wrapped around his shoulders. A nurse had a clipboard in hand. He jotted a few notes on a clipboard and shook my father’s hand before walking out. My mother rushed over to him. He turned and threw off the blanket to hug her. He was shirtless, revealing his dark skin, and muscular frame. His pants were torn and looked and burned in places. He only had a shoe on his left foot. It also had burns and holes throughout. 

We found out later that there was an explosion at the building he was working on at the time. He somehow had survived, despite being right beside the blast source. He was knocked unconscious, but had managed to wake up in time to save three members of his team. The remaining seven had passed away. 

It was a sad day, but at the time I never questioned how he’d gotten away from that accident without a scratch. I was just glad that he was ok.

But how could that mean he’s immortal. How could he only be telling me this now?

I looked up at the floor and stared back at him. “So what does this mean? How do you know? How did you even find out?”

“The accident. I should have died in that accident. I remembered the explosion. I remember darkness. My body had been completely burned, but I somehow came back, and everything healed, almost immediately. I didn’t understand it. I still don’t.

“Ever since then I realized that I wasn’t getting sick. All those times that you and Mum were bedridden. I never caught any of that. There were a few other times as well. Times I dare not tell you about. But I think you might have it too. I think you might be gifted too.”

I started thinking back to all the times I got sick. The chicken pox came around when I was in fifth grade. Everyone in class got it, except for me. I remember that there were times that I would get sick, but as the years went, it would happen less and less. I can’t remember the last time that I’d gotten sick.

I thought about the cuts and scrapes I’d get through the years. I’ve gotten paper cuts and large bruises and scrapes, only to have them completely gone the next day. There was that one time i broke my arm riding my bike as a teenager.. The doctors said I’d be in a cast for six weeks. I was out of it within two, and diagnosed with having had a wrist sprain. Theres no way that could have been right. I felt the snap. I remember crumpling on top of my arm after it gave out while trying to use it to get up. There was no way that could have been a sprain. I didn’t care to think about it, since I was more concerned about getting out of the cast.

“So what does this mean? I mean, Mom died. She has to be human. I mean a regular human. Are we human? I don’t understand.” My head was throbbing thinking about all the new questions that now needed to be answered.

“I have no idea. I know that considering how you’ve healed from your injuries, that you might not have the same ability to heal as I do. It might not be as strong in you as it is for me.

“April, I want you to be careful. I mean, it seems like we can do anything and not get hurt. But i want to you to be safe. You know how cruel the world can be.”

I hugged him as he finished his words. I didn’t know what to say to him. I had just lost my mother. My father revealed a secret to me that I’m not sure i completely understand. A gust of wind blew by. The cold reminded me of where I was. It reminded me of the warmth of my father. It reminded me of the importance of holding close the things that matter most. 