"So, Lord Hilbert will lead the dragoons into the flank as General Rallis begins the charge from the city. We will catch the enemy off-guard forcing them to retreat to here"

I pull out my dagger and sink it into the map, well into the table as well.

"The capital city... They shall lose all power and nearly all of their armies will desert. The few that remain will not be threat. Any questions?"

"Not a question, sir, however..." It was General Horton, a strong man yet with too kind of a heart, far too many times he allowed the enemy to escape. "We must address an issue that has arisen since you've been given command..."

"I will not allow young fools command my men. Your son will not be an exception." He must still be upset. I have dismissed his son from service as he failed the most basic of tactics in the field leading the to deaths of thousands of soldiers.

Lord Hilbert stepped forward, young yet capable. He is a true example of potential, his record is only marred by the disappoint that is the Academy. "That is not what General Horton wishes to address. General Fries, you must cease damaging the maps."

All the other generals and lords muttered their agreements.

"This is an intervention, General."

"I doubt that this is an issue that requires attention."

"On the contrary, you have damaged over 20 maps in this month alone."

"We have plenty of maps! Besides, it inspires us to fulfill our objectives!."

The generals shuffled in place, glancing at their feet.

"Actually," This time it was General Otto, small yet brilliant. "We are on a tight budget. The war has dragged on and though we may be near the end of this campaign, we may need to be conservative with our funds."

"What nonsense! You believe a few holes will drive our nation bankrupt?!"

"Yes."

"Explain."

"Maps are expensive, only a few are trusted to craft accurate pieces for official, much less military use."

"We could patch it up."

"That really only works for less detail maps."

"Alright, fine. Well how much do they cost then?"

"Well the map of world you've just stabbed costs at least 100 gold coins."

Shit. That's a lot...

"... Well then... that's a substantial amount..."

"So you understand why you must stop," This time it was Lord William of West Ham, a posh noble yet willing to lead at the head of a charge. "You are costing us as much as an entire division."

He's right... However....

"So, why did no one bring this up? Say, the first time I did such an act?"

"Well... um..."

I got them.

General Horton spoke up, "We did not want to discourage you, sir."

"Discourage me from damaging our forces? What foolish thinking! I know where your son picked up such bad behaviour." I took a look around the room, making sure hard stern eye contact was made. "ALL of you need to address issues before they escalate! Even if a superior is at fault! Now, I need EVERYONE to ensure all of their men are ready. Dismissed!"

The generals and lords left, the aura of defeat hung around them. This battle is won by me! That'll show them why I lead the entire military campaign. HAHA!