"Well, this is quite the shock," I said, staring the devil in the eyes through my rear-view mirror after stopping at a red light. "You just sort of appeared out of nowhere. No pop, no smoke, no...nothing. Just suddenly in my rearview mirror and touching me...inappropriately."

Satan shuddered. "Uh-bduh-uh, inappropriately? How so?" he stammered.

"Jesus Christ, Satan! You don't just lay your hand on someone you've never met, let alone EVEN introduced yourself to before!" I scolded. I guess I was being a little bit harsh considering I was having a conversation with an all-powerful demon lord.

Satan retracted his hand.

"Look, I'm sorry. Hello, my name is Satan. What is your name?"

"Are...are you serious? Shouldn't you just KNOW my name?" I was getting pretty annoyed at this point. Not only was I already having a terrible day, but this entire fucked up situation has proven Christianity to be reality. Damn it.

"Okay, you got me. I know your name already. This is reddit, so we'll keep it anonymous. Now back to my question..." Satan said, a bit taken aback.

Now, at this point I'm really pissed off, and for a few reasons:
    •Christianity is real
    •Satan has an abnormally high body temperature, apparently, because I can smell my leather seats smoldering
    •I've never visited r/writingprompts before

"Satan, let me ask you one thing. What in the hell do I have to do with your problem?" I lightened my tone, concealing my firey rage.

"Well, it's just that, you're a reddit user, so I figured you may eventu—" I cut him off.

"—let me stop you WRITE there!" Satan was about to be in for a rude awakening.

"As you CLEARLY had firsthand knowledge about, I have never visited r/writingprompts before, and thus have never created a prompt involving your namesake, or even responded to one. Am I right?" I asked.

"Well, uh, yes." he replied.

"Guess what, Satan? The only reason I'm on r/writingprompts writing about you, right now, IN THIS VERY MOMENT, is because your dumb ass decided to materialize in my back seat, touch me and attempt to have a heart to heart about this very subject."

Satan did not reply. Instead, he stiffened up and fell over on his side, his head now sticking out the window. Suddenly...


"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" he let loose, the sound of millions of dead souls screaming from the pain of torture erupting from his mouth. My eardrums ruptured and blood became leaking from either side of my head; all of windows shattered. Luckily, we were at another stoplight.

I opened the car, my legs weary from the outrageous noise. My skin was ripped to shreds by the shrapnel. It seems that I wasn't the only victim to this horrendous noise: neighboring vehicles had all stopped or smashed into one another, their windows shattered by the shout.

"What...the fu...just...happen..?" Is what I imagine the girl who got out of a vehicle near me was saying. Pretty cute considering the bleeding ears and lacerations, I should say.

The Devil then levitated out of my car and into the sky just in front of myself and all of the bystanders who were trying to make sense of the situation. The chorus of death erupting from his mouth finally came to an end.

Then, he spoke. While I couldn't hear him audibly, he sent a telepathic message to, I imagine, myself and everyone around me. Hell, maybe the whole world.

"I am Satan. Lucifer. The bastard son of Jesus Christ and Shiva, adopted nephew of the crawfish Muhammad and the Buddha."

Wait. SON of Jesus and...Shiva? Muhammad is a gay crawfish? Thank God...he didn't confirm Christianity as the one true religion, but the fact that humanity has had it wrong all along.

"I sought to create a world based solely on BDSM, and was banished to a nether-realm of BDSM and...lots of fire. Those wrongdoers who were either dicks or just really, really enjoyed BDSM ended up with me in their afterlives."

This is getting...interesting.

"I HAVE BEEN DEFEATED! Now, all the souls of hell will migrate to Heaven!" with those final words, he exploded into what was the most beautiful fireworks display I had ever seen.

On the western horizon, a black portal ripped open in the sky. Thousands of smoky figures emerged and headed east, where a bright yellow portal had open. From the yellow portal, out stepped something incredible. I can't even describe what I saw.

It was...Jesus Christ.

"Woa, woa, woa, guys!" Jesus shouted as he increased from the size of a human to that of a large building. The spirits stopped in their tracks.

"You all better turn around THIS INSTANT and get back into Hell. Don't come back until each and every one of you is carrying as much BDSM paraphernalia as possible!"

What?

"It's about time that asshole son of mine died off...he ran off with all of the good shit!"


Besides wondering how I would approach an insurance claim on my vehicle and injuries, I was feeling pretty damn good about my salvation.