

Lance’s eyes narrowed at the man across the table from him. It had taken decades for it to come to this, but Lance should have known it would one day. Perhaps if he had been more prepared, he wouldn’t be in the situation that he was now. Colin was only fifty years old, but he was hungrier than Lance had ever been in his 681 years on this earth. Lance was the oldest person who had lived. He had passed between phases of ennui, where the life seemed so fragile even though it was so durable. He had survived countless injuries, though not as many as one might think. He hadn’t lived a dangerous life but after that much time one accrues bumps and bruises. However, in mere moments it could all be over, with just a few words uttered accidentally.


Colin was the opposite of him in so many ways, both good and bad. He was a mortal, someone who had uttered their phrase of death when they were young. According to Lance’s research, Colin had been 27 when he had spoken his words, “Bring it on.” After that, he knew that his lifespan would be shortened. Biologically, humans would break down after 70 or 80 years. If they spoke their words during that time, they would age rapidly until their body caught up with their ‘true age’. After that, their lifespan would progress naturally. Colin would live possibly another 20 years. His skin had such a wrinkly quality to it, as opposed to Lance’s perfectly preserved appearance. There was always a group of mortals, those who thought immortality made life pointless. Lance embodied all of that, the hunger of someone who quite simply didn’t have any time.


Of course, there was a vicious undercurrent to mortality. In Colin’s eyes, Lance was already dead. Lance and his life was literally worthless to Colin. This was no secret. Right now Lance sat restrained in a chair. Had he been mortal, he would have long since suffocated from the belt around his neck. Colin didn’t want him able to speak. It wouldn’t do Colin any good for Lance to die now. If Lance spoke his words, his age would rush to catch up with him and he would wither and die in an instant. He understood that it was fantastically painful, as though he needed more motivation not to die. Right now, he was thinking about it. His right hand was relatively free, so he could punch numbers into a pad. Colin had been careful not to give him a pen to write down what he wanted. The last words could be written, spoken, spoken in another language, or even signed. Colin had an electrode attached to his hand, ready to spasm his muscles if it looked like Lance was going to try to sign anything.


Colin wanted his passkey. After he had it, he would be able to easily access Lance’s house and after retrieving whatever he could from there he would take everything Lance owned while tormenting him until he uttered the phrase that would end it all. Lance didn’t even have that much, just enough to be comfortable. Colin wanted it, though. He saw it as his right since Lance wasn’t truly alive. It wasn’t much, but dammit it was his. Rage boiled through him as Colin grinned across the table at him.


“What are you protecting, anyway?” asked Colin, “I mean, after almost 700 years I would think that you might want to build something worthwhile. Some of your children have. Your life is pitiful. It will be better in my hands, anyway. I’ll do more with it than you ever could.”


Lance gurgled and tried to spit. He pushed the saliva through his teeth with his tongue since he didn’t have any breath. It didn’t travel far enough, but the defiance was enough to make Colin angry. It felt good, being defiant. It was a rush of enjoyment to deny Colin the one thing he wanted, “Fine!” he said, “I’ll see how you feel in an hour. Time is on MY side now!”


The rush from spitting at him solidified in Lance’s mind what he would do. He started pushing buttons on the pad in front of him. Colin froze, his eyes transfixed on the number pad. He moved closer silently as Lance strenuously keyed numbers in. He had pushed 11 so far. His passcode was 12 digits long. Lance hovered his hand over the pad, and Colin’s excitement vanished back into a rage as his Lance painfully twisted his hand to extend a middle finger almost right in Colin’s face. Colin turned red and shook at the indignity.


“I’ll cut your goddamn dick off and...” He started before his eyes widened in realization.


A cold chilled Lance’s soul as 681 years of living afflicted his body all at once. 681 years of submission, of conflict avoidance, of doing just enough to get by. He had learned his phrase at the age of 14 and had vowed to avoid it at all costs. Sure, he could still insult people and refuse things but it just wasn’t the same. Every utterance of a portion of the phrase brought a chill to him, even though it didn’t harm him. Lance had been shaped by an impulse to not speak up for himself and it showed. It was why he had accomplished so little and had learned to be happy with less. He’d had happiness, had love. He had put others before himself and this had resulted in some of the best moments of his life.


Still, there had always been something missing. Sometimes, you just had to tell someone no. Sometimes you had to go further than that, had to make sure that they understood without any doubt that their opinion of you and what you should do didn’t count for one shit with you while also insulting them to drive the point home. Lance kept his hand clenched as his muscles screamed in pain at the sudden aging. His middle finger held itself up high in defiance of biology itself. Colin was rapidly trying to pull the belt loose, whispering frantically, “Just tell me what it is, you fuck. Just tell me so that someone can...”


“Colin,” Lanced croaked. He was almost gone. There were only a few seconds at most before he wouldn’t be able to speak, and this was very important, “Fuck you.” Worth it.