It was the middle of the January, one of the better times to lie if you had to.  In the cold winter months, you could get away with hiding your secrets under an oversized, baggy sweater.  There just enough snow in the air that to make the sky seem to sparkle, but it was nothing compared to the sparkle in her piercing green eyes when they first made contact with mine.  I swear, it was love at first sight.

Her hair was close cut, its raven black color a stark contrast to the white world which framed it.  Her cheeks and nose had a splash of red from the cold.  Fuzzy earmuffs, slightly oversized on her head, enveloped her ears.  The cold steam of her breath escaped in short bursts from thin, pursed lips.  She turned toward me a bit, wrapping her puffy red coat snugly around her body and drawing her arms over her chest for warmth.  Skinny black jeans, the kind that showed off just enough of her curves, ran down into pristine white boots, the soles of which were almost obscured by the thin layer of snow on the ground.

In short, she was perfect.

Before I realized what I was doing, I hid my hands in my coat pockets self-consciously.  I cursed myself for not having the foresight to wear gloves.  Most of mine show up on my hands, and seeing all of them up front tends to give people the wrong first impression.  See, the Scars have something of a twisted sense of humor.  You tell a lie about some action you've taken, you get a scar on your arms or hands; tell a lie about somewhere you've been, you get a scar on your legs or feet; tell a lie about what you think, you get a scar somewhere on your head.  Medical experts have been studying the scars for as far back as anyone can remember, but the best science can tell us is that they just... happen.  For all science knows, the world could be home to legions of overly vigilant, painfully ironic fairies wielding pocket knives.

Gathering my courage, I unzipped my coat and started walking in her direction.  I nearly stopped myself and turned away a couple of times, but I'd promised myself long ago to always be truthful to my feelings.  Nonetheless, I stalled awkwardly when I came close.  Her green eyes watching me, the smell of her perfume drifting over to me, the cold wind blowing against my shirt...

I took a deep breath.  I probably looked like an idiot.  But, now was not the time to panic.  I laid my heart out on the line, in more ways than one.  I told her she was one of the most beautiful women I'd ever seen, and that if she would allow me the opportunity, I wanted to take her somewhere special.  That might seem a bit direct, but it helps your case a lot when a girl can simply watch your chest to see if your feelings are genuine.  Sure enough, no bloodstain appeared.  She looked down at the snowy ground, her cheeks growing even more red in the cold weather.

"Alright," she said, her lips teasing into a slight smile.  "What did you have in mind?"

Good question.  What did I have in mind?

We ended up in a nearby restaurant, though I can't for the life of me remember how.  I got really lucky is probably the best answer.  As we took our seats in the booth, she took off her outer jacket, revealing a white sweater underneath.  I didn't think anything of it at first.

Slowly, as if unsure of herself, she unzipped the sweater too and pulled it down her arms, not fully off but not quite on either.  Beneath it, she was wearing a rather tight shirt which revealed her slender arms and the fair skin of her midriff.  I was caught completely off-guard by her drastic change of apparel.  She shivered a bit and rubber her shoulders.

I sat there speechless, transfixed by her beauty.  Her skin was so... perfect.  Not a single scar marred her arms, her stomach, her neck, or anything.  I realized I must have been staring, and turned a way just a bit too quickly.

"It's okay," she said softly, pulling her coat back on.  "I wanted you to see that, since... I mean, you were so up front with me and... but not in a bad way, and... I guess I could've just told you outright..."  She stared at the table a bit too pointedly.

I smiled to myself.  At least I wasn't the only one who was bad at this.

...

That was three years ago, back when life was so much simpler.  Back before the diagnosis, before the painful treatments which dragged on into weeks and then months.  Before we learned about the cancer that was eating away, slowly but surely, at her brain.

The doctors told us nothing could be done.  They could treat her, give her drugs to ease the suffering and ultimately the transition, but she was never going to get better.  They said she would be... gone... within a few months.  I stared at them like a hawk as they spoke, scrutinizing every inch of skin as I processed each sentence, but no Scars came.  It was the truth.

We were both left to ask why it had to be her.

She grew irritable and lashed out, though I could hardly blame her.  They said it was pressing on her brain, altering her mood and her thoughts.  I'm not ashamed to admit that I bawled my eyes out when I first heard the news.  But I had to be strong, I had to keep going.  I had to be a rock, no matter how hard that would be.

As her time in the hospital grew, so did the doses they gave her.  On one of her worse nights, I sat there with her as she tried to process all the built up frustration.  I could see in her eyes that she didn't fully recognize me, a look I would never grow used to.

With no other outlet, she turned it on me.

"Why did this have to happen?" she suddenly screamed at me, choking back a sob.  Tears streamed down her cheeks.  "I... I hate you!"

For a moment, neither of us said anything.  We sat in near silence, interrupted only by the occasional sob.  I watched her somberly, not daring to react.  And that's when I saw it.

A large pool of blood soaked into her hospital gown, just above her heart.  The only Scar she would ever have.

...

Thanks for reading!

-ShutainzuGeito