“Fuck,” she mouthed to herself when she saw Mary on the other side of the Classon Avenue.  Immediately recognizable by her tall stature, styled lob, and signature A-line dress, Mary was the last person she wanted to see in front of her apartment building.

Her first instinct was to turn around, walk the five flights up to her hot apartment, and never speak of Mary again. It had been years since Mary lived just a few blocks away, a time when the two women saw on the street regularly, but never once spoke. She knew her face and her figure, and even her gait, but hadn’t actually heard her voice.

When they shared the same tiny corner of Brooklyn, she had successfully averted Mary’s glance countless times -- when she saw her shopping for kale in the supermarket, in downward dog two mats away at a yoga class, listening to music underground in the subway station, walking her dog, hauling old dresses to the local Goodwill. It was relentless, and Mary’s presence in her life was relentless, until one day she packed up her things and moved to Queens, never to be seen again.

They had shared more than just a neighborhood. Her boyfriend Luke had been with Mary for ten harrowing years before they met. At the beginning of her relationship with Luke, she checked Mary’s Instagram account regularly, Google searched her name, and asked Luke describe each and every time they had broken up over a decade. She wasn’t looking for anything in particular in this investigation, except for assurance that the length and significance of his time with Mary would never threaten their relationship. He gave her that assurance, and once Mary was in Queens -- out of sight, out of mind -- she finally believed him.

But as soon as Mary was seemingly out of their life for good, she was visited by her in her dreams. At first it was once a month, and then it was once a week. In each dream, she watched as Mary and Luke’s relationship flourished in front of her. The dreams followed a stereotypical love story. In October, she watched their first date as teenagers. In November, she witnessed their first kiss. By December, the two were spending the holidays together and kissing beneath mistletoe.

A Mary and Luke’s relationship progressed in her dreams, so too did the frequency of Mary’s visits to her subconscious mind. On the first day of Spring, Luke had proposed to Mary in Prospect Park, their favorite place to visit. By April, they were engaged to be married. By June, they were expecting a baby. And then the baby was born, and they named him Paul.

She woke from these dreams suddenly, her heart pounding, her body drenched in a cold sweat. She told Luke all about these dreams, just how vivid they were, how it was like she was watching someone else live her life and she was just a passive observer. He provided further assurance to her, and for a few moments each day, she accepted those assurances.  But the dreams were so paralyzing, that she quietly swore off sleep for good. She drank coffee and kept herself busy with work into the early morning hours, but she always slipped away into unconsciousness, where she would be enveloped in the darkness of this alternate, relentless universe. 

So when she finally saw Mary in front of her apartment, she knew she had to say something. She needed to confront this demon, hear its voice once and for all, and hopefully put an end to the relationship she shared with Luke, that existed only to her, in her mind.

Despite her sleeplessness, or maybe because of it, she waved to the other side of the street and approached her. “Hey Mary. I’ve always been meaning to introduce myself. I’m Elizabeth,” she stammered.  

“Yes, I know! I used to see you all the time when I used to live here. Thanks for introducing yourself. How are you? How’s Luke doing?”

“Of course! It took me a little longer than I thought to build up the courage to say hi. He’s doing great, we actually still live on this block,” she paused. “It’s so funny that we ran into each other. This is so weird to say, but I’ve been dreaming about you a lot recently. I have no idea why, but ever since you moved away from this neighborhood, it’s like I still see you all the time...”

“That’s so random! I guess I’m flattered? I really do need to get going, but please tell Luke I say hi. Oh, and that Paul says hi too, Luke will know who I’m talking about,” She smirked. “It was great to finally meet you, Elizabeth.”

"What the...," she started to respond. But before she knew it, Mary was gone. 