Sean's mom was just starting to lay into him for putting all his points into luck when his grandma called. He could already see it working out, but his mother hadn't wasted a lot of points in intelligence, so he didn't think she'd get it. 

"This isn't over," she yelled at him as he walked out the door. 

*Isn't it though? It's not like I can change my skills now,* he thought. 

He'd hardly made it around the corner when a twenty dollar bill fluttering in the wind seemed to land under his foot as he walked. He smiled as he dusted off the bill and shoved it in his pocket. At the gas station his neighbor Sarah was behind the counter. He eyed her nervously as he grabbed a slushy, looking away when she glanced in his direction. 

"So, uh, what are you doing tonight," he asked. The words seemed to come out of his mouth slow and stupid when Sarah was around. 

"Nothing," she sighed. "Found a Tinder date, but he cancelled. Probably found a hotter date." She rang up the slushy, "That everything?" 

"Hotter date? Not likely," Sean said, then instantly regretted the words coming out of his mouth. To his surprise Sarah blushed. An awkward silence hung for a moment then he gestured to the scratch offs. "Let me get number one, number four, number eleven and luck number thirteen."

He paid with the twenty he found on the road then set to work scratching at the lottery tickets with a quarter. He kept his eyes on the scratch off and asked, with what he hoped was some confidence, "So, if you're not doing anything tonight then how about I take you to dinner?"

Sarah seemed to think for a few seconds. During that time Sean finished the first scratch off. *A million fucking dollars? No way.* 

"Sure, it'll be fun. Where we going?" She answered. 

He hardly heard the words over the blood rushing in his ears. *A million fucking dollars,* he repeated to himself. "N-n-n-nicest place in town," he finally stammered out, sliding over the lottery ticket. "I think I'm rich."

He looked down at the three remaining lottery tickets and smiled. 