I am a ordinary forensic scientist. Except I am not ordinary. I can run faster than any other man. Except I can't run faster than the man who murdered my mother. 

With the help from my friends I plan to avenge my mom and get my father who was wrongly condemned for a crime he didn't commit out of prison!

I am in love with my adopted sister and everything is looking like it will turn out all right. Except while we were having a Christmas party and eating dinner with our Friends and Family my Nemesis "Zoom" rushed into my home and kidnapped my father.

I quickly ran after "Zoom" but I was too slow. My father had been "Hand Chested" by "Zoom". I then set out on my quest to avenge my father and murder "Zoom".

I ran back in time to 5 minutes in the past and got my past self to help me in my quest. Together we defeated "Zoom" by calling upon the "Time Remnants" to kill him for abusing time travel.

All was good in the world. I went home and me and my sister sat on the porch. She told me that we could finally start a relationship together. 

I had waited my entire life for this moment, I had avenged my "Mom and Dad" and finally the love of my life, loved me back...

I told her "No"... She was confused, I had waited so long for her and then I turned her down. I told her that I did not deserve her... Not while I was still a broken man...

She cried, I told her I was "Sorry and that I loved her..." I then ran down the street faster than I had ever ran before. I opened a "Time Rift" and went back to the night my "Mom" was murdered.

I defeated my Arch Nemesis and stopped my "Mom" from ever being killed. However in doing that I had erased the previous timeline. My entire life that I had experienced was erased and I awoke in a new timeline.

I was not "The fastest man alive" I was a ordinary "Forensic Scientist" something was wrong though... My adopted sister had never met me in this timeline.

My entire life was wrong. All my friends from my old life either hated me or did not know me...

I felt broken beyond what I had felt before. I was confronted by my Nemesis in the new "Timeline" he said that this was all a mirage and a stupid mistake that I had created.

Together we teamed up and went back in time to correct my mistake. Together we killed my "Mother" and restored the timeline...

I woke up in my bed... Time fixed and restored, I went to check on my friends. 

They were all the same except the "Hot Doctor" had received Ice Powers like  "Elsa". My "Nerd Lord" friend... Well... Apparently my time mishaps had caused his brother to die in a car wreck.

I then checked on my friends from "Chicago" things were all the same except the man named "Diggie" well... My time mishaps had changed his kid's gender...

So I explained to everyone how I messed up the timeline and some of my friends have forgiven me.

The earth was attacked by some "Aliens" called "Dinonators" because they feared my "Time Mishaps" would eventually effect them.

So that's my story. I messed up time and everyone hates me. I am very fast and I got lightning bolt shoes.

All these powers are thanks to the one and only...


(SPEED FORCE)