I awaken, confused and disoriented. I gather myself and take a look around. Im in a prison, but the bars are... baby blue? And the ground is soft... no... I'm in no prison. I struggle to roll over... this doesn't feel right... I try to choke out the word "help" but nothing comes out. I try to stand up, using the bars for support, but alas I cannot control my legs well enough to stand. What happened to me? I look at my arms and legs... they are tiny... like a babys... what the hell? I take a moment to close my eyes, breathe deeply, and then inspect the room. I'm in a nursery? But I'm in the crib, yet I'm far too small... have... have I turned into a baby? I try to recall the day before... I remember walking home with my wife... we had just finished a movie... it was date night. We were walking home when we turned the wrong corner and a man pulled a gun and told me to give him all my cash. I didn't have any cash, so I held out my wallet, then grabbed the gun and tackled him. The gun fired off several times, but I managed to free it from his grip and hit him in the head, knocking him out. My wife was screaming the entire time. I said "it's okay" and tried to stand, but I couldn't. I fell to one knee and then the pain kicked in. I looked down and saw two perfect holes in my shirt, each with a crimson ring forming around them. I looked at my wife. Her shocked face was the last thing I saw before going dark. I immediately jumped awake. Panicking I looked around the room. I was in what looked like a receptionist room, with one door leading in and one behind and to the left of the counter with the name "god" on it. There say a desk, and behind was a man in a typical office rolling chair. The man behind the counter had wings, and a glowing golden halo above his head. He then explained to me that I had accumulated a lot of karma during my time alive. I had done a lot of work for my local church and I'd always done my best to help whoever I could. He told me that I could spend my karma however I pleased. He said I could donate however much I wanted towards making a newborns life better. Then, He told me of the several different afterlife packages they had, ranging from "hell" to "omega deluxe package" I didn't pay too much attention to the details, I didn't really consider it. I already knew what I wanted. I donated all of it, my life's savings of karma. He seemed shocked. "You'd spend an eternity in hell to make one persons short life better?". "Of course" I responded "that one person could make something to make billions of others lives much better". He really didn't know what to do. I didn't do anything bad, so he couldn't send me to hell, but I didn't have enough to afford even the lowest package. He knocked on the door behind him. "We uh, we have an issue sir". The door opened to what seemed like a wall of light. A voice boomed from what seemed like everyone and nowhere all at once. The voice said "for far too long the world has gone without hope, without a guardian. For far too long I have abandoned your world. But you... a man so generous that he would spend an eternity in torment for the life of one who he does not know... I cannot let a heart like yours fall into such a fate. I claim you as my son. You are to be my messenger. You are to save this world, to make people change their ways, to end the corruption and greed and tyranny of your world. For far too long I have abandoned your world for dead. You must return. From now on, your name shall be Jesus. You shall spread my word and make the world better. It's fate is in your hands. Now go, be gone from here and do not return till your task is complete." "How do I do tha-". "Did I hit him too hard?" Asked the angel who had left the counter and snuck up behind me, with A baseball bat propped on his shoulder, that was the last thing I saw before the world went dark again. So here I am, a newborn. I cannot speak yet, but when I am old enough, I will reveal myself and free this world. The people need my help, I will answer their call. So I sit here, waiting until I am old enough, capable enough to change their hearts and save these people. But until then, I'm just a baby. I think of the perfect facade to wear while my mother enters the room and feeds me. I begin the planning 