The young Caliph sat in his tower, surveying his kingdom stretching well beyond the horizon in every direction. It had been considered impossible, what he had done to bring the entire Islamic nation together. Powerful men had tried to unify the chosen for thousands of years, only to be corrupted by their own unworthiness, often seeking power for its own sake and private purposes. Oroitz succeeded where others had failed. That he was a European made the feat an impossible miracle, praise be to Allah. Bringing Mohammad's followers together had been the Caliph's sole purpose ever since anyone would listen during his charismatic, self-righteous youth. But that was not his final goal.

Now it was time to bring the other peoples into the grace of God, and the lands north of his seemed to be the proper candidates. Theirs was a nation of lost souls, literally, metaphorically and politically. The people yet lived in squalor and fear under the heel of bloodthirsty oligarchs, the wretched having nothing to believe in to give them hope. The Caliph could not, would not fail at saving them. 

So it was said.

-


The well-beaten prisoner was dragged in to the Caliph's chambers in shackles. It had been a trivial matter to kidnap the officer from his family’s home in St. Petersburg. He was a promising soldier and politician, but not a well-protected one. His handlers dropped him roughly on the stone floor, and left the room reluctantly as the Caliph bid.

“I was not as smart as I thought, you know,” Oroitz finally stated. The prisoner looked up in surprise.

“I have no idea why I’m here…” the soldier rasped. If his jailor heard him, he didn’t give any indication of it.

“My second time around, I assumed my memories were a fantastical dream,” the Caliph continued, “After all, who, but crackpots and mystics would believe that you could remember the actions of your past lives?” The captive looked up in surprise. The young Caliph smirked. “I would have certainly been mocked to say I retained the experiences of Napoleon Bonaparte! But then I came to decide that the memories were a boon from beyond our world, a gift so that I could learn from prior mistakes. It had to be the natural order of things that I should make the world one. So, blitzkrieg across the Eastern front my armies did. What a shock and despair it was to be defeated so relentlessly once again!” The caliph was spitting out the words at this point. The prisoner’s face had calmed. The Caliph stilled in response. 
“When I awoke this time in this world, with two lives already crammed in me, I knew my memories were real. I was Emporer! I was Fuhrer! I am Caliph!

“I knew I could lead people easily, angry ones who felt wronged and needed redemption. So as before, I invited the willing populaces to take control of their lives; they followed me easily enough. But I still wanted that which had been denied to me before.” The caliph peered into the eyes of the fallen man. His eyes were ageless, but the officer’s face was stoic. 

“I don’t know why you are telling me this!” the prisoner muttered, “Send me away. You are insane!”

“Oh, we won’t be doing that!” the Caliph laughed, “You see, I’m not so stupid anymore. In the end, I’ve realized I don’t have a unique gift. I’m not that special. I’m not even smart as you, I know…” The beaten man’s face watched him less steadily. “There are others who remember, I finally realized. It’s not a gift. It’s simply just the way some of us are.” The Caliph edged his face closer to his onlooker. “Your name, Bronislav, isn’t it? Quite appropriate I think. Protector of the glory, did you choose it yourself?” The man said nothing. The young ruler watched for admission, “However, I think I preferred it when you called yourself Stalin, more so when you went by Alexander.” The Caliph stood triumphantly.

Bronislav Osinov finally let his despair show. *The Caliph knew.* “You’ve won,” he wept. “Just kill me and be done with it.”

“And let you be reborn free to come back and beat me another time?” the Caliph predicted. “I can’t beat you in a war and I know it. No, no, you will live a long time my friend.... There will come a winter when I will take Russia.” 

Bronislav glowered with impotent rage. 

Caliph Oroitz, the false prophet, sighed with pleasure.

“and this time you will only get to watch…”


edit: A big thanks to /u/moscow_troll for a proper Russian name and along with  /u/lostoldnameagain for teaching me some culture