I am from this family and my family has been passing down this bag for generations which is a magical bag. It gives the possessor whatever that person needs the most in that situation. Or is going to need. Get the idea? 
So I was boarding a bus one time and I reached in there thinking that now I need money to buy the ticket. But instead, I got a gun out of the bag.

I panicked and put the gun back inside it and closed the flap trying to make it go away. I reopened the bag and the gun was still there. I felt my heart pump adrenaline laced blood into my body and I started taking faster breaths. The conductor was waiting for me and I had not given him money. I just took out my wallet and handed him the money. When he passed, I looked back in the bag, and the gun was still there. 

Something is going to happen soon. I looked up and around at my co-passengers. There was an old man in the front seat and two women in the seat across me. There were men and women on the seats ahead of me and I glanced back and many of the seats were taken. I guess someone in the bus was going to attempt something. Perhaps robbing the people? Or some terrorist attack? I began cycling through the possibilities.
 I slid my hand inside my bag and kept my hand on the gun and waited. 

The bus continued on its journey and I was scanning each and everyone and listening to any disturbance in the back. I was glancing occasionally in the back but I thought that that would spook whoever it was who was going to cause trouble. There was this one man in the back seat who was constantly looking out the window. He was a tall man with a balding head and he seemed muscular though I couldn't see clearly. He had a brown shirt on and each time I glanced back, I noticed that he was just looking out the window. 

After glancing back multiple times and seeing no suspicious activity, I just kept my hand on the gun and started to relax when I heard a sudden gasp in the back and a couple of yells from some people. I started to turn back and I recall it all in slow motion after that. As I was turning back, I noticed something unusual in the air from the corner of my eye. My eyes went up there and it was that man in the brown shirt in midair. His arms outstretched towards me and his eyes now resembled that of a cat with slits. He was baring his teeth and the lips were slowing moving out of the way of the teeth. The teeth were needle like and ready to pierce whatever part of me they could grab.

I felt my hand move and the gun was out of the bag. I knew then and there that before even I could bring that gun up, I was going to be in the clutches of the man in the air. Or the beast in the air. I had to gain just a moment’s notice till I bring my gun up so that I could fire it. My left hand then began its ascent toward my neck.
 
Then the beast with the yellow eyes slammed into me with a lot more weight than I could have guessed of a man that size. But that was not a man. I banged my back against the seat in front of me but just managed to save my head banging against it too. The beast went biting into my arm and I could feel its teeth literally reach all the way inside my forearm and pierce my bones. It bit once more trying to pull my arm away from my head. It's one hand was on my shoulder while his left hand buried inside my ribs and began snapping my bones.

It had not seen the gun in my hand and now my gun was positioned point blank at its neck and I shot it. It shrieked in some deep and dark way like bats would in a dark cave and I pushed it down on the floor while it writhed and I shot it again. Three times in the head. I then noticed the cries of the people around me in the bus. Everyone had this terrifying look in their eyes as if they themselves had battled this creature. 

I felt some wet tickle down my right thigh and found that the beast had torn open my abdomen below my ribs and now everything began to signal its damage to my brain. The pain shot up and I quickly scanned everyone else in the bus. No one seemed willing to move and so I quickly put my hand inside my bag. Something to stop my bleeding.

Instead, I felt some leather and hard metal. I took it out and it was a police badge in my hand. I held it over my head for everyone to see and said, ‘I am from the police. Don’t worry. The threat has been subdued.’ I almost fell forward. The bus driver had stopped the bus after taking it down the road. He opened his door and got out of the bus and ran away from it. I got away from the dead body and walked towards the exit door of the bus.

I opened it from the driver’s controls and looked at all of those silent and shocked faces. Many had tears in their eyes. It was a wonder that I did not shot anyone accidentally. ‘Get off the bus and get out of here fast.’ I said and I stepped out of the bus.

I put my hand inside my bag and it gave me a cell phone. 

‘Goddamnit give me something for the blood.’ I cursed it.

And then it did.