She looked up at the sky and shuddered, trying hard to focus on the task at hand rather than the liquid shadow that clouded her good judgement and the flowers in her garden. Two weeks ago, the rain had been a godsend. For months, the city had been rationing water. Watering the garden was a luxury, and now there were several feet of water right above her head, yet she couldn’t use any of it to feed her plants. 
She reflected on the last several weeks, trying to make sense of the omens that had presented themselves throughout the last few months. There had been experiments done with fish and humans, attempting to incorporate gills and advanced pressure systems into human DNA. It had started as a military experiment, but had received public popularity within diving communities. Just a month earlier, scientists in California had announced a massive break through, showing the first human adult with a set of fish gills protruding from the neck.
Then there had been the massive water shortages across the world. In her area, there had always been rainfall. The Appalachian mountains got rain 2-3 times a day but one day it suddenly stopped raining. The flora and fauna were dry and brown, and there had been more bear attacks as the animals became desperate for food. Her daily hike up the mountain had been postponed indefinitely after a recent attack against a fellow hiker. 
The final sign had been somewhat obvious in hindsight. One night she had gone to bed and woken with a peculiar sense of grace. She was athletic, hiking daily and playing basketball in high school, but she had never been graceful. Her movements had purpose, her body made of sharp edges and angles. But that morning she had felt like she was floating. From making her morning coffee to weeding the garden, she had felt a curious sense of grace coursing through her veins. As she had watered the garden, she had felt odd. The water, which usually sprayed everywhere, had landed exactly where it was supposed to. No wasted water on the rocks surrounding the flower beds or an accidental spray on herself. It was rather like the water was listening to her thoughts and bending in accordance. 
A reoccurring dream had taken root in her mind, trying to tell her something. In her dream, she could look up at the water and it would part, letting her see into the sky beyond. Although her view was distant, the sky appeared to be filled with flying creatures. They were all different colors, ranging from red and blue to silver and black. They flitted around and around, building something that very much resembled a boat. When she tried to get closer to the hole in the water curtain, the creatures would flock to the hole and hiss and scream until she left. 
Back in her garden, she flexed her fingers and noted the water droplets that beaded on the flowers and the small lurch of the hose in her hand. She had been practicing these little exercises a few times a day, but recently she had tried it in public. When the neighbor’s kitchen had caught fire, she had pulled the water from the air, preventing the fire’s spread throughout the house. She knew the time was nearing when she would have to use her abilities. 
The moment came too soon. She was at home, enjoying lemonade in the backyard. She had gotten rather good at controlling the water, mixing the lemonade with a few twists of her right hand as she prepared dinner. She had been gazing up at the sky, contemplating the muted sunlight that still managed to filter through the water layer. Suddenly it parted, and a silver creature passed through. She sat there shocked and dumbfounded, experiencing a moment of perfect calmness as her fluid powers recognized those in the creature. It stared at her, as if willing her to understand it’s intent. She felt a calming sensation as the thing slowly stepped towards her. As it grasped her hands, she felt a connection, one stronger than any she had felt with anyone on earth. She knew then that she would be fine. She could only hope the same could be said for the other humans.