Dust swirled around the dapper gentleman's feet as he held his hand toward the flittering wisp. The wisp's bright red light had long since faded to a cool white, and the glow softly lit the grimace on the man's face.

"For countless years I have pursued you, you unmaker of dreams. What have you to say for yourself?"

The light pulsed, and the wisp twirled lazily in the air.

He turned away with a sigh. "How can it be that you've spent all this time in my wake, yet you've still no appreciation for all the things I've wrought?"

Two pulses, and a sharp drop in height. The man's nostrils flared in anger. A drop of blood trickled down, his fists so tightly clenched as to leave small crescent-shaped cuts in his palm.

He shook his head with the weight of the years he'd spent watching his creations sullied by the spark, and turned his palm outstretched to the frenetic thing. It's glow licked the edges of his hand amicably, like an old dog's greeting.

Like a steel trap, his fingers snapped shut around the ball of light. In a flash, the mote was gone, the last glowing traces carried away by an errant gust.

The man stood there for a good while, staring at the dust that coated his palm. Occasionally it pulsed, the final throes of the chaos that had taken his friends for so long. He grinned sadly and wiped his hand on his shirt, but the stain remained. He wiped again. The glow intensified. The sad smile was quickly overtaken by confusion, and then panic as the glow darkened, from white to pink, pink to red. It was creeping up his arm now, faster with every inch. He opened his mouth and emptied his lungs, expecting to hear the shrill of his own scream. But all he heard was raucous laughter, a child. Then everything was black.

The boy put his hands over his head and stretched, the glow of his red skin casting a warmth over his immediate surroundings. He looked around. To his left, nothing. To his right, nothing. He took a step, and a tulip popped up where his foot touched the ground. He took another, and another, and more flowers followed. In no time at all, the boy's dance had sprung an entire field into existence. The first flower sighed, feeling unwanted, and laid down to sleep. A black mote floated from it's faded petals. The mote touched another flower, and it too wilted. But mote pulsed in delight as another of its kind floated up to join him.


So this is my first writing prompt and I'm sure it's absolutely nonsense and also just barely fits the premise but I hope you guys like it.