The silence was broken by the sticky sound as the syrup cup was pulled gently from the saucer beneath it. Then the sound of cutting and chewing.

Finally the man behind the gray curtain spoke.

"It can't be that simple. They won't be that stupid!"

"You're new, I understand that, but they are, they've always been."

"But-"

"I'm sorry Gray, but we've been through this. Now if you have some other argument to make that's what we are here for. Unanimous or not at all."

"No you're right. Sorry everyone." There were mumbled responses.

"I just worry you know?" A few more forks clicking down on trays, napkins to faces. They had distinct sounds.

Orange and Blue started to speak at the same time. There was a full twenty seconds of silence while both waited for the other to continue then they spoke over each other again.

"No go ahead-" "I can wait-"

"I just," Blue said slowly testing the waters, "I just wanted to say I agree as well. It is drastic, people will lose their lives, their liberties, we can't even control the outcome but let's be brutally clear. The ice isn't magically going to refreeze. Our grandchildren's grandchildren would put the guns in our hands themselves if they had the chance.

"I agree." Orange said. Everyone waited. She often came to answers slowly but there was a lot of wisdom there.

"I just don't know if we have the ability. Our cyber divisions are loyal of course but the Russians are skilled."

There was some throat clearing.

Black spoke up again. "We have some friends in Ecuador. They will get us physical access, we just make it look like it was the Russians that did the hack. Then we shut him down and clear the evidence. When the story breaks no one will think twice about Russia actually doing it. Hell Putin himself will take credit. Better to appear a tiger than have the world know someone played him."

"And if the buffoon goes public?"

"You are forgetting the pictures and video do exist. The hookers, the blow, the bravado about the... blacks and others. He knows someone has it. That's enough."

"We control the reins. We let them buddy up then tip the scales. The Pictures of Pence with the alter boy come out, cut out the power behind the thrown. The story and pictures about his daughter leak at the same time taking out her and her husbands support. Then we push buttons. The UN will have to step in to advert a world war. And who does the US buy steel from the build the war machines? Who's been instrumental in satellite tech? Their friendly neighbor to the north. They will come to us and we can take a more public lead, if that looks to be what is needed."

"But surely the American public will not stand by while their country is run into the ground."

There was some muted sounds and someone spoke up in a loud whisper.

"So long as their reality TV is on, and the beer flows, they won't even notice."