It was just a small piece of graffiti carved into an outcropping near the Missouri River back in 2072. No one really knew anything about Ben Johnson or who he was other than he apparently had taken a class in 2072. There was other Graffiti as well such as "For a good time call this number" or "Fuck Tecumseh-Go Tigers"  carved into this cave that was known to the locals as Indian Cave. There also were petroglyphs but no one could read those. But Ben Johnson had been one of the few to carve his name on the part of the cave that was most visible, and did so in letters three feet high. 

Since not much had been able to carve through the solid rock, which was visible from the road about 20 feet below. People saw Ben  Johnson's name as they drove through the park. It had survived two ice ages and a number of wars, but somehow, this outcropping of Indian Rock with "Ben Johnson- Class of 2072." 

For years people had searched in vain but records had been lost in the great Dakota fire of 3030 and as well as in numerous Tornadoes and of course the great war of 13448 which nearly destroyed the planet. Yet the rock remained. It even gave name to the two towns nearby. Benstown and Johnsonville. People apparently thought he was important enough to remember not just with the rock, but with towns founded not even a century ago.

It was a tradition for the students of the Benstown-Johnsonville consolidated schools to crawl up the rock and touch the letters. And it was on that night that Apple Turnbuckle, a senior at the school climbed up. Most of her classmates simply used jetpacks to reach the top but Apple was a tough cookie and decided to climb like her father, mother, and grandfather had done.  

Apple made the somewhat difficult climb to the top but once there, she saw something that until then was an urban legend. She saw a shadowy figure wearing a sort of hooded garment and blue colored pants that looked a tad odd. He seemed to be just sitting there though, and didn't say anything, but when Apple looked at him, he turned to look at her.

She said "who are you?" and he said "Well i'm Ben Johnson. And i'm stuck here on this rock" 

She then tried to climb down. Johnson's ghost however just stayed on the rock  .  He then said "why the hell won't people just let me be!"