Night covered the Quebec landscape like a fire blanket. Gevio Sole an immigrant to the city walked briskly towards the emergency meeting at the Office. His time at the company had been short but he had quickly been promoted up the ladder to CTO. He wondered internally if his fathers recommendation had improved his chances. His father, a renowned engineer, had recommended his son for his initial job in R&D to his friend Aaron Kise, the company's now CEO. As his mind raced with thoughts of nepotism and unearned praise he blindly walked into the street in front of an oncoming Toyota Corolla the color of snow. The car screeched to a halt as Gevio flinched. The driver a middle aged white man of some portliness hung his rotund head out the window into the street "watch it, prick!" an unusual departure from the   "I'm Sourry, friend" Gevio had come to expect.

The conference room was lacking in the usual pleasantries and hors d'oeuvres  Gevio had come to expect from company functions. There were no cucmber slices or cheese trays on this night, only the increasingly dower faces of the CEO Aaron the CFO Matilda Hawthorne, and Head of accounts Samantha Goliman all sitting around a small table. 

"We're fucked" says Aaron as Gevio enters and is motioned to the open leather backed chair across from Samantha. 

Gevio was shocked to hear obscenities from his otherwise constantly cordial superior. 

"We're not fucked" replies Matilda, "We didn't do this, we didn't set it up, all we did was maintain it. there is no was this comes back on us."

"Someone want to fill me on what exactly is happening here"

"Your predecessor fucked us is whats happening. He signed a deal he had no way of enforcing and died before it could become his goddam problem."

"k130" Gevio said aloud. "This is about K130, I fucking knew there was something up with that!" 

"Yes" responded Aaron "tell us what you know about it"

"Nothing! all I know is that there is some room in MY DEPARTMENT I'm never allowed in, no one knows anything when I ask about it and its 3:00 in the morning and I got summoned to a cut rate hotel, that about sums up my knowledge of k130"

There was some sort of rousing on the street, faint noises in the distance like a screech or some sort of animal noise, it wasn't immediately detectable, like a foghorn from the next town over. 

Samantha spoke for the first time since Gevio entered. "Have you ever noticed how the people here never seem to get upset?" Gevio nodded bemused "well that's not just Canadian kindness. in 1963 your predecessor signed a deal the the Canadian parliament that would ensure the people of Canada remained kind, polite, and...docile. they did it by channeling all those frustrations into animals namely gooses"  

Gevio Scoffed "Is this your idea of a joke! it's the middle of the night and I have shit to do in the morning!" he barked as he grabbed his jacket and made his way for the door. 

"SIT THE FUCK DOWN" Aaron screamed as Gevios hand grasped the handle. 

Frightened, Gevio complied 

"Look G, its not magic" Matilda said in an easing town sensing Gevios discomfort
"Anger is like all emotions electrical signals in the brain. we simply installed a small chip in in the Canadian citizens that reroutes those signals somewhere else" 

"buy why not just get rid of it" said Gevio dumbstruck

The noise outside increased a more guttural low monosyllabic sound became audible. 

"You cant just get rid of it. people still needed low levels of aggression to get through the day. After a certain level is hit the chip is activated and the impulses are transmitted to another chip placed in geese, geese were the obvious choice due to their already angry nature. we tried just leaving the chips dormant or placing them in inanimate objects but it failed. the only thing that worked was animals "

"But How" Gevio asked

"Vaccinations" the table responded in unison. 

The guttural noise grew louder and The room began to hear accompanying sounds like the whoosh of branches in the wind and heavy stomping.

"then whats the problem" Gevio asked "people seem as kind as ever with the exception of some dick I met on the street"

"The chips stopped working" Aaron replied "Well" he qualified "Stopped working isn't the correct way to put it. They haven't stopped transmitting anger...they've reversed it. none of us have the chips they were removed once we achieved our current position. Business is hard enough without having your anger taken from you" 

"Reversed! what the hell do you mean" gevio screamed 

The walls of the building began to beat like drums and the guttural noises increased. There were foot steps in the hallways thousands of them as the door to the room began to shake eventually bursting open

His question had answered itself. 

"Honk Honk Honk" screamed what seemed like an endless sea of people streaming into the doors of the office. Employees stood up and ran to the back of the room. "How did they find us!" screeched Matilda 

they were quickly overwhelmed

"Homing" whispered Gevio as the he was enveloped by this angry mob of geese people and torn apart limb from limb. 

Homing...



