I always knew I was different. My wife knew it too, thought I was special. She would always become bashful after seeing through my eyes. Kassie would see herself through my gaze and her heart would race furiously. We never talked about what he saw. She would just give me a hug and smile. My smile was more tight lipped for she could never know. I was not staring at her with adoration. I would become lost in thought whenever I looked at her. 
It all started when I was fourteen. Puberty had kicked in for me and every month I would see just a flash of her life. I could never comprehend those sneak peaks at her life. Though I could not hear, I could tell the language was of another land. From the people I saw, I though maybe she was German, or Scandinavian, or something. Being young and naive I just figured she was from some small village that had not caught up with the rest of society. The first few times she started seeing my life it scared her. Why? What could trigger that. She had to know that the world was different outside her village... I thought at least.
It wasn’t until history class my junior year when I saw someone I recognized during one of these flashes. I figured it was just a hallucination and scoffed at the thought. Until the glimpses of her life began to terrify me as well. Her family was forced to move to another part of the country. Each month her life became progressively worse. Kassie started talking to me in class more. It became painfully obvious I was her soul mate, yet I did not see through her eyes.
Eventually I saw a flash and caught her staring at her identification. Edith, she was my soulmate and yet... it did not matter.
I watched her write a note for me one day. It took me a few days to google it to figure out what it said. *Dear John, I don’t understand how this happened. I haven’t told anyone for fear that they’ll think I’m crazy. I don’t think we’ll ever meet, but know we will find each other one day.* 
It was brief, but it ripped my heart to shreds. How could my soulmate be somewhere else and I be Kassie’s soulmate. It didn’t matter, I knew how this story ended. When I recognized Anne that day in class I should not have brushed it off. She was famous and so far gone. The tradegy of my grief did not compare to the tragedy of their situation. 
The last flash haunts me and I relieve every time I stare at my wife. I watched Edith line up and though I could not see her face, I cannot shake the horrified expressions that plastered her families faces. The German soldiers fired and the flash went away. For years I wake up at night panicked with tears flowing down my face. Eventually I married Kassie and i was able to scare her with my episodes. I would wake up early and spend time in the bathroom crying. She thought I was just just sitting on my phone on the toilet. I would stare at myself in the mirror and demand why God would do that to me. Why would he do that to Edith...
Yet, I still married Kassie. Not out of love, but because I did not want her to be like me and unable to be with one’s soulmate. That day Edith left this world and 60 years later my heart left a husk of a young man to grieve in a one-sided loveless marriage. I would never tell Kassie for I do not want to hurt her. I just want this nightmare to end.

First post on here, tell me what you think. 
Also did this on my phone so there may be formatting issues