At a young age we were taught that our blood determined our faith, our decency, our value. To keep one's blood pure was to give back to society, to help others, to be good. We were told our life's ambition at a young age. 

Many chose to ignore this calling. But not I. I stayed true, I stayed pure. I dedicated my life to giving and selflessness. No one has ever dedicated and sacrificed as much as I have. No one has come close to the pain I have endured to keep my faith, my decency, and my value. 

I watch my coworkers, my neighbors, my family in disgust. They are contempt to live a life soiled by bad blood. How do they not understand the importance to remain pure? One day I'll show them. One day I will slit my wrists and let my clear blood flow before the world. And they will know, they will know the flaws pumping through their veins. 


On a particularly good and selfless day I dedicated myself to volunteering at the homeless shelter. I delivered sandwiches and poured soup into their hungry bowls. Poor souls, if only they remained true and pure their life wouldn't be in such ruin. 

As I prepared the next batch of food, my knife sliced through sandwich after sandwich. But then... I slipped. Instinctively I grabbed my wound. Looking around I spotted a napkin. Only when I released my mangled finger to grab the possible bandage did I noticed something missing. 

Where was my clear shinning blood? I craved to finally see evidence of my purity, my honorable blood. I looked at my finger in dismay. Looking deep, I peeled the wound open further and a dark black void stared back at me. 

How could this be? I have done nothing but help others. I helped those so far below me without a single thanks. All for the purity of my blood. But I am not pure... Somehow they have soiled me too... The disgusting, revolting, disgraceful scum of this world have touched my blood! I must drain out their filth! 

I grabbed the knife and sliced away at my arms, my legs, my face. But the blood wouldn't flow out. I dropped the knife and tried to peel my skin back from my flesh. 

But they stopped me. Their filthy revolting hands held me down as I tried to break free. How dare they touch me, restrain me, contaminate me! Can't they see how tainted they are making me? They are killing me!