There was no pain, no suffering, I didn't hear the weeping of my loved ones. It was calm, another night of sleep with a dream too vivid to be one. Soon, I would learn that I had died.

The backyard of my first home awaited me like an antechamber before I stepped into my demise. I had constructed a makeshift bench with my father eighty years ago and we had put it in the center of our garden. And there it was, creaking with a kid sitting on it and humming to himself.

I joined him. That scruffy hair and that song I would recognize forever, even then, when the clock of my life had stopped. It was me, humming my mother's favorite song, the one she sang to me every night before sleeping.

"Isn't it curious?" he said, gaze fixed ahead.

"What do you find curious?" I said with a smile. How old was him or should I say me? Eight? I didn't really care, it was a whimsical moment.

"We died this day. Right here after finishing our bench," he said, impassive. "We were born with a failure in our heart, yet we never knew it."

I frowned, what was he saying? "We never knew it you said?"

He nodded, "Yes, our consciousness kept going, jumping until it found a safe place for us." His gaze met mine. "Isn't it curious?"

I remember the calmness I found in his voice, in the whispering wind. It was strange, he talked weird concepts, scary ones, yet in that moment I felt profound relief and turned to see ahead. 

There was a neverending field of blooming roses, stretching past the horizon and swaying gently. The sunset bathed everything with its golden tint. How hadn't I noticed it before?

I breathed in deeply. "It is curious, unbelievable I would say."

"Yes, it is," a deep voice said. "It's almost as a God, isn't it? Taking care of our well-being, getting us as far away as possible from the end until there's no escape."

I turned and found myself at forty, wearing my work suit. I had a bouquet of lilies clasped in my hands. My wife's favorite flowers.

"Did we die before we proposed?" I said and drew my lips into a line.

"Yes, a tragedy. A terrorist attack at work," he said shaking his head.

I shuddered at the thought. "Are we dead now?"

"We won't wake up, not in this life," he said. "But our consciousness will find us another one."

"Isn't that curious?" I said, then I stood, not knowing why but knowing that it was the right thing.

"We died three times in a single life, that's curious," he said and stood too. "The next one we will have to take more risks, enjoy it more."

I laughed at those words, at the absurdity yet magical experience I was living. I feared Death when I was alive, afraid of the moment its scythe would snatch my soul and harvest it. Afraid of its void and terrified of what it truly was.

But in the end, I walked toward the sunset with an everlasting smile and unforgettable memories of a life that was worth living.

----------------------------------------------------

/r/therobertfall 
   
