It was big diesel-guzzling take-no-prisoners beast of a vehicle. Amphibious, bullet-proof, noisy as an earthquake and converted from some leftover war materiel that was so hot that with five spare minutes and some film you could take x-rays. Had plenty of space in the back for the things he needed to carry. Up front, plenty of room for a jolly old elf who rattled around in his old red suits; everything that had happened left him feeling so upset that the pounds practically fell off. He called it SLEIGH II. 

The radiation didn't matter to him, but it did a number on his reindeer so they were holed up for the duration. Missing Christmas 2037 was bad enough: there had been a NORAD radar on him for real and his old sleigh took a point-blank hit from a 35 kiloton anti-ballistic interceptor. He had to think quickly in those few milliseconds so he spent his magic on making sure he and his faithful reindeer survived the explosion and the fall down, down, down, towards a land full of bright and terrible lights with a thousand deadly Christmas stars overhead showing the way to Hell.

He had had that old sleigh for ... forever, really. Same for his famous red toy sack. Watching them flash out of existence was heartbreaking. But it gave him something in common with the humans. He lost nearly everything, they lost everything. The only ones that were left were locked down in their shelters, pockets of dozens here and there dug into the sides of mountains and into old mines. There wasn't anyone left watching the sky. Instead they watched Geiger counters and clocks and calendars, marking off a century a day at a time.

So why fly? There wasn't anyone around he was trying to hide from. Green military pants, red shirt, black boots, and Mrs. Claus made some green suspenders. He wore a tight fitting cap with his old white fur puffball stitched right to the top, instead of flopping around like the old days. Leather gloves kept his hands comfortable on the wheel of SLEIGH II and he made his way overland.

* * *

Tucked away in their beds were the dozen or so families of *Community Shelter 8.* The air had its characteristic twang, the smell of the filters and that weird burned smell that came through from the outside feed pipe. A construction paper christmas tree flapped against the wall in the common room, caught in the draft of the air recycler. 

Christmas Eve! A whole year since they went down into their hole and they had celebrated survival in their meager way. 

Christmas would mark a year since the world above went silent. Everyone planned on sleeping in, and there were no formal activities planned. It used to be a birthday, Christmas, celebrating hope and family. Now it was a death-day. 

The paper Christmas tree breezed this way, went still, and then breezed that way. 

If anyone was looking, they would have seen a man by the U-pipes that fed the life support system fresh air and ejected the shelter's stale air. They would have seen him reach into his pocket and throw a handful of shiny dust into the air, and they would have seen him climb into a huge armored vehicle and wink away at an impossible speed towards the northwest, in fact towards the *Oak Creek Village Fallout Shelter.* 

* * *

Rebecca and Jian had the early shift this morning. No one else was up.

Rebecca poured herself coffee from the pot in the common room, as usual. She hadn't run into Jian yet, but he would be in the control room checking the outside instruments, routine stuff. 

The movement of the paper on the wall caught her eye. She sighed. She was thankful that life in the shelter was boring, mostly free of drama. She had played a game as a kid built around the life she was living now - things could be so much worse. 

But what kind of future would her children have? Everyone decided that there wouldn't be gifts, just some extra rations with the menu heavy on the sweets. Had to keep things fair, the shelter had the things they *needed* and didn't make provision for something as frivolous as Christmas gifts.

A package. About as big as a filter module. Wrapped in beautiful paper and tied with a silver and green bow, and a tag tied to the knot. It hadn't been there during the celebration the night before.

Had someone been holding on to this for a whole year? She smiled as she went over to pick it up, and it was a little heavy for its size. She wanted to show it to Jian, so she made her way to the control room.

"Knock knock," she said. "You're not going to believe it."

"You know?" Jian asked.

"About the present?"

"What?" Jian was busier on the instruments that he usually was.

"Hold on," Rebecca set the gift down, "what are you talking about?"

"Look, look through the periscope."

Rebecca looked. It was snowing outside. It made her stomach sick. The last time she saw snow, it was made of ash, of buildings and things and animals and people. A whole year. *A whole year*, she thought, *and someone pressed the button again.*

"God, no…" she whispered. "How hot is it?" she asked Jian. 

"It's not."

Rebecca's eyes went to the geiger counter. And it read:

**000**

"The meter's broken," she reasoned.

"It's not," Jian replied. "I just finished double-checking with the test source. Meter works. That's real snow and there's no radiation outside." They sat together quiet for a few seconds. "You were saying something when you came in," Jian said.

Rebecca looked at the present, wrapped up and pretty. "I was going to ask you if you knew where that came from."

Jian looked confused. "What's going *on*?" He pointed at the tag. "What's the tag say?"

FROM: SANTA

TO: COMMUNITY SHELTER 8

MERRY CHRISTMAS - 2038

"I'm going to open it." Rebecca's fingers sunk into the paper tearing it, before Jian could suggest something else.

It was a simple cardboard box underneath, and the lid slid neatly off.

Corn seeds. Wheat seeds. Peas. Pepper seeds. Apple and cherry seeds. Avocado pits. A few whole potatoes. There were more and more.

And a note: *For New Life*

* * *

I collect my stories at /r/wpforme