**Note: Part 6 is located under the replies for part 5.**

Oh, I've got a good one.

A new restaurant had just opened up in town, it had a weird name, but no one seemed to pay much attention to it.

I decided to go there for lunch one day, just to see what it was like. Well, I got the shock of my life there. Let me tell you what happened.

I walked into the building (which was called *The High-Ruled Kingdom*, for whatever reason), and ordered my food.

The cashier looked up at me in a mixed variety of emotions.

Fear, surprise, shock, was that anger?

"No one's spoke that language in thousands of years."

I stared back at the man, confused. 

"What do you mean?"

The man took a lok over his shoulder, excused himself from his work station, then motioned for me to join him at a tale. I did, and then he began talking about verrryy strange things.

The man, who revealed himself to be a son of the current owner of *Forester Brewery*, said that the language I had spoken was only spoken by those from his homeworld. 

"Homeworld? Are you high or something?"

"No. I assure you that I have not taken any kind of mind altering drinks or food items, thank you very much."

For some reason, the man told his co-workers that he would be going home early and left the building. I followed.

I found the guy sitting on a very strange bike, it appaered to be made out of wood.

"Where'd you get this from?"

"Been in the family for years. my father wants to talk to you, now that the secret's out, no point in keeping you wondering."

Wait. This guy that I just met was telling me to go home with him? Was he insane?

"Look, if you think I'm getting on that bike with you..."

"Oh, you don;'t have to, you can just walk, if you like."

I ended up choosing the bike, against my better judgement. And let me tell you, I did *not* expect the guy to live in a freaking huge mansion.

While I was walking up the drive way, I wondered what this guy's father wanted with me, and what about this 'family secret'?

(Want to see more? Just ask.)

