"O cmon, not again! This again?”, said Bob. His real name wasn't even Bob. He was not even a TrokTrok, he was Human, living in a pathetic little blue rock somewhere 500 years light away with only a moon. But anonymity is key to our story. You would ask why, well there is a reason for everything. First of all, Bob doesn’t want to be disturbed. The letters that he has been receiving for the last 35 years had made him, let’s say a bit shy from other people. What he doesn’t need now is another trans-time call from you. Let’s start from the beginning when all this story started. It’s not even e good story. 

All started 1205 years ago. Bob was 10 years old when he received his first letter. “see you in 35 years”. Well, this is odd he thought because handwritten letters weren’t that common on 2013. Email was all the rage back then. He knew really well some friends of his that have received lately acceptance letters from Hogwarts, but this wasn’t the case. As everything odd in life, it only lasts 3 days. After that, he had forgotten about the letter.  Life went on as always does. We must also point out that humans forgot really quickly. But strangely enough, next year it happened again. Same as last year, “see you in 34 years”. This time the situation was serious as he could remember the last letter but this time only the number changed. This letter thing continued for 35 straight years. It was at 16 that he decided that was his grandpa that was pranking him. Grandpa always had old jokes to tell and lessons to teach to his grandchildren. “Well, jokes on you grandpa, you aren’t gonna be alive 28 years” thought when he was 17. Well, jokes on Bob cause grandpa was found dead at age 72 alone in his house a couple of years later. Life went on, years passed but letters kept coming year after year, on the same date, decrementing on the last number. At 25 even after he decided to move from his parent's house, letters kept coming to his new address. 

Humans are an interesting species. When something annoys them, the learn subconsciously to ignore that thing as if doesn’t exist at all. This was no different in Bob’s case. At some point in his life, I must be when he started to pay the mortgage for his new house that learned to ignore the letter thing. He was living the dream. A huge mortgage to pay, Netflux subscription, friends that he could talk to any time. No face to face off course. By now, humans were interacting only by internet gadgets. They were very proud of their expensive electronic gadgets. Some believe their gadgets were the main reason for them returning to the trees but that’s a story for episode 23. 

This time was different. This seemed to be the last one. But this time it said, “see you tomorrow”. “At least this is the last one”, thought Bob. At first, he was curious but after 3 cat videos, he totally forgot. Yet tomorrow came, usually as the previous day. This morning was no different for Bob. Alarm rang. He got up, eat something fast and drove his car to the office as usual. Typed in his big electronic gadget for 4 hours, eat lunch and continued to type something for 3 hours after that. Nothing happened on the big day. 35 years of letters and still nothing. 

This isn’t the end of the story, rest assure that Bob met the person who has been writing these letters to him for so many years. It wasn’t a particularly pleasant meeting though. As you already know, Lizard People of planet Blooburg like to prank on Humans before consuming them for dinner. This case was was no different. It was quick though, he didn’t feel pain. No one missed him. 

That’s all folks. Stay tuned for the next episode of Mundane stories around the Milky Way. 