*Wake up. Wake* UP*!* This couldn’t be actually *happening*, right? There was no way that bee had just spoken to me. And how come I hadn’t freaked out yet and ran from the room? Normally I cringe and yelp involuntarily when a bee even gets *near* me, let alone lands on my shoulder! Though my mind could barely comprehend what was happening, my body felt relaxed with the Reaper on my shoulder as if caught in an old friend’s embrace.

This seemed too vivid to be a dream. I pinched myself. It hurt, and that bee’s stinger could hurt a hell of a lot more. I reached for the phone in my pocket. If I was in a dream, then I’d probably have a difficult time typing, as if my thumbs were twice their size, and the keyboard kept rearranging the letters. The bee didn’t seem too perturbed by the movement of my shoulder, maintaining its perch. With ease, I began to type a message to my mother, “Help me. There’s a bee on m—” 

There came a squeak from the bee, like the noise a dog toy makes when you squeeze it, but without the proceeding sound of the toy refilling with air. I got the impression the bee was clearing its throat. “Your Majesty?” the bee said, more urgency in its voice this time. “I don’t mean to rush you, but it took a long time to get to you, and *many* bees sacrificed themselves. We honour them all as heroes to the cause, but I’d rather not be another, so we should probably get out of here.”

“B-bee!” I stammered, my mind slowly trying to accept what my body already seemed to know — that this was *not* a dream. The bee’s eyes shifted shape slightly, somehow portraying a very human expression of annoyance. “Yes, Your Majesty, I’m a bee. But I have a *name*. It’s Clay.”

“Seriously?” A bee named Clay? I don’t know what I expected a bee’s name to be, but I definitely hadn’t imagined it would be shared with a second season American Idol runner-up.

Clay sighed, like a balloon letting out just the tiniest wisp of air. “Yes. What did you think it was? Bzzzzzzzz?” *Kind of*. “We need to GO, Your Majesty! All of our queens are eagerly awaiting your return. Come on!” And with that, Clay flew back into the vent he’d come out of. So much for “my orders.” 

I took a deep breath, then exhaled slowly. These past fifteen seconds had been, by far, the strangest in my life. My long-held assumptions were starting to fall apart. My mother’s efforts to keep bees away from me, as well as those of all my caretakers, tutors, and bodyguards, hadn’t been about protecting me from a deadly allergy; it was something much more mysterious, maybe something *nefarious*. I had to see where this went. I stepped under the vent, went up on the tips of my toes and craned my neck so my mouth was almost level with the vent, and called “I guess I’ll meet you in the front yard, then.”

Edit: Some formatting - I wrote this in google docs, then just copied and pasted :/