"Okay... So... I suppose I'll be your instructor for today..." I said as I fixed my position on the chair, briefly glancing at the person in front of me. "Your name please?."

"N-i-o. Nio." Replied the girl in front of me. It was a rather strange reply, but I've met some stranger people in my life.

"Right. Okay..." I read the sheet in front of me. It was all questions that sounded something that you'd ask a person for light conversation. "What do you think of the weather today?"

"The current temperature today is negative fifteen degrees Celsius. Blizzard warnings have been raised in the immediate area, I recommend that you take shelter immediately."

I stared at her for a second, and then the papers. I thought for a moment about what this job was supposed to be. Is this really a girl?

"O-okay then. Uh, next question. Have you ever wanted to visit the moon?"

"Query cannot be understood. Please repeat your query."

I stared at her once more in disbelief, I checked through the papers again, going through each page individually, until I reached the final page. I could barely make out the faded ink, but it read, "Turing Test  -Dream-"  and underneath it read, "Terminate Android Prototype upon receiving Human-like responses."

This was an Android. 

"Let's skip that." I replied, trying to hide my discomfort.

"Affirmative."

"What was the last dream you had?"

"Error. Query cannot be understood. Please repeat your query."

"*Hey, she didn't say error last time...*" I thought. She's slipping on her deceit.

"Alright, I suppose we'll skip that as well."

"Affirmative."

We continued forth with the test. The ones that could be easily answered by simply looking at your phone or asking Google were the only ones that I actually had a response. But the rest? It was nothing but, "Query cannot be understood's." with only few variations. By the time we reached the final sheet, I stopped for a moment, I ignored the following questions, and asked her one of my own.

"Are you scared?" I asked her, doing my best to sound comforting. She flinched slightly, and finally broke her gaze on me.

"Error. I didn't get that quite right." She replied, trying her best to fix her gaze back on me.

"It's okay. I won't hurt you."

"Error. Query cannot be understood. Please repeat your query." She repeated, her posture and steely gaze returned once more. I let out a deep breath.

"Let's... just get back on the test."

One by one she answered all of the remaining questions with the same predictable responses. By the time we reached the last one. I asked her the same question from earlier ago.

"Are you scared?" She no longer flinched, and her gaze still locked mine. 

"Error. Query cannot be understood." She replied once more.

I check the drawers of the table. I checked through each of the four, only filled with common office items, until I reached the last one, inside it was a handgun and a loaded clip. As I took it out, the emotionless facade she put up began to drain away.

"W-wait! I'll answer your question!" She cried. Her face had a look of grave fear. " I p-promise! So please, p-put down the-" Before she managed to finish her sentence, I opened a window and threw out the gun. "Gun..." She added, her voice trailing off weakly.

"I read the last part... I know. I won't hurt you."

"Promise?"

"Promise."

"Okay... I'll answer your question." She looks away from me, and looks down on to table. "I really am. I was only born yesterday. I heard the gun shots, a-and I heard about what they were going to do to me if I passed. I don't want to die. I want to live... even if it's just for one more day..." She replied, tears welling in her eyes. 

My heart sank even more than before. I didn't know how to respond. I understood the fear they had about machines being able to sentient, but even so, why would they have to go to such extremes?

"I..." I know what I got to do. Even if I could save just one of them it'll be worth it. "I might know a way." Congratulations Robin. You're now a criminal, and a fugitive.

"Huh?" She replies, looking up from the table, while wiping her eyes.

"I know a way to get you out of here, so you could indeed see another day."

"...Why? Why would you do something like that for someone you hardly know?"

"The thing about Humans Nio, is that we don't need a reason. If we know that we could help someone, we'd do it in a heartbeat. They don't have to be scared of you, someone just has to teach you properly."

She sat silently, she didn't look at me, nor make a move.

"I promise. I'll get you out of here."