I pull myself up out of bed, trying to shake off the black cloud that loomed over me. Mornings were the most difficult, awakening to pull away from the feelings of yesterday with the knowledge that it would happen again. 

Every. Single. Day.

My bed is built for two, and once held two bodies together. Though I could not love she would tell me what love was. She would tell me that what I did counted as love. Allowing people to push the bad off of their shoulders and onto mine. But she couldn't handle it in the end. No one could. I don't know if there is anyone like me. 

The doctors have a name for it. They have medications they claim make it better. 

Instead I have my box. 

I'm on my feet now, scrubbing my face in the mirror. Bloodshot eyes from crying so much yesterday, someone must have lost someone and was unable to cope with the feeling. So they gave them to me. 

Now the feelings were receeding, allowing for a momentary feeling of nothing. If I could hope, I would hope for this to stop. But I don't hope, or at least no one has given me hope yet. 

I stretch, scratch my shadowed chin and move towards the front door. I'll get dressed later, I'm just too tired now. Having all this pain is tiring. If I could care, I would care that people did not understand. But no one has given me care yet. 

I could end the loop but...
I've obligated myself not to. What a waste of such a gift. At least that's what she told me before she left. 

I open the front door and sigh, looking to the right. A small, black letter box hangs on the bricks. A slot in the top for the people that need it. I reach to open the lid and recoil in surprise. 

Why is my box hot?

I reach again, it's not too hot, and pull out a single letter. The envelope is cream with a black seal. I never have only one letter. Ripping open the top, my fingers lift the paper out and I cough at the sound.

Wait.

Wait.
 
That's not a cough. That was a laugh. I've heard them so many times. She used to laugh.

My heart is racing as I open the paper. One golden word. 

Happiness.

I laugh again. I jump down from the porch onto the smooth green grass. Oh the day, it was beautiful. 
Why am I crying? I shouldn't be crying. I am so happy. I look up and down the street, my chapped lips cracking at the sides from the smile so large on my face. A small girl is standing two houses down, seemingly alone. She's upset. I can see the tears. Why do I think they are meant for me?

I slowly walk towards her, past my gate and down the side walk. She's so pretty, even sad. I kneel in front of her and start crying again. I see a figure walk up behind the girl but ignore them, they don't matter now. I hold the paper out to her little fingers and smile, such a good feeling.

"We can share it."

She sniffles once and looks up at me, putting her hand on the paper too. A small smile emerges and my heart leaps. Is this love? It must be. The little girl wraps her arms around me neck in a hug.

"Ok Daddy."
