
Oops, seem to have stretched prompt a bit and focused a bit more on unearthing a long told lie. Pls don't delete 

Water. Everyone knows you need it to survive. Everyone knows the human body is 70% water. Everyone knows water is the key to life. Except everyone is wrong. Everything we've been taught about it is a lie. I push my papers to the side of my desk and check as the results on my desktop scan out. My heart's racing as I realize the truth. I sound like a crazy man. There's no way what I'm saying could have any inkling of truth to it. No way. My throats getting dry. I'm sweating. I run the test again. And again. And again. But the data remains the same. "No", I keep murmuring. "No, it can't be." My hands are so sweaty I can't even try to troubleshoot the machine. My lab is finished. There's no way I can release what I've happened on without being eliminated and erased from history by the masterminds of this hegemony. I have no choice but to keep quiet and let the world suffer for what I cannot mention. 

Water is a drug.
Highly addictive, given to us all after birth so we need it from square one and never realize the truth. 
"Mr. Hetooh, we're going to have to ask you to come with us."
The monstrosities behind this operation have found me. I guess the old security guard Dane is dead. I'd ask him about his wife every morning, and he'd always reply he didn't have a wife. Guess those early conversations have met their demise. And soon I will as well.  
I try to say something, but all that comes out is a croak. I want to protest, I want to tell them they're terrible, but I can't. I feel as if I'm the presence of a black hole. I cannot defy them. 
Who cares? I'm going to die anyway, might as well make my last few minutes interesting.

"See this? It-" my voice breaks and I muster it up again. "It's the only thing keeping me from releasing my research to the public. Listen to what I say and I won't end your schemes right fucking now." My voice cracks again, and I attempt to stay stoic and as resilient as I can in the face of peril.

"Stay calm, Hetooh. Don't make any rash decisions. Let's all just get out of here and clear our heads. Kabeesh?"

I release my research onto the internet, and as I press the button, a bullet torpedoes through my shoulder. Searing red hot pain.

"Warned you, Hetooh. Any last words?"
"Suck my Ass."
I see him pulling the trigger and laugh.
"What's the point now? You kill me and nothing changes! I've ruined your whole game! It's over, cuntweasel!" I sneer, attempting(quite miserably) to mask my pain and fear of what was to come. 
He stops. He looks at me with a mixture of amusement and woe.
"I didn't come here to kill you or stop your work from opening the peoples eyes, you imbecile! They know you're here now! And they'll force you to renounce what you said, and then they'll kill you!"
Fuck. I really messed things up, didn't I. At least I wasn't going to die right now. At least I've got that going for me. 
"I'm debating whether I should kill you so there's no chance they can make it look like you were lying, or let you live and risk that."
Scratch that. Chance of death remains in the high 90s.
Then I see him pulling the trigger. And my short life ends just like that.