Death stalked past the rows of fastidiously placed hour glasses, each one reflecting a gleam of bone and a flash of dark cloth. He slowed as he reached the hour glass he sought, the ground below his feet worn far more than the ground around it. "YOU AGAIN", he sighed wearily. "AND SO SOON", he muttered under his breath; although how he did this is a mystery, for he did not possess the facilities required to breathe. "BEST TO JUST GET THIS OVER WITH" he exclaimed to no one in particular. He had been doing this a lot recently.

--

Death appeared. He appeared in such a way that it was difficult to pinpoint the exact moment; in fact it was difficult to recall whether he hadn't always been there. Any other being may have reacted strongly to such an unusual event, but not Him. He was used to this. He expected this. He stayed lying down, He knew the drill by now, and as usual He greeted Death's presence with a non-committal grunt, as He reached sideways (for He was not vertical) to his back pocket where He kept the coin. This was the coin He had used every single time. The faces were worn in such a way that discerning which way up it was was a task worthy of an individual with a trained eye. Fortunately both Death and He had had a while in which to complete this training, although neither of them had any official certificates or medals for their effort.

"Why do we bother with this, when we both know the outcome?", He asked Death. He knew the answer already. This conversation had played out many times before, and it had gotten dull. There was only so much you could ask Death and get an answer, and often one did not want to hear the answer. "GET ON WITH IT", Death snarled, for it was a guttural sound. Death was bored. Death was angry.

So He flipped the coin. It hovered momentarily at the peak of it's trajectory, glinting softly in the street light, then was pulled forcefully back to Earth as Gravity did what it is wont to do. It hit the ground with a small thud, followed by a ringing sound as it span. Then it stopped. Death squinted, somehow, at the coin on the dark tarmac. "YOU ARE A VERY LUCKY MAN", it remarked, scathingly.

"I make my own luck", he remarked casually, slipping the coin back into it's usual resting place; a well practised movement. Death made to leave, turning wearily, as He started to get up. As Death departed He heard one last utterance, "UNTIL NEXT TIME, HARVEY".

--

My first writing prompt, feedback is of course welcomed!

Edits: Fixed Grammar and Sp.