"Rejoice!!!! For in one Fell Swoop, the Dark Lord has fallen!" Heroes. You're not supposed to be able to hear illuminated capitals no matter how bombastic the git unless you're at least a level six empath. Sure, I'm level two, and he could be just that much of a git, but I'm in no mood to be charitable.

"Fuck you." I growl between heaves, both arms crossed low over my stomach, kneeling on the floor in front of the throne, wispy silk wrapped around my body becoming stuck there by the growing puddle of gastric juices. Mostly gastric juices. I reall didn't want to think about the other components of the puddle.

"Whyfore thy dismay, Hapless Concubine? You are now Freed from the yoke of Cruel Tyrrany!"

 I risked turning my head enough to actually look at him. Gleaming chromed space suit, ridiculous fishbowl helmet, several different guns strapped to his body and one in his hand. "Data analyst, and amateur pharmacologist, actually. And I reiterate, fuck you."

He actually hesitated. "Then, why...?"

 "He killed for pleasure. He tortured for pleasure. He destroyed for pleasure. The only way to stop him, the only way to weaken his resolve enough to end the empire-and by the way, you're God damned welcome for persuading him he didn't need as large a military detachment in the palace-was to ply him with other pleasures. For years now, i've managed his foodhis entertainment, his drugs, balancing the highs and stringing him along so that he'd abdicate when offered the chance to just stay high. I ended the Atraxian genocide! I ended the Dellerian torture camps! And you...you!"

 "Killed him?"

 "The sensorium was finished! The banquet in three hours! His entire inner court ready to establish infrastructural and educational reforms within weeks! But that's still possible. Just sit down, shut up, and be a figurehead while we finish the conspiracy."

 "Then, why are you so angry?"

 "Tell me, hero. Do you know what comes out of a man's dick if you shoot him with an organ disruptor?"

 "No! Of course not."

 I faced the floor again, it was out, it was all out, but a thought was enough to begin the retching anew. I answered when I finally could, wiping my face on a fist. "In all the universe, the only thing I hate more than the Dark Lord is ignorance. And right now it is your fault I have reason to envy you yours."