'I lay face down on the cold, dark, ground of the alleyway, the thanksgiving killer standing above me, knife in hand, waiting  for me to move, for me to give one sign of life. What he didn't know was that although he had killed over 20 people in the thanksgiving attack last year, I was the one who attacked the hospitals, the schools, the homes. All in all, I had killed about 40 people. And here I was, scot free! But I guess I've gone a little too far ahead for you to understand what's going on. Lets go back in time to around 6 o clock. I had just gone out for dinner with some friends and I was feeling pretty bloodthirsty. I decided to go out and kill some homeless fucks that no one cared about. I scoured the streets for about four hours until I found this old guy who was begging for money, and eventually, his life. I stabbed him in the neck with my electric knife, left it there and turned on the switch. It was like an automatic decapitation. It wasn't as fun as going manual, but when it was late at night and I was tired I went automatic sometimes, because I always thought it was interesting how the head would always blink and the mouth would move slightly, like he's gasping for air. I never went for women. They never put up a good fight, and they produce more men for me to kill. It was once I had thrown the homeless piece of shit in a dumpster and got away to a street that I felt someones eyes at the back of my head. They were trained intently on me, and when I turned around I saw him walking quickly towards me. I feigned a look of fear and surprise and took off running down the street and turned right into an alleyway. This was the best night for random victims in months! Two victims in one night! Usually I only get one, but those are always the nights I don't plan my sprees. I took off down the alley trying not to laugh with glee. I pretended to get my foot stuck  while climbing a metal fence. I heard his quick and heavy footsteps running after me, and I knew this would be a good night. Hopefully this wasn't some fucking amateur trying to be a killer. I hoped this was an experienced murderer. Maybe he was even an assassin, feeling angry about a lost target and wanted a victim to take his anger out on! I hoped he would at least be a challenge. He grabbed my shirt and pulled me off the fence and threw me on the ground so forcefully I was actually a little bit winded. He then rolled me onto my back and crouched over me, and took a knife and pressed it against my throat. "Do you know who I am?" he asked me. I furiously shook my head, feigning the terrified face of my victims before I took their lives. The man laughed, spit flying into my face. "I'm the thanksgiving killer." He then punched me in the head and I fell unconscious for a few moments. When I came to, I knew not to move because he would probably be looking for a sign of life in me. I lay like this for about another 5 minutes, until I heard him sigh and stand up. I pretended to stir a little bit and get my hand closer to my pocket where I had my knife. I sensed him tense, but he didn't do anything else. So in one quick movement, I grabbed the knifes handle and stabbed him in the calf, taking him down to the ground. He began to scream and curse unintelligibly, as his knife hand flailed, trying to get a cut on me. He did get a deep cut on my cheek, but it's nothing I couldn't handle at home. I straddled him and grabbed his wrist and twisted it, making him drop the knife. I positioned my hand to be just above his eye, so any twitch in his head would immediately burst his eyeball. "So you think you're a big scary man, just because you killed twenty people? Think you can call yourself impressive just because the press gave you a shitty nickname? I've killed forty people and I don't need a nickname. I'm smart enough not to get caught so I'm smart enough to not need a fucking nickname from the fucking press. Get on my level, scrub." Then I plunged the knife into his eye. The screaming was horrific and beautiful at the same time. After that I presume someone heard the screaming and called you guys.

So then. Do you have more questions for me officer, or can I go to my cell now?'

EDIT: FIRST TIME POSTER TO THIS SUB