And here, a treat indeed, we have a truly wonderful specimen. In the Spring, when the summer months are just around the corner, the males will begin to *test* the situation by approaching a cohort of females. This male is no different than others in the area. He knows, that when he walks up to this female, that he has the chance now to make a good first impression. Then, if things go well, he has several weeks to get those summer abs that males strive for.

He begins his ritual the way all males do. He checks the bottom of his shoe, so as to ensure that there is no gum or adhesive on it. Any slip up, any delay, and the opportunity could be lost. To his relief, there is nothing.

Next, he performs a clever level adjustment. He grabs hold of his undergarment waistband, which is made from elastic bands that are starting to lose their elasticity. He shifts them downward. Then, he grabs the denim fibers of his Levis blue*jeans*. He yanks those upwards, with his hands at the belt. This ensures that the undergarments and the bluejeans are at the *exact* same height. Presentation is *every*thing.

He takes his first, courageous steps toward the mating ritual. His footfalls are light and quick. The female takes notice, the look on her face is one of surprise. The male senses that he must correct this eager approach. He combs through his hair, but forgets that he is wearing a hat. The hat *flies* off and lands behind him. Unshaken, he pretends not to notice.

"H-Hi, Karlie."

The male is so nervous, even the female can tell. The fact that she is not *alone* results in one of her fellow females making a derisive comment.

"Oh, look, it's *Char*lie."

The male is suddenly under peak scrutiny, not so much by the target female, but by her cohort. The female's decision depends on the reaction of the cohort. It is a *ruthless* test or fortitude and daring that the male must go through.

"Hey Claudia, I was actually talking to Karlie."

The male is bold. By ignoring one of the cohort, he puts himself at the risk of losing the target female's favor. It appears to have worked so far, because...

"Hey, Charlie. How's it going?"

The target female appears to approve of the male's coyness. This could work in his favor, but the stakes are high. The shy approach can be successful in the beginning, but it rarely works for long.

"It's going well. Hey, I was wondering if you might--"

As unfortunate as it is, the male has committed a fatal error with this particular courting. The most fruitful of mating rituals so quickly go awry, that he is but another male who will walk away from this encounter alone, frustrated, and looking at female breasts online. Although a natural occurrence, the passing of gas, in certain situations, can lead to disaster.

Males like Charlie rarely have to wait for long for another opportunity to try again. Perhaps, after the end of the Spring season and with a Summer bronze, Charlie and Karlie can engage once more.

