Thank god the electricity is covered under rent, because walking into his room is akin to walking into a globe of light.

Which is odd because i dont remember seeing anything in the mail about our rooms getting changed. The carpet that was there before vanished, and was replaced with a painfully bright white flooring. The walls in his room felt rather metallic compared to the traditional drywall of the rest of the apartment was made of, and had various tv screens seamlessly fixed into the walls. 

The ceiling and most of the walls were entangled in a mass of rubbery black vines that went... everywhere... though they seemed to focus around a massive tank in the corner that I’ve occasionally seen filled with water, but right now it was empty.

And if that tank is empty then Chad must be on the other side of this massive cylindrical pipe tucked into the center of the back wall, with tendrils of tube lines feeding in and out of it through the roof and through the floor. Behind that sat a desk with six monitors a fixed around a circular desk. The thin monitors, each wider than my torso were curved like the desk as well, and played some stunning blue-ray quality programs. Chad lets us use one for movie night in the living room. Literally 4D. 

On the desk, on top of a glass container with a big red button underneath was a white envelope with, supposedly my name written on in, but to me it only looked like sticks and rocks. He swears its an ancient language, I don’t even sweat it, because I know his part of this months rent is in it.

I grab the envelope and look at the words written in what looks like a black sharpie “do not touch.” It’s always there, and whenever Chad’s home I forget to ask what it does, he’s usually going on about his own problems anyway, I rarely get a word in. Always going on about “Calculations” this and “Harvesting” that, dudes got a tough job. I think he said it was military?

Leaving at 4a.m. to drive out to his base in the desert, and if he does come back within a day, its almost at the same time he left, but he tells me he likes his job so I don’t give him any sympathy for his rough days, he just has to adapt and grow stronger! 

I get myself dressed as I get ready to leave myself. Only thing Chad every really asks of me is one night he needs the apartment to himself, and agreeing to pay for my night in advance, I plan to drop off the rent to our landlord, then give Chad the space he needs to unwind. He says once a month or so he just needs a day to refresh himself, and that his suit gets stuffy wearing it all the time. Totally reasonable.
