Dear Goody Tompkin,

Thank you for your letter.  The weather here is still fine; I'd wager you have time to plant them before the snow comes.

As to your concerns about your Wednesday.  I find that the trick with dragons is this; you can't change their habits, you just have to make them work for you.

Take today for example. The moment I walked out of the store, Wednesday and Thursday appeared.  Weddie grabbed the groceries, Thurthur shoved a head between my ankles and bore me fridgewards.  I double-checked my to-do list on the short ride home.  Saturday opened the door, with minimal singing, and Monday thumped the fridge door open with her tail.  

They waited expectantly as I ignored them completely and went about my tasks.  When I had unpacked the shopping and put everything to rights, I went and sat in my chair.  Goody Hawthorne had emailed me to ask for my scalerot remedy, Goody Mayfair wanted me to check over her newest Monday, and Goody Laurel was mourning the loss of her Sunday and could use a kind ear.

The brood waited.  Tuesday set fire to a small ottoman.  Sunday flipped one of the waterbowls over it and looked at me apologetically.  

I left them be a little longer.  It wasn't feeding time yet, and  knows a witch can't let a few little things like dragons boss her around if she wants to get things done before sunset.

When I was done with my letters, done with my crossword, and done looking up some herbs I needed for later, I stopped ignoring the dragon head creeping subtly closer to my left foot.

"Ok girls; feeding time!"

I opened the fridge and took out an enormous can of Flaymee Chunks.  Trying not to breathe through my nose, I donned my flameproof suit, made my way to the scorched iron Dragonio outside and mounted a couple on each of the spikes.  I then retreated hastily.

Sunday got there first, as always, roasting her dinner before she'd even landed and conveniently shredding my pile of Letters, which people tend to be glad of sending while at the same time regretting it.  She'd be a fine one; good stock, good training.

Tuesday was next, almost headbutting the flaming spear before ripping at the rare chunks of dubiously-sourced meat.

I stopped watching then.  It's always a pleasure to watch my dragons eat their dinner, but there's always work to be done here.

Yours in flames,

Goody Birdkin.



(writer's note; I'm in maths mode tonight so forgive the awful grammar; I'll fix it on the re-write).