The constant whine of engines changed the pitch to much lower tones. The plane perceptibly listed forward. The speaker buzzed with transmission from the pilot's cabin.

"According to the impromptu plan, we're decreasing altitude in order to begin a visual search for a landing. Please remain in your seats. Persons by windows are requested to observe the terrain and report anything unusual to the flight attendant. In about five minutes you will be requested you to fasten your seatbelts."

I glued my face to the window.

Clouds. Clouds above, clouds below, scattered far and near as in multiple layers broken into large puffs. Excellent visibility between them. Same as over past four hours.

The flight attendant changed the compress on the passenger's face across the aisle. Eh, the revolt was pretty short because nobody knew whom to fight and eventually we came to a consensus. Having a good team of sober-minded engineers on their way to a conference in Seoul helped.

The speaker buzzed. Captain's voice, still calm. 

"As per prior agreement to share all we observe. Despite most obviously descending, I'm not seeing any change on the barometric altimeter. Radar altimeter remains as deaf as before. If nothing changes over the next five minutes, I will increase descent rate. If you have any property that could fall over or roll away, please secure it."

"Some sci-fi shit. Called it." the man behind me muttered.

We passed another layer of clouds on our way down. Yet another layer of clouds came into view below. The pitch of the engines dropped some more. The plane tilted forward some more. I stayed glued to the window for a good while.

"Hey," a woman from the middle shouted, "Won't we crash at this rate?"

The captain did hear her, the pilot cabin door left open. The speaker buzzed again. "No worries. I have windows in here too. I have at least three miles of visibility ahead and down. Plenty of time to pull up when we see the ground."

"If we see the ground," sounded a mutter from behind me.

"Captain," somebody leaned into the aisle, just barely raising his voice. "Following your hunch and experience, plus current descent rate, how high are we now?"

"We should be passing the bottom of the Mariana Trench soon. We cruised at 5000 meters, then we've been dropping at about a kilometer per minute for five minutes. I increased the descent rate to two kilometers per minute five minutes ago. That puts us at negative ten thousand."

The man put his hands to his head. Somebody else began praying.

"Mom! There!" a kid on the other side of the plane shouted, pointing through the window. The flight attendant dashed there. "Miss, look!"

"Captain, eight o'clock! Below us!" 

The engines spun up. The plane leaned left and we entered a turn that definitely gave us an increased g-level. For a minute or so I could hear astonished shouts from across the aisle. Then the plane steadied its flight.

With a ding, the light below the sign "Fasten seatbelts" rang. "Ladies and gentlemen," the captain's voice was unusually cocky, "Please fasten your seatbelts. In about ten minutes we will be arriving at a miraculous floating crystal city. Thank you for flying with Caralair!"