"I guess that answers when life begins..."

I'm seated on a stool. Of course it's a stool. One of those short, old, 3-legged stools with a nasty faux-leather top that holds the worn out, always-too-little stuffing in place and smells like you'll never get cat scent out. And it's where I have to sit. Watching TV, playing my life from beginning to end. Hell is, if nothing else, all about the details. 

For all their details, though, Hell doesn't exactly have a print out of the 'rules'. The guy who sent me here was probably being punished as well; his own personal hell being to explain to all the new people what's going on. So I got a very helpful 'your sentence is This Is Your Life, where you have to watch from beginning to end. Don't look away, or it starts all over.'  I tried to ask questions, but I got a curt 'room 932,732,443' and he was on to... something else. Might have been ignoring me. Maybe it was both. This is Hell, which apparently includes Lewy Body Disease levels of insecurity and paranoia. 

I've restarted now, three times. He didn't lie, that's for certain. First time? Almost immediately. Life truly begins at conception. And I got to watch it. They tell you that you're watching your whole life, but fucking hell: perspective matters. I saw egg and sperm, and it was boring, but THEN they go to some wonderful outside shot! Yay, apparently drunken doggy style is totally what god had in mind. I couldn't help it; I flinched. That's a sight I didn't want. But that's apparently a choice I no longer have. Gotta watch. Can't look away. 

Took two tries to learn that. Goddamnit. Literally. 

The best part? I get to hear what my parents sound like during sex. The better best part? I get to hear what they think about it, too. Long story gracefully short? My Dad's a bit of a dickhead. 

I got to watch the whole pregnancy. Not having any children, it was quite informative, actually. Did you know swelling is a problem? Well holy shit is it a problem. Feet, hands, belly, emotions... everything gets pointlessly bigger. I'm kinda glad I didn't put anyone through that. 

I nearly looked away during birth but I forced myself through. Forced myself both watching and, quite actually, during. Going in my Mom's vagina and coming out of it were very different levels of uncomfortable. And got to hear how cute and smart and successful everyone thought I was going to be! And I also got to hear what they all said to each other, despite what they thought! People are a lot nicer when they're talking, as opposed to when they're thinking...

The third time I looked away? When I first used the internet. Yeah, I know. Surprised me too. I had been watching for 15 years of my life now, and I got into a groove. I don't know how long it took to watch that much, mind you. I restarted twice already, and they play it from many angles, so it takes WAYYYY longer than a year to watch 'a year'. And finally, it's 1995. The internet exists. We all learned about these AOL disks, and we're getting online for free! As long as no one tried to, you know, pick up the phone or call in. And it all flooded back. But I had something I didn't have then: the power of hindsight. I'm looking for a cell phone, or really ANYTHING to stop that constant annoying 'ping ping ping, sctchhhhhh, beepoooo beepooooo beepoooo ANCGH ANCGH ANCH' sound, but that was all we had. So when it logged off JUST as I had sat through 6 minutes of watch an image appear pixel by pixel to ALMOST reveal that pin-up's right breast... i couldn't help it! I smacked myself in the head, closed my eyes, and opened them to find IT STARTED BACK AT THE BEGINNING. So when that restarted I was PISSED. 

.........

I've gotten to the point where I first had sex. I learned two things: your favorite sexual positions may not be hereditary, but the apple doesn't fall far. AND... I'm a bit of a dickhead. Bring on year 20...