My car slowly crawled across the desert road. The stars above burnt with a beautiful shine in the clear sky. I felt a cool breeze that swept through my hair as I spotted something glimmering as bright as the stars. I must have had too much drink as my head slowly began to get heavy and my sight grew darker than the night.

I woke up in the desert, next to a beautiful building, an oasis in the desert. A bell rang as I got up and laid eyes upon a beautiful woman. She was dressed in a pitch black dress with golden jewelry adorning her arms and a smile upon her stunning face.

I thought to myself that this could be heaven, or it could be hell. She led me through a corridor, the only light coming from the lone candle she carried. I could have sworn I heard voices echoing through the air and although I could not hear the words exactly, it sounded like a welcome.

\\The place was lovely, the palm trees that grew by the pool slowly shook in the breeze, the night sky was as wonderful as a painting by some masterful artist, and the smell of delicious food wafted through the air. The woman showed me to a large and splendidly decorated room. The bed sheets were crisp and white, the night stand was made of mahogany and on top of it sat a vase of blue glass that held strange and exotic flowers that smelled of vanilla and cinnamon.

I stepped out into the courtyard and watched the spectacle. People of all ages and races danced in the courtyard, some wore colonial era clothes, others wore modern attire. I ordered wine from one of the bartenders but he just smiled and said "We haven't had that spirit here since 1969". I could still hear those voices calling from the distance, singing their songs across the desert landscape.

I ordered a different drink and went off to explore the rest of the wonderful hotel. Things got stranger, I noticed the roof was covered in mirrors for no apparent reason. Minutes after I reached my room the woman from before knocked on the door and told me there was a feast. I nodded and said I would be there. To my surprise the dresser contained perfectly sized clothing in my usual style. 

I reached a door with the label of Master's chamber and I stepped in, as it was where the woman told me to go. In the chamber the people who i had seen dancing had gathered for the feast. They were stabbing something with their knives but they could not kill the beast. The people at the table were screaming as the monstrosity tore them apart, a few look resigned to their fate as if they had faced this many times before. Last thing I remembered is me running through the hall, the previously beautiful walls now looked like sun bleached bone, I vomited as I realized my clothing was made of some type of hair. The drink I had been drinking had turned into blood with bits of tissue floating in it, or perhaps it had been that from the start.

I reached a man in a grand uniform and a face that looked perfect. It looked as if he was a statue, every feature was perfectly shaped except his eyes which resembled plastic bags filled with muck taken out of a sewer. He told me I could not leave the hotel so I took off running once again. The halls formed a labyrinth that I could not escape. I eventually burst out into the courtyard and looked around, it was empty except for the beautiful woman. She stepped towards me with a happy smile on her face.

Her pitch black hair blew in the breeze as she closed the distance, her eyes now having the look of a predatory animal like a wolf or a lioness. The last thing I heard was a chorus that echoed across the barren land "Welcome to the Hotel California..."