Theme Music: to U by Jack U


The phone clicked dead; Amy’s final words echoed in Sebastian’s mind like the ripples from a water drop. She had every right to want to end things – his disappearances, while random were a constant sore spot between them. What was he up to? Why couldn’t he talk about it? And why did it always happen when his ex was having trouble in her relationship? It drove Sebastian to frustration each time. Even now, he struggled to maintain his composure. Why the fuck did it have to happen to him? 


It was a fucking curse. It had to be. When Sebastian was 15, he had promised his then girlfriend Lucy that he would always be there for her if she needed him which she reciprocated. It was a stupid promise, but then it felt right. They were young and in love in the only way that young lovers could be, promising each other the world. But it didn’t last, it never could at that age. But somehow, someone had heard them and noted.  


The first time it happened was when he was 21. They had both long since moved on, Sebastian to a string of casual lovers and Lucy to her first serious boyfriend. They had apparently been dating for two years when Lucy was contacted by a stranger. Apparently her boyfriend had broken up with her out of the blue via text, leaving Lucy heartbroken. He had been cooking dinner at the time when there was a flash and suddenly he was standing before Lucy who was laying on her bed crying. He had held her hand all night then slipped out in the morning when she finally feel asleep and walked two hours to get back home. 


He thought it was weird but considered it a one off, some bizarre phenomenon. But it happened again, almost two years later, this time to him. He had been going through a rough time, getting strung alone by a girl who he thought felt the same about him. When he finally worked up the nerve to confront her about it she laughed him off then disappeared the next day. After half a bottle of scotch he finally broke down, tears erupting from eyes like a fountain. Yet before they had managed to reach his chin she was there, bringing him into her arms and whispering sympathy in his ear. She was gone by morning too, a ghost from a past he wasn’t sure he wanted to be a part of. From there it went downhill, the occurrences happening more and more frequently, appearing in front of the other during moments of sadness or need.  


It took a toll on the both of them, each time a highly charged emotional moment where the other was a sudden intruder. Almost a year ago Lucy had enough. She started screaming when he appeared; that her grief was her own and not for him, and if he could just please leave her alone. He had left the house in a black cloud; it wasn’t his choice, he didn’t want this, this burden. He had heard later that she had moved across the States to LA, as if somehow the distance could prevent the occurrences from happening.  


And for a while he thought it did. He met Amy and felt the pull that finally, he had met someone he could love. The visitations to Lucy no longer happened and he let his guard down. For almost three years, he felt like he was free. But little over a month ago, it started happening again. One moment he was jogging with his dog then flash and he’s suddenly standing in front of Lucy in the middle of what looked like her living room. She was teary-eyed and upon meeting his eyes only shook her head and looked out the window. Wrapping her arms around herself, she said she was ok. She was married now, and just had an argument with her husband so if Sebastian could please leave before he got back. He practically ran out of the house, catching a taxi to the nearest airport. He managed to get back home two days later. Amy was frantic, but he pleaded a work emergency and she let it go. 


But the curse couldn’t, wouldn’t let go. Within the next two months he was back there at least once every two weeks. Each time it was the same but as time went on, he started to notice differences. She would be more wary, her eyes more pained each time. Then the bruises started appearing; minor ones at first but when one appeared on the left side of her face he knew. He pleaded with her, begged her to get some help. When he finally left it seemed like she might actually do it. 


But when Sebastian got home, he found Amy waiting in his apartment. She demanded to know where he had been – they were supposed to have dinner together. She called him at work and when they didn’t know where he was she called him on his phone at least a dozen times. He tried his best to calm her down but she was hysterical. Was he cheating on her? Was he unhappy? A lump appeared in Sebastian’s throat; he fought to hold back tears. How could he explain what was happening to him? He showed her the ticket, explained Lucy’s situation – how her husband was beating her, how he had been flying up there to try to get her to leave him. He had totally forgot to call but no he wasn’t still interested in her, they were just kids when they dated. She didn’t totally believe him, but she could feel his sincerity. When her tone changed, all he could feel was relief. Relief and gratitude. His promise was out of his lips before the question had even formed in hers. 


And that night, he prayed to whatever god was out there, that this was the final time.


Sebastian was in the bathroom when it happened; he had gone for two weeks without incident and Amy was finally starting to forgive him. It made him ecstatic that she was starting to trust him again and he felt like celebrating. Dinner had gone well and he was washing his hands when white light suddenly blinded him. He found himself outside of Lucy’s house facing a slightly ajar front door. He panicked right away; he had taken to leaving his phone in plain view to show he wasn’t hiding anything. Now it sat on the table, along with Amy waiting for him to return from the bathroom. A wave of despair hit him and he bleakly wondered how he was going to explain this to Amy. When he glanced at Lucy’s front door wondering why he would appear on the street, he noticed the door frame was cracked.
	

He came through the broken front door in a stiff walk and found Lucy on her knees in the living room, a handful of her hair in his husband’s fist. The husband was shouting at her, his voice raised in fury along with his other hand. Sebastian didn’t even hear what he was saying as the last three months coalesced into that moment. All the frustration and anger flooded his mind like a tidal wave and snapped his willpower like a twig. Sebastian grabbed the husband by his raised arm and spun him around. Looking surprised, Sebastian obliged him by knocking him clean over with a punch to the face. Releasing Lucy’s hair the husband when down, blood pouring from his nose. What happened next was a blur – he remembered watching himself like he was a stranger standing in the room. He climbed on top of the husband and began raining blows down on him, screaming why could the husband just leave Lucy alone, why could he keep his fists to himself, and why did he fucking have to always drag Sebastian into this. 


At this point, Lucy hauled him off, Sebastian still spitting curses and profanities at the barely conscious figure on the ground. Lucy dragged him outside and calmed him down. Yes, she was ok; yes she would call the police. 


A cab ride later and the rage was gone. It was midnight at the airport and he tried for the tenth time to call Amy’s cellphone from a payphone in the waiting area. When she finally picked up, he almost broke down. He started stammering, simultaneously thanking, pleading and begging but she silenced him with a single word. She spoke calmly but it was obvious that she had been crying. It was over. 


When she hung up, the tears he had been struggling to hold back finally came to life. Turning around, he found Lucy, her face slightly swollen with tears and bruises as he knew she would be. She looked tired and scared, but she took one look at his face and without a word stepped forward and embraced him. Tears started streaming down his cheek as he hugged her back. At least this was something that they both knew would never change.   

