"I don't make deals with children." I was about to leave, but froze, as the bellowing of a true monster reached us both, in that dark, little room. One of the very helpful abilities of my kind, but equally tiresome, is the ability to see all sin. Every evil a human has committed, rushes to us and invades our minds, the instant they come before us. And this man, the source of those heinous noises coming ever closer, was a cesspool of it. There was plenty to choose from, you name it, it was present in this horrendous creature. But one was echoing louder than the rest, at this current moment. It was the one he was about to commit again. With glee. I looked down at the little girl, who stared back, in sheer terror. But not of me. Of him. I took but a moment of thought, before I smiled at her, "I've changed my mind little one." Her eyes widened. "What do you wish to offer up? It must be of great value you know." I don't know.. I don't have much.." She paused, and looked down at the teddy bear she was clutching hard in her hands. It had definitely seen better days, all old and full if holes. "My teddy.. He's the only thing I have.. But.." Her eyes filled with tears. It was clear that the dirty stuffed animal, was her only friend, her only comfort in the personal hell-hole she found herself in, with this monster of a man. I smiled again. "Don't worry. I don't want your Teddy." "Really?" She lit up. "Yes." I smiled again, to comfort her. "Then what do you want?" She asked cautiously. Just then, the door to the dusty basement flew open. "Lily!!" It bellowed. I could see her stop breathing in fear he might hear her. I could tell she wanted desperately to hide, but was too paralysed to move. The creature made it's way down the steps, only to stop, in confusion, as he saw me standing there. "Wait.. Who are you!? What the hell! are you..." I waved my hand, and he froze in place. I turned to her again. "Is he.. Is he." "He's fine. Just frozen in time is all." "Oh." Disappointment clear in her little voice. "How long will he be like that?" "Only a moment." "Oh." More disappointment. "Now, may I make a suggestion?" I asked tenderly. She turned her head away from her frozen monster, to face me again. "I need a soul you see. It's what I make my deals for." Her eyes widened in fear. "You want my soul?" This made me laugh. It was just too precious. "No no, my dear little one, your soul is far too pure. I like my souls with a few blemishes."  She looked at her father and understood. "You want souls like his." She stated it as a matter of fact. "Yes, may I?" She looked perplexed. "You can take his soul, if you're making a deal with me?? But how?" "I think we both know, that the amount of your soul, he has stolen for his own pleasure, it all cancels itself out." I looked at her empathetically. "Yes." Her voice was without doubt as she said it. And with another wave of my hand, the creature fell to the ground, lifeless, his soul in my pocket. 