With a sudden start I awoke in my armchair, opening my eyes a rush of colour surrounded me, a rainbow compared to the blackness in which I had fallen. The pain in my chest and arm were gone, I took deep breaths feeling strong lungs taking in more air than they had in years. “HaHa! I knew that doctor was wrong a diet was a waste of time, I’ve never felt so alive” I hollered aloud relieved that the fall and montage of hospital images had been a dream. Reaching for the pack of cigarettes on my side table I gasped in surprise to hit a lamp instead, knocking it to the ground. I didn’t have a lamp there, and certainly not that lamp, I haven’t seen one like it since my parents lived here. Looking around I saw my living room but not mine, at least not in a long time. Family portraits long taken down were back in their pride of place, the ghastly floral pattern curtains my dog, Bentley, had torn apart when I was Fourteen were hanging again, my Flat screen TV had been replaced by a thick box television showing a grainy image of the Carpenters performing in their prime. Looking down even my armchair looked fresher, stains and rips present from decades of use were gone, clean as when my father had first bought it for himself. 

Arising from my seat, anger at whoever had broken into my house and done this was outweighed by my confusion, no one else had access to my keys, I was always careful to lock up before I left for work. Aside from that who even would do this, no one at the factory knew me well enough, it was exactly as I remembered even down to the details like the frayed corner of carpet by the window, the marks on the doorframe showing my height, long painted over, looked fresh. Wait…the marks stopped at eight and my mum hadn’t stopped that tradition like all the rest until I was ten and my brother was four. 

I heard a small hint of movement from behind me, turning around at the sound I saw sat on the floor a small boy, his eyes fixed on Karen Carpenter's face and with the unmistakably horrid bowl cut I’d sported thanks to my mother’s attempt to save on spending. 

Fear gripped me and without a word I hurried to the door swinging it open and stepping through into the hall, but the hall was not there, instead I was back in the living room facing again the slender boy sat in front of the television softly humming to Top of the World. Panic overtook me as I turned once more to leave through the open door only to find with a twist of my stomach I was again on the same spot. I rushed to the windows casting aside the floral curtains I’d been so happy to see go and pulled at the windows they covered but found they would not move an inch. 

“You’re just wasting your time Jeffrey” 

Releasing my grip on the final window I turned to face the speaker, the boy, now turned towards me, watching with a look of indifferent interest, like I was a slightly dull exhibit at the zoo. “How did I get here” I demanded. 

“I’d think that much was obvious, surely you remember? You died Jeffrey.” My look of shock prompted the child to continue “You can’t live on nothing but frozen dinners and double cheeseburger lunches for two decades and expect to see past fifty” a hint of condescension slipping into his tone. Guiltily my thoughts drifted back to Doctor Rajesh who had lectured almost the exact same thing some eighteen months ago, the lesson had not stuck with me.

“Well” I scoffed “what does that make this then? You aren’t going to tell me Heaven is being trapped in your old front room for eternity are you? Whilst it’s a bit unorthodox it could be a weak hell” My eyes drifting to the portrait of my father and my mind drifting back to a strained relationship before quickly moving on to my next question. “And what exactly are you supposed to be?” I demanded with fresh anger. 

“No Jeffrey this is not Heaven, believe me you would know it if you saw it, think of this as more of a jumping off point, the waiting room if you would or Purgatory if you are more up to date on your Sunday school teachings” He paused and seemed to think over his next words before continuing “As for who I am, well that’s simple Jeffrey, I am you” 

“Ok I’m in purgatory, unbaptised babies and all that shit, sure I wasn’t very religious, that I can understand, why am I talking to you?” 

“Hundreds of thousands die every day Jeffrey did you really believe a bearded man judges them each individually at the pearly gates? No. Instead they are judged by those who most deserve to, the one they hurt the most, as you can gather this is a more…unique case, but the same rules apply. As for my age, I am you on the first day you made a decision that hurt you. Today after school you turned right on your way home, if you had turned left you would have met Melissa” 

A lump formed in my throat “What do you mean, who is Melissa?” 

“She could have been the woman you married, the two of you would have grown up together, becoming adults together, caring for one another you would bring out the best in her and she would bring out the best in you until she would become the mother to a family you’d raise in happiness” as he spoke he stepped towards me an arm raised to reach for me, taking my hand. As our skin touched there was a spark and memories began flashing before my eyes of the life he described, a happier one. A smile and a hand reaching for me in a park, a woman and I dancing in our new home, her in a white dress waiting at the end of the aisle. I lived each one remembering them happening then with a wrenching rip they were gone replaced by the cold reality. 

Falling to my knees I glared at the child “What was that?! You’d show me that and take it away, I’m being judged for not taking a damn left turn? Why would you be so cruel?” 

“Relax Jeffrey that was only the first mistake there were more many of them, for example ditching Mrs Pepper’s French class to go to the arcade” Again the hand reached for me casting visions of me falling in love with the French language, leaving for a life in Nice, meeting a woman at a market, a dog and children playing by the fireplace. The pictures flashed in a rapid montage, a different life I could have led then with a sudden flash they were gone. 

I drew away from the child but he followed rattling of random moments of my life and reaching for me casting pictures through my mind “Going to NYU rather than working at home, bullying your neighbour Richard, passing up on that promotion, missing your Father’s funeral” pictures flew into my mind of more experiences than I could count, , opening my own business with pride, friends lost I’d never known, a childhood friendship that could have been even more, comforting a Mother I hadn’t seen in years. It never seemed to stop, millions of mistakes were analysed and revealed to me and all semblance of time seemed stripped from my mind. 

After what could have been minutes or years I was released. Reeling in pain I clambered away from the child who seemed to grow in stature with each new experienced forced upon me, the shadows of the room pulling in around us as he grew closer. I attempted to avoid his grasp but found myself rooted in place as he reached for me with anger in his eyes for the final mistake I’d known was coming.  

He covered my eyes with his tiny hand and whispered “Letting Jimmy go swimming alone” a flash and I was in a field holding my little brother on my shoulders, a flash and I was teaching him to ride a bike another and I was stood with him as we watched my new born niece sleep. Faster and faster the depictions of a brother I’d only known until he was four growing into a man before my eyes came, a bond with someone stronger than any I’d felt in real life or in the visions took hold in my heart and tears filled my eyes until after what felt like an eternity they stopped. 

For some time after his hand had been taken from me I remained lying on the carpet. Picking myself up from the floor I wiped the tears from my eyes to see the younger me sat in our father’s chair. A disapproving look upon his face. “I may have told a small lie of omission before Jeffrey for you see this place does not remain purgatory for long, no as you and countless other souls discover sooner or later it becomes hell if you cannot leave. Forced to live what could have been over and over forever with me” 

The reality of his words sunk in and I fell once more to the floor in front of him “Is this it then?” I cried hanging my head “I can’t change the past but I didn’t live a bad life on purpose, I only did what I thought was right at the time” taking a deep breath I had realised the truth “I wasn’t a good man I don’t deserve Heaven” resolution to my fate set in and I saw the devil child raise his hand once more.

“You’re right you don’t deserve heaven Jeffrey.” A single finger touched my forehead 
“But everyone deserves a second chance”


I was stood on my path home from school, I could remember knowing something important but I couldn't seem to remember what, thinking on it was like grasping for fog, the more I thought on it the more of it seemed to disappear. Putting it from my mind I set off down my road until I reached the intersection. Humming Top of the World I looked right and left, the short and the long routes home respectively. Something small seemed to niggle at my mind.

I turned left. 

