THE UNKNOWN GENOCIDE

World War 2 has ended. Hitler and he wife committed suicide in their fortified Bunker as the Russians neared closer. But he his legacy of horror has lived on in history throughout the years.

In 2122, Time Travel is eventually achieved by a group of men trying to create a gravity device that would simulated gravity on spaceships to make long-distance travel on spaceships easier on the body. The Mars missions in the 2030s-40s proved that astronauts that returned from long travels in space severely debilitated their bodies in the years following mission.

Since the accidental discovery, time travelers have been trying to kill Hitler by going to specific points in history. The travelers return to their history, but notice that Hitler never died... even with the evidence of his killing was presented. The first such traveler never made it back from his mission, and it was often theorized that he was lost in time, killed where he appeared, or there was some malfunction.

Keith Jetts was the latest time traveler to test why the killing of Hitler was successful, yet didn't change history.

Jetts travels back multiple times and kills Hitler from varying points in Hitler's life. Jetts even went back to the time of when Hitler was a baby and killed him in his crib.

A glitch in the timeline discovers that Hitler has captured the first time traveler that went through and discovered how to trick the timeline into thinking that then men that went through have been successful, but are really killed by Hitler at any point the traveler arrives... even when Hitler is a baby. The glitch that Hitler has created is that the traveler returned to the future with evidence and a story about how they did it... but in reality, the traveler was killed and and alternate version of himself was sent back.

Jetts recalls of thousands of travelers going back and trying to kill Hitler and they all returned... but they were really all killed with a glitch. Thousands of time travelers were killed without anyone knowing of the genocide of the time travelers. Before Jetts knows it, he returns to his future with evidence of him killing Hitler and not remembering what he and probably thousands of other travelers figured out.

Hitler lives on in history, and a genocide that history will never know about continues.