
When it happened, it happened fast. The first war was caused by the Lytherians. The Terrans just seemed to react, and that is what saved them or, so we thought. Their militaries, and I do mean multiple militaries each reacted independently of each other and removed the first assault teams from their planet. Did I mention that this was their only planet at the time of first contact? Well it was. The details of how they did that are still muddied but some sort of unprecedented attack, took out the assault teams leadership and the Terrans took advantage of that confusion.   
That defense bought them time. They did not have the time to crack the FTL technologies or even the theories, but it did buy them some time. The Lytherian conquest went to regroup, and the humans built. 
When the second assault force made it to the sol system, it was in the process of being fortified. It was being fortified without the Terran’s direct control. They had set up robots to build more robots and more the defenses. They did not think of the possible consequences. The assault force destroyed the majority of the outer layers of defense and the self-replicating defensive robots. But that still bought them time, and by the time they got into the inner system, the Terrans had three other attacks ready. The first was laughable even now. They tried to use a “solar death ray” by focusing the light of the sun using mirrors and magnifying glasses. With the Lytherian’s plasma shields it barely heated the defensive plasma up a degree or two. Even our civilian mining vessel lasers produce more power than that failed weapon did.  
The second weapon they utilized was much more effective, they just strapped or built ship engines onto untold numbers of the loose rocks in their asteroid belts and when the enemy attacked the solar system’s debris was turned into weapons.  It has also caused their system to be the most hazardous to traverse as there are many large objects travelling in undocumented trajectories.  
The other major endeavor they under took during the brief reprise of the Lytherian conquest was the building of multiple space habitats that were bristling with their conventional and tactical weapons. Which once the assault force was in range, these space habitats let loose with enough weapons to overwhelm the Lytherian Conquest’s defensive systems.   
That second attack being thwarted is what caused our government to approach the humans with offers of alliance as we had been able to beat the conquest only when we had significant edge. It was after the alliance was set that we saw they took these chances all the time. New companies offering wholly new concepts would pop up overnight, with the majority of them failing within months.  Then others would follow with the same or different ideas, and again either succeed or fail. Sometimes those who were using the tried and true method of new companies that were succeeding beyond anything you would think, failed, and other ideas that had failed before and obviously should not be tried again, somehow managed to work and work well.  
I am not sure what they will do next, but I am fearfully curious to see what it is. 