"I knew I was dying, I just wanted to say goodbye," I sighed.  
The Reapers hollow sockets bore into me, his silent gaze felt... calming, almost. Gradually, the Grim Reaper began to turn away, as some voice in my head told me to follow. Though as I tried, the Reaper remained mute, no mattered how much I pestered the hooded man, the two of us gradually began making our way into a pale blue sky. 
"Why do you carry a Scythe?" 
The Reaper stopped and stared. Glancing down to me, the black figure adjusted his grip on his blade. Nevertheless, the Reaper was a sight to behold, especially when his bony face was scanning every inch of my body. Well over 8 feet tall, the man wore tattered black cloth, crudely sown into a cowl and robes. The Reaper's Scythe was equally as impressive, the pole looked to be ancient, likely white oak, brandishing a long, shiny blade at the head. 
"I must say, your get-up is rather impressive," I complimented, giving the figure a thumbs up.
The Reaper glared back at my slim frame and thrust the butt of his Scythe into my ribs. Yelping at the mans sudden prodding, the Reaper pointed a skeletal finger farther into the sky, not a word said. 

  As we climbed higher into the sky, the Earths atmosphere was soon left behind. Gradually I realized the Moon was getting shockingly close. Feeling the Reaper's bony hand fall onto my shoulder, we gently flew down to the surface of the moon. Hours passed, still we continued our lunar stroll. I looked back, noticing our lack of footprints, my mouth opened to ask the Reaper again, but I decided to leave the skeleton to his silence. Eventually the Reaper stopped and grasped his scythe with both cold hands. Gently, the man dug his blade into the moon's surface, dragging it along until an ornate circle had been formed. The voice in my head returned, suggesting I stand inside the newly dug circle. The man followed suit, and took to the middle of the ritual-like shape. As the Reaper's scythe touched the ground, we were soon bent across space and time. Stars became lines, the empty nothingness of space swirling around us. 
  Touching down in god knows where, the two of us found ourselves amidst something that seemed out of place. The surface of whatever planet we had been transported to was barren, aside from a glowing light on the horizon. Shadows with seemingly physical form littered the surface, which I now realized were heading straight for me. The Reaper suddenly dashed forward, grabbing me by the forearm and dragging me onwards. As the shadows grew closer the long Scythe swung out at the figures, shrinking away from the blade as it came into contact. The Light grew nearer as the shadows hid themselves from the brightness. Now I found myself inches away from the light, it was roughly 12 feet high, equally sized in width. Unable to see inside, I looked at the shadows that were now shapelessly crossing the horizon. Hearing the Reaper walk forward, I felt a sudden coldness around me, something filling my right hand. I swiveled  around to face the light, only to look down at... myself. It wasn't a mirror, I could see every inch of me perfectly replicated. I looked around, the Reaper was nowhere to be found. Looking down I saw my clothes had decayed to form coal-black robes, acquainted by my hands, devoid of all skin, muscle and tissue. The long Scythe now rested in my grasp. I wanted to scream. Try as I did no sound came out, looking down at myself once more I caught a glance as the light closed into nothingness. Myself, smirking lightly, holding my thumb high into the air. 

WOW that took me longer than I thought it would. I know I focused less on the reason the Reaper has his Scythe, but my mind had more ideas in store, so oh well. Hopefully you enjoyed the story, thanks for reading! (This was my first story on this subreddit, yay me!)