It was too easy. A wave of the hand and my work was done. Jewel heists, bank robberies, sometimes a contract on someones head here or there. It was easy money, but my oh my was it boring. There are days where I'd rather be behind a desk, but I know I'd be bored there too.  
The clock strikes two and I pull my mask over my face. I used a different mask each time to hide my identity. My power works best when there's surprise. If a hero shows up, or just happens to be there, as is the case on occasion, I need the upper hand.  
I walk inside and approach the teller. "Excuse me? This is a robbery. I'd like you to open the vault for me and then lie down on the floor, please." It cost nothing to be polite. One of the few things that are free. Of course, my manners are always followed by confusion.  
"Pardon?" Asked the bewildered woman. "Did you say-"  
"Why yes I did. Super villian, Evil do-er, etcetera, etcetera." I raise my open hand and face it towards her. "Now about that vault."  
She seemed to catch on quickly, as soon as she realized what was happening she scrambled for the keys.  
"Ah, ah, ah. Hands away from that button. This isn't my first rodeo, darlin'."  
She put her hands in the air and walked towards the vault, which, unfortunately, was being guarded by armed personnel. Looks like I was going to have an example. He was an older gentleman, probably eligible to retire about three decades ago. As we approach he licked his lips and said, "Sorry sir. Vaults closed. You can rob us again at a later date."  
I wasn't sure if it was an attempt at humor, or genuine senility, but he was in the way.  
"Sorry old man, just businesses." I waved my hand jn front of his eyes and he collapsed. He should regain consciousness in about-  
"Ugh. You *really* shouldn't have done that. But thank you by the way."  
What?  
"My back pain isn't a problem when I can just hover."  
I turned around, not caring that this was impossible, only that I wipe him again.  
"Not gonna work, kid."  
His eyes were closed. Shit. Well, if he couldn't see me I could just- why can't I move?  
"I can tell you're confused. I feel you struggling. See, I've fought you before. And you did the exact same thing you just did. Thanks for reversing that by the way, my brains been in a jar ever since. Now, for my monologue, fuck you. Please die."

"Wow, thanks for that." I said breathlessly. I couldn't imagine what would have happened if he'd... Done whatever that was to me. "Uh, what was that by the way?"  
"Oh, of course. How rude of me. See, he has the power to erase memory, which is enough to put anyone out of commission. You take away 30 years of recent memory, all you're left with is old memories. The degraded ones. The ones that have been in storage collecting dust. What I'm sure he didn't know, is that when he erased those memories, he not erasing, *or* storing them. He's putting them in stasis. The ones he just inadvertently restored are as pristine as they were when we met six years ago."  
"Huh. Interesting. So you weren't senile?"  
"Oh, of course I was. But I got better."  
"O-ok. So what's your power?" I asked out of curiosity. Was he a super smart telepath? Did he fry his brain, causing him to collapse? 
"Water."  
"Water?"  
Water." He affirmed.  
"How did-"  
"Ma'am. Do you realize how much water is in the human brain? A lot. So I just moved some of it about three inches to the left. To answer your next question, I am hovering because I'm using the water in the air to lift me. Complicated process as I have to make a sort of support arm to the ground out of particles. Hard to explain. Besides, the police are here. Care to let them know I'm not the villain before they tackle me? These old bones can't take it.