It was fun at first; a hand shake here, a bow there, the occasional cultural faux pas due to the generation gap for the history books.

 It's been about 3 weeks since that day at work, covering the lobby for a coworker at the restaurant so he can visit his family in Texas. This guy in a shiny track suit walks in while I'm cleaning out a booth. He looks around for something but I pay it no mind, people meet up here all the time. That was until he runs up to me, all excited and smiling. Grabbed my hand and shook it, said it was a real treat to meet me in person. Then turned around and left, walked out the door and disappeared behind a passing truck.

It happened so fast and casually enough that I wasn't sure it happened at all. Chalked it up to not sleeping enough, I normally work nights so when I closed this morning I just stayed up till we opened. I only sorta hate this place.

I clocked out at 3:30 that afternoon, and on the way out to my car I hear a timid voice behind me. 

"Um, excuse me."

I turn to see a girl, long blonde hair draped over the shoulders of a neon pink jacket. It's honestly hard to look at, the color almost glaring in the sun.

"Hi, can I help you?" I reply, still stuck in work character.

She smiled, relaxing a little "As courteous as always. I was actually wondering if you'd take a selfie with me."

"Uh... What?" I'm dumbfounded, she's definitely attractive but that would usually mean I'm invisible so I doubted I'd show in a picture

"Yeah, but my phone is dead, so I'd actually need you to take the selfie."

At this point I'm definitely thinking she's crazy. But exhaustion plays on the mind and at this rate I feel just alienated enough from the world to play along as if it's normal. I mean, it just might be.

"Uh... Sure. My front facing camera is broken though." I take out my phone and she almost jumps to my side. 

"It's fine! Now put your arm here." She pulls it over her shoulder "and for God's sake smile."

I hold my phone awkwardly, both in trying to click the screen while not covering the camera lens and in not being sure what the hell is going on. It takes a couple of tries but eventually I take a pic she's satisfied with.

"Thanks! Now post it on your Facebook."

I open the link I have saved on my front screen and look up. "Shouldn't I add you... first?"

She's gone.

"...y'know, I think I'll just sleep in my car. I definitely shouldn't be driving home yet."

(Countless pt 2 after work)