I stare blankly out of the frosted window overlooking the dark twinkling cityscape below. A sigh barely brushes past my forked tongue as I douse the remaining embers trailing off my last cigar. The frigid hate in the air is palpable against the draft of winter. My scales are hard. Life is hard...and New York is no place for a cold blooded beta class amphibian. 

I suppose it is far past time to accept the nature of my plight as I sink into the overly worn canvas chair by my one portal into the outside world. Great...freezing rain begins to pelt the window, and I can already see the dozen areas of my tiny flat where the raindrops have begun to draw together, awaiting their fall to the rooms below.

It must just be too much to ask of that worthless piece of scum landlord to get even one leak fixed, almost like it was too much to ask of the progenitors from almost 1000 years ago. The mission had been simple. We had reasoned out that the best way to infiltrate the human race to our net gain was to become part it. Humans fear what they do not understand, and in their ignorant fear they tear down what is not like them. 

Failure on the part of the First is not quite as simple to explain afterwards, however. The Cold Ones--as the few who actually managed to infiltrate our kind had dubbed us--should have been more than capable of spreading dissent and unifying human forces under the banner of our kind. It was brilliant...it is myth. Mothers still teach their young of the days when the great First led forces from Europe into the Middle East, or when they managed to develop the press into a weapon of knowledge to wield against the many factions of human scum later. What they fail to mention is why it took so many hundreds of years of failure to reach any of these great moments in the Cold Ones history. 

The simple fact of it is that the humans were too prepared. We underestimated their ignorance of our existence to the extent that almost from the beginning they were able to flesh out and exterminate even the most moderately successful plots dredged up by The First. It seems there is a certain ingenuity to a select few among the humans. Sure, the vast majority drone on, eking out their meager existence in total blindness to the horrors they should be facing; however, there are enough of The Enlightened to keep us in fear. Enough of them to keep me here...here in this dark, damp, and hateful excuse for a life!

Well...no matter. I had my go at it several times in my previous two life cycles. I very nearly reached the pinnacle of city politics, but not before certain idiotic mistakes by my faction of betas led me into the dirty sewers of the city for nearly a year. The Enlightened have secrets of their own, and it seems that every time one of us disappears so dramatically, they manage to silence every message of dissent that would lead to their own existence.

It is often said that the Devils greatest trick was convincing the people that he doesn't exist. The Enlightened have made that moniker a thorn in our scales for what may be eternity now. It seems only one organization can be openly secret at a time. No matter...we won't give up. The New Order convened just this year to rekindle what the rest of us have been feeling for centuries. It is time to plan a new course, time to regain a foothold, and time for the era of humans to end. Humans made this stinking, freezing, dirty city...they are the ones who hold us in veritable exile. Well, no longer. It is time for us to rise up. 

I stand and stretch from my nook against the window, a smile on my lips as my tongue flicks back and forth in anticipation. The Message appeared on my window, and as I breathe on the glass, the meeting place appears for our next plan. The Final Plan.  
