||\*\*UPDATED\*\*||

&#x200B;

"It takes a long time to load, Maron. It's old, older than the Twelve."

"If it's older than the Twelve, why is it a musket?"

"M-musket," the God of Ire spat. "How dare!"

"Calm, steady, Ire, calm. The boy doesn't know."

"He's not the right choice Murr, he isn't and you know it!"

"He is the right choice! He was the one who was chosen."

"You swear by it," the red faced calamity clapped.

Murr stood for the first time, he towered above all, even those within the Twelve. It was said that he was of the first gods, that he was older than the blue planet, older even than the sun, that he came when the first Bang! broke across the universe. No other immortal looked like him. "Never. Question."

The God of Ire grumpily turned away, "All Hail," he muttered.

"Now, take hold, I said. Take hold," Murr said before shoving the musket-like thing into my hands. "This is the Horn of Ishka. In your history the Japanese have said from its tip dripped the land of the rising sun. Christians have called it the Spear of Destiny. Ancient Egyptians said it is the staff of Anubis. They're all wrong, seeing what they want to see. It is like seeing a cellphone and calling it a book of light."

"A cell what?"

"Nothing. In time you will understand. Now listen carefully soldier, it takes some time to load."

"Like a musket."

"It's not a musket," the God of Ire shouted in rage.

Guards approached them in front of the coliseum, "I'm going to have everyone but the Champions, step back."

"I'm a God" roared Ire furiously again.

"Sure bud, who prays to you? Calling himself a God, can you believe this guy Pete?"

Pete chuckled and just shook his head.

"Now listen pal, back it up with the flames. They aren't scaring anybody," the guard proclaimed as he moved the two gods back.

"Listen to me Maron! Listen! Just trust in it," he shouted after me. "Trust!"

&#x200B;

||UPDATE||

&#x200B;

The metal gates shut loudly behind me. I found myself in a group of other champions. A large beast creature stood next to me in half armor. He turned to me, revealing his pig snout and snorted, "What's that you got there? A musket?"

I didn't know how to reply, so I just clutched my weapon in my hand.

"To the back with you then," he grunted. The pig beast turned to face our band of scraggly fighters, with his shoulders towering us he said, "I am Jaime de la Ring. During my time on Earth I was a pig, not a boar, not a bull, just a pig. But I fought nearly a hundred of battles against larger enemies. My stage was much like this one, where I jousted with Matadors. Slaying them in their turf, in their land, in front of their families. Always the underpig. Today I once again, have the unlucky draw of life to banded with you lot for the first round. Those that survive this round will then qualify to fight individually for the Gods. I am not going to lie to you, many of you will die. But when I win this tournament, and be granted as the immortal swine, I will ask the Twelve to grant you all a chance of life, for you have all had the grace to share in this moment with me, this moment of my..guh...guh...gurrh!"

"You talk to much," said a slithering voice behind the falling pig.

Jaime de la Ring broke to his knees and fell face first in the sand, dead. A reptilian figure withdrew its fanged steel from between the pig warrior's shoulder blades. It had curved in such a way that it pierced the poor beast's heart.

The gates began to roll up in front of me, the blinding light pooled into our small crevice as I heard a scream from behind, as the voices around me grew to a roar; we rushed out onto the sand. Already arrows darkened the sky as a man with a horse's head and sparrow's wings pulled back a majestic bow. Globs of fire lobbed by an ogre melted the sand into glass as shards were sent into enemies by a large black feline's hind legs. I saw the slithering snake I had been with, shouting at him to wait, but he had jumped head first into the sand and disappeared, only to reappear nearby - tripping a tanned Amazonian by wrapping his body around her.

Something exploded nearby and I became half buried in sand, the explosion still ringing in my ears, the dust still heavy on my face. I laid flat. So much for everything they said, so much for all of the hope they gave me.

How did this happen? Why was I here? Only a few hours ago I was standing in Purgatory. When these two figures began scouting down the line.

"No, not this one."

"What about this one? Looks nice and strong."

The two peered into a bag and seemed to whisper something.

"No, not that one," said the taller god as his head emerged from the bag.

"Him?"

"No, not him."

"Well which is it!" the God of Ire said angrily.

"It says we are close."

"Are you sure it's not broken?"

"Of course it isn't broken," the taller god said. "This thing is older than time itself, you don't just go living on older than time if you could easily be broken."

"Well, maybe its got some kind of master plan that we're unaware of. Maybe it's not even trying to help us look for our champion. Maybe it's looking to help the real champion. Now listen here, if that's the case. I want no part of it, do you hear me Graylo? I am a winner. I win. I won't be some-"

"Hush, Ire, hush. It can hear you. It can judge."

"All hail," Ire mumbled grumpily.

"Him," the one named Graylo pointed at me. "It's him."

"Him?"

"Me?"

That's when Graylo hurriedly pushed the musket-like thing into my hands. 

"Why did you do that!" Ire shouted unhappily. "You know the thing binds, now we can never remove it unless he dies."

"Because it's him." Graylo motions for a small green turtle sitting on a cloud, "Get the papers. We want him to represent us." 

The little horned thing took one long look at me and seemed to mutter under his breath, but then nodded to the two gods and left. Graylo took one long handed finger and pulled me from the line.

"Wait, but my place. I was about to be sorted, weighed, balanced."

"Hush, boy, hush. It's overrated, believe me. I've seen it millions of times.  Nobody is ever really happy about where they're going. The one's that are, are already there. You're better off coming with us. We will make you into a God."

So there I was, out of one war just to be thrown into battle in the next. Granted, waiting in purgatory was a killer waste of time, but this, tournament? Death? How can a dead man die twice? Could possibly grant me godly status? I mean, what does that involve? Women? Drink? Gold? It would be something to be worshiped, eh? Mother always said I would amount fairly but never greatness. Well, to hell with her. I gripped the musket in my hands and forced my feet to stand.

The flying horse-man had been pulled from the sky, one its wings were ripped off its back. It gripped the bow loosely in the hand, limping away on bloodied ankles. The creature was the closest to me so I rushed the nearly defenseless thing and struck him with my musket. The useless thing might have as well bounced off a wall. The horse-man turned to look at me angrily. I gripped and nearly stumbled backwards. The horse-man looked larger than he was before, his eyes turned red as the demon of an apocalypse, steam rose from his nostrils as he pulled up the bow and drew back its string. That's when his neck cracked, bent was more like it. I could see the fear in his eyes as the air in his throat lodged itself in his bent neck. A lump the size of a small baby burst threatened to burst from his skin. 

The horse-man cried out, "Auuurgh," reaching a heavy hand to grip me. So I struck him again. This time on his outstretched arm. For a second nothing happened, but then his arm fell from the weight that grew underneath his skin, crashing to the sand as it was engorged to the size of a cow. Emboldened by the staff, I struck him again and again, creating a gigantic, bubbling, pus filled mass where the horse-man once stood.

I struck many other champions with my staff throughout the day. Even the ground to escape to a higher platform from my enemies. I figured the staff could even break things down. It could construct and deconstruct at the simple form of a touch. It could create what was indestructible. 

At the end of the first round I was greeted by Graylo and the God of Ire.

"My boy! You've done," Graylo exclaimed. "I knew you would," he said proudly holding up the black bag that he had been religiously carrying. "It's never wrong."

"What's in there Graylo," I asked him.

The giant god seemed to hunch over and somehow made himself appear smaller. His hunched figure created a near shelter for the three of us, as he ushered me closer, blotting out most of the sun.

"Are you insane, Graylo? Out here in the open?"

"Don't fret, Ire, don't fret. I am shielding us from view."

"What is it Graylo? What?"

"It's one of the oldest objects I have ever come across."

Ire sneered, "Now that's saying something."

Graylo ignored him. "It has many rules. But the one simplest, truest rule, is never ask it anything you don't want the absolute answer to, for whatever it says, it will tell come to pass, no matter what."

"No matter what?"

"No matter what."

"Can I see it?"

Graylo looked dismayed, "Well, I don't-"

"Oh come on, it's the least you could do," I reached for the bag and pulled open the string. The velvet black cloth fell apart and revealed a hard porcelain-like object.

"The magic conch," the two of them breathed.