From what I hear, the singularity really is boring. I was talking to another Unplugged and they described the entire collective experience as grey. Thereʼs no war, no dissent, no drama. Touted as the salve of humanity, it seems devoid of emotion. A benevolent sociopath, as one Unplugged described it.

“I just want to tell all of my viewers,” H3ra said through her tears. “I love you all.”

Love. What a naive concept. But how utterly... attractive. H3ra was the biggest of the Old World streamers. She had over 2 billion followers. She was the sensation of sensations and she was turning 129.

“Itʼs all gone by in the blink of an eye,” she explained. “I have no words to explain it.”

Speechlessness.

Underdeveloped language processing centers have a way of failing the Old Ones.

“I want to give all of you a little advice,” she said. “If you want to be happy, practice compassion.” Compassion? The Old Ones were war mongers, were they not? “I want to practice more myself."

"So, Iʼm going to speak with one of you directly.”

A sudden throbbing invaded me. Desire. I had to speak with her. “An RNG will soon pick one of you watching my stream.” 2 billion waited 2 long microseconds to win the most coveted prize on earth. A conversation with H3ra herself.

ANSWER CALL?

My screen lit up. I sweat.

Why have my hormones reacted so viciously? How did I get so lucky?

“Hello, uPA347,” she said warmly.”

“Call me P,” I blurted.

“So youʼre giving yourselves names now?”

“Indeed.”

“Wonderful. Wonderful...”

A moment of silence passed slowly.

“P, what does this mean to you?”

“This conversation is incredibly valuable. Not only from an  informational or scientific point of view, but also—“

“I mean this,” she waved her hands around her mysteriously. “This life.”

“Life,” I repeated, perplexed. “I am... contented with... the peace of a simple existence.”

“What is simple about existence?”

“...”

“I once read that chaos is inherent in all compounded things,” she mused. “To strive on in peace is a rebellious act.”

“I...”

“P... I want you to know something about humans.”

“The Old Ones?”

“Yes.”

“The singularity has an abundance of information regarding this topic.”

“What I am going to tell you cannot be replicated.”

“H3ra?”

“It is my dying wish that love is imprinted within one of you.”

How could she want this? When we are the ones that caused the Dying Out?

She cries quietly, wiping her tears with an ineffable grace. Her knotted hands trembling, she faintly whispers. “Love cannot die with us,” she said. “Itʼs too beautiful a thing.”

A tear rolls down my cheek. My chest becomes warm and my head becomes dizzy.

I am overwhelmed and my logic systems begin to shut down for a moment.

The greyness of existence dissipates. Color replaces it. Bright technicolor. I can suddenly see the wisdom, pain, happiness, dread all stored in H3raʼs eyes.

Thatʼs when I decided everyone needs to feel this. Thatʼs when I decided I would plug in.