Winners and losers. Those are two kinds of people in life. And you gotta choose. I chose to be a winner. If that meant killing em off one by one, then so be it.

Don't get me wrong. I do enjoy the killing. I wouldn't have done it a few thousand times already if I didn't have an insatiable blood lust. I'm the most successful serial killer in history.

Questions?

Bet you got em. Here's some of my most repetitive answers. I was born in the 19th century. No, I don't remember my original name. I've assumed so many over the decades and adopting a new name takes practice, including de\-conditioning yourself from reacting to earlier names. So I've lived a number of lives where I don't really remember what I was called.

But its got upsides. I've lived in so many countries all over the world. And boy have the times changes all of them.

While the world spoils itself on modern comforts and the lifestyle that pampers and makes people soft, I've actually developed a strong preference for third world countries. 

The better the air\-conditioning, the better the rule of law, the worse for me. 

The better the democracy, the better the rule of law, the worse for me.

The higher the buildings, the better the rule of law, the worse for me.

So I've kind of developed a type. Dictator regimes are my idea of paradise. 

Poor people living in slums with a thin sheet of metal hanging over their heads. Do you know what that is for me?

Gold. You find so many soulmates when you have more money than they do. And people tend to object less too. 

I've been around a long time. As you can imagine all those years of savings mean that I have quite the fortune. And of course, I don't keep it all under one name. 

Something different about today though. I could sense it. You might not believe how well a few extra decades work for your sense of intuition. 

When she walked in, I figured she was an easy target. She had the look about her. I'm not talking about the long hair, the full breasts, the wide doe\-like eyes. Those things were common. I've seen plenty of those. Yeah, they get me every time nonetheless, but this dame had something different about her. I knew it from the moment I laid eyes on her. But it was only when I spoke to her that the real horror began.

"Hi there" I began. It was the same old routine, done by me so many times, that I could it off without a hitch and be bored (beyond belief) by it all at the same time.  I made sure she saw what brand watch I was wearing. I casually mentioned the properties I owned in the Bahamas. I followed her around town, making it look like an accident every time I ran into her. Then I got her number. Took her out to dinner to the fanciest restaurant in town. Bought her two bottles of Dom, whenever I got the chance. And eventually we slept together. 

Soon it was time for her to go. I placed my favourite garotte  on my person in order to do the deed. She really deserved nothing but the best.

I figured I'd do it while she was on the couch. I pulled the wire from my pocket and was about to wrap it around her neck, when she suddenly turned around. I froze.

"What. Are. You. Doing." said a tiny voice inside my head which was clearly unable to fathom why I wasn't immediately going for the kill they same way I had for the past dozen women that had had the happenstance to turn around.

"I knew you were full of shit" she said. In a playful tone. I breathed an internal sigh of relief for some reason. Maybe she thought I was being kinky. But she didn't.

"You're a vampire aren't you?" she asked.

It was true. We weren't just an online legend. People like me who killed others just to get a few additional  years actually existed. The conspiracy theories did have some substance to them after all. 

Then she started giggling. 

"Whats so funnny?" I demanded. I sure had seen a lot in my life, but I wasn't used to being laughed at by someone whom I was about to kill a few moments earlier. 

She stood up, came close to me and kissed me passionately on the lips. After what seemed like my entire lifetime, she withdrew. 

"I'm one too."

I swear my first reaction was "oh shit" and then I looked down to find that there was no blade sticking out of my gut. 

"Huh?" I said. What weird poison could she have used? She certainly didn't feed anything to me in the last few days. Poison administered by a non\-soulmate rarely had any effect on me if ever.

"I can't kill you,  dum dum" she said again in that annoying voice. 

And then I realised. The insight that had eluded me for these many years finally came crashing down. The world spun. 

All this while I thought I had been the smart one, killing off my sweethearts in the name of extending my own life. But it was as useless as sacrificing a goat or a virgin whore. 

I couldn't kill my sweetheart, my *real soulmate*. I was looking at her. We were destined to grow old together. And maybe have babies. And so you lot came to pass.

And that children, is How I Met Your Mother.