I've always asked myself - is it the voice of God that commands me or is it my own demons? Is it the Devil himself or the Angels' calling?   


I'd staked her out for three weeks, much longer than any of the others. But something Sal said to me in bed one night stuck out to me, are we really the ones in control of our life or do we just dance along to some grand plan? Since then, there's been this jig running in mind, throwing me off, making me nervous.   


Now as her hand caresses my smooth chin, I'm getting excited. Is it my fate to die this night, to this lowly creature? Is this your divine punishment for me, my crescendo? My finale?  


She was a naive little novice, barely a kill or two under her belt by the look of the bonds she'd tied on me. And she just wanted to feel alive in this boring decrepit world. I ***get*** her. She forgets to lock the door or cover the floor in case of blood spatter. That's a fail. And no gloves? Sigh.     


I notice her pupils dilate as the rush of her dark nature possesses her and she comes at me to wake me from the stupor she believes I'm in. "Wake up now, my darling, you wouldn't want to miss this." she croons. I give her a C for dialogue.     


"None of you ever want to look at me, never say a please or thank you to me. Its only the pretty girls you want to be nice to, huh? Well, now you'll beg me! Oh you'll beg me so sweetly" I roll my eyes as I change my mind about her. Only a D for dialogue.    


I notice her blood caked tools and I finally lose it. "What is this? Amateur hour?" My anger is a blade in the cold silent night through her monologue.   
"W-what did you say?". 
"How can you bear to kill someone like this?". 
She regains her composure as she misunderstands me and says "oh you mean, why I do this? I was.... ".   


"your door is unlocked, this nasty cottage workshop I'm in belongs to your dead estranged aunt, hasn't been cleaned since Malcolm, your tools are dirty, your hands are filthy and you don't even have a proper disposal mechanism. Or do you think pushing all the bodies into the swamp we passed on the I-98 and weighting them down with rocks is a fool proof method? Have some class in your art, Alice".   


She looks to me, points the knife to the door, scratches her head and just breaks down.    


I slip the bonds easily, carry her into the house behind the workshop and make her a cup of cocoa. I tell her everything is alright. I find out she hasn't eaten anything because of the anticipation and chuckle at the memories of my younger days. We go down to the dennys, have a nice meal and pick up a hitchhiker. I knock her out and put her in the trunk. Alice has been silent this whole time, but now she's a bit scared. As I drive back to the cottage, she asks me what I plan to do to her. "Teach you" My darkness replies.     


In a plastic sheet covered room, I clean and sterilise her tools as I sit Alice down in a seat. The hitchhiker is on a table spread out, naked. I wake her up and tell her to be calm and to talk about herself while I work. I'm soothing and I tell her there's nothing to be afraid of. All life ends in death of course, fear is but a silly sentiment.    


Once I'm done with my prep, I walk over to Alice who's fear stricken and asks me "who ARE you" I give her some of the alcohol I used to sterlize my tools with for courage. "Thank you, Jenny. It sounds like you have had an amazing life. Very interesting. However, I'm sorry to say this is it,honey. Choose your last words now and I hope they're not 'Please, dont'."Alice is still unsure, but I beckon her to the gloves and she wears them while Jenny apologises to her mom about leaving like that. Once Alice has the gloves, I hear that damn jig again, irritating to the very last, I see. I point her to Jenny and say," May I have the pleasure of your art, my  love" Alice hesitates a bit holding the knife above weeping Jenny as the music in my head rises to a crescendo. It is over in a matter of seconds and I stand there, shivering in the midst of plastic covers. Alice looks to me with adoration and places the blade at my feet, kissing my shoes.    


"Who cares if it's someone else's composition. This 
symphony is mine. And I will do as many Encores as I want."
