"Don't do it man" Germaine pleaded, "Just-- come on. It's-- You don't even know if it's gonna be possible."

"Math doesn't lie, Germaine" I said, "And my math, Germaine, is perfect."

Germaine sighed and saw that at this point I would not be stopped. "Well, just be safe. If you really think you can get it to happen... man, it would be legendary. Thompson got Hitler to-- but nobody has ever got him to *do* it."

Him! That-

"Thompson is an amateur!" I shouted. Thompson thought he was so clever with his sharks and banana peels. That stuff is for clowns, and Thompson was a clown! Anybody could drop a shark on him or stick some fruit by his bed. It was cheap nonsense. There was no art to it. The closest Thompson ever came to doing what I was trying to do came about as an accident. He had no sense of planning, or strategy, or *art*. Thompson was all flash and circus. I was the artist. Soon... they would see. They would all see.

I calmed down. I stepped into the time machine, Germaine was biting his lips. I gave him one last look. "Till I return old friend" I said. I was off.  

I arrived just where my mathematics had told me to, and at exactly the right time. *He* was just coming across the bridge, with his wife. Perfectly timed.

Yes,Thompson was an amateur, I thought holding the gun, and today I would lay bare before the Academy his total ineptitude. Today I would show once and for all the unity of mathematics and art. I would set in motion a series of events so devious, perfectly calculated that generations of Travelers would marvel at my work, my cathedral built in time for generations. And Thompson... Well Thompson, I imagined, would just kill himself.

I waited looking out towards the water for his car to come along. And he stopped just where my math had predicted. I pulled out the gun, and his wife let out a scream. Without hesitation I shot the Archduke.

I escaped from prison later that evening and returned to the Place Outside Time to cheers and congratulations. Best of all I heard Thompson actually did kill himself. 

I laughed. I was quite the bargain hunter. Two suicides for the price of one murder.