Staring at the concrete wall, you can't help but wonder how long you'll be here. You've tried to escape several times, but they caught you each time and dragged you back to this place. Even an inhuman person like you would grow bored of staring at the same concrete wall for decades. It's a wonder how you've managed to keep a rein on your sanity. Sometimes, you purposely pick fights with the guards and the other inmates. Why? Because when they throw you into solitary confinement, you'll get to look at a different wall for a while.

You once tried to hang yourself in your cell. It would have been a pain in the ass if you hadn't managed to get yourself down after realizing it was a no go. The last thing you needed was for some uppity guard to see a man survive hanging himself and start asking questions. Chuckling to yourself, your hands felt so cold. How long had it been since you felt the sensation of having a knife pierce the flesh of another? The blood... you missed it. You didn't do what you did for some greater purpose or reason, nor was it for madness.

Murder was just a hobby you liked. Although, perhaps there was a little bit of curiosity to it as well. This immortality of yours was something you were aware of from even your childhood years. The "accident" that claimed your parent's lives should have claimed yours as well. Your father had decided to take the whole family for a trip... purposely right off the side of a bridge. You would never know why he did it, but perhaps it didn't matter in the end. When you came to in a flooded and sinking car at the bottom of a river and were still alive and your parents weren't, something broke within you. It was as if they went off to some place you were barred from ever entering.

For some reason, that really just made you angry. From that day forward, you began to take the lives of others. Starting with animals but then moving to humans, you felt dissatisfied with their reactions. With such pained and sorrowful looks on their faces, they could not understand that death was a burden you would never be allowed. Eventually, that anger grew far too unstable, and you got sloppy enough that you ended up here.

In this prison of human filth and those shitbags who thought themselves better since they were the ones watching over the poor excuses of humanity that ended up here. But everything was alright. All you would have to do is simply play the waiting game. Eventually, these familiar faces you've seen for so long would eventually disappear or become gray and wrinkled with age. This prison had only recently been constructed but eventually, they would replace it with yet another newer one...

Eventually, they would have to move the prisoners that were still here... and that would be your chance to escape and set out chasing after death's coattails yet again. Perhaps with every life you took, some greater power would become more inclined to take away this maddening "gift" of immortality away from you.

Closing your eyes, you remained facing that ever so familiar concrete wall. For those who couldn't die, sleeping was simply just a way to pass the time.