James couldn't help but give a belly laugh after hearing him out.

"It's not funny! Stop laughing!" the exacerbated figure growled. "Nobody laughs at me like that..."

James, wiping a tear from his eye, cocked his eyebrow at the figure. "Humbling experience, isn't it?"

The figure released a defeated sigh, "Humility is a sentiment I have rarely experienced. I can think of less than a handful of times...and twice in a two day period. This is too much..."

James cleared his throat, "Alright. I must say I am a bit awed that The Father of Lies himself would seek MY help. I mean, my body isn't even cold. Full disclosure, I was scared a bit shitless when you showed up 'to come get me'."  James looked over, almost in a bit of a momentary daze, as the orderlies began rolling the hospital gurney out of the room. A white sheet covered the body on the gurney. Tufts of gray hair could be seen sticking out. It was, of course, James's body. A body James was now 'separated' from.

"Your wife will pick a blue suit for the funeral, reminds her of your eyes." the dark figure spoke in a hushed tone.

"Enough, enough...lets get down to business shall we?" James waved off. He then pulled the chair out from underneath the small wooden table in the hospital room. He sat down and threaded his fingers together and firmly placed his hands on the table before him; the very same pose he took when consulting with any client for the first time. James then motioned to the chair across the table from himself and resumed his pose. The dark figure took that as his cue to sit down.

James's gaze stayed locked on the dark figure, studying him. James, allowing some of the curiosity to escape in his voice, "I'm just amazed that THEY managed to outwit you. First off, I had no idea that Hell was a Constitutional Monarchy."

The figure smirked, and beamed with a bit of pride, "Well if you know anything about me, I 'thrive' by Contracts. And what is a Constitution if not another contract? The ultimate in Social Contracts."

"Ah." James nodded, "But I'm amazed. After how many thousands of years, They found a loophole to depose you?"

The dark figure growled a bit, "I thought it was Ironclad! Who would have thought...How could I..." The dark figure then pounded his fist on the table in anger. "This is why I need YOUR help. Whether you realize it or not, YOU are the most brilliant lawyer of your generation. I've observed your career with a watchful eye. I've seen you argue masterfully before the Supreme Court in your land with a tongue made of silver! And yet you managed to maintain a moral compass I rarely see in any lawyer. I'm actually glad you are not set to come to Hell!" The figure closed his eyes, caught his breath, and repeated this time with more desperation in his voice, "This is why I need your help! I need justice!"

James was a bit awed by the Figure's appeal to him; though he now had his poker face on and was not going to show it. James knew he was good at what he did; but was he really THAT good? He closed his eyes momentarily shook his head, he was not going to allow Pride to cloud his mind. He had to remain focused. James tilted his head slightly, "Well, you more than anyone should know, the Law is not necessarily about who is right and wrong, and it is not about Justice; though I've always tried to make it as such. It's about who can make the most convincing argument. Who's interpretation of the Law that the judge or jury accepts."

The dark figure, narrowed his eyes, feeling as though he was being talked down to a bit, "Yes, I am well aware of this."

James could not do anything but nod. "Alright. I'll need to see a copy of the Constitution and the Lawbook." With that, the Dark Figure waved his hand and reached into a large satchel he had been carrying. From the satchel he pulled out a thick tome, bound in black leather, that seemed to almost cover a good portion of the table.

Instinctively, James began thumbing through the book. He then glanced up at the Dark Figure. "You might as well get yourself a cup of coffee and then get comfortable. We're going to be here  for quite a while." James, began thumbing through the book again when he smirked and momentarily looked up, "So I guess I'm taking this case Pro Bono?"

The dark figure shook his head and quietly muttered under his breath, "Wiseass..." He then stood up and walked to the door to go get coffee for the both of them. He let out a sigh of a relief during the the few moments he left the room. He had the greatest legal mind of this generation working on his case...

&#x200B;

&#x200B;