"Our people's knowledge of the heavens has grown steadily greater since Galph the Younger's seminal work on telescopy and planetary studies some 60 years ago.

"Through thorough study and meditation, I have come to suspect that much of the ancient knowledge may be false.  It appears that, contrary to the Teachings, ours is not like the other planets in our system.

"As an apostle of Galph the Younger, I have had much access to her manuscripts and to her observatory.  Through studying the skies, I have come to the conclusion that our planet rotates far, far slower than the others we observe, an observation even the Great Galph did not make. For her observations did naught but support the ancient knowledge.  All the planets she observed had barren sheets of ice stretching across their poles, and the Elders used this to further strengthen their proscription against travel beyond the Vehlen Mountain range, many, many villages to the north, or the vast Unnamed Sea that borders our land to the south, and whose shore we have traveled along since time immemorial, always chasing the Light.

"Our planet, though...I truly believe that our planet is different.  We seem to turn so very much slower than any of the other observable planets.  I am certain I have seen our closest neighbor, H-3, spin full around hundreds of times since last we relocated.  This led me to seek a greater understanding of Galph's equations.

"If these other planets truly turn this quickly, why should we assume that they behave the same as ours in other ways?  Perhaps the reason their poles are so much colder is related to this.  Each spot of ground at the equator receives the Light at almost a 90* angle at only one short point during their rotations.  With the speed of rotation I have observed, this would be barely enough time to heat up at all!  But...ah, but perhaps enough to carry the small amount of heat through the Darkness, which...of course!  The Darkness would be too short to chill the land very much either!  But what of the poles?  They would receive the Light at much shallower angles.  If my numbers are right, the Light would be spread thin there.  They would be heated up less when in the Light, but cooled the same when in the Darkness.  This must explain the ice!

"And our planet, being all but still, all regions equidistant from the Dusk Line would be struck at approximately the same angle (with some variation for geographic differences...could this explain the fear of the mountains?).  This means that there would be almost no temperature variance as you travel in a ring around the planet, so rather than our narrow band (and the hypothetical narrow band opposite ours, as postulated by Galph the Younger to explain the strange artifacts we occasionally find), there would most likely be a habitable ring!  The land north of the Vehlen Mountains might even be preferable, since one's village would have to travel a much shorter distance every rotation in order to stay within the Habitable Band.  Perhaps we could even find if the Great Galph's musings about the other civilizations are true!

"I dare not speak of this to my compatriots, nor to the Elders, for I would surely be excommunicated and banished.  But I must know.  Perhaps I can begin traveling north soon, along the Dusk Line, under the guise of visiting some of our great civilization's other villages.  I shall keep traveling though, to see what the land north of the mountains holds for us.  May I return with greater knowledge."

-The last known writing of Misul the Patient, apostle of Galph the Younger