Seamus inhaled the sweet late-spring air. A gentle breeze cooled the sweat on his brow. His journey was nearly complete; his ex-wife's village lay just ahead. A few more miles and he could lay down his heavy pack, then he could sign the divorce papers and be at the pub by eleven.

Seamus glanced down the hill and saw a stream wandering through the field. Without a second thought he pulled off his boots and started down the hill. He was just a metre away when his foot caught on something. He went arse over heels into the tall grass [which was extra tall for his 35cm self!]

"Feck!" he snapped. "What the hell was that, then?" He shrugged his pack off and rubbed his neck. When he turned around to see what he had tripped on he saw nothing but a cloud of blue smoke rising from the grass. Not blue as in dark grey, but blue as in his balls since he hadn't seen his fiancé in over three weeks.

This was obviously quite alarming, as he wasn't the only one hit with a dry spell. The grass around him had become golden in colour, threatening to turn brown at any moment unless the rain came, or a bunch of drunken gits with full bladders. This was Ireland, after all, and there was sod all to do in these villages except drink and think, and most preferred the former.

"Feckin' 'ell!" Seamus said, springing to his feet. "Good thing that stream's nearby. All I have to do is- oh."

His speech had been interrupted when the smoked formed a human-size being with blue-black hair and...well, blue skin. Seamus groaned; he'd tripped on a genie's lamp. This was the third one in a week! Patrick O'Reilly and Gerald McMahon had found one each in the fields near their home.

The genie also seemed disturbed. He glanced down at Seamus knowing full well who had touched his lamp and knocked the lid off. They caught each other's eye, looked away, caught each other's gazes, and looked away again.

"A leprehcaun," the genie said softly, then he coughed. "Well. This is awkward."

"Aye," Seamus agreed. He shifted back on forth on his sore feet. "I, erm... I met one of your mates earlier this week. Fellow named Chao. Had green skin. Rather lovely, really."

The genie started to roll his eyes, then he frowned. "I was about to say something about that being a bit racist, but..." He shrugged. "Yeah, I know Chao. We grew up together in Wukan. Kinda nice to know he's nearby."

"Aye, I imagine so," Seamus said, glad to have some sort of small talk. "There, ah, there was another, on Monday. Rather boisterous girl named Lei. Was none too pleased when Gerald woke her up. Threatened to tear off his goolies."

The genie laughed. "Can't say I know her, but I think I like her."

Both were silent for a long, awkward moment. Finally Seamus asked, "What's brought so many of you to Ireland?"

The genie rolled his eyes. "Fucking humans keep importing cheap goods from Chinese sweatshops. A handful of the locals thought it'd be hilarious to drop in some magic lamps, watch the westerners screw up their lives with instant gratification of their most carnal desires."

Seamus could not help barking a laugh of pure mirth. "Oh, my word! That is *brilliant!*"

"Right?" The genie chuckled and shrank himself until he was Seamus's size. Then he held out his hand. "Shen Lee."

The leprechaun took his hand. "Seamus McGuire. A pleasure."

"Likewise." Shen rocked back and forth in mid-air, as he was still tethered to the lamp. Seamus found himself gazing at the genie's chiseled body. How exactly did such a being maintain his physique while cooped up in a lamp for a thousand years? And why was he staring? And...was Shen staring as well?

"God, I wish I knew what to do," Seamus muttered before he could stop himself.

Shen's brows went up. Then he closed his eyes and exhaled a sigh of relief. "Oh gods, me too!" He sat on his lamp and eyed Seamus for a moment. "Okay, how about that one doesn't count?"

"Oh, er...thanks." Seamus thought about how leprechauns usually took any human's words literally and would grant anything wished aloud, just to speed up the process and get them both on their way. It made for some hilarious stories.

"We have to do something, though," Shen said. "I mean, I don't know about you, but now I'm out and know where I am, I'd like to do a little sight-seeing and figure out how to get home."

Seamus nodded. "We make our wishes on three, then?" When Shen nodded, he counted, "One...two...three!"

Both exclaimed, "I wish he was gay!"

Both stared at each other. Seamus felt sweat prickle on his brow. He had been planning to wish for Shen's freedom, but apparently Freud had other ideas. He felt his face turn crimson. But...that was all he felt. Why weren't his hands tingling? They always did that before he granted someone's wish.

Slowly he looked up. Shen was watching him. A tiny smirk was tugging at the corner of his mouth. It was contagious; Seamus's mouth began to twitch as well. Soon they were both smiling, their faces pink with embarrassment.

It was Shen who held his hand out to Seamus. "Care to show me around?"

Seamus reached for the strong blue hand. "I'd love to. But first, I need to sign some divorce papers."

Shen held up his other hand. "No judgement. I was married before. She left me for another man."

"Yes, well, this one's left me for three men, two women, a non-binary faery, and a wizard named Tim." Seamus shrugged. He waved his hand at the lamp, which shrank just enough that he could carry it in his pack. He shouldered it and held out his arm to the floating Shen, who giggled as he took it. Together they crossed the stream and strolled toward the village. Their awkwardness gone, they chatted casually about everything and nothing, and laughed at the terribly silly things humans usually wished for.

EPILOGUE: Even after many years together, neither Seamus nor Shen ever used their magical entitlement of wishes, for they had found true happiness in each other.