Three years. Three FUCKING years and it’s still going. Most of them were just moments. It’s happened to me ever since I was a kid. Randomly, time for everyone else would just, bam, come to a halt. At first, I just thought it was a normal thing for everyone. That changed quickly. Then I tried to take advantage of it, with middling success (it just so happens that when you have to do everything you want without knowing when time will resume, it gets a little stressful). Then I went through a religious phase, thought it was god screwing with me or something. Then, just once, out of the corner of my eye, I saw him.

I was 20 at the time. I’m old now. Much older. Lived and loved (or tried to at least) and did all I wanted with the little bonus of some extra time for contemplation every once in a while. Which I usually spent thinking about the grocery mall that had a guy, about the same age as me, moving. I was honestly in shock. It was when I was out of town for a business “team building seminar” (ugh) and all I could do was stand there with my mouth open. This guy had a mission. He was moving with a plan. And in a moment I knew it. I was his carryon. Somehow, I’d gotten in his little slip of spactime (I sound smart when I say that, don’t I?). Never saw him since. Now I’m old and admittedly a little crotchety and this bastard has been making me go crazy.

I go into a hospital. Not for any particular reason, just curiosity. It’s usually an interesting place with things happening and doctors and whatnot. Not today though. For some reason, all of the staff was in one room, looking over an empty bed. Huddled around in their unorganized-yet-calculated way, each one with a clipboard in one hand and a lab coat and name tag. A young brunette with what looks to be her fiancé are hugging and crying, an older man looks on with his wife, and some young kid without a brain is hesitantly prodding the air above the mattress. A heartwarming tableau really. And the lab coats insulating the family from the outside. And the footsteps you hear when—wait. Footsteps?

“Who are you?”

I freeze. Not because of time or anything, just nerves I guess. “What the  SHIT!”

Okay, not my proudest or most eloquent moment, but in three years of not being surprised, the shock has a way of building up.

“How are you moving?” His tone is puzzled, more than anything.

“You.” I say, and turn to meet the hunchback of Notre Dame. No. Wait. That’s a man. Well he’s short so sue me. His hair isn’t doing him any favors either. Black with the perfect amount of whispiness to accentuate the scalp but not give it definition. Broken nose too. But a face that, however old it was, lived beyond its years.

“Me.”

“You control these things.”

“Is that a question?”

“Shut up. Why so long. Why this time?”

“Don’t you want to know why we happen to meet here?”

“Why we—“ I look back at the bed, “Oh no. You?”

“No.” He sighs. “Not me.”

“Who then?”

I’m met with the a sad grin that I’ll never forget, and as he holds up his left hand, it dawns on me.

“The wife,” I whisper.

He nods. “The wife.”

“But she can’t—“

“No. She can’t. I’ve tried.”

All this time, he’s been trying to spend a few extra days with his wife, but with all his power, I’m the only one who can be there for him.

“Sit down.” I motion to the bed. We sit. Two old men. One always at the mercy of the other. Until now. I get him to tell me about everyone in the room. The young couple were Brad and Chelsea, lovebirds without a care in the world except for their boy, Andrew. Chelsea had him as a teenager, but Brad stuck through, and the two of them fought the good fight together. Of course, my new friend James helped them out (without their knowledge, of course). We talked about the different times we’d experienced together, separate, and I got some answers to questions I’d had for the longest time.

Finally, I had to bring it up. “Julia,” I said, “tell me about her.”

He smiled that same old smile at me and said, “did you ever find...her? You know...”

I raised my ringless hand. “Yes.”

He nodded in silent condolences. “That was Julia for me. I could do everything for her, but she wouldn’t let me. Kept me honest, she did.”

I thought back to my years and time spent frozen.

“How long did that last?” I asked.

He said, without missing a beat, “it didn’t.” I chuckled.

“You know what you have to do, right?” I said, quietly.

He just sighed. “It’s not fair to them.” I said.

He looked away. “Nice day out,” he said.

“It’s been a nice day out for too long.”

Nothing.

“James—“

“God damn what’s fair!” he roared, “I don’t give a damn what I have to do or don’t have to do! I’ll tell you when it’s been too damn long!”

“James.”

“I know. Julia. She deserves an end. These,” he gestures half-heartedly, “people deserve to go on. I should do what’s best for them.”

I think for a moment. Carefully, I respond, “James. *You* deserve an end. You. You have this, this awesome power that lets you never give up. But you need to. Just once, find closure. Please. If not for their sake, for yours.”

“Thank you.”