The year was 2040. The International Force Against Quadlifers (IFAQ) had just finished a huge wave of assassinations against Quadlifers all around the world. President Ivanka Trump had just met Putin, President of Eurasia, and agreed on tougher measures against Quadlife. The IFAQ had just launched a new SpaceForce DeathStar, capable of tracking Quadlifers by measuring the length of DNA chromosomes telomeres. 


"Welcome ladies and gentlemen to the Annual Quadlifers Convention, please sit down", said Jack, walking into a conference room full of 10-year-olds. It hasn't been long since he started this society. He didn't know whether it was going to help Quadlifers around the world or put them in more danger, he just knew he had to do it. 


"Everyone wants us dead, they want to hide the truth. We are not fighting for our lives, we are fighting for humankind" said Jack. Everyone knew what he was talking about. The scars on his face were still fresh, it's only been a few days since the attempt on his life. "We have within our hands a great power, but with it comes an even greater responsibility. Only we can save humankind from our imminent fate" said Jack. The kids knew he was right, or at least, they hoped. 


It's been exactly ten years since he started this experiment. He's always known he was different, special, almost "super-human". Ever since he was a kid, he's always had a special relationship with "Time". He always felt like time moved slower for him than for other people. He could function perfectly on only a couple of hours of sleep at night. He would finish an exam paper before anybody else. His parents always told him he "speaks too fast", and that he should "try to slow down a little". Yeah, and his watch, this was the weirdest one. His watch always seemed to go faster than other watches, much faster. Everyone thought it was just a mechanical error, except Jack. He liked the idea, he felt like "Time" was his friend. His "Ally". That he could "wield time". He didn't think any of it was connected, until his 10th birthday, the day he met Jessica. At the bakery, Jack was with his father picking up the birthday cake, that's when he saw a girl having a fight with the baker about her cake not being ready on time, with the baker trying to explain to her that her watch is broken. "Eureka!". The pin dropped, Jack wasn't the only one. 


Fast forward, here he is with these ten-year-old Quadlifers. He wished Jessica were here with him, she would have known exactly what to say, hadn't she been killed by IFAQ. "We have within our hands a great weapon, but we have many enemies" said Jack. "Governments want to destroy us. They want to keep this a secret. We have two options ladies and gentlemen. Fight all odds, triumph, and make the world a better place to live, or succumb to the pressure. We can cure alzheimer's, cancer, diabetes, solve the biggest problems of civilization. Universal basic income, Artificial Intelligence, capitalism, global warming, sadness, depression, we can achieve maximum happiness for all living creatures, or we can give up. Let the governments control this power. More armies, more wars, more suffering. To be or not to be. This is the question"

