I had finished my last engineering class for the day and was passing the hours before bed engrossed in YouTube gaming videos. I was most of the way through today's subscription feed when I heard a piece of paper slide out from my closet. Confused, I went to investigate since I never kept papers in the closet.

What I found in front of my closet was a red heart-shaped card trimmed with orange lace cut to resemble flames. As I picked the card up a hot but pleasant warmth radiated through my forearms, compelling me to flip it over. On the front of the card was nothing but my name, seemingly written in blood.

More than a little weirded out, I apprehensively opened the card. Inside was written:

> Dear sweet Alex,

> I have been shadowing you since you were 10. I was the monster in your closet, but please believe me when I say I had no malicious intent. I stood by you in your darkest times, but I didn't dare reveal myself to you because you might not be old enough to understand or find my appearance too fearsome. I watched the angels pass you over, ignoring your plight when it was greatest. As I watched over you I developed feelings a demoness rarely develops for a human. My heart burns with longing for you and I yearn to hold you in my arms.

> Love,

> Your flame in the darkness,

> Cinder

I stand there dumbfounded, not sure whether to think that was the sweetest or downright creepiest thing I'd ever read. 

Eventually deciding on the former, I turn to the closet.

"Cinder? You wanna come out?" I ask.

No sooner than I had finished my sentence, a ring of fire filled with prismatic blackness appeared before me. A moment later Cinder steps through the portal in all her red-skinned, demonic glory.

"I think "fearsome" might have been too strong a word to describe you Cinder"

"Aww, thanks heartfire, that means a lot" she says with a bright, fanged smile as she walks over to me. Cinder puts her arms out for a hug, an offer I would not willingly refuse. I wrap my arms around her ribs as she snakes hers around my shoulders, her black claws gently pressing into my shirt and her triple-digit body temperature making the whole experience extra warm & fuzzy.

"Mmmmmm, you feel so good" Cinder purrs as she hugs me to her a little tighter.