"...and everlasting life you shall receive! Only when you are the last of your kind may you perish. Be ready for years of regret boy."

"What a dramatic old crone. If these beggars don't start clearing my streets I'll lead the brigade myself to clean up this town. What kind of "curse" is immortality. These "witches" get crazier by the day. "Everlasting life" my ass. I'll be lucky if I outlive my cow."

"You'll be lucky if you outlive the day!"

And we laughed and we set off.

But I did. I made it through the day. I outlived my cow. I outlived Marin. I watched my dearly beloved wife die. Then our wonderful children grow old and pass as well. I kept waiting for Death to come by and at the very least give me a courtesy visit, a check up, something. But alas, no. Fuck Death. I never got older, I always remained my 17 year old self.

I refuse money to one crazy beggar, and everything turns to garbage.

I tried remarrying, creating a new family, pretending that I enjoyed life with them as much as I had with my old. But there was no point. I eventually grew to love them, I began to forget my old family, and then they'd die off. Just like the last one. But don't worry kids, grandpa's still here, keeping up with you, out-racing you, peak of my physical prime. Forever.

I wish I could say that the soul can only take so much heartbreak, but you'd be surprised. It was like a drug you know. It was a regret sandwich. You'd regret losing your past loved ones while you were with a new family for a few years, then sweet euphoria would strike, then they'd die off and you'd regret losing your new family.

Then you start the process again.

For about six and a half centuries, I had myself convinced that was the best way to live. Just longing for those few precious moments of euphoria.

Eventually though, (and I don't know if it was because I'm still 17, or because I had built up too much of a tolerance), I stopped experiencing that euphoria altogether. Now sparked the budding seeds of resentment. No longer was I mad at that witch for giving me the curse of immortality, I was mad at humanity for continuing to live and breed and make more and more and more and oh so much fucking more.

I got a few ideas early on. I showed those in power how to manipulate the feeble minds of the poor for their own benefit in the game of war... I mean real war, not those skirmishes we had of the past. Oh and by god did they take to it. I watched battle after battle where men would kill each other off and soon one or two would be left on the battlefield.

They even had a great war, then another one. I'm sure you know of World War I and II. I thought World War II was it. Oh my god when Nagasaki and Hiroshima got hit I had the same euphoric sense I had all those years ago.

But what happened when the men came home from that war?

Baby boomers.

Now populations were doubling and doubling and doubling again. All I could do was cross my fingers and hope that the good ole Americans and Russians could be trusted to get pissed off enough at each other to start letting the magic missiles fly. But no. They cared to much about what it would do to humanity. I even tried setting off the alarm on the Russian side. To no avail. The last man who could have set everything in action was so convinced of the good in humanity that he risked his country's safety just for the sake of it.

I've tried everything. Humanity just kept growing in number. 

Even the ugly ones are finding each other through various dating services and other drunken hook-up availabilities.

They just kept making more.

But then. Hope! Scientists found that they made too many people! Can you believe it? Too many! I kept thinking of different ways to decrease the numbers, and it turns out I should have been trying to put out more! They made their own cars that choked the atmosphere, they dropped the plastic in the waters to kill their supply of it. And they kept fracking away to create more oil for more gas and more plastic!

And on top of all of that, they denied the idea that any of it had a potential negative effect on them! So I just waited.

And waited...
And waited...
And wait... Surely humanity should have died off right?

It's been 250 years! They never made it to Mars. They never got off this damn planet. They trapped themselves in and watched as the world went to shit around them all while saying they'd be fine. I watched so many of them die.

So why the fuck am I still here?

You remaining set of prodigious bastards! Trying to find a way in this broken world.

Give up! I just want to see one of my families again. All you need to do to give me this is to give up.

But you never will, will you? All I can do is plead. Please let me have this "W".

I'm so tired of living, and this life has left me so terribly alone.

Give up.

