We all want something out of life.  Our needs develop over time.  Age begets lust before it brings wisdom so we chase sins of the flesh.  High school flames become symbols of a forgotten time and college crushes get lost in the sands of our development.  Some people end up consumed in those years and never escape.  Some go on to greater things.  We wear the mask of our productive society when we get our first real job and if we’re lucky, they’ll keep paying us to do a task we couldn’t give two shits about.  If we didn’t settle down with the high school flame or the college crush, our bodies spin with time riding our thoughts while our biological clock ticks away.  We have to get married.  We have to reproduce.  If our own lust prevents it, we must find a way to empower our knowledge on the future generations or we’ll simply go mad.  Tick. Tick. Tick. Spin.  Time flies fast as the youthful hydration in our flesh fades and the vigor of youth turns to gray.  The passing of the clock stops counting towards our inevitable greatness and instead just starts ticking towards death.  The final chapter writes itself—we get no say in that.

I was a typical human male and there was nothing special about me.  I grew up in the clutches of the middle class, always wanting what I couldn’t have.  I envied those that had the fancy things and I desired the girls who were out of my league.  My high school flame burned out, my college crush married someone else, and I spent my twenties waiting for the bartender to pour another drink.  The twenties became the thirties and I settled down with someone who had as much baggage as me.  Between love and hate, we brought two beautiful children into the world.  I never knew what love was until I saw it in my daughter’s eyes.  They grew up like me, wanting the things I couldn’t give them while I slaved away just to give them what they needed.  Soon they were adults on their own path with families of their own and grandchildren who adored my stories about the past.  I saw death coming as it eat away at what was left of my past mistakes.  I died surrounded by a family that loved me, expecting nothing but the darkness of my death.

I never bought into an afterlife or any sort of religion.  The things I could touch were what I believed in.  When the darkness faded and I was standing in front of the golden gates to eternity, I was fairly surprised to be there.  I didn’t bow my head in prayer, confess my sins, or accept God’s love in life, so why was it present in death?  Paradise wasn’t what I expected, nor did it seem to deserve the title.  Heaven was a wasteland, a broken road towards a shattered city.  The only option was linear progress, so I climbed the steps towards a mansion that seemed to be carved from pearls.  Inside, it was a smoldering wreckage.  I had no desire to continue, but I was drawn towards the golden throne in front of me.  I walked with my feet dragging against each step until I could see bones resting in the center of the throne.  I should have felt horrified, but I simply felt nothing.  I walked up the steps to the throne where I found a solitary sheet of paper resting in the outstretched hand of the debilitated skeleton.  I pried it loose and unfolded it, curious to see what it would say.

“Paradise could have been yours, but you did not believe.  This is your eternity.” - God



