I walked into the diner, and was promptly seated. It was, for a lack of a better word, disturbing  to see how many upright citizens were relegated to this shithole. They’d dilate you for anything, even trespassing nowadays. Everyone here wouldn’t hurt a fly, yet somehow they ended up in the same boat as the terrorists and psychos and the drug lords. This meal was to be my last moment of genuine peace and quiet before I went north. The miniature rendition of Newark was shittier than the real thing, only made worse by the presence of one Robin Grichuk. But I had other concerns at the moment, far more pressing than the whereabouts of  the so-called “Knife Archer.” I was fucking starving.

The scientists that developed the dilation procedure don’t let you eat for 72 hours before they shrink you. Inorganic molecules are still a work in progress, they told me. That also means no clothes either, although that wasn’t nearly as frustrating. They’ve set up facilities for cops like me to venture into the world of what President Morris considers scum. That is, to be specific, “Groids, Spics, druggies, and communists.” His words, not mine. You have a president trying to start a race war, and then you wonder why everyone hates cops. 

Thankfully, I don’t have to worry about any animosity towards my kind here. Freehold’s a white town, full of people who would drop $50 a gram because they don’t know any better. That’s probably how they ended up here. The waitress, whose name tag read “Mary Jane” must have spotted my badge because none of the three cups of burnt French Vanilla coffee showed up on the check, and neither did the overly-eggy bread pudding. I don’t feel so bad about spending $16 on a chicken parm now. Before I left I asked the waitress what she was in for. When she replied, “Marijuana possession,” it took all I had not to burst into laughter, or even crack a smile. *Mary Jane was in for Mary Jane.*

Yeah, I’m not the best cop in the world. I graduated from the academy in the middle of the pack. On Graduation Day for us dilation officers, unceremoniously nicknamed, “size cops,” they screen two films: “RoboCop,” and “Downsizing,” to give us an idea of what we’re supposed to be. Except it’s nothing like that. RoboCop is awesome. Being a size cop is *not* awesome. Downsizing is clever. There is no such thing as a clever cop. I’m pretty sure we only do this because Peter Weller won’t fucking die, and he still collects royalties on this shit.

I got back into my car, and headed towards the Turnpike. None of our CI’s actually knew where Grichuk was, but he’d only been in the little world for a day. I guess it made sense to start looking in the shittiest place nearby. When I was first reassigned during my fasting period, I was stoked. Tracking down a criminal sounded a hell of a lot better than going on the beat. It also sounded a lot more dangerous.

I exited the Turnpike at 13A and passed by the old Budweiser brewery. It beats the hell out of me why they would recreate an old, abandoned building in the miniature world. It’s probably a just a mini-excuse to take the mini-people’s mini-tax dollars and make a mini-profit. But it also could just be that the world designers couldn’t tell the difference between an old, abandoned shithole, and a lively, in-business shithole, given that the motel I got a room in looked worse than the brewery. I could sleep now, but only while constantly on edge. I had entered a world of danger, and it would be idiotic of me to regard a stupid motel room as a safe haven.

(Will continue in the future.)