“We were wrong. Planet inhabited. Do not send rescue.” I hit enter on the keyboard and slowly lowered myself to the deck. I was going to die. My wound was becoming worse. It looked like it was infected. I heard a bang on the hatch. I raised my rifle to my shoulder and took aim. I wanted to go out fighting. With a bang. 

*50 hours earlier*
We finally touched down. Getting here felt like forever, but we’re finally touch downed on the Red planet. I was excited to be making history with everyone I came with. We all represent the American military, at least one from the six branches. Each had more than one, except me, being the only Coastie. Because of that, I caught a lot of light hearted jokes. But the Chairforce got their fair share. So did Space Cadets, and the crayon eaters. 

We made quick work of setting up our habitat and life support. Crazy how far technology has come. Anyways, I got watch bitch and had to send a transmission back home. The radio tower still needed time to set up. We planned on doing that in the morning. As night began to fall, I took up my post in the watch. “Touchdown successful. Habitat functional. Life-support optimal.” Enter. 

“Roger.” Houston replied. I kicked up my feet and made sure life-support numbers were good. I saw 3 Army MP’s taking a smoke outside. They all had their rifles, which was sort of odd. Being the only people on the planet. I was sent with an M4A1, and a Sig Sauer P229. Not sure why, but I was always told it was part of “protocol”. 

Airmen Wilson relieved me around 0400GMT. I was drained. She told me to go and get some rest. I only slept about 4 hours till everyone else was up and back at it. We began to set up the radio tower. I was out there with the 3 Space Forcemen, and a Marine and army guy were armed. The Marine, his name was King, began to wander quite far away. Just kicking rocks and enjoying the view. A few minutes went by, and there was a scream. 

There was rapid gunfire, and the screams and gun stopped at once. We all turned around, stunned. The Soldier raised his weapon towards the screams. Coming over the peak of the hill, were hundreds. If not thousands of monsters. They were about the size of a Great Dane. They slowly crept over the hill. Some were covered in blood. 

“Everyone. Go.” The soldier said. Covering us as we all scurried back into the habitat. We secured the hatch. I ran to the armory. Shortly everyone else met me there. 

“What the fuck are those?!” I asked. I was scared. 

“I don’t know but they’re not friendly.” You could feel the fear come from his words. He was our Captain and in charge of the whole thing. 

I grabbed the extra M-16 and met Wilson in the watch. I forgot to bring her a walkie talkie, by everyone grabbed one. 

“Secure the habitat. Do not let those things in.”

“Roger, Captain.”

Wilson saw everything on the cameras. Her eyes welled up with tears. We left the watch room and began to ensure the habitat was clear. 

Eventually it was clear. Alarms began to sound and red lights turned on. A robot voice came on.

“Damage to life-support. Critical. Please respond”

“Fuck!” Wilson shouted. We ran towards the galley, and out the porthole, they were ripping apart the life-support piping. 

“They’re intelligent” I radioed “They’re going to make us come out and fight them.”

We all met at that porthole. We knew the life support would last another 48 hours despite being cut off from creating more. The alarms were silenced, but the red lights were on. Wilson and I were assigned to go send a transmission.

The watch hatch was locked. Our Id’s and the pass code wouldn’t unlock it. No one else’s worked either. Every porthole you looked out, they were there. Just staring. Not even trying to break in. Just staring at us. They had monster claws, and could stand up like a bear. They had long hind legs, and long tails, with an arrow at the end. They were killing machines. They were everywhere. There were probably thousands out there. There had to be. 

“Get some sleep, Back” Wilson told me. 

Everyone just stood a post watch, while the Space Force guys attempted to hack open the watch door. The Watch computer was the only one synced up to send transmissions back home. 

“We’re going to die, aren’t we, Wilson?”

“Go to sleep”. I woke up to Wilson frantically shaking me. There was gunshots echoing down the hall. We heard alien screams. Lots of them. The gunfire ceased, around the corner came Captain. “Run!”

We broke towards the watch “The Watch room should be open!” Came over the radio. Wilson broke away, and I turned to cover Captain. They were surprisingly easy to take down. One to two bullets did the trick. But there were so many. When my rifle clicked empty, I turned and reloaded while running. One in the chamber. I swung around just to see Captain get slashed by ones front claws. I shot it. Captain was alive, he rolled over, whipped out his pistol and shot the horse coming towards us. He pulled the pin on his grenade too. 

I knew he was buying us time. I ran and we closed the watch door behind us. Then the grenade went off. 

The space Force guys were in their mini control center with the last sailor, and the other airmen. All our combat trained personnel were dead. They bought us time. The Watch computer was fucked. There was a damage somewhere. 

Hours and hours went by, it was determined there was damage to a line. They tried to pin point where it was. Wilson and I took turns falling asleep. It’s been 48 hours since we spoke with Houston. I’m not even sure how we could sleep. 

“Try the transmitter, FUCK THEY ARE COMING IN!”
The raido was keyed. There was mixture of our guys screaming, the aliens screaming, and gunfire. 

“We were wrong. Planet inhabited. Do not send rescue.”  I didn’t hit send yet. I was shocked at what I saw next. 

“Wilson. They’re prepping to launch our pod.” It was meant to go straight back to earth. They could fit a lot of them in there. They might be trying to invade Earth. They’re intelligent. Maybe they need more water. Maybe this was a colony that we awoke when we landed. 

Wilson spun me around, and kissed me. “Every since high school, I wanted to let you know I’ve always loved you.” She opened the hatch and ran outside towards the pod. I saw her shoot a few of the creatures. She lobbed a few grenades into the pod. The grenades were thrown back out. When they went off, I lost sight of her. The camera was damaged. But I knew she was likely dead. The hatch behind me busted open. Two of them were there. I shot one before they even saw me, the other lunged and I shot it in mid air. It’s tail went through my shoulder. I still managed to get to the hatch and close it again. I stumbled back to the computer. 

Enter. 