Gillette, that's what i called my cat not to be indecisive, it was my life. When my girlfriend broke my heart, when my life was as tough as a crypt, when the pain shed and my eyes wept, when there was no solace in the sept, i would find and run my fingers of sorrows across the furs of Gillette which gave me a sense of relief. It's soft skin, its moody behavior, its ninja eyes, its playful nature was never a less a kin for me. 

The day i broke up with Amy was no less then a living hell, her memories flashed right in front, the days we lived splashed up front, i was left with no one to confront. The words were harsh which she spoke this morning calling me names i was shocked and stuck in a moment's space as this was all too sudden for me to digest. she wanted to sway but i begged her to stay, she ripped my heart away i rigged the pieces into, she walked away with sway and i blinked away with tears.

Right here my only solace to the world was Gillette with whom i could talk to, share and have my endless thoughts. On a couch i was petting the cat all the way from its ninja eyes to its tiny tail, thinking of Amy and her tale in which i once played a part. Brisking its tail with me brinking into insanity i accidentally pulled its tail Mr.Gillette meowed in anger and in my hand was its tail with an USB connector at its end, i shared a moment of amusement and curiosity ached in every vein of mine. Connected it to the laptop and awaited with a curious mind in front of a computer screen waiting for it unwind. The window popped up saying,"software version outdated click to update!!". As i clicked the key for an update, the screen went blank, i sat with my eyes ogled to the screen and awaited with patience but now googled for this strange and their was nothing in the range of results i could find. With the hopeless sigh i left for a coffee and in a meantime i heard some voices and it was coming from my laptop i rushed and sat on the couch with a laptop facing me. The laptop yelled enter the Cat Version Name Please.!
As i entered Gillette it said welcome aboard please read the instructions before you proceed it read as:

1. Do not speak or do anything to alter anything 

I said cool and clicked enter and then i was asked to enter a date i wanted to go in and i entered a random digits and Mr.Gillette transformed and held my hands. In a meantime there was a splash of dust hovering us and we were thrown out like a pieces in air and i looked at Gillette it was like a mini robot with a red eyes and i was standing right in front of my home. I was amused, shocked and couldn't sustain the thoughts of what actually happened right in a time frame that was too short to imagine. I walked in my home for my shock and mirth i had actually time traveled along with Mr.Gillette i was in my old home with the old gold memories. Me playing with my toys, my mom in the kitchen and to my much delightful memories and my senses it was my dad who was in the garage working on his car, the reason i was too happy to see him was because he died in a car accident when i was too young. I just stayed around him watched him do his stuff this was my happiest day actually.
 
This day i entered the date 10-11-1991 i was sort off adjusted to the time world, i never spoke or did anything that would void me into entering the world. Less did i know of the consequences of altering or breaking the rules, it was a normal day i was watching my friend Peter and me play football and my mom cook my favorite dish. And my dad usually working on his car in a garage. I heard dad yelling i'll be going out for some work, i was watching him leave the house, less did i remember that this was last day of my dads life he was walking and stopped to get to the other end of the road as he was crossing to reach the shop, i saw him cross the road and with a bit ahead i saw a bus raving its speed on the road it dint take a minute for me to realize that its going to crash into my dad without any thinking in my head i screamed and yelled DAD.!!! he turned around and everything stopped, the cars, the bus, the whole world stopped. Realized a moments later that i broke the rule by speaking to a person in the past time dimension i'am stuck here with everything in the world just still and frozen in the time space. Its just like i'am stuck in the limbo walking up everyday to undo the mistake.