“Hey, buddy!” I shout. “Hey, Marco! You wanna grab lunch today?”
Marco Miranda is the youngest team member in our office, only 17 years old and fresh out of school. He is a little overdressed, as always, like he’s playing dress-up as some kind of old school Wall Street type. Suspenders, cuff links, brass rimmed glasses, a Patek Philippe watch and a montblanc pen tucked into a pocket protector. His yuppie Halloween costume. 
Here’s the thing - that’s a costume. But it’s not his only costume. 
Yesterday, he had called out sick - and I was the only one who knew why. I’d dropped by a comic book shop the other day to sell some of my old Dick Tracy comics which I was told would fetch a high price. The shop owner seemed to disagree, but I needed to get that stack of comics off my back so I gladly let him hand me an Andrew Jackson and headed for the door. 
“Hey!” shouted the shop owner, pizza stains on his white shirt, his stubble mixed with dirt and debris on his double chin.
“Hey, I think ya left something’ behind!”
I turned around. He held up a comic book I had never seen before. The title read: 

The Masked Mirror 

Amazing Flying Detective

I walked back towards him. He handed me the comic over he counter. I had never seen it before in my life, but I figured there wasn’t any reason not to take it with me. I thanked the store owner, rolled up the comic, and tucked it into my back pocket. 
I had forgotten about it until I was back home, sipping a cup of hot cocoa when I felt the comic nudging my backside. I picked it up and began reading. On the first page, I could not believe my eyes. There, on the front page - an illustration that looked just like him, watch, glasses, suspenders, and all. I began reading: 

BY DAY.... HE IS A YOUNG UPWARDLY MOBILE COMPANY MAN. A RISING STAR IN THE FINANCIAL SECTOR. 
HIS NAME BY DAY? 
MARCO MIRANDA. 
BUT BY NIGHT HE IS.... THE MASKED MIRROR. 
I flipped through the pages... shocked to see my name and likeness on a few of them. What was going on? 

It was then that I decided what I was going to do today. I was going to ask him to lunch and figure out was going on. I wouldn’t ask too directly, but this was surely worth knowing more about.

My co-worker, the superhero? I want in. 