In the beginning, the world ended. I'm not sure what happened, but I remember the white flash retreating from the prison cell, the world assembling itself from cinders into trees and houses. I was an old man back then, and as my flesh reformed, as the ash of my body became my body, I felt life coursing into me pulse by pulse. It feels good to be born.

My earliest memories were conversations about the crime. We had group therapy once a week with Doctor Norman, who was very fond of telling me that I had to look at my own "mental reflection."

"If you can see yourself," Doctor Norman said as he peered over his thick glasses, "You can see what you've done." But I was born knowing what I'd done.

In a prolonged manic episode, I had assassinated the president of the United States.

I had no memory of it. It hadn't happened yet for me. Doctor Norman was positive that I had blocked it out, that my experience of moving backwards in time and memory was a delusion to protect myself from the truth of my crime.

After Doctor Norman, there was Doctor Spender. I was younger, my hair returned, the air somehow cleaner and brighter. Spender was near retirement age but had the physique of a soldier, probably an homage to his years in the Marine Corps. He hated me, finding countless ways to blame the state of society on my crime. The president had been a personal hero for him, a political savior. Every time there was a nuclear standoff with some foreign power, he laid it squarely at my feet. To other prisoners he would say, "Hey, at least you're not like this guy, the world destroyer."

I did more than therapy, of course. I worked out constantly, and kept getting smaller. I made lots of friends, and watched them grow younger, year by year. Other inmates usually wanted to know me, because my circumstances were so strange - assassinated the president, held in mental hospital for years, transferred to federal prison. 

"Bro," Nelson said, "I can't believe they didn't just fry your ass. Like in some super max or something." 

I shrugged. "Just crazy and lucky, I guess."

He regarded me carefully as he would for all the years we were cellmates, those dark eyes probing my face. "I don't get it, man," he said. "You don't seem like no big-time assassin to me. Did you train or something?"

"Just got lucky, I suppose." 

"Sure," he said with shrug. "Lucky."

Over time, my crime became fresher and more sensational. As I grew younger, the inmates grew more curious. Some of them wanted to fight me, but most of them wanted to be close to me and ask questions.  I was open about how I moved through time, and most of them didn't believe a word of it.

Nelson thought I was nuts, because he wanted me to spoil *Game of Thrones* for him. I couldn't do it. Something about the world kept me from revealing too much of my memories, as though I were reading from some unconscious script.

A month after my incarceration, I found myself in a neck brace. They told me I had broken it in the hospital, trying to escape. Two vertebrae replaced. Around this time, I began to have dreams of the shot, and could feel the weight of the rifle in my hands. All at once, I remembered my skill, the patience of it, the compensations for windage and curvature of the earth.

Two days after my incarceration, I met Nelson. He sized me up, and I smiled. I had known him for twenty years, and waited eagerly for this moment. "Well," I said.

"Well?" young Nelson said, crossing his arms.

"Here we are."

He shrugged, his dark eyes examining my face. "Yeah. For a long, long time."

I laughed.  "What's so funny?" he asked.

"My time is just beginning," I said. "And it's coming to an end."

Suddenly, I was in the hospital. I didn't have the neck brace yet. And I understood all at once what it meant, who I was, and what had happened.

I sat at a table in a windowless room. The light was ash-colored, like the light on a snowy day. Across from me were two men, a scientist named Arthur Petitfrere and an intelligence officer named Sam. "The procedure is simple," Arthur said, "but it *is* invasive. Your neck and head will be immobilized for several weeks."

"I understand," I said, astonished that I did.

"After this," Sam said, "he'll travel through time?"

Arthur slowly shook his head. "Not exactly," he said. "The procedure will alter his relationship with the sequence of time. His consciousness will travel through time ... in a way. He will remember things backwards, so the future will be the past for him."

"So he'll be able to tell us the consequences of events if need be. Is that right?"

Arthur nodded. "Quite right."

"Hang on," I said. "Does this mean I can change the past? Or the future?"

"Not physically," Arthur replied. "You will do what you have always done. But we've prepared a breakpoint."

"What does that mean?"

They looked at each other. "Precisely two months before the event, at noon, you are to report to the customs building in Baltimore. Tell reception that you are there to see about *totem.* Can you remember that?"

"Baltimore customs, two months prior, noon, totem. Got it."

Sam nodded, satisfied. "At the point, we'll administer the breakpoint," Arthur said. "This will bring your consciousness back into parity. At that point, you can tell us what you've learned. And you'll start moving forward in time again."

"So I might have to assassinate him again? And go back to prison *again*?"

Sam placed a hand on my shoulder. "You knew the cost, soldier. We all did. And you've done your country a great service. That bastard had his finger on the button and was ready to end us all."

I looked at both of them stoically, unsure of past or present. I wanted to tell them that the procedure would be a success, but I couldn't. "How much time do you think I bought us?" I asked. "The world, I mean."

Sam shrugged. "Who knows. Ten, twenty, maybe a hundred. We are beset on all sides by enemies of the republic. But you bought us today, son. That's enough."

They put me into shackles, led me out of the hospital, and put me on a prison bus with a large escort force. There was even a helicopter. The bus drove backwards into the city, where I was held in a jail and interrogated by some angry deputies.

Then the arrest, me on my knees, the beating.

Then the night I ran, and the day returning, and the window. The motorcade had stopped, and everywhere, dark suits were rushing to cover the president. The .50 caliber round was armor-piercing, and punched neatly through the back window of the sedan, then through the president. 

Then the round returned to my weapon, and the weapon to my shoulder. It had just begun to sleet, and the shot was already ridiculous. The past and future fell away from me, and there was only this moment. The rifle settled against my shoulder steady as an egg in a nest, and I took a breath.

--

^r/AudibleGrin


