“*I* didn’t want to do it. But you were all like, nah, you’re just being a wimp, humans don’t really exist!”

“Shhh! It’s right outside. Lurking around…it makes me feel dirty to be in the same house as one. What do you think it smells like?”

“I don’t know, why don’t you go ask it?”

“Shut up, Kevin! You do it!”

The bathroom door opened slowly and I saw three pairs of glowing green eyes peek through the crack. 

“It looks tame,” one of them said. It sounded like two females and a male.

“Yeah, yeah, I don’t bite. You come out whenever you feel like it,” I said. They screamed and slammed the door. “You know, I was enjoying a nice evening at home, was gonna hang out with some friends later and watch *Ghostbusters*…”

I covered my mouth. “Shit. That’s not what you think…they just capture the ghosts; it’s a movie. All special effects. ”

“Disgusting. The night I find out humans are real, I also find out they watch films about enslaving us for fun. How can you live with yourself?”

“I don’t know, man. In fact, I’m beginning to suspect that I’m dead.”

“You’re not transparent, dipshit.”

I heard a deep sigh from inside the bathroom. “Cynthia, be nice!”

“I’m not gonna be nice to a wobbly, flesh-covered freak!”

“Well, then, you’re just as bad as him and his movies.”

I heard a collective sigh from the ghosts. They passed through the doorway and glanced at me. Each was clearly a teenager. 

I looked them over, up and down. Dressed just like average American adolescents. Their surroundings were simple and furnished similarly to a typical urban apartment, with just enough otherworldly glow and ectoplasm residue to prove that I’d passed into some other dimension. “This might come across as insensitive, but were you…humans in the past?”

“What?” One of the girls shook her head in disdain. “What a ridiculous assumption.”

“You must have been. Ghosts aren’t just ‘born.’”

“I don’t think…I mean, come on, that’s just…” She shook her head and I saw her pale white eyebrows furrow in confusion. “…All I know is that I showed up here with these two and we’ve never gone anywhere else.”

“Well, in that case, I—“

As soon as I uttered the beginning of the sentence, I popped back into my living room.

*

Back in the ghost dimension, Kevin had given the Ouija board another command – S-E-N-D-I-T-H-O-M-E.

“Kevin, what is WRONG with you?”

“I don’t want to get preached at by some being from another place. He doesn’t know what life is like for us.”

“But he could be the key to understanding where we came from! Why we’re here! Don’t you want to know?”

Kevin frowned. “No.” He threw the Ouija board into the fireplace, watching it become enveloped by otherworldly flames.

*

I sat in my living room, staring at the ceiling. I felt as though I’d seen something never meant to be seen, and wondered if the ghosts felt the same way. 

I considered summoning them with a board of my own, but it didn't seem right.

The dead are meant to rest in peace, and the living cannot live in peace with knowledge of things we don't understand.

***

/r/GigaWrites
