I must have looked pretty shady, but everyone does in this neighborhood. So nobody even questioned or made a second glass as I walked through to the backyard of the suburban two flat. 

I read the note again "he always leaves the back window unlocked, we took care of the dog"

Whew, good, I hate dogs. 

I moved right in to the wooden porch over looking a huge backyard sprinkled with various toys that were never cleaned up

"Oh shit Little Jimmy has a kid?" I whispered to myself as I fumbled with the window. I never remembed Little Jimmy having one while he was with the Sardinos, but life can move fast I guess. 

I slipped through the window and into a lavish kitchen. A little too lavish for what I knew about Little Jimmy, but maybe his wife whipped that outta him.

I made a quick check through the house, every room with the fanciest appliance or furnishing you could think off, and I dialed the Bosses number.

"Are you in" he said gruffly

"Yeah, Little Jimmy got straighted up"

"Dont matta now, you know what to do. Even if his family is there, hes gotta pay"

He hung up. But my mind kept wondering. Something seemed strange. I went up stairs a bit more sliently, since I didnt know if anyone was up there, and poked around more. 

I walked quietly into the master bedroom, silk sheeted king sized bed engulfing the room which was 40 times bigger than my apartment. He really was living large.

I checked the room across the hall, a pink room filled with cartoon character plushies, and drawings of animals scribbled in crayon. 

"I hope shes at a slumber party or something" I said to myself.

All the sudden *DOOF* I hear the front door open downstairs and the shuffle of footsteps.

"Ah fuck, they arent supposed to be home yet"

I frantically look around the room for a place to hide, and seeing nowhere good. I slid underneath the bed, hiding under the pink blankets that extended over the bed. 

The house was of course, huge, yet I could hear the family talking as if they were in the room with me and the stuffed German Sheppard that was under the bed as well

"Im so sorry you're tired sweetie, did the movie make you sleepy?" A womans voice said softly

"Yeah" a little girls voice said

"Aw sweetie, im glad we left early, you get a good nights sleep, Ill tuck you in in a second" said a voice that was totally not Little Jimmy.

"Who the fuck..." I said as I double checked the address on my phone. 143 West 56th Street is definitely where I was at.

I punched in the address to my phone. The gps pin flew a bit down the block.

"What in the hell"

I didnt have much more time mumble to myself because little footsteps were tap tap taping against the wood stairs, getting ever so louder. 

Every tap driving home that I have 5 counts of murder, 6 armed robberies, 3 assaults, and a very long time in jail if I get caught. 

The door opened, and the thud of the plop on the bed echoed the weight on top of me. Im not sure how much time passed, but it felt like days. The rest of the house filled with a movie whoever was downstairs was watching.

Yeah... filled the house, like, theres no way this girls falling asleep. Do I shoot my way out? Do I just run? Whaaat do I...

"Wait" said that evil, childs voice "wheres Mr.Snuffles".

I looked at the stuffed dog next to me, beady dark eyes staring into the void. Please do not be Mr.Snuffles.

I won the worlds worst game show because sure enough, the light filled the underside of the bed. And that blonde pigtailed girl who looked no older than 7 screamed worse than any murder victim Id ever laid my knife on. She turned and ran as fast as her little legs could go. 

I raced after her, originally to kill her, but I had enough things to worry about. At the bottom of the stairs, she went left into the living room, I went right towards the kitchen. I kicked open the door to the patio, just over hearing the girl tell whoever that there was a mobster under her bed, and I ran out into the night.

I didnt know what I was going to tell the boss. But between being ratted out by a stuffed dog and not knowing how to use a GPS, I knew he wasnt gonna be happy with me.    