*God I hate him.*

Of course, the “*most brilliant mind of our time*” is a complete moron. And his name is Jerry. First, He radicalized the historical record by developing a device for reading micro impressions left on malleable mediums. Delivered the speech about it via recordings he left on play-doh figures *of himself talking*. Believing it to be a joke, everyone considered walking out, until he played the Rosetta Stone like a record on a turn table, and got *15 more languages* out of it. The worst part? He calls it the *”Historical Record...Player”* because it plays the...wait for it... historical records. I hate him.

Not 2 years later, he almost magically discovers time travel. He’s every archeologist’s hero, the dream, Indiana Jones meets H.G. Wells meets Jules Verne.

Just before the greatest dig of my life... the dig that would have launched my career into the upper echelons of history, I spoke out against him. His unprofessionalism, cavalier attitudes, and the immense irresponsibilities and liberties used when time traveling, his trash is littering the historical record... he disappeared. Assumed he died talking selfies with dinosaurs, he was treated as passed on.

Onto my dig: the oldest surviving pottery ever discovered, containing ornate figures only I could have ever deciphered, falls into my lap. It was like a time capsule, with an edible honey sample, early paper with early language written on it, and beautiful decorations inlaid. The honey tasted incredible, as the glyphs has predicted the eternal shelf life of honey, it welcomed a try. After analyzing it all, and having carbon dating confirmed everything, we played it on the Historical Record...Player. Genuine conversation was held between the craftsman and a companion. Revelations into life we had never seen before came to life, when suddenly the record appeared to scratch. There was a blast of sound, and a commotion, followed by what appeared to be someone smoothing the situation over.

Then a new speaker began, and I felt my life fall to pieces. Every dig of my career was a sham. All placed by Jerry with the soul purpose of guiding me to this point. He made the jar. All these pieces of history were from his private collection, and were allowed to age for millennia. He spoke of every detail, as he was responsible for it.

Jerry told me I never should have spoken against him. He put his dick in the honey I ate.

*God I hate him.*