RAW

****
He clenched his hands together in prayer but also around something small in his palms. Tears stained his cheeks as his ematiated form leaned against the wall. Faceless inhabitants slowly walked by blind to him. Completely ignoring his pitiful state. Deaf to his sobs and mewls.

With a haggard exhale, a true death rattle, hands parted and down fell two white, speckled cubes. Disappearing before they hit the sidewalk.

Austin died. An out of place cannon began to fade beside him. Austin's death was that simple after he mortgaged all his properties and insideous debt took root.

All the while he begged. Begged for any chance at staying in the game. Begged not to starve.

Begged for a way out of Monopoly.

I didn't know until the dice manifested beside my bunk. Clattering as they hit the floor. I wiped my face slowly as I sat up to stare at them. Austin's properties would return to the market. None of them completed anyone's Monopoly, so I was in no rush to get them.

Another soul lost to one of The Games.

----

The Games' advent was treated like a second coming for reality TV. Survivor, Hells Kitchen, whatever- those shows didn't have shit on Mousetrap.

Others liked the adventure of Settlers of Catan. Throwing themselves into the wilderness. It was easy when you were a hivemind. No one was stifled and choked out. They just had less in the end.

Chess was delightfully brief though gory. It was banned from play, locked up in some vault. The rest devolved into gambling on the rolls for victory. Few had morbid consequences. Games were tame things. So many were on MTV2, NatGeo, and History channel.

Every single game seemed to have one of these cursed recreations. I didn't care where they came from, but there was one I knew I needed.

It had taken quite a while to track down. Longer still to get the owner to let me 'borrow' it.

----

I held the dice and thought. It wasn't easy to have Austin's death on my hands but he'd earned it well enough. I steadied my resolve in a few breaths and in the memories of him that darkened my mind.

I rolled the dice between my fingers and palm, returning to the moment. Your turn was important. It was the only time you could buy property. But that wasn't my concern. I had secured victory long ago.

The rest was fallout.

As I rolled I was quick to pick the dice back up, ensuring my turn ended on my terms. I left my cabin as it shuddered with motion.

I slowly took the corner around the jail in the corner of town. Laura screamed at me as she shook the bars on the prison window. It was gutwrenching to see her. Misery sat heavily on my chest. She was a disheveled mess, her mascara long since worn away and her aiburn hair was a mess. Her iron was confiscated pending her release. I gave her a wave from behind the wheel as I slid by, feigning indifference.

Asphalt sparked and erupted behind my battleship in chunks. As it came to halt in one of my neighborhoods I climbed to the to of the crow'snest to look out other the grid.

Only three left: myself, Laura, and Joshua.There was five to start. I'd been careful not to let anyone have the car token.

Laura would most likely be last. Prison meant she wasn't bleeding money as she circled the board. But her assets were frozen.

Joshua managed to get two monopolies. He was shuffling those properties in and out of mortgage so I knew he was close to breaking. Still, Josh was tenacious. He'd give me the finger with a thimble on the tip when I chugged past. His resentful and tired eyes kept me going. Josh had tried to climb aboard my ship and beat me to death but -funnily enough- Monopoly was a civilized game. Players couldn't harm one another. Just their wallets. It still took the better part of a day to disentangle from him the first time we landed on the same square.

Still, Joshua was my greatest threat which made sense. He had undermined my marriage to Laura. I couldn't blame him entirely, Laura was a grown-ass woman and made up her own mind in the end. Josh just rubbed me wrong in his attacks on my earning power with my Arts degree and his brand name style. That and fucking my wife as soon as divorce papers got passed. The icing being he was gone after that, apparently only seeking conquest. The asshole.

It was bitter irony that the three of us remained.

It had been rough at first for me. The moment they're realized they were entrapped in the game they turned on me and worked together. The voodoo of the game was simple enough: last person to touch a token was a player. That had taken two years. So when I rolled the dice they manifested in the familiar 1920's themed town with me.

Jolene had gone rather quickly, buying whatever she landed on. Especially the expensive properties. She bankrupted fast. Laura had given her a few properties to hold on, it only set her back. Jolene just didn't control her budget not did and know the game well. I could only imagine what that annoying debutante did to get her last property off Austin. She lost it before she could pass Go. Then starved. Her distended body in the gutter on Ventnor Ave. I hated seeing it. A horrible reminder of where I was headed in the real world.

The finer point of Monopoly wasn't in buying all the land. Land was hard to connect and create a monopoly without deals. Fools aimed for Boardwalk and Park Place. Idiots wanted the utilities.

I'd played the numbers game, aiming at monopolies in the light blue through red regions though I did end up with the greens. I sold the most expensive two when I tied up construction. 

Thirty-two. Only a measly 32 houses and the game went by the original rules. 4 per property to get a hotel. I had tied up the market and played the slow game of only expanding when I could get the houses back.

Winning was inevitable. So I dropped the dice and watched them fade away as they fell. It was  awhile until Joshua walked by, unable to stop on anything but his square. He threw insults and rude gestures but I merely twirled my monocle from my high perch. My nonchalance earned me a burning glare.

I didn't care, I was untouchable. In real life the rules didn't have to be followed. Being broke was a death sentence outside the game. It just took longer and took more than your life. I had a grim satisfaction that I could succeed, especially in the face of those who doubted me most. Who hurt me the most.

But they were a symptom, not the cause. Sucked up into the advertisements that preyed on their insecurities. Promising joy and giving it if they bought in enough. Never scratching at the band-aid it put over the Lack in all of us. Anything to avoid that painful buyer's remorse. Anything to hold up the lie and avoid looking in.

Watching them succumb to a rigged-game of capitalism hurt. Having them turn on me in it's defense hurt more. So I had to show them my favorite game about it.

I was already planning my next game of Monopoly -probably with my college's illustrious dean- idly wiping then replacing my monocle. Joshua didn't land on anything of note so I  climbed down and into the hold where I Scrooge McDuck-dove into my colorful money with all the glee of a corpse. I stared up at the bulkhead and just layed there.

I loved Monopoly.

Yet, like any ture capitalist, I was empty inside.


-----

Edit: Formatting. Spelling. General suck at grammar/writing.