Well, I mean, it wasn't my fault to become famous, but at the end I was good at it.

After all, I was bored and needed to do something for sometime until the typical theories of "Is Thomas Parker immortal? * with proofs *" or "Is Thomas Parker a time traveler? * Real photos *" started to go through the internet.

I had the chance to avoid it, but all those boring years of being "hidden" finally had to be over.

So when I first begun to be "famous" I decided that it would be fun to just become more and more famous and then, as a great icon of times, just "die" in a way that would be in everyone's memories forever.

The council hates me, yeah, but I think they're just jealous that they can't do what I'm doing because they "sworn to be hidden" and they would be hated too.

I mean, I didn't asked to be inmortal, so why shouldn't I be able to enjoy it?

And well, it's kinda funny the reason why I'm famous. It's not something everyone would have thought of like, 30 years ago.

So I walked through the corridor of  a really tall building, going to the roof, with everyone expecting to see me on the ultra big plasma screens, not knowing that this would be my "last" day.

The council said they would get me today. That it wouldn't matter the moment. So I made them part of my plan.

So as I started with the concert, everyone screamed with emotion and then shouting, creating a great chorus just saying my name.

At the middle of the concert, they appeared, the council got me and everything was being shown on the plasma screens.

As they approached, I said with a voice that denoted that I totally knew what was happening "This is it everyone, they got me and you'll never see me again! This really was a time to remember! Goodbye!!"

Later that night, I was getting scolded by the council and I got a punishment of 100 years living in their headquarters.

Pretty much with a normal life, with 3 meals a day, internet, television, everything normal to do for 100 years, just going out to the world only one day every certain amount of time.

The council members continuously ask why did I accepted to become famous, because the way I did it... Well, let's just say it doesn't makes sense.

And I just answer by saying:

Who else has the chance to become famous for playing the air guitar?