I’ve seen the unseen and known the unknown  for so long life had gotten rather boring.  I’d discovered the dangers of using my gifts when I was a child so I had taken to concealing them.  When I graduated college with my degree in physics I’d joined, on a lark, the skeptics society.  If only they’d known.

Well, now I’m a pretty well known debunker of psychic phenomena.  It’s pretty easy when you can read their minds.  It’s not as hypocritical as you might think, so stop judging me Eric in Wisconsin.  I have never met anyone else that has  even the slightest hint of the gift.

Three psychics were invited to participate at the Carllingon Mansion, a supposedly haunted mansion where Ashley Carllington was murdered three years ago.  You might remember her as she dominated the news cycle for weeks.  She was a pretty famous rising actress, helped along by her billionaire father’s money I’m sure.

As I stepped before the cameras on live tv, a first for me, Craig Lawson’s handsome face met mine as he introduced me to the world.  He then introduced  the three supposed  psychics.  Two women were standing there along with a man.  The man and one of the women were cold-reading fraudsters and the final woman was just bat shit crazy.   I was formulating how to expose them in the most dramatic fashion when Ashley Carllington walked out in her bloody lingerie.  I looked at everyone and then back at her, mouth ajar because by skimming everyone’s thoughts I knew I was the only one seeing her.  Was I crazy?

“You can see me!”  She ran at me so quickly I flinched, but in true ghost fashion her hand passed through me.  Her touch was cold as the grave to me.  Fitting I might add.   No one seemed to notice my odd behavior.

“Listen,” she said, practically shouting at me, “He killed me, the fucker.”  She pointed at Craig Lawson.

She had to be shitting me.   I had so many questions but had to pretend to ignore her.  If I responded I'd come across as insane on live tv.

“Please,” she told me, tears pouring from her eyes, “We were hiding our relationship.  I told him I was pregnant and he wanted me to abort it but I told him no.  Then he pulled out the knife.”

I looked at Craig and dove into his memories.  I saw this murder.  Then I saw the other murders.  I saw his plans to murder another mistress soon.  The man was a monster.

“So,”. He had turned back to me and asked jovially, “ What do you think of our group of psychics?”

“Fraud, fraud,” I pointed to the man and woman then to the final lady, “ Crazy as a loon.  But what about you, Craig?”

“What about me?” He asked laughingly.  I could see in his mind he thought this was part of my shtick.

“You killed Elizabeth Shaw, your sisters best friend when you were only 13 after she caught you masturbating,” I announced theatrically.  If I was going to do this I might as well make it memorable,  “Strangled her to death.  Nasty business in more ways than one.  I count eight murders, Mr. Lawson.  Shall I go over them one by one, in detail?  Of course the reason we're here is your most famous victim, Ashley Carllington.  She was with child too.”

“How the fuck do you know that?” He looked at me and asked on live tv.  His face was filled with a primal fear.

“Because I AM psychic, you fuck wit,” I declared.  

You know the rest.  The trial, the call of witnesses, the confession, and the approaching execution.  You also now know how and why I got so famous.  I’d ask if you have any questions.  But I know you do.  After all, I am psychic.