"How have you been Gabriel."

"Blessed."

Gabriel shifted uncomfortably in his seat and eyeing the sketchy patrons of the unsavory hole in the wall that he found himself in.

"Why do you always pick the unholiest of places to have our meetings."

Lucifer held up up one finger. 

"One. You're not going to run into any other angels in a place like this."

Lucifer held up another finger.

"Two. No ones going to listen to two guys talking over a pair of drinks. Three, no ones going to believe anything two guys are saying over a pair of drinks. Four, no ones going to believe anything someone overheard two guys saying over a pair of drinks."

"Five," Lucifer splayed all five fingers before wrapping his hand around his mug and taking a swig. "This place has the best stout in the multi-universe."

Lucifer licked his lips, "I might just get the bartender to sell her soul to me. Got to lock that talent in early."

"Humans who sell their soul to you end up unable to experience eternal happiness."

"Are you going to bring up the tree couple again? I told you if they had specified that they wanted to be  both together forever AND be sentient at the same time I would have flat out refused to help them."

"I was referring to the fact that they don't get to go to heaven."

"That's not really a loss."

"I know we don't always see eye to eye Lucifer, but you can't deny that having eternal happiness is what is best for humans."

"I'm not going back to heaven Gabriel. You need to accept that." 

Lucifer took another swig and looked at his reflection in the mug before looking back at his  friend. 

"I'm guessing you have a problem you want to talk about."

"Ah yes." Gabriel looked down at the mug in front of him but didn't touch it. "I really appreciated your help with the Ten Commandments. You managed to do in a hour what all the brightest minds in heaven couldn't do for thousands of years of human existence."

"You flatter me, I just helped you brainstorm ideas. What's the problem this time."

"Adam and Eve stopped laughing."

"Oh?"

"Don't get me wrong. They're still happy and they smile. They're just don't seem to be as happy as they used to be."

"Eternal bliss can get quite bland." Lucifer motioned the bartender to give him another another mug. "What steps have you taken so far."

"We sent out a survey to everyone in heaven. 100% response rate."

"Well look at you. Don't even need my help."

"Everyone rated their experience 10/10 and left the recommendation section blank."

"Oh, I see your problem."

Gabriel materialized a pen and a small notebook. "I was hoping you could give me some pointers."

Lucifer opened his mouth to speak, but Gabriel cut him off.

"Also playing with human nature and free will are out of the question."

Lucifer closed his mouth and though for a few more moments.

"One of your problems is the large influx of humans into heaven. Before God used to be all fire and brimstone and only trickle of humans got into heaven.  Now he rebranded to be all about love and forgiveness so virtually every human gets into heaven. If the angel bureaucracy is still anything like it was when I left it can't handle the sheer number of different cultures and unique ideologies each human has. I'm guessing a bunch of your proposed projects are still sitting around needing master plan approval."

Gabriel nodded and wrote in his notebook. "It's been like that ever since project strawman. God dedicated most of us to the project. I even had to spend a millennia teaching a group of angels how to sing." Gabriel stopped writing and motioned Lucifer to continue. "How did you handle the masses that got sent to Hell pre-crucification?"

"Self governance."

"Are you out of your mind!" Gabriel yelled before regaining his composure. "Just look at Earth's history, human self governance always ends up with misuse of power."

"You would be surprised how well they work together once I eliminated like hunger and poverty. I also step in now and again to lay down to law, but it freed up a lot of my time while keeping them fairly preoccupied and happy. Besides I have a friend in a high place who could convince God to rewind time a few decades if anything went wrong." Lucifer winked at Gabriel.  "To be honest though, the real reason I did it was because I didn't want to deal with idiots who kept petitioning to have pumpkins be the official vegetable of Hell."

"I appreciate your advice. But at this time, I don't want to take any action that is too..." Gabriel paused to find the right word, "drastic. I was hoping to borrow one of your more simpler ideas. I heard fire pits are quite popular in hell. Especially the ones involving lava and steaming water."

Lucifer drink was forcefully ejected from his nostrils as he started laughing. "They're hot springs. The fire and lava are just their to heat the water. Please don't install actual fire puts in heaven. "

"Oh." Gabriel crossed out something in his notebook.

Lucifer finished his stout and slammed a 20 dollar bill on to the counter. "Give me a day or two and I'll think up a few ideas."

"Do you want anything in return." Gabriel asked as Lucifer stood up. 

Lucifer smiled as he turned to leave. "trying some of that stout would be a good place to start."