I woke to the sound of my phone ringing insistently, the sound muffled and distant. I glanced bleary eyes at the clock. 8:24. That's all it took to wake me all the way up, the adrenaline immediately bringing me to a state of total wakefulness. As I scrambled for the phone I knew that it would be Mr. Hinkins. The last time I was late he told me it would *be* the last day I was late.

"Hello?" I said, hoping against hope it was Teddy telling me to hurry my ass up before anyone noticed.

"Frank." Shit. Hinkins. "I'm afraid that since you refuse to follow rules, you should not bother coming in any longer. Your personal things will be waiting for you at the security desk."

And with that he hung up, not even allowing me time for a response. Great. Just great.

I got up and headed to the bathroom, deciding that I should do my morning ablutions and shower anyway. I'd need to be getting a job and soon. I was already on thin ice with the landlord. We'd partied a bit too hard the previous night and he'd gotten more than a few calls from the other tenants. I would deal with that little wrinkle when it came up.

I stood in the shower letting the steaming water cascade over my head when I noticed for the first time the number. 7212? I shook the water out of my eyes and looked again. 7212. Huh. I'll be damned. As badly as the day had started, I couldn't help but be optimistic about what was to come. Whistling, I stepped out.

When I woke I was in an ambulance, the EMTs looking almost bored as they went through the motions.

"Wha happend?" I managed to say, although I'm not sure the words came out completely correct.

"Sir," said one of the EMTs, looking up from his phone, "you fell and hit your head. Had it not been for a Miss (he looked at a clipboard) Jay-nuss, you might have died." He yawned. "We're going through concussion protocol and stuff, but you're going to be fine."

"Sharon was here?" We'd had a small-ish argument last night and she'd refused to stay over. God I loved that girl. She was way too good to me and for me. "Is she meeting me at the hospital?"

The EMTs exchanged looks. "Nah, man," said the one with the phone, the first hint of emotion he'd shown, "but she said to give you this."

Her key.

As they wheeled me into the hospital, I tried to stay focused. 7212. 7-fucking-212. Something had to go right today, I thought, and whatever it is must be huge!

I was only there for a couple hours before they let me go. And by let me go I mean they gave me everything I came in with, which was my phone and nothing else. I laughed when I saw the screen on my phone had shattered into a thousand tiny pieces. I also had no clothes except the hospital gown. I tried to call some friends to get some clothes and pick me up, but nobody answered. Deep breaths, I told myself. 7212. 7212. I repeated this to myself like a mantra of hope.

"I can give you a ride." 

I turned to see a small woman with a short pixie haircut. Her hair was a bright orange. She was wearing hospital scrubs, blue with little yellow ducks on them.

"What?" I asked, as if I hadn't heard her correctly.

"I noticed," she said, "that you needed a ride. I can give you one if you need it."

This was it, I thought. This was why the 7212. I could feel it. 

"That would be awesome! It would be nice to put pants on again!" I smiled. 

"Well," she said, smiling back, "my boyfriend just got off his shift so we'll give you a ride."

My heart sank. Boyfriend. To top it off, it was the bored EMT. The impossibly handsome EMT. She kissed him warmly - and a little too long as he stared at me over her shoulder - and then they took me home. I actually laughed when I saw the envelope that had been slipped under the door. It seems the landlord had had enough and someone had done some damage to the laundry room. I had 30 days to vacate.

7212. 7212. 7.2.1.2.

The rest of the night went uneventful. Well, uneventful considering the rest of the day. I made mac & cheese for dinner since I had nothing else and didn't want to go out. I watched the numbers being pulled on the lottery and thought, "This has to be it!" but no. I didn't match a number. I watched TV for a couple hours and waited for the news to pop up about something momentous. I waited for my phone to ring but it never did. (Was it completely broken or just the screen?)

Finally, I gave up and went to bed. Why the hell would I have wanted to replay this day even once, let alone 7212 in a row? I had to chuckle at this. Was my past self playing a joke on my future self? Well, this little joke ends tonight. The query floated in my vision: Replay? Yes / No. I reached for the no and the screen shifted. Not a lot, just a little. Enough. The Yes glowed green. I fell asleep laughing.