All of these people around me.  Each of their faces watching my face like they want to pry it open and take a look inside.  It makes me feel so small and uncomfortable.  Who do they think they are?  This is my family.  I was just hanging on the couch doing my own thing when they all walked in.  They made it a point to surround me.  I swear they planned this.  Here it comes; this is it, the intervention.  They think I drink too much.  Where the hell do they think I got it from? Like father like son, right?  Better yet, he bought me my first bottle!  It wasn’t anything special.  But from the first time it touched my lips, I knew it was for me.  The way it left them tingling. It’s warm touch that starts in your throat, and takes b-lines down your esophagus to do a cannonball splash in your stomach.  I took my time on that first bottle, but you better believe I finished it. That was months ago.

                Did I really develop an addiction? Nah, I’m not addicted. I’m not dependant either. Now, I know what you’re thinking.  You think I’m in denial.  You know what they say, “The first step is admitting you have a problem.”   I’ll agree I have been drinking more lately, I get that.  But guess what you ignoramus?  So does everyone else my age.  Let me be.  My experiments shouldn’t affect you.   Is it the way it looks?  The way I take that bottle and throw it up?  Tossing it back with two hands to the point it’s nearly violent?  I’m just trying to get the point across; I like to hit the bottle.  I even do it in the car.  *Gasps*.. Oh relax, I don’t drive.  Not yet at least.  Funny story about that one, my Mom taught me and still lets me do it in the car.  I use to hate car rides.  The longer the ride, the worse I acted up.  Sometimes her face looked as if she wanted to tear each and every hair particle from her scalp to shove them in my mouth just to shut me up.  That was, until she figured it out.   All it took was me sipping some of that goodness and I shut right up. A slight miracle happens when I get that taste, serotonin does it job instantaneously; putting me in my happy place.

 I suppose I can pin point when they really started to worry.  It began when I was waking up in the middle of the night.  I tried so hard to go back to sleep like the rest of the world.  I promise, I always gave my best effort, but it would haunt me like ghosts in the night.  And these ghosts, they don’t shut up.  There’s only one thing I could think of to shut my mind off and let me get some sleep for the next day.  I knew it was a bad idea.  I didn’t want to wake my parents, either.   Between the ghosts, the stupid light in the hallway, and the booming sound of a ticking clock; I exploded with a scream.  That frustration just builds and builds until I become so angry that I just need to hit that bottle some more to get some rest.  This happens nearly every night.  I know it’s not the healthiest lifestyle, but I do need sleep to live.

Is it because I don’t have a job?  Is it because I don’t go to school?  Is it because I stumble around throughout my days holding onto whatever I can to keep me upright?  Is it because the other day I drank so much I piss and shit myself?   Let me help you deal with these nuances.  Look, I can assure you it’s not because I drink from the bottle.  I could put it in a cup, but I’d probably just make a mess.  Besides, that’s too much work.   I’m not lazy.  I’m actually very busy if I’m not sleeping.  I’m busy learning, figuring things out.  These things need time.  I spend a lot of time people watching, that’s a majority of my studies.  In fact, this intervention they are trying to give me right now is doing me no good.  How am I supposed to learn when they are treating me as such? It pierces my heart and soul that they are trying to take the one thing I’ve put the most of my time into.  The one thing I’ve gotten down pat.  The one thing that shuts me up, that lets me sleep, the thing that keeps me going.   I really want to make my parents happy.  So when is too much too much?  I like to think if you can’t have enough, you can never have too much.  But you all need to relax; I’m just a baby that loves his bottle.