Jim wished his wife would turn off the tv and hold the flashlight for him. The old man would die just fine without her, but the farm was still rocking on the edge of non\-existence, and a new washing machine would only deepen the wobble. He made as much noise as he could, but she only ignored him harder; so he gave it one last good whack with his wrench and gave up. There was no telling why the machine had stopped, but it was a problem for the weekend.

The next morning, he had to call Rob out to work on the tractor. The old mechanic treated him with a new story between the usual ones. “I hit a deer this morning,” Rob said with a face buried in the engine. “Freak accident, it had a light stripe down its belly and looked like part of the road.” He clenched his toothpick between his teeth, blew the dust out of something small, and started the machine up. “That’ll teach me to not pay attention driving down the five.” Jim was glad for the help and grateful for the quiet after he was gone.

Jim didn’t need the world for three more weeks. On a Thursday he woke up to stalks of corn lying horizontal in the fields. Shucking an ear showed him grubs. The farm wasn’t small, it was easy to miss a row with the bug spray. He called Kyle at the co\-op for help, but all he could offer was a consultation with Dwayne at the Bureau. Jim didn’t bother writing down the number. Even if he could afford a spell, by the time the paperwork went through the damage would be done.

He spent dinner that night chewing his chicken through a grim frown, punching numbers into his budget app. Terri wrote a cuss word on her plate with peas to cheer him up, but after all she got for it was a polite snort through the nose she let him be. It was well past dark when he leaned back in his chair and laced his fingers behind his neck. She stood behind him and scratched his head through the hair. Together they listened to the house moan.

“Did Jacob pass this time?” He asked.

She paused, then laughed. “Jacob,” she said. “Sure, last month. I forgot you were out in the fields all day for that.”

“Did the sky fall down?”

“Just a Circle somewhere in England. It was a Coven spot or something back when King Arthur was running around.”

“So much for the preppers."

"It's Y2K all over again," she said. He smiled, though not with his eyes. 

"I really thought he'd last forever," he said. "I guess everyone’s luck runs out eventually.” He reached for her and stroked her hand.

She pecked the top of his head to let him know she was too busy for that, but stopped in the doorway before she got out of sight. “Did you get the washer fixed yet, babe?” she asked.

He sighed, but when she grimaced at him so sincerely he finally cracked and laughed from his belly.

“Stop it!” She said. “It’s driving me nuts.”

“Don’t be in such a hurry. It’ll be eating socks soon.” Terri stuck out her tongue, and Jim laughed harder “Maybe you should've been more grateful the times it spat back two.”