With trepidation, John Rowe slowly turned the chrome plated knobs on the wall. The rounded shower head burst to life, angrily spewing hot water like a vomiting drunkard. Creeping tendrils of mist began to work their way up and out of the bathtub, crawling over the floor of the bathroom towards him. Reaching. Yearning. Fighting an almost overwhelming instinct to run, he let his battered towel drop to the floor, and slowly stepped into the tub. As the steaming water hit his head, it seemed to desperately crawl over him, enveloping him in a wet, malign grasp. Then the voice, a shard of ice in his mind, as cold as the water was hot, spoke again.

*Hungry. Why so long?*

After the first time, he had only waited three months before stepping back in. The experience had been dreadful, and afterwards he slept for two days, but it was also addictive. Even while he was distracted with promoting Sudenulon, being interviewed by pretty blonde journalists, or posing for photoshoots with world leaders, a constant buzz in the back of his mind was always urging him to return for a second hit. He made his way back whilst in town for a piece with the local school newspaper. That time it took him a whole week to recover. It played havoc with his diary, and he had more than one angry call from the publicist. Of course, that all melted away once he told them about the Manna Project. He'd planned to return sooner for a third hit, but that all changed when he was asked to address the UN.

John had been reserved a seat on a passenger jet to New York. It was an extremely comfortable ride in first class, and the attendants were falling over themselves to meet his needs. It was whilst he was chewing on an extremely succulent roasted duck that he felt the crunch, followed by the warm taste of blood in his mouth. He quickly rose and headed to the bathroom. 

After locking the door, the cold fluorescent lights flickered on. He spat into the sink, and nestled amongst a mixture of blood, saliva, and the remains of his meal, was one of his molars. In the light of the airplane toilet, the tooth had an almost ceramic quality to it. It reminded him of bathtiles. After rinsing his mouth with some water, he reached inside with his thumb, and found the empty socket. Except that it wasn't empty. As he probed around, he felt a sharp sting. He pulled his thumb back out, and on the tip, a small drop of blood was beginning to appear. Looking in the mirror as he did so, he pulled the side of his mouth open to get a look. There, sat between the teeth where his molar had previously been, was the thing that had cut him, sharp and pointed. A fang.

*Tell. Desire.*

The voice cut through his mind again. The air was heavy with steam now, and with each breath it desperately clawed its way into his lungs. He felt it, crawling around burning hot inside of him, ravenous. The water screaming out of the shower head was starting to flow faster, more impatiently. He knew what to do. Shivering despite the heat, he spoke.

One month later, John was sat in a hotel suite. Lights and cameras were arranged throughout the room, focused on the ornate wooden chair on which he was sat. In front of him, a man dressed in a tailored blue pinstripe suite was leafing through some paper notes. The man looked up at John.

"I think we're about ready Mr Rowe if you are?"

John nodded in approval.

"Ok then," the suited man started, "I think it's fair to say a lot of our viewers have been quite worried about you. It's been a month since you were last seen in public. What is there to the story that you've spent that entire time meditating, and that's when you came up with this blueprint for a cold fusion reactor?"

Looking straight at the camera, John began to speak. "Well Terry, it's certainly very close to the truth. I have spent a lot of that time soul searching..."

He continued talking on autopilot. He was now very used to giving answers to interviewers with very little effort or concentration. Tugging at his shirt cuffs, his mind was elsewhere. He was more concerned with his shirt. The arms felt too short, he could feel them slipping back over his wrists. He decided that he would just have to hold them in place for now, and after the interview had concluded, he would go to find somewhere to buy a new shirt. Longer sleeves. Better fitting. Something that would keep the scales covered.

