*Ugh*, that dimming of the lights. The shadows lightening. The sound proofing. It's my entire reality dimming. I work in the uncanny valley. As I walk up to the security point; the entry arc is grey, the floor is a lighter grey, the walls are beige and grey; as I walk up to the security point I try to recall the blue of the sky. The exact shade. I can't do it. Never can. God, I hate beige.

"Morning, Vitro." I add a smile and a wave. I wonder if they look forced. They felt forced.

He stares past me. A stone\-faced sentinel, living and breathing professionalism. The man is a gargoyle. Actually, I take that back: Rocky in SCP--123456, the only real, live gargoyle I know, is the life of the party. The only creature outside of a cartoon turtle I've ever known to use the word "cowabunga" unironically. I hand him my badge and hear the familiar beep of a successful scan in. I don't think any muscle on Vitro's body past his elbow moved a centimeter the entire time he scanned me in. Impressive, really. I begin to walk through the arc--

"Watermark on the tie.  Smart." Vitro uses an almost comically heavy inflection on the last word. Clearly he wants to eliminate any doubt that he doesn't mean exactly the opposite. The arc blocks my way with an invisible force. It feels like super gravity. I hold my tie up and inspect it. I don't know why. I already know the stain is there. I just don't give a shit.

I favor him with a tight smile and a nod, hoping the acknowledgement will be enough.

"Wouldn't want anyone trying to copy it. I mean, design like that? Billions. Billions. Buy--your--own--island kinda cash."

"It's striped."

"Brown, as one of the stripes? I didn't think that was a thing. And yellow with it? Did you... oh my Gods! Frank, you went and built that time machine Uhm was describing last week, didn't you?! You old dog, you! And here I thought the council ruled against it. You came straight here from the '80's, huh? Is there a Ford Pinto parked in, what was it, again, 'Y' lot?"

"I'm in 'H' now."

"Shit, halfway up the alphabet. Frank's a baller!"

"Can I... can I just go through, Vitro? Please?"

"'Vitro'?! Did you somehow miss my uniform? Did you miss my badge? It's 'Mr. Coroonado'."

"Mr. Coroonado, can I please go to fucking work?"

"I don't appreciate that kind of language, Mr. Frankenbeck. I should keep this stained ass badge right here and make you work from the reception area all day."

I sighed.

"But I won't. You're lucky that I, for one, am a professional."

Finally he lets me through. I nod in parting as he hands back my badge, but he is already back to staring stone faced away from me.

I'm approaching the elevator bank, staring down at the hexagonal floor panels, getting creeped\-out as ever that my penny loafers emit not the slightest sound as they collide with the hard surface, when a flash of color bursts into my field of vision.

"What the fuck, Frank?" Barry wears his typically huge smile. Huge face. Huge shoulders. Just, huge. Today he has on a spandex top with some crazy design in the neon version of every primary color, tucked into what appear to be a hybridization of khakis and jeggins, which in turn are tucked into a massive pair of hiking boots. Company dress code is half a notch below business professional. Ties and collared shirts mandatory.

"Hi, Barry. Is Spxax still..."

Barry yells over me, both verbally and physically. "Motherfucking Vitro in the house!" He raises his fist in the air.

"Motherfuckin' Barry! Whoo! Barry! Barry! Barry!" Vitro chants.  Now as animated as he was stoic a minute ago, he raises his in return.

Barry turns back to me and slaps a meaty palm squarely between my shoulder blades; hard enough to knock the wind out of me. It's the indicator that I'm about to get played. "Bertha needs a dermal."

"I thought we did a dermal on her last month?"

"Frank, she's a witch, Frank. Her skin changes! Come on! What is this, your first day at The Center?"

"I thought dermals on Bertha was a night\-shift job?"

"Frank, it's a day shift job. Her powers are muted during the day! Come on!"

"No, because during last month's rotation you said it was a night shift job because her skin is\-"

"You got Spxax today, right? Listen, Spxax has good action on the toaster." He presses the screen next to the elevator, causing 'G4' to appear on it.

"The toaster or the toaster oven?"

Barry's grin could cross the Mississippi without moving. "The toaster. New and improved. I'm all in!"

Was Barry really about to get one over on Spxax? Barry?! Something was off, that was for sure. But it was the toaster. The new and improved toaster. Then it hit me. "Wait, the toaster is fighting the coffee maker tonight, right?"

Barry's shrug was at once sheepish and defiant.

"Barry, the coffee maker is broken. *Broken.* Spxax is gonna take you for all you're worth."

"No way. I'm not losing another dime to that bug."

"Spxax isn't a bug. He's an arthro..."

Barry shoves me forcefully backward and I stumble into the waiting elevator. "Go earn that mini paycheck!" The elevator closes on his raucous laughter.

Minutes later I'm staring into a slate colored screen next to a marengo door, in a puce room. "Dr. Francis Frankenbeck, researcher III."

"Dr. Frankenbeck," comes the disembodied and disinterested reply from the system, "you are scheduled to attend subject: Spxax today at seven hundred hours."

"Yep."

"Dr. Frankenbeck, you are cleared for entry."

"Thanks."

The lights belch pitifully to life as I walk in and head straight for the taupe chair before the console.

The first holographic displays have begun to flicker to life when a voice pops into my head, 'Got good action today, Frank.' In the dark of the gigantic overhead view screen I can just make out a slight stirring of legs thick as me and thrice as long.

"Spxax, I've told you a million times: don't use my father's voice. It's creepy." I don't bother with the intercom because I know he doesn't need it. Yet I still speak aloud because otherwise his telepathy weirds me out even more.

'Thirty to one on the toaster.'

"Yeah. Against the coffee maker."

'It's the new toaster, Frank! Mini black hole powered incinerator!'

"The coffee maker is completely broken, Spxax. Everyone knows that. It's a sucker bet."

'How about this: for you I'll do a hundred to one. Just for you. Fifty's the min. But don't tell Barry.'

"Not gonna do it, Spxax. Uhm designed the coffee maker, itself."

'Oh, Uhm, Uhm. He's so omniscient, why's he need so many tentacles, huh? And pincers and claws and feet...'

I scanned the displays. Tried to quickly integrate data on three dozen different vectors spanning seven dimensions. "I'm not about to hand my paycheck over to a bug."

'A... a what?' asked the stunned voice of Sarah Mclachlan.

"Shit!" The realization of what I'd just said broke me out of my numbers induced trance. 'Fucking Barry!'

'That's racist!' Sarah continued. 'And hurtful. I thought you were better than that, Frank.'

"It'd be specist, technically. Or, phymist... anyway, I get it. I'm sorry. You're an arthropod, not a bug."

'It's all called "racism." Doesn't matter race or species. You'd know that if you hadn't had your face buried in "The Feynman Lectures" your whole life.'

"Fine..."

'And don't blame this on Barry. Barry is a stand up dude. He is an honorary eight legger. He would never say something like that.'

I sighed. My life is grey. I punched the intercom. "I'M GONNA GO ATTEND TO BERTHA." I felt a small and very satisfying gasp in the back of my mind as my booming voice hit Spxax's sensitive noise receptors.

'Ditching me, already.'

"I just wanna get this thing with Bertha over with. I'll be back."

'Uh huh. Then you're going to bring Uhm his papers. And Uhm is going to talk your ears off.'

"I'll be in and out with Uhm."

'Uh huh. I'm sure you're just going to just out wit an eldritch god. Easy peasy.

"After lunch, then." I rose to my feet and strolled toward the door as the holograms blinked out of existence one by one.

'Three hundred to one! One time offer. I'm practically giving my credits away!'

I let the door closing behind me be my response. As I headed for the arcane containment branch I ruminated upon how I should use that response more often.