An entire night's events just gone. How could I not remember what I did after I thought I went to bed. Had it only been one night, maybe a week or could it be longer. Could this headache be from a mind wipe and not just lack of sleep? How far had I been relocated? Too many questions were swirling around after reading that note. It was like starting the day and going about my life was going to be a scavenger hunt. Trying to figure out what it is I am supposed to do in this new city. 

Yesterday had provided more questions then it did answers. It was if I had been abducted, mind probed and then released back to what should be my home. Lifting the curtains and peaking outside, the men were still there. Moving to a new place had not gotten rid of them, confronting them clearly had not worked either. I needed a new plan to figure things out, yet where do I even begin. With no one to reach out to in an unfamiliar place with absolutely no idea where I even was, life seemed a cruel joke. 

My mind was steadily twisting and questioning what was real and what was fabricated to keep me docile. How much influence over my life did these men have. Clearly they could relocate me and I would remember none of it. What else were they doing, were the TV broadcasts even real? Could I trust the information I was reading in my phone. How long had that scar been on the side of my neck. It looked fresh, but the more I try and think of my past the murkier it got. 

It felt like a fog was falling over my mind. The more I thought, the heavier it got. Maybe I needed to just lie down, yet the last time I went to sleep it did not work out so well for me. How long could I stay awake before the madness fully set in. The clothes were not mine, the wall decor did not suit my tastes, and the music was as if it belonged to a child. 

There was a smell of desperation in the air as I ran to the door and threw myself against it. After a few failed attempts at getting it to budge, panic truly set in. A loud ring from my phone jolted me back to myself, no one knew I was here other than the men outside. Looking at the caller id, it read UNKOWN. The voice on the other end was raspy yet high pitched.

"Good morning sir, this is the terra core 7 of the galacatic law enforcement, we have reason to believe you were involved in an unlawful abduc...." The phone fell from my hands, this was definitely not real. What kind of torture was I in. Turning back to the door, I threw everything I had at it in order to escape. As the door burst open a searing light pierced my eyes sending a wave of distortion through my mind. 

As the pain in my head subsided and my vision returned all I saw was a ceiling fan slowly spinning. A searing heat ran through my neck as I sat up once again in my bed...