Screaming, crying, vomiting. I was doing all three of these things as the plane plummeted to its doom. My throat burned. It was a result of my screaming, and the bile lingering in the back of my mouth. The breath escaped my lips and I couldn’t even hear it over the air screaming past outside through the hole in the side of the airplane.

And then the sound grew quieter and quieter. The ground flew towards us slower and slower. The people around me on the plane ceased to panic and panic.

And then a large black cat popped out of the overhead luggage compartment to my left. I slowly turned my head up from the vomit bag. The cat stretched, yawned, and laid down, arms crossed over the edge of the compartment.

“Oh my... what the devil have you gotten yourself into this time Carter?”

I blinked. The cat just spoke. A deep and smooth voice that didn’t match the small frame it was emanating from.

“Yes I did, didn’t I? It’s a smidge rude to stare and not reply, too.”

And the cat was lecturing me on my manners in the moments before I die.

“Oh pull yourself together. You’re not going to die. Not today. You haven’t filled your side of the bargain yet.”

I sat up straight, then leaned in close. “Yes. Right. The deal. You must be a demon then.”

“A devil, actually. You should watch your tongue.”

I recoiled in surprise and gave a deep bow from my seat. 

“Sorry. So sorry. I was terribly mistaken. Listen, about this chance meeting, does *he* know that you’re here? That you’re giving me a new lease on my life?”

“You’re looking awfully keen for someone who was just bringing their lunch back up the way it came. Yes he knows, he sent me personally.”

Dammit. 

“Were you hoping to cut another devil in on the deal? Hoping to mangle the contract?” The cat purred.

“Of course not. I know that I’ll get a better deal with him than Sagan or Bennet.” 

“Good boy. Right, now to save your life.” The cat gave a bored look around the time frozen cabin. “How would you like me to do it?”

“Painlessly?”

The cat laughed. His voice cracked from the deep velveteen tones and rose into a cackle.

“Oh no, I assure you that it will hurt either way.” He composed himself. “How’s this: choose between two boons. You’ll live either way, but one will hurt a *hell* of a lot more.”

Two coins appeared before me, each adorned with a cartoonish caricature of a devil. 

‘The Devil’s Own Luck’: Roll with the punches and always end back on your feet! When life is bringing the pain, take The Devil’s Own Luck to come out on top!

‘Fiendish Resilience’: Become the strongest! When the world’s falling apart around you, take Fiendish Resilience to come out without a scratch!

I plucked the second coin out of the air.

“Is that your final choice?” The cat asked.

I read the description again, for safety’s sake. 

“Yeah.” I gave the cat a confident smirk. “It can’t hurt if I come out of this without a scratch.”

I snapped the coin in half. A red mist burst free, surrounding and filling me with it’s essence. A cheshire grin broke out across the cat’s face. 

“A poor choice, but it was yours to make.” 

The smile died on my face, and the damn cat had killed it.

“You have essence in your briefcase, yes?” 

I sat there slack jawed, dead eyes. “And more in my suitcase.”

“Good, good. I’ll go ahead and collect them. I’ll be gracious today and save your belongings too. Once the rescue crew arrives and brings you back to civilization, wait by the nearest pay phone for a call. He’ll have figured out your living situation by then.”

I gave a nod in reply. The cat cackled again. 

“Ciao, and good luck! Hehehaaa. Oh you’ll wish you had some.”

And with that, the cat exploded into dust. A sulfuric smell filled the plane cabin. With it, movement and sound was breathed back into the frozen world. The screaming was back, from the people around me, then the sound of the wind tearing by outside was the only thing left. 

I signed a cross and gave a quick prayer. I was moderately sure that God had put me on a list of prayers to ignore by now, but I prayed nonetheless.

And then the crash. My body was crumpled into six different directions. My arm and neck were at angles they were never meant to be in, and a metal rod pinned me to my seat through my stomach. My head went... everywhere, and I was conscious for every minute of it.

Seconds felt like minutes which felt like hours. I couldn’t tell how much time had passed, but it was all spent with the most excruciating pain I had ever experienced. Slowly, ever so slowly, my body began to reform. 

I came back into one piece and crawled, arm over arm, out of the burning wreckage. I was free. I jumped to my feet, cheered, and was then burnt to cinders by the plane, which had exploded a second time. 

It took some time to regenerate again. When I finally managed to, I came to a simple coherent thought. I fucking hate devils. It’s a shame that I sold my soul, all those years ago.