######[](#dropcap)

"Get in the car! Go go go!"

Rodney dove through the open car door for the backseat. He dragged in his legs behind him and settled himself, not bothering to buckle his seatbelt. Behind him, Michael and James stuffed their duffel bags into the trunk and slammed it shut. Then James made his way to the back seat and Michael to the front.

"What the hell?" Sadie yelled at the boys. She shifted into gear and pulled out to the main road, engine roaring. They could all hear sirens approaching, and the traffic wasn't favorable. "This was supposed to be an *easy* job!"

Michael ripped the mask off his face. "They had silent alarms we didn't know about. We're lucky we saw the lady use it at all."

"Perfect. Did you at least get the money?"

"Yeah," said Rodney. "It was all there."

"Can't you go any faster?" James asked. He and Rodney took their masks off as well.

"Shut up!"

"Remind me again why we chose to have a girl be our getaway driver?"

Sadie pulled the steering wheel a full revolution with one hand, hanging a right turn and screeching ahead of oncoming traffic which had just been given the green light. A few jaywalking pedestrians scattered as the black sedan careened onto the next street. With her other hand, she flipped off James, whose face had been bashed into the headrest during the maneuver.

"Shut up, James," Rodney muttered. He leaned forward over Sadie's shoulder. "Cut through the park."

"That's the plan, idiot."

The sirens had caught up to them. Three white and blue cruisers pulled into the street behind them, lights flashing. Sadie turned left, then cut a red light.

"...Does the traffic seem thinner than normal to you?" Michael asked. He looked uneasy. 

Sadie rolled her eyes. "Yeah. Count your blessings."

"No, I mean..." Michael looked out his window. As Sadie worked her way toward the park, it seemed almost as though the cars around them were actively taking any route *away* from the park. The streets they were taking were being cleared unprecedentedly fast. He shifted his view to the side mirror to see the police getting closer.

James, clearly aggravated, held his bruised nose and looked out the back window. "They're gaining on us — Augh!" Another hairpin turn. "Stop doing that!"

"What, stop *driving*? You want me to *stop driving*?"

"STOP DRIVING AND PULL OVER!" came a voice from outside the car. One of the police was hailing them with a loudspeaker.

"*How 'bout it, James, you want me to stop driving?*"

"Both of you shut up," Rodney demanded.

"ATTENTION CIVILIANS," said the police voice again. "YOU ARE IN VIOLATION OF NEW YORK'S TRAFFIC SAFETY LAWS. BY DRIVING AT A SPEED OVER THE POSTED LIMIT, YOU HAVE AS A CONSEQUENCE EXPOSED YOURSELF TO THE FULL PREJUDICE OF LAW ENFORCEMENT. FROM NOW ON THE SPEED LIMIT WILL BE VIGOROUSLY ENFORCED."

"Wait, what?" said Michael.

"THIS IS YOUR LAST WARNING."

"Pfft, whatever," said Sadie, blowing off the threat. "Enforce this." She shifted up a gear and increased her speed. The road in front of them was now completely empty, save for a few parallel parked cars. The entrance to Central Park was right in front of them. The car directly beside them blew up without warning and for no apparent reason.

"*HOLY—*" Sadie barely had time to react. The force of the blast rocked their car, and at the same moment, she slammed the gas pedal and swerved to avoid the flaming rain of debris from what had once been a light blue Toyota Corolla. The result was that, for three precarious seconds, the car skated through the intersection on only one wheel. It hopped the curb, vaulted over a park bench, slammed its undercarriage against the stone fence bordering the park, and plowed its way toward the nearest lake. Sadie yanked on the stickshift, pressed down the brake, and turned to the left, grinding up the turf into clouds of dust beneath them. The car stopped only a few feet from the banks.

For a moment, the four sat silently. The engine was idling, but it was also making an odd coughing noise, and wisps of smoke were rising from the tires and from underneath the hood. James was unconscious and had a bloody nose. Rodney lifted himself from the floor of the car and shook himself.

"What the hell was that?" he asked.

"I think they just blew up a car," Michael said quietly.

"Why did they *blow up* a car?"

"I think they were trying to blow up *our* car?"

"*Why were they trying to blow up our car?!?*"

"Aw, jeez." James roused himself. "What happened?"

"Is that a *rocket launcher?*" From beyond the back windshield, which was splintered all to hell by an enormous piece of shrapnel, Rodney could see the police cars entering the park with an almost menacing slowness. One officer leaned out the window, holding the still-smoking bazooka. He was reloading it.

"We need to go," said Michael.

"Why do they have a *rocket launcher?*"

"*Sadie?*" asked Michael, his voice rising.

Sadie put up a finger. "Gimme a sec... I'm having a heart attack."

"Sadie, this is not a joke!"

"I know it's not." Sadie's eyes were wide as saucers, and she was gasping for air. "I am... *literally* having a heart attack right now."

"Ugh, you're fine!" James groaned. "We need to leave right now before we're *not* fine!"

"Oh, *now* you want me to drive?"

"Little bit, yeah!"

"Well, I can't outdrive a fuckin' RPG, so I don't know what you want me to do!"

"Maybe at least *try?*" Michael whined.

"Are you *insane?*"

"Everybody shut up!" Rodney barked. The others fell silent. Rodney rubbed his neck, feeling the headache building up there. "Sadie's right. We can't run."

"But they—"

"We can't." 

The police spoke again using the loudspeaker. "COME OUT OF THE VEHICLE WITH YOUR HANDS UP."

Rodney glared at his partners. They glared back. None of them wanted to be the first out of the car. Rodney sighed to himself, and raised one hand, using the other to open the door. Slowly, they followed.

Five policemen ran up to surround them as they exited the car. Rodney and the others knelt down and put their hands behind their heads, ready to be handcuffed. Only, the handcuffs didn't come.

"Which of you was the driver?" asked the lead officer, adjusting his sunglasses.

"...What?" Sadie squinted at the police through the sunlight. Rodney noticed a scratch on her forehead, which was still bleeding.

"Whoever was driving that vehicle broke the law. They were speeding and not using turn signals. Utterly disgusting. Which one of you did it?"

"*Turn signals?*" Sadie whispered to herself.

"Did... you miss the part where we robbed a bank?" 

"James, for the love of—" Rodney was ready to strangle him, but to his surprise, the officer laughed.

"You think we care about some measly bank robbery?"

"Y... Yes?" stuttered Michael.

"*No!*"

"But we were armed and everything!"

"JAMES!" Rodney yelled.

"Ha! We're after the real criminals today, son." The officer leaned in close. "You didn't do it, did you? You're too soft."

"...What the fuck kind of Twilight Zone bullshit—" James started, then fell silent. He couldn't wrap his mind around what was happening.

"Not you either, I bet," said the officer, looking at Michael. Michael said nothing. "Which leaves you two." He turned to Rodney and Sadie. "Want to fess up?"

"Will it get you to shut up if I do?" Sadie asked.

"Ooh, look at Little Miss Mouthy over here." The officer leered at her. "You get a kick out of it? Watching your man break municipal traffic laws?"

"Please. They can't drive worth a damn."

The officer's face quickly became severe. "So you admit it was you?"

"I mean... yeah." Sadie's gaze wavered. She was trying to act tough, but her bravado was being stripped away in favor of a unique sense of confusion about the whole situation. "What's the big deal? It's not like I hit anyone."

"You're *sick,* lady. Real sick." The officer gestured to his cohort. "Take her away."

Sadie was forced to the ground and handcuffed. The other thieves watched in horror as she was dragged away to the squad cars.

"What the hell?" said Rodney. "Why are you taking her but not us?"

"Oh, believe me, I'd love to take you in. You're all sick in the head, adrenaline junkies, all of you. But she was the one at the wheel, and she gets the punishment."

"*We committed a felony!*" James cried.

"Don't waste my time," the officer said. "Unless you want to fess up to a real crime, we're all done here."

"I just did!"

"James," whispered Michael, "maybe just let it go?"

"Real crimes," said the officer, "are those which disregard the sanctity of our nation's fine roads and automobiles. Speeding. Texting while driving. Not wearing a seatbelt while the vehicle is in motion."

"*Why the hell would I care about wearing a seatbelt?*"

Almost instantaneously, James went from kneeling in the dirt to pressing his face into it. Another officer was on him, applying another pair of handcuffs. James began cursing up a storm, as he too was taken to the squad car.

"We'll take that as a confession," said the lead officer. "What about you two? Were you wearing a seatbelt?"

"...Yes," Rodney said hesitantly.

The officer turned to Michael. He took the hint. "I... *always* wear my seatbelt. Every day."

The officer huffed, and took off his glasses to look them in the eye. "I've got my eye out for you two. You got lucky today. If we even *suspect* you were driving even one mile per hour over the speed limit, we *will* hunt you down." He turned, and walked back to the police cars, which were slowly pulling out from the park. "Enjoy your bank money."
***
***
[Visit my sub!](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheCastriffSub)  
[There MAY be more stories about banks?!?](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheCastriffSub/comments/45o3t6/120_the_banker/)