I just got laid off. My last paycheck is arriving next Friday. I have $10.56 in my bank account. I know it's stupid, but I bought a pack of cigarettes on the way home. I need something to take my mind off of it. I lit a cigarette, took one puff, and everything went dark. 

At first I thought I had fainted. Do cigarettes do that to you? I've gotten lightheaded before but never just passed out. Then a bright light turned on, shining in my face. When I grew adjusted to the light I realized that I was no longer walking outside. My mouth hung open as I tried to take everything in. My cigarette fell to the floor.

The room looked like it was made out of rainbows. There were creatures standing around me wearing black hooded robes. One of them was reading out of a book. It kind of looked like a bible. The creatures looked kinda like humans, but they had wings.

"Are you guys... angels?" I finally eked out.

They laughed. "Just because you are a demon does not mean we are angels."

"I'm not a demon!" I yelled. They recoiled. One of them whimpered. My brain started to process where I was. I was standing in the middle of a pentagram. There were candles at the points and someone had carefully laid out a ring of salt. Maybe I am a demon.

First things first, I had to check if I was a demon. I reached up to my head. No horns. Okay. Next, try to walk over the salt. It worked, but the creatures screamed. One of them fled the room. They were afraid of me.

Then it hit me. If I'm a demon then I've been living in hell. It felt like hell, but I never actually thought that it was hell. Being poor just seemed like a thing that poor people had to deal with. Wait a second... Demons make deals! I don't have to be poor anymore!

I tried to put on my fiercest and most serious face. "What do you want?" I boomed. "And what do you offer me?" I had seen enough Supernatural to know how these go down.

One creature, the one hiding behind his book, stepped forward and started to speak. "We want to make a deal with you. I'm willing to give you my soul if you can make this man suffer." He pulled out a photo of another angel looking guy.

I tried (poorly) to stifle a chuckle. "I don't want your soul."

"My first born then?"

"No. Just give me some money and I'll do what you ask."

"Money? What does a demon want with money?" He asked his question with a quizzical look.

"You don't question my demands and I won't question yours." That seemed to appease him.

They pulled out a bag of gold coins. Their ridiculously archaic knowledge of demons was top notch. "Is this enough?" He asked as he opened the bag in my direction. It was more money than I'd ever had in my bank account. I merely nodded, barely keeping together my "serious" composure.

I took the bag from him with the photo. There was a name scribbled on the top. That was enough to get my job started. Once again with the booming voice I said, "It will be done." I picked up my lit cigarette, put it back in my mouth, and left the room and the house that room happened to be in. While walking down the street the gold in my bag clinked and hearing it made me smile. Well, at least it's better than working at Wawa.