It was earth year 4.503.288, 1947 by the then current civilization's gregorian calendar.  
An advanced recon and diplomatic team was deployed to a new system. The first they found with technologic civilization. Their form of communications were obscure. They used electromagnetic radiation for long distance communication instead of the simpler diamonor device. Trying to sync our com systems was impossible. While their long distance detection also involved electromagnetic frequencies within the same ranges as their communication devices.  
 Their language was percussion based requiring them to be inside large bubbles to communicate in foreign atmospheric environments.  The only option to contact them seemed to be to land on the planet.   Those bastards.
The tech based species captured our diplomats, destroyed their vessel, and desecrated their bodies. Though we would not know this for 60 more of their solar cycles.  
There was much debate amongst our peoples as what to do. Retaliate, wipe them all out? Enslave? Focused strike on just the perpetrators? Embargo the planet? It wasn't for another 80 of their solar cycles until the more vengeful of our kind convinced us to go conquer the planet when we arrived.

When we arrived again they had advanced by leaps and bounds. They had the power to resist our invasion, though each of their victories in battle were pyrrhic ones. What we never expected was that their battles were just diversion tactics as they launch colony ships from their uninhabited poles. 

But they left the majority of their species behind.   
We traveled down, now with preparations made to communicate with them only to discover 3 very disappointing things.   
1, the species' lifespan was 60 to 80 solar cycles. Two generations had passed meaning the was no revenge to extract.  
2. Not a single one of them were aware of what happened to our diplomatic team. Worse the were some who almost knew what happened but it was full of so much misinformation it was impossible to believe.  
3. It was a ruling caste they escaped. They created a false sense of equality among the masses and occasionally let one or two people rise up to maintain the illusion but set in place thousands of ways to keep the lower castes down.  It was that ruling caste that decided to capture, torture, and erase evidence of our first arrival

Even the most vindictive of our kind couldn't continue with this ridiculous situation. We completely gave up attempts at revenge.  
More and more of our forces started looking at this civilization in a pitting matter. 

Earth year 4.503.750. Year 0320 of the current civilization's intergalactic calendar. It was 15 generations passed by the escapees when they returned. Only 5 passed for the earthen species. The memory of past of species abandoning them was much stronger than the idolized thoughts of saving earth by the space fairing ones. Upon their return, finding we had no permanent bases for them to conquer or "liberate" the demand control of the planet back. The diamonor we left them was immediately activated letting us know they returned. We sent out the relatives of the deceased who proceeded to wipe out those descendants of scum.

Afterwards we fully ratified our first interplanetary treaty and allowed these "humans" to be the first of many extraterrestrial being to join our race. 