It was a day much like any other. My eyes opened and slowly began to focus on the naked lightbulb hanging above my bed. I had never considered it before; how reflective it was of my life. The bare minimum. Cold, harsh, and rarely paid any notice of. 

This should have been the first thing I picked up on being out of the ordinary. But I didn't, of course. 

As I went about my usual routine, brushing my teeth, getting dressed and preparing to walk to work, things felt different. I was brushing my teeth to the rhythm of a song from my childhood, I picked out clothes with a purpose, and there was a definite 'pep' in my step. As I stepped outside, I was suddenly overwhelmed. The sun streaming through the leaves in the tree in my yard conjured images of growing up in the countryside. The smell of freshly mowed lawns tickled my nostrils and brought a.. a smile? A genuine smile! For the first time in my life, I was smiling because my body wanted to, not because I knew it would be out of place not to.

This was strange, usually people held on to this feeling. I only ever got to feel the unwanted emotions of those around me. Who would ever want to part with this? As I walked down my road, the thought took over my mind. How could you ever be without this feeling? My mind was made up. I couldn't, in good conscience, go about my day knowing someone now felt how I had felt all my life. I needed to find whoever it was that gave away this delight.

But, how? The donation box was, in essence, entirely anonymous. Unless I saw someone donate their emotions, I would just feel the tug on my mind, pulling me towards some new, dark place. But, I had to find this person. 

I turned about, and ran back to my front door. Nothing was out of place. The box was there, with the usual slips of tear stained, torn paper, scrawls of "fear", "grief" and "sadness" barely legible anymore. As I rooted through the notes, my mind was already looking for the one pristine, clean cut note which would contain the handwriting of my kind benefactor. It wasn't there. I emptied the entire box, and started to read through each note with care.

Finally, I found what I had been looking for. However, what I found shook me to my core. The note I had in front of me did not allude to happiness in the least, and had it not been for the smudged, shaky script, I would never have believed this to be what I sought. 

It looked just like any other; torn, smudged and soaked in tears. My mind was racing with possibilities. As I brought the note inside for further examination, I noticed the newspaper by my door. Picking it up, I read the headline and my blood turned to ice:

"Man (19) found in the early hours. Initial reports suggest no foul play, and the circumstances of the death, although not corroborated, suggest this is the first suicide we have seen since 2019".

Dropping the paper, I already knew. This was, indeed, a suicide. And I had just found where the donation came from. 