"Don't worry Charles, the implant only stings a little bit. You're twenty, you're a man now, a prick of pain is nothing to be scared about. Just think about all you can do once you're a full citizen of the Earth Union, and it'll be over in no time."


My father possessed an almost unnatural cheer on this day, though I wasn't sure why. I've heard that getting the implant is an empowering occasion, but it didn't feel like it. I felt sick as the medical staff injected the tiny machine into the base of my neck, the cold metal sending a chill up my spine even though I couldn't feel it through the drugs.

I've always hated the idea of the implants, the little trigger that gives you full access to all the resources a Union citizen would ever need. Union officials never really highlighted what it would cost you though. Each machine is built with three functions in mind, one to give citizenship, one to record your memory for posterity,  and one to cause your death the moment another citizen desired it. 


That was the entire premise the Union was built upon now, the idea that any person or group could cause the change they wanted in the world through legalized murder. One Unblooded could kill the Consul, three hundred could remove the provincial governors, twenty thousand could cause the remaking of the Senate, a hundred million could undo the government entirely. Any citizen can cause the death of one other citizen, publicly and for all to see, and if the target still had his Death Wish, the Death Wish would move to the next of kin. Kill an Unblooded man, and his family now has an extra Wish to throw back at you.

We learn in school that this is necessary for the preservation of liberty, a final and absolute defense against the tyranny of the few over the majority put in place as the old world crumbled from within. We learn about how this policy has helped our nation, with leaders scrambling to appease every person they could, citizens working hand in hand to share and help each other, under the threat of death. We advanced so far in such a short time, as we dumped untold trillions of old world dollars into technologies that would help all. Fusion power came first, energy to matter production machines came next. Almost limitless resources to feed limitless desires, all at the behest of a tiny implant on our spine.



So we thank the Reaper for our bounty everyday I suppose. A shadow of death hangs over us all, the knowledge that we may die at any time. It is like living 2D image of liberty, where we are free to do all but actually live. We cannot throw caution to the wind like our ancestors once did, as one bad day can end our existence in a short, painless burst of electricity. I had known too many friends who had become different people after their twentieth birthday, almost hollow, afraid to show emotion on the off chance that someone took offense.

Theses were all my thoughts as the surgeon withdrew from my neck.



"Alright Mr. Harrington, you're now a full citizen of this glorious nation. What are you planning to do now?"

We learn in school that this is necessary for the preservation of liberty, a final and absolute defense against the tyranny of the few over the majority. It is my right as a citizen of the Union to do what I think is best to preserve liberty for myself. The tears begin to run down my face, and I breath a sigh of both relief and sadness.


And I say "I, Charles Harrington, declare my wish to use my Death Wish on Charles Harrington."





As I fell to the floor, my spine growing colder by the second, I heard my father break down for the first time. Raw, animalistic sobs wracked a man I had never known to have any emotion but neutrality. I had made my choice long ago, I did not want to live in a utopian world if I was to never feel safe. Life is meaningless without joy, without sadness, without anger. The illusion of safety is what drives life, the thought that no matter what, I am me.





I feel my mind growing dim. My call to all of you at Union Central who read the transcript of my final moments is to look at yourself, at the world around you. Is this really what humanity is?







-----End of transcript for Charles Harrington, Cause of Death-Political Suicide, Case# 000001-293745







