  We knew the end was coming for years. Deep space telemetry picked up the object years before it would impact the Earth.  I remember watching the press conference NASA gave, giving us the news.

  2046 RQ36. Such a sterile, academic designation for the end of humanity.  I'm the only one who remembers what it later became known as. 

 Thanatos. The Greek personification of death.

 For years scientists and futurists had talked about the survival of the human race was dependent on colonizing other worlds and yet we did nothing.  "It's to expensive" said the politicians, "We don't have the technology", said the governments. We should have listened to the scientists 

 Twenty two years and eleven days. Thats how long we had to find a way to survive. How quickly all of our differences disappeared faced with annihilation. I watched the resources of an entire world poured into a desperate attempt to find a solution. Missiles, moon bases, stasis pods....every avenue was explored. 

 In the end, we figured it out. Amazing how quickly we perfected fusion power when we worked together.  With that, we had the power to take to the stars, to make a new home and to start over. There wasnt time to save everyone but if enough could be then at least our species, our history, culture would survive. 

 We named it The Noah. Massive in size, the ship was meant as an ark to deliver us to a new beginning. I led the team that built the prototype engine. The whole planet was at a breakneck pace to complete construction. In the end it was just enough. The best and brightest we selected to board Noah. Our history was digitized and saved on numerous hard drives. WE HAD DONE IT! Beaten Thanatos, our death sentence....until human nature took it all away.

 I never found out who set off the explosion.  There wasn't time. When news came out The Noah was breaking up in orbit chaos erupted. Impact was days away and we were out of options. Thats when I remembered the small, one man prototype ship we had built.  Only a few people even knew where it was. I was one of them.

So I stole it.

 I watched the destruction of my world from afar. The asteroid slammed into the surface at an incredible speed.  It caught the atmosphere on fire almost instantly. In a macabre sort of way that wave of fire was almost beautiful....

 Thanatos didn't destroy my people, distrust and disunity did. That's why I traveled to your planets, giving you assistance and working towards peace on your respectful worlds. 

 The gathered representatives from a dozen worlds I had helped elevate looked at me, wheezing out this story, with awe.... I was a legend to most of them. You see, we never figured out how to stop the time dilation problem. For me, it's only been ninety two years since I watched the Earth burn but untold centuries have passed for the rest of the universe.  

 My method was simple, arrive at populated world, introduce an idea and just fly around for a few minutes.  Year's passed during those minutes for the inhabitants. In this way I could direct the flow of history and society but now, unfortunately, I've finally run out of what I have always had.

Time.

 I'm proud of the peoples you have all become, and the Federation you have built. I  beg you to continue my work. Remember that everyone is stronger togeth.....

The End

Edit: fixed some punctuation that was pointed out 
2nd edit: thanks to everyone helping with pacing and word choice.  This has been fun

 

 

