The first bullet hit somewhere in his chest.  He stumbled and face burned where it scraped across the broken concrete. 

The second hit his hand, dropping his rifle and two fingers along with it.   

The third and its friends must have hit his legs. He had to pull himself along the broken road into the crater with what he had left for arms. 

There was yelling, screams.  Smoke and dust was everywhere.  Weapons firing and bullet ricochets.   The noise hit a loud climax when new sounds, further away from where his troops lied waiting, entered the song of hell and quickly quieted. 

“Sir, sir!  They’re down, the civvies are safe!  Repeat, civvies are safe! No casualties!”

Those words made all the pain go away, despite all the blood leaking out of him from too many holes. Feebly he looked at new motion on his left.  A young woman, a screaming baby at her chest. 

“You saves us!  You saved us!”.

Sobbing. Cries of anguish.  Hands grabbing him, calls for a medic.  As his vision went black, Petr smiled.  It was worth giving his life, and would gladly do it again. 



He sprung up in alarm from the sudden bright light.  He stood, surrounded by plain white walls and floor.  Standing a few feet away was a man in a suit, with nothing exceptional about him save a fierce intensity in his eyes. 

The man crossed his arms.   “A general, literally running bait for an execution squad.  You saved them all, I’ll give you that. Why you, and not someone expendable? “

Petr looked around, getting his bearings. There was no entrance or exit of this room. His hands were whole and felt no wounds on his body.  The man cleared his throat.  Petr looked back and stood tall. 

“They knew my face.  They would definitely target me first over everything else.  And I am expendable. This is the last of their strongholds in our country, the war was won - I have no more use now.  I can’t risk my men and women - fathers, mothers, sons and daughters.  I have no one but them. It had to be me. “

The man sneered and pointed up with his chin. “That makes sense as to why HE picked you. Well,  I’m picking you too.  You freed your homeland, now free mine.”  

“ I am Lucifer, the Morning Star and Prince of Lies. Welcome to hell.”


