They were running out of ressources. Thats the sole reason why they invaded our world.

I was sitting in my mech and looked on the mist that covered the plains before us.

A typical tactic for them. Those elves, dwarfes and goblins think that some mist and creepy sounds would scare us enough to drop our weapons. They laughed at our ambassador for not having any magic right before they decapitated him and put his head on a pike, thinking that we were easy prey.

Little did they know that we never needed any magic.

A warhorn in the distance, followed by cries signaled their attack. 

"Get ready boys."

The 2 other mechs and the infantry readied their weapons.

Out of the fog an army appeared. Their silhouettes were shaped like demons. And they were greatb targets.

"Let them come a little bit closer......."

I grinned. This was going to be a fuckfest.

"Fire!!!!! Sick them boys!!!"

All of us opened fire with our automatic weapons. The first ranks of the invading army got completely obliterated, turned into chunks of meat, splintered bones and clouds of blood.

I finished reloading my 90mm machinegun with a HE belt, aimed it at their leader in  the center. He summoned a shield, trying to protect his soldiers around him. A futile act, trying to stop 600 rounds per minute with a explosive power of 3kg TNT per round.

Their cavalry started a flanking attack. I switched the rockets on my shoulder launcher from impact to airburst and fired the entire mag on the bulk. The horseman disappeared in a cloud of thick smoke.

The entire plain had been turned into a blazing inferno.

It hasnt even been 4 minutes but the enemy army was starting to run. Some of their mages casted a smokescreen to cover the running soldiers.

They certainly havent heard anything of heat and IR sight.

We still could see them clearly and coninued to mow them down.

Just like a normal day on the shooting range. Only that the targets were moving.

"Infantry mount your IFVs, we are going to pursuit them!"

Oh we were going to fuck up their world as soon we were there with our weapons, our teachnology and our junk food.