An avian humanoid, with feathered arms and three long talons for toes is sitting across me in my home. It is dressed in an uniform simmilar to Hugo Boss' Nazi uniform, swastika replaced by a foreign symbol and medal army crosses replaced with more foreign symbols. It was not wearing pants or undergarments, but it's lower half was covered by more dense feathers. It's legs resembled those of a chicken, but as thick as my arms.

It shifted a bit in my sofa and continued talking: "Are there any questions about our laws or organisations?"

"Can you repeat the things you said about the others who kidnapped me?"

It sighed. It was the third time it told me. I was still perplexed on the fact that there are indeed aliens in our universe.

"Those who kidnapped You are a part of an illegal primitive research group called," it squawked, it was apparently how they were called. To me it was a very simmilar squawk to the one it did to introduce itself, "The group basically takes random inhabitants deemed primitive by our standards. It specializes in studies of psychological manipulation."

The bird bent over to reach it's satchel on the table infront of it and took a small, perfect square. It did a movement with it's feather, like us with out thumbs to unlock a smartphone, and a three dimensional, semi transparent cube of text appeared above the square. It was written in their language, closely resembling Chinese characters.

"My report says they were on this planet for about a human, Gregorian year, then they moved to the next planet in Your solar system."

"Which planet?"

The cube produced an image of Mars.

"Apparently their foward operating base is on it. It makes it easy to jump into your orbit and analyze you."

"And, what will they do with the info they got from us?" Just the thought of it made me shiver with worry.

"Produce neural maps of your species and sell it to our mega corporations."

"And... What will they do with it?"

"Possibilities are endless. Some will make biological items to wipe your species out, some will create subspecies of themselves to infiltrate your primitive governments as perfectly likeable individuals and some put images directly into your brain."

"Advertisement?"

"No, just to make you more paranoid," it chuckled, "some of us like seeing other, lesser, species squirm with fear."

It put the square device back into it's satchel and took a small diamond-like device out. It handed it to me.

"Now, try remembering everything you can remember from the abduction."

I tried to, but I don't know how much it would pick up.

I handed it back and the avian stood up and took it's satchel and diamond with it.

"Thank you for your cooperation, we will use the info to persecute the perpetrators."

I stood up and escorted it out of my apartment, but as soon as I took my eyes off it, it was gone.

I sat back and started thinking about it all. At that moment my phone buzzed. I took it and saw a message: 

"This is the Unsurfaced Species Preservation officer, do You have a minute to discuss Your unlawful taking?"

That sly motherfucker.