I can't quite explain why, but my first thought as I entered the [HIT]ler competition was to become a teacher at Hitler's grade school as, you guessed it, the art teacher. Fully devoted, I began working there the year he was born in order to cement myself into the community and faculty. I'd studied the best, yet to be created masterpieces, and [re]created them becoming a legend around the world. People originally questioned why I would remain the local art teacher, but I was often praised for my commitment to helping young artists. 

Finally, the promised day. As young Adolf walked into my classroom I bit my lower lip in excitement. Once all of the students were seated, I paced the room taking a mental snapshot and looking at all those eager little eyes. 

"One of you", my eyes working the classroom, finally landing on lil Hitler, "will have the opportunity to become my apprentice."

You should have seen those puppydog eyes.

"I'm about to pass around sheets of paper and sticks of charcoal. Draw whatever you'd like, but whoever's drawing impresses me the most will have the privilege of studying under me personally."

There were murmurs in the class and you could smell the intensity and competition brewing. I gave them the entire class period to work on their drawings and had them turn them in at the end of class. Never in a million years could I have expected this. I had planned on choosing lil Hitler's drawing regardless of the results but what he turned in was nothing short of a masterpiece. He had painstakingly crafted a merry-go-round with a delightful tone of shading and detail. 

"Amazing...", Slipped from my lips without my intending. And it truly was amazing. The features of the horses were so lifelike, I simply couldn't fathom how such a young boy could pull such a feat with just a stick of charcoal. 

"See me after class," I told him. A mixture of excitement and worry began to churn in my stomach. Part of me was beginning to have second thoughts. He honestly did deserve to become an artist. But there were higher stakes on the line. Participating in the [HIT]ler competition came at a risk. While winning would guarantee your immortal fame and one free redo in life, failing to kill Hitler had some dire consequences. For starters your family would be put into concentration camps under the watchful eye of Dr. Joseph Mengele, nazi scientist by day, competition moderator by night. Fun fact, the time machine used in the tournament was actually created by our favorite Angel of Death himself. But taking your family wasn't the only consequence. Failures are put into a slip in spacetime unaffected by the rest of the universe for indefinite periods. Simply put, once you go in your body is frozen and your brain is trapped in an immortal body. Some refer to this punishment as purgatory but I prefer to call it Hell.

It's this very punishment that keeps participation in the [HIT]ler competition so low. While many claim to want a redo in life, few are willing to take the risk after the televised expulsion of Marilyn Monroe, who failed to kill Hitler in the 7th year of the competition, when she plunged a dagger into Hitler's left eye. While not all of the facts on this year's competition are known, one thing is for certain, eyepatch Hitler is far scarier than two-eyed Hitler.

Keeping this in mind, I sat Hitler down and explained to him that he could become my pupil if he wanted. I had my customized IMI Jericho 941 R under my desk, in case he declined. To my delight however he accepted. After having his parents sign off, lil Hitler and I spent the next four years studying art intensely. I became his role model and guide through life. Quite disturbing for me as I found he was actually a very nice young boy and gave no inkling of becoming the monster we all know him as. Eventually the inner turmoil from this started to take its toll on me. Many days went by, weeks even, when I would forget my purpose of killing this child. My art had sold for millions allowing me to buy my own studio and Hitler had actually spent my allowance to him taking care of his family. Because of my success, his family had birthed two new baby boys, and actually named one after myself...  

Finally, I knew our time together would have to come to an end. Lil Hitler had just designed his masterpiece of masterpieces. He planned to paint all four walls of my studio depicting what he called "Das Leben". The backfacing wall showed Braunau am Inn, his hometown, in dark shades. The two side walls were a morphing effect of color ranging from dark to light leading to the front wall in which an angel was cradling all of Germany. I knew it would be a success and turn my studio into an instant tourist attraction. 

That night, I hired a man to kidnap Hitler and drown him in the nearby lake. I no longer cared about winning the contest, but couldn't afford to let the boy live either. I gave the man half of all the money I'd made as an artist to do the job, promising the second half after the deed was done. 

I knew something was wrong when I woke up the next morning. I should have woken up back in my own time back in the machine used to send me here. But instead I was still in the studio!? My first thought was that the man had taken the money and ran, or worse had informed the police. Deciding not to take any chances, I packed up my essentials and went into hiding. I tried to locate lil Hitler again, determined to do the dirty work myself this time, but discovered he had never made it home that night. 

Many years passed and I noticed Hitler's face in the local paper. He went under his father's name Alois and had already formed the Nazi party, but far sooner than expected. It was just after WWI and I noticed he had quite a bit of scarring on his face. Immediately I set out to find him, but was denied entry by guarding Nazis. I learned that Hitler wasn't seeing anyone and was practically already leading the country from behind closed doors. Panic started to sweep over me. There wasn't any kind of precedent for anything like this, and to make matters worse, my money was starting to run low. I tried on a daily basis to see Hitler, but was consistently turned away by the guards. I had begun to give up hope and had turned to the bottle to make the next step a little easier. I knew the only way to avoid the hell that awaited me if I returned without killing Hitler... was to kill myself. 

I downed a bottle of whiskey one night and stumbled down the streets, empty bottle in one hand and my Jericho in the other. I didn't even see the group of Nazi officers walking towards me, but the next thing I knew they had rushed me and began beating me, knocking the Jericho out of my hand and pinning me to the ground.

"WAIT!", I heard a familiar voice call before I blacked out. 

When I awoke I was in a dimly lit room decorated as if a king lived there. I noticed a woman by the door and began to ask her where I was. Without answering me, she left the room and a man walked in. I couldn't see him clearly until he was next to my bedside and his face was illuminated by the candlelight. 

"Lil Hitler?", I asked?

With tears in his eyes, he responded that no one had called him that in years. My mind was racing. What happened? Where had he gone? What was going on!? He sat next to me on the bed and patiently explained what had happened over the past several years. The man I hired did indeed kidnap him, though Hitler was still oblivious to the fact that I had hired the man. However instead of killing him, the man kept him prisoner along with several other children and was using them for slave labor. The man as Hitler described him was, "some old fat Jewish fuck who used them to increase his wealth". Panic gripped my heart as I realized it was my fault this had come to be. He went on to explain how he led the children to rebel against the man years after he'd been kidnaped. Once free however, Hitler knew the other boys wouldn't survive on their own. Many had been slaves much longer than he had and due to a mistake at the local police station they were recruited for the war effort instead of returned to their families. He continued to lead the boys in war and had become an amazing leader, inspiring hope in boys and men who had none. Many of his comrades died in the first world war, but those who survived were among his top Nazi officers. 

He then explained how he'd found me drunk in the streets with a gun and pulled his men off just before I lost consciousness. He wanted to know why I was there with the gun. I told him the truth, that I had planned on killing myself. Tears once again welled up in his eyes and he asked why on earth I would want to kill myself. 

*lub dub... lub dub... lub dub... lub dub.. lub dub lubdub lubdublubdublubdub*

My heart pace quickened and my voice cracked. I motioned for him to come closer. 

"Because I thought I would never see you again", I said as I reached for his throat hurling both of us to the floor. With a vice like grip, I closed his windpipe and watched the horror in his teary eyes. When their light disappeared, I stood up and waited to be transported back to my own time. I knew it would take several minutes so I paced the room, trying to keep lil Hitler's lifeless body out of view. 

That was when I saw it, a drawing in the corner of the room. I picked up the candle light and creeped towards it. What I saw filled me with horror and gloom. It was a drawing of one of the concentration camps with a line of Jews going into an incinerator... with dark lines coming out the other side, splitting off creating the rest of the artwork. I traced my finger along it in horror and noticed some residue rub off. Charcoal?

 I moved the candle light around to see a message of the bottom.

"Dedicated to the man who inspired my art"

And beneath, my own name. 