One of the things I learned—well after the fact, of course—is that the summoning medium greatly influences the creature summoned. 

For example, using a circle of fresh blood on a stone floor while reciting words of power will conjure a demon of stone and blood, terrifying and strong. Drawing runes using powdered gems on a loamy forest floor with words of growth will summon a demon of wood and earth, which will corrupt and twist natural life wherever its feet touch the ground. And if you're *really* into taking risks, burn certain types of incense in a censer and swing it in just the right ways to form the needed runes out of the smoke. You'll get a demon of wind and fire, and not even God can help you if you mess that one up. 

Like I said, I learned all of this later. Much later. Far too late to have done me any good. 

I'd offered to make the cake against my better judgement, all because I wanted to be the "cool auntie". Problem is, I'm not a baker, I don't even *like* baking, and my artistic abilities regarding cake decorating are pretty much non-existent. Still, it was for my niece's fifth birthday party and I'd do anything for that girl, so...

Here's me, covered in flour and with a bit of eggshell stuck to the back of my right hand, finally satisfied that the cake I'd just made is cool enough to frost. I have bowl full of plain, white frosting, and several different colors already loaded into pastry bags. 

I set to work, and immediately know I'm out of my depth. My niece wanted the characters from My Little Pony on her cake, and the... *creatures* I have created bear no resemblance to the cutesy cartoon horses I'd printed off of the 'net for reference. In a flash of inspiration, I decided to write their names under each colorful blob, just so that everyone would know who they were supposed to be. 

If there is talent involved in writing words with a pastry bag, I discovered then that I completely lacked any such talent. The words I scrawled underneath the vaguely four-legged blobs didn't resemble their names at all. In fact, the words didn't even resemble *English*. 

Still, I soldiered on, creating a work of pure horror while singing along to "Louis Louis" on the radio and making up the lyrics as I went along. 

"Louis Lou-eye! Whoah, Nelly! Flee-babba-bo, now! Louis-Lou-eye! Whoah-oh! Boo-bibby-new-now!" 

And that's when it happened. The cake *jumped*, pinging half a foot off of the counter before landing with a dull thud. The kitchen lights flickered fitfully, and I backed away, pink icing spilling onto my shirt from the pastry bag I was clutching to my chest. A low moaning sound started out of thin air and my hair moved in the mild breeze that sprung up unexpectedly in my kitchen. 

Fissures appeared in the cakes frosting as some *thing* began to lever it's way out of the top of it. A six-fingered hand, white streaked with pastel colors, rose up out of the confection then slammed down on the top of the cake. The thing began to pull itself out of the frosting, revealing smoothly muscled arms and a ridged back. It had a head with deep-set red eyes, and a wide mouth full of wickedly-pointed translucent teeth. 

"GRAOOOW!" it thundered, drawing itself up to its full height. Which was all of about four inches. 

"Oh, God!" I screamed. "You're so *cute*!" Yes, I have weird tastes. 

"What?" the thing squeaked, blinking. "Hey, wait!" 

But it was too late. I'd scooped it up and was currently cuddling the tiny little thing to my chest. 

"RELEASE ME, MORTAL!" it said, batting ineffectually at my face with its tiny hands. 

"Oh, sorry. That was rude of me." I set it down on the counter top. "Who... *what* are you? And why did you come out of my cake?" 

The tiny creature drew itself up, obviously trying to gather together whatever tatters remained of its dignity. "I am a demon, mortal!" 

"Really? Wow. Why are you here?" 

"You summoned me!" 

I considered that for a while. "No, I don't think I did." 

The demon scowled up at me. "You did so! You wrote the magic runes and recited the Words of Power!" 

Words of power? I thought back, trying to remember. "Boo-bibby-new-now?"

It grimaced. "Aye. That is my name. I... am Bu-Bihbbyen-Ehwenow, Demon Prince of Confection. And you, mortal, have summoned me at your peril!" 

"Huh. You don't say." 

"I do say!" Bu stamped his tiny foot, leaving a streak of blue frosting on the counter top. "You may now demand one service of me. Though, be wary, for doing so may put you in my debt."

His eyes, I realized, looked like little those little round cinnamon candies some people sometimes used for baking. His teeth, plainly visible in its widely grinning mouth, were obviously sugar crystals. He looked about as threatening as a newborn kitten. 

Still, I'm not one to take chances with demons. 

"Look, I'm going to be honest. I kinda summoned you by accident." 

Red eyes narrowed and his grin vanished. "What?"

"No, seriously. Completely by accident. I didn't even believe demons actually existed before." 

His sugary little face crumbled. "But... but the sacred writings..." 

"Bad handwriting, sorry. I'm not good with a pastry bag." 

"But you said my *name*!" 

"Kinda, I guess? I was just singing along to a silly song on the radio." 

Bu was silent for a while. Then he sniffled. With some alarm, I noticed tears welling up in his eyes. 

"Nobody ever summons me!" he wailed. 

"Oh, hey..." I said, trying to make comforting gestures with my hands. "Hey, now..." 

"It's true! They all want the *powerful* ones. The *impressive* ones! And I'm *neither*!" 

"Oh, come on, now..." I said, still making placating gestures. 

"I'm totally useless!" 

"Nah... hey? Naah..." Seriously, I couldn't seem to shut myself up. 

"An' I thought... I thought..." he sniffled again. "*I thought somebody wanted me!*" 

"Oh, hey, now," I said, desperate now as tears began to drip down his cheeks. I was worried he might dissolve himself. "Look, it's not that bad..." 

"Not that bad? Not that bad! I've spent an eternity waiting, and nobody *ever* summoned me before tonight, and that was an *accident*!" He kicked at an errant lump of frosting, which arced away somewhere. He collapsed and put is tiny head in his hands. "No wonder all the other demons laugh at me. I'm just a joke..." 

I stood there awkwardly for a while, rubbing my upper arm with my hand and trying to avoid eye contact while still keeping an eye on him. After a while, he seemed to calm down. 

"So, uh..." I began, and he looked up. "Not to be rude, but..." 

"But?" 

"How do I... um..." I waved my hand vaguely. "How do I... well, unsummon you." 

"You're going to banish me? Just like that? Without even asking for a favor or anything?" 

"Well, it seems like a bad idea to get involved with demons. Sorry." 

He sighed, shoulders slumping. "I suppose I see your point. Nothing I could do would be worth your immortal soul anyway." 

"My immortal soul," I said, voice flat. "No, I can't say it would be. What would you even do with that, anyway?"

"We demons trade in souls, you see," Bu said. "We use them for everything. Housing, influence, everything. I have a particularly nice sulfur field I've had my eye on for a new home, but I can't even come close to affording it!" He sighed. "I work, and work, and work, and I haven't even earned a single soul yet." 

"Demons work?" 

"Yes. Lesser demons work for greater demons. But we never earn enough for a soul." 

"So, you work for basically nothing? You don't even get paid in partial souls?" 

Bu laughed, bitterly. "There is no such thing as a partial soul. It is all or nothing. Usually, for demons like me, it's nothing."

I gaped at him. "But what if something you want to buy is only worth half a soul, or less. What then?" 

"Nothing costs less than one soul, even when it should. One or more souls, only." 

I considered this for a while. "You know, up on Earth we just use money for goods and services, rather than immortal souls. Much more efficient."

His head came up and he looked at me with open curiosity. "Money? Explain to me this... money." 

We talked for a few hours after that, Bu filling me in on the hierarchies of Hell, and me explaining everything I knew about economics. Which had been my major in college and was the field I worked in. By the end of our talk, he was much more energized and optimistic. He even shook my hand—well, my pinkie finger—as he said his goodbyes. 

I ended up throwing the sad remains of my pony cake away and buying one at the store the next day. No way I was going to feed my precious niece a dessert capable of summoning demons. 

I had a new area of study, and spent the next few months buying every book and throwing myself into every group even tangentially related to the occult that I could find. And, yeah, it turns out that there really *are* people who summon demons, either for fun or for profit. 

Imagine everyone's surprise when the demons started demanding human currency in payment, rather than souls. It turned out that Hell was due for an economic shake-up, and Bu was just the right guy to get the ball rolling. He's doing really well, now, from what he tells me when he visits. And, hey, the good news is that human souls are now pretty much worthless for trade. Not worth the expense it takes to hold onto them. 

Bu is going to show up today for another of our weekly chats. I think today is the day I'll tell him about sub-prime mortgages. This should be a hoot. 