“When’s he gonna paint it...come on come on...”

*-a little bit of the Indian red, combine that with the titanium white-*

“You know he always adds at least one.”

“Yeah, but that’s half the battle. *At least one.* You have to watch the whole episode, just counting the number of times he fu-“

*and a Happy Little Tree*

“There! See, we almost missed it.”

“Yeah, yeah.”

Bart made a tally mark on a small, yellow legal pad with “The Joy of Painting: Season 2 Episode 5: Cabin by a Brook” at the top.he looked up and asked, “Okay, so just one for this episode?”

Jeremy turned and made a sound somewhere between clearing his throat and agreement before adding, “Yeah, we can move on to,” he leaned back to check a schedule on the wall, “ ‘Mountains and Clouds’ good God haven’t we done that one yet?”

Bart and Jeremy were a pair of ‘Ross and Founders,’ a group that had formed in the wake of Steve Ross’s stunning announcement: his father, Bob Ross, the most soothing voice and patient painting instructor in the history of daytime public television, had been discharged from the United States Air Force in 1981 after stealing something from Area 51.

At first, the group had been small. The theory was one drop in an ocean of conspiracies, fueled by the sudden accessibility of insanity via the internet. But that had changed once Bob Ross had become a meme. Every episode was mined for meme formats: screenshots, ridiculous closed captions, gifable instances of ‘Beating the Devil Out of It,’ and on and on.

That was when the patterns emerged.

Every time Ross used ‘Titanium White’ he painted ‘A happy little tree.’ Prussian Blue, a ‘puffy cloud friend.’ And if he painted both in an episode, the time stamps provided latitude and longitude coordinates, degree and minute. Watch an entire season, and you came up with 13 distinct locations, each roughly 3 square miles. Which was just a trick of the numbers, because he always painted those things.

Except that Bart and Jeremy had visited one of those areas, and just there, in an Appalachian Valley, they’d seen it.

‘Bridge to Autumn.’

It was *exactly* as Bob Ross had painted it. Not a rock was out of place in the field of Kentucky Blue Grass that led to the dried creek bed filled with brown, red, and golden leaves.

“Look, Jeremy, we’re just trying to decipher a master thief’s treasure map, hidden in what was basically a public access landscape painting program. It’s gonna take some effort.” Bart tried to encourage without sounding condescending, but Bob Ross must have heard them, as he always seemed to-

*Isn’t it a perfect day to admire God’s creations with a friend?*

Jeremy sighed and checked Bob’s pallet for Phthalo Blue again.