Well, this is awkward. I'm used to getting into a body, noticing that one thing they are passionate about, and racing back to my own body. These things are kept track of, you know. If people's skills weren't tracked, the world would just be chaos. People would choose their own jobs willy nilly, without thought to what they do the absolute best. This time however, I just can't place my finger on it. 

The first day I was in Irene, I thought she was best at singing. Her voice lifted with ease and clarity, and lured people closer as if she were a Siren of old. But, mentally adding that as her skill of note did not transfer me back to my own body. 

The second day she danced. Irene never stumbled or missed a step, kept the coreography pictured perfectly in her mind. 

I've been here a month now, and each day she displays some other skill I hadn't thought of, some other skill to mark down that will never get me out of her. Puzzles, carving, pottery, speed-reading, even killing video game bosses in record time. Today marks the 31st day of my attempt to figure out Irene's absolute best skill. I am starting to think that I need to just say that she is skilled at everything she tries, but that doesn't sit well with me. I've always had a great insight into what people are good at. 

Irene wakes, batting away the covers. She shuffles to the fridge, a bit unkempt. This is out of her norm so far. Every day she has been done up, always presentable to the societal expectation of what a standard man wants. Currently, however, her hair is sticking up all sorts of ways from sleeping. The pixie cut looking more like a manic pixie than a fairy tale. She grabs a drink and a few snacks. Irene makes her way back to the bed, still sluggish. She turns on the TV that is positioned at the end and flips the channel until the one she is looking for comes on. 

Game shows and women-oriented drama shows take up the remainder of the day. Is this what she is good at? Relaxing for a day, once a month? I try noting that down, and slowly feel the haze of the transfer start to pull me in.

(AN: First time poster, please be gentle)