As long as I can remember, that sleek, sly giant has been watching me. He’s been pestering me my entire life. 

He’s nice enough, I suppose, for a penguin. I don’t mind his company sometimes it’s just that when you spend every waking minute of your life with the same personality glued to your side... it gets old. 

He’s been there for my most intimate of moments which is the worst part. You think I can jack off properly with that guy looming over my shoulder? Asking me why I always lean toward the blonde bimbo type? Hell, I can’t even take a shit by myself. But anyways. No one else can see him, they never have been able to until earlier today and that’s where this story should be headed. 

“Alright buddy, this is the big day.” I yawned as I reached over his squishy body to turn off my alarm clock. “My brunch date with Maria is scheduled for an hour from now and I’m pretty stressed so I’ve gotta ask..” 

“Yeah, Jim? What’s the question? You want me to help you do your hair? I don’t have any but I bet I’d be pretty good at it!” 

“No, man. I wanted to ask for a little privacy in the shower this morning.” I said cautiously. He looked hurt. “I just need to do some deep thinking and chill a little bit. This is an important one. I mean, you saw how gorgeous she was!” 

“Yeah... she’s blonde. I know.” It took some more convincing but eventually I got to stand by myself in the shower. No soapy flippers that I needed to protect my crevices from. He did wait on the other side of the curtain but that’s a given. He never does stray far. 

I gave in and did eventually let him scoop out my hair gel for me. I chuckled as he slipped some on his own smooth head. He’s ridiculous and honestly, I was in such a great mood that I felt nothing could ever spoil it. I wish that had been the case... 

I arrived to the cafe and she looked even more beautiful than she had on her tinder profile. She wore a short yellow dress, her breasts overflowing from the frills on top. And her bright blonde hair tumbling past her shoulders in long curls. I wished I could kiss her right then. 

The date was seemingly going on without a hitch and we got on very well. Conversations about our majors and all other aspects of our lives. I wanted to marry her immediately if I’m being honest. But then, she asked the question. 

“So, what’s the deal with the penguin?” She looked at me quizzically. And that was it. I got up and left because I’ll be damned if I’m going to date someone that crazy. 

