Making yourself a god is not as hard as you would think. Coming back from the dead was always the plan, but to what effect I had no idea.

The Council of Eight pre-planned the entirety of the event. The 8 of us drew out what morales we would hold, what actions were commands, and what disobedience consisted of. The most powerful weapon of any religion is exile. We the Council had observed other religions and saw that religion is ultimately a government over the mind. By default, if you create those commands, then you have deep control over those who believed in it.

Writing the Kraesha was a difficult task. Five years to be exact. Naturally, I had positioned myself as the head creator of this...task. Divinely inspired (for who would claim to not be?).


Little did the Council know that I had alluded to a savior. A god. An Exile who was one of the Elites own. He would bring an end to corruption and those who committed their lives to this being would be led into a divine Hades. An underworld of both darkness and light. Permanent eternity from the hell that we all live in.  


No one ever reads the terms & conditions, just as the Council never read the Kraesha. And so I planned my own exile as I wrote it.  Growing the following was easy. You start with the dregs of society, manipulate local media to publicize and exaggerate. Next, target the Elite, have their businesses sponsor such acts of charity. Finally, brick & mortar your religion into credibility. If you have a building, then you have a god. 


Preachers flocked to it in droves. It spoke of peace, freedom, and wisdom. Promising financial success to those who gave, health to those who prayed, and freedom to those who were previously slaves to other religious dead ends.


The masterpiece being, people soon asked, "Who is Our God? Who is OUR leader? 



Swift movement in the dark, money in the right pocket, and blood in the streets. A poster, a sign. And suddenly, torches. Torches everywhere. As I stepped into cryogenic freeze, the best money could buy, the world believed I died in a fire, burned for all to see. 



I was gone with wind.




Or so they thought. My poor brother was on his way to the grave anyways, and the makeup artist was very willing to oblige. Its a shame she had to....disappear. 



Waking up was timed perfectly. An altar was built where I had died, and I climbed right out through the trap-door under it into the middle of the annual service. It was the ceremony dictated by the  Kraesha to celebrate the coming return of The God That Is I.


The world is stunned, and thus now begins the final chapter. Where the rules change when He Who Was and Is returns. War is Peace, Freedom is Slavery, and Ignorance is Strength. 



All at my Command. 