Steam drifted from the blackened clothes of the little girl who walked through the doors of the orphanage. She held Miss Marieanne's hand tightly, and although the older woman wore gloves, the girl's palms were quickly scorching holes through them. But Miss Marieanne did not let go. And she certainly did not show any signs of discomfort on her face. For, although she did not have any of the so called diseases the orphans had, she knew full well what it was like to be rejected by one's parents. To be all alone in the world. 

That's why she had opened the orphanage. 

The child she brought with her today was completely bald. Even her eyebrows and lashes were missing. As if they had been burned away. Someone had called the authorities earlier that morning after spotting smoke drifting out of the back of an abandoned car. The police, in turn, had found the girl and called Miss Marieanne.

"I want to go home," whispered the child, tears welling in her eyes before they almost instantly dried, leaving only growing pools of salt on her cheeks. Her green eyes darted around the large reception room. The place was ancient and dark. Wooden panels. Antiques. Even a stone statue of a child resting against one of the walls. This wasn't a place to find happiness.

"You are home," Miss Marieanne replied, not unkindly.

She shook her head. "I don't belong here." A pause. "Or anywhere."

Miss Marieanne walked in front of the girl and knelt down so that she was eye level. "I know what happened, Olivia. And I know you were only trying to look after your little sister. To comfort her. It wasn't your fault, I promise."

"Then why did they abandon me?!" Deep red flames burst out of her cheeks as she spoke, but they quickly died down, as anger was quenched by a wave of sadness. This time, her voice was pleading. "Why did they leave me?"

"Because they didn't know how to look after you," Miss Marieanne replied.

"They thought I'd kill her. Or else I'd burn the whole house down one night when having a nightmare. Kill all of us."

"Possibly. But that won't happen here, Olivia. We already have a room prepared for you. No matter how hot your skin becomes, you will be quite safe."

The child said nothing, but her eyes wandered back to the statue. A young boy with great big wings. Why couldn't she have been cursed like that? To have wings. To be able to fly away from Mom and Dad. From this terrible place. 

From the world.

"We need to get you some food," said Miss Marieanne. "The snacks you had in the car aren't going to make up for two whole weeks without a thing, are they now?"

"I'm not hungry," she protested.

Miss Marieanne examined her glove. Not as fire resistant as she'd been led to believe -- it was already more hole than material. All the same, she reached out and ran her hand over the child's smooth head.

Olivia flinched at the touch, then took a step back. She hadn't been touched in... Not since she'd cradled her little sister. Then she saw the woman's palm. It was already red and blistered. She knew what would happen to it next. Big red welts would grow. There might be scars long after, too. "I hurt you," the child said, trembling. "I hurt you. I hurt you."

"I'm fine," Miss Marieanne lied.

"I can't stay here. I don't want to hurt people!"

Miss Marieanne was about to reply, when a loud crack echoed through the reception. Olivia turned her head to see the statue in the corner walking towards them. Where it had previously been standing, there now lay a small pile of  rubble. 

"Ah, I see you're up already, Thomas," said Miss Marieanne. "Come say hello to our new arrival."

The gargoyle yawned as he sauntered over to them. His rocky back was slumped ever so slightly, as if the weight of the stone wings was a little too much for his legs.

Olivia stepped back as the creature approached. 

"Don't be nervous," said Miss Marieanne. "This is Thomas. He's just like you. Another child that we look after. He's a year older than you, and been here six months."

Thomas held out a craggy hand as he neared, and wore a broad grin. "Don't worry, this place isn't as bad as it looks. I'm Tom. What's your name?"

Olivia shook her head. "I can't. I'll burn you. I... can't."

Thomas laughed. A deep welcoming rumble. "You might think you're hot, but you're not that hot!"

"Go ahead," Miss Marieanne said reassuringly. "And Thomas, less of those jokes, please." 

Olivia's hand trembled as she raised it up. Thomas jerked his hand forward and took it, shaking it firmly. 

Olivia's mouth dropped open as she stared at him dumbstruck. "What are..."

"It's okay," Thomas said. "First day is always the hardest. You never think you're going to fit in. But after a while, you feel like you're part of the furniture." He winked. 

The girl paused, then grinned. "I'm Olivia." 

"Well, hi, Olivia. I can guess why you might have had a tough time on the outside. Can't touch anyone without burning them, right? You're not the only one. We've got this one kid who is just like a hedgehog, and--" He paused. "Well, what I mean is, if you ever need a hug or something, you just come see me any time. Lots of peop--" 

He almost fell back in surprise as the little girl leapt forward and wrapped her arms around him.

Tom looked at Miss Marieanne. She nodded, and so Tom hugged her back, albeit cautiously. Slowly, he let his big wings wrap around her, engulfing her. 

When he finally let go, Miss Marieanne noticed a smile on Olivia's bright red lips.

"Perhaps Tom, you would be so kind as to show Olivia around? Help her get to grips with the day to day running of the orphanage." 

Tom nodded and took Olivia's hand again. "Sure. I'll take her under my wing." He smiled at Olivia. "Come on, I've got some friends I'd like you to meet."

Miss Marieanne watched silently as the two children walked away, Tom stomping, Olivia as light as a wisp. 

She could feel her own body growing heavy as the tiredness she'd been holding back, set firmly in. She imagined what it must be like for Tom to carry all that weight all the time.

Once the two kids were out of sight, Miss Marieanne examined her palm. The burn might leave a slight scar, she considered. But that was okay. She had already gained a hundred other battle wounds since opening the building -- each a souvenir, an unsaid thank you, that would stay with her long after the children had left. 

Her phone began to ring.

She allowed herself a deep breath, before composing herself and answering. It was the same police officer as earlier, and she knew what he was going to say before he had even started talking.

She looked at the burn on her hand and swallowed back her exhaustion. "I'll be there as soon as possible."

---

Thanks for the lovely comments, and for the silver and gold! I didn't have plans to carry it on originally, but I'm now thinking of doing so (the comments have been very encouraging). If you'd like to follow, in case I do, I made a sub for it where you can do so: https://www.reddit.com/r/orphanageforheroes 