 

She had seen it all before. The first time was when Queen Victoria was on the throne, actually right after she had been crowned Empress of India. Emily had been on the corner of Euston Road, dressed as a man as she so often was when the fight broke out between two young fellows.It was over a girl, of course and Emily watched closely, fascinated by the men's behaviour and wondering how the girl must feel, having the men punch each other so passionately in the hopes of winning her gentle heart. She knew not what it was to have a man, having been a curious child full of questions and a father that only sought to give her dolls and dance classes and other such dull pastimes; Emily had never found any men that had much interest in a young woman like her.

Having easy access to higher education through her brother, John, Emily took utmost advantage. John, a stupid man and a secret drunk, had taken accommodation near University College London in the hopes of fooling his parents into thinking he was attending the classes there after their mother had cried and begged him to on her knees in her best dress no less. It had happened before the annual Christmas ball where all of Mothers friends would be boasting of their sons accomplishments and their daughters babies. John had caved and Emily could not have been more delighted at this development, and shamelessly stealing his name and some of his old clothes, Emily became John Galloway, a respected student in the science program who particularly excelled in biology lessons. 

It was in the year 1881 that she first had the inspiration for her serum. She had known even in the beginning of its conception that it would be hard to convince her colleagues and mentors of it, after all every scientists and doctors dream was to find a new disease rather than a new cure and the cure for death itself would be contested beyond anything before it. Emily had spent a small fortune on some rather ghastly embroidery samples at Mrs Simmons haberdashery that she presented to her mother on occasion to keep the questions regarding her frequent absence at bay. Emily spent more and more time at the labs, her peers viewing her as a small strange man of great intensity that showed no interest in their sports and was strangely formal, never  being seen without his hat.

At one point, in the 1930’s, Emily had thought that people were more forward thinking and open minded than ever before and had broached the subject of her serum with some peers of hers. They were old by then and had accused her of being a Nazi conspiracist. She had laid low for a while after that particular scandal, living the lonely life of an old spinster while posing in the body of a twenty year old man on the outside and at night, behind her drapes, still being the young Emily Galloway of long brown hair and rosebud lips. 

It was in 1968 when she broached the subject of her serum again. This time, she tried to present it in her own name. The world had progressed to a time where women were scientists, freedom was everywhere and perhaps the psychedelics had given her the courage. Also, John was long dead now of alcohol poisoning and using his name seemed inconvenient. Emily had bought a mini skirt and felt terribly shocked as she walked down the street in it, her long pale legs growing browner over time as she amusedly watched Twiggy brand the androgyny that had been hers for the past eighty years. This time when she presented her cure, she was seen as a crazy woman and labelled delusional. She appeared to be a young woman and there was no record of her having any scientific training after all so she did sort of understand their position when then so rudely kicked her out onto the street.

At that point, Emily had decided to try her luck in America. Perhaps in America, they wouldn't be able to check her educational records and dismiss her so easily. With this thought, she decided to leave England now and packing a small bag and boarding a direct flight on American Airlines, Emily started anew, the only remnant of London her now vast collection of mini skirts. 

She had arrived in California, a seemingly young English girl with knowledge of science and human nature far beyond the facade of her smooth skin and high voice. Emily quickly became ridiculed in the world of American television. Documentaries were made on the speculations of the state of her mind and press followed her whenever they saw her. John’s old clothes no longer any use to her and wishing that the bright California sun could be swapped with the overcast smog of 1800’s London, Emily returned to a changed England in 1987 after her almost twenty year exile. Her desperation mounted as the AIDS epidemic took lives, needless deaths occurring everywhere but Emily helpless in the face of the disbelief of the scientific community. 

It was 2005 before she had the courage to try again. The world wide web had been launched fifteen years before and Emily had overheard two men talking about it at the pub, her head bent over her full English and buried in a newspaper. After being hunted by paparazzi, one always hides to some extent. They had spoken about the anonymity and what sort of nudity was available with a service like this and about how setting up an email address in anybodies name was possible; the missus would never know. Nor would anyone who could discredit her. Emily had set up an email address in the name of her old University lecturer, Horatio Walker. A man was still more credible than a woman however much advance there had been, Emily knew that. Men were trusted more and no man was more imposing than Horatio Walker had been with his monocle and large frame that would be seen as unhealthy in 2005 but was distinguished in 1886. The day she met him, he had looked over his books at her with that squint that may have meant glaucoma but seemed simply intimidating at the time. Emily was disappointed when she was largely ignored again which she supposed she preferred over being ridiculed like in California.

In 2007, Emily had had enough. There was plenty of American footage of her that she could prove she was the same person and unaged. Gathering all of her courage one day and wishing for the psychedelics of the 60’s, Emily marched into ITV studios armed with all of the footage and her birth certificate and demanded to see a production director. She had sat with him for hours and hours, explaining everything as she looked into his earnest brown eyes. He had asked if she would like to shoot a pilot for a reality television show and she had nodded eagerly accepting on the spot. Everything was about to be okay, the world to fixed of motherless children and her small dingy flat left to another poor soul trying to find success in the filthy beast of London.

In order to film, the kind man with the brown eyes had asked her to undergo some simple tests and the tests started out simple at first. As the weeks went by, she was asked to become an inpatient just for one night and that was where her mistake happened. She had one more grain of faith in the human race or in the man with brown eyes and that was how Emily Galloway lost fifteen years of her life, so drugged up that she was no more than a vegetable for part of it and then, once the scientists had had their way with her and any possible explanation and excuse for her age ruled out, she was dropped off outside ITV studios in a coat and a brown bag with some personal items in it. 

Lost and lonely, Emily stumbled over the Waterloo bridge of clear mind for the first time in fifteen years but maybe of clear mind for the first time ever. Nobody was to be trusted and she couldn't help anyone. As she passed Covent Gardens, she gave up the world as a place of senseless darkness and stumbling past the columns of the The British Museum, she embraced mistrust for humanity as humanity had mistrusted her.                                          

On the corner of Euston Road, two men fought over a woman. Emily had been a spectator to so much life, and here, her long brown hair tangled from lack of care, watching men lock horns over a woman again, she felt old and tired, a lonesome soul of too many years. 