"You are mine but you aren't hers."  
I'm stunned. Seeing how calm my father said that means he's in the know. Unbelievable is an understatement of the year. Who in the world would sell their flesh and blood for power? Who?  
"So, dad. Now you're telling me I'm not mom's only child?"  
"Yes."  
Damn, dad! Show some remorse. Or at least empathy. You never talk about this. Ever. Mom died when I was 5. You never told me any lore that could prepare me for this kind of bull. All you do all day was telling me to live life as normal as can be. What the hell?  
You promised me to another being in exchange for your lame a$$ mind controlling power. What kind of a father are you? You offered me to *Angel* like being & that never occurred to you to tell me even a bit of it. I applaud for your poor judgement & idiocy.  
And as if that is not bad enough, now I learned that I also have a brother. A stepbrother to be exact. And to make things much worse, he's a Dark Prince in need of assistance to fight a rebellion in the godly realm.  
Now I have *Angel* that come to claimed me & a Dark Prince of a (step)brother that needed my help. That is just great. Just great!  
"Dad, can you explain this from the top. Please!"  
I plead.  
"As you know, your late mother have her eggs frozen. She never told me the reason why, but she did told me 1 batch of the eggs got lost with no explanation. It is unknown whether it got fertilized by sperm or not until a 20 years ago; when Demiglass, the Dark God of Qwebbone come visiting with Azolorra, the Dark Prince. Demiglass only told your mom and me Azolorra is her firstborn. Azolorra was 5 at the time. I was confused as your mother too."  
Wow... Dad. As a person with mind controlling power you really don't know how to explain things. No wonder you aren't able to climb higher than where you are. Pathetic. You have an audience that hearing your story too; *Angel* and Azolorra.  
Azolorra still levitating just behind Dad and *Angel* is exploring the house like a trapped mouse. Both of them exude a polar opposite vibe of each other.  
"Your mom later told me about her teenage years. About how she involved in this witch circle out of curiosity. She have this friend that been abused by her partner. To exact revenge, she offer her firstborn to Dark Gods. Surely enough nothing happened right away. It was 3 years after, the guy died a horrible death. At the death scene there was a witches ritual circle but nobody ever expect that the Dark God himself did that. Not even your mom."  
Way to go, Demiglass. Took you 3 years to entertain a request from this world. No wonder nobody believed you were real.  
"How about you, Dad? In what world you have the idea to summoned this *Angel* being and offered your firstborn?"  
"Urrrrmmmm... I was bored when I fell on what I thought an alien ship."  
"You was bored & you fell?" I yell in disbelief. I tell you, this man is my dad but I'm nothing like this idiot.  
"Yeah! It was like that. They offered me a supernatural power and Prof X is like a rage that time. So..." He trail off. He have the audacity to trail off. I bet you I can hear Azolorra let out a chuckle.  
"Do you even asked for the term or any price?"  
"No."  
Oh my god!!!  
I'm almost fainted hearing his answer. Azolorra seriously let him self go and laugh loudly. *Angel* unaware of all things happening only stand there with a plate upside down on his hand.  
I got sold to *Angel* like being because my dad is an idiot nerd that wanted Prof X's power. God!!!

