"..in my district, we don't take this kind of thing lightly. And so we find ourselves..."   
  
The Senator paused and looked down at his notes. When he'd brought them to the dais the night before, it had seemed like a bottomless source of material. Now, with the papers all askew, their backs covered with hastily scribbled notes, he realized it had been too little, too late. He rubbed the bridge of his nose. He was thankful that he'd opted for a pair of New Balance tennis shoes, complete with orthopedic inserts. But at his age, at any age, spending 20 hours on your feet takes a certain toll.  
  
Sensing weakness, the Majority Leader interjected, "If the honorable Senator from Tennessee is done lecturing to this body, we request that he yield for a vote."   
  
For a moment Senator Rich considered gathering the notes up and starting again from the top, but he know he couldn't swing it. He had another hour in him, maybe. Any longer than that and he wouldn't be able to walk out of there. He thought vaguely about his son, Richard. He wouldn't let Richy see his father on CNN, being carried off the Senate floor like a side of beef. He'd have to call it, but not yet. Not on Majority Leader Frisk's terms. *Fuck you, Frisk.*   
  
"What was that?" asked the Majority Leader.   
  
"I do not yield," replied Senator Rich. He stuffed his hand in his pocket, and looked up at the senate floor. They'd all gathered here, all 100 Senators, for the first time in years, to make the vote. And all of his effort had been for nothing. It would be historic, and he knew it. But his gut told him that history would judge them all for what they did here, and him all the more for having known better and failed to stop it.  
  
"We find ourselves," he began again. He dug deep into his mind, jostling the repository of old Smoky Mountain wisdom that had served him so well for two decades. It was no good--nothing came to him.  A new thread of thought entered his mind, and he began again, saying "What I know to be true,"    
  
*Is that I'm too old to change your minds...* The words came up of their own accord, and caught him in the chest. As he gripped the dais to steady himself, a familiar snarl crossed his lips, *.. but I'm too damned stubborn to let you bastards win.*  
  
He jangled the keys in his pocket, and he felt it. His totem. A gift from his only son.  
  
He gazed around the room, at the downcast eyes of his defeated cohorts and the smirks of his political enemies. He pulled the totem out of his pocket, hefted it in his hand, feeling the weight of the fine brass. Then he knew exactly what Rich would be watching on CNN that night, and he smiled. He tossed the totem on the dais. It whirled and turned, bouncing from facet to facet.   
   
20 .  
  
Crit.    
  
He rolled his weight forward, onto the balls of his feet. He stood tall onto his toes, then let his weight fall back onto his heels. He felt as light as a feather. Roguish, even. 

"We find ourselves... in a cavern of *huge* proportions," he began. "By the light of our torches, we cannot see the ceiling. The walls are wet with grime. They run out to each side, and fade into the distance..."