          Captain Sarratt stood at the bridge of his ship. He and his crew had been observing the third planet from the star G34-S890 for fifty-eight cycles. The planet was rich in resources but also host a multitude of life forms. It was his job to decide if it was worth the time and materials to mine and/or enslave the planet. 
	
	“Latest report, Captain,” A voice of the income said. After a moment countless documents, videos, audio-recordings, and 3-D recordings from this cycle were available to him. Captain Sarratt had reviewed hundreds of reports of the alpha organism, humans, of this planet. And every time he was awed. 

	He opened the report. First item showed a human man cuddling, cuddling mind you, a beta organism. Pervious reports showed the man had selected the beta organism from a kennel and took it back to his hive. Sarratt assumed the man was going to eat it. But no, the man instead raised it! The beta organism didn’t even hunt or entertain the man it seemed to be there purely for companionship. It was... pitifully adorable.
	
           Second item held detail of a human woman who lived in a more dangerous part of the planet. Her hive pathetic, her health poor, her overlords harsh. Life as it should be for the lower class. 
             Inside her hive was another other human of an even lower class than she. The overlords were hunting this other human; the woman would gain much by handing them over to her rulers. But instead she hid them, endangering herself further! They ate her food and lived in her home. And the woman gained nothing from their presence. Again, amazing. In a sorry kind of way. 

            Third item was a 3D scan of crippled human in a “wheeled chair.” This item was an example of the many pieces of technology created to help disabled human be productive in their society. Sarratt could understand these devices being handed out to war veterans; beings of the highest classes, or even to help aid in the recovery of injury. But, again, this human did not fit any of those requirements. Instead the human had been born horrible malformed, never to walk. Instead of killing her and her parent to prevent contamination of the gene pool the humans worked to make her life easier. In many of the well-developed cities there were structures and devices to help the disabled function. Sarratt felt warmth growing in his chest that had nothing to do with his heat regulator.

	Captain Sarratt, proud leader of the 53th fleet, manager of over 73 systems, murder of 573 beings, was forced to admit to himself that these “humans” were simply to cute to kill. 

	“Create official report,” Captain said to his screen.

        “Most esteemed and terrifying Admiral Gammon,
         After fifty plus cycles I have come to the conclusion that G34-S890-P3 is unsuitable for mining and that the alpha organisms are too weak and dumb to be any use as slaves. I recommend I continue my search in another solar system. Attached are the ship’s statistics and crew report. I await your orders. 
       Trembling in your presence, 
       Horrifying Captain Sarratt ”
