"I'll always be there for you," I'd told Julia, sobbing on my shoulder. Her foster parents had chased her out of the house again, and we just sat in the park together.  I lightly lifted her chin to look into her tear-stained eyes, and hugged her close. She seemed to be reassured by my condolences, believing it wholeheartedly. Problem was, powers above heard it too, and wanted to hold me to it.

For a while, things between us seemed to go well. She was very affectionate, wanting to meet up with me every free moment she had available. Her dirty blond hair and quickly developing curves did more for me than affirm my worth as a male. However, she grew restless, checking on me once an hour, calling to make sure I'd made it home okay, wanting to talk late at night for hours on end far beyond the conversation's end, listening to just the sound of me breathing into the receiver.

It got a bit tiresome, and faster than I imagined it would. A couple of weeks later I simply shut my phone off for the weekend. I turned it back on at the start of the school-week to an intense smattering of missed calls and frantic texts. I walked into the crowded hallways before homeroom and saw her running towards me. I didn't mean to abandon her, but I wasn't the superman she'd been expecting of me, and tried to dodge her. She shouted out above the din of the crowd, "Don't leave me! I love you!" 

Suddenly I realized all the red flags popping up all around me that I wasn't right for her. I attempted to dodge her into a nearby hallway, only to find myself immediately back in front of her. It was strange, but confronted with the situation and being able to run away any further simply offered her excuses about how my phone was to blame, that I wasn't trying to ignore her. She accepted the lie, but clung ever tighter to me still. I tried to simply claim being busy with schoolwork and distance myself, pushing her slowly away. Eventually she began to take the hint, and the frantic calls and texts slowed down to a crawl.

Then one night, as sudden as a blink, I found myself facing her shrieking in her room, when just a moment before I was reading in bed. She wasn't screaming at me, but a curiously large spider dangling from a silken thread in front of her. I cupped the spider in my hands, and pulled it away from her, only to have her renewed shock at me suddenly appearing in her bedroom in my underwear. Her foster parents came running at the scream and threw me out immediately, leaving me to wonder what the heck just happened as I stood outside in the night without pants.

She'd tried to use this event as a rekindling of our love, but I'd firmly denied it, not sure of what had happened myself. It wasn't until a few weeks later that I found myself facing her once again. I was browsing the internet when I found myself facing her on the toilet, with her pants around her ankles. Rather than screaming, the color simply drained out of her face in fear before realizing it was me once again.

"Oh good, as long as you're here, can you go get me some tampons?" I looked at her incredulously, her dismissal of my sudden appearance appalling, but shrugged and went to get her the tampons.

The more I tried to get away from her, the more it seemed she encountered problems I was destined to help her out of. It only got worse after we'd finished school and moved out. I'd been called through space-time to fix everything from getting lost, flat tires, leaky pipes, and even indecision on what she wanted to eat for dinner. I'd begun to feel more like her personal handy-man, and started compiling a veritable utility belt to help solve her problems at a moment's notice that I wore around at all times. It came complete with feminine products, advil, wd40, duct tape, an epipen, screwdrivers, make-up, tissues, and even a barf bag.

Though there were some things a utility belt cannot solve. I'd been tasked to comfort her violent sobs as she cried in the night, terrified that just like her birth-parents, even her divine guardian would abandon her as so many others did. Too tired to get myself home, I'd laid with her, petting her until she calmed down, and fell asleep with her hands wrapped around me. I didn't feel much for her anymore, but I wasn't such a coward as to abandon those hurting right in front of me.

I stopped trying to leave so quickly after that, but I didn't want to give her false hope that I was a panacea to all of her relationship troubles, and tried to steel my heart. I'd discussed the phenomenon with her extensively, and wanted to take a vacation for once. Go somewhere warm and tropical where she wouldn't summon me for a couple days. She begrudgingly agreed to try solving her own problems for a couple of days. I still wore the utility belt, just in case.

I wasn't able to fully relax, and looked positively silly wearing nothing but swim trunks and a condensed fanny pack. In the blink of an eye I was standing back in front of her, her face truly terrified. I turned and looked what she was so terrified of, and saw a masked mugger with a gun pointed at her, and therefore at me. I didn't have time to think, time to grab anything. I simply narrowed my eyes grit my teeth, and charged the mugger like the crazy man in swim trunks I was. I should be thankful that he was surprised enough not to shoot me, and he stumbled backwards, not expecting opposition. I tackled him into the snowy ground, cold ice stinging against my bare skin, and threw what punches I could trying to get the gun away from him. Somehow I managed to get a grip on the barrel and tossed it away, though the mugger managed to scramble to his feet and run away.

I immediately turned and checked on Julia, my red face and dripping nose forgotten, and through her crying eyes I could see an overjoyed smile. She reached up to wrap her hands around my head and pulled me into a kiss. Between the adrenalin of a fight and the ecstasy of victory, I let my testosterone take over and kissed her back. I kissed her like it was the last time I'd ever see her, terrified that I might never again.

She started to grow more confident afterwards, calling on me less, and crying less  at night. I took her to see a psychiatrist and therapist about her abandonment issues, and even sat in with her in a couple sessions to support her, of my own volition for once! I started to see her smile on her own again, taking up the arts she'd left behind so long ago.

And in that smile, I realized: I never wanted to leave her again.