"Noah!"

I was floating. Maybe water of some sort; it seemed rather dry for water. Maybe it was a cloud, swaddling me in a curious cloud of warmth and vague discomfort.

"Noah!"

My cloud wasn't impenetrable, it seemed. There was a voice piercing through it, ripping it apart, pieces falling away like the vapor it might have been composed of.

"Noah, please!"

A woman's voice, perhaps. Not old, not young, but certainly desperate. She sounded like she might be in trouble. I heaved my nonexistent cloud body from its oddly uncomfortable resting place and it suddenly made its full discomfort known. I was prone somewhere, on a remarkably bumpy surface. Something was digging into my back. I groaned and rolled away from it as best I could.

"Oh, thank god." My left arm was throbbing, and liquid had trickled down my face. It felt thick and mildly warm; I suspected blood. My head was pounding, for some reason, but I managed to crack my eyes and fully opened them when I realized it hadn't made my headache worse.

"Noah, I thought..." There was a wet-sounding sniffle and a stifled sob coming from my right side. I turned my neck, grimacing, and laid eyes on the woman who kept saying my name. Thirties, maybe, and she looked like she had been in some sort of fight. There was mud caked across her clothing, and dirt marks on her face and hands. Was that blood? Scratches marred her ordinary-looking face, but as I caught her eyes they seemed to almost glow with relief and something else.

"How..." My voice sounded like it hadn't been used for years. I coughed gingerly, wincing when something in my chest contracted painfully. "What happened? Where am I?"

The woman cleared her throat and roughly pushed back a strand of dirty blonde hair. "We're in Chicago. Are you all right? That was..." she searched my face, seemingly lost for words. "That was the biggest surge I've ever seen. I didn't know such a powerful spell existed."

Spell? Surge? My mind spun. "Chicago? Where's that?"

Her eyebrows knit together. "Shit. Is that what you lost? Noah, what did you give up?"

I stared at her, then attempted to sit up. My chest ached and my head spun again, but after a moment I was able to breathe through the pain. Probably cracked or broken ribs. "I don't- how-" I paused to cough again. "How do you know my name?"

There was a long silence as I gingerly poked at my ribs, gasping as I found a few broken ones. The woman was too quiet. I looked up at her, and did a double take. 

"What's wrong? Why are you crying?" This was the oddest woman I'd ever met.

Tears were streaming down her face, making tracks in the dirt and blood, and my eyes refocused on her close-up face when she slammed her hands into my shoulders. "WHAT DID YOU GIVE UP, NOAH?" She was outright sobbing now. I couldn't ignore her distress, but as I reached up to pat her on the shoulder she pushed my arm away, and her sobbing redoubled. What must I have done to make her this upset?

Injured, in a place I don't know, with a strange crying woman, and a curiously empty brain. All I seem to know is that my name is Noah. 

Well, shit.

