Looking down on the lifeless peace of cold steel I was contemplating all the sins I had committed that led to this moment.

"Does there seem to be any issue Mr Devilier?"

I look up to the mass of tattered black robes, the manifestation of crushed souls and endless cycle of expirations. Inside the robes I felt the presence of everything I've ever felt in the short 18 years I've known. Death's skeletal hands were poking from what i assumed to be arm holes. 

After a long pause I replied, "I expected it to be a heavier".

Death made a noise which to me seemed like a scoff but raspier, more like what you would expect from a living dead.

"That scythe is older than the very fabric of life. The weapon you so mock has brought many great beings to an untimely end." said Death.

I knew the gravity of the situation I was caught up in. I just couldn't digest the fact that I was being handed the weapon forged in the pits of hell itself, and on what occasion? to celebrate my coming to manhood? It seemed like a cruel joke played by the gods. A thousand questions flooded my head, seeming to lose their individuality as they nonchalantly blended into one another.

Finally deciphering one, I asked "What am I to do with this?"

"As you please, it'll get less appealing the more you use it" answered Death.

Another lost answer that has lost sight of it question. I ran my hand along the dark arching blade, smooth as if it were made yesterday.

"Don't think too much of it" said Death.

"I just don't know what am I supposed to do with this" I replied.

"You'll figure that out, the first few centuries are hard...I remember it like it were yesterday, my eighteenth birthday..."

"what do you mean...?"

I looked up, away from the blade only to find that Death had vanished, leaving a sense of hanging dread in his wake.

I felt like I had aged a million years. An eerie silence seemed to have replaced every tone in the world and the color seemed to have drained from the world. It felt as if all the blood had been drained from my ears and eyes. The world had become monotone.

Then it hit me. Death doesn't choose whom to fall upon. Death is unbiased. Death is random.

It was everything but unfair that Death be cursed upon any of us, purely out of chance, who is to say, someone's eighteenth birthday? I thought as I felt the scythe getting heavier under my skeletal fingers.    
   