Solitude was a luxury.

Solitude was a luxury that many here could afford, that others elsewhere could not. Many tried to achieve such a task, only to be left with the grim right turn, the easy way out - or so our caretakers tell us.

Thirty years ago, I was birthed by a machine, from a machine, and for those thirty years, I was raised by a machine. We were the remnants of a broken race on the verge of extinction. Our caretakers tell us of an old world of violence, greed, and arrogance that led to dry ocean beds, toxic air, and rampant disease. Humankind was on the verge of driving itself to extinction, and the very few who saw a future fought for it. For centuries, humanity dreamt of exploring the stars, but many of the feats they dreamed were impossible to truly carry onto.

So we became the solution: unborn children on a metal carriage into the dark abyss, in the hopes that we would not make the same mistakes as our ancestors, in the hopes that we would give humanity a second chance, in the hopes that the future would be waiting for us.

But we were human. Hope was something no one should ever rely on.

It has been thirty years since the voyager landed on Solitude, the world our caretakers had named. The first few years of our lives were filled with joy and peace. Kids were taught the difference between good and bad, greed and generosity, and so on. Many of us, even at the ages of ten, were more than willing to shape this world into one that welcomed any and all.

At the time we turned fifteen, many of us bred new children, and so it was that the colonization of this world was truly irreversible. For a while, that was a good thing.

In our nineteenth year, things changed in the mental balance of human nature. Tensions rose, and our caretakers, as hard as they tried, failed to qualm the growing chaos.

Thousands of now-adults fled north, and founded the great city of Riston, a place of peace and prosperity. Thousands went west and founded Goliath, where the rich and the powerful drained the world of the resources beneath them to create the very empire they were taught not to. In the Great Luna Sea, the floating city of Escalita sailed to house two million citizens. Villages, towns, and other cities were founded over the years; very few parts of the world were left uninhabited by our twenty-sixth year.

In Twenty-Eight, the War of Solitude began, started by Goliath against everyone. At first, everyone else laughed. After Goliath leveled the small city of Oak in an hour's time, many fled, while others fought and died fighting.

Then came along the Goo Plague. As silly as its name sounded, it was called that because of its potential to liquefy a host's organs in half a day. Spread through the air, it killed half of Riston in two days. Those that were not killed by the infection were forced into rehabilitation by the Goliathans or executed slowly.

At twenty-nine years old, Goo was released into the sky. It spread across the world in a week through the storms and the clouds. Any and all who did not protect themselves or their families perished.

Fifty million children were birthed here. Thirty passing years, and less than two million live. Escalita, the floating city, was the one city to prevail in the death.

A storm of the sun killed the caretakers. We had since moved on.

As I sit here on the balcony of my home at age thirty, I look back and wonder in fascination how easily any human can be manipulated into violence or greed or lust.

I hoped that in another thirty years, our children would learn from our mistakes.

But we are human. Hope was something no one should ever rely on.