   

**Excitement was high for months leading up to the day everyone goes into Cryo. Being born close to a cycle was considered lucky by some, personally I had my doubts. At only twenty years old, I felt a bit shorted. Looking around, I was able to see the busy Technician-Class androids going about their preparations for the long sleep. Gentle blue light radiated out of their face panels, they emitted low humming and clicking noises while typing on various consoles. Only days out of training, I felt this was a serious inconvenience. However, to refuse was simply not an option, heavy corrective measures were a guarantee for any that tried to resist the laws.**  

**Silently, I eased in to the pod. The utilitarian overalls provided** **were dark gray, and loose, but not uncomfortable. “Please place your hands on the appropriate handles at this time David.” insisted the control computer. I did as instructed. They were cold to the touch, like most things found in Cryo centers. The hatch closed, as did hundreds of others in bay thirty eight. Trying to stay calm, I took several slow breaths. Without further warning, facility lights were switched off, and the process begun. The suspension liquid began to fill the chamber, thankfully it was set to a reasonable temperature. The fluid stopped about halfway to my chest as I heard a faint grinding noise coming from the back of my pod. Something seems off, “Excuse me?” I said, hoping to get the computer system to respond. Nothing. “My pod is having trouble, please send a technician.” slightly more panicked. I was greeted with only silence and darkness, save for a few softly glowing indicator lights on the pod across from mine.** **After hours of banging, shouting, and searching for some means to get out, the hatch unlocked on its own. The fluid gushed through to the floor as I pushed it open. I crawled out, straining to see anything that might help me understand what was happening. Feeling my way to the right, I pushed my face to the glass of the next pod. A faintly lit person stared back, clearly locked in Cryo-sleep, eyes wide open staring blankly. I had to look away, as dark thoughts began to rush in and take hold. “Is-s anyone out t-there, can anyone h-hear me?” I couldn’t bring myself to raise my voice much, and it cracked some. Nothing but rows and rows of pods with faint glowing indicators were revealed. The darkness was unnerving, but I couldn’t stay forever, I had to find a way out. I had to find someone to help.**  
 

**All of bay thirty eight were successfully in Cryo. As well as bay thirty seven, thirty six and thirty five. When I got in to bay thirty four, I was immediately aware of another non-sleeper. The back of my neck tingled, my heart raced. “Hello” a voice called from the darkness. It was soft, and feminine, and somewhat pleasant. My heart beat slowed, human contact was a welcome change of events. “I’m here by the door” I called, “My name is David”. I heard some scraping and shuffling as she tried to follow my voice. “I’m Lilly, nice to meet ya Dave.” After several minutes of Marco polo, we located each other. I had to crane my neck and lean down to look her in the eye. She was much shorter than myself, and close enough in age that we could have been classmates. “Do you have any idea what is going on?” she sounded as distressed as I. “No, I’m afraid I don't”. “lets find our way out, maybe there are some techs left that we can ask for help” she took the lead and we carefully made our way to bay thirty three.**  
 

**Two more early twenty somethings were stumbling around in bay ten, Marcus and Jen. When we were feeling along in bay three we found Will, still banging on the inside of his pod. We felt around and searched for a way to unlock it, noticing a small symbol crudely scrawled onto the side, faintly glowing green. “Hey guys look at this”, Lilly exclaimed. Marcus looked, “Ya, I saw that on my pod too”. It had a long line with five smaller lines branching off. Eerie, I wondered if it had been on mine as well. The five of us were able to get to the main controls, though we hadn’t found any technicians. All systems were locked down with encryption passwords, we weren’t going to get help here, “I see we have our new recruits”  a weathered voice of an older man came from behind us. All startled, we turned around to see just a glimpse of a man, in dark robes. "Follow me." He seemed to evaporate into the darkness.**  
 