My knuckles were white, like steps to an old church, alabaster.  Wrapped around the back of a “midcentury” chair, as the kids were calling them, partially to hold me up, and partially to give me something to exercise my anxieties on.

The old CRT flickered at me, as though asking me *”well did ya see?”*.  I saw.  Fuckin' spooky.  

My father told me about watching the Apollo 11 launch--how his family gathered ‘round the living room, crowded around a CRT not unlike the one I now stared at. It was different then.  In some ways better, in some ways worse.  But either way, completely inaccessible except in image and memory.  I didn’t like thinking about the past much.  Too many things to agonize over—whether I had been too forward when first meeting one partner or another, little slips of the tongue in conversation, Jeb, my brother, dead on the sidewalk.

The flag, the one on TV, was the same one my father watched the Apollo astronauts plant, the same one I watched spear lunar regolith on VCR, decades later in mrs. Merrick’s classroom. But this flag was different than in the pictures.  It was white, worn by a lifetime of radiation and vacuum, and it was torn, and reattached to the spindly aluminum pole halfway down.

My shoulder hurt where I’d shattered my collarbone jumping from a tree as a kid.  That never meant anything good; usually it was a storm somewhere over the horizon, but the skies were too clear for that.

The talking heads buzzed and chirped, painted makeup masks bobbing unnaturally.  I stepped back a bit, put down my coffee, and produced from my pocket a tobacco pouch.  Carefully, I pinched off some tobacco, dropped it in a long paper valley, and rolled it into a cancer stick.

I stuck the cigarette in my mouth, locked the door, and walked to my old car, a Saturn, something more suited to the age of Jimmy Eat World and Green Day than that of...that loud obnoxious new rapper...Cardioblastoma..no, Caribbean...Cadre Bean...oh whatever, doesn't matter.  

I pulled out of the university physics department parking lot and headed for the freeway, calmed by the smell of tobacco smoke and twenty years of Nevada sun on upholstery.  As I turned on the radio, I was greeted with the familiar, fake chattering of the talking heads

"--on the moon, at the site of the Apollo 11 landing--the first moon landing, in fact"

No shit.

"Over to you Josh."

"Thanks Sandy.  I'm here at the SETI--that's Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence--headquarters, in Berkeley California.  Joining me today is Frank Drake, the surviving founder of SETI.  Now, Mr. Drake, we'd like to ask you, does anything here suggest extraterrestrial involvement?"

"Well, uh, I cannot imagine that it was any human who moved the flag.  While we have rockets capable of making an Earth-moon voyage, one cannot exactly hide such a rocket launch, and there have been no recorded rockets aimed along that vector...pardon, at that part of the sky in a number of months.  If it wasn't one of us...well there's nothing endogenous to the moon--that is, native to the moon--that we now of that is capable of such action"

Yeah.  Little grey rocks did it.  Morons.  

"So, then it might be aliens"

"Well...yes, it may be.  We had hoped to receive earlier warning of extraterrestrial intelligence; it's a but unsettling to have it turn up on your doorstep like this.  We've discussed it and we think that, if this is indeed of intelligent origin, and not some odd, improbable quantum tunnelling phenomena, that they must be vastly more advanced than we are.  They, if they exist, managed to sneak onto the moon, past all our satellites and telescopes.  They understood the death of Mr. Paul, as well as our customs relating to the deaths of revered individuals."

"Thank you Mr. Drake.  Over to you, Sandy."

So...my first thoughts on the matter, it seems, were less mad than I thought.  Maybe I had remembered to take my meds after all.  

My pocket buzzed frantically, and my simpsons ringtone--didn't think you'd hear that again, did you?--sounded off.

  
"Huuuuy you got a phone call"

  
Dad died in a wreck after checking his phone, your crap can wait until I'm stationary relative to the reference frame of Earth's surface.  Doesn't matter what it is, I'm not going nose-first into the other lane to read it.  

I pulled into the driveway, put it in park, killed the engine, and looked at my phone.  Seventeen texts, all from Josh.  And they all said the same thing:

"DOD wants to meet with you"

Except one

"It's critical; I gave them your work and home addresses, expect them soon".

So that would explain the black SUV with black tinted windows.  Right.  

I sighed, hastily stowed a quarter of some mid-grade sativa in the glovebox, and walked over to the car.

A man, about fifty, greyish hair, worn features stepped out of the vehicle, joined, from the passenger-side, by a younger man in fatigues.  He stuck his hand out.  I shook tentatively; never did much like the military, but I wasn't in a position to brush it off.

"Lieutenant Colonel Walsh, Department of Defence".

"Steve Levenger...uh...department of physics I guess...not the government one...University of Nevada Las Vegas".  

"Yes, I gathered.  There's a lot to tell you, but you're needed at an emergency briefing in five hours hours, forty minutes.  We'll take you to McCarran International, and you'll take an F-15 to Langley".  

"Can I grab some stuff?  How long will I be gone?  I've got houseplants you know, I can't let them die"

The Lieutenant's face grew several years more worn as I spoke.  

"Five minutes.  All amenities will be provided, and you will have a budget for clothing as needed.  I suggest you bring whatever electronics and medications you deem necessary, and no more".

Fine by me; I might get a nice new suit.  Nah.  Who was I kidding?  Band tees.  

I ran into the house, packed up my laptop and risperidone, and jogged back to the SUV.  The younger man waited at the door; apparently Walsh had already returned to his seat.  I dropped my things in the middle of the back row, and sat down, door closing behind me.

The car was silent until we were on the freeway.  Walsh flipped through a thick binder, tab after tab, then settled on a page.

"At 06:00 we received notice from the Chinese government that the flag at the Apollo 11 site had been modified.  They reported no sign of any incoming or outgoing craft.  Evidently they had been sitting on it for about twelve hours.  Three hours ago, SETI received a broadcast, apparently highly focused--indicating intelligent choice to single out that location--containing a wealth of highly ordered information.  We've put the NSA's best cryptanalysts on it, and are drawing talent from wherever it may come.  All U.S. military installations are on high alert, and the President has been moved to a secure location."

"So...where exactly do I fit into this?"

"You wrote several 'hard science fiction' novels about scenarios not unlike the present one, did you not?"

I had.  They  didn't sell well, of course; hardly anyone reads sci-fi anymore, let alone the hard stuff.

"Yeah.  I mean 'yes sir'".  

"Your work is deemed extremely impressive--not just from a literary standpoint--by high-ranking members of SETI and, apparently, the ETPTF".

"ETPTF?"

"Ah, yes, sorry.  Extra-Terrestrial Preparedness Task Force".  

"And they want me to..."

"You'll find out.  I haven't been given many details; the file suggests, however, that you will act as an independent advisor of sorts".        

“So...I...” I paused, still hazy on what I’d be doing, “alright I’ll wait”.

“We’re issuing you a top-secret security clearance”, Walsh said, reaching into his breast-pocket and producing a badge on a retractable cord, not unlike a corporate identity badge.

“I get to  hear about how Roswell was actually an alien landing?” I asked, with a smile.

Walsh’s brow creased, and he looked out the window for a few moments, probably wishing his assignment had involved the Las Vegas night-life.

“Well...Roswell wasn’t an alien landing, that really was a balloon.  We haven’t recorded any explicit contact in the past, but there are recorded anomalies which are officially designated potentially extraterrestrial in origin”.  

Not terribly surprising; they did call the Fermi Paradox a paradox with good reason.  If life is common, well...where is it all?  Scientists had put forth a plethora of potential answers: humans being kept in a giant space-zoo, galactic genocide, and my personal favorite: the great filter.  The great filter was a hypothesized mechanism by which burgeoning civilizations were wiped from the face of their respective planets...be it by disease, nuclear war, rogue AI.  There were as many theories about the great filter as theories about the Fermi Paradox itself.

Apparently we had our answer though; they were out there, and they were here.        
