They call me Doctor Smart, because I'm so smart. I graduated at the top of my class at university. 4.0 GPA I was a whiz kid. I got my degree in Electrical Engineering but that was boring so I became a private investigator. Whenever someone needed something investigated, I was always the one to go to because I had the best yelp reviews. I was contracted by the government years back to help them find Nazi runaways hiding in South America. Every single one of them found. I helped find Osama Bin Ladan, and paid him a personal visit. I revieled all of the child trafficing rings to have ever appeared in the 21st century. The year is now 2248. As an electrical engineer I built an artificial body for myself just so I could continue doing what I love: Private investigating.

I was sitting at my desk in my headquarters when the telephone started to ring. I picked up the phone and answered.

	"Hello."
	"Doctor Smart, this is the Randy, I'm the head of the FBI. I gotta a case only you can solve"
	"What's the scoop Randy?" I replied
	"We gotta a guy going around breaking into houses, and completely wrecking the place. It's a nightmare, there's been several break ins all over the USA and we can't trace him. We thinking we've traced him down to the southeast of the country. You gotta stop this!"
	"Alright, send me what you got on him, and I'll need all the resources you can provide."
	"I'll mail you the case file along with the corporate credit card, buy whatever you need. God speed Doctor Smart."

With that we both hung up. I waited for 5 business days until the package arrived at my doorstep. In all the reports, every witness said it's a pale white ghost coming in and wrecking the place. The latest break in was in backwards place called Savannah, Georgia. So I went to the bus station and took the first greyhound bus there. 

The bus arrived at the station in Savannah. I walked to the house where the break in occured. There was nothing left of the house at the scene. Only the charred remains of the house were left. The couple that used to live there was camping right in the front of the house. I knocked on their tent door, and the opened it.

	"I'm Doctor Smart, here to investigate the break in." I exclaimed.
	"Oh thank god you're here!" They replied in unison.
	"Tell me what happened."
	"It was late at night, we were watching the weather radar on the television, then suddenly this white figure came in the house yelling! We ran away because we were so scared! And then we called the police from the neighbors telephone! As we waited for the police we saw him rifle through our kitchen, through the window!"
	"Then what happened" I asked.
	"After 5 minutes he went running out of the house, smoke followed shortly after. The police were never able to find him. He left this blue slipper as he was running though."
	"Alright I'll take that in for evidence."

Perfect, now I got him. I just need to find him now. I walked to a motel and checked in for the night. I went to my room, jumped into bed, and turned on the television to the news channel.

	"This just in! Another break in, in Jackson, Florida!"

Drats! I missed him. I ran out of the motel and down to the bus station to take the next bus to Jackson, Florida. The bus arrived at the station at 6 AM sharp. I ran off of the bus straight to the house in question. This house next house was intact thankfully. I banged on the door repeatedly and yelled. The man of the house answered the door swiftly.

	"Hello." calmly said the man.
	"Hi. I'm Doctor Smart. I'm here to investigate the break in." I replied.	"Thank god you're here please come in." 

I stumbled into the house and immediately a pungent odor penetrated my nostrils.

	"Smells like shit in here." I said
	"Yeah this crazy pale ghost came through the door, I was so frightende after hearing about it on the news that I ran up to the telephone room and called the police. After they arrived I came down and found that the ghost shit all over the place and ate all my favorite candy out of my candy bowl." The man said holding back tears.
	"Don't you worry, I'm gonna get this ghost and make it pay." I said confidently.
	"Thank-you Doctor Smart! Thank-you!" the man cheered.

I took a stool sample from the devasted room, then ran to the bus station. I gotta stop this ghost in it's tracks. It's probably going to stop in Orlando, Florida next, so I boarded the next bus there. After I arrived I went to the nearest supermarket and bought a motorcycle, helmet, police scanner, and a handgun with the FBI credit card. I rode around all day listening to the police scanner. Nothing but random murders all night, nothing I was worried about. At two thurty in the morning a break in was reported over the scanner. This is my chance! I reved up my motorcycle and sped to the address. 

As I arrived to at the address I knew this would be it. I broke the door down and pointed my handgun into the house. A pale senile old man started screaming and crying. 

	"I DON'T KNOW WHERE I AM! HELP ME!" he screamed.
	"GET ON THE GROUND" I yelled back

The man complied and I slowly walked over to him. I compared the blue slipper and the stool sample with him. They were an exact match. 

	"So YOU were the one breaking into these house!" I asserted.
	"I just want to go home!" The senile man replied.

The police arrived, and I turned the man in. I after chatting with the police I went back to the supermarket and returned my equipment since I kept the receipt. Afterwards I walked to the nearest phonebooth to call Randy.

	"Hello, this is Randy, head of the FBI." He answered.
	"Randy it's Doctor Smart. I got him. It was just a man with dementia that kept breaking into houses thinking they were his own home, then he ran off when he got scared." I explained.
	"God dammit Doctor Smart, you dunnit again! Next time you're in Washington I'll buy you a beer."

With that, I hung up the phone and took the next bus home.