I hesitate before answering.

“What...?”

“There’s a penguin right there,” she points over my right shoulder. It was standing in my periphery, I glanced over to it quickly.

“I…it must be part of the theme of the restaurant,” I say nonchalantly. That made no sense. This was a Tex Mex place. I really didn’t want to discuss my hallucination on the first date. It’d been going so smoothly up until now!

She continues talking. I’m looking at her, making the polite eye contact, but I’m not hearing what she’s saying. *I know this isn’t part of the décor…this is my hallucination. Fred isn’t real…I know that…I see him but no one else sees him. Right?*

“Hello?”

I snap out of it. “Sorry, could you repeat that?”

“I said I’ve seen it follow you. It’s near you in class, it follows you onto the bus. Hell, when it’s crowded it floats above you. When I first saw you in the quad I thought it was a huge balloon.”

I’m so confused. I must be dreaming. 

She goes on. “If it’s some sort of childhood thing you can’t let go of, we don’t have to talk about it. Although I might want to use it as an example in my PSYCH 391 class. As long as it’s alright with you.”

I’m still staring at her. 

*You need to stop staring, now you’re just being rude. Say SOMETHING.*

“You…think I have a disorder?”. I did, but it was a secret. Usually.

“I mean, I’VE never seen a hallucinated penguin before, but maybe I just haven’t seen a lot of the world yet,” she said, scooping more chicken onto her fork.

“I feel like I’m hallucinating this conversation,” I muttered to myself, pushing food around on my plate. I needed to change the subject, my palms were getting sweaty. “Tell me more about your major.”

“It’s the same as yours.”

I stare at her, blankly. Of course it is, that’s how we met. I can feel myself losing my grip.

“Are you feeling okay?” she asks. I must look pale. The penguin has moved now and I can see it behind her. “We can go if you want.”

“Maybe we should,” I nod. I call the waiter over and hastily pay the cheque. My date goes to the washroom and I meet her outside.

The air is cold and the penguin is in the middle of the quiet street. 

“Where to now? Do you need to go home?” she asks, clearly concerned. 

We start walking. I hadn’t planned on taking her anywhere else but I just wasn't sure what to do.

“Was it something I said?”

I turn around. I’d been walking so fast she had fallen behind. She looked upset.

I sighed, “No. Well yes, a little bit.” I pause. “Do you still see the penguin?”


“Yeah, it’s right over there.” She points to the street car stop about 10 feet ahead of us. “Does that bother you?”

“Yes it bothers me! It’s a figment of my imagination that I can’t get rid of! And now it’s leaked out into reality and it’s just sitting there in the middle of traffic!” I’m getting angry now, flustered. The penguin is floating between the stop and the intersection.

She chuckles a little bit. “It’s not leaking into reality. Nobody else sees it. Just me.” She gestures to the few people walking up the block. “You think if there was really a 6 foot penguin on the road, those people would keep walking? 
No, they’d have their phones out and be taking video instantly!”

I glanced around. I guess she’s right.

“I can see people’s thoughts,” she says, touching my arm. Her hands are warm in the October chill. “It’s…like a superpower.”

I look at her quizzically. “We are not in another terrible superhero franchise, are we?” I finally ask.

She laughs, “No, no we are not.”

“You didn’t fall into a radioactive pit? Get bitten by any bugs?”

“No more than you did.”

“Does anyone else see a giant penguin?”

“Not that I’ve seen.” 

“Huh.” I pause. I'm relaxing a little.

“I have this sort of brain disorder,” she explains. “I’ve had it since birth as far as I can tell. Something about a certain part of my brain being overdeveloped or overactive.”

“I have the same thing!” I gasp. “Well, not exactly the same I guess.”

“Evidently.”

“I’ve seen this guy since birth. I’ve tried all the drugs. But they mess up the rest of my thinking and personality so I just live with Fred here.”

“Is he going to get hit by that taxi?” She points at a taxi at the far end of the boulevard. The penguin is standing right in the crosswalk. The taxi is accelerating through the intersection.

“Nope,” I reply as the car moves right through it, as if the penguin is a ghost. 

“Fascinating.”

“Is this why you got into psychology? To find out more about your disorder?”

“Kind of. If you could see everyone’s thoughts, you’d see that they aren’t all happy, or safe, or rational. That guy over there seems happy, but he has some dark thoughts creeping behind him.” A man is walking arm in arm with his date. “He’s depressed. It’s weighing him down. “

I nod along. The man is smiling as he leads his date to their car.

“I just want to help people. Maybe if there’s more awareness they wouldn’t have to suffer so much. Or maybe I can help find new treatments? I don’t know. It’s hard seeing people’s secrets all the time.”

“I bet it is,” I say, taking her hand in mine. She was a far better person than I was. I got into psychology so I could turn the penguin off. My only goal was to help myself. “So can you read my mind?” I hoped she couldn’t.

“Not exactly. I can’t see your inner dialogue. It’s more of a manifestation of your outward vision,” she elaborates.
We’re nearly back to her apartment complex. 

“Would you like to come upstairs?” she asks, then laughs. “I’m not trying to be forward, I just want to hear more about the penguin.”

“I never thought that would get me anywhere with a girl,” I tease. 

“It’s not,” she chuckles. “I just didn’t eat much at the restaurant.” Right. I had cut us off. “I’ve got mac and cheese though. And I could teach you what I know already about disorders like ours.”

I smile and nod, and follow her into the building. 

Edit: formatting



