"The monkey died again," Zadith told me the second I walked into the basement facility. The walls were aqua, the plants were fake, and the God-damned monkey died again. It wasn't supposed to keep dying!

"What did I tell you about barraging me with dead monkey bullshit the second I walk into the door, Zadith?" I bellowed. 

"I'm sorry, master," he said, appearing deflated. It was weird seeing a frumpy djinn get sad. They were among the first-created race on this planet. They had the power of the Earth itself harnessed, but here he was, stuck in third-dimensional space, serving some human with an MBA from Columbia. I couldn't believe that shit still meant something to anybody. 

My diploma was cracked and faded in some discarded desk in the middle of an abandoned bunker in Bum-Fuck, Utah. 

I slammed my coffee onto the desk and watched the hot liquid slop about. Zadith clamored about the room, pretending to read files and organizing office supplies. Neither of us were ready to address the elephant in the room until I had slurped my morning brew. 

The lukewarm coffee tasted like soap. There was no room in a budget this black to afford anything outside of freeze-dried smashed beans. I gulped the entire mug and winced. Zadith stared at me with expectantly with sad eyes. I was never used to the way his vertical pupils would quiver when he wanted to cry. 

"How the fuck did this one go?" I asked him. 

"The spider," he replied meekly. "It figured out how to persuade him." 

"So you're telling me the spider used telepathy to convince another monkey to kill herself?" I demanded. 

Zadith stumbled backwards in fear. "N-n-n-no," he stammered. "This time it used pheromones."

That was a new one. The spider was taken from a deep cavern in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It was recovered by JSOC, who told us to be ready. Apparently the thing was able to beam horrifying nightmares into the sleeping minds of all the troops. Other than that, however, it was deemed completely harmless. Anyone with willpower could overcome the spider's admittedly powerful beams of suggestion. Pheromones, however, would be a completely different story. 

"Did you make a report?" I asked. 

Zadith handed me a piece of printer paper with a crudely-drawn depiction of a monkey bashing her head against the wall as a giant spider clapped its long spindly legs together. Zadith had drawn a very human smile on the spider, which thankfully did not reflect its true form. 

"Why did you draw the smile on it?" I asked. 

"Because I didn't know how to draw the laughter it beamed into my brain," he replied. 

"God damn it, Zadith, can't we go one day without a fucking dead monkey?" I yelled, storming into the Nightmare Hall to deal with my newfound challenge.  