I finally understand.

The years of diagnoses, never consistent or helpful. Schizophrenia, depression, depersonalization, DDNOS, even PTSD from nearly drowning in the runoff tank, all of which had their own treatments, none of which changed a thing. Years of therapy, trying to pin everything on watching Sparkles get hit by a car or seeing Grandpa's dead body in his chair or my parents' nasty divorce, all irrelevant details to a life spent knowing I didn't belong. The medications had never worked, no matter what dose or what brand or what we had to sell to afford them that month; I only ever felt emptier, more distant, less real.

Finally, after years of missing time, night terrors of choking and drowning, unexplained emotional outbursts, and tens of thousands of wasted dollars, the answer was laid bare on the scans in front of me - a slender coil at the head of my spine, just barely more than a shadow, thin filaments spread throughout my brain. 

I bring my focus back to the man at the head of the room. I have not been paying attention. The others at the meeting are focused on the screen intently, breaking their gaze only to scribble notes in indecipherable handwriting on their papers.

"...few areas not affected. The frontal lobe, temporal lobe, and cerebral cortex all show extensive..."

I close my eyes, filtering the information he's presenting and comparing it to what I know. If what he's saying is correct, everything that I am is a result of this thing inside of me. Motivation, personality, memory, reasoning, it's all... that.

But doesn't that mean that's me?

And if this is me, and I'm doing this, then all the rest of it is my fault. The depression, the self-harm, the night terrors, the fugue... this is my fault. I did this. I hurt us. Those are my tendrils destroying our brain. That is my body that has slowly grown inside our skulls, pressing on our brain stem, adding physical symptoms to the mental anguish. 

We deserved better than me.

I open our eyes. The speaker has finished. The final slide, still on the screen, presents a range of treatment options, many of which I cannot pronounce, even fewer of which I understand. Several of the attendees discuss earnestly amongst themselves, pointing to spots on their printouts and cross-referencing notes.

It is too much. I rest my head on the table, tears filling my eyes, and whisper my only request.

"...just get me out of her."