The moment she said this I was shocked. Knowing when and how you were to die changes you, it seemed like it changed her to. Looking back on my life I regret almost every moment of it. I never really had “friends”, I just never got along with people. I have been fucked too many times by people close to me. So I just built up a wall, numbed myself into oblivion, cut everting and everybody out. And then she came into my life. It turns out she was almost as broken as me. Her first child died at age two, her husband soon after committed suicide. 


The first time we meet was at a church named Saint Elizabeth. I being an atheist was there just to curse at god, she on the other hand was there to find answers. Almost as if by some other force we gravitated to each other. I don’t like admitting this but maybe this was “gods plan” after all. I believe that if we hadn’t found each other we would have both been dead within a year. She loved me and saw me for who I really was even when I pushed her away. And I filled the void left behind from her child and husband.

We both new that death would come some day but we never thought it would be so soon. No matter what we did my death today was set in stone, time can only be altered so much. 

Both of us knew this when we were walking back to the church. It was cold and dark outside, winter was coming. As I opened the door the wind blew my hat inside the damp church. We sat down in the same familiar spots where we meet each other. I put my arm around her and gave her my jacket, knowing that she must be freezing. And we both stared at the stain glass window waiting for the morning light. I felt the world start to go dark, it was harder to move my body. I looked at her for the last time and I saw tears streaming down her face. When we looked at each other our eyes betrayed our entire lives, both the good and the bad. Knowing that this was my last chance to say something I spoke first and last time within the hour whispering “I love you”. Content with the last years of my life I let the darkness take me. 