I'd been tailing this guy for months now. And earlier today I almosted arrested him. Or at least almost tried to. 

God knows how we found out about him. I certainly would never have noticed half a cent missing from my bank account. But I guess when you steal from hundreds of millions of people, one of them is going to be a pedantic fuck. 
We never worked out how he did it. Our preliminary searches found no evidence of computer skills. Definitely nothing complicated as creating a program to steal from five hundred million people. He was just a scrawny kid, fresh out of school, who could barely open the right program let alone write one, if you believed his teachers that was. We thought he must have links to a hackers group or a criminal syndicate, possibly even a homegrwon terrorist organization.

So I was sent to tail him. I watched, expecting something sinister or at least nefarious. But nothing. I mean he wasn't an angel by any stretch of the imagination. He would cut lines, pinch drinks, look down the odd dress here and there. But no one ever confronted him about his actions. I couldn't believe it. If this guy had queue jumped me I'd have probably slapped him. But everyone seemed almost blind to him, almost as if he had powers... 
I followed him longer. Becoming obsessed with how he managed to trick all these people. I delayed making an arrest, wanting to know how he did whatever it was that he did. The worst I ever saw him do was steal a car. He just walked up to a stranger with a Corvette and took the keys out their hands. That was the first time i was about to arrest him, but then he returned it just before I made a move. 

Finally after months of watching this guy manipulate people with means beyond my understanding, I had woken up this morning with the intention that, no matter what, I would arrest him. I caught up to him in the park, while he was feeding pidgeons. I waited for a good moment for the park to quiet, then proceeded over to him. And as I closed the distance from behind, he picked up a pidgeon in his hand and made it... made it disappear. Just gone. No bang, no squawking, just no more pidgeon.

Then the bastard turned to me, I was now just over his shoulder, and he smiled with a wry grin. As if to say 'I know you've been watching me and you aren't the first, are you so sure you want to try this?' 

