EDIT: Came out much longer than expected, part 2 in comments  


Jason and Sarah pulled into the small parking lot, staring at the small office in front of them. The car looked fine, a mid-aged name-brand sedan. But the whistling chassis and worn down tires betrayed its condition. The building was a one story office made of brick with small windows periodically placed throughout. Jason had messy brown hair, with a wiry frame disguised by his hoodie and jeans. He rested his hand on Sarah’s shoulder, gently rubbing her shoulder with his thumb. His mousy features settled into a warm smile.

“The finest treatment money can buy! Nothing but the best for you.” said Jason. She turned him, giving her best effort to return his smile. With prominent cheekbones and a sharp jawline, she had a regal beauty to her that was undercut by a shaved head and unnaturally pale skin. What used to be an athletic build had slowly withered, but was hidden behind a loose sweatshirt and sweatpants. She gave another glance at the mystery before her. On the glass doors, it was stenciled in white letters: *Malekith Oncology.*

“He sounds like a Disney villain.” She said, finally letting her features fall into a wry grin. “I’m gonna end up locked in a tower or living with seven dwarves.”

Jason leaned over and kissed her, pull the key out as he did.

“Well if you do, I’ll come and save you.”

He pulled away and opened his door. Sarah’s grin grew into a smile as she watched him get out of the car. They walked up together and stepped into the lobby. It had plain white walls, rough grey carpet, and 2 or 3 plastic chairs set up in a row. On the far wall, a plastic partition was cut into the wall, beside a plain wooden door. In front of the window, there was a nametag that read *M.D. Malekith A. Deatherage* set besides a dull metal bell\*.\* Sarah gripped Jason’s hand tightly, and they walked up together. A sharp chime rang throughout the room when Jason rang the bell, but nothing happened. He peered through the window, but couldn’t see much. The “office” was no more than a closet, with a plain plastic table set up in front of the window. A laptop and a couple of binders sat on the desk, the charging cord snaking off the table and out of sight.

Footsteps echoed down the hall, and the couple turned towards the door. It’s wooden frame held firm, unflinching under their gaze. Sarah slinked up against Jason, the pounding footsteps growing louder and louder. The door swung open and a tall man dressed in black scrubs walked out. He towered over them, with greasy black hair and a long nose peering down at them. His lanky build made his movements seem artificial, like a puppet or a robot. He thrust a hand out towards the couple, causing them to jump back.

“Hello, you must be Jason and Sarah?” His voice was deep and rumbling, each word deliberately enunciated. Jason reached his left arm around Sarah towards Malekith. Malekith smirked and matched his left handshake. “Thanks for coming, let’s get you started.”

Malekith wrung his body around and motioned for them to follow him. Jason stepped forward, but Sarah pulled on his arm. She tightened her grip on his hand, pleading him with her eyes. He wrapped her tightly in his arms, resting his head against hers.

“No matter what happens I’ll be here with you every step of the way.” He leaned back a little bit, staring into her watering blue eyes. “As long as we are together, everything will be okay.”

“I don’t want to do this to you.” She said, sniffling a little bit before casting her eyes downward. “You’ve given so much up for me, and it’s not working. I can’t stand to watch you go down on a lost cause.”

Jason kissed the top of her head, pulling her back into him.

“No cause for you could ever be a lost cause. I’d travel across the world just to make you smile.” His hands absent-mindedly caressed her back as he spoke softly to her. “We may not be able to get the newest and fanciest treatments, but it’s better to go down fighting together than just wait for you to slip away.”

Sarah stepped backwards, wiping away her tears. She gave him a solemn nod of agreement. He wrapped her under his left arm and guided her towards the hallway.

“Hey, worse comes to worst, we could become bank robbers or meth cooks. Bonnie and Clyde won’t have anything on us.” Sarah rubbed her eyes, her face was stained with the trails of tears. Her nose was puffy and caused her to sniffle constantly. She looked up at him, and Jason gently kissed her. When he pulled away, a smile grew and grew on her face, until her muscles strained from the effort. They walked down the corridor together, her head resting on his shoulder. Malekith stood at the end of the hallway, holding a door open for them. He gestured them inside and closed the door behind them.

Jason cast a quick glance at the blocked entrance before walking up to the exam table. The room was brightly lit by the humming LEDs set into the tile ceiling. The only other thing in the room was a pair of chairs and a mahogany large bookcase. The bookcase had intricate carvings along its edges, and was filed with large volumes of books with plain colored spines. Sarah reached her hand out and Jason clasped his hands around hers. He brought her hand up to his face and planted a kiss onto her knuckles. Malekith walked up to the table.

“Alright, so as far along as you are, the procedure will be a little lengthy, but nothing I’m sure you aren’t used to.” The doctor reached below the table and picked up a clear mask attached to the table. “I’m going to put you down, so lean back and relax.”

As he fit the mask around her head, she turned to look at Jason. Gas hissed through the tube, invisibly filling her lungs until her eyes slowly began to droop shut. Her body went limp, and Jason clung to her hand. Malekith pulled open a drawer built into the table, and pulled out a linen with an intricate drawing of markings etched into its underside. He carefully laid the cloth over her chest, peeling off a small label spelling *Sarah* that was laid across the top.

“So what exactly does your method do?” Jason asked. Malekith ignored him as he collected several syringes filled with black liquid from the drawer, setting down several glasses filled with different herbs out of sight from Jason. He set the syringes on the tray beside Sarah’s still form.

“I specialized in targeted toxins for the purpose animal euthanasia. I figured out a way to reconfigure the toxins to target cancer cells.” Malekith grabbed a plastic mask with several filters on it.

“Will I need one of those? Why do you need a gas mask?” Malekith never even glanced in his direction.

“No, you won’t need one.” Sarah’s hand began to chill in his hand. Her skin began to discolor, a sickly blue taint spreading across her body. Jason moves his hands along her arm, feeling her cold skin.

&#x200B;