Part two:

Shaking now she knelt down as best she could in her dress, drawn by a morbid need to see the thing better. It was a body, sure enough. There were... things on it, part of it, that stuck out at odd angles and made her eyes cross if she tried to look at them straight on, all swaying with some violence in the wind that hadn't stopped since she'd found herself on her feet in this place. A withered, dry thing that could have been a hand was flung out as if the corpse had been trying to drag itself somewhere before its end. The things on its back and hips were in tatters, leaving her unsure of what they even were.

There was a sound. A click. In the horrid dead silence of the place it was loud as a gunshot and just as motivating. She sprang to her feet and quickly spun in a circle before clattering to the nearest shattered pillar, this one destroyed almost down to the base but still formidable. She picked her way quickly through the maze of debris around it and put her back to the pillar's solid bulk. Before her lay the body and beyond that the vast, threatening emptiness.

Her eyes caught on something moving where it shouldn't, couldn't have been. The hand had twitched, she was sure of it. A second later she knew for sure what she'd seen as, to her horror, she witnessed the fingers, too long, too thin, too many, curling inward with horrible snapping noises. The hand dragged in, propped up a shoulder, jackknifed it upward. The other hand emerged from underneath the corpse, jerking in under the other shoulder to lift at the wrong angle before it cracked into place and the thing rose unsteadily to its feet. Its head hung low. The protrusions from its shoulders and hips began to slowly flap in the wind.

She sucked in a breath through her teeth when the body, achingly slow, rotated without moving its feet. It hadn't revealed its face. She hoped it wouldn't -- feared it would. Either way she was helpless to do anything except run, and even that might not be in option in the shoes that had accompanied her into death.

It lifted its head and she saw the sweetest face turned her way, cracked lips that leaked something like blood under eyes filled with cobwebs, the veins radiating out from them black as pitch that faded into the grey of its face. There was a beautiful sort of hideousness to it, a grotesqueness that had crossed from horrible into something she hadn't a name for. Maybe the word for it had never been found in her world. 

"Hello," said a soft voice that took a second to register as coming from that bloody mouth. The word had edges to it, outlined by the tiny cracking sounds of its lips moving.

Politeness took over. "Hello," she said back before she even realized she'd begun to speak.

"What have you come for?" the thing continued, voice kind. The webbing seemed to pulse with some unknown beat. She wondered if it was the thing's heartbeat, or if the dead could possibly have one. It couldn't have been alive - it had the same feeling as everything else in this barren place. It had no more presence than the pillar at her back. The pillar, in fact, felt the more real of the two in question.

"I-I don't know. I died, then I was here."

It tilted its head, all innocent curiosity. "How did you die?"

"I..." she frowned, searching her memory. She could've sworn she'd known how she'd died just a minute ago. She thought and thought but found only emptiness where her death had been mere moments before. "I don't know," she admitted at last.

The thing nodded sagely. "That is how it starts." It smiled prettily, blood streaking down to its chin where it vanished into its skin, holding out its hand. "Come this way. I shall show you why it is you are here." Its face turned toward the distance, covered as it was with mist and angry clouds. "We are going this way. Be careful not to get lost. I may not be able to find you again if you do." Its smile widened. "Then again, I may be able to find you still."

She fought back a shudder. She had to force herself to move away from the pillar and toward the thing as it turned and began to walk into the mist. She walked slowly, giving the thing a wide berth and careful not to get too close to it. It was thankfully silent. The things on its back and hips were still moving in the fierce wind that sometimes buffeted them as they went. It was then she realized they were the tattered remains of wings. What had this thing been when it was alive?

"Where are we?" she found herself asking, drawn by a curiosity that overrode her terror only long enough to magnify it. She'd just engaged the thing, opened conversation. She almost physically recoiled when it looked at her, its head turning on its neck to a sickening degree. There was a cracking noise. It seemed the thing was forever breaking somehow. 

"Can you not tell?" it asked sweetly. "We are in Paradise."

Her heels stuttered to a stop. "P-paradise? This can't be Paradise."

The thing's head tilted, considering her confusion and alarm dispassionately. Its earlier sweetness faded, lost to the grey that permeated this strange place. "Whyever not?" it asked.

"Paradise is beautiful and... and.... full of people and life and it's not this!"

The thing smiled with what she could've sworn was pity. "Who told you that?"