Harry and Cob ambled through the prison's library bookshelves, holding a pile of books, ordering them accordingly.

"To Kill a Mockingbird." Cob's voice broke through the frail wood and slunk through the empty spaces of the shelves. "Heard great things about this one. Perhaps I will read it myself."

"Haven't read it, heard it was go--" A succesion of thuds broke his words and shortly after, a frail and papery sob cut through the noise of Cob's shoes moving through the creaking wood.

When Cob reached Harry, he found him weeping at the heart of a circle of fallen books. Tears trickled slowly yet steadily down Harry's cheeks, slid in the depths of his many wrinkles, lacquered the cataracts in his eyes.

"Harry, what's wrong?" Cob knelt beside him, resting his palm on Harry's shoulder.

The old man drew a deep breath. "I can't even hold a pile of books. I can't bare this anymore. I can't even hold a damned pile of books!" He paused for a moment, shook the anger away. "Forty years I've been locked in here. Forty years locked in a narrow cell, staring at the walls. Forty years, Cob. Forty years." The tears quickened, wetting his white shirt.

Cob sat beside him, embraced him, and remained quiet. There was nothing he could say.

"That's half a life, Cob," Harry said between sobs. His lips quivered upward, his eyes grew stern. "Half a life locked, caged like birds, in this ape-filled shithole, some of us for all our lives without knowing why. If I knew I murdered someone at least I could understand the punishment. I could grip to that fact, and this hell would at least have a reason to exist. I need to know I deserve it, Cob. I need to know what I did. There's no much time left in my clock, and what did I do with my life? I don't know. I don't remember. I only remember these walls. I can't bare it any longer, Cob. I--I can't." His wails returned, heavy and full of grief.

Cob drew Harry's head to his chest, gazed at the full, ever-glowing moon outside. "I know, Harry. I know."

Later that night, after Harry had calmed down, and the books were all in place, Cob left the library. "Will you shut the lights?"

"I will." Harry's voice and eyes were still distant, devoid of any true emotion. "Cob."

"Yes?"

"You are a good man."

"You too, Harry. Hope you will awake in a better place tomorrow." Cob said, and walked back to his cell.

Laying in the darkness of his bed, Cob scratched a new straight line on the wall with a coin.

When the ruddy glow of dawn feathered through the windows of the library, the lights were still on, yet no feet touched the ground.
     
--------------------------------------

r/NoahElowyn
