The jeans, I had assumed, would be the biggest issue. You can’t just walk out into a city with no trousers on, but denim looked like it wouldn’t fit... whenever it was I had landed this time. The walls were stone but uneven and windowless, and the floor was dirt, so I knew I hadn’t pushed it too far, but it was still going to be a slog.

After the success of blood and marrow transplants, among others, we had discovered that time was transferable too. The catch, of course, was that you’d be sent back to before you were born (donating your remaining life would be suicide and severely paradox inducing, so that was quickly ruled out) and you had to make it back to the day you were born. How exactly this worked was beyond me, but I was short on money this month again, and this had seemed far easier than finding another job in time. Unfortunately, it also turns out that the time you give and what you donate aren’t equal, and the 30 year’s I’d donated had put me back in the dark ages.

Avoiding paradoxes was rule one: create a paradox and you end up back in the present day with a null donation. Which also includes creating fortunes for yourself to pick up later apparently, but I guess the donation pays well enough so no love lost. Second, of course, was not to die: apparently that sticks. Most people avoided that by using rule one: a paradox pulls you away from near-death, and you just accept that your money’s gone, but I had decided as soon as I arrived that a near-millennium survival is something that you probably only want to try once.

After a half-hour recalling how to gird my loins with a bedsheet (I knew that tutorial would pay off someday), I had prepared myself. Peaking my head around the door, the clothing was plain, the streets were track and the people spoke in thicker farmers accents than I’d heard since that old Wurzels recording. I suppose there are worse things than being a mute pauper-cum-farmhand for a couple of centuries, at least until I fit in a little more.