My dad was the best. Ever since I was young he would always wake up before me and make breakfast. On top of that he and I would always go on adventures like hiking and camping, and when I was old enough skydiving and mountaineer. 

He'd always carry around this small flask and he would never talk about it. I used to ask him what was in it but he'd always avoid the question. I usually dropped it there since he never acted like an alcoholic or anything after drinking it.

One day I woke up early, before him and I decided to grab something to drink from the fridge. We had a huge fridge and I would always grab the first thing to drink I saw. Strangely enough nothing caught my eye, nothing except a panel that looked slightly out of place. I tried to snap it back in but it ended up revealing a hidden section of the fridge. In the section there was one half gallon of...what looked like milk. I thought this was strange so I pulled it out to get a better look. 

As I pulled it out of the fridge and was about to read the label my father jumps out to surprise/scare me. I jumped and threw the carton up in the air. His face went from laughter to horror in a split second. The carton hit the floor and spilt everywhere. I looked up at my dad and he looked as if, I just did something terrible.

I looked at him and tried to break the stare by saying "Hey...don't cry over spilt milk right?" He just walked over to the carton picked it up and walk away. Standing in the milk soaked kitchen, I heard him open up the foyer closet. "Dad?" Then I heard him grab the keys. "Dad!?" I ran out to see him halfway out the front door and then have it slammed shut in my face...that was 50 years ago on this day...

I'm 67 now. In these 50 years I've finished school, graduated college and am married and have kids. We live in a quiet part of town and I managed to repurchase the house I grew up in. I never changed the locks in case he'd ever come back. Then I heard the door handle rattle, then the lock turn. It was 2:10 p.m. the kids are at school and my wife is at work. "Who can it be now?" I asked myself as a saxophone echoed in my head. The door opens and...it's...it's my dad! But...

He should be 87 but he looks exactly the way he did on that morning, except without a cowboy hat on. He had the same half carton in his hand, but this one wasn't spilled. I ran up to him and gave him a huge hug and nearly cried. "Dad! Where have you been?! What happened?" He silently stared at me. "Dad, I didn't mean to upset you 50 years ago. Why did you leave?!"

He just walked over and sat down on my couch placing the milk on the coffee table. Frustration welling up inside me I yelled "DAD, WHY DID YOU LEAVE ME!!!"

He sat there and simply motioned with his hand at the milk, and said "Try some boy, and have your friends try some also."

"What are you talking about?"

He pointed directly at the carton in an exaggerated fashion. "Here's some Nilbog Milk, special milk, high in vitamin *EHHHH*"

"Wha-"

He recovered from his sneeze "High in vitamin content."

Edit: Grammar and punctuation.