The first time Ravick the Ravisher stepped onto the green pebble, he knew that conquest would be easy. This would be nothing like the molten planet of Xera-2 where his soldiers had sunken beneath the ground only to be swallowed by fire. This planet, if it could even be classified as such, had a nitrogen rich atmosphere though most its inhabitants used oxygen. Because of this, life on this planet had never evolved to fully utilize its atmosphere.

He stepped through the wheat fields toward a red barn that housed the nearest form of intelligent life, if they could even be classified as such. They were still so primitive that they used words, scratching symbols into thin pieces of wood and smacking their lips together to communicate.

“Human,” his voice boomed louder than this planet’s thunderclaps. “Bow your head as your new God has arrived. I am Ravick the Ravisher, Conqueror of Galaxies, Destroyer of Stars. Resist and I will obliterate your planet with a single command.”

The human scurried through his wooden habitat and swung the front door open. “What in tarnation.”

Its jaw dropped and eye widened. The straw thing on his head fell as well as the one he had been chewing inside his mouth. Ravick’s jaw also fell. He had never seen such a pitiful and disgusting creature. Its limbs were sticks, disproportionate to its body, like The Creator had made its body and then ran out of matter to make the rest of it. Two front teeth protruded from its mouth as if The Creator had accidentally made one of its breathing holes too small. Surely, this could be the ugliest thing in the universe.

“Oh my Jesus,” the human jumped. “It’s an alien! My Uncle Richard warned me about you aliens. Said you probed him real good.”

“Uncle Richard?” Ravick muttered and then shook his head, clearing his thoughts regarding this pitiful thing. “Submit human or meet your demise!”

The human pressed its lips together and took a deep breath. “You landed in the wrong place, alien. This is America and we don’t buy down to no man. Much less some godless alien like yourself.”

The Conqueror of Galaxies furrowed his brow. “But I will destroy your planet.”

“Not if I shoot you dead!” The human reached behind the doorframe and pulled out a shotgun. He took aim and pulled the trigger.

A thousand metal pellets erupted from the weapon in a small explosion. They launched themselves into Ravick before bouncing off his armor and even his skin. He picked one up from the ground to inspect it. These humans were still slinging rocks to wage war!

“You like that, you foreigner!” the human screamed, reloading his fancy rock slinger. “First we got them illegals, now them aliens. All of you godless heathens!”

“Human, do you not understand your own predicament? Am I not communicating to you effectively?”

“You don’t understand your own predica-thing, ya green-skinned freak. Now you best get off my field before I put another buckshot into your ass.”

Ravick scratched the back of his head. “You can sling however many stones you wish, but it’s your planet at stake. The entirety of it. Don’t you wish to negotiate?”

“Americans don’t negotiate with no terrorists. I reckon the same applies to you aliens.” He finished reloading and raised up his rock slinger, his eyes narrowed and mouth scrunched.

Ravick could no longer deny it—they were adorable. They were the galaxy pugs, hideously malformed, quick to bark, and would sooner trip over themselves in a fight than cause any real damage. No being could have the heart so slay such creatures. He began retreating.

“Yeah, that’s right! Go back to your own planet, alien! Tell your friends about us too. America ain’t easy to mess with!” the human shouted after him. He whooped in the air, jumping for joy as if he had actually defeated the Destroyer of Stars.

“Oh my Creator,” Ravick muttered. It was too cute.

---

---

/r/jraywang
