Nothing much to say today... 
The 4am start had me rather up in arms and to top that the damn coffee machine was broken. Excellent... we can program security for the horrors of our universe, demigods, cryptids, sentient AI and monsters straight out of Hollywood. But, a fucking coffee machine eluded our maintenance engineers... again. 

So I thought I’d better get started on the early risers... For research this isn’t too bad in my experience. A damn sight easier than anything those poor test subjects have to endure. All I have to do I keep some of the more intelligent, sentient ‘creatures’ and anomalies mentally stimulated with some polite conversation. If it weren’t for the 4am start, the interpersonal restrictions and a perpetually broken coffee machine this would be almost perfect. I started my rounds on the upper levels. Nearer to the living quarters in relative terms. Nothing too dangerous... subject 4147 didn’t have much to say today, spiders aren’t the talkative type. On occasion though he can be quite interesting. A strange perspective that of a spider. Life quite literally hanging on a thread, not quite knowing if your next catch is an easy mayfly or a lethal hornet. Today though he seemed content to stick in his self made hammock and tell me In not so uncertain terms that he wasn’t interested today. Can’t blame him to be honest. 

Next was the routine test on subject 2467... she wasn’t pleased to say the least. She spent 20 minutes invisible in the corner of her habitat trying to convince us she had escaped or otherwise wasn’t in her containment area. Only when we turned on the paint sprinklers and let her take out her anger on the anti-magic glass did she finally comply. Even without a wand she can be vicious and definitely wasn’t in the mood today. But, the routine testing yielded expected results. Magical output nominal, still no signs of breaches in her containment area and her familiar was in good health as per usual. Fed, watered and tested and the day went on. 

I was called further down to the ‘the abyss’ or whatever stupid name the security personnel are calling it these days. The area where only the most powerful of beings are kept. Old gods, ethereal items and demigods all kept in a giant cavernous containment section kilometres below the surface. 5 minute elevator ride... stuffy, claustrophobic and with no seating... still better than taking the stairs I suppose. I’d rather wished they didn’t have to collapse the huge service elevator used to bring the corporeal entities down there. But I suppose having no means of escape is better than a slightly more comfortable elevator ride. Today I was to talk to 0099. A rather jovial fellow who has a particular love of crosswords. I wouldn’t have taken a sphinx to be quite so interested in the riddles of us mortals but he seems to be infatuated with them. Being nearly eight and a half meters tall does mean he’s incapable of using a blue ball point however. So we have to read out the clues over the speaker and project the image of the puzzle onto the wall of his Egyptian themed containment unit. Sometimes he asks about the world above but I don’t think he truly understands what year it is... for an intelligent immortal being he seems to have little to no concept of time. He would ask about the progress of someone he refers to as ‘The Liberator’ in Persia... presumably referring to a certain Macedonian king from two and a half thousand years ago. Even with having access to modern journalism he’s totally convinced that man has not progressed beyond that of the Bronze Age.  Today he cleared three puzzles from a British, Spanish and French paper... language appears to be no barrier if he even recognises them as different languages at all... after all that was done he decided that enough was enough and went about guarding his facsimile of a tomb awaiting a would be grave robber that would never come. Rather sad in some respects. 

Taking the elevator back up only to have the lights turn red and the breach alarm to sound... three times in a fucking week! Some of these damn entities just cannot behave... after about half an hour the all clear was sounded and the stuffy elevator began to move again. Apparently, the sentient statue got loose again... three people managed to blink at the same time and the fucker decided to snap a couple of necks and try to break down a blast door... I’m glad I never have to work in D section. I know my job is boring an tedious at times. But despite my complaints in a place like this boring is what is what I’d prefer ultimately. 

Back up to faculty room to find that amazingly the coffee machine was still broken... I feel like this stupid machine should be in a containment cell here with some of the entities. No matter how many damned technicians try to fix this stupid machine in a facility dedicated to marvels of engineering and technology designed to lock away monsters and horrors that could end the human race it will still find a way to break... 

Maybe tomorrow... 