I had just got to my desk when I noticed a missed call. I get a lot of scam fake phone calls so I thought little of and began getting on with the morning routine. Fired up Outlook, took another swig of coffee, just another Tuesday. My desk is next to Jen’s, she’s great, we usually shoot the shit at least 5 times a day. This particular Tuesday morning she’s telling me about her date from the night before. While she’s telling me I notice another call on my cell phone but because I get a serious amount scammers calling me, I don’t pick it up and interrupt her story. 

“So we finish up our meals and the check comes, I tell him that I would rather...”

My phone rings again and at this point I realize it’s the same number calling me. Jen stops the story as my attention is fully on my phone. 

“Do you need to take that?” She asks. 

I told it’s the third time they’ve called so I better. Scammers don’t use the same number to call you. They switch out numbers each and every time they try to reach you. 

I pick up, hello?

“Yes is this Tom? Tom Smith Jr?”

I’m never one to confirm anything over the phone without knowing who I’m talking to so I ask who’s calling. 

“This is the Benton Pennsylvania Police department, we have a Thomas Smith here and he is claiming to be your father”

“My father has been missing 50 years and presumed dead. I don’t think you have the right person.”

“Well whoever he is he had your fathers wallet on him when we picked him up. He was also driving the same car that your father was last seen with. So we have him in custody right now as he is the only lead on your fathers disappearance and as such he is a suspect.”

This is when I begin to lose my shit. Goosebumps and chills rage throughout my body and my feet go cold. Jen is starring at me mouthing ‘what’s going on?’ as I’m just starting into the abyss. I was 10 when my father disappeared. I always thought he had been killed, I always thought that something had happened to him. My mother defended him every day for past 50 years, she swore to me he’d never leave. She swore that something had happened to him. As an Young adult I started believing that he abandoned us. That his ‘cigarette trip’ was just like so many others I had read about. My mother brought me back the ledge on that though. The stories she told me about them and him. The history the two of them had. The love he had for her and for me. She showed me his journal and I read it countless times. He wrote almost daily about his thoughts, feelings, and the days events. From this I got to know him. Eventually I had no choice but to believe that something had happened to him. 

Now here I am 50 years later, talking to a police officer about the possibility of finding out what happened to him all those years ago. 

“Sir, Sir are you there?” 

“Uhh yes, yes sorry, I’m here”

“Sir, we’d like to ask you to come to the station and look at the things he brought in. It’s going to all be in evidence bags so you won’t be able to touch any of it but if you wanted to come and see the car and other items we’d like to have you come and look and then write a statement.” 

“Will I be able to see the man you have in custody?”

“No Sir not in person but we will have his mugshot available if you’d like to see that when you come in.” 

“Uhh yes, umm. It’s going to take me a few hours to get there. I’ll need to stop home and get a few things but I’ll come now. I’m about 2 east so it won’t be 1 or 2 until I get there.”

“That’s fine sir, we will see them, my name is Kathy and when you get here let them know you spoke with me and they will come get me”

“Thank you,”