Striking with a heavy *thump*, the hammer’s faded head narrowly missed its target and dented chestnut lacquer. Its wielder winced with pained surprise; a stray nail had spun from the sudden impact and carved a gash into his left thumb. “Goddammit!” he cried in frustration, dropping the hammer and sulkily sweeping the offending nail onto the carpet. Four legs and a base… how difficult was assembling a coffee table supposed to be?

Leaning back with a heavy sigh, the unhappy consumer reached for his mug and sloshed its bitter earthiness against his lips. Who even thought of tables for coffee in the first place? And why make them so damn complicated? He had been satisfied sipping his morning brew in the kitchen, but his wife *insisted* on a Swedish coffee table for the living room. *It’ll add sophistication to the space*, she said. He huffed. Apparently sophistication meant struggling with unnecessarily complicated Ikea furniture. And what was this monstrosity even called? Gripping his coffee with one hand and snatching crumpled yellow diagrams with the other, he scanned the assembly instructions. “Fördärvlig…” he mumbled bitterly, setting his coffee mug on the ground. “Elegant and easy to assemble? What a crock of shit.” 

In that moment, a single drop of blood tumbled from this grumpy husband’s wound and sunk smoothly into the wooden spirals of the unfinished coffee table. A sacrifice. Not enough to summon a major demon, but a worthy addition to the swirling sensations of frustration, anger, and desperation that permeated the living room. *This will do...if only for a single attack.* Oblivious to the splintered claws slowly curling outward from the table’s wooden legs, the builder continued scanning the assembly instructions. A crescent-shaped crevice *crrrraacked* open along the table’s tilted back, pulsing gently while tasting the air. Where was the summoner? Why hadn’t the oaths been taken? Fördärvlig rumbled quietly. *Flesh...blood… coffee.* 

Suddenly, the demon pounced. The man shrieked loudly in surprise as a half-finished coffee table launched itself into his right side, hissing and bubbling with otherworldly hunger. “What...what the hell?!” he shouted, grasping desperately at the chestnut tendrils curling around his waist. Fördärvlig skittered up the man’s spine with the ferocity of a predator and the grace of a drunken spider, flailing its twisted wooden appendages across the summoner’s skin to aid its climb. The man screamed with pain, grabbing his hammer from the carpet and swinging it wildly in futile attempts to dislodge the abomination. Fördärvlig hissed with amusement. *One cannot oppose an immortal demon’s feed… not with such pathetic power.* The monster’s splintered wooden claws punctured deeply into its victim’s heaving shoulders, drawing its gaping crescent orifice inches away from the pulsing arteries in the man’s neck. Fördärvlig shuddered with infernal pleasure. *Warm, steaming liquid…* The demon could practically taste it. Now was the time to claim its prey. 

The demon quickly released its grip, plummeting from the man’s neck onto the carpet below and skittering toward his abandoned coffee mug. Suddenly freed, the man gasped and toppled backward toward the assembly instructions. Had he been attacked by… the table? He watched in awestruck horror as the wobbling, dented, nail-punctured abomination descended upon his coffee in a slurping frenzy. Steaming mahogany liquid splashed across the loveseat and soaked into the carpet, mingling with the metallic tang of blood. It was a massacre, a slaughter unlike any he had ever seen. And once the table had its fill of his mug, what else would it want? The man gripped his hammer even tighter, bracing himself for mortal combat with the darkest furies of hell. 

.But suddenly, there was silence. After suckling the last earthy drops, Fördärvlig’s mouth glowed golden brown and melted back into its chestnut foundation. Its claws quivered briefly, withdrawing like wayward roots returning to the dirt. And the shuddering abomination, having finished its feed and overspent the length of its summons, collapsed to the carpet as furniture once more. 

Someone knocked on the front door. Staring at the dormant coffee table in stunned disbelief, the man said nothing as his wife entered the living room with the groceries. “Holy shit, Richard! What the hell happened?” she shouted. Amidst the splattered coffee and blood, twisted nails and splinters of wood lay scattered across the carpet and poked out from the couches, bookshelves, and chairs they had punctured. With the hollowed eyes of a war-torn veteran, Richard looked up at his wife.

“We’re taking this table back.”