Warmth. A dim light. The tight hug around my body. A deep, oscillating sound.

It occurred to me I was waking up. I felt gladness; memories began to trickle in of the fear I'd never wake up. I remember climbing into the chamber, of the nods and handshakes with the team I'd worked with during the training period. I remember detecting their nerves as I strapped in, of the lack of eye contact and forced smiles. 

I drifted to other goodbyes. My mother, sprawled in the hospital bed, her diminished frame wrapped in my fathers old blanket. Quick to the last, her last words a sly remark on the Doctors' misdiagnosis, and how much better off she'd be if I had chosen medicine. 

The sound of the cryo-liquid rushing from the chamber brought me to full consciousness. I was alert now, the mechanics of the chamber I understood inside-out fully at work. The sound was the deep-stim, now barely perceptible as it massaged my brain into an alpha-wave state. The seal of the pod came open, and air wafted over me. Future air. How long, I wondered. How long is too long? At least I should have some company -- though the pod was fully self-sustained for power, it would only open after the set date if it detected human pheromones in the surrounding area. This was my choice. Though I'd never had much luck for friends, and always somehow let my relationships slip, it seemed pointless to revive as the last human. Since the Middle-east and West had been integrated into the Chinese empire, the world had abandoned nuclear weapons; I supposed the possibility of reviving into a nuclear holocaust was ruled out. At least as long as their legacy had continued. 

Hopefully the language implant I designed would work - from everything I knew at the time, it ought to. 

Partly blinded by the light flooding in, I reached out for the handles at the rim of the seal. I was too frail to pull myself upright. I'd always lamented my meager frame, turning to dominating others in computer games, embarrassing my opponents in chess as much as I'd been embarrassed on the playing fields - instead I ran circles around others in the classroom, teachers and students alike. I remembered I needed to wait a little for my muscles to return to normal capacities, small as they were. After a few moments, I tried again; I was never lacking spite, and it was with this I steeled myself to finalise my second birth. 

.

I stood, as my optics told me, for the first time in three and half thousand and twenty-two years. It was 5568. I gaped at the vast constructions around me, gleaming cathedrals reaching high into the atmosphere, so high and wide that one strained to trace their structure. Even the 8x zoom my implants granted couldn't detect a peak between the clouds. I was transfixed, surrounded at every angle by a paradise I could not have imagined in my wildest dreams. The world I left behind possessed a bleakness such that hope was foolhardy. Despite all our best efforts; our economic restructuring, atmospheric treatment, abandonment of meat, trawling the ocean for microbeads, attempted re-plantation of the Amazon -- the world had been heading for ecological collapse. My suspension in time was supposed to be a positive-sum game. If the onslaught was inevitable, for whoever remained, at least they would have my knowledge and ingenuity. If humanity managed to avoid disaster, they would have a living reminder of when and how we went so wrong. 

It wasn't until I heard a chattering around me that I realised my local surroundings. The pod was atop a platform, perhaps 3 meters tall. People had gathered, pointing and staring up at me with wide eyes. Why was I revived so late? Had the pheromone sensor failed? Something about their proportions reminded me of children, eyes as big as their fists, large heads and slight bodies. It struck me how very odd-looking they were, with their small mouths and receded jawlines, heads scant of hair. It was hard to ascertain their gender, at least from up here. There were three of them stood at the front of the crowd in black uniform, juxtaposed against the vibrant clothing of the rest. I called out to them, 'Hello!?', and they murmured to one another, hands held out, with their fingers moving rapidly and gracefully. 

Someone said back, 'W E L C O M E'. But it wasn't coming from them. It was as if they had conjured the letters inside my very skull. 

I stammered, "W-w-wha-how did you do that?" 

"O N E  M O M E N T" 

My mind was racing in an attempt to consider all the possibilities. What was this technology, and what had humanity evolved into? How could we have changed so quickly? Surely it must have been genetic manipulation, still, how could genetics provide for this kind of possibility? Was there a kernel of truth to the psychics?

"Is this better?", I heard again, if heard was even an accurate notion.

"Much", I weakly replied.

"We finally figured out what the trigger was. We couldn't imagine that the designers would take such a stupid choice. Pheromones are a pain to synthesise, and risky. A trivial combination panel would have been nice."

Risky? I brushed this thought aside. "Well, I didn't want anything that wasn't human to-"

"Yes, we realised. You ruled out the possibility of speciation."

"But-"

"Even at your stage in history, you had enough to reasonably assume that manipulation of the human species would accelerate." 

"I suppose. Sorry."

"Already forgiven, dear. Please let us attend to you, before the entire city gathers." 

The crowd had grown substantially during our exchange. I noticed people materialising from thin air around us, all murmuring quietly, frantically gesticulating. I didn't have time to speculate on the technology. Something seemed unusual about their gazes. Not all of them were looking at my face. I turned hot with shame, desperately uncomfortable. I couldn't help but register how they were so small, so... Ugly. I was overwhelmed by the attention. I'd never done particularly well in my own slice of history, too obsessive for small-talk, too awkward to dance, too fumbling for romance. All too average to really appeal to anyone; I focused on science alone. I felt an undercurrent which I did not like. 

I wanted to get out of this plaza as quickly as possible. I walked to the edge of the platform and saw a ledge around half-way down. I let myself down to it, and awkwardly dropped to the ground. I brushed myself off and looked around. The crowd was getting closer, and more intent. 

"Quite incredible. Come with us."

They reached out to touch my hand, and I felt myself disintegrate. 

.