My whole life I never understood what anyone meant by "white." It seemed lazy having an umbrella term for a color that was the most inconsistent. A piece of white paper could have streaks of starlight like a slab of not-so-well mixed multicolored playdough. Table salt would have a black and blue glimmering starlight. Ive called it starlight my whole life, it's as if the colors change or shimmer like stars. They are always shifting and pulsing with time or distance, and with relative motion. Something like a live baseball game entices me. The ball goes from red to blue throughout the game. The uniforms are visually malleable as the players run around the field. It makes for a headache when watching television or driving, but there are a few perks. I have a general sense of speed for any moving object based on how the color shifts. A few things do look white to me too, such as an oil slick in the parking lot or the gap between a double rainbow.

Conventional art and beauty is lost on me and I rely on my radio for entertainment. My vision can be burden on those I love so I crafted my own eyeglass shield out of polarized lenses to dampen the effect for when I'm in public or overwhelmed, but I focus my strength on remaining nocturnal. 

Ive never met anyone else with this condition, it has baffled doctors and scientists. Unfortunately I've never been able to be given a diagnosis. My wife Lydia tells me her mother's maternal grandmother's Aunt Evelyn suffered from it and before the 20th century it was was much more common, but anyone who had it rarely made it into adulthood. Evelyn took her own life at 14. 

Rumor was Leonardo da Vinci had the condition and was the longest living person ever known to have had it. I had no proof other than a story of when Evelyn saw the Mona Lisa. The following day she was found hanging in the woods. Lydia is convinced Hitler had the Vision as well, she believes it's why he was fascinated with the Mona Lisa and insistent on stealing it. She believes his rise to power was not only inspired by the Mona Lisa, but the only reason he radicallized Germany after being rejected from art school.

I never really believed my wife until she brought me to Paris and I saw for myself. 

Immediately after viewing it, I rushed back to the hotel to grab my passport and I left Paris immediatetly. My wife begged me not to go. It got heated. I regret that it came to violence. Her body will be found in the morning so I've bought myself enough time to flee the country but not much after that.

I won't tell you what I saw exactly but as I walked toward and away from the painting I saw the truth. Mona Lisa is a real person, and she's still alive somewhere. I'll also tell you this: she's not smiling nor frowning..she's silently begging for mercy. She's being held captive and is pleading for death. Once the Mona Lisa noticed I could see her and saw who I was with her jaw fell open. In a panic, she mouthed a
desperate plea:

>!"Don't trust Lydia."!<


