Silence filled the room as I look towards the living room door, I-I’m at a loss for words. I don’t wanna believe what I’m seeing, but it’s right in front of me. My so called “deadbeat” father was here and back.

“Dad is that you?” I asked reluctantly

“Um kiddo?”

He walk into the house some more. I seriously don’t believe it and he can’t either. But he’s more naive than surprised as I am.

“Woah. Shit I’m sorry this is embarrassing.” He says as he finally see’s me

“What’s the matter?” I asked

“This isn’t my house sorry about that young man, our house looks the same I guess, weird that my key works for this house though. You should probably go get that fixed or something.”

I’m very shocked, but I don’t know wether it’s because I’m now just seeing my father again after 10 years or my father’s a total idiot and he doesn’t recognize his 18 year old son after all those 10 years.

“Uuummm are you fucking serious right now?”

“Woah woah woah, it’s an honest mistake don’t get mad now I seriously thought this was my house, look I’ll just leave sorry for the intrusion.”

Oh fuck he’s leaving, but I don’t know what to say it’s really like he’s not my father anymore he left us for 10 years my mom was devastated and I was just forced to grow up faster. What do I do? I’m sweating because it’s been so long since I’ve seen him I want to hate him but I want to love him too.

“DAD!” I screamed

He stops moving. It’s kind of weird actually because he just stopped mid walking and was reaching for the door.

“Dad it’s me... Jacob... y-your son.” I said sadly

“Jacob? No way.” He said astonished

He turns around to look at me

“Is this a joke to you? How do you know my son’s name? What you like watching 8 year olds or something creep?” He said angrily

“No, wait what? I’m your son... look it’s me Jakey.”

He looks mad still I think he’s about to kick my ass. He really must not believe me or something. I have to think of something, but what? Mom’s removed everything single thing about him and I gotta think.

“Ok bud listen here stay the hell away from me, my family, and especially my so-“

“WAIT! Stop. Look stay right here please don’t leave I have something that’ll convince you”

I dashed across the living room and sprinted into my room as fast as I could. I was looking for the one thing I know he’ll remember. It’s a little weird to have kid stuff in my room, but they were stuff I had to remember by dad by and I wasn’t letting my mom destroy it.

“C’mon where is it? I swore I saw it like a week ago. AH-HA FOUND IT!”

I ran back to my uneasy and a little irritated father, but his eyes widened  when I showed him the signed football I got hit by when I was only 5.

“How did you get this?” He ask nervously

“Remember we went to that football game when I was 5? My favorite player scored and he threw a ball into the crowd and I tried catching it, but it hit my face instead, so he decided to sign the ball for us as a sorry.”

He’s very puzzled by the look on his face, but also surprised as well.

“But I don’t get it... that happened 3 years ago.” He said shockingly 

“What do you mean? That happened like at least 13 years ago.”

He’s pale and scared and shocked I thought he was joking, but he’s genuinely scared about something.

“Son... I-I’ve only...”

“What is it dad?” I asked

“I’ve only been gone for half an hour.”

He’s very scared to find himself in a situation like this, I wanna say he’s joking, but looking at his out of date clothing and his ageless look he’s very much not joking.

“Last time I saw you, you were 8, like literally 30 minutes ago is the last time I saw you. So if that ball thing happened 13 years ago for you that’s would make you... 18!”

“Uuuhhh yeah you were gone for 10 years.”

He’s sweating a little, looks as if he’s gonna faint from this news, but he keeps himself together and decides to speak.

“10... 10 long years I was gone? I don’t understand how... Oh fuck your mother, the love of my life and you going through your pre-teen years and plus puberty! I wasn’t there for you or your mother, but that was all half an hour ago for me. Where is your mother anyways?”

“She’s probably out somewhere at some bar.” I said all casually

“She drinks now?!? She’s never drank before, she’s my beautiful angel.” He said surprisingly 

“Well dad you were gone for 10 years call it crazy, but she waited for you for the first 5 years. She said that you were everything to her and that she’s your world and that y’all were soulmates from the first time y’all met. She loved you and when you didn’t come back she never let anyone to her life. Like I mean a lot of weird guys, rich dudes, and plain average joes wanted to be with her, but she preferred a bottle of whiskey over anyone else.”

He took a seat on the couch and closed his eyes. He opened them and looked at me.

“What happened? What am I gonna do now? I should’ve never went out for those damn cigarettes! I was supposed to stop smoking anyways because we were thinking of having another kid, but my dumbass wanted a daily dose of fucking nicotine.”

He sat there on the couch I’ve missed him a lot, but he’s really been gone for so long it’s just all alien for this to be happening.

“Dad... maybe you should actually leave, like for real this time?”

“Seriously? That’s your solution?” He said smart assidly

“Well to us you were gone for 10 years and I mean you being back would just change everything. I’ve missed you a lot and mom does too, but seeing you haven’t aged a day and still somewhat youthful you could just live a new life.”

He got up and looked at me tears in his eyes and looked around the house.

“I was only gone for 30 minutes I don’t know if I can be gone for longer than that. I love you and your mother, but it’s true what you’re saying, me being back would disrupt a lot of what you guys have. The best thing now is to let this role play out.”

Tears filled my eye and so did his. We both came together and hugged each other tightly.

“I’ve missed you a lot dad and I’m gonna miss you some more, but at least I know you weren’t a deadbeat dad.”

“I’m gonna miss you a lot son and your mom she was my everything and so are you, but now I guess I’ll take the title of deadbeat father and leave... leave for real this time I mean.”

After the hugging I walked him out the house he got back in his truck and drove away. Not too long after my mom comes home. I didn’t tell her that dad came back because I didn’t want her destroying herself again and getting her hopes high to see dad, but after that day he came back the following years I’ve gotten presents sent to me on my birthday, and my mom too, and every year on her anniversary she gets gifts with the same note that reads “I will always love you dearly my beautiful angel.” Good job trying to be discreet dad, but my mom is just as naive as him, but at least she stopped drinking. Who would’ve figured that my “deadbeat” father is the best father.