Anna’s Ghost
***

“Anna, can you hear me?” I asked.

“What?” my only daughter answered drearily. She was slumped over her dining table. Her eyes were red. It was late. She had been crying.

“Anna, it’s me,” I said. I put all my strength into being heard. Into existing.

“Oh my goodness, dad?” Suddenly, Anna was alert. She stood up and began to pace back and forth. “No! There’s no way that’s you. Gosh, I must be going crazy!”

“Anna, you’re not crazy! Listen to me!”

Anna shook her head. “No, I can’t entertain delusions! You’re not real! I’m just hallucinating because it’s one year since you died. My boss said I should see a psychiatrist after I had the breakdown. I didn’t listen.”

I didn’t want to see Anna like this. I wanted her to smile again. She hadn’t smiled once since I died.

“Anna… It doesn’t matter if you think I’m real or not. I just want to tell you something. I’ve seen you hurting. I know you feel like you failed, and-”

“I did fail, dad! After mum died, I spent my life trying to save you! And I failed!”

“Anna, I know what failure feels like. Believe me, I’ve had my fair share. But I’ve seen you grow, and you have been my proudest achievement. It hurts to see you go through this. You have mourned, and it is time to move on and finish your work.”

I must have struck a chord, because Anna paused and sat down again. “My work…” she muttered.

Anna was the smartest person I’d ever known, and that’s not just my pride as a father speaking. She was very young when her mother died, and I suppose she never accepted it. She became a biotechnical researcher, and she spent her life working on unlocking human immortality. Her research was her passion at the expense of all else. To her, my death was more than the loss of a loved one. It was the failure of her life’s work.

“Anna, listen,” I began. “There are so many more people out there who need you now. Just before I died, you told me you were so close to a breakthrough. You told me to hang on. I was in awe, you know? In awe at what an amazing person you’d become.” I chuckled at the memory. I don’t know if Anna could hear my chuckle, but a smile tugged at the corner of her mouth, and my heart soared. “Please, do this for me. You always seemed happiest when you were at work. I want to see that again.”

I stayed with Anna that night, and we talked until the sun rose.

The next day, she applied to return to her old position on the research team. They had been utterly lost without her, and they accepted her immediately.

***
Within a decade, human immortality was viable, and Anna became the world’s most famous scientist. She was never accustomed to the spotlight, and I think she found it more daunting than anything she had faced in her work. Her auburn hair turned a silvery grey.

In the meantime, I met other ghosts. From their experience, they explained that ghosts remained on Earth for as long as they were remembered. Very few ghosts were able to make themselves heard. I was one of the lucky ones. A few of the ghosts were social, but most kept to themselves. It didn’t matter much to me. I had been social in life, but in death I felt comfort in isolation.

I even met Anna’s mother again. She was happy, albeit apprehensive, to see me. All the problems we’d experienced in life felt like a bad dream. We spoke for a great length, and then enjoyed each other’s company in silence.

***
Anna had wanted to die. With no living family, and no close friends, she felt that she had given her gift to humanity and was ready to leave.

“When I die, I’ll be with my parents,” she told the media. Her wishes were met with great protest. A mind like hers shouldn’t die, the media said. I was inclined to agree, but Anna would have none of it. She had made peace with her end. She said she wanted to join me and her mother on the other side.

It was the strangest thing that convinced her to live. I had told her that ghosts disappear when they are forgotten. Anna asked me what happens to ghosts after they disappear, but I had no idea. Anna was the one who pieced it together.

“So, after I die, who will be alive to remember you and mum? Eventually, you’ll disappear. But I won’t join you. I’ll never disappear, because everyone alive knows my name and, thanks to me, they’ll never die.”

That was the reason for her choice, and it showed how much she truly loved her mother and me. The truth was that, even though I had wanted Anna to live forever, I wasn’t sure if it was the right thing to do. Maybe that’s just me and my old fashioned ways. 

I stayed by her side for thousands of years.

***
Humanity spread across the universe. My dearest Anna was appointed as a scientific advisor to the Federation of the Milky Way, the most densely populated and economically active human federation in the universe.

Every few decades, Anna set aside a year to spend time with me and her mother. Humanity’s languages had long since evolved into forms we could not understand, but Anna spoke to us in the version of English we had used when I was alive. It was a simple gesture, so that I did not have to trouble myself learning new dialects every few centuries, but I always felt touched.

Unfortunately, this did not last forever.

Fifteen thousand years after my death, Anna told me that the hardware in her brain had long ago reached the physical limits of the universe, and it was it now packed to its capacity. Any information she wished to gain, she had to erase something else from her mind.

“There’s a lot of processing power in my mind,” she told me. “I’ve been using it to make sense of the crazy amount of policies that the government implements for the Galaxy. Most people have regular memory clean-ups every decade. I need to forget, or my mind is going to stagnate.”

“What are you saying?” I asked, but I knew. My mind was like a termite compared to hers, but I could understand enough. She needed to erase memories that were least relevant to her current life – the memories of her life fifteen thousand years ago. Her mother and I would disappear. 

Eventually, I spoke. “Anna, I’m so proud of all the good you’ve done for humanity, and everything you’ve created. It’s more than what I ever thought was humanly possible. If this is going to be a goodbye, then I’m happy for the fifteen thousand years we’ve shared.”

Anna was silent.

***
Eventually, my last day came. 

Anna organised her memory clean-up. It was going to be precise. Her mind would be in peak condition afterwards. The androids who perform such procedures sensed her apprehension, and they gave her words of comfort. She didn’t say anything in response.

Just as the procedure was about to begin, Anna signalled for the androids to stop.
The androids seemed puzzled, and they asked her something in their foreign syntax. I had no idea what their question was, but Anna responded in a version of English I understood.

“No.”

***
Epilogue:

Human self-terminations were rare, but they were known to happen. 

Anna’s last wish was that her self-termination was not to be publicised. She requested that all records of her existence be removed from the public archives. All her work and achievements, spanning fifteen millennia of scientific and political progress, were to be reattributed to Anna’s colleague, who was happy to take the credit.

After Anna’s death, she remained as a ghost, sustained by the memories of the people who knew her personally. As centuries passed, the memories of those people were cleaned up and overwritten. Eventually, Anna faded. 

Her last hope as a ghost was that she would see her parents again on the other side, if one existed.