I was sick of this fucking alleyway. Here I was, standing next to a puddle of piss, in a narrow dark alley. Don't get me wrong, I'm not stupid. I didn't start out in this shithole. At first I was standing near the mall. Dressed not to wealthy, but also not like a complete drug addict. Just somebody like you and me. Somebody who needs a little help. I grabbed one of the cardboards and wrote on it.

"Fell on bad luck. Please help. Need food and shelter"

Basically the whole christmas story. But wouldn't you know, once I was standing there for only a minute, the mall mart security was heading my way.

"Sir, we kindly have to ask you to leave."

Nothing in their bearing looked to kindly to my eyes. So I packed my cardboard and headed to the next avenue. You already figured out the story, everywhere the same. So I ended up here, right next to this pool of piss and that little stray dog. Even though I read somwhere dogs should have very sensible noses, he didn't seem to mind the stink. He was ransacking all the garbages containers, trying to get some bites out of what the restaurants around throw away. 

While watching him, I tried to count how long I was already on my quest for some suitable heir to my fortune. Do be honest, I didn't expect it to be a hit and run, but I expected it to happen a little sooner. Now it's already getting dark and still nobody looks in my direction. All this people shuffling by. Few look like they couldn't use a million or two. This are not bad people. Just numb people. Grinded down by their own problems and sorrows. If you are in the dirt, trying to crawl out of the boiling bot, it's hard to  make it, without pulling everybody else down. All the philanthropic whealty old people, be damned, we have to many poor people here. Somebody need to give at some point. Maybe I should not give away all my money to some random dude. Maybe I should create a fund, with the goal to make our country more civilized. Health care for everyone. Down with the huge income gaps. Make America truly great again. 

At this moment, I feel a tuck on my trousers. It's the stray. He has a bone in his mouth and whimpers at me. Then he let's he fall at my feets. I will be damned.

I'm cold and I hated this. So I decided, in this moment, to just give everything to this dog, should somebody else care about the world, I'm out of here!
