*Where the hell is this vanilla extract? Please tell me they carry it at this tiny ass store?* The sound of a slight squeak in the wheel of my mostly full grocery cart, the ever faint mixing odor of baking supplies and floor cleaner, and the harsh fluorescent light from above were not helping my irritation as I stalked up and down the aisles of this small time mom and pop grocery store in town. It was close to my apartment, hell it was close enough that I can walk even with all the groceries. Of all things I was surprised they carry, vanilla extract is something they don’t even stock here in this place. I knew I should have gone to the supermarket on the other side of town.

I turned the corner down the next aisle and found a man, rough pale skin, lean build, standing a head taller than me stocking the shelves wearing the typical apron get up the employees wear. Pulling out my headphones I called out to him, “Excuse me, Ayputh is it? Could you help me out by chance? I can’t find something.” The employee, was reaching up to place a can of green beans on the shelf before he froze in his tracks. There was a long pause, the only sound was the light pop music playing from the speakers above and the light conversation and footsteps of the other patrons in the store. Then like a frighten animal from its natural predator the man whipped around, causing to lose his grip on the can as it was slung from his grasp and send it clattering down the aisle and smashing into a freezer coffin at the end of the aisle. I was stuck in place as these piercing gold and blue eyes locked with me.

My body felt heavy, as if I was slowly being pushed to the bottom of the ocean floor. I felt the urge to shrink my body before a giant presence that was beginning to loom over me. A cold sweat started to form on my forehead before I slowly began to see who was standing in front of me. A tall man, with skin pale like snow, rough like he had weathered the forces of nature most of his life before trying to conform to society, almost completely hairless except the matching pale white hair on his head. Shaved to one side and laying on the other side. He had tattoos although I couldn’t tell what they were, strange symbols and diagrams littered his arms down to the knuckles and were barely poking from the top of his collar. A large nose pushed out from his face, thin lips, and gold and blue eyes. No.. it was one piercing snow blue eye… and one bright shiny gold eye!

As I stopped in my tracks and froze in place when we locked eyes, I could feel… time. Decades, centuries even passing through my body! I felt old and yet I was still standing in the 21st century, in the middle of an grocery store aisle, locked eyes with a man who hasn’t moved an inch since I called to him. *Him? That seems off for some reason…* Finally the employee blinked very slowly before shaking his head. “I’m sorry sir. What did you say?” The tone was friendly, inviting like anyone would in a customer service position. But his face, was hard as stone, like I had just offended his family.

“Um… Yeah,” I remembered to blink and breathe again before asking slowly again, “Do you know where I could find vanilla extract Ayputh? That is your name right?” As the last word left my mouth I looked down at the name tag on his apron, and it read… Jon. *What? I was wrong? How? I’ve never been wrong?* As I began to fidget in place and figure out what I had just done, it dawned on me as the Jon, or Ayputh, stalked up to me… *That’s not his real name.* I felt a rough arm clasp my wrist and my eye shot up and met his eyes again. That same blue and gold gaze, it felt like… being plunged deep into the snow with nothing but your boxers on! So cold that it burned! The employee’s eyes were flaring hard as the strength of grip tighten on my wrist I began to sink and wince at the pain.

“Do not say another word. Bring your cart.” As Jon began to pull on me towards the back of the store and pushed through and employees only door. My cart left at the door as another employee noticed us called out to Jon. “Jon, where are you going?” asked the confused older gentlemen organizing the meat section of the store. “Going on break!” shouted Jon back to his coworker. I looked over my shoulder and met his eyes and just gave a half hearted smile and shrugged and was jerked along. The back of the store was as you expect. Stacked and clustered with the stores stock, Jon kept pulling me along not saying a word and I was to scared to say something with the presence of what felt like… in a word death. Jon came to the back of the store before bursting through another set of doors that took us outside behind the store. Two startled employees jumped at the noise. “Mary needs you guys inside, and she was pretty urgent,” Jon said in passing glance to the others who looked at each other, shrugged their shoulders and walked inside. As the door closed behind them, Jon stopped suddenly making me walk straight into him and fall back. As I looked up that same looming threatening presence began to over take me as Jon turned around and looked down at me.

“I will say it once. And I want the truth, and don’t bother lying. I can smell a rat who lies in my presence,” Jon spoke as he crossed his arms. Staring up at him then looking around to an empty lot with no one around I swallowed my heart back into my chest. “Tell me how you know that name?”

“Well… I’m sorry if I offended you. I thought that was your name?” Something loud cracked behind Jon, as I looked down the asphalt was cracked as if something had slammed into it! “Look I don’t know how!” I said panicking and holding my hands out in front of me, “Ever since I could speak I’ve known the names of everyone I meet! It’s like their name is a bright sign above their head I can see! Your name just had the one word… Ay-” Another loud crack this time next to me.