Galactic Union Database Entry 365748:
Species: Human (Terran)
Origin: “Earth” Planet orbiting “Sun” Star in Galactic Sector Arm-12
Threat Level: Mostly Harmless
By: Humanologist Frod Perfect

Entry: 
The Terran species, or “Human” as they call themselves, are a Tier 4 Civilization that has dominated their solar system, through unusual means. They are known throughout the galaxy as an irrational species that acts before fully creating well-thought out plans. Whilst average sentient forms will spread throughout their local system for military conquest, economic gain, religious pilgrimages, or due to need of resources, the “Human”race decided to explore the stars because “we felt like it” (Human Ambassador Greg Jones Earth year 2708). 

Humans are incredibly spontaneous. They name things without any clear system and in incredibly small minded manners. Examples of this are seen in their names for Astrological bodies. They invented the term “Sun” to describe a star in the center of a solar system, and then proceeded to name their sun “Sun”. They repeated this process with “Moon” and “Solar System”. Even stranger is their name for our galaxy. Instead of doing what most species have and naming it based on location, humans call it “The Milky Way” which my observations tell us they named after a beloved candy bar. 

It is unknown if the human race is capable of thorough strategic actions. Their methods of handling problems appear to be “insane” and “stupid” yet somehow they have never lost in any recorded galactic warfare. Most species would have thought it suicide to deactivate their entire fleets to avoid being detected and get the flank on their opponents in the Terran Xyllquen War. By entire fleets I mean they actually turned off everything including all their lights and oxygen producing machinery.  But humans didn’t think twice. By perhaps sheer chance, their opponents had only brought EMP weaponry to that fight and therefore were rendered useless when an entire fleet of unnecessarily dense and protected human ships rammed directly into the Xyllquen Warship. When asked, war strategist Joe Lincoln responded, “We had no idea about the EMP, we just wanted to dodge their radars.” Researchers later learned that, although ineffective against laser tech, human ship hulls were ultra thick because the manufacturers tried to scam them into paying for more launch fuel. Thus allowing the humans to launch themselves as projectiles, and take out their enemies in the ship with primitive electricity free projectile weapons as opposed to the civilized laser technology available. 

The only recorded loss in Galactic Human history is against a non-sentient pest species of large avians on a planet in the Outback region, which lies down under “The Solar System” in which they were incapable of winning a war they waged against a species they named the “Emtwu.”

All other Galactic Union recognized sentient species have adapted superstitions about Terrans. Ever since they toppled the bloodthirsty Grexkan Mega-Empire without ever declaring war or even dispatching battle fleets. The Humans just sent one small team to perform an “Impossible Mission” that involved infiltrating the Grexkan Warship the “Planet-Eater”, deactivating all of their asteroid detection modules, and setting course for an asteroid belt. Mission leader Ethan Cruise commented, “Calling this mission impossible means doubting the human race.”

Most other species tend to avoid humans whenever possible, as they are unpredictable and untrustworthy. However they are also too afraid to deny any trade deals humans offer, as coming off as hostile against such an unpredictable species could mean the end of your civilization. Despite this humans have almost never been responsible for the starting of any war and generally friendly towards strangers. They have created businesses sending large voyager ships randomly deep through space on friendly missions to establish connections with other species. This form of starship enterprising is seen as a bad omen and often leads to many conflicts, none of which ever seem to go poorly for the humans. 

It is unknown if humans are extremely powerful and ominous or if they’re just lucky and rash. But one thing is certain; their bizarre style of managing problems has been effective up til now. 

End of Entry



-This was fun to write! I love the prompt and I hope anyone who sticks through the whole thing enjoys my writing. I tried fitting in some references, I hope they don’t feel too forced though. Either way I had a blast!

