[Writing Prompt](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/55gme5/wp_while_walking_you_notice_everyone_recoiling/?st=ITT2D21C&sh=7c94a590) 

"You seem familiar to me" rattled in my heart as I listened to her. Her hair laid effortlessly across her shoulders and arms as if delicately placed there. I use to draw pictures of someone that looked like her. I would spend hours on her hair. Her big brown eyes stared up at me as I kneeled down in front of her. 

"Why do I feel as though I've missed you? Am I going to die soon?"

She laughed in the most comforting way. I had almost forgotten that there were people around until I realized they had circled around the two of us in fear. 

Insecure, I responded "Why are you laughing at me? Everyone here recoiled in fear, but I came closer. I came to make sure you were okay." 

"No, you didn't come here for me. I came here for you. I haven't seen you since our birth. You are my twin brother and I needed to see you. Even if it breaks the rules."

At that moment the sun hung a little lower, all the heat and people around us left. It felt as though evening came fast yet landed softly. Everything she was saying didn't make sense. But I wanted to believe her. I had been alone most of my life. I reached my hands down on the cracked tar and humbly sat down in front of her and asked 

"How is it possible that I believe every word you are saying? My brain doesn't want to accept this but I know better." 

"Brother, you are Life and I am Death." 

"Excuse me" I gulped at this poetically scary thought. 

"We complete the circle together, yet we can never be together, always on opposite sides." 

She paused with a sad motion then continued 

"Everyone around you sees you as they would life. Haven't you noticed you are different? Didn't father ever tell you?" 

"Father? I've never met him. I was raised by quiet monks. They've all passed away, but I was once told that my mother brought me there because what they practiced was the closest to her nature."

"Hmmm I guess that makes sense." 

"What do you mean? What are you even saying to me right now?"

"Our father is Chaos and our mother is...." 

She looked around her as if someone would hear her. For some reason I accepted Chaos but why wouldn't she finish her sentence about mother and why did she seem scared to say who she is. 

"Solace!" 

I yelled as if I knew her and her name my whole life. As shocked as I was that I knew her name it didn't stop me from continuing. 

"WHO IS OUR..."

Before I could finish she knew exactly what I was going to ask. 

"Our mother is the water that has no movement." 

Irritated by her riddled response I stood up to walk away. This had to be bullshit anyways. But before I could move my life flashed before my eyes. Everyone around me saw me as they viewed their own life. It made sense how everyone treated me. It made sense how certain people saw me. Everything I had been questioning and searching for made sense.

"I believe you" I said under my breath. 

I turned back around to give my hand to my twin sister, to pick her up off that dirty ground, but she was gone. There was a note on the ground written in chalk. 

It said "Father is coming. Don't let him find you." 