*Thank Christ no-one else is in here*, I thought as I heaved over the restroom sink, my throat dry and hoarse.  Even the act of thinking seemed to somehow rasp against me as the final sounds of the coughing fit echoed in the dented tiling and forlorn paintwork.

I checked myself in the mirror.  A sheen of sweat sat flatly over my face, tinged paler in the white light of the restroom.  I splashed myself with water for a moment, moderating my breath still.  The wash did little to alleviate my sickly pallor, but at least I *felt* somewhat better.  The sounds of the restaurant were silent beyond the twisting corridors that led to the restroom; I wasn't sure I'd be able to get back again, having stumbled my way there without paying much attention.

My phone buzzed in my hand; I'd forgotten I was still holding it.  The screen lit up with a text message I'd apparently received a few minutes ago; *how's it going*?  A quick text back was easy while I composed myself; *later*.  

I took a deep breath, nearly coughing again but holding it back in.  I wanted to be back in the restaurant - that was always a positive sign.  A brief shake of the head, a raise of the eyebrows, and I turned away from the mirror, pushing the door to the restroom open.

The corridors remained quiet, lined with dark wooden panelling.  Unidentifiable photographs lined the walls as I threaded my way back to the dining room; black-and-white pictures probably bought as stock footage with cheery looking sailors waving at the camera, perhaps, or some proudly showing off former owners with their arms round celebrities that no-one cared to remember beyond their brief moments of fame.  *No wonder*, I thought, *they left them on the restroom corridor*.

I pushed the door back into the main dining area.  I started slightly as it squeaked a little, breaking the silence.  It hadn't been that quiet when I'd run in, had it?

The restaurant was still silent.  Empty, and silent.  No waiters; no music; no conversation.  Food lay abandoned, cutlery displaced around chairs and tables haphazardly.  Pools of drink spread across floors and table-clothes where glassware had splintered, heady alcoholic concoctions mingling unpleasantly with sickly soft drinks. Shattered plates lay in the pathways between tables, the smell of still-warm steaks and fish seeping in to fill the silence.  There was no-one there.

Except the woman at the door.

She looked at me across the room and smiled politely.

'What happened?' I said, my eyes still taking the scene in.

Her smile didn't touch her eyes.  She gestured lightly with her hand.  She was wearing a dark suit; I remember that much.

'You made me.  I thought you should know.'

She pushed lightly on the door to open it and slipped away into the afternoon sun as I watched.

*Again*.