Bob Ross sat in the black room he was known for, with an easel and some paints.  He looked to the camera, if he could make people happy with his paintings it would make him feel happy and at peace with himself.   He could return home, to a nice little place where his wife would be waiting for him with a home cooked meal.  

“Sometimes you got to stand in the rain to appreciate the sun–––”

He couldn’t finish his sentence as he noticed a white light forming on his hands, within his veins.  He stared at it curiously as it seemed like his very skin was being painted by the galaxy with stars and magic.  It didn’t hurt, as he felt a pulsating beat as familiar as his own heart beat.   A blinding white light took over his vision, as he felt himself being pulled forth.

“Legends speak of your power, in some texts I have read they claim you are one of the most powerful beings to ever exist.  With only 1% of your power you could make the entire world happy.”

The reanimated corpse of the once famous painter, Bob Ross looked around at his surroundings.  They seemed to be in an old abandoned house, with a young woman wearing ragged clothing and hair that was beyond knotty to the point of being near dreaded clumps on her head.  Her skin was pale and veins bulged in her arms, she was breathing heavily as he noticed strange symbols in blood around him.   He didn’t know what this place was, although he noticed a few wilting plants.

“Please, make the world happy again.”  Her body was shaking and he could see beads of sweat on her body.  “No, I command you to make the world happy again.”

Bob paused and stared at the woman, she seemed to be expecting something.  “Well, I don’t know what I’m supposed to do here.”  Bob stated, this certainly wasn’t his time.  

“Listen you...  you...  Fuzzy haired freak!  I need to make the world happy again and the scriptures said you know how to.”  She snapped, frustrated by the turn of events.  Dark bags were under her eyes and she then turned to her books.  “I don’t know what you’re playing at!  All the research points that you’re going to make the world happy again!”  

A rustling noise was heard outside, causing the female to shoot upright like a meerkat.  She grabbed her books and then looked to the reanimated corpse.   “We can’t stay here.”  She then looked to where a sound of banging could be heard against the door. 

With a wave of her hand a fire bolt was sent forth, bright green flames went straight through the door, scorching and burning anything that would come across it.  “Come on, Azaziel,” a small black cat jumped on top of her head and flicked its tail with annoyance.  She then turned to Bob Ross and opened a small clear tear drop like gem on a locket around her neck, Bob felt himself being sucked into it.  “I’m sorry Mr Ross but it’s safer in here.”  She commented, as more men in blue seemed to come through the door.

“It’s another Necromancer!”  The guard shouted, pointing a sword at her.  “Call the Hunter’s Division.”

“Azaziel.”  She snapped towards the cat.  The cat looked up at her with diamond shaped pupils, then towards the guards.  Fireballs of blue surrounded the cat and the woman.  “Emittet.”  She uttered, causing the fireballs to explode in fantastic displays of blue, causing a thick heavy smoke to coat the room.  

“She has a de...  mon...”  One guard uttered before hearing multiple thumps on the ground.  

The woman sighed a breath of relief as she kneeled on the ground, the cat rubbing itself against her knee.  “You really over did it,” the cat commented, which to Bob Ross was certainly an odd thing.  Although he assumed that in this world nothing was at it seems.  “I warned you to find somewhere more secluded.”

“Conflent.”  The woman said, putting her hand on the cat.  Bob was confused at first, as he noticed that the woman and cat seemed to come together in the form of a strange tabby cat with bright amber eyes.  How odd, a world where magic was possible.  

“Where are we travelling Captain?”  Azaziel’s voice sounded loud and heavy when they were merged together.  Perhaps the strange woman and the cat were speaking through some kind of telepathy or mind link as Azaziel soon huffed.  “The Dead Tree?  You better restore your powers soon.  I’m tired of not having a nice house to sleep in.”

Bob heard a snap of fingers as a small cottage-like house was established.  It was small and roomy, with the Necromancer appearing.  “I never introduced myself, did I?”  The woman commented, as Bob Ross looked around at the small cottage.   “They call me Tasiya, and my cat Azaziel.”  

“What is that thing?”  Bob found himself asking.

“A cat,”  she answered with a wiry smile and a wink.  “Nothing more and nothing less.”

“So why did you summon me?”  Bob found himself asking.

“Because your magic is powerful enough to paint happiness and beauty back into the world.”  Her eyes glowed white as holographic images seemed to appear, stating Bob Ross as the true bringer of happiness.  “You cure depression and despair!  Don’t you see how important that is!”  

Bob found himself thinking, did his legacy leave that much of an impact?   “Well I’ll help you the best I can, but I’m not magical.”  He answered.

“Maybe I’ll help you unlock that magic potential all over again.”  Tasia held out her hand.  

Bob Ross took it.  “Maybe I’ll show you that magic is within every living thing, even you.”

