My beloved grandmother had always gone on about it. Rabbiting on that when she was with child, she saw 'beasties' about the house, getting into the rhubarb crumble, knocking things off the mantlepiece with their tails (accidentally, but of course) in their mission to get as close to the fire as possible - and worst of all, trampling all over the flowerbeds in her precious garden.

Naturally, I thought it was nonsense. Just the sweet ramblings of an old lady with a vivid imagination, trying to make life fun and interesting for me. So I played along, and pretended I could see them too. Nothing could have prepared me for the first day I really did. 

It was a lovely morning, and I was in bed with a cup of tea, a plate of biscuits, and a book I was trying to get into. It was cold, and I was bundled up in my blankets, when I felt an odd prickling sensation down my side. My immediate thought was that I had got some infernal biscuit crumbs down there; just my luck! Readying myself to sweep them briskly away (onto the carpet, to be hoovered later) I sharply pulled back the quilt... and realised I was looking down at a small, shiny-eyed dragon. 

Ah, I was dreaming. That was it. I pulled the covers back over myself, set down my cup of tea, and resolved to 'go back to sleep' within my dream - this was a surefire way to wake up. But the prickling continued, and it wasn't until the little creature had clambered up my shoulder, that I started to doubt my initial assessment of the situation. 

By this time, he (I assumed it was a he) was sitting neatly on my chest, staring at me with big doe eyes. His body was completely white, with what looked to be gold leaf on the spines running along his back, his horns, his claws, and the end of his distinguished tail. 

"Hello," I said, tentatively. "Are you real, or am I dreaming?" 

The dragon frowned at me, and seemed to splutter (sparks flying as he did so) before replying (to my very great surprise), "Of course I'm real! And I'm *really* hungry. May I have one of those biscuits?" He pointed his snout in the direction of my plate, piled high with custard creams and chocolate bourbons.

I assumed I was still dreaming, so I simply said "certainly you may," and offered him the plate. He munched and crunched until he was seemingly satisfied, and then he pitter-pattered down my torso until he was standing right above my belly button. 

"Well, now that my tummy is full," he began, pressing his head to my own tummy. "What?" I asked, giving him a quizzical look. "Shhh!" he hissed. 

Moments passed, and then the little dragon raised his elegant face to meet mine. 

"Did you know that there is a baby growing inside you?" 