He looked at the parchment and shook his head. No sense, no sense at all. Jonathan had been intrusted with a new device, a new... astrolabe, as the scientific gentlemen at the society had called it. It supposedly has the ability to plot it's own location in relation to the sun. With the calculations he had made so far, it would seem that he, Jonathan, and all society for that matter (for he must begin to think outside himself if science and mathematics were ever to take a foothold) were revolving on a “globe” at an incredibly slow rate of spin, almost exactly one thousand years. Why it took the sun a thousand years to travel around his world, he did not know, but the heavens were the realm of God and this, no man could understand. “Of God...” he thought. Or were they?
	But this was not the fact that caused the great confusion. 
	Jonathan Bruin thought to himself. “If we are rotating on a “Globe”, and due to the ancient rituals that insisted that all people must “Abandon the lands moving into the darkness and move toward the sun”, something his people had done since before recorded history as the land slowly slipped into the icy wastes,  then they must be on the edge of the world... the cusp. 
	This made no sense to him though. The historical and scientific societies had records of great monuments and stone works which had been built. Immense works which would, at least should, last a thousand years. If his science proved true, these great buildings, such as the pyramids and the great stone calendars of the north, should survive a single rotation. A thousand years is not that long, he thought to himself. 
	Doubt began to creep in. “But if we do live on a “globe”, why haven't any of the architectural wonders returned to us? Why have they not come out of the deep desert? It really doesn't make sense.”  

   “You will work and you will work Harder!” exclaimed the God-King Lepus, over his servants, as they slaved.
	He looked down upon his people. Thousands, tens of thousands... “It will never be done in time.” He said aloud, although as an aside to himself, as he was exasperated. 
	“My lord...” said Grand Deacon Ovis. “We are on schedule. The deconstruction will be done before the “task” slips into the light of heaven.” 
	“Why can I not see that?” asked the God-King to his most trusted servant. 
	Smiling humbly, “Because your eyes are infused with the workings of the heavenly dawn that all things pass into. The Great Wilderness, the Great Heat where all go when they die, my lord. We all understand the wisdom that has been set upon you from on high. Do we not see the way you look into the eternal light of dawn that comes at the end of all things? Do we not all hear your proclamations that everything that slowly rises from the cold and darkness to the west is of the Lord of Evil? We agree and we will serve... and we will join you in the holiness that is the Dawn.”
	Ovis continued. “These great tasks, these monuments..” 
	God-King Lupis focused an angry leer at his chief deacon at the word “monuments”. “Abominations”, my lord, will be taken apart and destroyed before they reach the light, for heaven will not accept what comes from the darkness.”  
	“Correct.” Said the God-King with a pious nod. “For does not the holy book say “Veil after veil of thin dusky gauze is lifted, and by degrees the forms and colors of things are restored to them, and we watch the dawn remaking the world in it's antique pattern.”
	“Yes, my Lord.” Said Ovis, bowing his head and touching his forehead and lips in the sacrament of the word. “In the book of Pictur of Doran Gray, by Oscar Wilee.” 
	“And who is the dawn?” 
	“You are, my lord.” said Ovis.
	“We all are.” Lupis smiled realizing that his servant, all his servants,  did understand the importance of their work. How all things destined for the realm of heaven must be pure and not from the abominable darkness of the west He knew then that his people, through their hard work and faith would earn their place in the bright and glorious dawn at the end of all things.
	“We are the world of the dawn, populated from before recorded time, by the one God who put us here with his holy book. Is there any part of this scripture that does not ring true?” Lupis smiled knowingly. 
	“Of course not, my liege. It has been proven again and again to be holy writ. We will remake the world into it's “antique patterns” and nothing created by the lords of darkness and evil shall pass into the light of heaven.”
	It was then that Lupis knew his kingdom was truly righteous in the eyes of the ancient God who had come upon their world, before time was recorded and created his world in six days and rested on the seventh. 
	He thought back, satisfied, to his first lesson from his father's greatest scholar. The ancient tale of their first deconstruction before it's passage into the heavenly dawn... God's own transport from the stars above, “Interstelloow One.” 
	“We are truly holy.” Thought Lupis.  
    