Camp Casey, 40 miles north of Seoul, January 1st, 2023

A bead of sweat trickled down Brigadier General Samuel Carver's cheek. He brushed it aside, anxiously trying not to display the fear climbing up his throat. "Focus, we are on the path to a new, global order" he tells himself over and over again, as if that will make what he had done any easier.

Operation New Day was hatched between the Western Powers of the United States, France, Germany, and England, with Viet Nam and China. After Xi Jinping was assassinated under mysterious circumstances, Russia restored it's borders to pre-WWII and beyond, allying themselves with Pakistan, Iran, and North Korea in the process. 

Alarmed by the territorial expansion, and realizing what Putin was about to do, an agreement was reached. Arguments were had, concessions were made, land was promised, but in the end, a de facto alliance was formed, with only one goal: stop the People's Worldwide Army from taking over the world. There was only one thing left to do.

Begin a land war on 4 fronts, covering the enemy with nukes, and storming the world.

Another bead traces it's way through Carver's skin. He checks the timer: 1 minute until impact. He had given the order: 50 Minuteman missles, trained on key installations and high-density areas, would kill over a half a million people, and 50,000 U.S. and South Korean infantry and armor units would storm through the DMZ.

A cellphone rings urgently in his pocket, startling him out of his stupor. He is suddenly overwhelmed by grief and remorse, knowing the call is a confirmation of retaliatory PWA missles. He picks it up without checking the caller, knowing it would just read, "secure".

"General, I've good news and bad news."

"...Good news first."

"PWA missle strikes have seen less than a thousand casualties worldwide."

"How is this possible?"

"Our field experts arent positive, but it appears every last missle they had was a dud."

"That's excellent! What's the bad news?"

"We're in a spot of bother, because neither did ours. Rusting in Cold War silos have decimated our ICBM capability. We have no confirmation of any casualties."

"Do we abort? The men advance as we speak!"

"Radio ahead and tell them what has happened. Improvise as we go on, we're in for the fight of our lives." 

His arm drops to his side, his mind whizzing. Barking orders to comm officers, he makes an order for all other officers to meet in the War Room. 

He whirls around, but like a flash of thunder, a horrific, terrifying idea hits him. He speeds towards the exit, each step praying harder that what he has thought is not true, and each step believing more and more that it was. 

He flaps the tent opening aside, and turns his gaze to the sky, scanning frantically, searching for a glint, and trail, anything, as his phone rings again. His fingers scramble to flip open the device as he continues searching the skies.

"General Carver-"

"That's Brigadier General Carver to you, son."

"Brigadier General, our anti-missle defenses have detected several foreign objects in the sky. We believe they are a retaliatory response to our strikes. We need you to get to your bunker right now sir."

But just then, Carver's eyes had alighted on his worst fear, the smoke trail of an ICBM. Several, actually. And ones trail was arcing sharper than the rest of them. 

His eyes widened, and he snapped the phone shut, scrambling for a Jeep, a horse, anything to get him to his bunker. It wouldn't have mattered even if he could get one. His last thought was, "North Korea never had any Cold War missles."