I shut and locked my apartment door behind me, panting, and slid to a seat on the hardwood floor. *What the fuck?*

278 times. 278 times at the age of twenty-one. I wondered if Mr. Anderson, my emissary, had noticed my heart pounding as I read the number from my Slip, the one-time Slip anyone is able to request on their 18th birthday, but something I paid no mind to until quite recently... My palms had shaken as the disappearing ink slowly faded, though that number was already tattooed on my mind. Mr. Anderson had looked me up and down then, with a furrowed brow, as terror ran down the length of my spine. Did he notice me trembling? Even if he had, he probably guessed I'd scored an 8 or 9, higher than normal but not necessarily impossible. Never mind. I knew what I had seen. I  had come close to death 278 times in my life, and no one else knew but me. Those were the rules... They made sense of course - if everyone knew you'd come close to death more than the 'normal' amount of times, someone was out to get you, and if that were the case, there must be a reason, right?

I wiped my blonde curls out of my eyes. Jogging home had left my hair in a mane around my face and a broken heel, not to mention the beads of sweat dripping down my face. I hadn't bothered telling my boss I wasn't coming back to work after lunch. This was *far* more important than writing sleazy relationship advice articles anyway. Work could wait. I ripped off my blazer and put my head in my hands. *This is a mistake. This is a mistake.* *This* must *be a mistake.*

I got up, slung my blazer over my shoulder and headed into my bedroom -  which had light grey walls with all white furniture. It was simple, with the only decorations being a small white cross next to my door, some candles around the room, and my huge bookshelf, filled to the brim with books of all colors and sizes. My bed - a queen-sized with the most plush, stark-white bedding you’ve ever seen - was my crowned jewel. It whispered sweet nothings to me as I walked past, but I ignored it. I unzipped my dress and let it fall to the floor. I hopped in the shower and let the water run over my body, trying to calm my nerves.

Soon, though, I was a crumpled mess. I sat down on the tile, letting the water run down my back and resting my head on my knees, as I slowly began to weep. I couldn't fathom how it was possible that I had come so close, so many times, without realizing it at all... *My luck will run out*.

A tap on the glass shower door bumped my number to 279 with the almost-heart-attack it gave me. I screamed and wiped the fog away, while simultaneously scooting to the far corner of the shower and waiting to die.

"Whoa, sorry, uh, sorry there! I won't hurt you!" called a voice I had never heard before. I was stunned as the mystery man, dressed in all white, went on.

"I, uh, I was told you got your slip today, eh?" \*nervous chuckle\* "well, uh, I don't mean to startle you -" he perched himself up on my bathroom counter, as he went on, "I honestly was hoping you'd never request your slip... Uh, but, um, I just wanted to say it's my fault."

At this point I dug my nails into my thigh, hoping I wouldn't feel pain. Wincing, I resolved I was certainly not dreaming. At this point, the fear turned to anger and I stood up and grabbed a towel, opening the shower door.

"Who the ***fuck*** are you?" I said, trying to sound tougher than I must've looked, mascara running down my face, blonde hair a wet mess, not to mention wrapped in a towel and in no condition to put up a fight.

"I'm sorry again, we're not usually allowed to do this..." he muttered to himself, "I guess this is probably why, eh?" \*another nervous chuckle\* "But, um... I'm Alan... I'm you're guardian angel, and uh, well, I, I never really passed my Final Test, but The Big Man let me slip through the cracks." I stood, dripping wet, and blinked. Alan went on.

"Most guardians are able to prevent near-death experiences before they get to the near-death point... but, uh, not me... but so far, I've been doing alright, right? I mean, you're here, right?" I looked around, to see if there was any chance I was being Punk'd. I decided to humor this obviously unstable man.

"So God just let you 'slip through the cracks,' huh?" I pressed, amused yet still wondering how I was going to get him out of my apartment.

"You know, he's uh - he's omnipotent, so he knows I became your guardian angel after failing my test, and uh, he also knew you were gonna have sex out of wedlock on your 18th birthday, uh, so... sorry, but uh, you win some, you lose some, I guess..." *Wait, what the fuck? How would he know that?*

"*Excuse me?"* I stammered, trying to make sense of everything. Alan twiddled his thumbs and looked at his feet, which hadn't stopped swinging since he'd hoisted himself on my counter.

"I just know you're really freakin' out after today, so uh, so I wanted to visit and tell you it was my fault... No one's trying to kill you or anything... well, actually once you almost got mugged, uh, but the guy changed his mind or something... I'm really not good at my job..." he looked at his naked wrist and jumped up. "Anyway, it was nice to finally meet you! I'll, uh, I'll try a little harder.. but, uh... don't take the subway anymore, alright? This is a give and take kind of relationship... Uh, bye!"

And he left, with every last piece of my sanity.