i've slept with my blankie under my arm for over thirty years. when he was first gifted to my mother, blankie was pristine white with a pattern of bright multi-coloured balloons, and a luxuriously soft satiny trim. after thirty years of snuggles, though, poor blankie was a little worse for wear. his trim was mostly gone, the balloons long faded, but i couldn't fall asleep without him if i tried. most mornings, after i'd woken up and made the bed, i'd give blankie a big hug and thank him for a good night's rest, giggle at my own arrested development, and then i'd roll him up into a little bun and ask him where he'd like to sit for the day. perhaps on the big bunny pillow or right in the middle of the whole shebang? blankie, being the strong silent type, had never responded before. this morning was different.  
in the interest of fairness, i had a good deal to drink the night before. it was the anniversary of a good friend's passing, i had the house all to myself, and there's a nazi in the white house; all good reasons to have a few extra beers. when i curled up with blankie that night, i couldn't help but let out a few tears. i felt sorry for myself, i felt useless, i was worried about the future, and Holy Hera how i missed my friend. blankie listened, that sweet silent little bundle, until i drifted off to sleep.  
  
i awoke with a start, not quite sure why. there hadn't been a noise or any prompting, i just sat bolt upright. i felt strangely for a few moments, then rubbed my eyes and went to begin my morning routine, when i realized blankie was not in the crook of my arm. i panicked and ripped apart the bedding, but he was nowhere to be seen. the panick got stronger and i, allowing reason to totally leave the situation, began to call his name. "blankie?! blaaaaaaaaaaaankiiiiiiiie??" while throwing pillows left and right.  
  
when i went quiet again, i heard the heavy padding of feet outside my room. something massive is coming down the hallway. all thoughts of blankie vanished and a line from a sylvia plath poem raced through my head: "there is a panther stalks me down..." my heart sank, my throat went dry. i was home alone, and i couldn't hide after making all that noise, so i figured my best bet was the baseball bat i keep under the bed; i grabbed it, and quickly moved behind the door, desperately trying to remember every fight scene i'd seen on Alias. "sara?"  

i hadn't expected that! i nearly dropped the bat and called "yes?" as a kneejerk response, but then thought better of both. i took a deep breath and kept quiet. "sara?" it was a calm, quiet call; almost apologetic. the door came closer to my face as something brushed against it, entering my room, and i swallowed hard. just peeking around the door, at about the height of my hip, was a massive tiger's head. giant golden eyes stared up at me. "sara?"  

i won't lie; i peed a little. not only was there a motherfucking tiger in my bedroom, but it seemed to be asking my name. how much had i drunk the night before? was this a record-breakingly bad hangover? do sylvia plath poems come true and dear god why?! a thousand stupid and useless questions ran through my mind, and i realized suddenly that the tiger was smiling at me. smiling? yes, the tiger was now actually chuckling, no, no, now it was full on laughing at me. "you should see the look on your face!" i was thoroughly unsure as to how to proceed; i felt like i was being pranked, but can one really be pranked by a tiger? i lowered the baseball bat, and i tried to find my voice. "whu...why...who...what's going on here?"  

the tiger flopped onto the floor and began to roll around on his back. taking this for the universal sign of "i'm not going to eat you right now", i relaxed my stance even more, and raised my voice just a bit. "i said, what is going on here?!" the tiger stopped rolling and moved to his side with such swiftness, i raised the bat again, like i could do anything to a dragonfly with it, much less a tiger. "no one told you?" the tiger asked, apologetically. "told me what?! what?! free tiger tuesdays?!?" the tiger laughed and began to clean his ears.  

"well i'm sorry no one told you. maybe they didn't know either. but you've done something very, very special. as a reward for loving and taking such good care of your comfort object for thirty years, i turned into your dream pet!"   
"what?"    
"oh dear, perhaps i'm not explaining it right. this is a pretty rare occasion. see, you had blankie, right?"  

it rushed back to my mind that i hadn't been able to find my special little guy this morning. i darted toward the bed to resume my search, but the tiger stopped me.   

"no, no, you won't find him there. you won't find him anywhere. i'm blankie."  

-----------------------
that's just off the top of my head; thanks for that, it was fun to write! man, i don't know shit about formatting and dialogue. good practice! have a super day everyone! 
