Dear reader,

I am about to die. These will be my final words. I must write this while my heart still beats, i must ensure that someone finds this so that the future can continue.

When i was a young man my mentor led me to a great hall near my village, it was a special place, one where young warriors of great potential would be presented with a weapon of great power, one that would help them fulfill their destiny.

I passed through the doors of the hall alone, my mentor had told me that he was not worthy of the honour and waited behind.

I wandered into the great hall wondering which weapon would choose me

I was by far the greatest warrior my village had ever produced. I had bested every oponent i ever faced and could outwit even the smartest foe. I was on my way to becomming a great general. I knew i was worthy of only the greatest weapon.

I passed excalibur and mjolnir, fine weapons indeed but weapons of royalty. Even though i knew i was worthy of such finely crafted items i also viewed them with a certain amount of disdain. These were the weapons of oppressors, people who ruled but didnt care much for the people they ruled. I wouldve been greatly disappointed had i been chosen by such a weapon.

Thankfully it was not meant to be. 

I passed many other finely crafted weapons, all adorned with rare metals and precious gems, each one more beautiful and fearsom than the last, but none called to me.

I had just about finished exploring the hall and was going to give up, perhaps i would not recieve my weapon, perhaps i was not destined to be a great general as i had thought. Then suddenly i heard my name being called. I followed the voice.

The mysterious voice led me past all the weapons, past the swords and hammers, the axes and bat'leths. It led me to a table situated at the end of the hall.

I looked upon the table and saw..... nothing!

No sabres, no daggers, not even a tiny little arrowhead.

All that was on the table was a feather, surely this feather wasnt the object calling me.

I picked it up and examined it, this is when i realised that this was no feather, it was a quill. A fine quill at that, but a quill nonetheless. I was not even sure what such an item was doing in this hall. It made no sense to me.

Then it spoke!

"The pen is mightier than the sword! With me by your side you will be one of the greatest military commanders in history. Your name will be known by all and you will be remembered for generations. Your work shall change the entire world and the course of the human race for years to come."

There was wisdom in the Quills words. I had always known that intelligence was an important factor in defeating a foe.

I took the pen and left the hall to begin my destiny.

If you have found this parchment you will likely notice that to the back of it is taped my quill. With this quill i forged a nation, with this quill i changed the course of human history, with this quill i fulfilled my destiny. 

I live this quill to you, dear reader, in the hopes that you will prove worthy of it and do something great with it, something for the betterment of mankind.

Please cherish it as i have.

Regards,
George Washington