Today seems darker than normal.  He thought as he looked out from the entry hallway. With what little light there was seemed to ripple. With trepidation he stepped out and closed the door to his home. He couldn’t really secure it as other people would be coming in and out later. Right now he had a job to do. He purposely kept his gaze pointed down at the ground and the spherical building he had just exited.

  
The day was tinted bluish green as he strode out before starting a patrol around the building. On the ground a little ways away he could see some flames and smoke rising. One of the sun rays had apparently focused on something combustible since his last patrol. He ran his rough hands through his short auburn hair. It would be up to the council to decide if they could spare the water to deal with that.

  
Unbidden he gazed upwards and shivered at the sight. A vast expanse of water rippled above him. They were in the middle of a drought, not because there wasn’t rain ready to fall, but because the rain did not land. His pace quickened as he forced his eyes back down to look at his home, one of the sanctuary structures. His was still being built. The support beams sticking up in places. The workers were on lunch at the moment. The front entrance was finished though, with the entrance sloping down from the entrance at a twenty degree angle.  When it was done, It should be sound enough to survive what every was worried about, the proposed great rain.

As the exterior patrol was finished He moved back to the entrance hallway and started towards the door. They could really use some water as their supply like the rest of the world’s seemed to only be shrinking as the ocean of rain just kept growing. If they could only get a little bit to help alleviate the drought then the only thing they would need to worry about would be having all of the water land.

As he was walking up the hall, his foot slipped on a pipe and he almost lost his balanced. He looked down in annoyance and his eyes narrowed, just before he said anything his eyes went wide. That was it, a solution that might help everyone living at a shelter and if it didn’t and everyone if it did. He moved, the council always rewards inventive ideas. And if a pipe could be connected to the ocean in the sky then they could get all the water they needed, and if it caused the ocean to finally rain down on them again, then the problem would be solved, though a lot of the people who did not live in a sanctuary would not make it. But If the council approved, then he was fine with it.