The shower went on, David was rummaging in the closet for a shirt that didn’t need too much ironing and a tie to go with it. He hoped Kim would finish her shower soon, so he could get one in too before he needed to leave for work. The shower went off. David came up with an old tie, maybe a little too narrow for fashion, but it would do with the pale blue dress shirt. She couldn’t be done already. That was like a five second shower, and it would be an amazing accomplishment.

The shower went on again, and he smiled to himself. What was she doing in there? He started to walk out of the closet when the water stopped again. There was Kim standing in the doorway of the bathroom just looking at him. Had she gotten her hair cut in the last few days? She looked… different. And she just stood there naked, looking at him.

He saw her naked every day, but something looked different. That new gym membership was really paying off now that he looked more closely. He was a little self-conscious with her watching him checking her out. He smiled at her. She smiled back.

“Dahfd. Ah, Dahvd. Nah, Dahvid. Hello.” She smiled widely at him, her eyes trailing down his body to his boxers. A look passed over her face then. Disappointment?

He knew he needed to lose a few pounds and he really should hit the gym too. Now that he really looked at her, Kim had somehow become hot without him noticing. Could four weeks in the gym really do that?

“Hi Kim, now get ready, we’re going to be late.” David shot her a mischievous smile. “Unless you want me to call in…” His boss would cut him some slack as long he wasn’t too late. He felt his excitement rise.

Kim looked a little confused, thinking, like she had no idea what he was talking about. Ah well, he had obviously read her intentions wrong. He turned away back to the closet.

“Dahvid. I.” Suddenly she came toward him and he barely had time to turn before she threw her arms around him in a tight hug. “Dahvid,” she spoke into his chest, “please, we haf to tahlk.”

He reluctantly released his hold on her. She really felt good in his arms, but she had said the words that told him there would be no morning interlude.

“What’s with the accent?”

“Ahccent? Dahvid, this will be, ah, will sound, ah, dumb, ah, but you haf to, ah, bahleev, believe me.”

He interrupted her, concerned now. “What’s wrong Kim? Are you having a stroke or something?” He kept his arms around her loosely in case she needed support, but really she didn’t seem weak at all.

“Nah, no I mean. David, please. I haf been gone.” The strange accent seemed to be lessening as she continued speaking with more confidence. “David, our shower is a portal gate to another, ah place. I have been away for a long time and hardly anyone there speaks English. David, you have to believe. I have been fighting for so long to be able to return to you.”

“What, Kim, seriously? What the hell? Come on we need to get to work.” David let go of her reluctantly. “Look, if you don’t want a shower, I’ll get going on mine.” He tried to walk past her, but she blocked him, her lean, naked body again brushing against his chest.

“No David. I’m never going to work again. I am going back. I want you to come with me. This other place is incredible. It’s like right out of a Tolkien book, and I’m like Galadriel there. I mean, I can do freakin’ magic! David, I’ve been fighting so long. SO. LONG. To find the things I needed to get back here for you. Come with me.”

“This is crazy Kim, and I really don’t have the time.” Or did she just want him to join her in the shower? It had been a while. What exactly did she mean by “magic”? He smiled at her again, but there was no playfulness in her eyes. She looked earnest.

“David, come with me. I am going now, and I want you to come with me. To rule by my side. Come with me now.” She took his hand and lead him into the bathroom. The shower door was open and it looked normal to him. He wasn’t as agile as he used to be, but he was happy to squeeze into the small shower space with his newly hot, naked wife.

She turned toward the shower knobs and David took the opportunity to reach around her and…
