Hello, and sorry for the interruption. It's your new Prime Minister speaking.

I won't keep you long, as the Roughriders game starts soon and I'm as keen as you to settle in with a Moosehead. Yes, even you Euro soccer fans. Don't you find this game starting to be strangely... compelling?

You may have also noticed a few changes going on, like your national flag now featuring a maple leaf, and your other sporting teams wearing masks and carrying crooked sticks where they didn't before. Your policemen are far better dressed too, all that snazzy red.

Have you also noticed you are a bit more relaxed, easy going, and resistant to cold, eh?

Don't be concerned. It's all part of the plan.

The Canadian Master Plan, to save humanity from itself. That's why I'm talking to you today.

Eight years ago, I kindly asked for a few volunteer Mounties to spread some, let's say, goodwill, across the world. Eight years later, our agents are everywhere, from the lowest community clubs to the highest levels of government. They have been working, non-stop, to put this master plan in place. We naturally regret any inconvenience or interruption this may have caused.

Here's why.

You guys suck.

Sorry to put it bluntly. 

You guys suck and were going to get us all killed.

We couldn't do anything to help other than set a good example, until our scientists struck upon the secret of why Canada *doesn't* suck.

You Americans had your chance to lead. You blew it, bigly. President Daniels offered her surrender to me personally not fifteen minutes ago, and also to pay for the construction of the Keystone XL Maple Syrup pipeline.

You Russians proved yourselves most untrustworthy. Vladimir Putin (or in the new  spelling, Poutine), has offered to go into exile to Winnipeg for a while to think long and hard about what he has done. This was a bit cruel, so we sent him to Siberia instead.

You British taught us well, but the student has now become the more polite master. Her Majesty the Queen has agreed to move Buckingham Palace brick by brick to Saskatoon, hopefully in time for her 100th birthday and her installation as World Governor-General.

You French - you're not getting Quebec. Quebec's getting you. You take your orders from Montreal now. 

You Chinese - how you've grown! You need to settle down a bit though. Open a Molson, grab some rocks and have a good long talk with your neighbours during a few ends. Best three ends gets to keep the South China islands.

As for the rest of the world, you will notice that any attempts at violence against your neighbours, or revolution, is now futile. You're welcome and encouraged to join the NDP if you're feeling miffed however 

In fact, you're feeling quite calm, composed, relaxed and neighbourly. Those Palestinian kids aren't too bad now, are they, Israelis? And Shi'ites, listen! Your Sunni friends are calling you to join in prayers. Why not invite them over to share a coffee or tea afterwards?

And you may notice, if you look very closely, the water you use to make that drink has a slight reddish tint.

As has all your other drinking and cleaning water; the rivers, lakes and reservoirs. Even bottled water and beer.

Don't fret. It's only just a little bit maple syrup. Not so you'd notice.

But it is the same genetically engineered maple syrup we used to ensure the loyalty of all those agents throughout the world who helped us seize control.

You see, our scientists discovered that maple syrup contains a psychoactive chemical called "trudein", but only Canadians had ever imbibed maple syrup in such heavy doses for it to be ever noticed. It made us polite, considerate and resilient.

Now, we have refined it, strengthened it, weaponised it, and released it.

We have a Strategic Maple Syrup Reserve, and we're not afraid to use it, to secure peace.

Sorry aboot that. 

Now, let's go Roughriders, and I hope both teams have a really fun time today!


