I placed the Big Mac in front of me. 

The bun was steamed to perfection, the lettuce crisply cut, and the beef in its centre looked plump with flavour. The best part about a Big Mac is the sauce, I licked my lips just thinking about it. 

“John Markeson, you can’t be serious.” 

I glanced up and then stifled a groan. I’d expected Maria to be home after seven, by which time I’d be over at Ken’s place having drinks with the boys. 

“You’re home?” I asked. 

Maria stomped to the end of the table and stared at my Big Mac with distaste. “And you’re fattening yourself up, again? I told you I can’t be married to an overweight lump.” 

She was overreacting of course. I was well within a healthy BMI, in fact, I was a couple below the recommended level for my height. I also ran every morning, having completed my first marathon last year, and lifted regularly. Maria, my wife, was just one of those women who liked to keep me motivated. 

It was okay, sometimes. 

Maria snatched the box with burger in her hand. “One turkey sandwich coming right up.”

I really did groan this time. All I could think about was the cardboard flavour of turkey with lettuce that tasted like dead grass between my teeth. 

The bin lid slammed shut like a final whistle.  

Maria opened the fridge door and the smell of turkey and greens filled the room.

I wanted to puke. 

-----
“Markerson Jawn, pick that up rite naow,” Tim said. 

Ken and the rest of the boys spilt their beer as they laughed. 

I chuckled along, but each jive was eating me from the inside out. The first few were funny, but my relationship with Maria had been the conversation for most of the night now, like usual. 

“Who’s interested in beer pong?” I asked. 

Lenny smirked. “You sure you allowed?” 

They all burst out laughing again. 

I sighed and sat there sipping my beer with a smug look on my mug. It wouldn’t be so bad if they weren’t a little bit right. But they didn’t get the bigger picture; I let Maria act like that because it helped me. If I didn’t have someone telling me what to do I’d probably go off the rails. 

*Funny, that sounded a lot like something she would say.* 

“John. . .” Ken said. 

I looked up from behind my beer. 

“You know we’re joking around, man. We just think you can do better, that’s all.” 

I nodded. “You’ve got my best interests at heart. Trust me, I can act how I want around Maria. I just choose to let her have her way.” 

Ken shared a look with the other guys. “Yeah, we know that man.” 

But I knew he was lying. And maybe he was right, just a little bit. 

“Look, John, I’m going to be straight up. You sure you aren’t afraid of her, man?” Tim asked. 

I skulled back the last of my beer and placed the bottle on the table. “Thanks for the night, fella’s.” 

And then I left. 

-------
“You’re late.” 

That’s what I heard when I opened the door. Maria sat on the couch in the dark, with her night robe on, and her brow furrowed with anger. 

I deflated as usual and got ready to apologise. But then the words of the boy’s came back to me. *You’re afraid. . .*

And for the first time, I wondered if that were really true. 

“So? What’s your excuse this time?” Maria said. 

I walked past her and straight to the fridge. By the way, in which her eyebrows went up, she was surprised I’d ignored her. But I had to know the truth. Maybe I had been acting a certain way out of fear, thinking it was love. I wanted to be a good husband, that’s all. But I might have become less than a man in the process. 

“You know my rules, John. Eating after drinking beer adds fat straight to the gut,” Maria said. 

The fridge was empty, well besides a carton of milk and tub of butter. But neither of those was appetising. My mind travelled to what I’d been craving earlier: a scrumptious Big Mac burger. 

I went for my keys on the table. Maria grabbed them first and shoved them into her robe pocket. “You’ve been drinking, John.” 

“Give me the keys,” I said. 

“You need to lie down and rest,” Maria replied. 

The thought of that juicy beef thudded its way into my brain. I just wanted a Big Mac and then I’d go the hell to rest. Why was she being so difficult?

“I need something to eat, I’m hungry.” 

Maria huffed. “Not a chance, I already explained this to you. You need-”

My mind blocked out her ramblings and was instead filled with a marvellous idea. I walked to the bin, grabbed the bun, lettuce, and Big Mac patty she’d thrown away earlier. Then dusted them off, put them back together and sat at the table. 

“You wouldn’t. . .” Maria’s mouth hung open in disgust. 

I placed the Big Mac in front of me.

And let me tell you something, the first bite was absolutely delicious. 

----

*/r/f0xdiary*