As I stood in the eerie run down library I began to question why Mrs. Inkleworth was taking so long, I mean it was only a prank request.. there was no way she was actually trying to find it right? As an awkward teenager, I didn't quite know what to do with myself, when 5 minutes passed I was about to give up and call out for her to stop looking, when suddenly an aggressive THUMP, coming from the resource room, penetrated the silence.

"Uh... Hello?" I scarcely whimpered out towards the aged wooden door. No movement was coming from inside, so I took a few steps towards it, the door flung open with power, smashing into the computer desk, sending me flying backwards. A book darted past me and slammed into the back wall of the room, letting off a trembling shake. Distracted by the book, I didn't realize a shadowed figure had placed itself in between the main room and the resource room, blocking any light from entering behind the door. I turned around, noticing what I thought to be my last. This resulted in me screaming like a school girl, which was responded to with a familiar laughter. Mrs. Inkleworth stepped forward, "Ever thought about auditioning to the school choir? You've got quite the set of lungs on you, boy." Embarrassed, I stood up, brushing off all the specs of dirt that had accumulated on my school clothing. 

"So.. uh.. Mrs. Inkleworth.. you um, you found it?" I peered over to the book, letting off a slight smoke from the floor, "I.. I don't know what to say" I stood, shaking my head, and the rest of my body, still in a state of shock. 
"Oh yes, I never fail a book request", her worn, cackling voice letting out a feint raspy chuckle, presumably from the decades spent smoking just outside the emergency exit, "Due in 3 weeks." I looked back over towards her, gave a half smile and started slowly walking towards the book, approaching it as if it were actually alive.. maybe it was? Oh god. Please, please no. Don't be anything more than just some trippy paper scribbled on by some cracked up author.

As I got closer, this feeling of helplessness entered my body, my muscles seized up, my pupils dilated and my pulse grew fast, I could see the sweat forming. What is this thing? Why did I do this? So many questions running through my head, but all of them answered with "Kai, you're a damn fool."
I stood overhead the book, looking down at the darkness it was emitting, the smell.. was like nothing I'd ever experienced before, and I've experienced aunt Marilyn's egg and tuna sandwiches. Yikes.

I reached down, my body forcefully resisting, but I pushed through, my hand made contact and this sensation entered my body, a state of euphoria. The feel was amazing, like everything I loved had formed into something and I was experiencing it. It lasted about 10 seconds, but then the feel was attacked, stabbed, clawed, bitten.. what followed was this feel of pure power, like everything the universe had to offer in the form of knowledge had placed itself inside me, my eyes blurred and turned to black, I closed them and hoped it was the smoke, a few seconds later I opened them and the world was sharp, crisp. I could see existence in its entirety. 

My eyes fixed on Mrs. Inkleworth, completely unaware of what was happening, the old bat. She was in my peripheral, the darkness around the library suddenly became light, all the candles were awoken and the flames were roaring. This she noticed. After scanning around her a thoughtful look formed on her face, followed by the look of horror, her head slowly turning towards me, realization in her eyes. She tried to speak, but her voice was weak, stolen. She finally mustered up a sentence.. "no.. I've awoken him.."

My body stepped towards her, catching me by surprise. I didn't do that. My arm started rising and my mouth spoke a chant, dark crystals emerging from my hand. Mrs. Inkleworth must have recognized what was going on, as she rapidly spit out another chant and was engulfed in a flash and vanished.

My mouth begin to open, my tongue slowly sliding across my lips. I liked it. No, he liked it. I whispered to myself, "the hunt is on, Denara.."


edit(s): Fixed formatting, improved story.