The mail came today.

I heard the mail-valkyrie flutter off, quicker than she came, body likely overcharged with adrenaline. No one liked to deliver mail to me. I couldn’t blame them. No one likes to face the absolute.

It was that time again, wasn’t it? My *favorite* time of year, as the mortals all curse behind my back and the younger gods jest, led by Loki. And they ask why I despise going outside and why I’m always so pale.

That was okay. No one likes to face the absolute. I put on my best black suit and opened my door. I have to keep my appearances, after all.

“Greetings, sir. I apologize for not bringing a gift as courtesy.”

The voice, I admit, startled me. A voice so calm, so knowing. The face of a boy, obviously in his teens, wearing simple clothes, and blue eyes staring piercingly into mine.

And he was holding my mail.

“You’re too young to be my mailboy.” I told him.

“Have you ever known age?” he asked. I smiled at him. Some would say my smile was villainous, some creepy, some just plain too smug for my stupid face.

“How did you even end up here?” I asked. No mortal ever ended up on my door unless they were on the border between life and death — and they didn’t worship any god in particular. Normally they’d go through bureaucracy and I’d end up with a paper that said ‘Oh, please spare this person!’ On the daily I annoyingly receive about five hundred of these per day, so I push half of them into the ‘yes’ pile and another half into the ‘no’ pile. Call me cruel, but the gods annoy me.

“I injected my heart with adenosine and lignocaine and put myself on life support,” the boy replied. So, crazy enough to render himself dead enough to end up here. I now expected an angry message from Hermes in that box. Ugh.

“Before I take you off my door, I want to tell you two things, mortal.” I told him. “First: No one likes facing the absolute. Second: No one should be crazy enough to do what you’re doing.”

I opened my door fully for him to come in, gesturing for him to take off his shoes. He respectfully did so.

“It’s nice in here.” he observed. Not many people got to see the inside of my house, so I mostly decorate it for my enjoyment. And so to anyone stepping in, it must feel like a time capsule in every room. The foyer was decorated like an Egyptian palace, the living room and backyard like a Roman villa, the bedrooms like a rustic cottage, and the kitchen an Eastern palace.

“You were certainly raised well,” I told the boy as we sat down on the couches. “Something to drink?”

“Tea. Preferably jasmine.” he replied, his words cutting through the air. Was he a god in disguise? No, he didn’t have the presence. A demigod? No, he was mortal, through and through.

I poured us two cups of tea and set it in front of us on the table, a small pile of biscuits and candies. “I hope you’re okay with no creamer and sugar,” I told him.

“Cream and sugar would spoil the genuine taste of the tea.” he replied, as he took a sip while it was burning hot.

“So who are you?” I asked. “No one comes knocking on my door. No one who isn’t a fool, at least.”

“A bastard prince. Illegitimate son to the throne. I hate the awful state of my idiot father’s kingdom and I hate how the best way he could think of choosing a strong heir was to make this ridiculous death game. And I hate how the gods never seem to care. Except for you, that is,” he started explaining, staring me in the eyes again, the blue having no shine or sparkle to them like a normal child would.

“I want to repair the world.” he finished.

Ambitious. Wise. Cunning. Angry. Very good traits, very good. “And I suppose that hatred and ambition is why you came to me instead of another god,” I asked. “Because I’m frustrated at the other gods, just like you.”

“Correct.” The boy put down the now-empty teacup. “They smear your name, they tell mortals to fear you, mock you...”

“You assume us to be equals.” I interrupted.

“Also correct.” At least he was honest. “Your tea will get cold, by the way.”

Quite the child. “I can brew myself cups of it any time. You intrigue me more than the tea does.” I tell him.

“Thank you.” he replied. A slight smile on his face? It disappeared as quickly as it came. “I suppose this is where I ask for your patronage. If the king wants to make this a game, then I will make it into a game, where once again all my brothers and all my sisters have their hands against me.”

“What do you plan on doing after you win?” I ask the boy. An important question.

“Go and rule. Show the kingdom how a proper king rules. Bring it to prosperity and defeat the nations that are currently at our gates.” the boy states. “I know you despise all the gods and how senseless they all are.”

For once, I laughed. I stretched my hand out.

“Deal, kid.” I told him. “I will support you in this game of death, and in your future campaigns. Now, never do this again.”

The boy woke up, tubes and needles attached all over his body. He ripped them out one by one, shaking off the groggy feeling of near-death. On the table before him was a present. My present.

A pair of toys, almost. Two simple little cube with a little button that was simple and satisfying to toy with. One white cube with a blue button, one black cube with a red button.

The boy walked out onto the field of princes. Before them was all the nation, watching the spectacle of heirs and gods. As the announcer droned on and on with each heir coming up to the stage, clothed in godly valor and armed with spectacular weapons, the boy walked up the steps, awaiting his turn.

I do not remember his name. I don’t believe he needed one. He simply stepped up to the stage, his little box in hand. His voice resounded across the arena.

“I am the bastard prince. This kingdom has gone corrupt for too long, and today on the game of death I challenge you all, all my vile brothers and sisters, to kill me,” he spoke. “Do your best, for today you will learn that neither gods nor kings matter. Only mankind and the absolute matters.”

The crowd laughed. The gods laughed. I laughed, but for a different reason. Oh, what a mortal. The greatest of them all, I believed. His form was small, but his spirit was overwhelming.

There it was again. Another flash of a smile. And then it was gone.

The horn sounded the beginning of the game, each contestant finding a location where they would begin the slaughter. The boy only stood in the center podium, all the cameras in the world trained on him.

The horn sounded again, signaling the start of the game. The ones who embodied war and valor charged. The ones who embodied discretion lay in wait, hoping to pick up scraps. The ones who embodied other things simply fortified.

And my child, my greatest creation, the mortal I was proud of the most, simply stayed where he was, playing with a stone. Pegasi and gryphons bore down upon him, and yet he stayed, playing with the pebble. He threw it in the air, caught it on the back of his hand. Up, and on the back of his hand. And up, and on his hand again. Then, he took out the first cube, the white one.

He pressed the button right before the arrow struck. It embedded into his head, boring clean through to the other side. And yet, the hole was not there. Swords and spears struck him again and again, and yet none seemed to do any damage. Blood was on the ends of them, yes, but the boy lived.

The mortals gasped in awe at the display of his — my — power as his brothers and sisters tired themselves out trying to kill him. Eventually, after a few hours of onslaught, they all fell to the floor, their mounts and themselves gasping for breath.

“Are you done?” he asked. One of his brothers reached for a dagger, but he stepped on the hand. The man screamed in pain as the boy twisted his heel into the prince’s wrist.

“You were always the worst.” he spat. I cackled in glee. Finally, it was about time our power shined. May the world once again respect the power the absolute held over their silly, fleeting lives.

“Athena, Thoth, Odin, and the other gods. Try to guess my patron’s name.” he challenged. “I dare you.”

I felt the muttering of each god. Gaia?  An old god, forgotten by time? No, no, no.

Athena’s genius suddenly shone through, her annoying, aloof genius. “It’s Death!” she screamed. “Run! This game was over before it start-“

“We prefer the absolute. The beginning and end of all things.”

The boy held up the black cube, and pressed the button. The last thing they all saw was a wide smile on his face.

On that day, the end of an era was proclaimed. There were no more gods, or kings. Only a very cunning, very shrewd bastard boy, the absolute, and the fealty of a nation.