It’s Tuesday, 7:30PM, Gerald is at the Billingham village hall attending his local AA meeting.

Gerald has never had an addiction to alcohol, yet amongst the smell of stale smoke he sits listening to the sorrows of others as he sips his acrid black coffee. 


It’s not that he has no friends, quite the opposite. Gerald has always struggled empathy, in that he has none. He is not a sociopath, he is simply incapable of feigning sadness for others pain. Ruby, his most recent love, left just last month after she told Gerald her parents died in a horrific car crash… to which he replied, “oh no, were they not wearing their seatbelts?”. It’s not that he doesn’t care, he just doesn’t quite get the whole emotional support thing.


After Gerald’s most recent break-up, which was truly upsetting, he decided to do something about it, or at least learn to fake it better. So here we are, it’s 7:47PM now, and Gerald is learning to pretend to care.


“So does anyone have anything they’d like to share?” asked Julie, the AA co-ordinator, who had obviously not volunteered for this role generously bestowed unto her by the council. Peter stands up. Gerald hates Peter. He reminds him of a bully he used to have at school… he also tells the same story of how he lost his family through alcohol abuse, which Gerald finds incredibly tedious, it is much harder to pretend to care if the material isn’t fresh. 


Just as Peter begins to speak he is rudely interrupted by a militia platoon who storm into the room and surround the group. This is the most exciting AA meeting Gerald has been too yet. A very large man, assumably the leader of the intruders walks into the middle of the meeting's circle, making eye contact with all the attendees. “Who is…” he looks at his clipboard “Julie Penningworth?” asks the militant. Julie, who has really drawn the short straw when the council was handing out jobs for the week, reluctantly puts her hand in the air. “Julie, it has come to our attention that you have a Gerald Trooper attending these classes, is he here?”. Julie smiles un-controllably through relief that the attention is not on her, and gestures to Gerald. “Are you Gerald Trooper, owner of the star Z-5189?” “I don’t know…am I?” Gerald answers honestly. The militant giant prods at his clipboard as he says “It says here you were gifted the star a year ago by Ruby Leigh, it was presented to you via a certificate, with the personal message ‘to my Honeybear, you mean the world to me but I can afford is a star xoxo’ ”.

Peter's smirk quickly dissipates as he was glared at by the militant with a clipboard. “Are you this Gerald Trooper?” “Yes. Yes I am” Gerald admits. “As the owner of star Z-5189, you have been given the responsibility of leading its population, the recently discovered alien race who have entitled themselves the "Grapes”. The militant man leans in to speak to Gerald’s ear “They haven’t quite grasped the English language yet”. “You have to come with me, by acknowledging your rule over the Grapes, this is a dictatorship which is in direct violation of hundreds laws across the UK and Earth itself. Therefore, you have lost all citizenry permits, and have to report to your nearest diplomatic establishment, until your deportation to your home planet.



*This is my first WP. I am a filmmaker who wants to be a better writer so am using WP as a fun exercise. Saying that criticism is 100% welcome


