What the hell? I really don't need this kind of attention right now. This can't be. Is this a joke? Perhaps this is just the most ironic of all mistakes? But the timing.. the timing can't be a mistake.  It's my 21st birthday.  Does someone know?  How could they?  I need to get out of here. Does this woman know? She can't know, right?  I've been so.... 

"Sir! Sir, are you alright?" she quipped, snapping me out of my panicked thought.

"I. I think so.  There's some kind of mistake.  This key must've been sent to the wrong person."

"I've never seen anything like this. [pause] This... isn't yours?"  
Her uneasiness told me that she knew something wasn't quite right. 

"No.  Definitely not."
 I needed to get out of there.  I turn around to walk out...

"Bradley Silverman?" She asks then pauses. 

I stop walking and turn around.  I'm unsure of what to say.

"The name in our records show that Bradley Silverman opened the account two weeks ago. Are you ~the~ Bradley Silverman?" 

I start to walk back, looking at the massive steel room completely filled with perfectly aligned piles of nickels as far back as I can see.  Their gleam creating a glare from the fluorescent lighting. A few nickels are scattered at the base of the first row.  I pick one up and start to play with it in my finger tips it as I gaze upon the small fortune. 

"and wait..there's a note here, too"  She's flicking through a thin stack of papers on a clipboard.  She pulls out a slightly crinkled piece of binder paper and goes to hand it to me. 

"You read it." I tell. Continuing to stare at the piles in front of me.. and still, fiddling with the single nickel in my hand. 

'Greetings from your past.  In 2006, you said if you had a nickel for every time you've killed, you'd be rich. Well, everyone already knows that you are rich but now the world will know just how many you've killed. Payback old friend, payback." 

Her voice struggles to finish her words as she reads the last part.

"Signed 'JD'" she finishes.

"Mr. Silverman?  Maybe I shouldn't be here.  I think I should go get my manager to help you out with this." She's shaking. 

I do remember that year, it'd be a hard one to forget. A week before my 12th birthday, the police showed up at our home and took my father away. They said my Mother had accused him of beating her.  He would never do such a thing and if he had.. well if he had, she probably deserved it.  What kind of woman would take away a child's father? Some said she did it to get full control of the family money.  My Father was a great man.  What kind of bitch would do such a thing? A few days later on my birthday, we were notified that my Dad was killed in prison.  My Mom never shed a tear.  Fuck her. 

"Mr. Silverman?"

"No. It's fine. Stay here." I request

"Mr. Silverman, I..."

"What were the initials?" I interrupt.  

She looks down at the ground and then up to my hand.  Watching me slowly twirl the nickel between fingers. There is sweat on her brow and she's clenching the clipboard.  She glances down at the note, again. 

"JD, Sir"

This fucker.  I know who this is.  James Deegan. James was a close friend but his parents were an odd bunch and James himself was an outspoken vegan.  He would always lambast kids at school who ate meat, wore leather sneakers or drank chocolate milk.  It always pissed me off but never enough to say anything. I even went as far as to not eat meat around him just to avoid confrontation.   

After hearing my Father was killed on my birthday, I ran away. I was missing for 4 days before I randomly showed up to the school cafeteria during lunch.  Covered in dirt, clothes torn, a significant gash in my shoulder and dried blood every where.  I had run away and I was starving.  I grabbed chicken from the food line and started going to town.  James approached me and started going off on how cruel I am to animals, how killing them is the same as killing a human, how I was a selfish person and then he called me a murderer.  I snapped.  I pummeled James in the face and he fell to the ground, blood rolling down his lip.  I got on top, beating and beating him until friends pulled me off.  As I stood up, I pulled a nickel out of my dirty, bloody pants pocket and held it out in front of me - "I like the way animals taste. Im happy they are killed to be eaten by me.  If I had a nickel for every time I killed something, I'd be rich".  I’ve never told anybody where I was those days and as for James, his parents pulled him from school and no one ever heard from him again. I still have that nickel in a jar. 

"Yeah, I know who JD is. Some kid I got in a fight with 9 years ago."

"Why would he give you all these nickels then, Mr Silverman?"

"I have no idea but I'm sure we'll find out soon.  Please lock up the vault.  I'll...."

At that point, reporters rushed in being frantically chased by an overweight bank manager.

"I'm sorry Mr. Silverman, I tried to stop them" the huffing and puffing man said 

The reporters are snapping photos of the cathedral full of nickels.  As they snap, I notice a group marching toward me, with a PETA banner being carried by 5 of them.  

"Mr. Silverman, why is PETA targeting you?" a reporter asks, shoving his microphone in my face.  

At that moment, I see James Deegan emerge from the crowd of people.  He walks up in front of the cameras. 

"Every year, billions of animals are killed for selfish humans.  The food you eat, the clothes you wear and the oil sucking, environment killing cars you drive.  They come all at the expense of millions of innocent souls, every year.  In fact, the average human is responsible for 11 millions animals deaths by the time they are 21.  And this folks, is Mr. Silverman. Philanthropist and animal murderer.  Every nickel in this room represents an animal killed by Mr Silverman and his selfish ways. It's hard to grasp just how many innocent lives 11 million is but.. [Jame's talk to media fades to my internal monologue]"

PR move.  It's a fucking PR move.  James must've run off and joined PETA and their newest campaign needs a face to make a point.  This is his payback for me from 9 fucking years ago.  You've got to be kidding me. No one knows the irony of this all. I thought someone had actually connected me to the..... 

"Mr Silverman!!! How do you respond to PETAs accusations that today, on your 21st birthday, are now responsible for the deaths of 11 million animals?"

"Mr Silverman, what will you do with this money?"

I take a breath.. "How do they know it wasn't 10 million or 12 million.  I mean, I eat a lot of hamburgers." I quip. 

Reporters chuckle

"This is obviously just a strategy to promote an organization's message at the expense of a completely innocent citizen.  My organization will look into the claims of mismanagement and suffering of animals. No one wants that.  As for the money, we'll be donating it.  If PETA wants it, they can have it.  Otherwise, we're going to reach out to Sarah McLaughlin to see if she'll do another ASPCA commercial with it. PETA can choose whether it goes to help their cause or prevents the killing of millions of innocent pound animals every year - which I might remind, isn't for food.  No further comments."

I push my way through the crowd. Finally, I reach my car.  

"Francis, take me home. Let the staff know I don't want any phone calls, if any reporters come we have no comment and don't let anyone onto the grounds tonight"


--- Part 2 below












