"So this is Hell?" I asked, obviously unimpressed.

"Yep," Silas told me as he led me down a hallway.

"You made it out to seem like it was much worse," I said, stopping to peek into an office.  There was a seven foot tall demon behind an older looking computer, looking bored, while a woman sat nearby working on hers.

"Oh dear," the demon turned to her and said, "It seems lunch has been turned into a working lunch.  We have a meeting with the CEO."

I saw her cringe a little and we walked on.  Silas didn't seem to be paying me much attention.  Let's get this straight.  I was six when Silas popped into my room by accident and since then he became my best friend.  The things he did for me in those twenty-five years since has been amazing.  My parents were absent most of the time and he took it upon himself to raise me, changing forms to attend parent/teacher conferences.  Hell, pardon the wordplay, he even taught me how to drive!

"This place looks like an office," I said as we stopped near a corner, "How is this Hell?"

"Well, this is the very epitome of Hell for a lot of people," Silas told me, his brown eyes sparkling in glee at the thought, "There are other parts of Hell, trust me, I just need your help here."

"Ok, what do you need help with?" I asked, feeling a genuine sense of curiosity.

"Well," he started then stopped and actually looked embarrassed, "You see... you're a woman.  I need advice..."

"Advice on?" I suddenly found myself feeling upset.  I kept my face as neutral as possible.

"There's this demon," he told me, "She plays the part of a CEO in this division of Hell.  Well, I have a crush on her but I don't know what to say."

"Oh," I said and it hung in the air like a winter storm for just a second.  His eyes shot up and I knew he felt it too, "What do you know about her?" I asked before he could ask the question that was building.

"She's good at her job," he said.  I waited.  

"And?" I asked.

"That's it," then he added, "She's very pretty too.  Well, her human form is gorgeous.  I don't know what she looks like as a demon though as she rarely drops her role."

"I see," I said, smiling.  He had done so much for me.  I wanted to see him happy yet my heart felt like it was breaking.  I mean, what was I expecting?  I was human and he was a denizen of Hell, "That's really not much.  What does she do for fun?  Oh wait, never mind. What does she do when she's not working?"

"She's never not working," he told me honestly, "This is why this is so hard."

"Can we observe her working?" I asked and he smiled.  He pointed at a door and I could hear a female leading a meeting on the annual sales report figures.  I peeked through the glass and saw about ten bored people trying to get the wifi to work on their phones and laptops with no success.  Instead they were forced to listen to... then I saw her.

"Silas," I asked him, my mind reeling, "Is this supposed to be a joke?"

"Mar," he told me, calling me by my nickname, "I really am bad with women.  If this offends you, I apologize."

"She looks just like me," I told him and raised an eyebrow, "You said she was gorgeous."

"She is," he said, then paused for a magical second and added, "You are."

"Silas," I said thinking loud, not wanting to misread the situation, "What is this?  I'm confused."

"Her name is Lara, she's a friend," he said, looking at the CEO who was smiling at us for a second, then continued her boring lecture, "I asked her to take your form, just for the day.  Just to..."

"To tell me you think I'm beautiful?" I said with a laugh, "You could have just told me you know."

"Mar," he said in a way only a knuckle-headed demon could, "I think you're beautiful.  When you turned twenty-one and chose to enter medical school instead of the myriad other opportunities I offered I was skeptical.  Then when you opened the free clinic, making just barely enough to pay off your student loans I started falling for you.  It's really the first time I'd met a genuinely good person.  I'd always suspected you were."

"Don't you prefer your own kind?" I asked him and he flinched.

"You are my own kind," Silas told me, his smile was charming as always, "I don't expect this to go anywhere.  You're a human and I'm... well, not.  I like to believe that something brought us together."

"Silas," I said and stepped closer, "If this is some kind of demonic trick I will punch you in the nose.  I think I know it's not though, you've always been honest with me. Brutally honest sometimes."

"What are you saying?" he said and I saw he was shaking with nervousness.

"I'm saying," I replied, taking his hand, "Let's see where this goes."