“You’re not allowed to die, okay?” She makes you promise, tears still flowing down her face. That was 200 years ago now. You don’t know what she did but your promise still holds strong.

_____

… ”You’re not allowed to die, okay?”  She makes you promise, tears flowing down her flawless face.

Pain and sadness etch themselves indelibly into her porcelain features.  Talzaa gasps and her once fearless face forges itself into a mask of agony.  There was nothing I could do.  How does a mortal save a deity?  How does a mere mortal make everything alright again?  The answer is simple.  A mortal can’t fix this.  A mortal can’t help her.  I can’t help her.  Talzaa will soon be dead.  My love, my life, will soon be nothing more than a memory.  She groans and gasps and, what’s left of her body, shudders.  I weep.

Her last words to me, spoken through clenched teeth, are “You’re not allowed to die”.   Talzaa reaches out her right, trembling, hand and places it against my cheek.   I feel pain lance through me, but it’s not mine.  I know this somehow.  I KNOW it’s not my pain.  It’s hers.  My body quakes and my guts twist, but still she holds my cheek in her right hand.  Our gazes lock together.  Warmth spreads through me, like walking from shadow into sunlight on a cold winter’s day.  I feel the heat wrap me up.  The pain subsides against the heat streaming into me from her palm.  Talzaa’s gaze fades and her eyes close.  Her hand drops away from my cheek.  The pain is gone, yet the heat is still there.  The feeling of her palm against my tear-stained face remains.

“You’re not allowed to die.”  The words ring within my head, like a bell struck by Thor’s hammer.  I hear them resounding over and over.  “…not allowed to die.”  What does that mean?  In the now, I don’t know.  In the present, here, at her side, I have no idea.

... time marches ...

It’s been 246 years since Talzaa died.  It’s been 245 years since I set out on a quest to find her killer.  It’s been 244 years since I discovered a name to go with the face of her tormentor, abuser, and ultimately her destroyer.  Kal’Djinn’Haa.  I hate him.  I loathe him with every molecule I possess.  Kal’Djinn’Haa.  The name means King Haa, of the Djinn.  A powerful being to be certain, and I’m going to kill him.  My entire life, since the death of my love, has been preparing for the day when I find him.  Kal’Djinn’Haa.  I’m going to rip his heart out, and eat it.  I’m going to imprison him, and make him watch as I do it over-and-over-and-over.  Kal’Djinn’Haa,  fuck you.

I’ve learned many of the Djinn’s secrets now.  I’ve learned their language.  I’ve learned how to wield their power.  I’ve learned how to invest power into an object, and create a prison.  I’ve learned how to defeat a Djinn.  I’ve learned that I cannot die.  Ever.  What I haven’t learned is the frustrating part.  Where the fuck is he?!  I’ve scoured the earth for Djinn-sign.  I’ve cast bones.  I’ve scribed runes.  I’ve looked to the heavens and summoned angels and demons.  I’m no closer to Kal’Djinn’Haa now than I was 246 years ago.  I’ve learned so much, and yet so little.  I will find him though.  I will find him and make him pay for what he’s done.  I *will* find him!

My quest is set.  My days are not numbered.  I will venture forth and acquire that which I seek.  Kal’Djinn’Haa.  Talzaa, I miss you; eternally.  I reach up and touch the warm spot on my left cheek.  I fondly finger the imprint that her palm left; remembering.  Talzaa...