There I sat tapping the steering wheel. Cars slowly passed by rubbernecking me, nosey prick was a label I threw out with every eyes that met mine. I don't think I was speeding. My brake lights all work just fine. Maybe they knew something. An ocean of thoughts crashed through my mind as the officer slowly approached my car from the back. I stopped tapping my fingers, my eyes dart to the pizza bag, hope it stays warm.  

The cop tapped on the glass, I rolled the window down using the crank; old car, shitty times. "License and registration." The officer said with routine.

"Was I speeding?" I nervously questioned.


"No. License and registration."

I reached to the cup holder, got my wallet from where I kept it next to my pack of smokes and green lighter. Took out my license, then immediately dug into my glove box for the registration. Soon as I found it, they were in the cop's hands. His partner crept to my car, creeping through the glass with his searchlight.


"Where are you coming from?" Asked the officer as he scanned my I.D.


"Juan's Pizzaria." I was nervous. Do they know? "I make deliveries for them. Pizza deliveries. I'm running late."

The second cop pointed his light on the pizza bag. They must've shared a strange look or something because the next thing I know is both cops reached for my door handles. "Get out of the vehicle." the first cop demanded. I unbuckled my seat belt and nervously I complied. I really hope this is over an unpaid ticket. The officer grabbed me by the arm pulling me out then he slammed me against my car with his nose almost kissing mine. "What kind of pizza? Don't lie."


I looked at them both before answering, "Cheese pizza."


"With or without the crust?" The second cop asked.

"I can't remember." My voice was cracking. They know. They must.

"Check it." The first cop ordered the second without breaking eye contact. I knew this is my chance. Now or never. There's no way I can do jail time for this nonsense. I wasn't the bad guy, just the guy hired to do a job. I don't ask questions. But they always gave me answers, "If you get stopped, just run," Running was all the answers they gave. Of course I knew my bosses had no problem with me running, but I don't know who the other person is I make the delivery to. They could be anyone. They could be killers. Jail wasn't so bad compared to an angry mafioso or a crazy guy from the cartel, but than again I was never intent on sleeping with one eye open next to a skinhead named Big Rick. Some nicknames I don't want to know the origin of.

The second cop leaned into the car. He unzipped the bag, "Holy shit." The first cop took his eyes off me and that's when I kneed him straight in the gonads. Down he fell like a rotten red wood, gasping in pain. I ran as far and as fast as I could while the other cop screamed for me to stop. I heard footsteps chasing me from behind. I ran and ran, and jumped over six fences before the footsteps stopped echoing behind me. I'm not scared to go back and tell them I lost the delivery, I'd be punished and in debt, maybe beaten up a little, who cares. Running is what they always told me. I'm scared the person who put it in the order will find out it was me who failed to make the delivery. I can't die just yet. Not until I fail out of college at least and my life goes to shit. I still have a bit to fall before I'm okay with death.

So I ran. I ran so far away. Maybe I can find another delivery job after the heat dies down.