And I felt the storm of arrows rip into me, my breast pierced in six different places, my eye hollowed. It was so quick I felt more of the terror than the pain.

But then the terror ceased. Most things ceased, then, and I found myself adrift upon a placid lake. To my left and my right floated many men, most peacefully with eyes closed, those with their eyes open looking weary and at nothing in particular. I found myself unbothered by this, when at last I saw a swan.

It glided betwixt the drifting men and women, the only sound the soft lapping of far distant waves and the swan gliding through the water, lit by a golden halo of light.

It came up close to me, soft feathers brushing against my body, and with a thrill I found myself once again to care.

Then I saw the bloated corpses and the rotten holes of this malevolent beast, and I screamed as hollow eyes gazed into me, gleaning meaning somehow from its silence, for it spoke without a voice.

The deal I was offered thus; an iron coin to turn and call upon the proper side. Succeed and I would live again. Fail and I would drift always with eyes open, awake and dead. At any time, of course, I could choose simply to not take the deal, but I would never be offered again if I refused it e'en once.

I thought of my wife and child. My people. The city burning behind me. I took the deal, with the terror fresh in my mind, and I found myself with sword and shield, facing down an army.

I forget how many times I died, but in the end I lay atop a field of carnage, fighting with tooth and nail like a man possessed, and my enemies flew before the Immortali.

By proclamation, by the priests and the nobles of the city, I became Emperor of the People. I lived long and the land prospered, and at last I overcame my weakness of heart and conquered the foes which once had threatened us. I drove them into ruin and death, and unchallenged I carried on further. I would be the Universal Ruler, Emperor of All People, for I was Immortali.

When that _wench_, nothing but a piece of tribute, came at me with a knife.

I found myself before the Swan again and flipped the coin once more, for there was more to conquer.

The waves are louder now, and I have drifted from all the bloated corpses to stand alone. It is growing colder, far colder than the plains.

What have I done?