"I don't usually like to brag." said Hart. "Well, except for this one time when I almost tore apart the fabric of the space-time continuum." 

"Here, this round's mine." his buddy offered.

"I can't believe I managed to pull it off. Or should I say, *we*."

"What the devil do you mean?"
 
"I couldn't let /u/Galokot run off with the trophy again. Clever bastard." he shook his head. 

"But he *did* give me an idea. You see, dropping Hitler's painting idol criticizing his works as he slammed on top of him during a speech is masochistic and genius. I needed to top that" 

"I went back in time to Berlin. Then I went back again. And again. Going back a minute earlier each time until there were *millions* of me - *us*." 

"Some weird stuff was happening with the universe at this point." Hart explained. "Time sped up and slowed down and stuff from different universes fell from the sky."

"*Anyway*, we marched down the streets of Berlin to his residence, the SS opened fire at us at first, stopped, then scratched their heads in disbelief. I don't think they were paid enough to deal with what was going on." 

"We crammed as many of us as we could inside his office and began playing catch with his stuff, yelling at and harassing him. He went nuts. Spewing all kinds of profanity. My German's rusty but he said something about our grandmother's being stand-up whores."

"By now, his guards couldn't *even* shoot at us -- we covered every square foot of that city."

"I almost feel bad for the asshole. He jumped out his office window to try and get away to his underground bunker. We let him go through."

"There was a clear path leading to the bunker, with thousands of us lining it, watching. It looked like Moses parting the Red Sea. Kind of ironic for him now that I think about it."

"He frantically fumbled trying to get the key in the lock. He opened the door just enough to squeeze through and shut the door immediately. Locking everyone else outside."

"Reaching for the light switch he flicked it on and met the stares of another 100 of us."

"He took the cyanide pill right there."
 
"What happened to the universe?"

"I'm sure it's fine."

Hart paid his tab and hurried on home before curfew to avoid the wrath of his mightiness, Zsasz the omnipotent, ruler of Earth.



