The cigarette lit up the darkness, an intruder against the suffocating atmosphere. I drank down the poison, savouring the toxic air, knowing full well the cost; I didn't care. I exhale a long plume, mixing my smokey breath with the smog and humidity of a heavy July evening. The air doing it's best at pretending to be soup, too thick to easily breathe but too thin to rain. That's why it was called The Blanket, as every day underneath it was the same humid, sweaty hell.

I flick what's left of my butt into the street and step out of the murk. The bright LED lights of the store a stark contrast to the darkness outside as I cross the air curtain; it takes my eyes a few seconds to adjust. When my vision clears I see the cashier keeping an eye on me, but not too closely. I casually nod to him, and he goes back to watching TV. Old habits die hard. I have a scant 15 minutes until my next shift, so I peruse the shelves quickly, essentials only. Another citizen is here shopping, we do our best to avoid each other.

Barely 2 minutes has past before the peacefulness of repetitive tinny music is interrupted by the desperate pleas of a would-be thief. "Give me all of your credits or you are toast!" I sigh, of all the days. I turn to look at the young man, leather jacket, smog filter, scruffy brown hair, obvious ocular implant. A profile filters through my mind, Nathan Jamesson. 21. Augmented. Recently Unemployed. The same sad story, unable to afford the juice that keeps their implant running, they resort to anything to get it. Without the juice their implant is a piece of junk, and with all of the purists it's hard to get work as an Augmented.

The cashier droid just looks at Nathan with blank glassy eyes, making no motion to acquiesce to his demands. "I mean it!" the kid shouts louder, as if volume can be used against something that thinks with silicon and electrons.

*Sorry. Due to my contract I am unable to comply with your request.*

As I expected, a canned response from the tin can. Unfortunately the kid's temper and frustration gets the better of him and his laser pistol discharges straight through the bot's head, leaving melted plastic and silicon melting onto the counter. A flash through my mind appears combining with the rest of Nathan's Profile. Wanted: **Armed Robbery. Destruction of Corporation Property.**

Very bad idea kiddo. The bot will be replaced by tomorrow, but that charge is permanent.

"What the fuck you are you looking at arsehole?" he yells, breaking me out of my thoughts.

"Nothing." I mutter, hoping he will pay me no more attention. Unfortunately he's not so smart. The increased adrenaline has made him bolder, but also rash. He points the gun at me, barrel only a few feet from my face.

"Give me all your credits!" he barks at me, finger twitching on the trigger. Damnit, I gotta do what he says. He's worse than unjuiced, he must be withdrawling from something else. I carefully reach into my jacket pocket, and slowly retrieve my credit card. I look at him squarely in the eyes, and flick it over to him.

His one good eye follows the card as it arcs upwards through the air. Mistake. I take the opportunity to plunge my shoulder deep into his chest, feeling him fall backwards, gun clattering to the floor and depowering. Even though I caught him unawares, he still a dozen years of youth on me and recovers faster.

"Fuck you old man!" he spits and draws a vibroblade. In a store cramped like this it's a better weapon, I have nowhere to manoeuvre out of the way if he knows how to use it. He thrusts forwards, accurately, and I leap backwards. A second attempted lunge from Nathan and I find myself up against the back shelves, nowhere to go. The expression on the good half of his face shows me that he's enjoying this. He strikes a third time, and with nowhere to go I figure I have nothing to lose.

The blade strikes clean through my left hand, lubricant leaking down my arm. The vibroknife has sliced completely through the centre and out the back. I grin back at Nathan. "Picked the wrong guy to fight, kiddo." I mock. Clenching my left fist crushes the knife into shards of useless ceramics, still sharp but no longer immintently dangerous. Using my moment of surprise I lunge forward, ploughing my titanium fist into Nathan's ocular implant. The twisted sound of metal hitting metal echoes through the shop. A broken implant just adds to his list of troubles.

Nathan quickly scrambles back down the isle away from me, but I can see what's coming, I've kept an eye on the other patron that's been lurking around. A quick thump from him and Nathan is knocked out, slumped on the ground. We both look at each other, temporary allies against a robbery gone wrong.

I break the uncomfortable silence. "Hey, thanks Adam. I appreciate it." Adam. The name from his profile appeared in my mind before I could prevent myself from saying it. A momentary slip up. Adam's eyes go wide as he hears his own name from my lips.

"How, do you know that name?" he asks, hesitantly.

My implant finishes building his profile in my mind.

*Name: Adam.*  
*Identity: Unknown.*  
*Job: Unknown.*  
*Location: Unknown.*  
*Threat: Extreme. Treat with the utmost caution and under no circumstances are you to interact with this android.*