I sighed heavily as I entered into his dream again. Blackness so deep I couldn’t see the start or the end of the room, surrounded me bringing with it a terrifying feeling of foreboding. Ignoring the glowing eyes marking my entrance from the darkness, I found him cowered on the floor, too terrified to move. 

“John, this is the second time this week, buddy. I thought we had worked through this.”

The barely coherent reply was punctuated with sobs. 

I kneeled down next to him and took his hand in mine. 

“John, this is your dream. You control it. You can tell the creatures and the darkness to go. You have the power over it.”

“S-s-s-scared,” came the nervous reply.

“Ok I’ll back them off, but you have to get rid of this. Just like we practiced. Ok?”

“K”

This wasn’t my first time helping others with their night terrors and fears that were so crippling, even I felt the hopeless and terror pressing against me like a heavy blanket. I couldn’t tell the dreamers, locked in their own minds, that I was real and could control the horrors. No, that wasn’t why I was here. I was here to help teach them how to control their fears and one day, hopefully, be able to banish these torturous dreams themselves.  

It seemed easier for their minds to process me as an angel of sorts versus just a normal person in jeans, a t-shirt, and Chuck Taylor’s, so I unfurled my “wings” and withdrew an oversized, glowing “sword”, as a nod to the video games I played on a regular basis. I stood, ready to face whatever creatures John’s mind had concocted this time. 

They began to circle me, their contorted bodies moving irregularly closer, but not quite within reach the light emanating from my sword. Hissing laughter began to reverberate eerily as I stood my ground,  challenging them silently. I could only catch glimpses of the inky bodies reflecting the light, but what I saw would definitely be something that would haunt me later. 

It has always amazed me the horrors that exist in the human mind. Simply passing someone in the grocery store or on the street could never reveal the torture endured just hours prior. Sleep was supposed to be restful; a place to get away from the hardships of life. Not this Hell that locked people away with their deepest fears and no sense of time. 

Growing ever bolder, the creatures began to attack me as I swung my sword in wide arcs dismembering them one by one. In reality, I am not the most coordinated person, so I began taking karate lessons during the day in hopes I don’t look like a complete fool waving around a ludicrously sized weapon. The creatures began to synchronize their attacks, and soon I was starting to get overwhelmed. 

“Hey John, you gonna help me out here, bud?”

“C-c-c-can’t,”  he stuttered while rocking gently, his head cradled in his hands.

I paused to lunge just out of reach of a set of razor sharp teeth, while running the creature through before responding. If only the exercise here paid off in real life, I thought to myself. 

“You’re the only one that can control this. This is your dream, not mine. So end this.” 

More creatures began crawling out of the darkness, larger than the ones I had previously dispatched. 

“Shit,” I muttered to myself. The situation was starting to get serious. “Hey, John? Uh I’m gonna need you to do something here, bud.”

“N-n-no, I can’t. Not strong enough,” He said between hiccuping breaths.

“Yes you are. You can do this. Just like before. Say it, John.”

The creatures snarled and snapped just out of reach. I lunged, but they were too fast and easily evaded me. 

“I’mincontrol,” came the weak reply.

“Louder John. You have to believe it.” I said, barely escaping the massive claws.

“I am in control,” his voice was steadier now, but his head still nested in his arms.

“Well fuck, here goes nothing,” I muttered to myself as one of the monsters attacked me from behind, knocking me to the ground, while my sword clattered uselessly away from me. 

The echo of my sword against the ground rang loudly in the darkness, and John lifted his head for the first time as the creature bent over me to rend me limb from limb.

“NO!” He roared, and the entire dream stilled as if frozen in time. I smiled to myself as he stood and walked towards me.

“I. Am. In. Control.” He stated, emphasizing each word. “And you have to go.” 

My chest swelled with pride. He had finally conquered his fears. The creatures and the darkness were instantly gone. Whiteness surrounded us as John held out his hand to help me up. 

“You did it!” I said, hugging him.

“I actually did it!” He responded, elation clear on his face.

“Looks like you won’t be needing me anymore.” I said while bending to retrieve my sword. 

“I guess not,” he said. “Thanks for all of your help.” 

“You’re more than welcome. I’ll check in on you from time to time. Just to make sure you’re ok.” 

“I would like that,” he said, returning my smile.

After that night, I did return to check on him as I did with everyone who needed me at one time or another. Peering in from the edges of their dreams, just out of sight, ensuring that they were free from the nightmares that had previously plagued their dreams. Satisfied, I silently left, while humming to myself, off to find others who were in need of a dream angel. 
