Earth, what a funny place. It's been my target for years and it is finally time. First of all, earthlings still picture me as a giant glob of spaghetti literally flying though the sky scaring children causing no real harm. How could I be intimidating with a name like "flying spaghetti monster?" They are so quick to turn me into a joke.. They won't be laughing much longer.

I got the nick name from some dumbass article an investigative journalist wrote and it just stuck somehow.. people cling to dumb shit these days which is exactly how and why I am ready to conquer earth. First of all let me explain, I can't fly, I just have a ship that can take me across the galaxy, like all the thousands of gods have, nothing special really. I am also not made of spaghetti, skin, bones and organs just like humans..

Everyone is born a god on my planet and given a special power they have to discover om their own. Well.. mine is pasta sauce. I know, weak right? It took me years of denial and searching for something deeper that I finally realized and accepted this was it, I mean my sauce is quite indescribably magical. I just didn't want to admit I was the damn spaghetti god, when I could be Thor.. Anyway, I realized my pasta sauce is so good, I can introduce it to foreign planets and it spreads like wildfire, sprinkle some delayed release poison in each batch and before long, that planets resources are yours for the taking. And it just so happens, earth has one of the best possible natural habitats for growing tomatoes. If I wipe out humans on earth with my sauce, I can farm the entire planet and start an empire. 

I created an 'Instagram' for my product and already have reached my goal of 9,000 followers and the dumbasses know the product isn't even out yet. The health benefits of my sauce + some trendy marketing tactics  = easy followers. Anyway I created a website too and am releasing the sauce tomorrow. Already have employees that I hired 100% online from my home planet, who are going to handle shipping and distribution. All I have to do is drop off the product. The poison is set to release after 7 days, killing the consumer. My projections say the the entire planet will have tried the sauce by day 7.

This is when I will come to earth to begin the process, revealing myself to any tasteless remaining humans. They will laugh no more at the flying spaghetti monster.