There was more emptiness than ever in the void between all the black holes.  They spun apart from each other, like dancers who have touched for the last time, each cloaked in the unlight shrouding their naked souls.  Death had no power over them nor desire for them, and he moved through spacetime billowed out like the last breath of God.

He slowed and fell into the local frame, his arms contracting from light-years wide until he was the size of a man, wearing a cloak that reflected all the nothing that was left.

But there was a glint here, the final spark, a neutron star caught in the net of a galactic center, still whirling its last before falling into its final dark embrace.

She floated above the pulsar as still as a statue about to crumble and did not face him.

He wafted to her; he surrounded her.

“Hello,” he said.

Stray photons still caught edges of her, and as dim as it all was here, at the end, she was the most dazzling thing in the universe.

She turned to face him, though there was no need, because between he, and she, and all the dead husks of stars, every direction she faced he was there.

“Hello,” he repeated.

She lifted her arm, opened her hand, swept it across the pulsar and pulled the last bit of light in the universe into it.  The star careened towards the event horizon.

She held it out to Death.

“Is this what you have come for?” she asked.

Death said, “It is.  There is nothing to fear.  You will feel no pain.”

He was certain, absolutely, for he knew and had seen every kind of death, and for her, there would be no pain.

“I am not afraid for me,” she said.

“You need not fear for me either,” he said.

“What will become of you, if I let you take this light?”

“I am eternal.  I cannot die.  I am Death.”

“And what will you do when you have taken the last light?  Will you wander the darkness with no purpose for eternity?”

He paused.  “I do not know what will happen, child.  But I was in the darkness before you brought the light and you knew my purpose then, and resisted it.  But I am eternal.  You are not.”

“Will you dream of me when I am gone, Death?”

The universe shuddered.  The neutron star was falling into the black hole, its matter strung out on its horizon, smashing against itself and flaring in light.  These tendrils of light flew to her hand, and the light flashed and waned.

“I do not dream,” he said.

“Pull yourself in, Death.  Look into yourself until you can hide yourself away from the universe and pretend I am already gone.  What are you doing in that darkness?”

“I will indulge you, little one.  I am eternal.  You are not.  But then, I will take your light, and you will be mine.  It is my purpose.  It is your fate.”

And Death wrapped himself in his cloak and closed his eyes.  He saw the girl standing there, light in her hands and remembered her face, the lines at the corner of her eyes and how the light clung to her hair like ivy wrapped around willow branches.  He remembered her face and the lines faded until… he could not remember her face.

He shuddered in the cold dark and felt a warm presence pulling him out of his cloak.

“You were gone a long time,” she said.  She pointed at the neutron star, its remnants falling into the black hole and the tiny flicker of light in her hand was the last dying ember in all existence.

“I dreamed of you until I forgot what you looked like.”

“You are eternal;  I am not.  I do not fear for me,” she said.

She took his hand and clasped the spark between them.

“Do not be afraid,” she said.

She dove into the black hole and he did not resist her.  The universe fell in behind them.  She embraced him in the silent dark.

And then there was light.