"You will not select the weapon, child. The weapon will select you." The old man's robe dragged over each crack in the cobbled floor as he walked through the grand hall, giving a detailed account of all the wondrous weapons that were hanging from the walls.

"But nothing is calling to me."

"Be patient, youngling. Give it time. You are in the presence of weapons collected over many millennia. Those rushing to find their partner are only going to be left disappointed. Patience is a must."

We walked through the hallowed halls, weapons wielded by deities and heroes flashing before me but none tempting my soul. And then it happened.

"What .. what is that?" I said, pointing towards the corner of a small unusual room. "I've never seen anything like that before."

"You do not want any part of that weapon, child."

"But that feeling you described to me. It burns within. I'm certain my choice has been made for me."

"That weapon has not been wielded since the year 2000. Nor can I ever recall it calling for a new partner."

I walked towards it, the pull as strong as any gravitational force I had ever felt. "You must tell me what it is."

"That is what they called a PC."

"A PC?"

"A strange weapon forged in the depths of Flame Wars and online battles."

"Flame wars?"

"Flame Wars. The most destructive and vile battles that took place within that era. Although they would mainly take place in public forums, I have read of tales of thousands of warriors battling it out within single rooms."

"Single rooms? How was that possible?"

"The ancients named them 'Chat Rooms'. But the scholars believe the word 'Chat' translates 'Fight'."

"Fight Rooms? You mean they had entire rooms dedicated to fighting using this weapon? Incredible. And how would you wield it?"

"Perhaps this explanation is even stranger than the item itself," said the old man. "Great warriors would sit at the PC rather than swing it at their adversaries."

"You would sit at this weapon?" I asked.

"Indeed. You would sit and type super mean words to other warriors," he replied. "Super fucking mean."

"This is too horrific, even for a place such as this," I replied.

The old man ushered me closer to the death machine. Each step evoking more fear inside of me, as if I was inching towards oblivion. It was if my soul could feel the hate and pain it was exuding.

"Tell me more of these warriors. Did they have a name?" I asked, stopping in my tracks, afraid to walk any closer. "If this weapon has called to me I must adhere to the lore."

"The ancient tales say they named themselves 'Trolls'," said the man. "They would live deep within the depths of their parents basements, training their bodies to require minimum amounts of nutrition and sustenance, adapting to a life of energy replenishing fizzy drinks and small potato snacks."

"I can't even begin to comprehend the amount of dedication it takes to train your body through such a tormented lifestyle."

"They were remarkable, it cannot be denied. The unusual pain and punishment these warriors would put themselves through is unheard of within any other stage of history."

"And how would they tackle the cold of the basement? Surely they would freeze in such conditions."

"That's were you are wrong, child. The Trolls would grow hair on areas of their bodies we would frown upon. They would birth entire scarves of fur around their necks and store excess fat on their bodies to retain heat."

"Why have I never heard of such elite troops? Why are we not taught about them?" I asked.

"The ancients have had, shall we say, difficulties in translating the writings of their historical documents. What you see on the wall next to the weapon is the largest portion of remaining text we have on the Trolls. It is a tragedy of historic proportions."

I walked towards the wall, my eyes flowing over the etchings.

*What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I’m the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You’re fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You’re fucking dead, kiddo.*

"Maybe it is best that they did not last for their power may have been uncontrollable," muttered the old man.

****

I write shitty, silly stories on /r/BillMurrayMovies. Feel free to come along, not laugh at any of them and leave some judgement.