on a phone sorry for format and spelling errors.

Ashley went about her morning routine as normal, brushed her hair and teeth, picked out her outfit gathered her things. It was the second week of her junior year in highschool she was used to the morning checklist and was had it down to a science, she could hop out of bed and be ready to go in under 5 minutes, today was different. She had stayed up too late perfecting her new terrarium for Robert the bewest edition to her family and now she was running just a touch late and her parents had already left for work. 
"its a good thing i live so damn close to that jail we call school" she thought aloud to herself as she scirried around the house. She took a last look around and saw robert had poked out of his hide and was sitting on a rock. excitedly she strode over and picked him up.
"good bye lil cutie!" she exclaimed.
"I have to leave for a while, but ill be back so no burning the house down ok?"
she kissed his little froggy forhead and with a loud bang and a puff of smoke a fully grown man now stoof in front of her.
screaming profanities that no highschooler say with their parents around she flew back to get space and looked at the confused nude man now in her home.
"who the fuck are you!?" she shouted 
the man frowned and looked around.
slowly Ashley tried to collect her thoughts and think about what happened. 
"I .... I am heir to the throne ... to the throne of... of.. " the man stuttered, spinning around slowly on his new legs trying to make sense of his surroundings and new form 
"I mean .. I was the frog, and now" he stared at his hands.
ok, Ashley thought, this is absurd. like some awful disney movie or,
"a fairytale" she murmured.  shaking off the insanity she grabbed her fathers bathrobe and gave it to him
"I'm sorry, I have to leave but I promise to explain when I get back" puzzled at why she said she'd be doing the explaining she left for school.

she had arrived during the morning announcements. 
"shit" she thought as she stood still in the foyer with the patrolling teachers nearby. her school thought that those not in class already didn't deserve to get there during the announcement and should stand quietly. She spaced out as the secretary and students yapped on about pep rallies and lunch specials. What the fuck had happened this morning? why was there a man in her home? her parents were going to go nuts if they got home before her. He said he was an heir?  she contemplated all this for far too long and her inner monologue was inturrupted by Mr. Smith.
"Ashley..... Ashley!  hey! I suggest you get to class... ideally BEFORE you get written up!"
"r-right! sorry sir! leaving now" 
she must have been standing there forever looking like a dumbass.
she went through her day on auto pilot trying to figure out when the last time there was royalty around and  how to explain modern society to someone with no inkling of what even a toster was. Lunch was a good distraction she caught up with friends, listened to their day and gossiped about the new kids in class. 
Finnally it was time to go home, she found herself strangely excited to talk to the new man, maybe it WOULD be like a fairy tail maybe during her teaching him about the world theyd fall for eachother, he was quite attractive is she put aside the craziness of the situation. 
She unlocked her door and entered into her home.
"HELLOOOOO? I'm hooome!" she announced
"I didn't get your name this morning I'm so-..."
she gazed with horror at the scene in front of her.
He'd hung himself. with the belt of the housecoat. He was simply hanging there, in her kitchen, from the overhead light. 