My first interaction with the now-famous archives was during Operation Endless Victory. I was at outpost Might Mouse, 8 Klicks outside of the forward-operating base in Astoma, when a call came over the radio. Astoma was taking indirect fire, and one of the mortar rounds had blown pieces of bone all over the place. At first, everyone thought someone had been hit, but eventually all of the Soldiers were accounted for. That's pretty much all I was able to hear over the comms; shortly after that we started taking accurate machine gun fire. 

The next couple days were pretty rough. We took direct and indirect fire for the next 36 hours. Best I could tell, the FOB was getting hit pretty hard as well, and we both had casualties. The last thing I remember was trying to keep track of the muzzle flashes that came from the mirage-covered sand dunes so that I could return fire. Eventually I fell asleep right there on the hillside.  

I woke up to the LT screaming and unleashing a mouthful of saliva directly into my ear. I promptly apologized, "Yes LT, I'm sorry. Won't happen again," then went on with my day as usual. The firefight was over, and now I got to go back to my primary job as a landscaper, janitor, and errand boy. I spent the morning refilling and rebuilding Hescos until our Platoon had fixed most of the damage caused by the previous night's attack. For lunch I ate an MRE and some M&Ms then smoked a few cigarettes, and for dessert I put a quarter tin of Grizzly Wintergreen in my lip. The day was actually turning out to be alright. 

Around 14:00, I headed towards one of the outpost's buildings when a Specialist came running over with a radio receiver in hand. "The Captain wants you." I looked at the handset for a brief moment before taking it from him. "This is Brennen Sir," "Brennen, this is Captain White. Command thinks you've got some info that might be able to help us. I'm sending a bird over right now, do you copy?" "Sending a bird over right now, that's a good copy, Sir," 

I handed the receiver back to the soldier and ran inside to grab my gun and one of my smaller backpacks. Knowing there was a chance that I wasn't going make it back to the OP by the end of the day, I decided it best to pack up my laptop and other essential entertaining goodies. I wasn't sure what they wanted me to do at the FOB, but I was confident that it was going to be boring. 

Eventually a Black Hawk came to pick me up. I climbed aboard and strapped in as it lifted into the air sending dust in every direction. The desert floor looked more beautiful now than ever. Small ripples in the sand formed an endless dark-orange ocean of earth with large waves forming peaks and valleys. It was almost easy to forget that nearly every night for the last three months, that beautiful sand concealed men who were trying to kill me. 

The ride to the FOB was uneventful, and when we got there I was met by a handful of officers and plain-clothes individuals. An average-height man in a tan button-up shirt was the first to greet me. He sported a healthy beard and wore a dirty tan baseball cap with a Bass Pro Shops logo on the front. Eventually he introduced me to the rest of the group and we started walking inside one of the base's hangars. On a table lay several human bones. 

"Do you know what these are?" The man in the hat asked the question then stood silent while staring at me. I walked closer to the table. It had been so long since I'd seen a Trembuko bone, I'd nearly forgot what they looked like. As I was about to speak, a Major to my right chimed in. "Those are remains of a Trembuko, Corporal." I carefully inspected the fragmented, yellow bones. These ones were from a kid. "Was this what I heard over the radio yesterday?" I asked. The man in the hat answered, "Yes, these were discovered yesterday after a mortar landed inside the base. At first we thought someone had been injured but quickly realized that something else was going on." He paused before speaking again. "We know what these are, the problem is we have another outpost about 60 Klicks to the North where they've uncovered a much bigger pile of remains. As I understand it, you have a degree in archaeology, and you saw some serious action when you were in the 75th?" "Yea, I saw a bit as a Ranger, but it's been over eight years since I left college. Surely, there's someone who knows more about this stuff and I do?" The Major spoke up, "Not anyone who'll last a day at such a remote outpost." 

I looked at the man in the hat, unsure of what exactly was being asked of me. "The Agency has a small outpost that we're operating out of. It would appear that the Trembuko remains are of great importance to our enemy, and we need to know exactly why that is. The CIA's main objective at the Northern site is to protect and continue to uncover whatever remains exist in that location, and then to discover why the local forces are so interested in them." I still had no clue what the hell the man in the hat or the Major were really asking me to do. "Sorry, sir, I don't mean to sound dense, but you want me to head up to the outpost and help the CIA protect these remains as well as try and discover their importance to the insurgents?" The Major and the man in the hat nodded. I briefly looked around to find the rest of the group looking at me eagerly awaiting my answer. I nodded my head, "Okay, I'll do it. When do I leave?" The Major looked me in the eye and replied, "Right now."
