It's been a long day. Too little time.

I scratch my head-if only I had money, this would all go away. No stress. No job hunting. No ridiculous amount of turn downs. 

My ego was bruised, despite feeling on top of the world just a few months ago with graduation. 

I sit at a near empty bar, it was still too early in the evening for anybody to be occupying space.

Right before the end of a work day, I order a Dos Equis. 

The bartender slid the cold bottle down the bar, condensation lining the dark red wood. 

"Long day, big guy?" She asked. I looked up and only now did I see this lady's face. Beautiful.

Sharp jaw bone. Dark and large lips, redwood skin, pitch black hair. 

"Indeed."

She walked over to me, her steps were nice and precise. 

She leans over the bar and stares me down. 

"I can help ya." A sharp brow rose in suggestion.

"Oh..." I say and look at her before taking a quick sip, "You can?" Here I was thinking she'd offer me a blow job or something. 

"I help many, many people. Men and women alike. So..  yeah. I guess I can." 

"How so?" I challenged and put the beer down, slumping back into the back of my high stool.

"Simple. We make a deal." She said. She continued after she saw the look on my face,"Anything you want... and I mean... anything. We just gotta seal it with a kiss."

Most men would call me stupid for not wishing to millions and kissing the lady stupid.

"Okay. What are we sealing, may I ask?"

Her eye twitched as if she'd made a mistake,"A deal." She replied.

"Okay, in order for something to be a deal, I feel there's got to be an exchange of some sort. So if I get whatever I want, what do you get in return that we eventually would seal with a kiss?"

"We... cannot lie." She muttered under her breath,"Just your soul, big guy." 

I bellow, "Is this some stupid reality tv show? And who's we, by the way?"

"U-...us." her confidence fell. 

"Us, huh? Who's us?" I ask. 

"You know what, fuck it." She pushed off the bar and gets back to cleaning glasses.

I take a last swig of my beer,"You know..." she whipped her head around, "If you're aiming for some poor, old bastard to seal away his soul, try not going for people who are trying to work for Wall Street. You'll have it much easier."