The room was quiet, unassuming, and brown.  The carpet was brown.  The couch that God was sitting on was a lighter shade of brown.  The curtains were brown.  The sunlight coming in through the nearby window somehow managed to even be a very pale shade of brown.  The deities, flawless in appearance and dressed in dignified robes, were so foreign to the peaceful brown-ness of the room that they seemed to oppress reality itself.  By contrast, God was utterly relaxed.  He knew that the review was coming.  The part of him that cared had faded hundreds of millions of years ago.

"Just... God?" one of the figures said, shaking its perfectly shaped head.  "You could have instilled a glorious name for yourself, but you decide to be generic?  Why?"

"You let them write books in your own name, and never correct them?  Almost all of these words are fiction of a sort.  Why not clarify?" the deity asking was painfully beautiful, peering with ice-blue eyes behind an affected pair of golden spectacles.

"You take on their form and grow long hair and a beard?  You let yourself *age*?!  Does it amuse you to let them dictate your form to you?" another deity demanded.  Its amazing musculature rippled across its massive form as it spoke.

One by one, the dozen or so deities shot questions at God.  They waited for answers.  God did not speak.  They argued among themselves.  God did not intervene.  They accused their host of apathy, nihilism, and deliberate self-sabotage.  God did not contest.  Finally, they fell silent and stood, glaring at each other and at God.  The process of peer review was their most sacred tradition, one that had literally stood for over a hundred billion years.  Some resisted it, taking refuge in audacity.  Some embraced it, using the advice of others to sharpen their creations.  Only one, the one who only called itself "God", simply tolerated it.  The other deities hated this, even those who had literally destroyed the concept of hate in their own universe.  After an hour of silence, God casually produced a small roll of paper and dried herbs, lit it, inhaled, and then blew a cloud of fragrant smoke in the direction of the deities.  They stared at God with disgust.

"You are vile," the painfully beautiful one pronounced.  "You are incompetent and base, a stain upon this society of deities.  If you cannot even honor our practices, why do you continue the farce of inviting us here and listening?  Your history speaks for itself.  You are not fit to be one of us!"

God leaned back and cocked an eyebrow at her.  He shook his head, chuckled, and took another drag off of his joint.  After a long, slow exhale, he finally spoke:

“Yeah, well... you know, that’s just... like, your opinion, man," God said.