“Where the fuck am I?”
Demon garbles 
	“Ask it what it’s name is!”
Another warbles
	“Ask it if it likes living!”
The third demon says from behind the door of a quite turpid and grotesque bathroom caked with a half inch of thick shit
	“What’s your name?” his voice wavering with sadistic excitement knowing this humans freaked the fuck out.
“Are you a dirty man?” he continues “Or a sexy lady?” 
“Are you a sinner?” he drones as he and his troupe come out of the bathroom and throw the board at him.
One of them writes on his body with a permanent marker.  SLUT, fool, shit, piss.
“Fuck you I want to know where the fuck I am. Is this some 3D or something. You guys look fucking demonic. I can’t handle this shit right now!”
“What do you want from us. What were you doing that you could pass through the hell gate so easily” said one of the demons.
“Hell, Am I in hell? I thought you guys had some fine costumes but now you just look ugly.”
“We are pretty ugly."
“Can I have a beer, a cigarette, and the pleasures of my choosing?”
“Give him what he wants just get him to tell us something."
"Are you good?" They said with emphasis on the good.
"Do you like helping old ladies with their groceries?"
"Do you buy your family presents at Christmas?"
"Do you want Jesus to come upon your body right now?" Said the creepy sadistic obviously undersexed and oversexualized demon.
“What in the fuck are you talking about?"
“Do you like scary movies?" Said the stupid demon.
"That's from Scream you can't just steal peoples lyrics."
"I thought it was good though.  I thought it sounded really scary." 
"Look I know you guys are just trying to chill and call down some humans and get them to do dirty things so they can get back to Earth but I know your racket."
said the now confident human "Call Lucifer. I want to make a deal."
Lucifer appears and says "You rang."
The stupid demon says "Hey that's from a movie you can't say that!"
Lucifer grabs him by the trachea and squeezes.
Stupid head popped.
"Now then, what's this deal.”
"I wanted to negotiate for the life of the stupid one in exchange for my own."
He immediately starts to ascend.
"Lucifer says "If you sell your soul to me now you can smoke and drink and drug all the time and you'll never get lung cancer or cirrhosis or addicted.  Things will be perfect for you but when you die you must do my bidding"
and what is your bidding
"I run a racket getting humans to sell their souls to me.  I need you to be part of my demon army and Ouija up at least two souls a week. It's kind of like cold calls from a call center in Michigan or something.  Hell is about as bad as Michigan though a little tougher."
"Michigan?"
"Yeah, it's God's secret Guantanamo Bay" the devil said and added "You're free to go back home now just know that the next time you smoke, drink, or think about fucking the barista at Starbuck's again I'll be in Hell putting another soul down on the books. Have a great day and remember I'm waiting."
Ulisises finds himself in his bedroom, waking from a shitty dream, and he lights a cigarette and thinks to himself
"Well, that dream scared the fuck out of me."
Some where in Hell two demons and a demigod split the take 80 - 10 - 10 and bought themselves a glass of water and a minute at the oxygen station.