No one ever understood why I stuck so hard to the family business or why I used so many of our products myself, always keeping the feeders for the squirrels and birds full, planting trees to grow tall and strong dropping nuts everywhere Always keeping a population of squirrels in the yard.  I knew no one would ever believe me so I never said a thing but if you are reading this I have passed and along with my estate this journal has been passed on to others and with it, an incredible secret.  Please honor it and carry on my secret as well as the cooperation between our "families" but I will keep this short.

It was 1968 and it was two weeks before my deployment to Vietnam.  I was flying home, I was actually driving but I was "flying" at low levels down the road.  I was about a block from the house and saw this squirrel dodge a bird of some kind while crossing an overhead electric wire and fall into the street.  I actually swerved to miss it if you can believe it.  I stopped the car and went back to check on the little bugger and this little red squirrel looked up at me dazed for a sec then righted himself and ran off the side of the road.  That should have been the end of it.

Well lets fast forward 7 months.  I had been captured by the VC 3 months in and had spent 4 months being moved from cage to cage throughout Laos.  I knew they had been discussing whether to have another round of torture or just dispose of me and the other 4 guys they were holding and to be honest, I knew it would soon be time over for me, possibly for all of us.  They were not going to bother taking us all the way to Hanoi.  We were not worth it.  The rats had gotten really bad that night, i could not get any sleep for fear they would start nibbling on me again.  Being trapped in a tiny freaking bamboo cage didn't help the lack of sleep.  

I honestly thought I was going crazy looking up there was an American red squirrel sitting on top of my cage.  In Asia a freaking American red squirrel.  I started laughing when he gave 2 of those little squirrel barks and all comedy was gone as my cage was swarmed with those damn rats.  Except they were not being damn rats they chewed my cage open in seconds.  As i crawled out he hopped towards the woods but stopped as I moved to try and get the others out, if I ran and left them they would be killed as punishment.  A couple more barks and the rats swarmed over to help chewing open the other cages too.  Keeping this short, from there we followed that little fluffy tailed bastard back through the jungle for five days until he finally led us to an American patrol and he disappeared back into the bush again.  We were sent to medical, and I was sent home for my injuries.  On the flight back I would swear I caught a glimpse of a fuzzy tail in the frame of the plane above me at least twice.

Upon returning home I spent several months recovering before being discharged and sent home.  I was home three days when it snowed and snowed hard and what do I see digging around desperately in the yard but a fuzzy tailed squirrel.  I went out and got some peanuts and birdseed the same day and I'll be darned if he did not come in to eat as I was putting the stuff out.  As his kids always have since.  

You should have figured out something else by now too.  It was hard for vets finding work back then.  So I took our friendship in another direction.  The hippies had made things dang uncomfortable for us vets but a vet building squirrel and bird feeders to "give back to nature" was all cool and crap.  So I started my own business that if you are reading this you are probably inheriting some of today.  I swerved to miss him and he came to save me.  He was hungry and I have always kept him and his fed and through that started the business that has provided so much for our family too.

So there you have it, so, keep the feeders full, and sleep sound at night.  Our family helps them and theirs helps ours, that's how it works.  Bury me under a nice sapling oak.  They grow forever, provide great shade and they will love to eat my nuts.