Nothing has been going well lately. Half the time I can't bring myself to get out of bed to go to class, and when I do get up, sometimes I just sit down outside my English building instead of going inside. Nothing interests me anymore. I realized none of my friends actually liked me, they just tolerate my presence, wait for me to finish talking so they can go back to their conversation without me. I'm failing most of my classes. I don't even know if I like the major I chose. I have a giant loan to go to this school, and suddenly I hate the thought of getting an engineering degree.

All of these worries are paralyzing me. I can't make up my mind if I should quit school or keep going. I might not even care anymore. What's the point? Get a degree, get a 9 to 5, make some money, repeat, die.

Sometime I think I may as well die now, get the tedium out of the way.

I'm sitting outside my English building again. I made it to class today, but left halfway through — just stood up halfway through my professor's lecture and left. I didn't used to be so apathetic about school. I got straight A's in high school, got a little scholarship to go here. But if I don't even go to class, what am I paying for, really? I guess landscaping, right now. The grass is soft, and I'm sitting in the sun with my legs in the shade. I'm a little hot, but I don't feel like moving.

I'm pointed toward a tree. There's a little squirrel climbing up the bark, its fuzzy tail catching the light here and there. It gets to a big branch and rustles the leaves. Suddenly, it's jumping between branches with such deftness that it seemed born to do this, born to be here, weaving through this pattern of leaves. It's almost acrobatic.

After maybe ten minutes of this, the little gray squirrel is poised on a branch above me. In fact, if I didn't know any better, I'd say it was looking at me, its soft head peering over the side. Its tail twitches.

Suddenly, it's on another branch, a wire thin one. The branch is so thin I worry the squirrel's weight will break the branch — and in that instant, the twig snaps. I start, instinctively putting my hands out in front of me, like I'm receiving communion. Hoping, that if the squirrel falls, it will find hands to catch it.

But the squirrel twists through the air as it falls, landing on a branch lower to the ground. It's close now. I put my hands down in my lap. It's looking at me, I'm sure of it this time.

I stare at this squirrel, this fragile being that almost fell fifty feed to the ground, and realize that I care about it. This is the first time in months that I've felt anything at all. It's like the sun breaking through a cloud, sending down a fragile ray of light to earth. 

I'm going to hold onto that light. I don't know what I will do with it, but it's enough that I have it, for now.

The squirrel disappears into the tree.