He came as in every night, a dark and bleak character, of whom his spirit has acquainted mine. It was the moment I would wait every day, other than that of me receiving my daily allowance of food. MY thoughts and ideas would formulate as I wait, for it was the only thing keeping me alive.

  
 But it was different, no jokes, puns or anecdotes, and it seemed like my acquaintance with such a spirit was merely superficial, "after all, he was a spirit of death hand bad fortune" I said to my self in a faint voice, when he promptly placed his hand, which never touched the good, on my feeble shoulder and spoke in his deep abyssal voice " I will get you out even if it was against your destiny"

  
 His words didn't make me ecstatic, alas, it exacerbated my already weak composure."If my destiny doesn't matter, do I anymore?" my mind spoke, "Even if I did, would my amity with this bizarre spirit matter anymore, would it?" I had no choice, like the sick in a hospital room waiting for his moment, His thoughts were inevitable, his actions were altering my reality, his person became my destiny, he became a part of me that I can't become. 

  
 He took me by my arms, even with my conspicuous acerbity, and aloft flew through the roof and across the sky, the bright luminous moon quivered my sensations, the dim stars reminded me of the nights I spent in my childhood, the scent of grass assembled my humanity back into me, a property I long lost.

&#x200B;

"Where do you want to go?" the spirit abruptly broke the serenity of the scene. My mind wanted to move away, but my body refused. After a long silence, I replied: "to my parents, they should have missed me"

&#x200B;

 I saw his gloomy becomes gloomier, his expressions of a person who had been deprived of every drop of joy in his life. I asked, "What is the matter?" He replied in a faint voice: "your parents...your parents are dead" My emotions were lost, after I saw life, I lost it again, lost it to a disparate level, it felt to me that I was death, not him. The darkness of the sky reflected my inner afflicted soul, but failed to express it. 

&#x200B;

"Take me to them," I said, with a strong demanding voice. He quickly replied, "but I can't, that is the rule". I demanded with the strongest will I had ever, and after a number of short bursts of anger from me, he acquiesced.

 

My soul started to depart my body, all of the inner pains of life displayed, I screamed in pain."It is a short process" he noted, when my soul left, I couldn't feel, I was left of the pains of the world, my soul started to move upwards, as I glimpsed down, his stern face for the first time smiled and the spirit vanished. 