When you have to get rid of a planet, you need to break a few eggs.  
As far as I could tell about the rule, its not allowed for a single human being to die; seems I need to save all 7 billion from this fucking rock catapulting at us. I figured that out during the first couple days of the timefreeze, when I was doing whatever the hell I wanted. I- well, tried to- killed an old client that had been making life hell for me in the past. Picked him up, threw him off the building. Right when he woke up whole world went black. I woke up in the field I started in later, I have no idea how "long" it was.  
The first problem is that if that godforsaken rock grazes us it kills billions; its about the same size of Earth as far as I could tell. The other problem is that I'm  not some astronaut who could do anything closely related to space to stop this hunk of planet; I'm just a chicken farmer in Asia.  
I spent what probably was years thinking through every single problem. No time was passing, so I never got tired, never had to sleep, or eat, just was able to think or move. 
  
"Could I destroy this rogue planet?" I had all the time in the world, so if I could get my hands on some bombs then I could try. I rode a bike through China trying to find anything at all that I could use. Fun fact, the "no humans dying" rule included myself, so I could go however fast I wanted; if I crashed then I would just wake up in that field, next to the frozen chickens. After what was probably months I found the Chinese armory; a couple weeks later and I was into one of the biggest military foundations on Earth. I found some metric tons of C4 and knew that if I needed more, I had the entire worlds force at my fingertips. I could even get a nuke; it took me a decade but I finally got into the base.  
  
What was likely a century later, my plan was ruined. You see, something about this time situation I was in was that it was contained to this earth. I found out the hard way that if I left the atmosphere of Earth I would just awaken immediately at the field. They may had put that in place so that I couldn't escape Earth and try to just save myself, or some other reason; I had no clue. I had a worlds worth of demolitions to destroy this planet, but I couldn't reach it. This put me in a depression that lasted several lifetimes, until I got an idea.  
  
"If I can't destroy this planet, I can ruin ours."  
The "no lives affected" rule applies to humans alone, not to animals, and not to the earth as I saw. So after wallowing in a literal pool of tears (I never ran out of the liquid), I had an idea: The scientists on the television had said that the planet was hitting us straight on. However, I had read their notes a few years back, and read that it was actually hitting us at a slant. The entire South Equator was gone, but about where Greenland was, individuals could actually survive the blast. There was a bunker built miles and miles underground and a shelter that could host millions. The problem was that I needed 7 billion individuals safe.  So I had a two step plan.  
  
Step one: Get everyone over there. This was the hardest part of the plan. It also took what I bet was a literal eon of time to do, but I managed to pick up every single individual on this planet Earth and move them to Greenland. Searching through jungles, over deserts, in cities, evacuating them all slowly but surely to Greenland. Lifting them over my head and putting them all on a cargo plane (I learned the hard way how to fly a plane) and then bringing them all to Greenland. After that was complete I moved on to step two: getting them inside. I got the first 8 million inside just fine but then we started running out of room. A couple million more and the place was full to bursting; not a single soul could fit into this cavern.  So I did what any man with all the time in the world would do.  
I picked up a shovel and started digging.  
  
That's where I am now. I've been digging this hole for ages. Had the bright idea of keeping a journal of everything I've done so I wouldn't go insane, and am taking a break to fill you in. I've seen more rock than every mortal man on earth has combined. And I'll continue to do so for an eternity more, and then once the hole is big enough I'll have to make walls, make rooms, bring in livestock, allow everyone in here to actually survive. But I'm ready for that challenge. After all, I have all the time in the world.
  