“Have you finished changing the bedpans?”


Greg peers up from behind the patient he turned over and smiles as he slides the new pan underneath. He maneuvers the patient back to a comfortable position before he replies, “that was the last one.”


Ingrid waves him out of the room and follows him over to the sinks. As he begins to lather the soap between his fingers he hears the rapid slap, slap, slap of the clipboard against her palm. He doesn’t make eye contact until he turns the water off.


“I know you said Thursday was the last time, but…” Ingrid trails off as Greg meets her gaze. She grins and he can see the lipstick smeared on her front teeth. He reaches for the clipboard.


“What did Dr. Grant say to make you give up evals today?”


“Nothing he hasn’t said before, but I caught one of the write ups scheduled and thought it’d sweeten the deal.”


Greg dropped his gaze towards the first page. The report detailed a 17 year old, admitted by her mother for an eating disorder. He frowned and furrowed his brow, but before he could ask Ingrid which report she meant he heard the raspy, deep toned voice of one Dr. Grant. The doctor shuffled into his office and shut the door. 


Greg knew he had 15 minutes to bring in the first patient to the exam room, which had already filled up with many of the outpatient appointments for the day. Greg’s steps quickened as he moved towards the receptionist desk where the check-in confirmations were filed. He pulled out the folder and glanced at the name for a split second, not enough to notice that Ingrid had the reports in the clipboard out of order.


“Hank Nichols?”


Greg’s eyes widened as he recognized the dark blue uniforms standing across the room. The two policemen had already turned once they heard the name, and quickly moved to reveal a stout man adorned in a bright, fluorescent orange jumpsuit. The three men stepped through the open door, Greg closing the door behind them. Hank’s eyes wandered around the facility, but he didn’t turn his head. His hair looked freshly cut, cropped closely at the sides, but the amount of facial hair that covered his entire jaw and some of his neck gave Greg the feeling Hank wasn’t the standard criminal evaluation. As he ushered the trio into the exam room, he could see one of the officer’s jaw clench as the view of the table and chairs became clear. Hank walked in freely, and took his seat while the other officer unlocked a cuff to fasten to the table. The entire exchange took only moments, but Greg’s curiosity was barely contained as he guided the officers to a few chairs in the hallway. 


When he stepped away towards the exam room he unclipped the reports and searched for Hank’s preliminary assessment. 

**Patient presents delusions of grandeur, and cites having supernatural powers. His confession states he can compel people to follow him when he hums.**


It was then Greg remembered the recent headlines. Hank was known as the modern day pied piper. The rats he would lure were various petty criminals, but lure he would. Right into the nearest police station. For awhile he remained anonymous, never reported on or known about, not even a rumor. The only clue initially was the drop in crime that lasted for 2 or 3 weeks whenever he would visit a city. According to the most recent article, Hank was caught when one of a pair of criminals didn’t succumb to his power; he was deaf. In the scuffle that followed, the deaf criminal was killed.


This had to be the patient Ingrid had in mind, and Greg nodded slightly in approval before he sauntered into the exam room.


“Good Morning Hank, how are you feeling?”


Hank grunts.

“Alright. Well, Dr. Grant will be in just a moment, do you mind if I take your pulse? We’ll finish the rest of the vitals after the appointment, okay?”


Hank’s eyes are burrowing into the wall, but he grunts again.


Greg steps close. He stands over Hank, but he doesn’t reach for Hank’s wrist. In one swift motion, Greg’s right hand wraps around the back of Hank’s neck, his index and middle fingertips press into the base of the skull. 


One.


Two.


Three.


He releases.


----


“He wasn’t that impressive,” Greg said before he bit into his sandwich.


“Who?” Ingrid asked as she sat across from him in the break room.


“Hank – the vigilante guy.”


“Oh!” she exclaimed as she leaned back in the chair, “was he scheduled today? I actually wanted to be there for that one.”


“You didn’t miss anything exciting. Ever seen a 35-year-old man cry for his mom? My heart was breaking for the poor guy.”


Ingrid frowned and stared down at the orange she was about to peel. She sighed and set it on the table, “I hate this job.”


“How come?”


“It’s a fucking lie. We’re reactive. We pick up the pieces, or we – we tell ourselves there isn’t anything more we can do, that we couldn’t’ve known.”


Greg reaches for Ingrid’s hand and squeezes a little to slow the trembling, “What’s this really about?”


She’s sobbing, “my mom called to tell me my step-dad isn’t doing okay, she’s going to bring him here this afternoon.”


“Alzheimers?”


“They diagnosed him last month, he’s just gotten worse so fast.”


Ingrid moved her chair beside Greg and leaned against him. He flinched, and swore his heart beat so loudly Ingrid would have noticed had she not been preoccupied with her grief. He let go of her hand before the cold sweat kicked in and gave her a half hug. It wasn’t that he liked her, he thought to himself. Any person who would get this close would have made him nervous.


2 P.M. arrived and Greg had called his last patient for the afternoon. The exam room he brought Ingrid’s step-dad, James, to was a nicer, softly lit space. It was for outpatient appointments, but Greg had thought this would keep James calmer. Ingrid’s mother kissed James’ forehead as he stared, slack jawed at the ground. Her eyes glistened, but tears didn’t fall in front of the two men. She walked back out to the waiting room.


“Where am I?” James asks as he takes in the desk and chair across from him. His eyes flicker a moment, as he blinks a few times, slowly.


“This is your appointment with Dr. Grant, James, he’ll be coming in soon.”


“Ok. Thank you.”


Greg makes a motion to leave the room and James yelp, “wait!”
“I don’t want to be alone. Please?”


Greg’s tight-lipped smile betrays his impatience with the man, but there is no one to notice. 


“I’ll be right back, I just need to tell the doctor you’re here.”
“Please don’t leave me here alone,” his voice is shaky, and the pitch rises slightly as he stands up from the couch.


Greg steps towards James to coax him back to the couch. Suddenly James loses his balance. He is about to fall back into the corner of an end table. Greg runs to catch him.


One.


Two.


Three.


James’ arms wrap around his torso. The fear in his eyes turned to rage as he appears to see right through the nurse. Greg can hear his ribs cracking, he knows there is something punctured. He is having trouble breathing. The pain is excruciating, but it doesn’t last long as James finally breaks the vertebrae his fists were pressing against. Greg’s eyes are wide open, bloodshot, the color completely drained from his face. James finally lets go.


---


“This is Pam Schaefer on scene for breaking news. Today marks the 30th anniversary of what some people call the Reckoning of Neo-Reaper, an infamous mass murdering supervillain. He was found dead on the floor of an abandoned warehouse. The murderer was never found, but we have reason to believe the man who committed that murder is 67 year old James Darby, who appears to have recalled the event during a follow up evaluation of his Alzheimer’s, causing him to re-enact the murder on Gregory Jolson, an attending nurse at the hospital psychiatric ward.”
