I turned down yet another path in a seemingly endless series of caverns, finally seeing some form of light at the end of the tunnel. My feet ached and my eyes were sore from squinting in the gloom, but finally there was light. 

Stepping out of the tunnel, I found myself in a massive cavern, lit with torches, ringed with empty thrones meant for awesome and cruel masters. It seemed to stretch upward forever, fading into dark without any sign of end. There was music from somewhere, a soulful and bluesy tune. Reminded me of the songs my dad taught me when I was a kid. I don't know what I expected, but it wasn't this. I expected a little more foot traffic. 

"Excuse me?" I called into the gloom. My words reverberated off the walls and echoed up the chamber. *Something's wrong,* I thought. *One expects some manner of greeting party, maybe an orientation, at the very least some security at the gates of Hell. All I see are stones and flames. I hear nothing the but the wistful notes of the song.* 

"Is anybody home?" I called out again. The music stopped, cut off mid-melody, the last staccato note dying just as a new sound began; the beating of great, heavy wings. The chamber filled with a torrent of air as a shape began to coalesce in the darkness above. A massive beast, larger than any living creature that walks the earth, descended from the black above. His great scaled feet smashed into the earthen floor, large cruel talons digging into the rock. His skin had the red luminescence of magma, and his eyes were rings of flame. 

"You have disturbed my peace, mortal!" the beast cried, his mighty voice shaking the very ground below me. "What seek you in this place? Why come before the great and terrible Lucifer, prince of Darkness?"

He lowered his head to look at me, one great eye fixed upon me. For a moment, fear held me. Then, I cleared my throat and spoke.

"Ahem, well, um, I'm here to file for a B-32 post-Corporeal? I was told I need to bring this to your department directly for approval." I reached into my jacket and pulled out a manila envelope, offering it to him. The lord of darkness sighed a great sigh, bathing me in warm breath. 

"Very well," he said, "give me the document." He took the envelope from my hands and put on his massive, evil eyeglasses. He skimmed through the paperwork for a moment, muttering to himself. 

"Do you have two forms of photo ID with you?" he asked. 

"They're in the envelope," I shouted up to him.

"Hm, yes, so they are." He read for another moment or two. 

"This is your current address on here?" he said, pointing to a line on the paper. I nodded, and he continued reading. I crossed my arms and rock back and forth a little, looking around with the aimless nature of curiosity and boredom. The wait seemed to go on forever. Satan, King of Evil, wrote something in pen on the margins of the paper and handed it back. 

"That looks like it's all in order," he said, "But you'll have to file a P-906 before February if you want to keep your soul after the first 300 centuries."

"Great, thanks," I said. I looked back into the gloom behind me, tucking the envelope back into my pocket. I turned back to Satan for a moment. "Which, um...?" I began. 

"Back through the cave you came through, third tunnel on your right, then two lefts and you're out" he said, then flew back up into the darkness. As I walked back into the cave, I could hear the metal hum of a harmonica from somewhere far away. 

