**Subject: Excited News From Alpha Centauri B**

To: The People on Earth

It is painful for us to hear more about the natural catastrophes, overpopulation, and wars that continue to plague the people on Earth. We hope that significant progress toward peace between the International Union and the uprising rebellions in America and Asia has been made in these past 9 years of light\-speed space correspondence. Our deepest condolences go out to the beautiful home planet and her people as we continue our mission.  

We, the colony on Alpha Centauri B, have made a very important discovery: we have found alien life! Though technically it is we who are alien here and them terrestrial, many are too enthusiastic to not call them aliens. 

A research drone, EagleX, when running routine spectroscopy scans over the southern pole found a deep ice\-filled hole a year ago. Using a combination of adjusted ice\-tunneling and marine equipment, it was discovered that a massive deep\-water reservoir, larger than all Earth's oceans combined, lay 400 meters beneath the rocky surface of the whole southern pole. This underground ocean is warm, at 4 degrees Celsius near its surface to nearly 15 degrees at water depths of 100 m, the deepest our drones have yet achieved. It's salinity is at 40 parts per thousand, very similar to earth's waters, and it contains abundant microbial life at depths around 60 meters. These small life forms are unlike anything ever encountered and have been under analysis by our super AI, Kennedy. The data results are being sent. 

There is evidence that larger forms of life dwell in this underground ocean when a drone picked up low\-frequency sounds that are somewhat akin to whale calls. Further investigation is ongoing, but expensive. Most drones are lost if they traverse too far from the original entry point for reasons yet unknown, and many efforts into building more advanced marine drones are underway. 

The effect this discovery has had on the colony is staggering. Many of those who were originally resentful of our mission, who did not wish to be born into it, have now shown a new optimism for their work and purpose. The people of our colony have become more united, filled with a spirit of excitement and adventure that's almost tangible. They work harder everyday and eagerly await any news that we receive back from drones scanning the underground ocean. For all of us, it is the first time we have encountered anything remotely similar to the nature found on our home planet and as its discoverers we have unanimously decided to name it the "New Pacific". If the International Space Committee has any qualms with that, we will respectfully ignore them.  

With this new source of abundant water \(and potentially food and nourishment\), our mission of establishing a new human civilization here on the planet of Alpha Centauri B seems evermore promising. Although the sacrifices we've had to make as a colony living on a barren world nearly 4 light\-years away from Earth have been harsh, we now realize the utter importance of our purpose which has made it all worth it. We will continue update you all of any new information concerning the discovery of the ocean, AKA the New Pacific. 

Best of wishes. 

From: The Colony on Alpha Centauri B