So I called the credit-card company. 

-- "Oh, hello, my name is Almighty... Yes, yes, God the Almighty. See, I have a complain about an entry on my credit card balance that I don't seem to recognize.... Uh, it has the id bs-1mr and it is costing me 11 cents every month but I have no idea what this... What? that id is for the Brainstorm company?... boy... yes, yes, I'm still here, sorry, I spaced out for a momment. Really old memories... No, no, it is ok, thanks for the information".

I hung up a little mesmerized. BRAINSTORM, really? A long time ago I was a real sucker for their product, an online simulation that was incredibly fun not to say absolutely addictive called Worldcraft. 

Simply put, you could create an entire world down to the tiniest details. I used to spend days and nights on the thing.
 
Then my account got hacked. 

When you are hacked the guys usually sell your stuff and transfer the credits to their account. That's a bummer, but you can recover all (or at least almost all) of everything with a call to the support channel. It happened to a friend of mine and she not only recovered everything but Brainstorm also gave her some cool stuff from their online shop. Those guys were great.

But I wasn't so lucky. The person that hacked into my account was pretty nasty. Instead of selling my stuff, no, he (or she) destroyed everything, simple as that. 

"How do you destroy a planet", you ask, "is there a delete button or something?" Yes, there is a delete button, which I hoped the guy used because I would then call support and they would recover my planet from the logs. Nopes, this guy was cunning. He -- or she -- used a cataclysm to wipe out everything on my planet, a meteor impact or something like that. It was... unrecoverable.

Now, picture this, at that time I was grounded for an entire week -- don't ask, this is a matter for another day -- and was suffocating my anger by furiously playing online. And mostly playing Worldcraft. I became so obsessed with it that I used to sleep over the keyboard sometimes, and there were days that I only got up from my chair to go to the bathroom. I smelled, I looked frantic and responded erratically when people called me at the door. It was seven days straight without leaving the computer and when came sunday, I was really, really tired.

But it was worth it. I had created the perfect world, completely balanced. And populated it with the most amazing creatures I could imagine. 

As any teenager out there, I modeled then after myself, of course. Obviously I changed just a bit here and there, not to make it that blattant. Four limbs instead of eight, for example. Or just a pair of eyes. No wings (well, I left the wings in some of then), no armor... ok, ok, as you can see I went a little overboard sometimes, but I was just being creative, bite me. 

I left the tail in, for instance. And of course they layed eggs. And ovbsiously they fed on each other, as it should be. And the roar! I simply loved when they roared! It gave you an urge to run away like a little girl!

But what made me more proud was how balanced everything was. In the majority of those simulations, it runs for a while then one species takes over, and after some time runnning the species dominates the planet and exhausts its resources. The planet dies. The end. It is really chalenging to create a system that can go on forever, simulation-wise. Brainstorm used to have a Worldcraft competition with hefty prizes for the most balanced simulations, and after seven days working on it, I thought I had a winner. The balance was perfect.

Imagine my surprise when I turned the computer on after a long recovery sleep, and it was all gone. All. Gone. My precious tiny creatures had been simply wiped out off their earth and a dense cloud of debris covered everything. I just couldn't understand what was going on and it took me a while to figure out that it wasn't something I did. I became suspicious when I noticed that there was an entry in the log saying that I was on line a few hours earlier but at that time I was sound asleep, that I was completely sure. 

So, it wasn't me. But who was it then? My sister knew she couldn't go onto my stuff, so I ruled her out. I called a few friends to whom I had given my account credencials (we were buddies, what can I say?), but none of then took the blame. I called my history teacher, who also played and knew everything about the game, and, surprise, he had been hacked also. Something really weird was going on. It seemed someone was hacking onto the more balanced simulations and destroying then in a way that could not be recovered, but why? It became a big scandal and Brainstorm lost most of their player base. And no culprit was ever found, ever, despite all the investigations that followed. 

The hacker destroyed countless planets and vanished from the face of the online world. Lucky for him -- or her -- because millions of players felt nothing but hatred for the guy. Or gal. 

Me, I was simply sad for losing my precious creation after so much work. I still think about my little creatures, sometimes, oh, so fierce!   

In the end I simply canceled my account -- or at least I thought I did -- and moved on with other games, and life, and stuff (I got married in the mean time, oohoo, big guy now!).

But after this morning phone call, after finding out they are still billing me, after all this time? Instead of pissing me off, a wave of nostalgia took over me, like a faint smile. 

Who knows, maybe my old account is active still? And if so, what if my world is still out there? After so many years, maybe the planet has recovered! What if I can sit down on the computer and tweak the simulation as I used to and change parameters, classes, stats, environments? It was so fun!

Hey, what if I can make my tiny creatures arise again? 
