######[](#dropcap)

"Hello, Frank."

The two otters which were working as "Frank's" hands had an impressive combined typing speed. My coworkers were used to handing off data to him when they were too stressed or lazy to do their own reports. Each summary came back to them on clean paper without a single typo or incorrect sum. I still wasn't sure how the otters did it. Yet another mystery to be solved in due time.

The hand otters slipped back into the trenchcoat, and the entire romp turned in its chair to face me. At the top of the coat sat a latex mask of Benedict Cumberbatch, but with pasted-on sideburns and a small scar on its right cheek. As I watched, the mask shifted and rolled around in its place, a sure sign that one of the otters was entering the mask and preparing to speak. For the time being, I decided to always think of the head otter as "Frank," though I was never sure if it was the same otter each time.

"Greetings, Jameson," Frank said.

"It's Jim." I'd told the otters that before, but they never seemed to remember.

"Yes, of course. Did you need something? I was just about to finish the Quarterly Earnings Report. Thrilling stuff, that. Business is booming, so it seems."

"So it seems," I repeated slowly. I hated the otter's voice. It put on a phony British accent, like the chipmunks from Looney Tunes, and its mouth and vocal chords were so small and squeaky they grated on my ears. *Stupid semi-aquatic, weasel-faced carnivores—*

"Out with it, dear boy!" Frank laughed, and I realized I'd just been staring him straight in the face instead of answering. "What goes on?"

"Right, yes. I... do need your help, actually."

"Wonderful!" Each individual hand otter clapped its own paws together in applause. "Never too busy to help out a friend, that's what I say! Let's have it!"

I pulled a file from behind my back. "Are you familiar with the Rothstein, Rothstein, & Williams account?"

"I should say so, yes."

"Well, they're looking into a merger with another company. Not one of ours. But I think you've looked into them before when doing market comparisons between our competitors."

"Ah." The right hand otter was raised up in its sleeve to scratch the chin of the mask. "Well. I'll give you what I can, I suppose. But it was quite a basic write-up. Scant chance you'll find much useful."

"I'll take what I can get."

"Very well."

The trenchcoat turned back to it's computer. The left hand otter took the mouse, and the right hand otter snuggled up against the keyboard, lying on its back.

"Are you at all interested in sports, Jameson?"

"Jim." I paused. I hated making chit-chat with Frank. "Not really."

"Oh, I caught the most wonderful game of football last Saturday. Crystal Palace versus Liverpool! And Liverpool has had such a good winning rate this season."

"I'm really more of an eSports guy."

The left hand otter clicked the mouse several times. "Well, I wouldn't know anything about that, would I? To each their own. But I was wondering if you might be interested in a little watch party I'm organizing next week."

I frowned. "Watch party?"

"Yes! Oh, it will be quite exciting! There will be chicken wings and alcoholic beverages!"

Frank's personal printer started humming as he printed the document I had asked for. I considered his offer. To be honest, it sounded promising. Here was a chance to get to know a little more about the pack of otters that had invaded our office nearly three months ago. To *snoop.* But there was also the risk I might be *caught* snooping.

It wasn't as though I knew what I would be looking for. The situation was so thoroughly absurd to me. I thought back to the week he'd arrived; my boss told us one day that Veronica was retiring and some guy named Frank would be transferred from the Denver office to replace her. It made sense that Veronica was retiring, she was in her sixties and wore a wig to keep from showing her grey hair. But my coworkers and I had never gotten a chance to throw her a goodbye party, and I hadn't heard from her since. It hurt, to be honest. Even though she was significantly older than most of us, she was easy to get along with and fun to talk to.

Then *he* showed up. Or rather *they* did. "Frank" immediately started pushing himself onto us, ingratiating himself, and my coworkers fell all over themselves to accept him. A group of otters in a trenchcoat.

Sometimes I wondered if I was crazy. Not the type of crazy where I would go out of my way to convince people of the truth; no, no, I was too smart for that. I kept my suspicions to myself. But more than once I found myself running through some scenario where, at last, I had gathered enough evidence to cast more than a reasonable suspicion upon Frank. Maybe it would be photographic evidence. Maybe I might uncover some secret conspiracy, bigger than MK-Ultra or Area 51, complete with an irrefutable paper trail. Who could say?

What would happen if no one believed me then?

I put on my best fake smile. "That sounds great!"

"Oh, how delightful!" The hand otters clapped again. "I was just saying to Hannah yesterday, it wouldn't be a party without you!"

"Hannah?"

Frank's hands passed me the freshly-printed paper. "Yes, she will be attending as well. Doesn't that sound lovely?"

"Ah..."

"Pardon me," Frank said. "I shouldn't be so bold, but... is it true you two used to date?"

I narrowed my eyes. I didn't like sharing my personal life with the otters, but it was too easily verifiable to lie to them outright. "...It's true."

"And what was it like? Would you say she's a nice girl?"

"Who wants to know?" I asked, feeling a little *too* much fear creep into my voice.

"Well, I do! Oh, it feels so juvenile to be talking about this in secret, but... I quite fancy her!" The latex mask bobbed up and down. "I think I'm blushing. Does it look like I'm blushing?"

"Not at all."

"It will be nice to see her this weekend, outside the office, but I was hoping to ask her on a proper date soon. You wouldn't mind, would you?"

*Alright, that tears it.* "I would mind, actually." I couldn't let the otters be alone with my coworkers. Who knew what *that* might lead to.

"Oh." The mask sagged, as though the head were looking down, and a few otters started rummaging around near the waistline of the coat. "You still love her, I suppose. I won't stand in the way."

That wasn't true, not really, but it was easier to let the Frank believe it. "Yeah."

"If I may give you a word of advice, Jameson..." The otters stood, awkwardly lumbering towards me in that thick brown trenchcoat that sagged to the ground and smelled of microwaved fish. The sleeves of the coat fell on me, the hand otters each tightly grasping my shoulder as the other otters which formed the arms wriggled into a stable position. "*Carpe diem.* Seize the day. I've been in love before, and I waited far too long to make my move. Don't wait too long to make yours. Someone may take her from you."

I stared directly into the eyeholes of the mask. "Like you?"

The head otter giggled. "No, no, you misunderstand me! I'm not threatening you!" Frank lifted his arms and turned back to his workspace. "I consider you a friend, Jameson. A true, honest friend."

"Right."

Frank extended the handle of his rolling briefcase and tugged it toward the exit. "Well, it's getting close to the lunch hour, isn't it? I heard of an excellent sushi shop not far from here."

It was clearly meant as an invitation. "I brought my own lunch."

"I'll be off, then." The trenchcoat stumbled out, using the briefcase as a crutch as it made its way toward the elevators. I shivered as the otters passed. 

*I consider you a friend, Jameson. A true, honest friend.*

Never in a million years.
***
***
[Visit my sub!](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheCastriffSub)  
[There MAY be more stories about odd businessmen?!?](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheCastriffSub/comments/45o3t6/120_the_banker/)