Whatever anyone thought of me in life, at least they could say I went out doing what I love most, but what I love most is more of a guilty pleasure. I wouldn't exactly be proud of yelling it at the top of my lungs. When I first awoke,  I was surprised I wasn't in cast into a spiral of nothingness, or at least a vast white space. I never was the religious type, so I guess the rampant demons and blazing hellfire and all that was red before me is just what I get for not praising Jesus.

I should've been terrified, seeing my eternal torture has been ready and waiting all this time. However, it was rather underwhelming.
*Is this it? THIS is how I'm spending eternity?*
I could've thought of worse. As I looked around, I was surprised at the lack of tortured souls. Shouldn't there be demons whipping or burning miserable sinners? Where is everybody?
Side note: **Never blink in hell**. As soon I did, two men appeared right before me. The short, aged, bulky one chose to just stare at me, and each second that went by I felt his look creep deeper into me. The tall, lanky, creepy one finally decided to break the silence, "Well well well, if it isn't lucky number *seven*."
"I'm sorry, I don't believe we've met" I said.
"Oh of course, of course!" Said the lanky one. "I'm number three, I'm envy," then with a quick vertical flick of the eyes, he added, "I like your outfit by the way."
"Uuhhhhhhhhh thanks, I guess?" I said with growing suspicion but lowered alarm. "So how come I'm getting the special tour? How come you're not just torturing me already?" A laugh attack finally broke the short one's stare, "oh my god, hehehehahahahaaaa, jeezus"
"What's so funny?" I asked him.
"Don't bother with pride, he doesn---" Envy was interrupted,
"A *FUCKING* hot dog eating competition!" Pride cried out, now holding one arm onto Envy for support. If there was ever a time where I'd blush, now would be that time. 
"Mmyes, quite. It appears you are the first person to die during a eating competition," said Envy, attempting to brush off Pride's hand. 
"What does that mean for me?" I inquired.
Suddenly, from a nearby cliffside, a steam of black muck spouted up and, as it landed, manifested into a man, a man of very intimidating stature.
He held out a hand, "You're Glutton," said the man I can only assume was Wrath, "welcome to the team." He said, as I shook his veiny hand. 

Edit: This is my first post like this so please give me any and all feedback!