Sage and Rue Dunbar were of a rare breed. Their mother was a human, one of the first from Earth to settle on the geostationary cities that lay around the god of planets, Jupiter. Their mother had found love in Esia Emval and she had married there. Her husband, who had been born and raised in Esia Emval was a werewolf. 

If you had met the twins you wouldn’t have realized they were related or anything as unusual as hybrids. Sage Dunbar was tall, taller than most, and his grey tufted ears were tall and pointed. He could feel the Wild, the unexplainable energy that wafted from moonlight. He felt it as strongly as any true lycanite and he was changed when that energy rolled over him. His teeth sharpened, his smell accentuated the points of every scent. He desired meat, he desired the hunt, he was of the pack. He was indistinguishable from the other werewolves who lived on the cities floating in space, above the great planet. 

On the other hand Rue Dunbar resembled her mother, and humanity. Her skin was lightly tanned and her ears rounded and furless. She had a strong sense of smell and her canines were two millimeters longer than average. But there was nothing about her that would make you think she was not human. 

They grew up happy, wanted for nothing, and eventually as they neared adolescence, they became aware that they were not quite like the other children. Sage began to hear things. Anything he heard he never forgot. In a day he knew everything about the people living on his block, in a week he knew everything about the people living in his neighborhood. In a month he could greet half the people in the city by their full names and recite to them their own life story. In two months he could do that to the whole city. Sage’s charisma and charm jumped with his abilities awakening and he gained popularity. He decided to enter the political strata and quickly rose the ranks and became the Mayor of Esia Emval. 

But by that time Rue had long departed the city. At almost the same time Sage learned he could hear the inner howls of other people, Rue discovered her own quirk. She had woken up one morning and rushed over to the hospital to check on the condition of one of her good friends. The hospital had told her that no one by that name was there. Confused she found her friend at home, unharmed. Then two days later that same friend was admitted to the hospital having been in a severe accident. Rue was one of the gifted, she had an ability unique to her. This was uncommon but not unheard of in humans. And she was quickly shipped off to Earth, where she would properly be taught how to control her quirk, and given the title of Witch.

—

Captain Vret Sorrel strode into the Mayors office, responding to his summons. They Mayor was at his desk which was hidden behind so many scrolls and holoprojections that it was easy to assume there was no desk at all, just a mountain of information.

The Mayor did not acknowledge her presence immediately, but Captain Vret Sorrel was not one to cough or announce her own presence. She stood up straighter, kept her ears at attention, and made extra certain to keep her tail in check. It had been known to wag with impatience. 

The Mayors ears twitched and then he looked up from his papers, his eyes suddenly lighting up with joy. A childish grin appeared across his face and he stood up dropping what he had been reading and went to her. 

“Captain, how are you? I’m sorry for not noticing you come in, I was just so absorbed in my texts, I lost track of everything.” Sage said his grin spreading into a wider smile. 

“Not a problem sir, you called for me?” Vret asked.

“Yes, I, er had two things to talk to you about. One more enjoyable than the other, and I must get that one out before my courage fails me.” Sage said.

Vret noticed him pat his pocket as if checking that something were there, and a thought of what he might be about to say flickered across her mind. 

“Yes Sir?” She said, trying not to betray any emotion.

“Do you happen to have any plans for the Jubilee festival tonight?” Sage asked.

“Nothing in particular, why do you ask?” Vret replied.

“Well see, I heard that Kat, my secretary, had been having trouble getting her garden to grow, and I know Jameson is secretly a brilliant green thumb, so I asked him for some tips, and it turns out that Kat’s husband Soario was once in the entertainment business, and he knew Talys who is one of the main players of the Tarragon group, who are putting on a show for the festival. Can you imagine? The great Tarragon players back again in Esia Emval! And so I managed to get two balcony seats, and I was hoping you might join me.” His words had been rapid fire until the last five when he slowed and looked into her eyes, hopeful. 

Vret bit the insides of her cheeks and lost control of her tail which waved back and forth excitedly. “Yes Sage, I’d love to come.” She smiled and blushed. If any of her subordinates had seen her make a face like that his eyes would have fallen out of their sockets. The ever orderly and always stoic Captain Vret Sorrel, making calf-eyes and doe-ears for another lycanite. 

“Yes!” Sage shouted gleefully, then remembered where he was and coughed loudly into his fist.

“Well, then I’ll see you as Ganymede reaches the quarter zenith then, Captain?” he said.

“Sure.” Vret said regaining her composure but not quite full control of her tail. “And the other thing?” she asked.

“Ah yes, this is the more unpleasant business, I’m afraid that a pair of humans seem to be on their way here, bound to arrive this evening.” Sage said his previous happiness seemed to slowly roll off his face.

“Humans? But tonight is Jubilee! What are they thinking?” Vret said her voice full alarm. 

“I suspect it is some sort of mistake, no human would come to Esia Emval on the day of the Jubilee.” he lied. He knew exactly what kind of human would risk coming to Esia Emval on the day of the Jubilee. Witches. And he knew one of the Witches as well. Rue. But he did not tell Vret any of that. Instead he said, “I’m sure they planned to come tomorrow when it was safe, but a mix up in the manifests…” he trailed off and she nodded understanding.

“Well sir it’s not as if this has never happened before. We have protocols in place to keep them alive. I’ll see to it myself that they are kept out of harms way.” Vret said, her voice back to full business. 

“Wonderful, I knew I could count on you. But you should now that these humans are also Witches, so, be thorough in your preparations. They might have thought that their quirks would keep them safe, which might make it harder to persuade them to safety.”

“Witches.” Vret felt the corners of her mouth twisting downwards. “Yes Sir, I’ll keep that in mind. Even Witches shouldn’t be a problem for me this close to Jubilee.”

With a nod, and a half smile remembering their plans for the night she saluted and left the room.

<continued in comment> 