Two shadowy figures hovered over the mummified corpse, gazing at it with a mixture of confusion and concern. "Looks like you have another one," sighed the younger brother. His elder brother shook his head in dismay. "I have no idea how I am supposed to handle this," he huffed. None of the visitors to the South Tyrol Museum paid them any heed. Their attention was focused on the now famous mummy of Ötzi the Iceman.  They could not see the two Reapers.

Death had always been a straightforward procedure. Once the heart stops, Grim Death occurs, and the younger brother severs the soul from the body. Once that soul has been forgotten by all living souls, True Death occurs and the elder brother severs the soul once and for all from our plane of existence. That should be that. And it always was, until one day it wasn't. Somehow humans had found a way to tamper with the system. Humans were inconvenient like that. The Reaper brothers were struggling to adapt.

For the past few millennia, there had been a few humans who were remembered long after death. The brothers had long since learned to handle that. The wandering souls of Socrates and Ghengis Kahn even made for passable dinner companions every century or so. But lately, the humans had started to throw a real monkey wrench in the works. 

Somewhere in the 20th century, humans began to invent all kinds of ingenious ways to muddle the process. They invented machines and procedures to re-start the heart, to keep it pumping, and to even replace it entirely. The definition of "death" became blurred. Who could blame the younger brother for making a few honest mistakes? Pull a soul too soon, and all that is left is a living body in a vegetative state. "Brain Death" the humans called it. Pull a soul too late and it starts to decompose within the dead body leaving a "poltergeist." It used to be so simple: Sever the soul from the body just after the last heartbeat. Now it was a game of chicken against technology - a game the younger brother did not always win.

But the younger brother was not the only Reaper whose job had become more complicated in recent years. The definition of True Death had been called into question as well. One by one, the mummified bodies of people dead for millennia were being unearthed and studied. Their images and stories were shared worldwide on the internet so they were no longer forgotten. They were REMEMBERED. It started with Ginger the Gebelein Man over a hundred years ago. Soon he was followed by the Tollund Bog Man, Lucy Australopithecus, Lady Dai, and countless others. And now here was the mummy called Ötzi. All these people had died and been entirely forgotten. Their souls had been severed from our world. The elder brother had done his job. Now that they had been re-remembered, could their souls return? And perhaps more importantly, should they? After being severed for millennia, would such a soul be angry, or powerful, or feral? 

For the time being, the point was moot. Even if he wanted to bring the souls back, the Reaper had never thought to ask where souls went after being severed. "Another plane of existence," he muttered ruefully at the corpse of Ötzi. "Just where is that supposed to be?"   "Well," his younger brother offered, "You could always follow one and see where it goes."

END OF PART 1


