Getting recognition in the international terrorism community through hard work is akin to getting noticed in entertainment for sheer talent alone. Sure, theoretically speaking, it is quite possible. With enough passion, anyone can leave their mark on the world. In practice, though, this doesn't really hold up. You're more likely to get back-stabbed by someone you trust before you achieve anything. Or blow up at the least convenient moment, fading out as quickly you made yourself known. 

It's a tough life for both entertainers and terrorists. Even the life expectancy is more or less the same! In all honesty, the only difference between the two of them is that when you commit suicide in terrorism, you do it for your ideals, not because you hate your life. Sergei felt relieved, and even pride, because he had the opposite problem now. He didn't have to stage ambushes in the desert, or smuggle prostitutes out of Eastern Europe. He certainly didn't have to wear a bomb vest anymore. No, Sergei had the best problem he could have. He finally had a steady job in terrorism, only it was the most banal thing he could imagine. He was a janitor for E.V.I.L., the new organization he'd just been recruited into. His gray overalls were very comfortable and stylish, with a logo of a blown up Earth embroidered on its back. It was the kind of thing an evil henchman would wear, just like he dreamed of as a child. 

Sergei sighed, moping the metallic floors of the lair's corridor. Who was he kidding? He was a failure. Even when he had been one of the best students at the training camps and recruited some of the best suicide bombers ever seen in the middle east, the only job he could get after a botched mission in Turkey was this, a lowly cleaning position. Sergei told himself it was alright. It was still his field of choice. He was like Madonna now, who worked as a waitress before hitting it big. Part of him hated Madonna, because she represented the very capitalists ideals he fought against, but another respected her for what she'd accomplished. Plus, "Like a Virgin" is a song he enjoyed, even if it was just about a guy with a big dick.

Sergei lifted the mop and strained it into a large yellow bucket. He then wheeled it along the hallway, stopping at a dry spot to continue his work. Sergei shook his head, taking a deep breath. He needed to focus. Self-loathing wouldn't get him anywhere. He needed get noticed by a big boss to launch his career again, just like Madonna. It was this damn underground lair that had him so depressed. Everything was metal. The walls, the floors, the doors. It was a miracle people could remain motivated here. No windows meant that only fluorescent lights illuminated the lair, which, by some godforsaken reason, were too dim and bright at the same time. They even buzzed when turned on for too long! It wasn't all bad, though. Sergei felt grateful for the migraine they gave him, because at least it distracted him from his pathetic life. 

The janitor finished cleaning around a corner, strained his mop again, and looked down the hallway with a grin. Aside from his many skills pertaining to international terrorism, he was also proud of his cleaning abilities. Nobody could clean a murder scene like Sergei could! 

Loud shouting echoed down the hallway. 

Sergei furrowed his brow. This part of the lair was near the computer servers. No one worked around here, so it was usually quiet during these hours. Gunshot! Sergei flinched. This wasn't good. Sergei hid behind the corner, dragging his water bucket along with him. 

An Asian man wearing a black turtleneck sweater then ran through the wet hallway, slipped face-first on the floor, and slid until stopping in front of Sergei. The man groaned. He turned over, gripping his left shoulder with a pained face. It was bleeding from a gunshot wound. A streak of crimson trailed along the path he slid on. Sergei cursed under his breath, rolling his eyes. He would have to mop this hallway again. A bearded man then ran into the hallway and shouted:

"Stop him! That man is a traitor!"

Sergei nodded. "I get credit for his capture, right comrade?"

"Yes," said the man, getting closer while lowering his Walther PPK handgun. "I'll make sure to mention you in the report."

"No," said the bleeding man, "he's lying! *He's* the traitor! I saw him talking into a video comm while hidden in the server room! Now he's trying to kill me!"

"Don't listen to the traitor. He's an Interpol spy. He's known as 'The Cyber-Dragon of the East'. I caught him filling up a pen drive with every operation we've planned for the next four months."

Sergei squinted, shifting his gaze from one man to the other. "I see. I will not listen to traitor, then. Go. Alert other guards. I'll dispose of this scum for you. As janitor, it is my duty to clean up these messes." 

The bearded smiled. "Thank you. You've been a great asset. I'm sure the boss will be pleased with your work."

The bearded man then turned around and started walking away. Sergei sneaked up to him. The bearded man  noticed when it was too late. Sergei locked a choke hold around his neck. The bearded man couldn't break free.  He elbowed Sergei's ribs over and over again. Sergei grit his teeth through the pain, laughing psychotically the more his victim lost strength. 

The bearded man then ran backwards, smashing Sergei into the nearest wall. Sergei lost his grip, but the bearded man had dropped his gun. He lunged for it. Sergei grabbed his mop and swung the wooden handle like a bat, breaking it on the traitor's head. He fainted. Sergei then dragged his dazed opponent over to his bucket, submerging his head into the dirty water until he flailed no more. Silence. The traitor was dead. 

Sergei sighed in relief and walked towards the gun, picking it up. He then turned around and said:

"Sergei misses many things about field work. The smell of gun powder. The traveling. Meeting all kinds of people all over the world. But one thing I don't miss is the traitors."

The Asian man smiled. "Thank you. You saved my life! Not that I'm not grateful, but how did you know I wasn't lying?"

"Easy." Sergei raised the gun and gestured at it. "He used Walther PPK. Only MI6 use pathetic peashooter. They all think they are James Bond or something. Real terrorist uses weapon with stopping power. We can't afford to leave target alive, like happen to you. Also, it's because I believe comrade's words."

"Lucky me, then."

"That is to say," Sergei aimed the gun at the Asian man and cocked it, "I believe other comrade's words, too. Give pen drive, and I let you live."

"I-I don't know what..."

"Don't test me. I know lie when I hear it. Reach into pocket, slowly, and slide it across floor."

The Asian man reached behind his back. He drew a gun. Sergei shot him before he could do anything else. A small part of him still dreaded being wrong, but his years of experience told him his hunch was right. Sergei then inspected the body and found the pen drive. He sighed. More work. He needed to dispose of the bodies and clean the hallway. Again. Now that his mop was broken, he also had to get another handle. 

Sergei smiled. Or maybe not. Maybe this was the last time he needed to clean in this lair. Maybe he didn't even need to clean this up. Maybe, just maybe, it was his lucky day. He then walked through the hallways with light feet, whistling to himself "Like a Virgin".

------------------------

The boss' office was the fanciest room in the lair. Its floor was carpeted with a purple rug and the walls were covered with polished oak. The lighting was warm, comfortable, the complete opposite of the rest of the lair. Sergei waited for his boss on one of the chairs in front of his desk. Once the boss entered the room, Sergei stood up to meet him. 

"No," said the Boss,  "please, remain seated."

Sergei nodded and sat back down. "I hope I didn't cause much trouble. But Sergei misses the field. I will not lie, killing those men was enjoyable."

"Yes, yes." The boss sat on his leather office chair. "I think we can all relate to the thrill of killing a traitor."

"I'm happy I was useful then. Could I stop being janitor now?"

The boss raised an eyebrow. "Are you serious? You expect a promotion after what you just did?"

"Yes! I did good, no?"

"No! No you didn't! Months of planning down the toilet because of an idiot janitor."

Sergei squinted his eyes. "I don't understand problem."

"Of course you don't!" The boss slammed his fist into his desk. "That's because you did something above your pay grade and expected to be useful. I don't pay you to stop traitors, I pay you to clean the bathrooms. That man was supposed to get away with the plans! They were decoys I made to throw off Interpol! Now I have to wait a couple of months before those Interpol fucks send another of their men!"

"Send another traitor? How do you know they will?"

"Because half the staff here are spies! Everyone knows it! Except for them, that is. And apparently you! Hell, my head of Human Resources sends all of our employee files to the CIA! Thankfully, I only give info on other spies. Only the janitorial staff are former terrorists. Our real operatives are never here!"

"Oh..." Sergei lowered his gaze. "I apologize."

"You're damned right you apologize! You're lucky I don't fire you! Now go back and clean the mess you made!"

"Yes, boss."

Sergei stood up and walked towards the door. Maybe he would have a better shot in Hollywood. He could be a stunt double or a special effects guy. Sergei shook his head. That wouldn't work. The last time he worked with a bomb, the suicide vest didn't go off. This was his career. Terrorism was his thing, and he couldn't just quit now. He took a deep breath, opened the door, and shut it behind him. Once outside, he whispered to himself:

"*Cyka blyat.*"

-------------------------------
> If you enjoyed this, you can check out more of my stories over at /r/WeirdEmoKidStories!