"Is this a joke?" I couldn't help but mutter to myself. Holding the letter closer to my face, gripping it half-angrily, half-confused I tried to decipher it. "I bet... I bet Jack set me up to it..." But it couldn't be... It looked too official. It came with the proper wax-seal of the unmistakable shield of Merlin's Academy, a small symbol that would gain or lose detail depending on the angle you viewed it from, and the signature of the principal, Prof. Sebastian McLaughlin. It couldn't have been a joke. Also, these kind of academics don't really like messing around either. They meant what they'd said.

I slowly came to the living room, still looking puzzled at the letter as if waiting for it to tell me something, and said rather faintly "Mom...? I... Think you should look at this..."

I handed her the letter and she took a quick look, noticing the credentials of the sender. "What..." she said, and then turning to me, almost irritated "Why did you contact Merlin's? You know you can't spellcast! We've always told you that!"

"No, but look!" I said pointing at the very words that caused this confusion in the first place "It says right there that I've got some huge potential..."

"I *won't* hear of it!"

We both fell silent. I stared her with the same confused expression I wore while staring the letter. My mother is not particularly rigorous or harsh, so this came as a big surprise to me. It slowly became evident that she knew about my potential, and that she had been hiding it from me all this time. As the thoughts sank in, I said "But why?"

"I said I won't hear of it!" she said, louder this time.

As I was about to respond my father came out of his study and said "It's no use anymore, Ann, the boy already knows!"

"But we were told specifically not to -"

"I know! I know..." he sighed "But they haven't spoken to us in years. We've been left with no further instructions. Let him find out!"

I was becoming rather upset being talked about rather than to. "Find out what?" I intruded "What are you talking about?"

My mother was already obviously annoyed and preferred not to address me. "If you want to tell him, go ahead, but I can't take part in this!" she said briefly before storming off to her room, I could hear her beginning to cry. Fuck.

My dad came over to the couch where my mother had been sitting and invited me to sit. I sat and felt that I was shaking, but couldn't tell exactly why. "Look, son, there is something that you probably need to know about yourself, something me and your mother were tasked with keeping secret." he began "You know that both of us are professors in different fields of academic magic and that our names have some relevance and weight to them, right? So one day I receive a letter, very similar to the one you're holding there, and I hear that your mom receives one too. It's a formal invitation to a meeting with Prof. McLaughlin. As we arrive we see him holding a baby boy, and before we can do or say anything he says 'In my hands is the most powerful being in all of the world', and proceeds to talk about how he would be tempted to use this power for his own gain and how much he feared that and blah blah blah..."

"Okay... " I said "The kid is me, right? I mean, it'd be kind of pointless of you to give me all that backstory to just turn out it's just some random kid."

My father gave a hearty laugh, he clearly wasn't as stressed as my mother. "Well, you've got me. Yes, you were that baby. But don't let that power thing go to your head. Anyway, the professor than told us to take care of - well - you and to never let you know about this." Makes sense, I guess... "And let me tell you, it's not as easy as it sounds, hiding something from someone. Especially something so blatant! We had to wipe your memory a couple of times, put a few magic nullifiers here and there, but eventually these things just stop working. You're getting too smart for the tricks we used to pull on you, and now that McLaughlin just stopped sending us instructions I don't think it's even wise to hide it any longer."

This all came as a strange shock. I felt both extreme happiness and anguish at the same time. It was both scary and exciting to be "the most powerful being in the world", it was both understandable and betraying to discover I had been lied to my entire life. I got light-headed and before I could even notice the room went dark and I stopped feeling anything.

I woke up on the couch, laying down rather awkwardly. As I recovered my senses, I could see three figures standing up talking to one another, likely talking about me. The left-most figure was my mother, whose face was rather swollen from crying, the middle one was my father, who looked rather stressed out and the right-most I could not recognize. It was a slender figure probably breaking fifty, gray hair and fine clothing, looked very high class.

"He's waking up... Hi sweetie... " mom said, without any enthusiasm.

"Isaac? It is an honor to finally meet you." the slender figure said, standing out his hand to me.

I sat down on the couch and forced my self to stand up. My mother tried to tell me not to, but it didn't stop me.   
I shook his hand and said "Huh... Pleasure... I'm sorry, who are you?"

"I am Professor Sebastian McLaughlin, principal at Merlin's Academy. I have learned that you have discovered about your unbridled potential. How would you like to take a special course with The Masters?"