Nathaniel Reed found her at the age of twenty-nine, knowing just what would occur if he met her face to face. Everyone had a choice in life, perhaps two, whether to seek out the perfect one or hiding from their possible killer, never adventuring out in search of their lover, and the choice between the names to seek. Some were easier than others, depending on sexuality, some men lucking into having a woman for one name and a man for the other, the choice of who was their killer almost certain. However, some had to roll the dice, gamble on which would end them.

Nathan stared at the woman laying next to, her back turned to him. Her hair disheveled after their rumpus act, her body relaxed against his touch as his arm slid around her's, pulling her closer. A hand went down to the small of her back, touching the name the first name that appeared, his own signature inked into her skin. There was another, just below it, the name not standing out in his mind. He knew not who he/she may be, however he knew for certain they would kill her. 

The touch of her tattoo caused her to stir from her sleep, rolling over and flashing a slight smile, her eyes closed as she put her forehead onto his. She leaned forward a bit more and gave her partner a tender kiss, parting only after getting her fill. 

"Glad god gave me a couple of tramp stamps." She said with a giggle, touching his face softly, caressing his cheek. 

"Hmmm... Kinda hard for anyone to get a good look at it. Unless they're me." He mused, bringing her closer to his chest, the woman ducking under his chin and planting small kisses across it. One one breast was her name, Elizabeth Wells, the other showing a Eichi Sugimura. She traced stopped her kisses and placed a hand on the one with her name, right above his heart. 

"How wonderful that my name is on your heart... So romantic..." She thought out loud, her finger tracing across the letters, sighing as she rested her head once more. It was not long before she fell asleep again, Nathaniel shifting her off his body and onto the pillow. Once assured that she was completely out, he slipped from the covers and strolled to the bathroom, closing the door before turning on the light. 

The bulbs above the mirror revealed his nude form to the mirror. In the reflection he could see her name on his chest, touching it with fondness before sighing, going to the other name, the 'A' of Sugimura smudged slightly from her kiss, the darkness having hid it from Elizabeth. He frowned and rubbed the rest of his clean, knowing he'd have to reapply it by morning. 

Once cleaned off his chest, the only letters left were those of Elizabeth, and nothing else. 

One name. One fate. 