Part 1 | [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/jraywang/comments/70ozmy/one_last_hero_part_2/)

---

Winning is everything. At least that’s what I had thought until I met Sasha. Before her, no hero had never lived past our encounter. Union City had fallen completely under my control and within two days of meeting her, I had given all of that up.

Sasha was not powerful. She could move faster, punch harder, and jump higher than most, but so could every other hero I faced. If she had a true superpower, it would be her luck. How else could she find the right words at the right time to save her life?

“C’mon,” she had growled the first time we met. Thunder had rumbled like God growling with her. I wouldn’t have minded. It would’ve made an even playing field.

Mud had clung to her face as rain pattered her hair. Blood had seeped from the stomach wound I had given her. I had never gotten one myself, but I had given plenty. They looked like they really hurt.

“It wouldn’t take too much for me to just leave, to turn around and let you be,” I had told her. At one point, that had been my favorite phrase, a victorious remark at the end of battle. Lately, it had gotten rather tiring. Everyone always responded with different variations of living to fight another day.

“You think I’m done?” she had said, one hand pushing against the ground, the other clutching her wound.

I had stared at her. Never before had I met such an idiotic hero. “You think you can still fight?”

She had glared at me, the edges of her lips curled to a dagger’s point. “Who else will?”

And those had been the words. I had gotten tired of the same battles with the same heroes and the same victory speeches. No hero had ever stood up to me past this point and I doubted any hero ever would again. So for the first time in my life, I had spared a hero.

I had walked away as her life had slowly drained out of her wound and she had crumpled back into the mud.

---

The Girl that Survived. That’s what the newspapers called her. According to Union Daily, she was transported to a hospital where the doctors had managed to stitch her up. Unfortunately, they didn’t think she would make it. I sighed. Perhaps she wasn’t so special after all. With nothing else to do, I decided to rob a bank.

Metro Bank was Union City’s largest bank and the only one I had yet to rob. I had planned on making an event out of this one, saving it for some special hero, but that girl was currently in a hospital dying from wounds I had given her. So might as well cross this one off my list.

“Morning,” I announced, slamming open the doors. “I’m here to take everything.”

The security guards froze, their eyes wide and faces pale. There were four of them in total and each held an assault rifle, their fingers itching on the trigger.

“Now I wouldn’t do that if I were you,” I told them. “No hero will save you now.”

To my surprise, they listened. All four dropped their weapons and put up their hands. For a second, I couldn’t breathe. I simply stared.

“Sir,” the bank teller said, snapping me out of my stupor. “No need to break the vault, I’ll open it for you.”

I followed her as she opened the vault and stepped aside. Inside the vault wasn’t just cash, but also security boxes, each one containing the blood, sweat, and tears of a Union City citizen. And they just gave it to me. I turned to question the teller but she was already back on the main floor, hands on her head and nose to the ground.

“What the hell?” I muttered, half-heartedly grabbing a brick of cash.

The biggest, best guarded bank in Union City and this was what its robbery had become. Pathetic.

“Stop!” a familiar voice screamed.

My lips curled into a smile and I turned to see Union City’s last hero. “If it isn’t The Girl who Survived,” I said, clapping my hands.

“I go by Sasha.” She limped toward me, a knife in one hand while balancing against the wall with the other.

“You’re going to fight me in that state,” I said, my brow crunched. “Should I be impressed or insulted?”

She returned me the indomitable look that first convinced me to spare her and a crescent grin cut across her lips. “Why not both?” And she charged.

Her movements came sluggish. Every strike was telegraphed and seemed to hurt her just to swing it. After a minute, without even fighting back, she was on one knee, her teeth grinding together as she clutched her stomach wound.

“You really are a lunatic,” I said, stepping up to her. “You have that kind of wound and you want to stop me?”

“Yeah, I’m the lunatic,” she said, shaking her head. “Not the bank teller who gave you access into these vaults. Not the security guards who refused to lift a finger to protect what Union City had trusted with them. Not you who robs banks even though you never pay for anything in the first place!”

She sprung up, blade-first. I dodged the strike and returned one to her stomach. The blow forced a yelp out her throat before she crumpled to the floor, grabbing at her wound. Even I had felt the pain in that one.

“You hesitated,” she said, shaking. “You’ve gone soft.”

I forced a laugh. “I’m just playing with my food.”

She flung her blade my way. I jerked my head to the side just as its tip grazed by. It stuck into the wall with a metallic thud and ring. A drop of blood crawled down my cheek.

“Too bad,” she said, standing on trembling legs. “Because I won’t hesitate. I promise you that.”

For the second time today, my breath stopped. It would’ve taken only a single blow to finish this, to completely rule Union City, but I couldn’t do it. If Union City had anything of value left, it was glaring right at me.

---

The Girl who Won. Whoever was writing the Union Daily read too much Harry Potter. But it was true. Sasha had forced my retreat and defended the contents of Union Bank. The doctors were still unsure of her recovery, but I was certain she’d be back. She had promised. A girl like her would never break a promise.

I took on a disguise and waited. I didn’t rob banks, didn’t get into fights, I even stopped at crosswalks to wait for the flashing white stick figure. Every now and then, I would pay Sasha a visit. I would peer through hospital windows, listen to the hushed conversations of doctors, and even admitted myself to take the room next to her’s.

“Mr. Dunley,” the nurse said, chart in hand. “You have a special visitor.”

“Visitor?” Given that Mr. Dunley was a made-up name with made-up friends and family, I doubted anybody would want to see me.

“Yeah,” Sasha said, stepping into the room and dragging along an IV drip. “Could you give us some privacy?” she asked the nurse.

“Of course.” The nurse nodded and left.

Sasha closed the door behind her. “What is this?” she asked me. “You getting lonely now?”

“I’m sorry,” I told her in a feeble voice. “I’m not sure you have the right person. I think I’ve seen you in the papers, though I haven’t done much reading lately on account of the glaucoma in the right eye.”

“Cut the shit.”

“How’d you know?”

“You’re not half as clever as you think you are.”

“Fooled everyone else.”

“Anyone can fool these idiots,” she said. “What are you doing here?”

“Though I’d pay The Girl who Won a visit. See how you’re healing up.”

“You stalk all the heroes?” She slipped a knife out of her hospital gown. “Or do you just have a crush?”

I chuckled. The girl had an IV drip still plugged into her body and she had the audacity to challenge me. “You know you can’t win, right? You never could.”

“You want me to look away while you do as you please? It would be smart wouldn’t it? To be just like the security guards at Union Bank. I’d certainly live longer. But if you’re right and I’m losing anyways, I’ll do so on my feet.”

“Wouldn’t you rather live to fight another day?”

“Then who’ll fight today?”

A smile stretched through my face. My fingers trembled with excitement. “You’re something else.”

Right then, I understood why villains had rivals. It had nothing to do with a power stalemate. There would always be one more powerful than the other. It was love.

---

Part 1 | [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/jraywang/comments/70ozmy/one_last_hero_part_2/)

---

---

/r/jraywang for 200+ stories!