PART I


"Who sent you?" A bearded man asks. 

"I am not playing that game." 

"Oh yes, you will. Do you know why people still tortures even though it isn't the most effective way to extract information?"

"Beats me."

"Oh! We got a witty one eh? Well, I will tell you. Because even if we get nothing, we get to see you squirm, you double dealing bastard."

The interrogator makes a beckon and retreats back into the shadow while two men come forward and take turn beating the man who hangs upside down an iron chain. 

The man with the beard stands next to another figure in the dark, lits up a cigarette which illuminates both their faces, revealing a big gash on the other man, olive eyes flashing with a coldness. 

"He is not going to talk. I know his type." The olive-eyed man speaks softly with a flat tone, as if exhausted.

"Who do you reckon he work for. CIA? FSB? Allah forbids the Chinese?" 

The bearded man taps on his cigarette, tiny sparks dance briefly. 

"There are moles in our midst. The French cell got hit hard and there's no other explanation."

"What's the plan?"  

"Martyr. He’s no use to us anyway, why not make him do exactly what he is here to stop?"

"Oh Henry, you devious bastard." The bearded man grins wildly, his face glowing a mellow orange, made especially sinister.

"Hans, we shall do what must be done, insha'Allah."

"Yes, brother. Let us get the show on then." 

Hans whistles for the two men to stop, walking slowly into the light again. He flicks his unfinished cigarette on the heaving chest of the upside down man. 

"You want a smoke? What's your real name, Robert?" Hans squats down. "You know why we don't hit you in the face? You are one lucky son of a bitch. We have some good news for you. See, Robert, you are going to help us." Taking out another cigarette, he puts it into the tortured man's mouth which resumes an even breath.  

Standing up again, Hans snaps his fingers and walks into the shadow once again, this time followed by the clank of a metal door and a brief bluish light on Robert's face. 

--------------------------------------------------------------


Robert could hear the traffics, the rambling of the v8 engine. The jacket wraps him so tight that he finds it hard to breath. Many things race in his head but non of it concerns with the prospect of his own death. He had consigned to fate long ago when he joined the fight. But things had been too chaotic, happening too fast for him to wheel around. All he did do was to parry, parry and parry again, acting on contingencies which threw all his plans into disarray and he is at this critical juncture where he thought he has now less options than a preschooler with his packed lunch. He could see no visible way out now that his cover had been blown. A spy is a dead man walking when his cover is no more and he couldn't help but to regret his minute missteps that took him to where he is now, on the path to a fate that is certain. But his only regret is that he could not have done more, given his life is forfeit the moment he started this journey. The mental image of his wife and kids keeps him calm and collected, now that he could fully construct their faces in his head after many a practice. The outside has become so quiet that he could go to his safe place. The monotony of ambiance makes for an eerie atmosphere, uncomfortable, akward like a date gone bad, paradoxically calming and nauseating. His trance is abruptly put to an end when his awareness caught the inertia of the breaking of the vehicle.       

"Time to play, my boy." It is Hans, his voice extra 'psychotic', the only way he could describe it. 

They pull him down the van rather jerkily but he notes that it is not violent. He smiles at the notion that they don’t want to disturb too much of the c4s. 

"What are you smiling at, dumbass?" Hans slaps him across the face.
"Nothing." Robert replies. 
"Well, let's go." 

Robert glances around, he sees the usual troops. Henry, the 'Cold'; Maurice, the 'French Pain'; William the 'Bombastic'; Albert the 'Sauer Weiner', every time he calls him that, he has to laugh; Kurt the 'Prussian', and of course, Hans the 'Police'. 

It is strange for him to see these faces. Only a day ago they were laughing at his jokes, bickering constantly, making deadly plans together. They felt like his brothers, even though they are enemies to him from the very beginning. He had grown used to their companies, their quirks, their weaknesses. He knows what drives them, he knows their humanness and their inhumane sides. But at the end of the day, he knows that they are the enemies and they will die one way or another. 

"Alright Robert, enough talking. Off you go. Here is the phone. We are going to keep talking to each other like real lovers while you walk over to the plaza. You know what is going to happen. You are not going to get out of this alive. You run, either Albert is gonna sauer you good or I end the call and you go boom boom sooner rather than later. Goodbye, you piece of shit! Walk!"

Robert begins to walk out of the alley. His steps feel heavy even though he does not feel lethargic by a heavy heart induced on the recognition of impeding doom. Maybe his body is fearful while his mind is not. There is a sense of renewal to him; things around him seem to harbor new significance; everywhere the shedding of new lights upon the appearances of the material world. There seems to be muffling of sounds to his ears like having earplugs on but without music. It helps very much to maintaining his peace of mind for he could not see many fork on the path, few alternatives. There is nothing but the calmness, a surreal calm that does not allow him to think; everything is a blank, a peaceful blank, like he has already made up his mind. He sees the passerby, their faces glide pass him as if warping away. It feels absurd; to walk. Absurd about what, he wonders. About walking to one’s death? He had made a promise and he knows that he will keep it to whatever ends. He accepts it gladly now, resolutely determined and walks on like he does on certain sundays, just a stroll to relax and to be out in the world.   

Hans dialed his phone, the phone rings. Looking down at the screen, he breathes a sigh and slides the green icon and raises the device to his ear. 

"Well, hello again, you piece of shit. We are going to spend some quality time together, your last moments. You know you break my heart, Bob. I thought we really had great chemistry together."

"We do, still." Robert smiles. 

"Yes, indeed we do. This is romantic, isn't it?"

"Anything you want to really say to me or you’re just making fillers?"

"Fillers."

"That's fine by me. If you prefer I just hear your breath, I am okay with that."

"No, that's too boring. How about I am going to find your wife and kids and skin them alive?"

Robert's heart skips a beat. Logically he knows right away that it is impossible for Hans to find his 'real' family but if there is anything that constitute his weakness; it is his family.

"Haha! Got ya! Sussex.”

Robert's heart almost stops. This proves that Hans has handle on things more than he lets on. What he fears the most is happening. Nobody could have known his wife's location, herself being undercover as well. 

“No? Oh well, must be close anyway. But I am merciful, killing you would be enough.” Hans breaks the silence, “Any last word? You know, after all that we have been through."

"I have nothing to say to you. Let me talk to Henry."

"Alright, be that way." 

"Henry?"

"Ya, what's up, you piece of shit?"

“I know you are CIA."

"What are you talking about?"

"If you value Irene's life, I suggest you kill that bastard Hans, because he knows and you KNOW how much of a psycho he is."

"Well, aren't you a sweet one. You piece of shit, nothing could get you out of this, so just go kaboom and get it over with. Begging won't save you," Henry turns to speak to Hans, "Can you imagine? This guy is begging for his life, it's that hilarious!" 

Putting his ear back to the phone, Henry asks, "Just keep walking and keep us entertained."

"You know he is capable...Blue on blue, I am Mi6. You are blown like I am. You have to trust me. You can’t let this happen. Blood would be on your hand if you don’t stop this. " Robert whispers rapidly into the phone.

"Shut up."

"Just a heads up. That’s the least I could do, a brother to a brother. Let me talk to Hans again.”

“Where…” Henry stops short and gives the phone back to Hans.

“Well, Bob, I heard you are a scared little piece of shit.”

“Hans, Blue on blue. I am CIA. Henry knows about you, you are BND. He is going to kill you and make sure the attack is carried through. You gotta stop him! You are blown! And he knows about Diane. You gotta kill the bastard now or I fear both of your lives are going to be forfeit!”

“Haha, you are such a jokster even to the end. I almost would miss having you around.” 

(Part II follows as reply.)