Ring ring, ring ring. The dial tone on my phone sounded as I waited for my daughter to pick up. 

"No, you be quiet, you're not supposed to be here!" I heard her say. "Uh, hey Dad."

"Hey there, Elissa," I replied benevolently. "Where are you and your brothers?"

"Uh, my-my brothers aren't here right now, um and I'm just hanging out, here."

I could practically here her wincing at her poor lie. "You know, ancient alien tech doesn't make you good at lying."

"Lying? No, why would I be- shoot, they're here! Roy, get over here, cover me! Um, no, Dad, I'm not-

"Are you in a battle?" I asked, all pretences of kindness gone. 

"Um-"

"Don't you lie to me!"

"Maybe? Look, they were about to mug an old lady, Dad, how was I supposed to know they had super strength?"

I groaned, grabbing my jacket off the coat rack. "Dammit. Did you at least call the police?"

"No, why?"

"Why? Elissa, we've talked about this! The second I get off the phone, I want you to call the police, you hear? Are your brothers there?"

"Yeah, they're both here- gah!"

My ear was filled with loud noises that didn't translate well over the phone. Falling rocks? Maybe a gun? I hoped it wasn't a gun. 

"Elissa?" The sounds continued. "Elissa, are you there?"

For a second, silence. I stood still by the door, straining my ears to hear something, anything. 

And then... "Hey, Dad, you still there?

I let out a breath I hadn't realized I was holding. "Don't scare me like that, dammit! What happened?"

"Oh, the bad guy just charged us. Apparently he can control his muscle size, he just grew as big as a rhino."

"Then have Ralph punch him!"

"He's been punching him Dad, but I think he's stronger than Ralph right now. Oh great, I think his friends came."

"Shoot them!" I was outside now, and just getting into the car. 

"No, that would kill them Dad!" More loud noises. "You know how powerful my suit is!"


"Well, what's Roy doing?"

"He was helping out with the big guy, but he just went to deal with the newcomers."

"What powers do the new guys have?"

"Uh, one of them just turned into a lion, and the other is doing wire works."

"Okay, Elissa, tell Roy and Ralph to deal with the new guys, I want you to finish the big guy." I was on the road now. "By the way, where are you guys?"

"Um, corner of fifth and elm street."

I snorted. "Course you are. I'm on my way."

"What? No, Dad, it's dangerous over- oof!"

I heard the sound of smashing, and maybe rocks again. "Elissa?"

"Ow... he hit me."

"Elissa, get up right now, you know bad guys don't wait."

"Right."

As I came into view of the conflict, my mouth dropped open. The whole street was a mess, with large gaping holes strewn about. The park in the middle was missing trees, which could be found stuck in cars and buildings. "Oh my gosh," I mutter to myself as I stop on the edge of the warzone. 

In the middle of the park, there were 6 figures. One man was huge with bulging muscles and missing a shirt. In front of him was a figure encased in a silver suit, completely featureless. She was lying at the end of a large, newly formed trench. 

A couple yards away, a roaring ape grappled with a boy the size of a bear. Ralph had the advantage over the gorilla at the moment, but who knew when that would change. Meanwhile, a tall thin man jumped off thin air to avoid Roy's lightning fast kick. I could tell from here that Roy's pants were ripped. Jeans were not meant to take that kind of abuse. 

"Screw it," I muttered under my breath, and floored the gas pedal. The car rocked hard as I flew over large holes, furiously wrestling with the steering wheel, trying to find the best path. As I drove past me daughter, I wound down the window and yelled, "Elissa, charge up!" I didn't wait to see her response. 

The wire works man saw me coming from a mile away, and easily leapt over my car. I saw in the rear view mirror, Roy took advantage of the momentary blind spot, and suckerpunched the man as he landed.

 Just Ralph left. As I charged, Ralph saw me coming, and with all his strength, bodily lifted the gorilla from the ground threw him in front of the car. He leapt out of the way just in time. As the full force of the car sent the ape flying, the villain fell unconscious, and he hit the ground as a person. 

Then there was a sound like a cannon. I twisted in my seat to see the huge muscular man go flying into a building, where he hung embedded and unconscious. Elissa was standing with both her arms extended, her fists still glowing from the amount of kinetic energy she had just released.

I opened my car door, and stepped out to examine the damage. Yup, that cars ruined. I wondered how much insurance would cover. 

"Kids!" I roared. "Get over here!"

Slowly my three children approached, all panting hard, and all very apprehensive. They looked more afraid of me than they had been of the villains. 

"You know this was my favorite park right? Elissa you can lose the suit now." 

The featureless silver material began to melt off of her skin, sliding down her body until it gathered in a small silver wrist band. 

"Sorry?" Ralph offered, his voice way too deep for a 14 year old. 

"Apology accepted." I replied. "But you're all grounded, and Elissa, you're paying for your own college."

r/TalesFromGringolandia 