"This may sting.  It's best if you close your eyes for a moment."

I swallowed hard.  "Right.  Of course."  My eyes stayed glued shut, just like Dr. Robinson asked.  She was right, I knew - even with my eyes pinned shut, I could feel the piercing ache of the light beyond.

The *light*.  The simple fact that there was anything at all there for me to *see* nearly had my eyelids springing open, the pain be damned.  I remembered light.  When I was a kid, I could see that much - just blurry, misty figures and shapes on the edge of touching.

It was gone before I hit the age of ten, leaving me in the black.

Until now.

The soft, delicately woven bandages unwrapped from my head one after another, and with every repetition, the light through my closed eyes grew a little stronger.

"There.  Now...just take it slow."  Dr. Robinson's breath was hitched, filled with excitement.  I couldn't blame her.  The operation had been groundbreaking.  Revolutionary.  I'd fought for years to be included in the program, to get the chance I'd always wanted.

To see.

Slowly, carefully, my eyes cracked open.

She sat in front of me.  Her eyes were wide - even without seeing her before, without seeing another human and having the chance to learn their expressions, I could *see* the excitement written across her face.

"Hi," I said, hearing my voice crack.

A smile broke out across her face, right before the tears started rolling down.  "Jesus.  It worked, didn't it?  Tell me it did."

I could only laugh, feeling my own eyes burn.  "H-Hi."

We didn't much done after that, despite the questions I knew they wanted her to ask, despite the clipboard that lay forgotten on the counter.  It took a while for the emotions to bubble down, for things to come back to center.

I didn't have any family to speak of, no one to come share in this moment with me.  It was just the doctor and I, finally, left to sit in her office as she wheeled closer to her papers.

"Oh, I suppose we should start, Olive," she said, reaching for her tools.  "I should get a baseline.  Just sit still, all right?"

"I know the drill," I said dryly.  I did - and Dr. Robinson knew it. She only chuckled, sliding back over and leaning me forward into the array of lenses and gears she pulled closer.

I did my best - to stay focused on the tests, to keep my mind on business rather than the remarkable gift I'd just been given.  My eyes *ached*.  I'd expected that, but even still, it was hard to keep them open.

"Just a little more," the doctor murmured, not turning away from her computer.

A flicker of motion caught my eye, something moving in the corner of my vision.  I jumped, glancing over before I could stop myself.

"What's wrong?"

I forced myself to turn back to Dr. Robinson, to push away the feeling of hairs raising on the back of my neck.  "Oh, it's- nothing.  It's nothing.  Sorry."

"It's understandable," the doctor said, a smile in her voice.  I forced a smile, pressing my face back into the goggles.

And tried to quell the thoughts in the back of my mind.

It was just a blur, just a shadow in the corner of my sight.  I was just *tired*.  That was all.  I'd just gotten *sight*.  My eyes playing tricks on me was expected.

Wasn't it?

"Are you feeling all right?" she said, her tone suddenly clinical.  "You shouldn't push things too hard, not so soon."

"I'm fine.  It's *amazing,*" I whispered.

Something shifted behind me - just a rustling of papers, the slow creak of the building settling.  I jumped, glancing back wide-eyed.

"I think it's just Clara.  She's out in the lobby," Dr. Robinson said half-interestedly, scribbling something on her note sheet.

I raised a slow, trembling hand, offering a smile to the man standing in the doorway.  "Uh...hi."  My grin widened, only a little hysterical.  "Do I- I mean..."  Did I know him.  Was he one of the myriad people whose voices were as familiar to me as my own, but whose faces were unknowns.

"Hmm?  What's that?" the doctor said, glancing up.

"Your assistant," I murmured, feeling my face flush.  "Could you introduce me?"

Dr. Robinson hesitated, her eyes narrowing ever so slightly.  "What's that, now?"

"I don't know his name," I mumbled.  "I-I don't know his face.  Help."

"What do you mean?" she said, more firmly this time.  Her hands landed in her lap.

"Your assistant, damn it.  He's *right there.*"

"Olive, I wouldn't let someone into a session like this.  And I don't have an assistant."  Her eyes were worried, fixed on mine.  "Are you feeling all right?"

The world dropped out from underneath me at her words.  I sat frozen, staring at him.

Slowly, carefully, my eyes dragged across the room, to the corner I'd been looking at before.  My vision wasn't so blurry anymore - and I wasn't trying to cooperate with the doctor anymore.

There was nothing to keep me from seeing the outline of the door in the wall there - one I'd never heard anyone walk through before.  One that as long as I'd been there, for as long as I'd been seeing Dr. Robinson, I'd never felt.  Never heard.

And I was *pretty* sure that doors shouldn't waver, their outlines shimmer like they were half-hidden in shadow.  They shouldn't be just a *little* transparent.

The sound of footsteps had me spinning, springing from my seat on unsteady legs.  The man - the one in the corner.  He'd been listening.  And there was a slow, steady light blossoming in his eyes.  *Recognition.*

He could see me.  He knew that Dr. Robinson couldn't.

And he knew that I could see *him.*

Slowly, painfully slowly, a smile spread across his face from ear to ear.

(/r/inorai, critique always welcome!)