
Earth is caught up in a cosmic war and extraterrestrial life is proven in a fiery battle across the sky. We contribute some small effort, and luckily we chose the right side to team up with. Thanks to forces of "our side" earth is saved and life goes on. Well, sorta. It turns out that earth is kinda unique. Most places don't have a non-military portion of their government, much less an entertainment industry. As such, veterans from the cosmic war choose to come to earth and live out their lives here. We graciously accept them as, well, they literally saved the world. Furthermore, they'd arguably be our only recognized military force. So the World Veterans Bureau was formed with nearly inexhaustible resources to cater to these vets. 

The first wave forgoes the luxury apartments set up for them, as the first veteran is a 5 story tall psychic spider queen teleporting in. Apparently she's used to a cavernous environment and  a stadium fit the bill. They form a "queens hollow" as a rush job and the rest of the vets settle in.   She was the most difficult technical challenge, but an easier social challenge. All she wants to do is eat, be safe, watch TV on the jumbo screen, and have happy horrifying children teleporting around at will and dragging in deer carcases. 

Bob is a little more difficult. Bob wanted a job. And not just any job. When he was in combat it was always the most important person who got the intel first. And it was that person's job as senior member to relay what intel he thought fit to the rest of the unit. Bob envied that. And so Bob wanted to be a newscaster. But Bob was a shock trooper. A 20 foot long quadruped with spikes and a face that was bred to make your instincts scream that this beast was going to kill you. Bob was not "photogenic" and he did not speak English. But the WVB has clout, and if an entire news station is going to suffer just to babysit one alien, then so be it. 

They came for a scoop. The main camera was of course going to be confiscated, and the cameraman likely held at the gate. But Danny had a camera in his tie and Barbara had one in her hair piece. They wanted a peek into the freak show. They didn't account for the mind reader. In any event, they got through security, a little miffed about the tie and a lost hunk of hair, and were instantly paralysed by the sight of a stadium full of the most amazing sights on the planet. Eventually one of the interior guards got their attention. For all intents and purposes, he was a goblin in a space suit. They handed him a letter full of chicken scratches as instructed, and he lead them out onto the floor over to a small mountain of horns and spikes.  "Bob"... "BOB!"... "Alashakasha!"
The mountain jerked awake and retorted: "I tell you call me Bob". The guard only whistled, clicked and jerked a thumb at the reporters before heading back to the gate. 

"AH! An interview! Please, please, come" And the mountain got up and walked over to a rather ornate and incredibly torn up couch. As the mountain reared and fell back onto the couch, Danny recalled a dog imitating a human and wondered if the beast would be able to stand up again. With a creak and a pop, Bob painfully crossed a pair of legs that were not constructed to do so and motions to a chair.

"Yes, welcome. We am glad to be having you here to night. Ours audience is much excited to have yous as guests." The beast bares it teeth and swings it's arms wide.  Lisa stays out of range. Danny sits;   "Audience...?"    "aaahh, is not,  good words?"    ".....Interview.   You're doing an interview. Like you see on the TV.... This, this is a different sort of interview.  Do you want to work in journalism?"

"Yes".   

"Congratulations, you're hired"  Danny looks at the monster as it smiles even wider and wonders just what the hell they're going to do with this guy every 11pm. 