It was late one Thursday evening when I first saw him, a small skinny boy, almost a child just lurking on the edge of the wire fence. I was sitting in the front garden when Logic went nuts barking and pulling at his chain as he always did when people looked at him.

“It's alright!” I called to the boy, grabbing Logic by the scruff of his neck and forcing him back to the ground. Wide eyed in the dusk, the child had jumped back a step, scared by my snarling mutt but now sat down right outside my front yard surprising me. He sat there for an hour or more as I smoked, went inside for a shit and came back out to feed and water Logic. 

He was looking at Logic again, who just sat on his haunches, teeth bared, baffled by the boy who stared at him instead of running as most other people would. Logic was an attack dog and he knew that he was trained to make people run from him so why this small man wasn't confused Logic. I was the only one that didn't run, having trained him from a scared little tailless puppy into his vicious adult self with the aid of some dog treats and a couple of well placed kicks over the years.

The kid still watched as I did my daily pull ups on my front door frame while I waited for the guys to show up as they did every evening. Proper night having settled in at this point, my guys wove their way through the potholes all along the pavement, the kid quietly watching them, looking at their clothes and listening to their banter. The boys had a pizza box with them and Logic stood up ramrod straight again, barking once in way of greeting as they opened the gate and walked up path. 

They reached me and I stood out of the way as they filed into the house. Some matters were better dealt with inside, away from curious eyes and the twitching curtains of people's aunt's who would love to see us locked up. Everyone was inside now, and the kid looking smaller than ever sitting there like the only kid who didn't get a bike. 

I ambled over to the boy and crouched in front of him, noticing some crusty tomato sauce on the corner of his mouth. His uneven cropped sleeves told me that he had tried to make a long sleeved t-shirt into a sleeveless one with a pair of school scissors and that made me smile. Little guy trying to be a hard man. 

“What do you want, son?” I asked him

“I'm hungry.” Shit, the kid was older than I thought. His voice was all up and down like mine was only five years ago when I was growing my short and curlies. 

The kid looked past me, never meeting my gaze, his eye all purple like someone had taken their fist to him. 

“Who did that?” I pointed to his face with the last part of my cigarette. He touched it and winced at the memory.

“Just some kids at school” He looked at me but not in my eyes and smiled the smile of a brave kid.

“Why? Did you steal from them?” I remembered that he had said he was hungry and thought that maybe he had been pinching lunches and pissing kids off.

“No, Sir.” His chin went down. “It's because I'm stupid, Sir.”

“Not good at maths, are yeh?” 

“I'm good at maths.”

“What then?”

“I just don't understand the jokes the kids say.” I had no answer to that so I just said

“You want some pizza?”

He nodded and rose with me as I got off my heels. I opened the gate for him and he smiled at me, a weird smile of a much younger kid, in the bigger body of a boy that was almost a man. 

We gave him pizza that day and he would show up probably five times a week to be fed and to feel part of something, even something he didn't seem to understand. After a while, we would talk as openly as anything in front of him and he would just look at us and smile that much younger kids smile and take another slice, sitting cross legged on the floor and listening and listening. 

I never knew what to make of him. He told me that his name was Declan and that his father lived in a different city and wore fancy suits all of the two times he had met him. His mother lived in the street over and what she did, all of us guys knew. Some would even drop some extra cash, hoping that it would reach Declan. Maybe give a dinner out somewhere or other.

Declan grew like a weed all that summer and ended up bigger than us. Some of the other guys asked him if he'd like to help us and he would say that he loved to help. I always stopped them getting him involved though. See, he didn't seem to understand what was being asked of him. I think he thought that the boys wanted him to help them move house and carry a sofa into the back of Rob's pickup truck for them. 

He actually did help a couple of the guys move once and even smashed a lamp. He turned up the next time with a lamp he had made from some scraps in the alleyway and didn't walk right in as he was used to doing. Instead, he had hovered at the front door waiting for his offering to be accepted and looking as nervous as a squirrel in traffic, shifting from side to side like that. The lamp worked alright though, the kid knew what he was doing with electricity. Not surprising though, the amount of time he spent telling us all about science facts he had read and bringing us books on chemistry that he thought we might like because he liked them so much.

It was September by now and someone's aunt across the street had obviously seen something that was useful because one day as I waiting for the guys to show up, the flashing lights and sirens showed up instead. As they handcuffed me and bent my head down in the time honoured tradition of pushing me into the police car, Declan, sinewy and more weedlike than ever emerged from the alleyway. Smiling that much too young for his age smile, Declan waved at me. It took him a moment or two to notice the police as it always did, Declan was too goddamn focused. Tunnel vision I think it's called. He was always so tunneled, the way he was talking about his science for hours not worrying about any piles money we had laying around or screams from the basement. He was a stupid little smart person, that big old skinny Declan. 



