The news of the soviet victory at the Reichstag had reached his ears at last. He was standing alone in his office in his fortified bunker underneath Berlin's ruins, riminating on his failure, and where he could have possibly gone wrong. It was inevitable. The third reich would fall tonight. As he made his way towards the backroom, his eyes darted around at his officers running around the bunker in panic.  He had finally reached the backroom, and was ready to open it, but hesitated for a second as he thought of his newlywed wife.

Eva. 

He hoped that she would try to surrender to the russians, and not take her life in sorrow and grief.

He finally opened the door to the backroom of the bunker, and slipped inside slowly in resignation. It was inconceivable for him to surrender to Stalin. He would kill himself in an attempt to spare the last of his honor, as a leader, a war hero, an underestimated artist, a husband, etc. However, when he reached the middle of the room, he heard  a creaking sound, followed by a deafening bang. He turned around to find that the door had been shut behind him. He tried twisting the door handle only to find that the person who shut the door had apparently locked it as well, imprisoning the Fuhrer into the backroom of his very own bunker. But alas, it didn't matter anymore. He would die tonight anyway, one way or another.

When he turned around, he finally came face to face with a large bottle of cyanide pills sitting on a small, round table. He twisted the lid off the bottle, put his hand inside, and took out one of the damned pills, putting it in his mouth almost instantly in an attempt to get it over with faster. 

After about a minute of having swallowed the damned capsule, he felt a rumble in his stomach, indicating his impending demise. The rumble eventually transformed into pressure, then pain. The Fuhrer's face became red in strain. A drop of sweat slowly made its way down his forehead. The cramp in his insides seemed to be reaching its peak. But the feeling that came afterwards was not the one he had expected. What he thought would follow the intense discomfort in his stomach was not the feeling of release he underwent at this very instant. He expected to die quickly, without pain. Instead, he felt relieved.

He also felt a slimy liquid slide down his leg.

Adolf Hitler, leader of the Third Reich, had shat his chancellerian pants.

He was confused. Surely, this was a side effect of cyanide, and the angels of paradise would eventually come and claim him. If only they had told him, he would have at least brought a bucket with him in the backroom so that he did not stain his uniform. Eventually, after 5 minutes of waiting, accompanied with the uncomfortable feeling of his own feces caressing his aryan backside and dripping down his legs, he came to the realisation that what he had actually swallowed was not cyanide, but a laxative that had propulsed his last meal right out his intestines.

He decided to closely examine the bottle and see if he could get a clue of what the hell was going on here. After pouring all the pills on the table, he inspected the tag underneath the jar. He read it once. Then again. And again. Surely this must have been a joke. A prank performed by his officers in an attempt at a last laugh before taking their lives. Surely, if he yelled through the door, they would unlock it and offer him the remedy of death he sought. He tried calling out to someone, anyone, for at the very least 10 minutes, as the excrements that tarnished his bottom started to sting his skin, indicating an impending rash. After having his cries for help denied by nothing but silence, and the eventual rumbling of russian artillery pounding the german soil above, he ultimately realised that no one would come, to assist him in his last attempt at saving grace. If this was a prank, it was a very unfunny one.

The tag at the bottom of the jar read: "Only one of those pills is actually cyanide. All the others will just make you shit like crazy. #lolrektshittyfuhrer"
Disregarding that unintellegible last part, he then came to the realization that the tag was quite serious, and that he would have to go through a small mountain of laxatives if he could finally die. Surely there had to be another way. There had to be a quicker, cleaner alternative for him to kill himself. Unfortunately, as he felt the vibrations of the soviet blasts above approach the bunker, he resigned himself to the task at hand. He would not surrender to Stalin, goddamnit. So slowly, he started unbuckling his belt, and removing his sagging, foul-smelling pants.

--------

When the Red Army finally breached the bunker a little over 2 hours later, they made their way through the concrete and steel hallways, shooting any resistance that came along the way. They ultimately reached the backroom in an attempt to either capture the Fuhrer, or at the very least bring his corpse to the Motherland in victory. After breaching down the door, they were almost instantly hit with a gastly stench of excrements. Some soldiers even vomited in extreme repulsion. When they looked inside, they found the german chancellor, Adolf Hitler himself, dead and naked on the floor, his clothes having been discarded in the corner. He was head first in an almost literal mountain of his own feces, having apparently died in this position, and still ejecting fecal matter out his anus. 

That night, as a black smoke covered the skies of Berlin, an expression was created, saying that Adolf Hitler had been a shitty man all the way to his death, and beyond.