True Story: I have adapted the prompt to fit the events of 14 November 2016.


"12:18 am Did you feel the ground move? Massive 6.6 in Hanmer Springs. Felt massive down here, has been felt as far north as Auckland." I scroll down to the next message. "4:04 am Tsunami warning now in place - everyone within 1km of the beach is being told to evacuate. Tsunami sirens going off as well. Staying at home for now, but no chance for sleep, it seems." It must have hit about an hour after I went to sleep. I'm at the other end of the country and didn't feel a thing. Worried, not knowing what could have happened in the hours since then and wanting to make sure she is OK but not wanting to wake her I compose a text message. "Wow. I was asleep. How are you doing?" It's the only way to communicate during a natural disaster. The phones are the first to overload and then people can't get through to the emergency services. Texts are such a small payload of data they go straight through. Not that it matters too much, If it's a big one the roads are so bad horses are the only viable option. 

I quickly check [Geonet.org.nz](http://www.geonet.org.nz). There has been a lot of activity over the last few hours, all over the upper South Island, Wellington and the lower North Island. Nothing over a 3.5. That so small it not worth getting off the couch for. You need a 4.2 before the TV starts to rock on it's stand. The Big One must have hit around 1218 when the first message came through. Opening Reddit I quickly find the thread I knew would be there: [holy shit this is a long one](https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/5cpi8x/holy_shit_this_is_a_long_one/). I can't stop reading. It's already 7:00 am and I need to be heading off to uni. Too bad this is important, I need to know what is happening. We've been through this before with Christchurch in 2010/11, the lecturer will understand if I'm late. 

I jump in the shower thinking about what I've just read. Geonet has upgraded it to a 7.8. That's big. Bigger than the one that hit Christchurch in 2011, demolished the CBD, damaged 2/3 of the housing stocks, sank two entire suburbs and killed 185 people. This one is centred near Culverdon. That's good, it's a small town probably only a few hundred people. Less potential casualties. That area is mostly dairy farms, there are going to be a lot of upset cows. They should be alight, if the ground opens up beneath them they will be able to get out the way. They are certainly better off than the people standing under the brick façades when the February quake hit. They didn't stand a chance with tonnes of bricks raining down on top of them. 

The tsunami didn't eventuate, and the last message from her was at 4:04 am. She's probably asleep now. I want to know how she is but she's had a rough night and I don't want to wake her. 7:13 am, jumping out of the shower I text again, "give me a call when you're up". 

7:40 the phone rings. It's her. I should have left for uni 10 minutes ago, I'm going to be very late today. She's doing well, just lacking in sleep from the aftershocks and tsunami sirens all night. It was a long slow roller, no damage to the house. Christchurch survived this one.

Over the next two weeks the enormity of the damage begins to sink in. Only two people died. Several buildings in Wellington are irreparable. Kaikoura is completely cut off. The coastal road is covered with huge slips. It will takes months or possibly years to get it cleared. The only access is via the inland road which was never designed to take much more than a bullock cart or the odd light car and it will take two weeks before army trucks can get in, let alone civilian cars. A huge section of the seabed rose up out of the water. The poor crayfish and paua are now high and dry. 

If you are thinking of visiting New Zealand, please come. Kaikoura is closed but the rest of the country is fine. Just allow an extra day to get from Picton to Christchurch. Our economy relies on tourism and we need you. 