Nicole sat back in her chair after pouring over her books for the last several hours.  Today was a big day, she knew that her hard work was finally coming back to her. The hours studying in silence, quietly looking over her tomes and printed out copies of long forgotten documents were finally about to pay off.  A smile crossed Nicole's face as she saw the signs from an old friend spell out before her in the dim glow.  

Nicole was born in silence, it was all she had ever known.  The silence she knew did not mean she had a quiet life however.  As a child Nicole had lots of imaginary friends and her parents had considered that she just had an overly active imagination.  Most of these were mundane enough, a talking dinosaur could be explained by her passing the hours in front of the TV, and what little girl doesn't think of lovely woodland creatures.  These delusions would surely subside as she got older and her parents thought it was nice that their daughter had such a vivid imagination. It took away from her loneliness of being unable to communicate with her peers, not many children know sign language after all.  

As Nicole got older her imaginary friends did not fall by the wayside, they became more vivid.  As if by some cruel joke they also started to turn darker, more menacing.  The once happy woodland creatures turned feral, and the dinosaur, well he became more menacing.  It was when Nicole's parents heard a scream come from her room one day that they decided they needed to take her to a doctor.  It was heartbreaking when the had found out the news, their daughter already given a harder lot in life by being deaf was also suffering from acute schizophrenia.  For the next several years they put her on one medication after another, they would work with varying degrees of success for a time, until they simply quit working.  When this happened she would return with her parents to the doctors office and sit in silence while the doctors came up with a new plan for treatment. They prescribed her with a high dose of anti-psychotics and it seemed they had finally found the right combination of complex sounding words that ended in "ine" or "on".

Everything was going great, Nicole had managed to get into the top half of her class and was even registering in some AP and CP classes in high school when suddenly the bottom dropped out of her life again. She was in her car driving home when all at once the world turned strange once again. She knew that rationally there were probably not thousands of rats that appeared in her car as she was driving but that did not make their bites feel any less real. She slammed on her breaks and swerved to the edge of the road, breathing heavily in terror. A monster had appeared in front of her, full of fire, teeth, and horns menacing her as it approached.  She cried out unintelligibly in abject horror at the creature as it approached, praying for salvation and wishing for a better lot in life. As she turned her head into her car seat with tears streaming down her face she felt an explosion behind her, followed by a warm, gentle heat.  When she didn't feel the expected piercing pain from the monster she opened one eye and saw a pair of disembodied glowing gold hands before her. 

"I have heard your plea, you do not need to fear," it signed out with gentile motions. "My name is Elias, and I am here to protect you from these demons."

Nicole sat in her old battered Explorer with wide eyes, she had never seen anything like this. She sat and thought to herself as the glow faded from her view wondering what had just happened.  For the next several days nothing happened, she did not have any more leaks of horrifying visions menacing or chasing her, or really anything else.  A week later Nicole was looking into her college handbooks and deciding where she would apply when she saw the golden hands before her again. They were pointing to particular pamphlet in the stack that she had grabbed but not paid much attention to. Yale she had thought would be firmly outside of her reach. She sat in silence and signed to herself thoughtfully "Why Yale?" 

The hands flicked back into view "You will do well here, you're slated to graduate as a salutatorian if you don't slack. You've asked for my help, and now I need something from you." No sooner had the word "What?" formed in her mind before the hands continued. The fingers traced golden arcs through the air "Be excellent, and listen to me. All I want to do is help." 

Edit: Part 2 is under construction but I have to get more work done right now, I think later tonight I will post more.