“The Greeks weren’t far off, ya know,” Sloane slurred, the water rings staining the bar getting bigger the longer she looked at them, “Gods come down here, knock up a few bitches then piss off back home for a bit.” She sagged forward, her nose millimetres away from the rim of her glass; strawberry and lime cider, the only drink that came back up with a pleasant taste. 

“Yer ‘avin me on,” her short, fat friend chortled, “an’ow would you know anyways?!” Rose was a few drinks ahead of Sloane, her dress unzipped at the back to let her cool off. Her bra looked like it may also open under the strain. 

Sloane smacked her hand down onto the table, leaning in close, “what if I told ya that me Mum was one? That I’m actually two hundred and- two hundred and- uh, over two hundred years old? Then what?” 

“Well I’d call ya a cracker an’ get ya some water or something.” 

“But it’s true,” said Sloane, her words clearer than they had been all evening, her face no longer one of an easy going drunk, but rather someone who suddenly remembered something important. “I thought she was a fairy, but now I know, I’m sure she was one of them gods; she had to be, she was so pretty, and she always smelled like flowers, and I never once saw a wrinkle on her- oh and I hardly ever saw her, she’d always leave me with these weird old ladies...” Sloane was babbling, staring down at her drink. She was so wrapped up in her own head that she didn’t notice Rose’s soft snores, her cheek flattened against the bar. 

“It was so long ago, I shouldn’t really be here ya see, me Mum got hurt bad while she was carryin’ me, and I shouldn’t really know this ‘cause I wasn’t even born yet but I could hear her, and I could hear her crying and singing to me, some song about living beyond death and renewal of life and some shit. I remember things went really quiet for a while, I dunno how long, but when I woke up all I could hear was her begging me not to die.” The edges of her mouth turned down, her furrowed brows reflected back at her from her drink, “and then I was born. Just like that. I think she saved me, but I never got to ask.” 

She drank in silence, hoping that the alcohol would quieten her thoughts for another night. 

~~~sleepy, emotionally drained and getting back into writing so sorry if it’s poop~~~