Wrapping three times on the door did just the tick this time.

“Gives a minute” a voice called from the other side of the oak. “Damn thing’s stiff”.

After some time the door slammed open and Mathis was met by a figure already wearing his secretive robe. 

“Hail, brother!” Mathis said remembering the secret code given to him by Steve.

“Which brother art thou?” the door man asked. 

“I be brother Media”.

“Brother Media, I welcome you. I be brother Doorman”. 

Mathis stepped through the threshold pulling the hood of his secret robe over his head. 

“So is this full on RP or what?”

Brother Doorman chose not to answer and close the door instead. Mathis took this as orders to walk into the main room.

“Alls here, Grand Master!” called Doorman has Mathis took his labeled seat inbetween brother Europe and brother Supply Chain. Both nodded to Mathis, as did the other 20 people sat on the round table. 

In came the Grand Master (or Steve), Mathis knew he was incharge because his robes were red rather than black.

“Brothers!” he greeted them as he set up his projector and laptop.

The first slide projected on the blank wall. It showed a map of the world.

So it’s a game or Risk? Was Mathis’ first thought, until he second slide came up.

The second slide consisted of a plan of attack to secure the city of Birmingham within 2 days and setting up has the headquarters for further expansion.

This is a game Mathis didn’t know. He raised his hand. 

“Brother..?” Steve asked.

“Brother Media” 

“What is it?” Steve sounded puzzled.

“I’m new, can you quickly run me through the rules or do you have a pamphlet or something?” 

“Questions come after the presentation!” a fellow brother called out from the other side of the table.

“Oh do pipe down with that crap, Kevin!” another brother shouted back in response. “Nothing but criticism from you, every day!”

“I just...” is all Kevin could say.

“We should start here, Birmingham is too big, what if the coups don’t work” the brother continued in imitation of a child's voice.

“Never mind” Kevin gave up. 

“Once we secure Birmingham, brother Air from Welsh chapter will helicopter in support, to help us hold out while the Europe coupes take place” Steve began.

“Brother Europe, you’re ready?”

“Spain, France, Germany, Italy, Belgium and the old block could be ours in ten minutes if I asked them” Mathis neighbour replied, pleased with his report. 

“Brother Media, you will take charge of our bot accounts, make sure the people are confused with what's going on, there must be at least 12 stories in the media about what’s happening until his high Royalness is ready to address the world”

“Yer sure” Mathis responded as his phone began to buzz. He took a look to see his social media accounts being updated.

The meeting when on for about an hour, Mathis had lost interest quickly as went through his social media as his account now controlled several thousand others. 

His confusion was only broken when a very large group of well armed soldiers entered the room. 

“You’ll each take a unit of 30 men and secure your relevant targets” the Grand Master said.

This was going to be one hard core role play.      
