Dannos Quill was asleep in his favourite chair when the early-warning alarms tripped. He had set the runes himself, personally inscribing them on the sides of 12-inch candles which he then burned in a mile-wide perimeter around his cottage by the lake. The alarms were tweaked to only detect magical entities of the 4th Order and higher, since he wasn’t worried about mortal threats *per se*.

After all, retired though he may have been, he was still one of the most powerful wizards in the entire Kingdom.

Dannos tottered to the door, threw it open, then stepped out, staff in hand. The sun was just setting, and its rays skewered the calm waters of the lake, unleashing prismatic dragons upon the surface. The birdsong had abruptly ended. He was rooting around in his mind, fretting about which spell he wanted to prepare, when he felt a hand slip over his.

He turned, and Mayna was there, as she always had been. He knew that Mayna would have sensed the disturbance too, but curiously, her face was devoid of emotion. No fear, no sadness, no panic. Their frequent rehearsals must have paid off.

“One, or both?” she asked.

“Both, it seems. At the same time.”

Dannos had pulled back both sleeves, revealing his forearms in turn. And now, the tattoos on each were no longer their usual dull-grey, but had grown livid with energy. The ancient lettering pulsed red-hot, like script writ from running lava, exuberant in its escape from long-dormant volcanoes. 

On his left – SABINE.

On his right – BRENOWAH.

“Are you happy? To finally get this over with?” Mayna asked.

“In a way, in a way… I always knew this day would come. But whatever happens, I think I’ve had a long and fulfilling enough life as it is.”

“Do you really mean that?”

Darren heard the crack in her voice before he saw the doubt in her eyes. He looked down into her pale eyes of blue, and though her hair now ran with streaks of grey, though the wrinkles now crept over her face like the inevitable shadow of night, he could only see the Mayna Firewind he had met all those years ago, in the halls of the Academy.

Brave, out-spoken, resourceful, beautiful Mayna. From rival, to companion, then finally to wife.

“Of course,” Darren said. “My life wouldn’t be the same without you.”

“But… but one of them’s your soulmate,” Mayna said. “When she appears before you, wouldn’t you look upon her and think that perhaps you wasted your entire life here with me, when you could have been with her?”

Darren managed a small laugh. “Ah, you’ve finally revealed which of the two names you’re more worried about.”

Mayna clicked her tongue, then stomped lightly on his foot. “As prophecies go, even if the other one manages to kill you, rest assured that I’ll be sending her along to join you very shortly after that. But the first one… the soulmate…”

Darren looked up into the sky, then reached out with his mind. The two magical entities were closing in, like twin streaks of lightning racing to reach the ground. He still had time.

Just a little, but it was enough. 

“Consider this, my dear Mayna. We all have choices, don’t we? I could have lived my life chained to the prophecy. I could have poured my life into controlling how I meet these two people whose fates are intertwined with mine. I could have spent every waking minute raging against the unfairness of it all. And what sort of man would I be then?”

Mayna chuckled. “Not a very good one, I must say. I would have throttled you long ago.”

“And so you would have. I’ve told you this before, but I’ll say it again. I *chose* my life, in the end. I chose to be with you. We’ve seen it all, haven’t we? We’ve repelled demonic hordes, bloodthirsty invaders. We’ve nipped plagues in the bud, we've unravelled murderous cults. We kept the peace of the kingdom as best as we could, and we did the Academy proud. Side by side, Mayna, we did all that, side by side.”

“But… your soulmate…”

A tiny sob escaped her, and Darren placed his arm around her shoulder, pulling her close. It startled him to think that a woman who had once stared down a dragon by herself, could yet be so vulnerable.

“Never think yourself as less, Mayna. She may be my soulmate, whatever that means, but you are my *love*, my wife. We took what we had, and we made an entire lifetime of memories of it, yes?”

Mayna nodded, and buried her head in his embrace.

“Would it be alright with you if I just fireballed both of them when they arrive?” she asked.

Darren laughed. “I couldn’t stop you if I tried. But aren’t you curious, though? To find out what this damn prophecy means? And why the hell both of them are coming together at the exact same time after a lifetime of managing to avoid me?”

Mayna sighed, then stretched out her left arm. The magic crawled along her skin, and a tiny portal opened at the end of her fingertips. She reached in, then seized her weapon. Her staff, a sturdy oak of whitewood, the opposite of the dirty muskybrown of Darren’s thrillingbark, thumped heavily on the ground.

They chanted together, as effortlessly as if they were one.

Which, in all senses, they were.

The protective spells leapt to life about them, forming a blue film around them, a soap bubble of the gigantic persuasion. In perfect mirror symmetry, they primed their spells. Overhead, two shooting stars, one red, the other blue, sped towards them. It was obvious from their current trajectory that they would end up right in the middle of the lake, side by side.

“Ready?” Darren asked.

“Ready,” Mayna said, as she grinned. “Just like old times.”

---

/r/rarelyfunny 
