"Zombies," Alex joked as the Emergency Alert dictated their safety procedures.  Ms. Kimball shushed him.

 . . . Do not go outside after sundown.  Restrict contact with others.  Do not enter tunnels during.  Do not make any light or noise between 6PM and 8AM.  Military aid is unavailable . . . 

Ms. Kimball addressed the class.  "I'm sure your parents have received the same information, but any student who might be at risk tonight is welcome to stay at the school until dawn."

"What about food?" Christian asked.  

"Volunteers will get food." As she said this the intercom flared to life.  The principal had announced school dismissed so everyone could get home to their families.

Alex sidled over to Beth.  "So what are you doing tonight?"  Beth ignored him, but she did hear that hint of nervousness.  Alex joked when he got nervous.  He joked when he wasn't nervous, too.  "I've got plans to hide in some dark room.  How about you?"

"I'm gonna be here," Beth said.  She, too, struggled to stay calm and nonchalant.  She did not want to be one of those hysterical students who panic and embarrass themselves.  "I don't think it's zombies.  They don't keep to schedules."

"Vampire zombies then," Alex decided.  "And we have free food."

A lot more students had stayed than Beth would have guessed.  Ms. Kimball and several other teachers grouped everyone in the gym.  Coach Statler had dragged out several mats for the students to sleep on.  Ms. Kimball had picked up a microphone and repeated the rules.  Anyone who did not follow instructions would have to wait out the night in the hallways.  And the other kids were taking it seriously.  The collective voices of the gym were quieter and more somber.

"Cell phones must be turned off and put in this bin," Mr. Harland, their biology teacher added.  "We have tape here so people can label their phones.  We'll put them in the office safe."

Beth tried one last time to call her father, who would be sequestered in the city.  All she got was his voicemail.  She told him she was staying at the gym and she would not have her phone on her, so he didn't need to worry if he could not reach her.  

"I love you," she added before she hung up and dropped her labeled phone into the bin.

After demolishing their pizzas, the gym grew even quieter.  The teachers were watching their watches.  They announced "Thirty more minutes," then "twenty more minutes," then "fifteen more minutes."  By then everyone had discarded their trash and taken their place either on the mats or by the walls.  By "five more minutes", everyone fell into an eerie silence.

"One more minute."  

Alex squeezed Beth's hand.

"Ten seconds, nine . . ."

Ms. Kimball stopped counting after five seconds.  She announced the last second by flicking off the lights.



