Don Luca ran a hand through his hair, clear blue eyes scrutinising the whelp of a boy in front of him. Antonio shrunk under his gaze, as a flower does in such cold environments. 

It wasn't lost on him that there couldn't have possibly been two people more different in appearance sitting across from one another; where the Don was broad and imposing, Antonio was diminutive, where Luca had gone to painstaking effort to keep himself as crisp and clean as one could look, Antonio appeared one cut of clothing above homelessness. In honesty, that wasn't far from the truth of matters; Antonio had found no work for five years running at this point. 

The Don gave Antonio's resume one last look-over before plucking the cigarette from his lips. Something caught his eye, making him chuckle. On it, he'd requested everything about the boy, not just qualifications of the academic variety; all the personal, the sensitive and the downright unsavory as well. He likely knew the boy more intimately than his own parents did. "Why do you wish to work for me, *bambino*? What place is there for you amongst criminals? A...." he looked down at the sheet, "...student of literature, such as yourself?"  

*'I want out of this fucking debt.'* Antonio pursed his lips, stumbling on his words as they left him. "I, *umm* - I believe placement amongst your business would p-provide me with valuable work experience and connections. Networking, networking, networking - that's what my mother used to say!" 

Luca raised a brow, reclining into his chair. "I think you have us mistaken, then. What I run isn't a business; it's a *family*. We do not have manager and worker, we have father and child. And when one becomes acquainted with a family, they do not tend to leave. Do you understand what I'm saying?" 

Antonio's lips quirked up in acknowledgment, his head dipping forward like he was about to indulge a secret. "Once you're in, you're in." 

"Simply put." 

*I can live with it, given this economy.* "What's the pay like?"

"Consider it a merit-based system; the more you do, the more I deign to give you." 

"But, like, how *much*? What does everyone else get?" 

Luca shrugged, flicking through some papers on his desk, his eyes no longer on Antonio. "I *could* provide a base for comparison, but the wages of those within the family are strictly confidential, you must understand." 

'*Fuck me once, fuck me twice.'* Antonio gripped the edge of his seat. He *needed* this. "Fine, I get that. No problem, you're all secretive and shit. But what do I actually have to do to be welcomed into the family?" 

Luca's lips broke into a half-moon of a grin, and it was then that Antonio knew he'd asked the wrong question. Luca slid a sheet across the desk, which Antonio picked up to read. 

His face flushed of colour. 

As he read, his fingers shook, barely able to hold the weight the page now bore. 

Luca continued talking, either oblivious or outright ignoring the boy. "My program to pay off the debts of students has had an interesting effect on my family; now everyone wants in, but there aren't just so many pieces to go around. Wheat must be separated from chaff, boy from man. As such, I've devised an aptitude test, if you wish to call it that. All I need is the person on the sheet knocked unconscious, and a picture taken of their body. It doesn't matter how or where you do it, but there are three things I wish to see from you: decisiveness, discretion and, of course, results." 

The page fluttered out of Antonio's hands, drifting to the floor. The boy gulped a knot of tension down before standing up, reaching over to pick the paper up. 

"H-how long do I get?" 

"One month." 

"And if I fail? - as in, to... photograph her."

"Let's not dwell on the specifics of failure. Envision only success." Luca lit another cigarette, his grin benevolent. "Cigarette?" 

Antonio felt like he'd collapse, his head a churning cauldron of emotion that'd explode at any minute. He waved a hand, unable to articulate a response as he stumbled out of the office, paper in hand. 

A few moments later, Luca's Consigliere walked through the door, his face tucked into an overcoat, black shades and a wide-brim hat covering all but a few blonde locks of hair that fell from underneath. He took the cigarette from Luca's mouth, stamping it out. "Stop with that shit." 

"That's no way to treat your Don," Luca frowned. 

"Go fuck yourself." 

The two stared each other down, the silence boiling in the room before it was broken by a chortle from Luca's lips. The Don laughed, as did the Consiliegere; a raucous, hearty sound that didn't stop for a full minute.

"Ahhh," Luca calmed himself, wiping an errant tear from his eye. "How did yours go, Eren?" 

"Chickened out like the last five of 'em." 

"See to that, will you?"

"But of course." Eren cast a glance over his shoulder. "What about that one? Want me to keep tabs?" 

Luca waved a hand in dismissal. "I think he'll be fine." 

Eren took a seat, pushing his glasses down the bridge of his nose and fixing Luca with a stern glare. "I thought I taught you better than to place trust in someone you've just met." 

"You taught me to trust those that are capable, and, well, the boy is indeed capable. Or well suited, rather." 

"That runt? I'd sooner believe you made Donna Vici his target." The rival Donna had been a thorn in Luca's side for some time, but he'd never dared to pluck it out with his own hands for fear of starting a war. 

Luca remained eerily silent, offering a furtive smile to the Consigliere.  

"Oh, you didn't. Tell me you fucking didn't. No, no, no." 

Luca simply shrugged. "Surprisingly, I did. Look." He fumbled through the papers on his desk, producing Antonio's resume and holding it out. "You ought to think better of me on matters such as these. Why do you think I've been offering to fund students? We've finally found an in." 

Eren snatched it from his grasp, reading it over. His eyes widened, and he read it again for good measure. He opened his mouth, but any and all words turned to ash in his throat. 

"An interesting one, for sure," Don Luca said, his voice low. He reached for another cigarette, lighting it and placing it between his lips. "I think it's fair to say he won't be able to refuse this offer. It's a matter of family, in a sense." 

There was a poetic irony to it which Luca knew the literature student would appreciate; Antonio, sent after his University Professor Elizabeth Klein or, in truth, Vici. Master of Arts, Doctor of Philosophy, Widow of the Vicis, as duplicitous as a demon, unknown to the general public, feared by the rest.  

----

**EDIT:** Part 2 down here! https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/8bqokx/wp_a_mob_boss_desperate_for_new_and_young_members/dx9owpt/