“So, Anthony. You were born in space?”

“Yes. My mom met my d –“

“I’m a doctor, not your biographer.”

“Sorry.”

“No need to apologize. It’s just been a long day. I just spent the last 8 hours recreating all my records from nothing because little Jimmy decided now was the time to lose control of his powers.”

“He…?”

“He was born near a volcano,” the doctor replied bluntly.

“Oh,” I said stupidly.

I knew enough about our powers to know what that meant.

31 years ago, an individual called John Timens developed superpowers. He had gained the ability of flight. It was a pretty mild and non-destruction ability. It was fortunate: his case was widely studied and it was decided that Timens was not a threat to humankind. Not long after, more and more individuals were born with superpowers. 

We started to notice a pattern: the powers were based on their place of birth. Born out at sea? You’ll develop superpowers like underwater breathing or the ability to control water.

Born out at a volcano? Well, the only possibility was to develop lava or fire-based powers.

“Do you feel anything?” the doctor asked.

“Not particularly. I mean, what powers would I develop? The power to create vacuums? The power *to suck*?”

He laughed.

“I don’t know. My job has shifted over the years from healthcare to predicting what superpowers teenagers like you would develop, but I really don’t know. I guess we’ll have to wait and see.”

“So, what do we do?”

“Concentrate. Try to feel it in you.”

 “Wow, that’s vague.”

He laughed again.

“I don’t have powers, so I can’t tell you what – wait, you know what? I haven’t tried this before, but it might work…”

He turned towards the door behind him, slid it open and shouted into it. 

“Hey, ALICE! Come out here for a moment!”

“Who’s Alice?”

“She’s my nurse. She also has powers.”

“Aaand… her power is to discover powers?”

“Her power is of molecular disintegration, *but* she can describe to you what your powers should feel like.”

“Molecular… disintegration? How does that even work? She was born near a molecule?”

“You can ask her yourself.”

He stood up and beckoned a 30s-looking lady over. She was slightly shorter than I was, and looked a little bored. Her bob-hair looked like they defied gravity. I choked back a laughter.

I shook her hands and introduced myself, before diving straight into my question.

“Molecular disintegration?”

“Here.”

She placed one of the doctor’s pens on the table, joined the index finger and thumb of both her hands together to form a triangle, then closed her eyes. Right before my eyes, the pen disintegrated. It looked as though it just turned into dust.

“Wha? Wow! Where were you born?”

“Near a molecule.”

I gave her a puzzled look.

“Nah,” she laughed. “I heard you say it. I was born in a molecular lab.”

“Okay…” I said slowly. It still didn’t make much sense, but I just rolled with it. Molecules are everywhere. Just because a lab is designated for experimenting with things on a molecular level, it’s a “molecular lab?”

“Try this. Close your eyes and picture a purple background. Now, visualize a red and a blue dot spiraling in the center of your vision. The dots should be a decently big size. The dots are slowly developing their own streaks of light. Now, they’re spiraling quicker and quicker and they’re turning into an orange mass of colour.”

“Okay… and? I don’t feel anything.”

“Whatever colours you just visualized should be what you see when you’re concentrating on using your powers. As you can imagine, everyone’s imagined colour will be different.”

“Alright,” I said. This is not making any sense whatsoever. But none of this powers thing should anyway.

“Now, visualize the colour and concentrate on an object. Any hand gestures that you think may help are fine. Here, try this pen. Let’s put it on the floor.”

“Hey, Alice! You’re paying for those pens!” the doctor shouted from behind me.

I did as she said. I visualized the purple background, the two dots, and the blob of orange. I held out one hand and pointed it in the general direction of the pen. Suddenly, the colours disappeared.

I opened my eyes. “Wha?” I blurted out, confused at what just happened. The pen was gone. 

“Hey, where’s the pen?”

“So, Anthony,” the doctor started. “I think you somehow developed the power over the space continuum. Alice and I were observing. The pen simply ceased to exist.”

I gave a confused look. That sounded incredibly dangerous and nonsensical. 

“Because I was born in space?”

“You know… I believe it’s not actually where you were born that matters,” the doctor explained, “But what you understand it to be. You can believe that were born in the middle of the sea right now, and you will develop powers related to the sea. Of course, if you believe that space is an ocean, your powers that we term “sea-related” won’t actually be relating to water, because your understanding of the sea is already fundamentally different.”

“What you’re saying is, it doesn’t matter where we were born, but what we associate our birthplace with?”

“Yes.”

“Remember my molecular disintegration?” Alice piped up. “Now that the doctor mentioned it, I think it fits the pattern for my powers. Because the labs were already associated with the idea of molecules, and I knew about that, I developed powers related to it.”

“Alright, now that we’ve gotten that out of the way, we have reasons to believe your powers are incredibly dangerous, so we’ll be letting you run a few more, um, special tests.”

The way he emphasized “special” wasn’t lost on me. I started visualizing the colours again, and pointed it at the doctor.

“Wait! What are yo –“ and the colours disappeared.

“Anthony,” Alice said. “That was uncalled for.”

“You don’t seem shocked. Why?”

“I did that to my own doctor.”

