I pushed the door open with my laptop halfway open, Baba Yetu playing in quiet tones through my headphones. A whiteboard sign with big bubbly letters saying "Conquest Club" in the shape of an arrow pointed me down a corridor. I felt a familiar nervousness about meeting new people, but I pushed forward nevertheless. 

My flipflops made rythmic flapping sounds as I proceed. I saw the door that must be the club and hesitate slightly, checking my phone to see if I am early. Just before I knocked, the door opened. I saw the expectant brown eyes of Jake, my classmate, and noticed several people already sitting in a semi circle around an old fashioned chalkboard. 

"I'm ready to wonder whore." I said, brandishing my laptop. Jake smiled slightly, a knowing look in his eye. 

"I'm glad you decided to join, Kyler." Jake said. I smiled back, glad that he knew my name. 

I stepped past him and find a seat between two others with laptops, and noticed that they had word documents open. Jake stepped out in front of the chalkboard, and smiled at each of us in turn. 

"You brought yourselves hear today in search of different things. Some of you thought this was a game, some of you thought it was a joke, some of you were dragged, but we are now all in this together." There was a glint in his eye, before he turned to the board and started writing. He made a list of all of our names while we sat and waited expectantly. I felt a slight nervousness at the thought that this might be some kind of prank, and got ready to curse myself for not just finding people to play Civ with over the internet. 

As the last name was jotted down, he began to write descriptions. As he got to mine, he paused for a second, before writing 'intelligent empath, general of the west.' I looked at everyone else in confusion as more descriptions were added. Worried glances were passed as more outlandish descriptions followed. 

Jake turned. "No, Kyler, this isn't like Dnd. We're not roleplaying here." he said, responding to my hopeful thought. I tensed up slightly at being called out. "I am going to let you in on something that must remain a secret, at least for a little while. I have been given many gifts. I am able to avail myself to understandings that by all means should be private. I have... super powers." he said quietly. "I can see the future. It's exactly like Dune, Kyler. 100%. But it is so much more than that. I can also see the past, and it is not limited to the lives of my ancestors. I know every moment of all of your lives, the thoughts or feelings you didn't want anybody to know, the things you did you thought you got away with, everything you will ever feel is available to me, Kyler." 

I closed my laptop and get ready to leave. *This will teach me for thinking I could have friends*

"I'll be your friend, Kyler." Jake said. I froze, scared to have thoughts for a second. 

"You can be yourself Kyler, it's nothing I haven't seen before. You find it strange that I am singling you out, don't worry, you'll learn about your new friends in time. They've been briefed for your arrival."

I looked around the room, eyes filled with secret knowledge grinned at me. I started to mentally stammer. *Can you hear this?*

"I can, man. And we have much to speak about, but first I have to prepare you for something. It will not be pleasant, but it needs to be done. Stand up, Kyler." 

I hesitated. Jake sighed. "It's over, man. Your life as you knew it, it's done. You are about to feel a rush like you've never imagined, and then it's going to hurt. Before you ascend, I have to warn you that I've been talking to you for years, and I'll always be there for you in the past, but we couldn't exist at the same time, man. I'm sorry you have to see this, but you're about to see a lot worse." He reached into his jacket and pulled out a pistol.

I screamed internally in fear, and I noticed him wince slightly as he aimed at his head and pulled the trigger. 

___
/r/Periapaopsis for more of this one

