"What's going on?" I asked, casually stepping into a throng of massing students who were clearly livid. We were at a booth, held by this up and coming game developer named AE, or Assholes Everywhere as my friends had taken to calling them. 

Artificial Entertainment made headlines a few months ago when they announced a new type of game, wherein your money would do no good. Sure, you could buy new skins, outfits, and a plethora of useless junk, but in the game itself, that served no real purpose. It didn't help you when push came to shove, and you were staring down the broadsword of another player. 

"We're voicing our opinions!" Tommy said to me matter-of-factly. Like myself, he had joined the beta for this new MMO, *Blade-Rage,* a VR style one that was rather run of the mill, all things considered. Everyone has seen a Magic and Might style game. Everyone's seen the ability to date players and NPCs, and even engage in some PG-13 SFW steamy scenes ooh-la-la. But, innovators, or backwards thinkers depending on your frame of mind, that AE was, they were delivering a different experience. 

"Doing any good?" I took his glare with a smile. Companies often changed their strategies on the whims of their players. Bioticwear had recently enforced stricter models of payment, so that blue collar kids couldn't touch the leaderboards. 

White-Island Studios enforced pay caps, to limit players from playing longer than their cards would allow, and perhaps worst of all was Iberigid, who literally forced players to pay for leveling up in their games. Sure you could *earn* levels, but to actually *progress* to it, break out that credit card. 

I was a bit of a black sheep in this. Not for lack of funding, no, not at all. My mother was an acclaimed neurosurgeon and father an accomplished biochemist. Hell, my mother had been consulted on the VR system that Artificial Entertainment used, to provide a more immersive experience. Boy it sure worked. And I had used those connections to get my friends and I exclusive beta access. That meant 4 lucky randos got left out, but hey, when in Rome...I was a black sheep among my friends and students because I loved the new model.

"We've got to let these asshats know, if they wanna make it in this world, they need to listen to us!" Sherry fired back at me, her blue eyes glowing with rage matched only by the wrinkling of her nose. She had been hit the hardest. A politicians daughter, she typically trumped the leaderboards with a literally limitless credit card. Usually several.

"They're making it pretty well, Sher," I retorted. Despite the backlash, Artificial Entertainment's borderline indie game-a rare move from a triple A studio-had pushed four billion units in its first month. Places like 4chan and Reddit had hyped it to no end, while the mainstream sites flung more hate than any assortment of extremists during voting season. 

"It's time to stop! My dad is suing them!" Christie piped in, "you hear that, Francis!?" she yelled to the president, who struggled to answer questions and deflect hate. Honestly, he did really well. 

"Let him sue," Francis Marcelo responded, somehow silencing the crowd. I smiled again. The dark haired, aged man wasn't phased in the slightest. "I'll pay, so that the real gamers can enjoy their experience. And you can buy the treats. Keep buying the skins to make your characters look pretty. We donate that money to the poor."

He paused a moment, as if drinking in the hatred of dozens of Harvard students provided him sustenance when the treats of nature had long ceased to do so. He inhaled, taking a deep breath to add weight to his next statement. Despite their anger, every student seemed enraptured, eating the crumbs that were his words and wondering what he'd say next. 

"And I've been hearing lot of anger about a particular character...EpicGuy31?" 

The crowd hushed. I felt a familiar rush of heat to my cheeks, the rush I typically get when engaging in a high level boss fight, or a group of players intent on taking me down. I glanced nervously to my friends, immediately feeling like all eyes were on me. 

"Well, if you want to beat him, you'll need to get good at the game. Oh and be sure to keep an eye out for the DLC to our smash game, we're calling it "Tears of
The Fallen."

The crowd seemed to collectively foam at the mouth. 

"This DLC will be completely free, enjoy gamers!" 

I laughed amongst the roars of outrage. It would soon be time for EpicGuy31 to return, and ingest some tears of the fallen.