I stand in the shade of the umbrella the restaurant table provides. Looking over the cars racing across the hot cement. The steam rising from the streets remind me of far sands of home. The heat reminded him too. 

I cross the street. Heading another block towards my destination; a giant glass building with brick walls only barley there but still there. The giant red plus sign on the entry way gave away its purpose.

I reach my destination and stare at the magnificence of human architecture... Of course. I thought the pyramids were impressive and that's just a bunch of mud slapped together. Hmm... Funny how time changes things like that. When I first saw it I was amazed at its simple exsitence. 

- My pocket vibrates -

I reach down to see the notification. I had been speaking with this Romanian girl for awhile and was expecting a text at some point. To my amazing disappointment it was an email. 

Such a small piece of glass and rocks yet somehow more versatile then a god; or son of a god. I wonder what the geniuses at the University of Bologna would say to this. 

"Morning Doctor" a cute nurse says to my right.

I stare at her blankly for a second. 

"Very funny nurse" I say as I sit down in the sidewalk of the hospital and she walks into the building chuckling.

-------

Files are spread out in front of me. As I panic trying to find the next one I need I notice the automatic doors open. I look up to give the new comer my full attention. Jodie walks towards the right hall laughing. 

"What's so funny?" I ask wanting some relief from my stress. She adjusts her direction and heads towards me. 

"I'm just messing with Frank" she responds

"Frank?" I ask "who's that?"

She points towards the man sitting outside the building on the sidewalk.  

"Frank, you know" she says, expecting this to clarify

I turn my head slightly to the side showing my confusion. 

"Well... I thought everyone knew. He was a doctor... somewhere... we think..." She said losing her confidence with each new word passing her lips. 

"You think?" I asked

"Well... We call him Doctor Frank but that's not his name. It's short for Doctor Frankenstein"

"DID HE EXPERIMENT ON PEOPLE" i ask louder then I should in a hospital waiting lobby filled with people. 

"...no. we call him that because for some reason whenever we have a patient who we tell we can't help...well he leaves with them and when they come back... They're cured." 

"That's amazing, Why do you call him Frankenstein then?" I asked

"Well I can't really say his real name..." She said

"Lazus...lazurruas... I don't know" she whispered to herself 





