"Please say it, just this once.." said the person laying on the bed. It was hard enough to breath, yet she still said those six words. "Dad, please.." eight. As many as it would take, until she could hear him say it for the first time.

The blanket reached just below her shoulders with her arms strewn weakly at her side above it. Pale as death, eyes sunken in, and a clean head. She looked alien to him now, nothing giving a hint as to the beautiful girl he raised. Even the ice-blue color of her eyes that would remind him of her mother had gone. But he still loved her. He always had, even if he's never been able to say it. 

"I don't need to say it" and it was true, he didn't. Everything she needed in life and more, he gave in a heartbeat. The death grip of a hug she gave him when he got her first car, he can still feel it. The wet spot from the tears on his shoulder as he comforted a heartbroken teenager, he still felt it. But this was something he couldn't give, regardless of how much he wants to.

"I know.. But I want to hear it." She was getting more tired by the moment. He could hear it in her voice and see it on her face. 

"Your mother was always better at this than me." He wanted to bring himself to smile at the memory of her. The thought of her beautiful warm brown hair that clashed so perfectly with the coldness of her eyes. The press of her lips the first time they kissed, and how much they laughed at the awkwardness afterwards. Her voice was so soft. He could still hear the curses she wished upon him when she was in labour with their only daughter. He thought she even looked beautiful then, all bloated and sweaty, screaming to high heaven. The only thing he wanted in that moment was to smile. But it all withered away. Her hair went first, her soft lips dried up, her voice grew strained, and she lost more weight then he thought she had. He could see her every time he looked at his daughter in bed. 

"You've always looked like her. Do you remember her? No.. of course you don't. You were so young when she passed." His eyes began to fill with water but he refused to let himself cry, not in front of her. Not right now. "You were such a strong baby, coming into this world kicking and screaming.. it was the worst nine months of her life carrying you, but she was never happier.. we knew it was heritable, but we didn't know she was sick yet. God you were so strong.. Even though you were crying your eyes out, the doctor still gave you a little tap and you hit right back. To this day that was still the hardest I've ever laughed." But still, not even a smile would grace his face. "I was sure you'd never be sick. You were too god damn strong and full of life."

Her eyes were closed now and her breaths came slower and slower. It was just him with the company of the occasional beep of the heartbeat monitor, but that, he feared, would leave him soon too. 

"Motherfucker" he said to himself, shaking his head with the first tear rolling down his cheek and the realization came to him he won't be leaving this room either. 

"She loved you so much, honey. So damn much.. You were the only thing that kept her going as long as she did." He took a step closer to the edge of the bed, wiping his face before leaning down to place one last kiss on her forehead.

 "I hope you can hear me in there." He said and sat on the edge of the bed. He took her hand in his and held it for what felt like an eternity. Her fingers were so thin now and he made sure not to break anything by holding her too tight. 

"I love you" 

