"Billy," I said, rolling my eyes, "that's very funny and all, but we are in public young man. You remember what we said about this right?"

Billy's eyes promptly returned to his normal blue and my memories of him returned. I once again count my blessings that the mind wipe gives me just enough information to get out of it. While Billy enjoyed his ice cream, vanilla chocolate swirl his favourite, i thought about our situation.

His mother was a demon, sent to earth to trick me into giving hell my soul. However, we fell in love and eloped instead. Things swiftly fell apart a few years and a pregnancy later. We shouldn't have rushed into things I guess, but I was left custody of the kid in the divorce. Being half demon and all, Billy's favourite trick is the "Elder God Mindwipe."

He isn't evil or anything though, on the contrary, Billy was quite well behaved. I looked down at him, noticing his grip tightening and his eyes getting sadder. The pre-school must be close. I looked him in the eye and stuck my tongue out, getting a laugh out of the little tyke. The rest of the trip flew by, but I always wonder if he's going to be ok.

-----------------------------------------------------------

"To be honest, I think the kid just misses his mom" Jesus said, reaching for another nacho. I sighed and pushed the plate in his direction. "What can I do about it though?" I said, scowling, "it's not like we can just hop on a train to hell!" 

Jesus suddenly looked very suspicious, for only an instant though. You don't escape heaven and live among mortals for centuries without getting good at lying. Fortunately, I had training from a demon that enjoyed affairs. 

"Jesus Christ! Are you telling me there is a train to hell?" I exclaimed. "What have I told you about taking my name in vain like that!?" He said, visibly uncomfortable, "And maybe, alright!" He pushed the nachos back in my direction

This was it! I thought, possibilities reeling. This was my chance to give the kid a smile! His birthday was coming up as well, perfect! Finally, things seemes to be looking up.

That's when my coffee turned into blood.

