Lily always had a thing for mischief. 

In high school she would hide under that sly smile of hers, watching the innocent get blamed for her carefully planned antics. She was a ghost amidst the currents of students. But, if you were fortunate enough to spot her doodling alone in the corners, you would be hopping from graveyards to haunted houses. 

We fell in stupid love together.

Soon, I became her partner in crime. I still remember Danny Dunning's tears when old teacher Senchal sent him to detention, convinced that it had been him who released the rodent.

It had been twenty years since we broke up. Lily now sat at the other side of the desk. Her relentless beauty had aged like a good scotch; but her silly passion for mischief had turned into a nefarious syndicate of crime -- which she ran.

"Robert! You look terrible," Lily said and smiled. God, that smile.

I smirked, "Coming from you, I take that as a great compliment," I said and chuckled. "So, you are running a crime syndicate now?"

"Yes! Isn't it wonderful? I get to doodle all day and get paid for it. It's just like what we did in high school," she said. "Honestly, you would be surprised how similar it is."

I drew my lips into a line and flinched slightly, she didn't believe her words, didn't she? "You could say such things, but now you have thugs involved, willing to harm people," I said. "That's not quite the same in my opinion."

Lily sputtered and raised an eyebrow. "Do you think me a fool that can't come up with a plan where no one gets hurt?"

I tugged the collar of my shirt and swallowed. "I...I trust your abilities, I've been a part of them. But still, it *is* wrong to rob banks and such."

She sighed deeply. "Listen Rob, we both know why you came here, and we both know it wasn't to pay me a simple visit."

"It wasn't? This is news to me."

Lily slid a bunch of papers across the desk. "Sign them. I missed my partner in crime," she said and smiled her sly smile.

Fuck.

I grabbed the pen.

------------------------------

/r/therobertfall for more stories!
