"Oh I'm sure she's a lovely lady!" said my father as he bought a tiger-skin carpet at the rich man's bazar.

"Sure. I'm sure she is. But why is the daughter of a king marrying just some old sod who is the son of a merchant?" said I, the poor old sod.

"RICH merchant, my son, you forgot to say rich" siad my father as he bought a two-piece diamond encrusted water flask.

"Sure, but why? Why me? Did she fall in love with me or something from afar? Do I even look that good for a princess?"

"I mean, it is the fifth princess after all. It's not like you'll become king or anything but we, ahem, you will be rich!" said my father as he bought a gold chandelier.

"Is there any point even reasoning with you anymore? Put that silly ruby necklace down father and listen to me! I haven't even seen this princess. Have you?"

This time my father bought a jade teacup, promptly ignoring me.

He ignored me throughout the way back home. He ignored me for a whole week. He broke his ignorance to tell me that I'm coming to see the 'does looks even matter anyway?' princess but then continued to ignore me on the way to the castle. Then, at the gates of the castle he told the guards to ignore me while actually ignoring me. We were then escorted to the supposed bedroom of the bride.

To the surprise of me and my father, it was empty.

"We wish for your son to stay here while the king addresses you", said one of the guards.

I was thrown into a room while being ignored, which is not that great a feeling. The room, unsurprisingly ignored me with it's awful silence.

As the day came to a close and the sun went down, I was served tea and snacks by a lady who politely ignored me. I felt great.

"Someone being polite to me", I said, "that's new."

It didn't seem so strange to me that they took such a long time. The night was fully upon the land. The wind circulated the room by making it's entrance at the grand window. The neatly arranged pillows and cushions decorated the soft bed. I helped myself to a good food after the polite lady gave me some dinner.

I saw the other wing of the castle, with each window lighted up with torches. The light in many of the rooms changed constantly, suggesting the presence of other occupants, doing whatever occupants at a castle of the king do.

The moon irritated me. It's annoying light invaded a part of the floor. I had enough. I decided to go exploring.

As I turned the handle of the door, it didn't open. It was ignoring me.

"They didn't tell you to ignore me too now, did they, door?"

The door ignored me further.

"I mean, I just came in here a while ago, I should just as freely be able to come out!"

The door didn't seem to change it's viewpoint. I was bad at debates so I didn't bother. Things acting like solid walls can't have their opinion changed.

But the windows. The windows not only let the wonderful wind in, and also the unbelievably irritating moonshine. The window doesn't discriminate.

As I peeked my head out the window, I felt satisfied that at least someone, or rather something, had let me be heard. From that day on, windows had earned my respect.

I took away the cases for the cushions. I ignored their non-existant pleas to return their covers back. So that's how it felt like to ignore people?

I embraced escape and built a rope of the covers. I did it often as a kid, to sneak away into the night.

The ground wasn't too far down, but just far enough to not be close enough. I started scaling the wall, slowly. I passed two windows. One with the polite lady, who still ignored me, and one empty. It was just before I reached the ground that I realised that I hadn't checked for guards. As I frantically look around, I see a person hanging from a cloth, scaling the window, just like I.

Apprehensively, after I carefully reached the ground, I approached the figure.

"Hello. Are you the fifth princess of the king?"

The figure looked at me cautiously and replied, "Wouldn't you know?"

"Why would I? Oh, and thanks for not ignoring me."

The figure, a woman around the same age as mine, frowned upon the last statement and ignored it, "because you're the fifth prince, aren't you?"

"Why would I be the fifth prince? Wait a minute, are you Jane?", said I as my eyes got used to the surrounding darkness.

"Wait, Robert, is that you? What are you doing here?"

"I was supposed to get married to the fifth princess."

"Oh I see, I was supposed to marry the fifth prince."

"That's odd. I don't remember the king having so many children."

"Me too. Wait..."

"Wait for what?", I said, as I carefully look around. I noticed some guards coming along and we hid ourselves in a nearby bush.

"Both our fathers are prominent merchants, yes?"

"Yeah. More or less. Yours was richer though."

"Indeed, but maybe the king wants the companies that our fathers own."

"Hmm. Maybe he just..."

However, before I could present my thought, I saw a disturbing scene. My father and Jane's father, covered in blood, getting carried by guards.

Jane and I moved soon to another country, got married, and named our children after different kinds of windows. I never ever got ignored ever again.