It started as a small shrine. Just a few sticks and a tiny altar. Frank went to sleep that night wondering if anything would come of it. The harvest would be over a month from now and it was coming along nicely, but some divine help would always be welcome, right?

Frank woke up well rested the next day. Usually the sunlight woke him up early in the morning. But on this morning shade was pouring through his window. "Shade?" He thought, but quickly dismissed that thought. He needed a shower and some coffee to get his head sorted out. Today was going to be a casual day. Just need to check on the chickens, the pigs and then the cows. After that some relaxing. It was early autumn. 

Breakfast was the usual. Black coffee, some baked eggs and some leftover bread. The smell of baking the eggs was usually what got Frank fired up in the morning. The coffee was just there to seal the deal.

After breakfast it was time to head out. Frank was already wearing his usual overalls. He just needed his hat, and he could do his rounds. He quickly grabbed his hat and headed out. But when he closed the door and turned around he was frozen in his footsteps. The spot where he build that small altar that day before was now home to an impressive large deciduous tree. It's trunk must have been as thick as his house. It's branches spread far and wide. And it's leafs were colored from amber to gold in the morning glow.

Without much thought he felt like he had to investigate. The pets could wait. They usually minded their business after all. After approaching the tree he noticed the altar was still there, slightly dislodged by the roots of the tree. "H-Hello?" Frank called out. But there was no response. Just the wind blowing some leafs. He walked around the tree, searching for clues. Clearly he must be going crazy. "Trees aren't supposed to appear overnight." he muttered to himself. As though those words would convince him that this tree wasn't real. As he slowly got around the tree he noticed a small crevice between the roots. Perhaps wherever the tree came from had left some clues for him inside.

Anxiously, frank called out into the darkness between the roots: "Hello? Is there anyone in here?". And like the gods he knew the day before, nobody answered. Yet determined to find out, he proceeded further into the darkness. 

A moment later, as he was casually skulking forward into the darkness he briefly noticed he didn't have any ground where he tried stepping. The result of this action was him trying desperately to grasp to anything around him. This catastrophically failed, and the reaction was him tumbling down a rabbit hole. Screaming. "Waaaaahhhh!"

His crash came down rather softly into a small grove underneath the tree. This area was illuminated by small fireflies and a few candles. The room was a beautiful lush green, with various flowers decorating the wall. Almost as if they where desiring or granted a presence in this lustrous environment. The scents they spread protruded the autumn winds and carried with them fragrances such as Jasmine, roses, lavender and tulips. It was rather pleasant, frank thought to himself. And then he heard it. 

Something behind him had moved. He quickly turned around, and found himself staring into a big round bear-looking creature. It's colour was grey, with a yellow-whiteish belly. The bear, obviously interested in what stumbled into his hole looked straight at him with big round eyes. Frank thought quickly and decided to extend his arm: "Hello, I am your neighbour, Frank." The bear, clearly a cut above the rest of his race politely grabbed his hand and responded: TO TO RO.

And that's how I met my neighbour, totoro.