"Your majesty, there is something that demands your immediate attention."

Of course there was. 

I put down the book I was reading (*Excessively Smashing Adventures*), and raised an eyebrow at Jim. Who was bowing so deeply that he looked like he was going to fall over any moment. 

"Well then, go on," I said, "what needs my attention at this hour?" I doubted it was anything actually serious considering I didn't have a riot at hand and Jim wasn't bleeding out.  

"Yes, sir," Jim said, straightening,  "this evening the townsfolk reported a strange man who didn't speak our language, wore strange clothes, and appeared to be making strange hand movements."

I started to massage my temples - I knew exactly where this was going. 

"The guards came and arrested him, your highness, but he kept shouting at them, cursing them, all while doing those," Jim hesitated and moved his fingers erratically to illustrate, "mysterious hand gestures." Jim was now scowling, his lips twisted, his eyebrows furrowed. "We would've of course, summarily executed this warlock, but for your decree, your highness."

"Do you have an issue with that, Jim?" I said, treating him to my regal gaze. It involved wide eyes and utterly blank expression - it was incredible how uncomfortable it made people. And to think mother had said watching plays was a waste of time.

"No, no of course not your highness," he said, bowing, impossibly, even lower than he had been last time, "I was merely...err." I let him struggle with it. My father's time had been host to some of the biggest witch hunts in memory. Thousands had died, including the Eliza - the old head of the actors' troupe I used to run away to see once in a while. She'd always been kind, always willing to bear mother's wrath claiming that she was the one who'd called me, not that I'd just wanted to skip history lessons. 

When I went to see her again, her charred corpse was hung up in the courtyard. It's a scene that's burnt into my head. I'd walked to the guild building and found the outdoor stage where the actors practiced, deserted. I'd dismissed Ms. Eliza as a prop on the stage for a moment, but when I looked closer I saw...

It had been my first decree that all witch burning had to be approved by the king himself. Banning them was out of the question - I would be ousted before I had even begun. 

"Your majesty...." Jim said, and I was jostled back to reality. 

"Yes, yes," I snapped, "take me to this *witch,*" putting as much sarcasm as I could into my voice. 

"Yes, yes of course," he said, "if his Highness will follow me..."

I stalked after Jim as we walked down the winding hallways. The servants bowed to me as I passed - the hallways becoming less and less, well, regal. We went from well carpeted to smooth tile, to just stone. I wished I'd brought my cloak with me. 

After much too long we arrived to the prison where the "witch" was imprisoned. Luckily he hadn't been put deep in the dungeons yet, probably because they'd known I would come and see him. I saw him and frowned, though. He really was dressed strangely. His trousers hugged his legs and were a deep blue. He did wear a shirt, though it seemed to be made of a strange material. His dark eyes were brimming with tears and his hair was matted. 

When he saw me, he spoke haltingly, almost as if he were slurring, but still in a language I did not understand. All the while his hands were moving like wild, but again, I had no idea what he was doing. Before I could say anything Jim hit the man with a cane through the bars of cell. 

"You will not attempt to bewitch his Highness!" he snarled. 

"Jim!" I gasped and wrenched the cane from his hand. "He's just trying to communicate!" 

"How can you say that!" Jim practically shouted," Look at him, he's strange, he speaks strangely and he's clearly casting spells, are you blind, you-"

It was at that moment he realized who he was talking to. There was pin drop silence. A couple of servants were staring from the hallway and the guards were openly gaping at him. Even the "witch" was staring at Jim. 

All color drained from his face. 

"Your highness...I-"

I held up my hand. "Pack up your things, Jim."

"Your Highness, I-"

I gave him the regal stare again, courtesy of Ms. Eliza, and Jim shut up. He merely bowed and walked away as quickly as he could without looking like he was running. 

I looked to the witch and smiled at him. This gesture he seemed to understand and he smiled back. I did what I always do with the witches - the only thing that would honor the memory of Ms. Eliza and all the witches who had burned for the prejudices of people like Jim. 

***
(minor edits) 

If you enjoyed, check out [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/)  