Emperor Zia Slaughters people every day (day,day)

I watch it all and there is nothing I can say (say, say)

I gain his trust so I can end his reign

He's trying to take over all the land

But one day he arrived in the rain

He ruined all that I planned

Time doesn't ever wait

Between the slayers

and the saints

It flows in waves and it goes

His'try rewritten everyday

Zia laughs and we cry and we break and we live with our woes

And if there's a reason my hands are clean after he died

I'll have to be alright with it. 

I'll just be alright with it. 

My grandfather was a hardworking farmer (farmer farmer farmer)

But there are things that happen when taxes aren't paid. 

My mother was at his service, My father was cut at the neck 

When they died they left no instructions just a burning in my chest. 

Time doesn't ever wait

Between the Slayers

and the saints

It flows in waves and it goes

His'try rewritten everyday

Zia laughs and we cry and we break and we live with our woes

And if there's a reason my hands are clean after he died

I'll have to be alright with it. 

I'll just be alright with it.

Missed it. Missed it. Missed it!

I had one goal in my whole life!

(Missed it. Missed it. Missed it! Missed it!)

I was a day away I was going to end this strife!

(Missed it. Missed it. Missed it. Missed it!)

Zia collapsed with a bolt stuck through his chest!

(Miss. Miss. Miss)

Archibald timed a precise and fatal shot! 

(Shot. Shot. Shot.)

Across the courtyard hidden in the pouring rain!

(Rain, Rain, Rain, Rain)

Archibald had one chance and saved the land

(Land, land, land)

What is it like in his shoes?

Archibald claimed the accolades.

He is our hero for decades.

He saves and he saves and he saves

and now he guides us everyday

Archibald's king

He treats us kind and for us he slaves

And if there's a reason 

My hands are clean during this whole scene then Godamnit

I'm Alright with it

EDIT: Not exactly original but I've always been too afraid and thought it was time to write something. 