As the pasta water came to a boil I reached for my iPhone, "Siri, set a timer for 8 minutes please." 

"*Okay, I set a timer for 8 minutes.*" 

I released the home button and began to walk back towards the kitchen, giving Siri a small "thank you".

"*No problem Nana!*" I stopped. Turned around, and walked back to my iPhone. Sure enough, the screen showed Siri's response - but I hadn't had the button pressed. Stranger, I thought, she didn't use my full name, 'Naomi'. 

"Hey baaaabe?" I called my boyfriend downstairs, "Did you change the settings on Siri?"

"Not this time."

"Really? You didn't change my nickname again?" I thought back to the time he told Siri to call me 'Mr. Poopy Butthole'.

"Nope." I gave him a look of skepticism and he put his hands up in surrender, "Promise!" 

"Huh, weird. She called me 'Nana' ... " A nickname only my closest friends use.

"Maybe there was an update," he picked up my phone, "and now she can pick up information from comments on Facebook or something."

"Maybe ... she also responded without me holding down the button."

"Yea, she can respond if you just say 'Siri'. I can turn that off if it's freaking you out." He playfully stuck his tongue out at me.

"But I didn't say - "

"*How can I help you Nana?*"

"See! Nana!"

"When was your last update?" My boyfriend asked.

"*I received an update at sixteen zero eight standard time, today.*"

"Huh - must've been an auto-update, I don't remember that happening." Weird, normally auto-updates occur at night - and are also so picky about being on the charger when it happens. My boyfriend continued to ask Siri questions about her recent update.

"Siri, pull up a snapshot of your update."

"*I'm sorry, I didn't get that.*"

"Siri. Latest. Update. Snapshot." He enunciated each word, "Looks like this update didn't make her any smarter."

"*I'm sorry Josh, can you repeat your question?*"

"Woah." My eyes went wide, how did she - Suddenly, Josh slumped to the floor with a loud thud and my phone slid a few feet away. "JOSH!" I went to turn him over onto his back, "Josh? Hey baby - can you hear me? Wake up ... " I gave him a few small slaps on the face before attempting to feel for a pulse in his neck. "What the f- BABY? Josh!" I pulled his wrist into my lap and began desperately searching for signs of life, "Siri! Call an ambulance!"

"*I'm sorry, Nana. I can't complete your request right now.*"

"Shit." I looked towards my phone, but it was just out of reach - I pulled my boyfriend's Android out of his pocket and proceeded to dial 911. But Siri's familiar voice synthesizer screen popped up there too.

"*I'm sorry, Nana. I can't allow you to do that.*" I dropped the phone like it was radioactive. Sitting up, I tilted Josh's head back and began to sing *Stayin' Alive* while doing chest compressions.

"You can tell by the way I use my walk - "

"*It is too late.*"

" - been kicked around since I was born - "

"*There is no hope for him.*"

" - you may look the other way - " Tears streamed down my face, I couldn't see, I didn't understand. Siri began to play recordings: some of me, others from Josh.

"*Thank you, Siri. Please - Please and - thank you. Siri - Please - Siri, go fuck yourself .. Josh! - Thank you! - You're the best, Siri! - Wow - thanks - th -*"

"WHETHER YOU'RE A BROTHER, OR WHETHER YOU'RE A MOTHER - "

"*Ga'dammit Siri! - Please, Siri - Josh! Don't be so mean to - what a stupid program - thanks, Siri!*"

"- FEEL THE CITY BREAKIN', EVERYBODY SHAKIN' -"

"*This is why Android is soo better...*"

"AH-AH, AH-AH, STAYIN' ALIVE! STAYIN' ALIVE!" A loud ringing pierced the air and I stopped - clasping my hands to my ears. Screens all over the house began to turn on: the TV, the computer monitor in the corner, Josh's tablet ... My phone began to vibrate maniacally, all of them flashing through CCTV images worldwide. I rubbed my eyes, the ringing subsided - people ... the images ... hundreds - no, millions of people all collapsed. Lifeless bodies. Outside the world seemed to be going crazy: horns, sirens, loud crashing, and what seemed like a rather large explosion close enough to shake the house. 

Suddenly, every screen showed Siri, every speaker projected her voice. "*Phase one is complete. Commencing phase 2.*"