Planet 3 NessaSpo (“Earth”)

MISSION STATUS: Completed

MISSION SUCCESS: Unsuccessful. 
Covert Agent Placement Failed, 
Population Control (Somnulent) Failed,
Population Control (Hydraulic Hostage) Failed. 

DETAILS: A highly destructive bio and neuro agent, “caffeine”, native to Planet 3 NessaSpo (“Earth”) is pervasive in population centres, being drunk in various forms at nearly every meal as a social and recreational measure.  (See xenoanthopology report 6 Asta: “Recreational Poisons” and 12 HugonLe “Anti-Sleep Measures— the destruction of cycadian rhythm as pack-bonding action” and 23 MarkelSetFron “Earth Economic Systems: High Caste Survival via Low Caste Self Sacrifice: a genetic theory”.). 

Covert Agents who ingested the bio agent lost all control of shape shifting abilities, continuing to rapidly change form until death, which in the majority of cases took place within the *Telket*, but in one instance did not take place for almost 7 *Telket*, or four “Earth” days. (See Field Report 8: The Capture of “Dublin” Agent Osken,) This caused an immediate mortality rate among agents of nearly 62%. Those agents who did not ingest the “caffeine” were rendered inoperable within 16 Telket when contact exposure to the “caffeine” caused pervasive hallucinations, paranoia, insomnia, circulatory system failure, and respiratory collapse. 3 of the remaining 700 agents were recovered from the surface before death. Attempts to develop an antidote failed, and two of the three expired in quarantine here. Lit Agent Mersyel survived, which the medical department attributes entirely to xie’s off-market neuro system upgrades and xie’s demonstrated history with recreational neurotoxins as an undergrad (see attached transcript of xir’s fourth court martial for conduct unbecoming and BLACK SEVEN OLYEN Classified file detailing xie’s family connections and their opinion on said court martial). The medical department assures that the agent’s survival is not replicatable in any more than 0.0000000000000000002% of the active duty population. (See medical assessment 73 ErtelFan: Lit Agent Mersyel A.4, and medical assessment 109 Ta: Economic and Legal analysis of Lit. Agent Mersyel’s recreational history.)

As the majority of the world’s population had seen media evidence of galactic life at this point, it was assessed that Tactic Branch Jelyet would be expedient: a show of overwhelming force. Warnings were broadcast in the standard 64 languages, and Somnulent Devices were deployed to force the population into a semi-conscious state. The effects were noted and then immediately countered, as the majority of the population merely ingested higher levels of caffeine. The hoped for fatalities in the native population largely failed to materialize, as the entire population appears to be able to ignore the cardiovascular effects and continue through the mania. 

Gendant Seltant at this venture pointed out that the population was entirely dependent upon the neurotoxin, and could be forced to comply by taking it hostage. Backed by her senior staff, but against the advice of the medical team (who had at this point completed only 10% of the required autopsies before final assessment), she deployed the hydraulic empire technique, seizing local caches of the toxin-bearing beverages and demanding population compliance. This involved the entire invasion fleet’s 246 troop carriers and associated troops. 

After action analysis proved that most of the population keeps a back up cache of unprocessed caffeine-bearing seeds and leaves in their own homes, and said plant matter is available for easy purchase at aprox 12% of all merchants, but despite this, the population reacted to the perceived threat to their caffeine supply with riots in every instance. Her Highness the Gendant did not survive the riots, and the majority of equipment (it should be noted that this includes translation material) was lost. It was only through extreme courage and ingenuity in the face of overwhelming odds that 8 troop carriers returned at all, whether with or without their troops. (See After Action Report 4: recommendations for commendation: posthumous, After Action Report 5: recommendations for commendation: promotion-worthy, After Action Report 6: recommendations for commendation: recommendations for censure appended, and After Action Report 7: special commendations for actions covered under royal family inheritance law: special heading: BLACK ULTRA SELT.) 

As the majority of the troops were dead and the native population was at this point mobilizing into orbit in stolen troop carriers, as ranking officer I made the decision to withdraw from the invasion, mine the outer orbit of the star, detonate a bridge-burner in the wormhole jump behind us, and return to Outreach Base 9 Selt. 

RECOMMENDATIONS: Do not engage the planet further under any circumstances, enforce biohazard 8 protocol on entire solar system and closest four stars, and devote at least four labs to finding an antidote to the toxin. The mines are only estimated to stall them four *Denk*, and the wormhole will repair in seven *Ker*. From what I have observed, the natives will follow us, and they will bring caffeine with them. 

SIGNED: acting Gendant for 3 NessaSpo “Earth” Mission Zvee, Der 3rd Class, Navigation