When your inside cryo-sleep, it’s a weird sort of feeling. A semi-lucid dream like feeling. Not conscious, not unconscious, but somehow in between both. 

Inside the cryogenic pod, I lost my sense of time. Hard to keep, lying underground with no sunlight. Was I in here for 50 years? 100 years? 500, 1,000? I don’t know. 

I’m still, slightly aware of my surroundings. I sometimes here buzzing noises, footsteps, that sort of stuff. 

One day, I heard a sound that was especially loud. A large boom to the steel bolted door, and the sound of many, many footsteps... is it real? Is my pod failing? Oh god, I’m, I’m waking up? What’s going on?

“Activating Cryogenic pod defrosting sequence”. Those were the first words I had heard in...what...I don’t know, but it must have been a hell of a long time. I was blind at first, disoriented, confused. “Defrosting Sequence completed. Subject Rivers, T. Bryan is out of Cryogenic sleep. 

Yes, that’s right! Im a person named Bryan. My name, along with most of my other memories, were hazy, but they started to rush into my mind. A voice, a man’s voice called out “Yes, so it is TRUE!!! The Savior, his lord Awesomeness, Bryan is returned!!!!” A crowd of people erupted in cheer and praise. What were they cheering about? Savior? A young woman cradling a baby came up to me. “Oh, Bryan, your most Awesomeness, my child is sick. Please bless him with thou O holy fist” she said. It finally came back to me. 

My fiend Logan and I started a religion, to try and avoid taxes. It was purposefully ridiculous, a stupid joke  religion that, should have long sense been forgotten by now. These people believe it? 

A man came forth on crutches, with a broken leg. “His most Awesomeness, please bless my tender face with your O Holy Fist, so that my leg may Heal” he said. I finally started speaking. “Oh...oh...move out of the way-“ I barely got a word out before I vomited. “A man in metal armor came up to me with a golden gauntlet. “Does His Awesomeness desire refreshment. Here, drink thy Holy Bud Light from the Golden Gauntlet!” Never one to shy from a drink, a guzzled down from the gauntlet. 

A hand gripped my wrist. “His Awesomeness, His most dankness, the Great fucker of Hot Babes, you most come with our crusade back to the holy city of N’Yorr. The great Bishop Of N’Yorr, the Pope, wants you in audience their”. I looked over at the man. He wore read robes, trimmed with golden silk. He  wore a necklace, with a car shaped piece of wood on the end. I was nearly killed in a car accident, before I was frozen.

I turned to the man “Excuse me, what’s exactly is your name?” He hesitated before saying “Thou Awesomeness, by my peers and colleagues I am called Archbishop Diego, of Milwaukee”. A thought for a second. “That’s long, I’ll call you Archie Diego, ok” What year is it?”. He answered “1567”. How is that possible, I was frozen in the year 2018, I thought. “The year of our lord, Bryan, 1567” he added. “Come, thou Awesomeness. It is many months travel back to N’Yorr, and the Pope wants your arrival as soon a possible. Archie Diego pulled out a map, and guided my along outside the Cryogenic facility. The knights that had woke me up, knelt and prayed whenever I passed by. We finally made our way out, and the Cryogenic facility was surrounded by a great city. It looked primitive, though. The buildings were stone, not metal and glass. The streets were littered with bodies. It looked like their was a huge battle. “What tf happened here?” I asked. Archie Diego cleared his throat, and started speaking “We have conquered the Holy City Of El-Ay, in your name. Your city of birth is now out of Loganian control” he said proudly. A group of knights came up, with a golden carriage. “Your carriage awaits, O High holy one.

While we were riding through El-Ay, I saw marble statues, that depicted my friend, Logan. Most were getting torn down. I was enjoying my knee found status. Drinking Bud Light, and eating bountiful food. Most of the knights spoke languages I didn’t know. Only Archie could make full conversation with me, the rest could only say “Bless his High Awesomeness!” We made it to this “N’Yorr place in time, and fanfare and cheering came with me. Trumpeters, drums, confetti. Than, the Pope came out. Or at least I think he was a pope, because of the hat. He bowed down to me, kissed me hand, and escorted me into the palace. Archie Diego followed closely behind me. “Today, we are humbled beyond imagination. The lord and savior, fucker of Hot Babes, His Awesomeness has returned, after all these centuries and centuries. Now we have proof, that the Loganians are wrong, and that the true messiah is Bryan, Rivers, our Savior. He has arrived to smite unbelievers with his mighty sperm!”. I chuckled. 

The ceremony was incredibly long. 6 hours of “Praise him” this and “Bless me that”. After that, Archie Diego and I headed to the large basement of the Palace. Their was a table full of do-dads and random assortments of dusty junk. “These are holy relics, recovered over the years. We were questioning the legitimacy of them, so may I ask do you recognize any of them?” I looked at the junk pile a recognized a lot of the stuff. Car keys, posters and shoe strings. I left the room. “Well, it was nice seeing the palace, and thanks for all the brews. But I would like to go home. Do you have a time machine?” I froze for a second, and thought.. Before I was frozen, a time machine was being tested and built, so I assumed I could freeze myself, explore the future a little and get back home. These people were in the dark ages. They used horses and swords and wooden ships. I was stuck in the future forever. Doomed to live and die here. I’d never see my family, Logan or Jessica again. “What is a time machine?” Diego asked. I sighed “Never mind”

I walked around the garden, seeing statues of myself in grandiose form. A full muscular frame, chiseled facial features, amazing hair. Than I heard a yell from behind me. I was still depressed about my old life being destroyed” Bryan it’s me!” It was a chubby looking guy in a dirty cloak. He was being chased by two palace guardsmen. They yelled “stop intruder!!!” The cloaked figure came up to me, grabbed me, and pulled his hood of. It was Logan. I turned to the guardsmen. “Stop, He is allowed to be here.” The guard left and Logan turned to me. “Hey, I know what your thinking. Their is a time machine on one of the interstellar colonies. You need to come with me if you ever want to see your home again.” He pulled out an egg-shaped device, activated it, and the two were teleported to another planet. I saw a large metal chamber, with buttons and dials and stuff. “Get in, were going back to the past. That religion we made has to be destroyed, it’s what caused the Apocalypse”

I woke up, to the sound of my alarm clock. It must have been a dream, I though. Archie Diego came up to me, with a glass of water. “You passed out a while ago, your Awesomeness”. Oh, never mind, I’m still stuck in the Future.