	“...”
	“Checkmate.”
	The cloaked figure shook itself in disbelief. It scanned the board once, twice, then leaned back slowly.
	“So it is.”
	Neither of us spoke for a long time. I couldn’t move, not out of fear, but confusion. The reaper clearly set up the game intending to win, and truthfully I expected it as well. My only experience with chess had been on the old fossils we used at work when the boss wasn’t looking and I would rather lose half the time to a computer on easy mode than work. I had resigned myself to the lesson this was intended to teach. But, I guess stranger things have happened...
	The reaper broke the silence. “I have never lost at chess.”
	“I assumed.”
	“... Well, I certainly cannot take you with me.”
	“Why not?”
	“You beat Death. You must receive a reward.”
	To be honest, this was more than I could handle at the moment. I felt bad. It was almost comforting being approached by the dark effigy in the grey nothingness. It would take me into its care, and no longer would I have to rely on someone without a plan. I wouldn’t fail anyone anymore. You cannot fail when you have nothing to succeed at.
	The figure beckoned me to follow him; I would have taken its hand and allowed it to lead me anywhere. We sat at a stone table with a wooden chess board, and I was challenged to a duel by someone who knew they would succeed. How wrong we turned out to be.
	“Oh, no... that’s okay.”
	“What?”
	“No, really. Um, just take me to the Underworld, or whatever was supposed to come next.”
	“Nonsense. You won the game.”
	“Yeah, but you could, I don’t know, forget? Just pretend I lost.”
	“I am an ethereal being who has existed as long as the very universe which formed your very existence. I have borne witness to every act ever committed by anyone or anything, living or dead. I do not forget. It is not in my nature to forget.”
	“Oh...”
	“I suppose I will have to allow you to return to the living.”
	“Oh,” I said. I could not help my disappointment creeping into my voice.
	“That is... disagreeable to you?”
	“It’s just,” I scrambled for an excuse. “Everyone knows I am gone by now. Coming back now would only confuse them.”
	The reaper pondered this for a moment. “Arrangements... could be made. To ease the transition.”
	I didn’t respond. I could not put into words the comfort I felt in this cold, blank expanse of space.  A sense of calm I never knew before washed over me as I thought about the possibility of an eternity here, just me and the cloaked reaper. Nothing to worry about, not a care to be had.
	Death prodded further. “Do you not worry for your family? They will surely miss you.”
	“I have no family left.” It’s true. Everyone who could possibly miss me had either abandoned me or been taken in by my new companion themselves. 
	The reaper grew impatient. “I don’t understand. I am giving you the opportunity to cheat me, a trick humans have been trying since the beginning of time, and here you are, refusing it.”
	I ducked my head.
	“Humans always fascinate me. You want to know why?” I looked up at the black hood covering an even blacker void. Nothing emitted from the hood except for the voice, which continued. “I am responsible for the souls of everything which once had life on Earth. Obviously, other organisms are initiated to the afterlife in their own ways... and even in those creatures which experience emotional and cognitive understanding at a greater level than humans, none have ever sought to escape me once their time came. That’s the reason every human soul is challenged to a chess game upon their arrival, so they cannot claim to never be given a chance to prove they are ‘worthy’ of staying amongst the living.
	“Yet, I never expected that the game would fail me this way, after so many centuries of reliable success.” The reaper paused. “Or perhaps, it is I who have failed.”
	I wanted to speak up, comfort the figure in its apparent distress. But what could I say? So I merely lent my ear as the reaper continued its lament.
	“You understand why I must always win the game, yes? Surely you must. There simply cannot be exceptions to death. It is the one equalizer amongst all the living. Life can deal you a lucky hand, but rich or poor, black or white, everybody comes to me in the end. If I allow people who “deserve” to remain alive to continue on, then a clear line will be drawn between those who are worthy of life, and those who are not. But no one is worthy enough to live forever. None other than Life itself.”
	“But what about you?”
	I startled the reaper a second time. “What about me?”
	“You said only Life itself is worthy enough to live forever. But what about Death? Surely you who brings order and certainty to life’s unending uncertainty must be worthy of living alongside it forever?”
	The reaper said nothing for a long while. It faced away from me for what felt like hours. The landscape around us shifted from a solemn grey to a melancholic blue. When Death faced me once more, it seemed weaker. I felt the urge to plunge my hand into its body to see if I could reach the other side. Finally, its voice emerged from the abyss.
	“No. Not me.”
	The figure raised its hands to lower the hood, and in that same motion, its apparent body disappeared, the cloak sinking to a puddle on the ground. My surroundings returned to the empty grey, now truly frightening as I was alone.
	I lifted the cloak and wrapped it around my shoulders. Somehow, I knew what I needed to become. The hood was lifted around my face, and in the distance I saw a wandering soul.
	...