One day a man.

He had a cat. The cat sat. Honestly, it's what cat's like to do best. They've spent a lot of time and energy learning to sit in the most comfortable and pleasing of ways. The man could learn a lot from the cat.

The man spent most of his day harried and stressed. He had to be at work early or he would be late. He had to do his work or it wouldn't get done and when he wasn't working he was always worried that they would be understaffed and he would get called in. The man never rested fully.

The cat rested like it was his job. The cat languished. It played when it fancied. If someone from outside decided to observe they would say "The cat has it worked out," and they would be right.

The man, when he thought about it, was jealous of the cat and it's ability to have life worked out. The cat was a bit fat, it had a purr that let people know it was content and it's sleek, fluffy fur invited others to pet it.

The man had a sigh, he used it to let people know it was unhappy.

One day the man came home from work and found the cat was unhappy. Far from being happy about the cats unhappiness, as would be normal if the cat had been any other being the man was concerned. He changed the cats water and he filled the cats food bowl.

The cat remained unhappy, it paced back and forth at the door looking outside.

Outside, unseen by the man was a lizard.

The cat thought it was taunting him. It wasn't.

The lizard was content, it had a garden to frolick in and dart about and large flat rocks on which it could lie soaking in the sun. When it looked like it would rain or  some bird-like beast would seize it and carry it up it had shady nooks and crannies in which it could hide.

It didn't really know what up was. Just that if it went up it wouldn't come down again and it would miss this garden in which it had decided it would live with plenty of food, the sun's rays heating it and a small pool which attracted lots of it's favourite food.

The lizard's presence however made the cat unhappy. It meowed and whined whenever the lizard, who had no idea that the cat even existed, lay out on his favourite rock and sunned himself.

On those days the man was unhappier, eventually he decided that he couldn't take the cat's restlessness anymore and decided to go and sit in the garden.

There he pulled out a chair and a book and he sat. He rested in the sun and let the rays soak him as he enjoyed a story of a man who beat his boss in a game of poker taking over his business and making his boss do his job.

He realised he had enjoyed it so much that he built a shed out there and it became a part of his day. He would go and sit outside, enjoy a glass of wine and read a book that made him feel better about his life.

One day whilst he was imagining what he would make his boss do if their positions were reversed he saw the lizard. The lizard had scurried out and grabbed a big fat bug.

The man was hungry. He ordered himself some pizza because who had the time these days to cook for oneself? He gave a slice to his cat, who turned up it's nose and wandered off to look for something better, like a small mouse. Or a ball of dust. He went outside and left a small piece outside for the lizard.

In the morning the pizza was gone and he decided that the lizard must have enjoyed it. In this way he went about his day, sharing his meal with the lizard and making sure the cat was happy.

The man was happy.

The cat, getting extra attention, but having freedom in the house, even when the man was home was happy.

The lizard, knowing that food was easy to get and the sun would always warm him, was happy.