
It's him again. I've seen him emerge over and over, in various parts of the world. And every time he manages to get mixed into that world's philosophies and stories. He's worshipped in too many places, and it is hard for him to go back, because the first time he came back from the dead, his legend wouldn't die out and after a while he had to go into hiding. And he is always dying horribly, some torture, some crucifixion or just some exotic sex fetish gone wrong. 

This time around it seemed like he was involved in some sort of fight, the people gathered around him were frozen in their places even as they were kicking and stabbing him. 

I kneeled down next to him and touched him. He looked startled at first and then he saw me and relaxed. 

"Hey. I've been waiting for you." He said. 

"Oh really? I am death. Who awaits me?" 

"Well, it was getting bloody hard to get out of this jam!" 

"What IS this jam precisely?" I gestured at the many men gathered around him with knives and pitchforks. 

"Oh you know, unbelievers, infidels, angry people." 

"And pray tell, why are they so angry with you?" 

"Well, you know what they say, when in Rome do as the Romans do!" 

"I think you were the one who said that." 

"Oh yeah! I did. It was such a long time ago too." 

"What do you want?" I finally asked. 

"Standard deal. You give me the coin and I will flip it. Isn't that right?" 

I reached into my pocket and took out a silver coin. "It is." 

"Now give it here. This is getting uncomfortable." He said and reached for the coin. 

I held the coin out for him, he grabbed it and then held it close. 

"This coin really is a wonderful thing. And to think humans have it in their video games. Someone survived death at least once to get that story out." 

"You cheat. That's what I know." I said. 

"Oh no no." he said and flipped the coin. "Heads" he said. 

The coin fell on the floor, and rolled a little before falling flat. 

"Heads it is. What now?" I said, reaching my hand out for the coin and it disappeared into my robes. 

"No, wait. I don't cheat. I'm just lucky. And 10." 

"Well, you're the son of luck. Of course you're lucky." 

I walked away from him and behind me he had already begun to transform. 

"I'm not his son. I'm just his lucky bastard." 