I awoke that morning feeling ecstatic. It was the fifth night in a row, after months of training and practice, that I had lucid dreams. It was amazing. The dream that I woke myself from. I was flying over the Atlantic. Just me. Nothing else. Using just my body. I wish that I could show someone what I saw. The ocean was so blue. All of the marine life. 

The night before last I was a samurai in ancient Japan. I was the best there was. Everyone loved me. Now that I can control my dreams, I never want to get up for work. I try so hard to stay asleep. The real world awaits though. Every. Damn. Morning. 

I've stumbled my way through the day trying to get home to go back to sleep since the first time. I just want to be in the dream world. I hate the real world. Today isn't any different. I think about the things that I want to dream about all through the day. Barely listening to anyone and never focusing on anything. Once I get home and finish my chores it's off to bed. It's early but I don't mind. I'm in bed by 6:30 tonight. 

This dream starts off normally. I don't realize it's a dream until I focus on a saying written on the wall of a building. I look away and look back and it says something totally different. The graffiti has changed. Initially it said "Darren is a dick". When I looked back the second time it read "You control everything." That's when I knew I was dreaming. 

I decided that I would start by changing my outfit. I dressed myself in a 1950's style suit. I like those. Everything was so classy back then. Next I made a nice 1957 Chevy Bel Air appear in the street. My surroundings were still current but it was my dream and I could change anything that I wanted. 

As I started to open the door of the car, I noticed a man walking on the other side of the street. He was dressed like someone that worked in an office. A blue button down shirt, brown slacks, and black dress shoes. He startled me a little. It was almost as if he appeared from no where. He was just standing there staring at me. Our eyes were locked. 

"Gran.....grandpa... is that you? " he said

I looked around. "You talking to me kid?" I replied. 

"Oh My God!!! Gramps how the hell are you?!?! I haven't seen you since..... since...grampa... you died. How are you here?"

"........"

"It doesn't matter, I've missed you so so much."

The next thing I knew, I was awake, in my bed. My alarm was going off. It was time for work. I sat up in my bed, trying to figure out what had happened. I don't think I was lucid dreaming. Did I lose it? Maybe I didn't focus enough during the previous day. I showered and prepared for the boring, monotonous day ahead of me.

Work was the normal boring thing that it is every day. Until lunch time, that is. The lunch conversation turned to the craziest dream that you've ever had and went something like this.

"I was in a burning building and couldn't get out. I woke up when the ceiling fell on me."

"Well that's more scary than crazy. My dream last night wasn't crazy but it was a little weird.... and comforting. I saw my grandfather. He was standing next to his prized possession. His '57 Bel Air. He died 18 years ago yesterday. I know it was him."

The only thing going through my head while I listened was.. oh. my. god. 