You would be surprised at what one can accomplish with nothing but time on ones hands alongside the collective push of the skills and meager paychecks of a group of retirees. 

Those days during the war spent at the factory, chemistry, metal shop, wood working classes in high-school, a doctorate in Engineering from the local University all counted for something useful. The pooled ingenuity of the parents of this generations super heroes should not be taken lightly even if we may be frail in our physique and our knowledge slightly out dated. What worked back in the day still works now. 

Took a month to build the gyroscopic stabilizers, another six for the superstructure around them and four more to properly fuse the armor plating without drawing in too much attention to our power consumption. Not to even mention the time it took to get the supplies together. Though I'm sure the local junkyard owners may have become suspicious due to the influx of elderly looking for materials and incessantly haggling for ever lower prices.

A mechanical monstrosity made completely hacker proof by its hand made vacuum tubes and old analog technology. The last time one of these walked on this earth was nearly fifty years ago. Now, with some modern upgrades to the power-source and weaponry the kids wont know what hit them. Replacing the gun turrets with sound cannons should work wonderfully. Those should put the local kids wee car speakers to shame. Maybe even teach them a lesson on how to properly make senseless noise disturbances. 

None of it lethal of course, fully automated and just menacing enough to scare the locals away and the Justice Friends in to action. The target was to be the local city hall. Where several of us would be conveniently having coffee across the street and needing rescue. 

We cant get them to call, write a letter, nor come visit of their own volition, but we will be damned if we cant make them come to see us even if only for a second. If nothing else, at least we killed some time with the group project.

For the next attempt we are split between building a flying saucer to fake our own abduction, or maybe faking an alien invasion. Aiming a disintegration beam at City Hall and evaporating its roof should serve the politicians right for de-funding the senior center in town. 



