A familiar sound slowly creeps its way into the void that is cryo-mind (the empty black hole your brain falls into while in cryo sleep). It’s a familiar sound, a soft beeping, rhythmic and slow. It reminds me of the heart monitors in hospital shows my dad used to watch when he was a kid, and in turn made us watch. It is the sound you hear when your pod begins to wake you up. My eyes open but I see nothing. It takes a while for the interworking of this old TCKR systems tech to get bodily functions back to normal. Hearing is alway the first to come back. A slight hum and short rattle signal the compressor starting up and pumping me with whatever drugs the tubes in my arms are supposed to give me. We learned the names and functions in the academy but I never really bothered to care.

Wait a minute. I’m awake. What the fuck is going on. Have I been saved?

——————

Everything in the hub is dusty. There must be some sort of leak somewhere because there shouldn’t be dust in here at all but it’s everywhere. Won’t matter for much longer anyway so there’s no point in looking into it. 
The freeze time on my pod says 4 years. All of the other pods look like they were trashed by something, but I suppose they were open to the happenings of the hub for four years. Everything seems wrong though. I know I was the only survivor of the accident, my memory is clear on that but what the hell happened to the rest of the crews pods? Fuck it.

“Computer, what is the date?”

*Welcome back Major. The date is June 17th, 3789 earth time. Sol 17,453.*

“Computer, clarify. That date is not possible. How long has it been since the accident?”

*Major, the accident that killed the rest of your crew is recorded at exactly 1500 years ago, this day on earth.*

“What the actually fuck”

*I’m sorry Major, my responses are limited. Please ask a direct question or give a command.*

“Why does my pod say I’ve been in cryo for four years?” 

*There is a four year limit on cryo sleep as in my programmed directives. The ‘accident’ as you call it must have disrupted my automatic awakening protocol.* 

My mind was racing. 1500 years? There’s no way. Why didn’t NASA come for me? For us? I couldn’t even give my crew a proper burial. Christ it all happened so fast. What am I supposed to do now?

“Computer, how much longer on my oxygen supply?”

*Major, oxygen levels are critical. I estimate you have 37 minutes left until suffocation begins.*

Without even thinking I bolt towards the main hatch. There no hope for my anyway. I just want to die next to the rest of my crew. Even though their bodies are long gone and buried in the dust. Hope is gone.

“Computer, unlock the main hatch”

*Major, my protocols do not allow for this without you suit on an stable. You will die.*

“Computer, I know. Override directives - Authorization Major W.S. Cline. Initiate.”

*Authorization accepted. Hatch unlocked. Good luck Major.*

I kick the door open expecting to be sucked out and frozen in the cold atmosphere of this god forsaken rock. The pressure difference between the hub and the atmosphere does little but knock me forwards. I hit the ground and and brace for the worst.

It’s grass. It’s wet grass.

The hub behind me is completely buried in foliage. I can breath. Just as I stand to my feet and arrow narrowly missed my left knee and plunged into the soil behind me.

Fuck.