They met when he was thirty-four, and she was still seventeen -only with seven extra years worth of wisdom. They loved each other even more passionately than they despised the rules the government had put in place, because meeting someone his age, at this time, and still falling in love knowing you'll lose them; well, that's real love. 

For a while, they both accepted it. She knew that if she lost him then she'd kill herself, and she'd prefer to do that later rather than sooner. So, they married, and joined the last generation of lovers who'd be separated by death. 

But, the years flew by for her, and she only noticed them in him. The promise of death constantly nagged at her mind, but the chance of an eternal life with him gave her endless hope for the future. She set a plan in motion, and worked to save their lives. 

Fifteen years later, she earned a position working in a building that administered the death cure. Not working directly with the cure; The government didn't trust those who still had close ties to the lost generation, even after they'd divorced to increase her chances. He had hated going through with the divorce, but she didn't care. Laws and norms meant nothing to her now, all that mattered was the endless love she chased. 

With amazing difficulty, she stole a dose of the cure and saved them both. She was sure to be wanted by the authorities by now, and his appearance was well-aged and would eventually become a dead giveaway, so they left their society behind them and started a new life. 

They found peace in the wilderness, and started their endless life together. Every day they loved one another, and, somehow, their love managed to grow even stronger each day. Their life was passionate bliss, and they knew it'd last forever. 

Then, one day, she couldn't get out of bed. She hadn't been sick in decades, and he looked back to society for an answer. They hadn't used the old radio for years, and when it crackled to life, it brought death.  

All around the world, people were experiencing the cure's only side effect. She'd soon start to lose her mind, and eventually her life. 

"Kill me.." she'd said after hearing the news, but he couldn't. He knew he was being weak, but he could never bring himself to do it. 

"I'll stay with you until you're gone, just like you would have." 

He stayed at her bedside at all hours, barely sleeping or eating; and she laid there, loving him as passionately as ever, slowly going mad, and as did she, so did he.  
 
/r/BeagleTales 
