  Okay, so I was a little drunk.  Okay, a lot drunk and my accent came out.   Okay, almost blackout drunk and speaking in ancient Aramaic when I bumped into the young woman at the bar.  Now, most of the time it isn't a problem because they assume I'm slurring my words or I'm so hammered I don't know what I'm mumbling but apparently this woman knew.  Her eyes grew wide with shock and she dropped the glass she was holding which shattered onto the floor.  I was immediately sobered by the smash ... and my slip.

  "I'm so sorry," I said, trying to form my best American tone.  I'm not from America originally ... but to be fair neither is almost anyone else and I'd had millennia to practice different accents and different dialects.  Her eyes were still wide with shock and she came a step closer.

  "Say that again," her voice was just loud enough to be heard.

  "I'm so sorry," I repeated.  She shook her head and blinked her eyes slowly.

  "No, not that.  What you said before that."  I started to turn away but she grasped my upper arm and held on.  "Were you saying that death is a dirty ..."  I quickly put my finger over her lips to stop her words.

  "Those words are best not repeated," I growled under my breath, my accent rising to the top again but my words in English at least.  I waved my hand in front of her face as her eyes went out of focus and I snapped my fingers between them, her eyes drooped almost instantly and I wrapped an arm around her to keep her from collapsing to the ground.

  Setting her on a nearby bar stool, I turned and walked out of the small bar and into the brisk night.  After all, I had a date anyway.

  Death was standing on the top of the hill, it's robes billowing in the non-existent winds.  The Diva was holding it's scythe trying to be menacing but after 10 Centuries, the stick was getting old.  The figure turned to face me as I approached and the pale moonlight outlined the shape.

  "So good of you to come," the voice spoke in my mind.  "I hope it was not an arduous journey."  I stalked up the small hillock and ground my teeth, careful to keep my temper no matter how I wanted to rage at the figure.

  "Yes of course, my Lady," I made sure to inflect my words as she had commanded me all those years ago.  "I have come to beg your forgiveness once again and pray upon your tender mercies to release me from my sentence.  It has been one thousand years since I have transgressed upon your person and I wallow ... or for fuck's sake, do I really have to do the whole thing?" I couldn't take it.  The indignant ire rose in my chest like lava and I growled out the last words as she pulled her hood away.

  "Oh, Judas, do you hate paying your debts still?"  She smiled under the blade of the scythe, her blood red lips curving into the most hated image of my nightmares.  "I had hoped a few hundred years wandering would cure you of that ... shame."