Writing this on a roadtrip and on mobile, sorry for all the typos and formatting errors.

The air was stale and silent in the small waiting area. A less than interested school secretary scrolled through her phone, occasionally glancing up at Eric and I. He was a third grader and I was basically a middle schooler. Little kids always spend the boring parts of lecture trying to catch someone mind reading. It can be funny listening to them unknowingly synchronize and the teachers usually make them focus on class again. There was no teacher to help me here. Eric had been caught carving a dick on the door of an empty classroom. What a dumb little kid, he deserved to be sent to the principal's office. I didn't belong here. I didn't do anything! Making me listen to Eric shouting, "I KNo UR liSsenIN!" as fast as he can in his mind was cruel and unusual punishment. The secretary put in headphones without bothering to check on us one more time. Her thoughts were like a constant sigh or groan, I could easily tune her out, but she did give me a good idea. I could pretty well recall exactly how "baby shark" sounds and nothing erases your mind quite like an ear worm. So I played it loudly in my mind, directing it at Eric. I tried to keep my face looking bored but it was hard not to laugh when he started to move in rythem with song. I watched him nod along for a while before the principal finally called him in. I had so much control over his behavior in that moment, I had another idea. I was just playing around with it, I didn't mean for him to say it. I thought, "Fuck you, Mr.Benko" over and over at Eric. I closed my eyes and focused. I shouted with my mind, and only stopped when I heard his little kid voice say the words I gave him. He sounded so aggressive and Mr.Benko was quick to reprimand him for it. Eric didn't sound confused of apologetic at all, it's as if he believed those thought were his own. What else could I do? I turned my attention to the secretary, I tried to mimic her voice with my mind, "why is Sarah being sent to the principal? I dont think she belongs here, I think she is so polite and smart. She must be the best almost preteen I know, I think...she deserves ice cream!" I watched her look at me and rub her forehead as she scanned over a piece of paper. "Why were you sent to the office, Sarah?", she asked me with a sigh that comes from performing tedious diligence. "I swear I did nothing, they randomly called me out of class, I was taking the best notes even! I never get sent here because I am such a good student!" Another sigh and she called the teacher that sent me, I read her face as she heard that I had been playing with a dead bird for all of lunch. I like animals, and I could make him talk with my mind! I couldn't tell anyone about that, I was in a pickle. She looked worried but this was the first time she looked interested and alert. She straightened her body towards me, even pointing out her fingers and weaving them together in my direction. "Why were you playing with a dead bird, Sarah? Do you know how many germs they carry, have you even washed your hands yet?!", her eyebrows furrowed as she waited for a response. I was thinking still! I can't think too hard or too loud because she'll hear me. "I want to be a scientist", I finally exclaimed. "I was performing important research and I did wash my hands.", I remembered the thoughts I gave her earlier. I tried to direct thoughts at her again, "wow Sarah is so smart, Sarah I will take you to get ice cream" I repeated it in her own voice. She sat silently for a while, bracing her palms on the desk. My thoughts grew quieter dispite my efforts to be as loud as possible. She was sweating now! I felt like I was lion straining to push through a door that did not want to be opened. I clenched my face and shrieked with my mind, "GIVE. ME. ICE. CREAM.". She slammed a fist on the desk, "Enough! I'll take you to get your damned ice cream but we need to go now". I picked up my bag and stood ready to go. She looked shocked, "I haven't said anything in a while, why are you getting up". I had made a huge mistake, I thought she had spoken with her lips not her mind. She must know now, she was actively resisting my thoughts, she tested me and I gave myself away. "...I can hear you", I admitted. I stood silently waiting for prodding and questioning. She thought, "we have a lot to talk about" as her purse glided off of the coat hanger, across the room, and on to her shoulder. She signed me out of school for the day and took my hand. Every door opened for us without ever lifting a finger. I looked up at her in wonder, I had so much to learn. 