Halls, stairs, doorways, floors--you look at them all the time, you think you know where you stand with up and down. You know how it all goes together, how to get from A to B. When you imagine sinking you keep the floor beneath you, with water rising up from underneath, level by level. You make plans about how to escape by climbing three flights of stairs to the deck where handsome, tanned young people from a dozen different countries keep fresh towels and cold drinks on rotation.

I always think about escape plans. It's silly, in my condition, but there it is. When the girls were babies I counted steps from my room to theirs. I practiced crawling, in case there was smoke, and I ran it too. Just in case. David thought I was crazy. I didn't blame him. I was acting crazy.

They weren't the ones who died in that delivery room--I was. But that was the same year I bought the motorcycle, the same year I signed up for rock climbing lessons at the YWCA. Three years later, he was gone. He said I changed. I didn't blame him then, either.

I don't want to die. I still don't want to die. I'm sitting in what I'm pretty sure is my own piss mixed with salt water, a dresser jammed into my chest corner first, 87 years old with arthritis that twists my hands into claws it takes all day to shake lose, and I don't want to die.

"Fucking *push*, Rachel!" Rebecca snaps, throwing her weight against it, and oh, Lord almighty, that's a bitch and a half. 

"I'm trying! Mom? Mom!"

"Oh, hon," I creak, or I try. I don't hear me over the screams underneath or the storm up above. Rachel leans over me, her hair stuck out at all kinda of angles--like my ribs must be, I think, and then I skate away from the thought as quick as I can.

My girls. I held on so tight I squeezed you out between my fingers for years. I almost lost you like I was afraid of, all those bad years when we stopped knowing who each other were.  

I had time. I had all this goddamn *time*, and what did I make of myself? What kind of mother was I? I pushed you out of the house by eighteen and I lost you for ten years, and it's never felt like *enough*. I could have done better. I could have gentler, I could have been kinder. I could have stopped to call any day and apologize.

I want to go home. I want to sit in my ugly paisley chair that cups my bony ass just right and pet that goddamn cat (and who's going to feed him?). I want to see what happens on that throne show Rebecca keeps telling me I'll like. I want to finish the book that's drowning thirty rooms deep behind us. I want to know how it ends. 

I want to know what happens to them when I'm gone.

If I cry without breathing too much, it's not so bad.

"Girls. *Girls*." I hear water rising below or behind. I hear waves. They stop, looking at me like owls.

"I love you," I wheeze, and I'd wanted to do this in my chair, all by myself, on a day that the blue hairs came by for bridge so somebody would find me. I wanted to be sitting in the sun with my cat and my book. I take Rachel's hand. I fold it into Rebecca's.

"You go. I'll be all right."

"*Mom*." 

I could stop. I could stop here and they'd find me up top in a boat, like when I crashed my motorcycle and walked out of the woods with a scraped knee, like when my heart started again all on its own and I screamed fit to tear that goddamn hospital down.

"Go, baby."

And as Rachel pries her sister off the floor and shoves her towards the crazy tilt door, up towards the crooked stairs they can climb together, up towards the storm and the sea and the lifeboats, fear slips from my chest like a breath. 

I close my eyes and sit in my chair in the sun. I decide how my book ends. I wait.