I never have felt the way I did when I looked into her eyes. I think Adria's eyes were the only true green eyes I have ever seen. No matter how upset I was, looking into her eyes I knew that I could be happy. I can still feel that tingle that I felt when I saw her coming. It felt like I was about to cry, but from being so happy. My heart would beat faster and I wouldn't  be able to make sentences. I would fumble with anything that I was  holding trying to act collected, but never really succeeding. I've Never felt anything like it, and I don't  think I can anymore.

Adria and her golden hair was the color of sunlight on thick fall dust when the shadows got long through the windows. I guess that doesn't sound that flattering but like her bright green eyes, it is the most beautiful hair I have ever seen. And those eyes; they could cut right through me. I can see them now; deeply and passionately green. They always reminded me of cat eye,s. She would walk up to me and destroy me with a hello.

For my whole life, everyone told me what potential I had. Power has always come easy to me. I was quick to learn how to use this to my advantage from a young age. I was never evil with my power growing up, maybe just mischievous. I liked to tease people and being able to control how people sense reality can be easy to play with when you're young. I had heard that Adria's father was in some kind of dark business, but I never thought too much about it. We all use our power in one way or another and he had found a niche and who was I to judge him. I may have acted out a little to impress her subconsciously, but I didn't think I was attracted to that. I never thought of myself as a dark power weilder. I wonder if we all think that way before we become one.

I met Adria where most people meet people; school. She was a quiet girl and I was always popular. It funny to me that I saw her so many times before I could admit I was attracted to her. We were in some classes together and my best friend at the time, Matty, laughed that he saw me starting at her. A lot. It didn't really register that I was attracted to her untill then. 

I started doing some digging on her. Most of the stuff I dug up was bullshit. That she was a slut or a freak, that she was crazy. The more I looked, the more elusive she seemed to be. I had attempted to talk to her a handful of times unsuccessfully, and I think she noticed me at this point. Matty was the one that told me that her father worked in necromancy.

I guess I was intrigued. She never seemed like the type to have a father that worked in weilding dark power. I'm not quite sure what I expected. I guess someone that wore black and gothed around like a witch from a Halloween special. I mean stereotypes come from somewhere, right? But she had the sweetest face with bunched up cheeks like a little squirrel when she smiled.  And she always wore light breezy dresses. There was something sad about her through all the airy flightiness, and when I think back to her, I always think of Autumn, which can have a kind of death and decay vibe to it. She kind of smelled sweet like rotting leaves in a forest in a October evening with the smell of fires in the background.

I got some books on necromancy and learned a little about it. I remember thinking, in my teenage wisdom, that there was nothing wrong with practicing dark power. In every classroom we learned how working with dark power can be addictive and that the first time you do it you could be addicted to it. That it cause people to go crazy. My parents would point out people who were probably just homeless and say, " that's what happens to you." But as I did the research i realize most powerful people that I looked up to at least dabbled in dark wielding. It seemed like I had been taught a lot of scare tactics and not a lot of facts.