The lights gave a rapid flicker and the room filled with a deep thrumming bass as the last words of the incantation left Pete’s mouth. A thin quiver of shadow reached up from the pentagram carved into the cement basement floor, swirling and growing until it coalesced into a dark, looming shape. 
“Who...” it asked in a slow buzzing voice that sounded like a person talking through a swarm of a hundred angry wasps. “Who dares summon the Feori...” the single overhead lightbulb dimmed with the words, and the four figures gathered around a thin flimsy card table seemed to shrink underneath the growing mass of malevolent shadow. 

“Who dares summon the feori... without bringing beer!? What is up my boys??”

The shadow roiled and then shaped itself into a dark brown cloak with two ember red eyes glowing in the hood. A cheer erupted from the four and the light grew brighter as a series of torches set up in a circle around the table leapt to life. There were three men and a woman gathered around the in a semicircle, faces filled with poorly concealed exhilaration. Dice of many colors and a messy throng of papers filled with dense handwriting covered most of the table, except for the small section behind a divider which contained three sets of dice in a clean row, and a small stack of notebooks. Feori liked it neat. 

The cloaked shadow figure brought up his arms and resting his elbows on the table, drummed his sickly black hands together. “Well, well, well. Before we begin, I believe I have something to address. Pete, I saw you peeked behind the divider while I was away?” Pete’s eyes went wide, and he raised his arms as of to object, but then shook his head. “Sorry Feori, couldn’t help myself.” “That’s ok Pete.” He said extending a hand to the man and muttering something in a throaty harsh language. Pete’s eyes rolled back in his head and he started convulsing as Feori continued the incantation, slumping down in his seat like a rag doll when it finished. Feori waited a moment, and then as Pete blinked awake, Feori turned back to the rest of the table. 
“That should wipe his memory. Now, where were we last week...” a wave of excitement washed over the table, and the players faces held an expression of anticipation. 
“You four were traversing broken hand pass through the great Culebrea mountains, on your way to the elven city of Eldora when you encountered a door. It is made of a dark, knotty wood and covered with iron latticing that seems to serve as both decoration and reinforcement. There is no handle, but there is a strange slotted hole in the center. Puzzled, you walk around the back and find it to be the same, the door is freestanding, and seems to lead to nothing, but you also feel a magical buzz that seems to fill the space around you.”

“I roll a history check,” Jack said to the sound of a d20 rolling across the table. It was a five. Jack looked up disappointedly, and then after consulting some papers gave a plaintive, “Seven.” 

“You are unaware of any history surrounding freestanding doors and their like.” Feori responded.

“Oh you ninnies.” Gwen piped up and rolled a d20 of her own. “I try to barge forward and break the door down myself. It is in my way and that makes me angry.” Gwen looks down at her roll and after some mental arithmetic, gives a, “seventeen.” From somewhere in the darkness of basement,  a deep growl erupts, quickly followed by the sound of footsteps on gravel and heavy wooden crash. 

“You get a running start,” Feori starts, “ and give the door a solid smack but if doesn’t give. Your shoulder hurts now, and when you turn back to face the door, it somehow seems translucent, as if it is slowly disappearing. To the rest of you, the door still appears normal. 

Trevor was the next to go. “I’m rolling an investigation check on the hole in the door.” He gave a sixteen. 

“You approach the door and squat down to take a better look at the hole in the middle. It looks like some kind of strange keyhole, but the longer you are there, the more you begin to sense something else. You put your ear to the keyhole and hear the sound of screaming, fires, and an unearthly screech.” The basement filled with the noise of all three as Feori spoke, and the faint smell of sulfur filled the air. “You begin to smell sulfur and there is a hot wind blowing from the hole.”

“Guys I think this might be one of the doors of destiny we have been looking for.” Pete said. “Yeah, I agree.” Gwen added. 
“Wait wait wait. I agree, but I don’t think we should try to open it now. We’re level six and I’m out of spell slots so I can’t heal you guys. Gwen has some potions, but I say we leave it alone for now and come back once we see what the mage council wants with us in Eldora. That way we can all rest before this.” 

The three began to discuss options until they were interrupted by the Trevor. “Geronimo does not like their inane chatter.” He said, in a low husky voice. “While they Talk I cast shape stone and pick the lock.”

The other three went silent and Feori nodded gravely. “I need you to roll a dex check, with disadvantage since you are using stone instead of thieves tools.” Trevor nodded with a wry smile, and added, “fortune favors the bold,” before his two d20s skittered across the table. 

Two natural twenties. 

“Fuck yeah!” Trevor shouted, and the rest of the table settled into stunned silence followed by fearful anticipation. 

The sound of stone clinking on metal filled the room as Feori began speaking. “You play with the mechanism using your stone pick, and somehow manage to find the tumbler pins. You press them up one by one, and then twist. A deep, resonant, ker-chunk echoed off the basement walls, followed by the sound of a creaking door. “You four barely have time to notice,  but as the door creaks open, it sucks the four of you through it violently, depositing you on the other side.”

“I run back to the door!” Pete cried desperately. 

Feori shook his head. “you dash back towards the door, only to see it slam shut and then wink out of existence just as you reach it. You look up around you and notice you are in the green forested foothills, and the sun is now in a different place. This is not what catches your attention however, what catches your attention is the sight of the town of Eldora, burning, and above it, flies an enormous black dragon the color of night. As you gawk at it, it spies you in the forest and begins to descend. Everyone roll initiative. “

The session lasted well into the night, and when everyone was tired, and the game at a good stopping point, Feori wrapped it up with a nod and a folding of the divider. 
“So real quick, before you go Feori, do we owe you anything for all this?” Feori paused for a moment, somewhat confused. “You will suffer an eternity in hell screaming and wailing in the boiling pits.”
“Oh yeah yeah yeah, no. We all know that.” Pete said and the players all shook their heads in agreement. “I meant for like DMing. Do we owe you money or something? You do such a great job and I always feel bad when you leave without anything.” Feori shook his head. “No, your eternal torment is enough for me.” And then winked out of existence. How sweet,” Gwen said after a moment. “The world needs more people as selfless as Feori these days.” 
