The last unedited human took nine months and ten days to finally be born. For two hundred and eighty-three days, the little team of scientists had fluttered in and out of the lab, watching her. And all that time, she was only the hum of the machine and a screen full of physiological data.

Dr. Hugo Kent was alone in the lab when it happened. It was four-forty in the morning. He did not usually work the night shift; as the project's head scientist, he made a point of setting his own schedule to *avoid* going to bed at the ass-end of dawn.

But once in a while, he had to show solidarity, and fairness, so he here was. Grumbling over the machine.

The screen recycled the little human's data every fifteen minutes, and every fifteen minutes Dr. Kent stopped to write it down on their paper ledger. The computer stored everything, backups included, but Dr. Kent preferred the old days of pen and ink and paper. Reliable records, one that a data company or bad hard drive couldn't lose.

He was bent over that sheet of paper when the machine began pinging at him, urgently. The warning indicator was red, and when Dr. Kent ratcheted his head up he saw the monitor read:

**Subject ready to emerge.**

Dr. Kent stood there for a moment, his hands on the incubator. It was massive and egg-shaped, made from a thick and gleaming chrome. The front window was glass, but it was hazy with embryonic fluid. He pressed his nose up against it, trying to see inside.

A little hand pressed up against the glass.

Dr. Kent knew he should wait for his colleagues. He should not keep this sort of memory to himself.

But he could not help himself.

He turned the hatch. The incubator unlocked with a hiss, and the fluid began draining out, glug-glugging through the floor under Dr. Kent's feet. He knew exactly where it would go. He had planned every inch of this laboratory, down to the tanks that would store the embryonic fluid to be examined later, in case there was something horribly wrong with this child.

Inside the incubator rang the high, clear wail of a baby.

Dr. Kent gripped the handle in both hands, his knuckles whitening. He tried to prepare himself. Humans in the old world had the strangest abnormalities; he had spent her whole first two months of incubation in nail-biting agony, praying she wouldn't lose or gain a chromosome.

The doctor heaved open the door.

The baby lay on a little rubbery pedestal lined with soft slats. She was glossy with fluid and screaming herself red in the face.

And she looked so blissfully normal. All ten fingers and toes. All her limbs thrashing with fervor and fear.

When he lifted her up, he saw her eyes were mismatching. They were both blue, but one had a fleck of brown discoloring it.

Dr. Kent looked around for a baby blanket and realized that all of the lovely new baby things were locked up in Duncan's office, because he had been the most enthusiastic and most insistent on picking things out. So he simply shrugged out of his lab coat and wrapped it around the little girl. He used the sleeve of it to wipe the fluid away from her face.

She was still screaming. But when Dr. Kent raised his finger to her hand, she caught it and held tight. Really looked at him for the first time.

The world's last unedited human stared up at him, as perfect as could be.

"Hello, little lovely," he murmured. "We're calling you Merryn."

The team spent most of her time in the incubator debating it. Dr. Kent hadn't realized it was the perfect name until he held her in his arms, gurgling and sucking at his index finger. It meant *complete*. And that's what she was. As whole and real and lovely as anything he had ever seen.

He kissed her forehead and murmured into her wet hair, "Welcome to the world."
***
/r/shoringupfragments