"What're you gonna do?" Asks the so-called god.

You hold the musket in your hands, admiring how rust has managed to cover every inch. As you turn it, small pieces begin to flake off and soon, nothing more than the wooden stock is left.

"What're you gonna do?" 

You can't stand this so-called god.  Everything about him is pathetic and painful to see; what parts aren't covered in stained, tattered rags are riddled with marks of disease.  His hair hangs in loose chunks from above his brow, and when he just asked what you were gonna do, you felt a piece of your soul shiver in revolt at the garbled sound of his voice.

"What are you the god of," you ask, "trash?"

A smile spreads across the god's face. "I am currently the God of Decay. But, if I sponsor you in the tournament and you win, then maybe..."

"You'd want me to promote you, right?"

Shrugging, the god chuckles. "You'd be the God of Death, so you'd be my boss."

"And what am I supposed to do with this?" You ask, holding up the stock.  "Can't you give me any powers or anything? Some kind of weapon?"

The God of Decay smiles again, then vanishes.

...

What a dream. There's no way that any of that was real, you think to yourself. Besides, what good would someone like you be in a battle for godhood?  Not unless being a god could somehow be tied to living in your parent's cellar at 36. 

You sit up in your futon and look around you. Everything is as it should be: a mess. There isn't much light making its way to the small windows at the top of the cellar walls, and you realize it must be overcast. You swing your feet out of the futon, and that's when your foot collides with something that shouldn't be there: the stock. 

Slowly, you pick the stock up on your hands. Now, in the real world, you can feel the fine grain of the polished wood, and, running your fingertips over it, you realize that the stock is, in fact, quite ornately engraved. You can make out a few shapes, but with the limited light, you decide to pull the chain for the ceiling light above your futon to better see the stock. As the incandescent light flicks on, you begin to see what exactly is carved in the stock: it's an outline of the Milky Way.

"I carved that." It's the same voice from your dreams. You set down the stock and frantically scan the cellar. That's when you see the God of Decay in the corner, hiding behind a stack of boxes all marked "X-MAS" As he steps out into the light, you realize that like the stock, you can see him now in much more detail than in your dream.  Open, oozing sores cover what is left of his skin, and in some spots where his skin has fallen off, you can see straight through to the bone. His eyes were a sort of cloudy yellow, and his teeth were nearly all gone; those that remained looked ready to abandon ship at any moment.

"I carved that," the god repeats. "I carved that when I was only a few thousand years old, you know, well after the Bang but long before the stars had found their homes.  I was actually the one who planned our Galaxy, but once it had been fashioned together by the stronger gods, I was given a new responsibility, and I have dutifully held it since.

"But I grow tired of decay, as it is that every living thing dies, so must I be there to clean up the rot. I wish to take on a new title, and the only way to do that is to sponsor a true champion."

You stare at the god, bewildered. "You're not real, you're not real," you say to what must surely be a hallucination.

"Look, kid, this is a lot, I know. You're asking yourself, 'what is going on,' and 'who is this dude,' and 'why doesn't Taco Bell deliver?' but fear not, for soon you will have the answers to your questions in reach," says the God of Decay.

"I know," you say. "You just told me everything."

"I did? I did! It would seem as though some of my brain is decaying as well," the god says with a chuckle. "Well then, we must go now to meet my attendant; it is imperative that you train before the tournament. Shall we depart?"

You don't quite trust the god, but with nothing going on in your life right now you decide to do it anyways.  "Take my hand," the god says reaching out to you. You're hesitant at first, what with the sores and all, but take it anyways after a moment.

A bright light behind to shine above you as the floor of the cellar begins to shake underfoot.  "Here we go!" The god screams. You feel your body begin to slowly float up towards the light, and a slight tingling begins to spread through your whole body.

"But whatever you do, always keep that stock on you when you travel to the other side; if you don't, you'll explode, and I'll have to find another champion!" The god says to you.  That's when you realize that you set it down earlier. It's still nearby, you can see it, but you can feel the tingling quickly give way to a heavy pressure within, and as your vision begins to cloud up you reach for the stock. No luck. "Please no. Please not like this," you say to yourself as blood begins to drop, then run, then gush from all orifices. 

"Oh shit," you hear the god say, and the last thing you see is him producing a tattered umbrella from thin air and opening it. "I should've brought a parka."


END