This morning, I woke up in tears. A nightmare, *again*. It's been months since the last time I managed to sleep a whole night. I looked at the time. The night wasn't over, but it was too late to get back to sleep... not that I could either way.  
I stayed still in my bed, looking at the ceiling, until it became too uncomfortable. Slowly, I got up and started walking towards the kitchen when I remembered I hadn't emptied the box in days.  

Ah, yes. *The box*. What was I thinking when I decided to use that thing? Nothing positive ever came out of it since I put it here. And at this point, I knew nothing ever would. I could just have stopped emptying it; eventually it would be full of unwanted emotions and that would be the end of the story. But I was already getting consumed from the inside, might as well keep going.  
I approached the box cautiously, dreading what was waiting for me inside of it. As I got closer, I peeked inside. Pitch black, as usual. I put my hand inside the box, retrieving all these unwanted emotions for myself, one after the other. As I went through the content of the box, the world seemed darker, colder. Until I found something that wasn't supposed to be inside the box.  

Unlike all the previous ones, this one was bright. As I made it mine, I suddenly felt... warm, as if someone covered me with soft blankets out of nowhere. This was something I never experienced before, this was... pleasant. I emptied the rest of the box, holding tight to this newfound feeling to avoid getting overwhelmed.  
I was relieved for a moment, but then I realized. This was the box of unwanted emotions, why would someone get rid of such a great thing? On the side of the box, someone had left a letter.  

"I am not a good person, I did unforgivable things. I do not deserve to be happy anymore but to repent until my last breath. But you, you're good. You keep taking people's unwanted emotions even though they're always negative. You deserve happiness more than I do, so take mine.  

Farewell."