Brian knew to expect the unexpected.  A life this long you find that is the only thing you can count on.  But nothing could have prepared him to walking into the ghost of his brother sitting at his breakfast table.  He almost didn't recognize his old face.

"Hi Brian" said his deceased twin as if it had been a day since they had seen each other and not a century.

"What the fucking fuck Eric?" were the only words he could muster. 

"Yeah it really is me." said Eric.  He obviously found this situation just as awkward as Brian did.

"How? I mean what are you doing here?" Brian still wasn't convinced his eyes were being honest.

"I'm here to see you.  To see how things are doing for you."

"Its been good.  Life I mean.  I mean there were some really bad times, but then things got good again. And you know even when bad, nobody died or anything.  I mean other than you of course. I mean since you.  Its been good."

"Good to hear."

"So are you here from heaven, or are you here from...." This was far too awkward for Brian.

"No, No! I mean yes.  Heaven.  I'm here from Heaven."

"Heaven?  Really? Whats it like?"

"Well its heaven.  You know its great.  Its for all intents and purposes perfect.  You know, thats why they call it Heaven.  For the most part."

"For the most part?" Brian started to accept this odd situation.

"Well I mean there are some issues.  Nothing major.  Just you know, everyone there refers to me as Kid, or New Guy.  I mean I've been there for well over a hundred years now and everyone has seniority over me.  But being the perpetual new guy does have its advantages.  I mean i'm kind of famous up there.  I mean look I was able to hook this meeting up no problem.  Small price to pay for being the only guy who can't talk about how it was before all the new guys showed up." 

"So you are famous up there?  Thats cool.  I don't mean to sound ungrateful, I mean i've missed you and everything.  But What are you doing here?"

"I came down here, see what you've been up to.  See whats been going on since I kicked the bucket.  Kind of wondering what I've been missing out on."

"OH, well, I mean if you're in heaven then not much.  I'm sure things are a lot better up here than they are down here.  I was famous for a bit after you died, but that kind of faded after the first decade."

"You got famous off of my death?"

"Well yeah, I mean I was called the Face of Death.  They used to show our faces on tv all the time in the begining as the last death earth would ever have to see.  Showing your side as the last time anyone would ever have to die and my side as the last time anyone would ever have to lose someone."

"The face of death?  Is that you did all the..." Eric motioned to his own face.

"Oh the plastic surgeries?  no no, nothing to do with that.  I actually had its advantages, I mean I got so much sympathy sex.  But after a while that gets kinda old.  But still, remember Rebecca Anderson?"

"You're Kidding!  No Way!  You boofed Rebecca Anderson?"

"Yeah!  Among others.  I think I owe you for that one.  Boof anyone famous up there?"

"Well there is no actual boofing."

"Well that blows."

"Not really, I mean everything else more than makes up for it.  To be perfectly honest once you are a fully spiritual being in Heaven the pleasures make sex seem like taking a dump."

"well that isnt' a good image."

"Yeah I mean its great.  Met a lot of famous people though!  James Dean is part of my poker group.  So is Paul Walker.  Ryan Dunn is too." Eric said Proudly.

"Who is Ryan Dunn again?" Brain asked.

"He was that guy in Jackass." Eric said visibly offended.

"Oh yeah I forgot about that show!  Its been a while since they had shows like that on tv.  Wait... All those people you mentioned.  They all died in car crashes."

"Yeah, we kind of all hang out together.  People who died in car wrecks.  Dying in a car wreck is seen as extremely cool up there."

"But you died choking on a toy car that was in a bowl of popcorn.  Shouldn't you be hanging out with the choking people?"

"Well there was a lot of confusion after they cured death, you know, and how I died wasn't really the issue it was more that I was the last one who would ever arrive that took the headlines."

"You lied didn't you."

"Well I wouldn't say I lied.  I just sort of"

"No you lied, admit it."

"I just didn't tell them the whole story.  They all just kind of assumed.  Everybody was watching, and I mean EVERYBODY.  From Abraham Lincoln to a guy I call Captain Caveman. They asked me how I died all of them knowing that I was the last resident.  I mean I didn't mean to and it wasn't my fault."

"What did you say?"

"I just said there was this car, and then remembering it I started coughing instinctively and Dale Earnhardt put his hand on my shoulder and said he couldn't stop coughing either when he first arrived.  Everyone laughed and I never got a chance to correct him."

"So all of your friends are people who died in car wrecks?"  

"No I got all kinds of friends, its just car wrecks are kind of my main clique.  But i've met tons of famous people."

"Jim Morrison?"

"Hell yeah.  Trippy dude.  He's completely convinced that he's tripping on acid and we are all part of his trip."

"David Bowie?"

"Yeah, and he is still creating great music.  I think he gets mad though because he looks like androgynous 70s David Bowie but people keep asking him if he's planning to look like Labyrinth Bowie any time soon."

"Did you get to meet Elvis?"

"No, turns out Elvis isn't dead."

"Weird."

"Right?"

"So how long are you here for?" asked Brian realizing how truly awkward this was.

"I'm not sure. I mean I could be here a while or go any moment."

"I thought you said your being famous up there had pull.  That you were able to pull off coming down here because of it.  You don't know how long you're here for?"

"Well it wasn't really well thought out.  I mean I didn't really ask to come back persay, and I really don't know how to get back."

"What do you mean?"

"Well i'm kind of superglued to this chair.  Bunch of the guys on the titanic thought it would be funny to haze the new guy and superglue me to this chair.  They should be back any moment though, i'm sure of it."