The man stared at Jason. “Please,” he begged, spluttering bloody spit as he did. “Please.”

Jason stared back, peering through the single lightbulb illuminating the room. The man sat tied to a wooden chair, his nose leaking blood and one eye swollen shut. Jason didn't know his name, only that he owed money. Though, that was all Jason needed to know. With a small nod, Jason raised his hammer up, its pointy side facing down.

The man shook his head, spluttering more pathetic phrases before Jason slammed his weapon down. The hammer lodged itself into the man’s skull with a sickening crunch and then the man slumped down, held up only by rope and chair.

“Dump him into the streets,” Jason said, “make it public.” And he took a rag to his hammer, wiping away the blood.

“Yes, sir.” The thugs around him said and proceeded to drag away the body.

At first, Jason had been reluctant to kill. He nearly blew his cover when he had passed on a blunt. But now, he was one of the most feared men in the gang, the second-in-command and the most vicious killer of them all. Nobody suspected a thing from him and he didn’t know if that was a good thing. The CIA certainly thought so.

“Jason,” Darren said, nudging him on the shoulder. “Can we talk?” His face was serious, which was rare. Usually, he had too many drugs in his system to give anything more than a sloppy smile. He was a pale white boy whose hoodies hung off of him like he was a clothesline.

Jason gave the corpse a final glance. *Playground rules, eh?* he thought before turning and responding, “Yeah, let's go."

Darren nodded and proceeded to a backroom. Jason followed after him, stepping through the door Darren held open for him. As soon as it closed behind them, Darren turned and said, “It’s about Eric. I think he’s a narc.”

A smile touched Jason’s lips. “Really, I heard something similar.”

Darren’s eyes widened and he let out a relieved breath. “Oh thank god. I wasn’t sure and I didn’t want to throw around accusations.”

“Of course,” Jason said with a nod. “Though, the thing *I* heard was about you.”

Somehow, Darren turned even paler. “That’s bullshit,” he stammered. “I ain’t a god damn narc. C’mon, Jason, you know me. We did the Port Job together! Who the hell's spreading this shit?.”

“Eric is." Jason said.

A figure emerged from the shadows, towering over both men. It was Eric. Unlike Darren, he was a dark and muscular man, bald at twenty-five with a voice so deep, it sounded almost comical. “You think I'm a narc?”

“I saw your badge,” Darren spat with a pointed finger. “You’re DEA.”

“Sounds like something the *FBI* would say.” Eric crossed his arms and narrowed his eyes. “Of course those god damn paper pushers would throw around accusations like the DEA. They haven’t had an original thought in a decade.”

"Fuck you." Darren's brow crunched. "When I saw your badge, I was honestly so surprised. I couldn't believe that the DEA was sending people in so deep nowadays. Must be really different from the usual scheduled program of shooting high school stoners.”

“I ain’t DEA you bastard. But hypothetically, if I were DEA, I’d so much happier that I wouldn’t have to pucker my lips every time my boss pulls his pants down to shit. It’s why you FBI Suits get caught so damn always. What self-respecting killer is gonna bend over and kiss ass on command?”

“Oh please. For the record, I ain’t FBI. But if I were, I’d be laughing at the DEA sending in the darkest most muscular man they can for every undercover job this side of the hemisphere. Need a killer? Oh shit, we got just the right man for the job—big and black. It’s the 21st century asshole.”

“You think I’m here just because of my skin color?”

“And your height.”

“Oh hell no.”

In a single motion, Eric pulled out his revolver and pointed it at Darren. At the same time, Darren pulled his own Glock, holding it sideways.

“Now I know you’re FBI,” Eric growled. “Don’t even know how to properly hold a gun. You ever shoot one before you paper-pushing suit?”

“Just like the DEA to be so trigger happy,” Darren spat back. “You got some weed in your back pocket to sprinkle on me after you pull the trigger?”

Jason crunched over and burst into laughter. “Guys,” he said, “put your damn guns down. We’re all on the same side. I’m CIA.”

The other two paused with saucer eyes. Then, they both turned, their guns aimed at Jason.

“What the hell?” Jason screamed, drawing his dual pistols.

“I know all about CIA,” Darren said. His finger twitched on the trigger. “You gonna get us both killed so you can have all the credit. Probably gonna drop a real sappy suicide note by our bodies so you can tell the public we shot ourselves in the back of the head.”

“You forgot the part where they first put us in Guantanamo and torture us until we agree to wear hijabs and scream ‘Allah’ at the top of our lungs,” Eric added. “Fuck the CIA.”

Jason crunched his jaw. “You incompetent ass hats are going to blow my cover.” He paused. “My hypothetical cover.”

“Fuck your cover,” Darren said. “You’re about to blow mine… if we are both pretending to be in cover that is.”

“Yeah,” Eric tacked on. “Since this is only pretend right now and none of us are law enforcement, I can say that you guys are going to blow this whole pretend operation!”

“Okay!” Jason shouted. “So all of this is hypothetical and we’re all just pretending, right?”

“Yeah!” the other two nodded back.

“Good! So let’s lower our guns and stop pretending to be hypothetical narcs so we can start being real gangsters. On three. One. Two. Three.”

Everyone lowered their gun. 

Darren let out a relieved breath. Eric cleared his throat and clutched his heart. Jason simply smiled.

“Okay,” Jason said, “let’s stop horsing around and get back to work. We got some more debts to collect.”

The other two nodded. They had finally come to an understanding. Well, they had. Jason was just glad that the second he had heard they might be narcs, he had already drafted their suicide notes.

