"Captain Boudreau , pass me that there double double would ya?" I say to my commander.

"Get it your own darn self, I'm tryna finish my sour cream glazed," he says back. "Don't want any of my sticky fingurs gettin' on yer cup there, eh."

Boudreau is finishing his donut, flipping through an intelligence dossier. He's got the bombs ready to fly. He picks up his CB radio.

"Roger Roger, this HabsFanCommand coming in, you copy there?" He says.

"Ah by, loud 'n clear me by," said LeBlanc, the only Newfoundlander who's made it to this elite team of Canadian soldiers.

"Put down yer screech, and pull oof tha road would ya?" Said Boudreau. "We've just finished our Timmie's and are aboot to deploy the bombs."

"Eh by, this zamboni clearin' a mighty pace by, can't stop her now," he responds. 

"Sir, I got a message from the president, says it's right important." I say to my commander. 

"Tell him I'm occupied but please take a message would ya," he replies.

Our headquarters is full of deer jerky, cases of Alpine and Labbatt Blue. The entire conference table is full of bags of Roast Chicken Lays, and Tim Hortons donuts and coffee. We're set for righteous celebration when this all goes down.

"Private, can you pump up the Rush?" I am ordered. "We're aboot to rock n roll."

I press play on the CD player. Instead of Rush's Limelight that was supposed to queued up, it turns out Gowan's Moonlight Desires was next.

"Even betta rook," my commander says. "This takes me back to the time Loose Linda and I split a quart of Crown Royal after eatin' a mighty load of garlic fingers from Pizza Delight. She had donair stains on her titties for days young lad."

As my commander player air synth to Gowan he pressed deploy on the bombs. Our monitors lit up with explosions. LeBlanc's zamboni just ripped through the US border, they never saw it coming. 

Incoming faxes to headquarters are stacking up with surrenders. In an unprecedented victory Canada is now the worlds number one and lone super power.

"Job well down boys, let's head her down to St. Hubert's and get fucked up!" Said Boudreau.

"Imma get blacked out tonight,
Woooo!" I scream.

As I let out my primal battle cry The Headpins smash hit Don't It Make Ya Feel comes out. We're going right bonkers. 