Once there was a girl who liked to go walking.  She would put on her red dress, her soft, cotton socks, her bright yellow rainboots (in case of puddles), and her favorite hat- the one with the flower in it.  Then, she would pack a lunch with a thermos full of cold, freshly-squeezed lemonade in her backpack along with a few other useful items, and set out for her walk.

One morning, she decided to try a new path. She went over a hill, through a bright and sunny meadow full of wildflowers, and into a deep, dark wood.  It was cool and comfortable under the canopy of thick, green leaves, and she smiled as she continued on her way.

Suddenly, she heard a plaintive cry from the tree nearby.

"Young lady, would you be so kind as to help me? I appear to be stuck."

The girl looked around but could not see anyone.

"Up here," said the voice.

She craned her neck to look high up into the tree.

There, on a thick branch, lay a very disgruntled-looking black cat with curious golden eyes.

"Did you speak?" the girl asked.

"Who else would it have been?" the cat replied a bit sarcastically.

"I've never known a cat to talk," the girl said.

"Have you ever known a cat to fly?" the cat replied.

The girl squinted and realized that the strange, fan-like objects on both sides of the cat's body were not leaves at all but dark, glossy wings.

"You're...a catbird?" she asked.

"Don't be daft," the cat replied. "I'm a cat. I'm just a rare breed."

The girl had never heard of a winged breed of cat, but she held her tongue because she knew that it would be rude to pry.

"Now then," the cat replied, "There was something shiny in this knot up near the trunk and I stuck my paw inside, but now I can't get it out.  Might you be able to help me get free?"

The girl looked up at the tree.  It didn't look very easy to climb, but there was a tree next to it that seemed a bit easier to scale. She carefully took off her boots and her socks and placed them next to the tree before shimmying up the thin trunk and pulling herself onto the first branch.  

Soon after, she had finally jumped into the tree where the cat had trapped its paw and reached him in no time flat.

"Hmm," she said, as the cat scrunched over slightly to help her get a better view, "Are you in pain?"

"No, but I can't pull the shiny thing out with it in my paw," the cat complained, swishing his tail back and forth, his wings fluttering in agitation.

"Why not let it go?" the girl replied.

"What, and lose a perfectly lovely shiny treasure?" the cat asked, "Are you mad?"

"What if," the girl said with a thoughtful look, "I were to get it out for you using this?"

She rummaged in her knapsack and pulled out a pair of tongs.

"Why would you have such a thing with you?" the cat asked.

"You never know when you'll need a nice set of tongs," the girl said with a shrug.

"Hmm," the cat replied, "that may just do the trick."

He let go of the object very reluctantly and his paw slipped out instantly.

The girl lowered the tongs into the hole.

"You promise you won't take it, right?" the cat asked anxiously.

"I promise," she replied, and with a quick snap of the tongs, she pulled it out.

They both gaped at the large, pearlescent orb. In the dappled sunlight, it appeared to refract the light, throwing tiny rainbows around it.

"What is it?" the girl asked.

"It's mine, obviously," the cat replied, batting at it in his paw.

"That may be true, but don't you want to know what it is?" the girl replied.

"Hmph," the cat replied, "you obviously know nothing about cats."

With a bored gesture, he batted the orb so hard with one paw that it flew off the branch and plummeted towards the ground.

The girl let out a surprised yelp and quickly slid down the tree as quickly as she could, but the orb hit the ground before she could catch it. Instead of breaking, it seemed to bounce as though it were made of rubber. The girl quickly grabbed put on her cotton socks and slid her feet into her boots and ran after it just as the cat spread its wings and took chase as well.

They followed the bouncing orb out of the forest, through the bright and sunny meadow filled with wildflowers, over a hill and finally...

"My home!" the girl exclaimed, as the little cottage came into view.  The orb didn't stop, though, and bounced right through her open kitchen window.  The girl heard a loud crash and unlocked her front door with the flying cat not far behind.

There, on her stove, was the orb in one of her large stew pots.

"Oh no!" she cried, seeing the large, ugly crack up one side of it, "now it's broken!"

The cat cocked his head to the side as he placed one furry ear against it. "I don't think that's it," he replied.

With a loud cracking noise, the orb bounced into the air and flew towards the girl. She caught it with a squeak of surprise and held it tightly.  The orb was almost feverishly warm by this time and she could feel that more cracks had appeared on the exterior of the orb.

"It's an egg," she said with wonder, as a large piece of the shell finally fell away, exposing a large, violet eye.

"Squeak!" said the eye.

"Well, come on then," the cat said impatiently to the egg, "we don't have all day."

The creature stirred and pushed hard against the shell of its egg with renewed vigor, and soon the tiny lizard had broken free.  It lay panting in the girl's hands as it recovered from hatching.  A tiny spout of flame poured from its nostrils and the girl watched in awe as tiny leathery wings unfurled from its heaving sides, the membranous skin so thin that she could nearly see through them.

"It's a dragon," she breathed.

"She's a dragon," the cat replied smugly. "Only the girls have the jeweled tails."

Sure enough, when the girl looked, she could see that the baby's tail was adorned with rubies.

"I'll be taking her, then," the cat said, making a move for the baby.

"Oh no you don't," the girl replied, closing her hands protectively over the baby dragon. "You said you wanted the egg. Well, here you go."

She placed the egg shell in a pile on the floor for the cat.

"Hmph," the cat said, "you're no fun. Besides, do you even know the first thing about caring for a baby dragon?" 

"I'll learn," the girl replied. "I won't let you hurt her."

"*Hurt* her?" The cat seemed to think this was amusing. "I don't want to hurt her. Who do you think is going to teach her to fly? A wingless human such as yourself? Don't make me laugh.  I'll just have to stick around so that she can learn what it really means to take wing."

"Are you sure you don't just want to stay for a free saucer of milk and a nice warm sunbeam to sleep in for as long as you like?" the girl replied with a smirk.

"Well I won't say no if you're offering," the cat said, puffing up his chest.

And so, the dragon and the winged cat came home to stay with the girl who loved to go on long walks. She knitted a scarf for the dragon, who she named Ruby Tuesday for the song, the day she was born and her tail. She made a shiny collar of bronze and gold for the cat, whose name, she learned, was Fred.

"Such a common name for such an uncommon cat," she mused, as they picnicked in the sunny meadow filled with colorful wildflowers. Ruby half-glided through the air and collected colorful flowers in her mouth as the cat sprawled out on his back, warming his fur.

"You're not so bad yourself," the cat replied, receiving a lovely tummy scratch from the girl.

Then the girl smiled and lay back, looking up at the deep blue sky, which was dotted with tiny white clouds.  It was shaping up to be another beautiful day.