  I awake in a cold sweat. The last visions of a dream I had been living slip from my grasp. It seemed so vivid, so real. I reach for the last thread of memory connecting me to this dream, but it fades away.
  Oh well.
  There is a dull throb on the back of my head where it currently lays. It hurts. It's an unusual feeling. I roll onto my side to alleviate this pain, but it just rushes towards the back of my eyes.
  My eyes.
  I open them for the first time, and quickly I close and reopen so that they may adjust to the light. It's a pleasant scene. A lone tree stands tall against a building, its foliage protecting my eyes from the stab of the light behind it.
  Oh the sky.
  This view is something precious. A thought makes its way in between the throbs that dominate my head. Like a tickle of remembrance, I've seen this before. But surely I would remember such beauty.
  My eyes roll down towards the building behind the tree. It is starkly bland against the beauty of the sky. Its pallet of dirt brown and almost red bricks form together in unsteady rows to make a wall. A lone window with and off-white cross and frame holds almost no view, as the bland wall seems to have been intentionally covered with a wall of bushes. The bushes seemed to have given up on their task though, as most do not have enough leafs to hide the branches, and subsequently the wall.
  A door hides in a short walkway at the end of the bushes. One brass handle seems to catch a little light and gleam defiantly against the wood-colored door that surely wasn't wood. The shingles of on roof show wear as some have began to curl and reach for the sky. Help me, they seem to say.
  Help me.
  "Help me," a voice says from out of view. "Somebody help me!"
  Ah sound.
  I hear the singing of nature around me. Animals from the tree chirp cheerfully as they leap into the air and dance in the wind. It's wonderful. How I wish I could fly like that.
  An insect buzzes near my ear, landing on the back of my neck. I can feel it's legs walk around my nape. I can feel a gently push on my back. Again, the push.
  "Gavin please!"
  Oh now that is familiar. That is my name.
  "Gavin answer me, please!" She sounds so sincere. I roll onto my back, and then onto my other side towards the voice. She is beautiful.
  Her hair flows with the wind and settles like silk. It shines brightly against her pale complexion. A deathly pale that would concern me, were not for the ever so faint blush of red on her cheeks. I reach for her hair and push the loose strands back behind her ear. She is so cold.
  Tears start to well up in her bright, round eyes. They are the same color as the sky. I do not wish to see her cry. I tell her, "You are the most beautiful thing I have ever seen."
  She begins to cry uncontrollably.
Big fat drops roll down beside her petite nose and around her fine lips. My hand follows the tears as they continue onto her elegant jaw line and then down to her shaking chin. From there the tears dropped onto her ruffled white dress. Onto the blood stain.
  Her dress is equal parts blood red and snow white. On her left side is a gaping hole the size of my open hand in her dress, just below her ribs. The skin there is not as smooth as the skin on her face. The fresh scar tissue will mar her appearance for the rest of her life.
  As I gently feel the scar she begins to stiffen. My eyes follow a red trail, presumably left by her, leading to a pool of blood mixes fluids leaking from a metal mess on a black path.
  "Are you okay?" I ask her.
  Her crying is briefly interrupted as she answers me, "I think I am." She tries to gather herself and stop crying. "I- how did you-", more tears, "Gavin what did you give to do this?"
  I look into her eyes. "I don't...", I don't know what she's talking about, "I don't know."
She pulls my aching head into her bloody lap and begins her sobbing anew. This is surely a moment I will never forget.