Water, so very cold the water. A jostle of ice and a instinctive gasp for the air that isn't there. Yet the young man breathed indeed, and then there was light. Followed by the void of unconsciousness.

Memories flashed by of the young man's life. The hazy memories of the early childhood and the traumas and triumphs of the middleschool days. And then the highschool years, as he relived his first dabble with drugs, and that dark cold night where he first made love to a girl, before she too was gone in the great river of memories that sped up as he grew closer to the present. And then there was a endless brightness as he became aware of the sensation of his eyes furiously blinking and watering, and the cold metal table he was resting on.

A gasp once more, deep and long. Lungs learning to breathe after a lifetime of disuse. And then brief choking, followed by a sudden slam to his back, a painful bow, as the man now coughed, splayed on his side as the obstructing layer of phlegm was expelled and the man began to breathe.

"Just breath careful now buddy, long slow breaths just like that. We're giving you something for the pain," a muffled voice spoke as the blur of a face appeared over him. He became aware of the various poking and prodding that was being done to him, and the sudden pinch of a needle in his arm. The young man held his breath, preparing for the ecstasy that he knew would accompany the intravenous injection. But instead, to his surprise, a cold sensation began, a dulling sensation which left him in a state of benign numbness.

The doctors ran more diagnostics as the mans vision slowly cleared. He saw strange looking camera's make slow passes over him, instrumentation beyond anything the man had ever seen. Was this death? Some rude awakening where you were prodded by demons before being sent to some satanic punishment? Talking once more at him, he focused hard to pay attention.

"We'll be taking you to orientation now." a lanky yet beautiful looking woman spoke, looking down on him with a maternal look.

"Where am I?" He whispered out, his voice sounding raspy and alien.

The nurse smiled and looked up, "The orientation will explain everything." She began to push his bed out of the room with the various machines and the doctors, who had mysteriously vanished.

His vision was still poor, but the young man could make out a long white hallway with intermittent lights that lay inset to the sealing in a seamless (and very advanced) sort of fashion which made the light appear to come from nowhere, a point of energy hovering in space, illuminating the long hallway with a mirror to one side, what the young man assumed to be one-way glass, after which he eyed it curiously, yet shyly, a trait from his upbringing, a habit irrevocably ingrained from a lifetime of repetition.

The nurse arrived with him at another door, which opened sideways automatically for her. They entered a small darkened theater with a single plushy chair in the center, a large glass sheet within arms reach. The woman wheeled him over before picking up his body with surprising ease before gently lowering him into the leather chair. Then she looked at him for a moment before nodding curtly. "You'll know where to find me if you go for a vacation," she said, winking with a suspicious smile. And then she left, wheeling the bed that was not quite a gurney with her, and then to this surprise, a sudden voice spoke.

"GREETINGS JAMES CONWAY. I AM THE ORIENTATION BOT. PLEASE STAY SEATED WHILE THE SHORT CLIP RUNS. THEN, FEEL FREE TO ASK ANY QUESTIONS YOU HAVE."

The screen lit up in sudden intensity, a logo he did not recognize appearing on the screen as a exotic orchestra began playing in the background. A much friendlier female voice began to speak.

"Hello. I'm sure the top question on your mind is, where am I right now? And the answer may seem ridiculous, or out of this world." she said with a hint of laughter .

"You are a client of LiveLimitless, a virtual-lifetime experience provider. You existed as James Conway in the early 21st century. It is now 2565, your awakening having been caused by a malfunction of our systems. For this you have been recompensated." Images of his life flashed across the screen in front of him, pictures from the life he knew so well. Yet the images were from beyond his memory, yet unquestionable in there authenticity, and so the young man had another moment of lucidity as the situation took on a less dream-like quality, his mind only beginning to digest the womans words, even as she spoke once more.

"Taking into account your current, virtual-adapted mind, LiveLimitless imagines you are likely feeling a complex array of emotions, perhaps unbearable as your mind processes this situation. We offer a simple choice. Please listen."

The womans voice ended with a tone of urgency and the man looked up from his daze, the words "PLEASE PAY ATTENTION" plastered across the screen. The request roused him from his discordant state of mind, and he focused once more, the nerve-numbing effect beginning to wear off.

"You may return to your life, with the memory of this event removed, where you may live on until psuedorandomness returns you to the real world once more." A single image of his last moment in life flashed before him on the screen, him amongst his friends in deep conversation from a third-person view, beers in hand with a dirty bong resting on the table, the greater countryside stretching beyond them. A life on the road with friends he had known his whole life.

The female voice spoke once more, interrupting his grand reminiscence. "Your second choice is an elevation to administrator status, where the world becomes your sandbox, with anything your mind can imagine possible." 

A collage of videos began to play of various scenes from other great moments of history. The man stood silent as he witnessed the triumphs of a thousand other lifetimes. Moments of eternal glory that would be remembered forever. The first everest summit, an apollo astronaut taking his first steps on the moon, a man making a speech to tens of thousands of people about race, and equality and dreams.

"Any experience is possible. You may travel back far to build an ancient hunnic empire of your own, or set out to conquer thousands of alien planets in a reality set thousands of years in the future. The limit truly is your imagination."

He stared forward, his mind racing with possibilities, but most of all with the question.

"And the third choice?" he managed to croak, his voice so foreign to his own. So much deeper, and *different*.

"The third choice is you end your cycle now, and your previous memories of your original life, are reintegrated into your mind. A database with all the memories of this life, and all previous is made available as well.

"All previous?" he spoke, his attention suddenly sharp as the last feeling of the nerve-suppressant faded away faster than expected.

"Viewing of past lifetimes is only permitted if memory-integration takes place." There was a silence, the machine quiet to let him make his choice.

The young man thought of his life, the one he remembered. All of his friends, his family, his brother and two sisters who he loved so very dearly, whom he would die for in a heart beat. To leave them behind? To leave any of them behind? Yet he looked down at his arm, pale and thin from atrophy, but indistinguishably different from his own body in every way. Was this the person he was the entire time? The person he had been? He thought of the administration mode, with it's endless possibilities. A hundred billion lifetimes experienced only in there exciting moments, before being forgotten to freshen the experience in an endless loop of rediscovery and wonder. A limitless ecstasy. Yet there was the allure of the real world. An island of unknown in a sea of what he thought he knew and understood about the universe. A chance to go beyond and see how the real humanity had turned out, and who he really was. And yet he himself had thrust his mind into a virtual lifetime, experienced in full. Surely he had done that for a reason?

The conflict swirled in his mind, voices in his head debating as the seconds grew into dozens of minutes. And then the young man spoke.

"I know what I want to do."



