Why must we hold our values as superior to the ones from decades past? I know what you're saying...because *we know better*, and damn it if I didn't agree.

They say the road to hell is lined with good intentions. What's one little lie? One litte improvement to history? Surely we could have done without silly little mistakes, without the worse of humanity, like slavery, the world wars, so much lycra in the 80's. You know, things that we lived to regret as a species.

I had the power. It was something I had first heard in one of my rare glimpses onto the tv, when I was not studying, "I have the power", He-man would shout. Little did I know that I had a power. Reality morphed itself to my will.

Oh not in big ways, I didn't stand out. Who knows what the world - the world I could control - would do with such an information? Surely imprisionments and briberies.

I could be the worse threat the world had ever had, if not for the fact I wanted to do good. Good, such a simple, concept, it's an ideal, one which is to be followed.

As a history buff, of course, I knew that the definition of good changed constantly, with those in power, with the views of society. But well, I had been brought up a certain way. While teenager me defiantly shouted order, mature ol' graduate me didn't think it so.

There had to be order, right? It was small things at first -  The library of Alexandria doesn't burn, we never lost the way to speak ancient hebrew, or the old old sprawls of Greek. Many lost stories I recovered..

Only I didn't think them right. I'm not much of a poet, surprisingly, my creativity limited and imagination lacking.  It was the reason I was so into history, every tale to entertain me had been written.

But when I got my hands on some lost scrolls - or not some lost scrolls as it was for the rest of the world, I could see my influence. It was just how I imagined them, it was as if I had written them, plotted them and executed them. It was my writing - or at least the wildest deviations of my mind. Hauled as genial.

And what of war? What of Lycra? Every action has consequences, every string drawn and touching another one, like a cobweb. Events are set to repeat, but what if you remove the first instance? What do they draw on?

What of advances due to the Cold War? What of the foundation of our modern economic system and the abandonment of the gold standard? All those came from tragedies - truly horryfing things - but even in blight there's progress, there's hope.

I am here to say, I'm at fault. The world is a desolated, backwards place. 

I thought to be getting rid of hatred and war, and millions of deaths. But it's no man's job to mingle with fate. I might be all powerful. But I'm not all knowing. 

And, as I stand over a world, a world I barely recognise anymore, all I can say is. I'm sorry. The back of my neck sweats with every factual mistake soon to be fact, the tendons in my hand are tense, and my teeth chatter.

And though I'm ultimately aware of just how wrong - and dangerous this is - I cannot have it in me, to leave it. - My intentions were good I assure you.

Please...believe me?
.
.
.

Please?
