It had been so long, I couldn’t even remember the name of the save file. There were a few experiments that could be interesting to revisit but I had a particular one in mind. After sifting through a series of unsuccessful saves filled with barren mountains and drowned continents, I stumbled upon it. 

When I had left, life had seemed to reach its natural end. I had become bored and nuked the planet. All that hard work, crafting and nudging, pushing and priming, just to destroy it all after a long day. It had been satisfying watching everything crumble. I set the timer to continue in my absence, and then left it. That was millions of years ago. 

A dark shadow of a planet rotated on my screen, as I had left it. A prompt appeared asking if I wanted to watch a recap or skip to the present. *Surprise me,* I clicked confidently. Lights blossomed on my screen. The once dark shadow was luminous. A few areas remained dark. I rolled over the planet and a window popped up giving me a brief overview. Mostly sedimentary rock, large bodies of fresh and saltwater, much less vegetation than I had expected, volcanoes, earthquake lines, all the good stuff. I picked as good a continent to zoom in on as any and double clicked. The lights seemed concentrated on what looked to be coastlines. They also seemed to be random, or at least not in an order I could place. I chose the West coast, as it had slightly less light patterns to decipher than the East. Maybe I could make sense of this. 

As the program moved forwards, I realized that the landscape had been modified outside of my programing. Forests weren’t where they should have been, wetlands weren’t showing the usual stats. I hadn’t waited to see the affects of my tantrum, but I knew it couldn’t have ruined the program so entirely. Just a tsunami or so, I’d figured. This was beyond that. Swaths of land were gridded in a pattern I’d purposefully coded against. Why would I want mono-cultures of plants in slabs? I winced at the aesthetics. Maybe a code issue after all. The program could have just repeated the same crop over and over, glitched out. Even still, I’d have expected to see more variety.

As I got closer, it got worse. There were pockets of heat flaring up on my sensors. The UI could barely give me the detail needed to see where the heat was coming from or to isolate it. I could see, however, just at a glance, that it was related to these tall spires. I pulled the angle down so I could see the side of the spires. They seemed to be a heat-trapping compound, similar to when water seeped into the sediment granules and oxidized. This, again, was too uniform. I pulled back out, turned the light UI off, and focused on the heat. The whole planet was off. The oceans were much warmer than they should have been, dead-zones where I would have expected to see life indicators. In fact, the whole thing seemed off. Perhaps the lights themselves were glitches and had spurred all of this. 

I sighed in frustration. I had hoped coming back to this save that something interesting and unique had manifested. Instead, it seemed order had prevailed. My randomization meter must have fluxed with the tantrum. I felt tricked. At first the lights seemed to be random, interesting. But on further inspection, and additional overlays, they correlated with life and heat indicators. Just a frustrating glitch manifesting.

I opened the task manager.

*Delete Save File?*

I hesitated. Sure this experiment had been disappointing to say the least. But maybe if I took a look at the code and removed the glitch, it could be salvaged. Not today, in any case. But one day.

*Save Game*

I clicked, and closed, knowing that the planet would be waiting if I ever decided to come back. Maybe I would. It could do with a little chaos. 

---

I know I'm a little late to the game, but I thought I would submit anyway! Thanks for the interesting prompt :)