"Finally", I said to myself after my long awaited death. I was able to leave the material world, not the way I had imagined as a little kid but there is no right or wrong way to leave the earth. Much to my suprise my soul wasn't being transported to a fire fueled inferno but instead I was presented with two different realms. One was heart warming, I immediately understood it was heaven, the other I reasoned was hell but hell didn't give me a despairing feeling it was rather melancholy. Something drove me to proceed into hells realm, maybe it was the all too familiar sad feeling I felt here. 
      My soul instantly connected to a being that sat on the edge of a cliff. I've never felt so understood before in my life. The acknowledgment of my existence had me feeling exhilarated, that's all I wanted on earth and here on hell was were I received it. As I walked towards the being I noticed he was playing the harmonica, sweet blue tunes played that resonate with my soul. Every step I took I understood this beast more and more. It was opening up to me I received his memories his feelings and knew this was Satan.
     " why are you here? I already know who you are and you who I am. I cannot comprehend your decisions in the after life, that is beyond my power. So I ask again, why are you here? He looked at his Harmonica the whole time. " this place reminds me of home, the atmosphere not the setting." I said, " eventually you get used to the feeling, the feeling that your all alone." " I guess I saw myself in you" I said. He laughed and said. " that's my line." We basked in loneliness together while he played his harmonica. I spoke, " I imagine everyone went to heaven, even your demons." " those demons are an extension of me, I created them from fractions of my soul to help me govern hell but they left me here broken." " I linked with you when you entered to help fill the void but you are filled with great sadness instead of anger." " the entrance you came into is the entrance for those who commit suicide." " I cannot leave this place for this place is me." " can you not go to heaven?" I asked. " if I walk through that realm I will dissolve, what I am cannot exist in that realm." I said, " so that's your form of suicide. I did it and I met you, the being who I've bonded with the most." " what if there's peace for you past that realm?" He pondered but did not answer. 
" walk with me" I said as I stood up. He stood up and took my hand. He had had enough loneliness for he was quick in his movements, when he was about to take his step through the realm of his home he turned and looked one last time. He blew a mighty breathe and extinguished the flames of hell. 
        " Ready to walk through?" I asked. " I suppose, anything to rid this pain. We stepped through the realm to heaven. I saw him dissipate but he wore a smile. I understood the peace he was feeling, I kissed his check and his smile grew. 
After I stood at the white gates alone I felt something in my hand. I looked and noticed a metallic shine, he had left me his harmonica. 