"Do you know who I am?" I asked stepping toward the thugs who were holding a pretty brunette at gun point.

They wore their dark hoodies up, and both of them had the Dragon's gang symbol emblazoned on the front and back. 

"Nah, you look familar though," answered the thug with a gold chain hanging on his neck and hoodie. The other thug with the gun didn't say anything.

I took another step forward and raised my hands together, close enough to strike out with a lunge even though I did not want to fight. Then I cracked my knuckles. My fists glowed in the dark of night, a cruel red, as though a blacksmith was forging a sword of legends.

"I am the Immortal Iron Fist, Protector of Kun Lun, Sworn Enemy of the Hand. Slayer of the great dragon Shou-Lau and the chimera god Ai Apaec. My name is Danny Rand. And you have drawn my ire."

I tightened my hand causing my knuckles to crack and my fist flared up, tendrils of crimson floated outwards.

The armed thug took it as a challenge, and he pushed the woman to the ground and pivoted towards Danny while taking aim.

I leapt forward with all my ferocity I could muster and swung at his throat. He collapsed, choking, and tried to get up. I struck him again and again and again, each blow creating more red chaos. 

The thug's partner with the gold chain ran, I could hear the slap of heavy feet on pavement.

When I got to the ground I stopped hitting the man. 

Short of breath, I reached out with a dim hand on her shoulder and asked the brunette, "Are you okay?"

"Y-yes..." she managed to say.

"I'll take care of this, are you close to home?"

"It's right over there," she pointed out an apartment down the block.

"Okay, I'll watch you and call the police for this guy."

She ran to the building.

I called the police, it took half an hour for them to get here and for me to give a statement. They thanked me for a hard day's work again, and told me I was making a difference.

I smiled. I took down petty thugs and a small-time parahuman or two. They thought I was a parahuman too, with some martial arts skills or something. But I wasn't.

I had the ability to make my fists glow. I was the only one who knew. Some people have great powers, the ability to change the world with a snap of their fingers. I didn't, but I still tried. I thought of the woman I saved tonight. 

It was enough for others, and it was enough for me.