"Enough of your negativity, Professor Ploofypants!" Admiral Fuzzybottoms looked sternly at his adviser. As sternly as a three-foot high ball of multicolored fur could muster. He sighed to himself, knowing that his orders were likely suicide, but he is a proud warrior, bred from the finest (and fluffiest) heroes of the Squeelee race. Plus, his fleet had made short work of other adversaries throughout the galaxy, including the Wussiwoos, the Nim-Nims, and the clever Boobeaus.

"Is the fleet in formation?"

"Aye, Admiral, and the Human ships are about to engage us," replied his second-in-command, Captain Fleeberry.
"Good. Begin the first phase of the attack."

The Squeelee battle cruisers, resplendent in their royal dust ruffles, opened fire on the Humans. A salvo of rainbows pierced the inky blackness of space, glittering in color, and looking rather pretty.

"No effect," Capt. Fleeberry reported, "except...it looks like some of their ships readjusted the blinds on their windows."

"Phase Two!" The Admiral's concern was growing. The rainbow barrage usually took at at least some of them. And they had drilled to make the colors look AMAZING.

The Squeelees adjusted their formation, buzzing around each other until they formed a perfect sphere around the Human fleet. From the deck of each ship, a large cannon emerged. The Admiral smiled to himself, causing at least eight dimples to appear on his fuzzy cheeks. "Let them feel the fury of our latest weapon."

From the combined maws of the cannon emerged long tendrils of a pink, cloudy substance, shimmering with crystals that look something like sugar. One of the Human ships lists almost imperceptibly as the pink cotton hits it square on the starboard side. A small jet of flame erupts from this ship and melts the pink cloud of cottony goodness into tar.

As the Human ship rammed his flagship, breaching the candy-coated shell of its hull, and knocking the numerous throw pillows around the bridge, Admiral Fuzzybottoms flicked on the ship-wide speaker. "Fellow Squeelees, prepare to be boarded! Cuddle them! Cuddle them hard like you've never cuddled before! Hug and nuzzle to the last!"

The door to the bridge blasted open, and a dozen Humans ran in, decked in their battlesuits, and cut down the Admiral and his crew with efficient blasts from their laser pistols. As Admiral Fuzzybottoms lay on his favorite pillow--the one with the happy stars and clouds on it--he looked at the Humans for the first time and thought to himself as the life drained from his round body, "those uniforms are hideous."
