  

As his mind unclouded and his vision returned, his first thought was of his full bladder. His second was of the shockingly bright, bluish lights passing in front of him. 

After he rounded a corner, Noah realized he was traveling down a hallway. Strapped face-up to a bed or stretcher of some sort, the passing ceiling lights (not nearly as bright now that his eyes had adjusted) were the only sign of movement.

Check that. His returning hearing detected the whisper of wheels and the pattering of footsteps. Ungluing his tongue from the roof of his mouth, he eventually rasped out, “Where am I?”

The pace of the footfalls altered slightly. After a few seconds came a pleasant, if not somewhat monotone, voice responded, “This is a cryogenic storage facility on an abandoned military base.”

“Who…?”

“They are Qan. I am a cognitive construct created by the Qan to assist them in their endeavors.”

“Qan?”

“Literally translating as ‘we are’ in one of their ancient languages, Qan are a spacefaring race from a nearby arm of the Milky Way.  The Qan are most notable for possessing a completely biological electro-neuro linkage that allows communication between members.  They also-”

“Electro-what?”

“Electro-neuro linkage.  The closest term in your language is ‘telepathy.’  The Qan share thoughts and emotions at a distance.  The primary way they communicate with others species is through use of cognitive constructs, such as myself.”

“Okay, but… where am I going?”

“You have been selected to assist the Qan in their conflict with the Gh’soon.”

Noah’s memories took that moment to come flooding back to him. Supersoldiers. Modified humans with augmented reflexes and strength. Large swaths of their brain carved out and replaced with microcomputers. Power at the cost of their humanity.

Then: Cleaning. A stumble and a clumsy grab. Sealing doors. Abject terror.

“No!” Noah attempted to turn his head, but it remained strapped tight. “I’m a janitor! I’m not a soldier!”

“The Qan are aware of this. They have successfully recreated the enhancement process. You will be the first of a new wave of soldiers. Followed by your clones.”

“What? Why!?” The panic was evident in his voice now.

“Qan law and ethics forbid the modification or augmentation of any part of Qan neurological systems; their linkage is at the core of who they are.”

A part of Noah’s mind noted that his bladder was no longer full.

“They are Qan. You are not.”