Not this AGAIN! 

I had JUST finished cleaning up the last one. 

You may be reading this some day, future me, and smiling at the thought but right now I am exhausted.  I could understand if father's holdings stretched further that you could throw a stone. I could even understand if my erm... holdings were a bit more stretched.  He isn't even that threatening of a dragon! No control over elements, no telepathic powers, no hoarding tendancies, not even a coat of iron-hard scales. In fact, he isn't even that bright. I really must have Grant pay a call to the breeder to make sure that he didn't pass off the defective one on the naive, has-more-gold-than-brains princess. 

Don't get me wrong, I love Erving, but he isn't exactly, you know, a guard-dragon. Sure, he'll spit a few puffs of fire your direction if he doesn't recognize you, but throw a squirrel towards him and you'll be rubbing (a pointedly soft) dragon belly within a minute. Father loves to feed the thing and adores the idea that his precious daughter is protected by a "Mighty Dragon" but this thing hides when the maids clean after they chased it with a mop one time. Sure, he isn't fully grown but he's 7 years old and still acting like a hatchling. It sounds like I hate him, but I don't. If nothing else, he gives me something to fill my time with.

Just like any pet, dragons make messes all the time. Unlike other pets, you have to dissolve many of those messes in vats of strong acid. Unlike other dragons, Erving dearest can't seem to figure out the concept of "fighting back". Do you know how hard it is to penetrate armor with a dagger and still manage to carry enough force behind the blow to pierce a ribcage? I didn't either until the first of these pompous assholes decided I needed a traditional saving. They've been coming once a week or so ever since.  I just can't let father know that I'm starting to look forward to killing these jerks. 

Oh well. I'll deal with that problem when it arises, until then, back to disposing of a pull set of plate.