"Boss, I won't let him take you!"

I'd taken the kid in years ago. I trained him without holding anything back. Every combat technique, every wild theory that I developed, passed on to one 20 year old boy. And here he stood with sword in hand, shielding me from the Hooded Spectre himself.

I stopped myself from giving advice reflexively. *He's got reach, play defensively, watch for his touch, no telling what it might do.* "Withdraw, son. If he's here, it's for me. Not you."

\---

I had been feeling pain for the last week, but only today had it become consistent. At 95 years old, I had an inkling that this was going to be the big one but opted not to seek the doctor or bother anyone. My affairs were in order, the deed to the house ready to pass on to the boy. I'd even written of my adventures and left them in the basement. Those same adventures had innoculated me against the strangeness of this moment.

When the pain in my chest had reached a crescendo, my pupil leaped at me, drawing his blade in the same smooth motion we had practiced for years, and blocked a strike coming from behind me.

I nearly lost my mind with surprise, but managed to maintain my wise teacher facade. I turned calmly to face my would-be assassin, and there he stood. Death himself. I'll admit that my composure cracked slightly, but it was nothing compared to the shock written all over Death's own stance. He was rocked back on one foot, blade held limply behind him. He wasn't mustering for a counter-attack. Yet.

\---

"Boy, drop your weapon. He's here to do me a favour."

"Boss, I can't do that. You trained me for this fight. I'm ready to protect you. *I can defeat him.*"

I laughed, intentionally harshly. I needed to talk the kid down. "You didn't know blades bigger than a kitchen knife 8 years ago, and you think you can kill Death?"

"Look at his stance. He hasn't had a real fight in a long time..."

The hooded figure had regained his composure and even retreated half a step. His focus was shifting subtly between myself and my student. I didn't like where that line of thought was going.

"Son, like I said: he's here to help me. It's my time to die."

"If I pull this off, no-one will have to die. You're not going anywhere."

Death began shifting through stances, holding his scythe one way, then the other. He was judging how best to take on the boy. I watched as my pupil shifted his own stances correspondingly. I watched with pride.

I just wish I had expressed it more.

I stood for the first time since *he*'d appeared. I made a placating gesture and walked to my student.

"Kid, you've been the best student I've ever taken on. You managed to stay Death's hand and bought me a few minutes to correct a mistake. I've trained you to be the man I wish I had been when I first set out. Every expectation this crazy old man has heaped upon you, you have met and exceeded. You are my legacy and every day spent training you has brought me more joy than I've ever known. You need to let me go. This is the first page of your grand adventure... Charlie."

I should have gotten to know the kid better. Every aspect that I'd seen of him, I was proud of, but there were other areas that we'd never really touched on. Hell, just using his actual name for once was bringing tears to his eyes. Gods, I was a damn fine teacher, but a terrible mentor.

"Okay, Boss. I won't fight," he turned to address the Spectre directly. "If you send this man any direction but paradise, I won't hold back when we meet again."

I nodded. "Thank you, son. If I can, I'll tip some dice in your favour from time to time." With that, I turned and gave myself up to Death, the pride welling in my chest finally overcoming the pain there.

\---

(I've never responded to a WP before, but have always been tempted. I figured that my take was enough of a twist on the prompt to justify an amateurish attempt. Any and all feedback very welcome - I find maintaining consistent/appropriate tense very tricky, so any words of advice there would be nice!)