"You didn't have to," the doctor chuckles. "Wouldn't the voice telling you to do all these terrible crimes be a female voice? Perhaps a reflection of your own voice?"

"The voice may have suggested the thoughts but I was the one that carried out the actions," I muttered becoming angry. "And the voice isn't the one that gave me these powers. Doctors like you are," I said looking up. 

"Jinx, we've been through this," Doctor Stine huffed. "We didn't give you any powers." Doctor Stine hadn't been my permanent doctor until my "accident". At least that's what he'd been calling it. I used to be a doctor here. Doctor Jin Xander, a new comer in the theoretical physics department of such and such secret military science base that is super classified and I am threatened with death if the name is leaked. I am fairly certain you can guess what happened. Weird science experiment goes terribly wrong and now I can do weird things to objects. I am not certain exactly what part I control but I've narrowed it down to the atoms. 

The voice he's talking about isn't from the experiment. It's been there for sometime. I think it could just be my depression, but the geniuses here don't believe it was pre-existing. Anyway...the voice has been fighting me lately. It has been suggesting I be more impulsive. So I stabbed a guy. He was annoying anyway. He lived, I don't see why they had to go all crazy. I guess the fact that I can change solid objects to other states...like liquid is alarming. Jinx is the nickname they've given me. 

Back to my conversation with the dim witted Doctor Stine. "So the fact that I am locked up here and can melt things is unrelated. Okay," I scoffed. 

"You're confused and need more tests," he started again. 

"Those tests are torture." 

"I know they can be trying," 

"No! Shocking a subjects brain is torture! That hasn't been relevant for decades!" 

"Jinx," Doctor Stine said rising from his seat. 

"Oh don't you dare come close to me," I said rising from my own seat. I had been restrained but those were easy to change. 

"Sit down Jinx." 

"No. You sit down," I said kicking the table into him. 

"You need to stop this," he said irritated. 

"You're right. This place has gotten boring," I said as the wall next to me started to melt. 

"They'll chase you."

"Let them," I smiled. 

(Sorry all, but it's getting late and I am tired. If you liked this start please comment and maybe I'll continue on Sunday!)