The man who follows me is human. None of the other children believed me. They swore up and down, that humans died out, that we killed them 2000 years ago in the star-bound wars. 

The man is young. Not a day past 20 sol cycles. He observes me. 

I played in the summer season of the last habitable part of Tera, my race's homeworld. Besides our blue skin, besides our green pupil-less eyes, besides our gills, and besides our hair-lessness, we look much like our homosapien creators. 

I am 1.75 meter's tall. Our race despite the outspoken demonizing of the preachers, still uses the ancient system. Other planets, other nations, come and most adopt the ancient system. The mark of the Progenitors my grandmother says. I know my height and weight because the man greets me each day with these numbers. He speaks but not to me but to himself. 

Long ago I cowered from him. I feared his gaze in the restroom, in the washing pools, in the changing closet. I realized though each time his gaze averted in these places, he took to looking around anywhere but me. 

Human is a filthy word now. They say it in curses as the XY chromosome members of my race labor to clean up the mess that is radiation. The XX members whisper tales into the young one's ears. They tell of times of predation, slavery, exploitation, and rape. They tell of broken families, and unwanted halfbreeds. They tell of all of these things. 

Grandmother tells me all of these things are true, but the XX members leave out the good. 

"Child, know this. Homosapien begat us. Homo-perfectus. They made us strong, and willful, and wise. But they made us to serve. In the colonies such horrors occurred. But the Terra did not participate. None who live now know it, but I know because my mother's mother told me." 

My Grandmother told me of a time when the warriors came back from the colonies. She told of a time when they came to find the last of the Terran. The men and women who remained after all others might've abandoned us. She told of a time when our warriors proud, full of blood lust, and wanton revenge committed their galactic genocide in full. She told of how the men and women bowed their heads, they did not fight, they did not run, they accepted their fates. With their dying breaths, the terrans begged for forgiveness but never mercy. 

On my 25th name day, as the evening settled the man in his strange clothing, clothing I'd read of, clothing called a men's suit. Rubbed his strange pupiled eyes, that sparkled light blue, and snapped his leather book closed. 

As I began to drift to sleep, the man approached my bed. Slightly intoxicated on berrywine, I felt no fear, the man did not eat, sleep, nor interact with any matter, and many times he watched me sleep. This bothered me not. 

"Goodnight. Thank you." 

The man spoke. 

In that moment, I might've slipped into sleep and forgotten, but part of me startled awake. The man did not observe me. He looked at himself in the mirror. 

"wait!" I called out, realizing that these were the first words i'd made to the man. 

The man waited. He did not observe me. Then I remembered that I wore no coverings and so quickly I covered myself. 

The man turned and this time bore a pained smile. 

"where are you going?" I asked him. 

"My time is up." He replied fidgeting with his hands. 

with that the man sunk through the floor of my house. I quickly followed, and stepping over the members of my family, all passed out on berry wine, I observed him glide through the floor and into the earth. 

Without hesitation I threw on my coat, and began my trek into the night, for some reason part of me knew, part of me longed for the tunnels beneath, the tunnels once called subway's. 
