Sigh. Another one down, yet still no sign of my target.

"Hey Andrew, how's it going? Find anything new?"

"Yeah, just the Chupacabra. Still no Bigfoot though."

"That's a shame. I know you'll find it soon, so keep your spirits up!"

"Thanks Theo."

Theo's words helped, but they weren't enough. All my life I'd been searching throughout the world, digging up everything, looking for the fabled Bigfoot. At first people laughed at me and honestly, so did I. I knew I was doing something that couldn't clearly be defined and set my expectations as low as possible.

It was pretty staggering when I started to slowly discover mythical creatures one by one. All the wonderful and terrifying tales you were told as a child were coming to me in reality. It was as if the fantasy world just merged with the human world and all of a sudden horses with horns pranced around like they'd always been here. 

As a historian by trade, I love trying to test myths and nonsense, but searching for Bigfoot has always been my passion. However, it would seem that of all the creatures that were allowed to grace the Earth Bigfoot wasn't one of them. 

I'd found Mermaids, Vampires, Unicorns, Yetis and pages worth of other creatures. There were usually the standard "Could this be Bigfoot?" articles and rumours that popped up, but I grew weary of people making up information only to sell it.

It had been annoying me that I'd come across everything I didn't really want to find, so I conjured up an idea. I made sure I was alone and pulled out a small golden oil lamp and rubbed it, a huge blue genie rising from within. 

"*Yawn* Oh hey Andy whatcha doing here?

"I've got a wish to make Hepzefah and I need your help."

"Finally! I never though you were gonna a use a single wish! It's about time, you know."

"I wish I knew where Bigfoot was. And genie, no catches please."

"Sigh - always ruining the fun aren't we. Well alright."

Everything went black and reappeared. I was up in the Andes Mountains with the sun on my back. And there was a dark figure, about 8 feet tall, hunched over in front of me. 

***

**r/TheNinthRanger**