A vile creature such as this one must be taken seriously. He was raised by Satan and taught by the deceitful Lucifer, making his arts of psychology that beyond human comprehension.

Facing that mirror, knowing that there's no turning back, I call his sacred name only twice, and frantically splash the water on every candle, as well as the mirror. I walk out of the room, and there I was.

"Another dimension, I reckon," I say in thought.

I walk across the non-existent x-axis towards the malevolence that is "Tipton".

A second felt like a minute, a minute felt like an hour, and what must've been an hour felt like months of walking, but I never ran out of stamina, or lose that thought of what I must do. Besides, he's the only key back to my realm. And so I continue to walk amongst the boring terrain of nothingness which possesses the laws of physics but rejects the laws of nature and man.

And there he was - Tipton, my demonic savior, posing as my dead cousin to likely make me feel comfortable.

"Aaahh, I've heard your call at last, mortal," spoke the grinning cousin.

Jokingly, I respond, "Wow, that vocabulary of yours has grown rich in the afterlife. Hasn't it, cousin?"

The imposter makes a quick smirk, before saying, "It's just that...heaven has failed to peak my curiosity. And so, I spent my eternal time indulging in the arts of man, and mastering every single one to its fullest."

"Ah, splendid."

"I'm afraid not, dear cousin," he continues, "It is as much of a torture as it is a bore."

"Perhaps. Well, I wish you could come back with me to the realm of the living."

"If you were to *not* bargain with me, I *could* return to your world. And oh, that is all I wish - to get a feeling of flesh and blood once more. Of course, I need your blessing. You know what to do."


I had to say his name, but if I know demons correctly, they're deceiving. Once I say his name, he'll latch into my soul and return to my dimension to wreak existential havoc.

"Should we begin?" I ask the demonic soul.

It frowned in disappointment that I was not one of those teenagers looking for a quick scare, or an idiot dared by his friends, or a desperate person wishing to do anything to bring their loved one back. At least, I managed to not make the many mistakes of either of those stereotypes, whose souls now belong to this empty void.

Even now, I hear their wallows. "Help us," they so desperately pleaded.

The demon nods, and asks, "What, of equal value as your request, would you like to trade with me?"

"I trade the rice of my home."

Rice makes the demon stronger, physically and mentally.

"Hmm...interesting...I could use this to seek vengeance on your pathetic god, perhaps.

Now, what is it that you wish for, mortal?"

The 365 days of planning for this one moment has finally come into play. The long nights, dropping out of school for a while, the amount of wine I resorted to to ease my nerves, all for this one moment. And I, sadly, was now living it."

"I wish for a 3x3 foot box, made out of cardboard and wrapped accordingly, filled with nothing but non-poisoned, non-explosive, non-tainted, bland rice, and filled all the way to the top of the box."

The demon was shocked. I could've wished for knowledge, I could've wished for eternal happiness. I could've wished to become king, but I realize that these were the mistakes of many who now weeped below me.

The demon said nothing in his shame; he made the door reappear before my very eyes, and with a heavy heart, I watched my cousin's figure fade.

"Forgive me, cousin," I say before I make my way to the exit.

When I was back in my bathroom, I quickly turned on the light, cleaned off the mirror and the counter, which was splashed with water, went outside to my bedroom, and closed the door, never to return to that restroom for 14 years - the age of my fallen cousin.

Why rice? You ask?

This was simply a test run. I got my wish - I lived with everything that was mine intact. And now, I await the death of another close family member to make my return to the wicked dimension.