Ah, geeze. You know, I haven't taken up writing in a long time. Honestly, I think the last time I've written about ANYTHING was probably back in high school... in the late 2000's.

So yeah. I'm old.

I remember growing up that people always said ours was the worst generation; that we were raised stupid and spoiled on technology. To be fair, maybe they had a point - as an adult, I know that kids were using things like tablets and phones to do pretty much everything. I mean, they were exposed to the internet a lot faster than I ever was, at least. Hell, nowadays kids get their chips implanted in the damn womb as soon as cerebral development begins to show! I guess the stupid things are so cheap to make by now that it doesn't even matter if the parents decide not to keep it or some other damn thing happens to it. Well, the earlier the better I guess, is what they say.

Y'know another thing? How the future portrayed in shows and fiction is pretty much always way off the mark? It's the year fuckin' 2052 now and we still don't have any god-damn hover cars. Science says that antigrav is impossible and we may never actually see something like it. I guess we've made crazier discoveries in the face of impossibility, but still - to hell with Back to the Future and their goddamn "2015" technology.

So. Technology and the internet and being hooked up blah blah blah early age. I don't think anyone has grown up nowadays without experiencing the internet and honestly I'll be damned if it hasn't made us a bunch of deviants. You know how every generation thinks that the next one is the worst, and then eventually the "worst generation" are the ones running the show?

Yeah, yeah. I know I'm rambling. I'll get to the point on my own terms, you motherfuckers!

You guys have played video games before, right? At the very least, I don't know anyone who hasn't heard of World of Warcraft, or at least some kinda multiplayer RPG game. Y'know how there's a popular concept in games that involves fighting other people? I guess it gives some kind of competitive thrill to it all... Anywho, they call it PvP - Player versus Player. 

Well, most everybody these days has a chip in their head like I said - you're born with one, and for those of us older folks, you've been given one. There's a lot of rules, customs, and educations; anything you can think of that would help program people to function in society, chances are the chip's helping to regulate it. To reduce violence and violent tendencies in the general populace, we've been given a function to be more (physically) conflict-averse that's pretty much the same as a PvP feature.

Yeah. Our god damn idiot loser politicians who played too many video games in their miserable lifetimes basically made our lives a fuckin' living RPG. Oh sure, it's helped reduce crime, violence, and murder rates - lowest it's ever been in modern recorded history. But it also gets in the way of a lot of other things.

So just last month, I was at the doctor's office, ready for an appointment. Remember how I said us older guys got our chips later in life since they weren't invented yet? Yeah, that's why I'm even here. To kind of ease the transition and adjusting of society towards a life of everybody gettin' a chip before they were even born, a lot of exceptions and features were made - and slowly getting phased out - to make things run more smooth-like.

See the chips give kids regulated and automated immune system checks so that by the time they're laughin' and walkin', they're basically immune to the flu. And what that means is that the flu ain't happy about it - it's had to evolve to make itself more lethal, more infectious, more contagious... basically bad news for all us other guys who can still get sick by the damn thing.

So I'm here to get a flu shot. You might be askin', why the hell not just get some nasal spray or whatever the fuck oral treatment they got goin' on these days? Fuck you that's why, I'm not some little bitch boy that was raised to be scared of any needles. I'm tough, I'm strong - that's the goddamn difference between me and our shitty, weak new generation.

Besides, that stuff tastes like shit when you get it in your mouth.

In the patient room, my doctor's doing all the things to prep and get ready - cleaning the area and the needle, injecting the serum, just normal stuff. I look sternly and coldly at the wall behind my doc while he holds up my arm and presses the needle towards my skin.

He can't do it. He's straining hard, hands trembling, and it's just not going in, like there's some kinda force field that's stopping his movement.

So, if you're on the up-and-up, you've probably put two and two together. How the hell's a doctor gonna stick a needle in me if there's violence-averse tendencies in our programming?

Well, y'know how there's safe zones and PvP zones in MMO games so basic gameplay doesn't get disrupted? The same goddamn fucks who came up with the system had the same stupid solution as well. In very certain and highly-regulated areas were basically designated "PvP zones". In order for doctors to operate and just do day-to-day things, they're given certain areas in their work to be designated as PvP zones where you're able to turn on and off PvP at will.

"Sir, did you forget to turn on your..."
"Ah yeah, sorry doc. My bad."

Y'see, even if one person's PvP is off, if the other's isn't, it's still not gonna work - that way you can't just turn your own PvP on and start rampaging on everybody else... that'd be fuckin' stupid.

I access my chip and turn PvP on.

"There we go doc, sorry - have a go at it now," I say.

By the way, did I ever tell you how much I fuckin' hate doctors? Fuck, I hate how every god damn little fuckin' thing works in our god damn stupid ass motherfucking lives nowadays.

As the good ol' doc starts pressing the needle into my arm again, I fuckin' snap.
I grab the damn thing out of his hands and just start fuckin' stabbin' him all over the place with it, and I think the damn guy just passes out from the pain, or maybe it's shock. Hell if I know.

Turns out, stabbin' a guy 108 times multiple times in the neck and arteries with a tiny little needle can still kill a guy.

I got sentenced to death, and it's D-day. I'm gettin' the ol' shock from the electric chair and, well, fuck living anyway, right?

But as they moved me from my cell to the chamber room, I saw the medical examination room and felt weak. I started losing balance and control, and fell to the side of the door in despair.

What the fuck did I just do? I don't wanna fuckin' die...

The guards pulled me back to my feet roughly and kicked me to the chamber room door. Guess this was one fate I wasn't averse to.

I zoned out. They forcefully switched my PvP status, and it wasn't until the damn executioner put his hand on the lever that I came to and readied myself. I braced for impact.

A loud zap, and electricity came crashing down around me, burning and sizzling everything. As the current became bigger and more continuous, I notice that the guards' eyes widen as they begin to realize what happened. The electricity splits off from all directions, shocking and incinerating everyone around - the poor guy didn't even have time to shut the damn machine down before he got electrocuted. I stood up, clothes charred and the straps burnt straight off my wrists and legs.

Y'see, I ain't stupid. You really think a tough lug like me was gonna just look death in the eye and take it? You didn't really think I just fell down in despair and gave up all fuckin' hope, didja?

You remember the spiel about PvP zones right? Well, it just so happens that most facilities and medical rooms have them, like I said. I knew that some of them were irregularly drawn, and the medical exam room looking the hall I passed had one that slightly stuck out of the door. I turned my PvP on when I hit the damn thing.

I brushed myself off, opened the door, and walked out.

Sure, I got caught immediately and thrown back in my cell. But I think I'll be alright. I'm sure whatever firm the government hired to program their god damn PvP setting would bail me out. After all, that's the point of a bug bounty program, ain't it?