Brothers.

Sisters.

Mother Earth and Father Time blessed and cursed us.

We were given choices. Older, younger, the world was divided amongst us. Brothers and Sisters chose the northern, western, and eastern territories where soil was plentiful and mortals populous. Oldest of the seven, the remaining southern territories were all I could claim. I claimed them without resistance or bitterness. It was then Mother Earth and Father Time receded back to their realms, silent observers to their children.

Brothers and Sisters were powerful creations on their own. Wielding earth, wind, fire, water, and marketable skills like blacksmithing, knowledge, war mongering. In many ways they were exceptional creatures. Creatures that gazed at me in disgust and pity and confusion for what I possessed. They concluded the distant land I claimed would lead to nothingness, to weakness and poverty.

A trickster by nature, my roots spread across the land, stimulating growth and development. I was clever. I was wise. I was impulsive. Where they commanded, demanded from the mortals and gained from their sacrifices, I simply gave what was needed and guided when necessary. It was interesting crossing the borders into the other connected through light \-\- something Brothers and Sisters were not aware of. And thus, my territories grew and strengthened, and they rose above their contemporaries.

And from my people, for they were mine and I theirs, came forward a young woman of simple renown. She established the temples, she curtailed construction and technology, and she ascended as the First Empress. She led our people with compassion and iron resolve. When we met, she was just a barefooted child dressed in tattered robes. Watching her mature into what she created was more than enough to satisfy me.

Brothers and Sisters had her killed.

In my temple, I cradled her as she rasped her final decree, "Do not punish the child. He obeys his god, and so will the others that shall come to destroy us."

I cursed Brothers and Sisters in my fury for one of them had sent a child, a child who had not seen fifteen suns, into our realm to do us harm. Yet, they were a child. Even as they glared above at my intimidating form, he was a child, and what good would it do to punish him. And many punishments I held as I watched my dearest heart be returned to Mother Earth's warm embrace.

Indeed, they sent more. Child after child, some still shorter than most adults, others who were not fully fledged adults but just on the cusp of what was considered adulthood. I made my decision. I kept them away from my people, time and time again they sent more. An adult would not have agreed to this, no matter what their god commanded of them, and they would not have succeeded. My brutality would know no end.

But children were different. Children were sacred and helpless and easily manipulated. They wanted to prove themselves to their tribes and gods. They deserved protection. Not death. Not punishment. I took them away, every time I sensed another ready to strike upon my throne, and with me, they stayed.

Brothers and Sisters could not see beyond the veil. Underestimating my people and their skills led to their ignorance of what they taught me. So they did not know what became of their fallen heroes, each a glorified failure to remind their subjects of what the dreaded T'Inicheli had stolen from them.

Brothers and Sisters, they are young still, of an exaggerated mindset not so completely unfamiliar to the soldiers they send beyond my borders.

What they do not know, despite my best attempts amongst my children, resentment breeds, and I will not break them to prevent them from journeying on their own to strike up a different crusade in their name.