This room is always clean. 

White tiles on the ground, surrounded by rich white marble. White trim on the windows, under white shimmer curtains. White ceiling with silver trim lighting recessed into pockets. Even the furniture is white. And always clean. 

You don't expect that, in a hospital. 

Most hospitals use color and layout to mask the dirt they can't avoid. Look clean, even if it isn't. Not this room. This room challenges you, dares you to find dirt. 

Nurse Betty walks in with lunch. His name is actually Robert, but when you are a male nurse with shitty friends and a brief crush on Renee Zellweger in 2000, you get a nickname. Lunch is simple, but there is excellence even in simplicity. Cantaloupe and cottage cheese, wheat toast with fresh marmalade, warm vegetable bisque, and a spread of drinks. Their quality belies that of a hospital. On their white tray, they are put to rest on the white table cloth. 

Nurse Betty approaches Neil, sitting in his chair, wheels locked, peacefully staring out the window at the white roses growing in the garden. "Ok Neal, it's lunch time. Are you hungry, Neal?"

Neal turns and looks at him, studies as if seeing him for the first time. A language barrier can always be overcome, we thought. But Neil challenges it. He hasn't learned a word since he arrived. No one knows what language this young man speaks, or understands. 

He showed up at the hospital, 7 weeks ago. Brought in by the secretary of mystical defenses herself. The hospital was told only the best of care, he's no trouble, honored guest, and he loves white. Once a week, his probate would stop in, say hello to his rotation of guards, and visit for a couple hours. Neal doesn't watch much television, but he seems to enjoy sports on low volume, and old silent comedies. They usually watch television. 

Today, he looked at lunch, and out the window again. 

"Rose". 

"Yes, Neal, there's a rose on the table."

Neal looked to the table, and his happiness drained. "Rose..."

After 30 minutes, Nurse Betty took the tray away. Food untouched, save a failed attempt at the toast. Neal stared out his window again. He had eaten less and less since he arrived, until yesterday when he just stopped. 

"Rose," he smiled, looking out the window. Neal closed his eyes. 

