It was a terrible omen, Ptalus said, when we found the stone.  He was right.  It took less than 80 sleeps for our tribe to tear itself apart.  Marzan’s tongue ripped from his head for blasphemy, Harasa burned at the stake, the council poisoned by his grieving widow, whole families slaughtered by their sons in vengeance.  We come before you as a broken people, great chief of the Snake Shadows tribe, and we beg your mercy.   We are the last few of the Walking Wheel tribe, and I have led the last of us here in hope that you will accept us as your own, or else the Jackal tribe will take us as slaves and chattel, as is their way.

You wish to know what brought the Walking Wheels low, I am sure.  I will tell you.  It began with a stone.

The stone was ordinary granite, a spit of rock weathered by the dry winds into a grey finger the size of a man, poking out of a low hollow in the earth.  We found it while we were scouting into the daylight for a new camp.  It was Jereza who found the thing and could not leave well enough alone.  Does that not look like writing, Maeg? she asked.

No, I said, it looks like the scratching of a monstrous animal, worn away by many decades.  We should be glad that it so old, for the beast that made it must be long dead, or it must love the light and is no threat to us who live in the twilight between day and night.

That was when Ptalus said the stone was a terrible omen.  He was right, although he couldn’t have known what would befall us.  I only nodded at his words.  Jereza nodded too, but I remember the look on her face.  She was not convinced.  I knew there would be trouble.

But we needed a new place for the tribe to make camp, because the dark and the snow were coming behind us, as always.  We had stayed too long in the old place, and the chill had grown bitter.  So the three of us had gone as far into the daylight as we could, to find a new place.  I know you were a scout when you were younger, great chief.  My father spoke of you.  You would have seen how the dew of the day winds would settle there, giving us plentiful water and game.  And we found no other places that would make for a good home.  The elders agreed, although only after consulting the bones and then with much discussion afterwards.  The stone made them uneasy, but the place was too good to leave alone.

But it did not make Jereza uneasy.  Jereza who studied the stone.  Jereza who cleaned the grime from it.  Jereza who swore the scratches looked like carvings.  Like an inscription.  Like writing, even if it was too faint for anyone in the tribe to make out.

Jereza who pressed a batskin on the monolith and rubbed it with charcoal, so that the words could be read.

She is gone now.  Dead, I am almost certain.  I think Tadyas and Orfrendel killed her.  I think they did worse than that to her, before she died.  She who had been blood-cousin to them.  And because of the words she found, that turned the Walking Wheel against itself, for brother to kill brother.  

There are only nineteen of us left, great chief, and if you command, we will never speak of these things.  All of us will swear a soul oath, on that we are agreed.  But I will speak of the words now, if you would know them.  I warn you that you will wish I did not.

Very well.

The words were like ours, but then … not.  Do you know how the speech of the Jackals are slightly different from the words of the Walking Wheels, and even more different than the speech of the Snake Shadows?  And then even more from the Cheliss tribe to your north?  A Jackal and a Cheliss could barely understand each other if they were to meet, I think.  The words on the stone were not spoken, but I think they came from a tribe very distant from us, at least eight or ten bands distant, maybe more.  It took Jereza thirty sleeps to understand them.

And this is the thing they said: That the tribe who wrote them walks with the day at their backs, and the night in front of them.

Yes, great chief.  It might be a lie written by angry ghosts.  That is what I want to believe.  But I do not know.  The stone was old.  It felt real.  It felt true. The writing looked like it was made by the hand of man.  And we have left our own markers in passing, that are not so different, I think.  It seemed like something made by an ordinary man from some other tribe much like our own.  It did not seem like something made by a ghost.

But if it was made by man, then our walk … that we exist only to go toward the light and away from the dark … what purpose is there to it?  Because then there is no eternal twilight that we will ever find.  Day and night will never become one; day and night are forever separate, forever moving, and there will never be an end to our walk.  The promises of the gods are false.  The legends are lies.  There will be no rest after I die, and no rest that my sons or their sons will ever find.  There is only the walk, there are tribes before us and behind us who seek … whatever the opposite of eternal twilight might be, where the night turns into day.  

At least, that is what the stone would have us believe.

It is a terrible thing to think, great chief.  The elders called it a lie, condemned any who repeated it.  But some of us were headstrong fools.  Marzan was not a bad man, but the elders took his tongue out because he could not stop wagging it.  And then there was blood, and more blood, and now the Walking Wheels are broken.

That is our story, great chief.  It is why we are brought low, and why the last of us have come to beg you to take us in.  In return, we swear to hold this secret to the end of our days, and to be your scouts, taking away any trace of those who walk before us so that your tribe will not suffer the same fate as our own.

We await your decision.
