If the sheer improbability and outrageousness of this premise fills you with awe and wonderment about the possibilities of life, the future, and the ability to cheat the man with the scythe and the black robe then let me assure you, it gets old.
Now you might assume that having the knowledge of almost the entire next century would put you in the driver's seat of life, but a "gift" like this will invariably end in a monkey's paw type fashion.

The first time I re-awoke on December 5th, 1941 I thought my first life nothing more than a very lucid dream. I pondered over it for a minute and then as with all dreams I began to lose the details little by little. By breakfast I could only remember certain occasions and important events but they were hazy and I brushed them off as a byproduct of my over active imagination. I went about my normal Friday and it ended without so much as a bump in the road so to speak, but there were some interesting situations.

It seemed like all that Friday I was on some level cognizant of certain things that I could have no earthly idea about. I knew that Mr. Switch was going to call sheriff Hart when three of the local kids knocked over a display of motor oil outside his fill-up-station, but then again Mr. Switch was a hard-ass and that's what hard-ass garage owners do when punk kids fool around outside their stores. I knew as soon as I arrived home that we were having fish for dinner, but then again my folks were hard-ass God-fearing Catholic parents and fish is what hard-ass God-fearing Catholic parents feed their kids on Friday nights. At the time I wasn't sure if I knew what was happening ahead of time or I was just really quick on the mental play-by-play so to speak. Reality was happening so fast that I couldn't gauge exactly what was happening. Now these seemingly innocent enough events could be thrown into the "deja reve" folder in your brain and completely forgotten about but there was something that would not let me just brush off these events as "these things happen."

Deja reve is a sense that you have dreamed before the things that are currently happening. Deja reve, to the layman is the same as the sensation of precognition or prescience, and is in the same family of thought as deja vu or premonition. Regardless of what category of thought you want to classify my experiences as, their odd recurrence throughout the next day had me wondering if there was something wrong with me or if I was getting sick. I decided to sleep on it.

I woke up Sunday feeling better and went to church with my family because that's was hard-ass Catholic parents make their families do on Sundays. I had a feeling that Father Paul was going to talk about the Christmas season and giving and fellowship and kindness, but also about sin and fire and maybe even a little brimstone, because Father Paul was a hard-ass Catholic priest, and no hard-ass Catholic priest can give a sermon without at least touching on the consequences of not being good upstanding generous Catholics. Pass the collection plate around.

If it seems like everyone back then was a hard-ass it was because they were. People were really just tougher back then. Even Mrs. May the organist at the church was as tough as a coffin nail. She had 11 kids in 9 years because that's what hard-ass Catholic moms did back then. She even liked to joke that she would have made a baker's dozen if her husband James hadn't upped and died on her while she was in her "prime." 

It wasn't until we were walking home the short distance from Church that I blurted out for no apparent reason "Japan!" Instantly a small wave of what was going to happen in the next hours and days poured into my head and I dropped to one knee clutching my head to try to keep the visions at bay. My folks and my little brothers and sister rushed to my side and after a minute of surveying the situation thought it best to help me to my feet and walk me home so that I could rest.

I was "medicated" with what we had at the house and therefore slept through the events at Pearl Harbor but that evening I tried to explain what I knew was going to happen. The funny thing about this "memory" is that it isn't an all encompassing compendium of information of the next 80 years that you can just open and use to recollect all the knowledge you had gained in the previous "life," not at first anyway. So you can imagine my parent's concern when I could only give them bits and pieces of events as they made themselves clear to me in no particular order and with no particular context. I was "medicated" again and slept through the night.

The next morning Dr. Kane came by and gave me essentially a clean bill of health but figured that the news of Pearl Harbor had not been precognition but rather of such a shock that I had used some level of common sense combined with an over active imagination to accurately guess that thousands would be killed and of course we would enter the war and anything else was just my overactive imagination. My sense of deja reve had not yet revealed the entirety of the war or anything concrete enough to prove I was foreseeing the future. Instead to most people I would have looked like a crazy kid, or someone who was deeply patriotic and just wanted to get back at them Japs. Dr. Kane left some medicine to settle my mind and told me that bed rest would ease my condition, probably because Dr. Kane was an old ass doctor and drugs and bed rest were what old ass doctors prescribed then. (It should be noted that this was better than the alternative which was to be whisked away to a 1940s asylum where the mentally-ill were locked up and either medicated to oblivion and forgotten about or beaten and neglected and forgotten about. On several re-lives this was my outcome for most of the 40s and in some cases for the rest of my life.)

For the next few weeks I shut myself in my own little world trying to figure out how I could make sense of my "visions" and how I could relay them to other people in a way that wouldn't seem crazy. I tried talking casually with friends slipping little bits into conversations. I tried mailing anonymous letters to newspapers and magazines and various governmental organizations. I tried talking to my parents but could see that the thought that their eldest son was going mad was hurting them so I gave up on that. It wasn't until we got a visit from the local police and a man in a military uniform that I realized my efforts to help were only going to get myself and possibly my family in trouble. I was grilled in my kitchen about the supposedly anonymous letters I was sending and about some things that friends had repeated to coworkers and family and other friends. The man in the military uniform asked me about a great-grandpa I had who was German and about any affiliation I had with friends or coworkers of Japanese descent. Similarly my parents and siblings were interrogated and when the police and the man in the uniform were satisfied with their conclusions that I was just a kid with an overactive imagination and a loud mouth they left.

That is the extent to which I tried to better the world around me on my first re-life, from then on I kept most of what I knew about the future to myself. Sure I used it a little to benefit myself and others, but who wouldn't. The visions during my first re-life would mostly come at a moments notice, for instance just enough time to lean to the left and push my buddy Dale a little to his right as a German bullet whizzed between us in France in 1944. Sometimes I'd get a couple days notice about a major event, like just enough time in fall of 1946 to enroll in the 9:30 algebra class where I got to sit next to Sarah Barnes the love of my first and many other re-lives. Sometimes it wouldn't be a clear idea of what was to come, just an inkling of a thought or a bad idea about something. There were a few times where the idea of, "Hey let's stay home today it's too rainy," turned into, "It's a good thing we were home otherwise we might have gotten caught up in that accident on the highway," or something like that. 

It was in this fashion that during my first re-life I became a sucessful real-estate appraiser in St. Louis and Sarah Barnes became Sarah Clark and we had 4 children, 3 girls and 1 boy. I did outlive Sarah by 6 years and passed away in 2017 at the age of 95.