Respect is a fickle thing. When possessed it can open doors, give confidence, and of course inflate ones ego to no end. But all it takes is a simple mistake and that lifetime of cultivating the respect of others washes away. Replaced by contempt, anger, or worst of all pity. And oh how people loved to watch a good man fall. Doctor Xavier Salas had been that man. One tiny slip in the operating room, just a little nick, and his patient had bled out on him. 

And it didn’t matter that he’d been in the OR for almost sixteen hours and was exhausted. And it didn’t matter that the cleric they’d brought in to help had passed out in the corner when the operation had reached its eleventh hour. None of that had made a difference. The cleric had dispelled the offending demon after all, so he should be allowed to rest. At least that’s what the papers had said. But Salas had made the mistake of not noticing the small nick he made with his scalpel as he feverishly worked to repair the young woman’s failing organs. And over the course of the next five hours she’d slowly bled out while he and the rest of the surgical team frantically struggled to keep her alive.

And her death should’ve have mattered. It wasn’t gross negligence, nor incompetence, despite what the news had the public believing.  In fact the hospital had had him flown in because he was one of the best post-echto surgeons in the nation. But her death did matter, it mattered a great deal, because she was the Chief War Witch and the United States was always at war. She died in his OR and now he was ruined because of it.

After that Xavier had taken up drinking as a new hobby. He drank away his money, what little he had left. He drank away his shame. He drank away his wife, child, and home. He drank until all that matter to him was the next drink. But somewhere deep inside his pride would not allow him to die.

Now he existed in a small apartment on the outskirts of Austin. The apartment was little more than a box. Two rooms crammed together with paper thin walls and a bathroom. What sparse furniture decorated the place was coated in a layer of grime and filth that spoke to the level of care Xavier gave himself. None. An alarm was blaring out the relentless call to arms. Sure enough almost a full minute later a heavy hand shot out from the pile of blankets that lay nearby. The pale hand slapped the alarm with enough force to crack the case and silence the shrill noise. 

Xavier Salas pulled himself from the bed with all the eagerness of a man about to face his executioner. His head throbbed, his mouth was dry, and he really wanted a drink. He kicked his way out from beneath the pile of blankets and slogged his way into the kitchen. Salas had been a handsome man in his prime. His hair under six foot frame was still lean, but his muscle definition had faded. His skin was now pale rather than the healthy tan it had been. He no longer played golf. And his hair and beard were wild and unkempt. On more than one occasion while he was sitting in a park people had stopped to give him money and wished him luck in getting off the streets.

He ran a hand over his face and gave himself a few slaps as he opened the bottle of bourbon on the counter and tilted it, and his head, back. A few large swallows later and he felt more himself. He wiped the corners of his mouth and shuffled to the bathroom. He relieved himself and did his usual morning routine. Though why he still thought of it that way was beyond him. Outside the sun was setting not rising. He pulled on his clothes and found his keys after several minutes of frantic searching and headed out the door.

He slipped into his car and then out into the light evening traffic. It was going on 8 o’ clock and rush hour was long over. He drove down East Parmer and then hopped onto I-35 South. He was heading towards the Colorado River and all the municipal buildings downtown. He flipped a trucker the bird as it tried to flatten him when he cut across three lanes without signaling and pulled into the parking lot of the D.E.D. office.

The Department of Extraordinary Development, or the D.E.D, had been created back in the fifties when the world became aware that the Brothers Grimm had not been writing fiction. Werewolves, goblins, vampires, and other such monsters were real. And not only that but magic, gods, and all other supernatural things came right along with them. Zeus and Hera’s fights were reality TV gold these days.

Xavier had been given two gifts in life. One was his talent at surgery and repair. The other he didn’t mention in polite conversation. In fact no one mentioned it in polite conversation. It was the unmentionable magic. The faux pas of the supernatural. And generally it made even the most wizened wizard cringe. Necromancy. Most considered it a mild annoyance, others like Pope Pius the XIII, considered it a blight and a danger.

Personally Xavier didn’t give a shit. He just wanted to keep drinking and having a roof over his head. The drink let him avoid questions like why. He slapped the glove box of his old BMW and a cascade of parking tickets, bottles, and an I.D. badge came spilling out. He pick up the badge, found a bottle with some leftover liquor, drank that, and then got out of the car and walked across the nearly empty parking lot and badged himself into the front doors.

Xavier was never alert, not first thing in his morning. He just waved at the guard behind the desk, Charlie. The guards real name was Robert but in his haze Xavier often just called him the name of the guard at his old hospital, when he’d been respectable. He crossed the government issued linoleum floor and stepped into the elevator. Robert was coming around the desk waving at him to get his attention and it just made him press the button for the doors to close harder.

“Hey Dr. Salas, you have-“ Robert began.

The doors slid shut and he was on his way down to what was affectionately called the Abomatory. Part magical lab, part actual lab, the Abomatory had earned its nickname because people perceived the word that happened there as an abomination and perversion of science and magic. To Xavier it was a way to pay the bills. The elevator chimed and a soothing, pleasant female voice spoke, “Bottom floor, Necromantic, Forensic, Pathology, and Autopsy. Please have a nice day.”

“Fuck you.” Xavier muttered and left the steel box, heading straight for his office. Or he would’ve if there hadn’t been two hulking men in his way. Xavier walked into them and bounced off the muscle bound oafs with a huff. His body slapped up against the elevator doors and a pair of meat-hooks the size of a Christmas Ham seized him and hefted him off the floor. Another pair of hands patted his body down.

“He clean.” The man Xavier dubbed Thing One said.

Thing Two said nothing; he simply let the doctor go.

Xavier spilled out onto the floor with a jarring impact. His head throbbed hard and he let out an annoyed hiss. “What the fuck is going on here?! And what the fuck do you think you are doing?”

“My, my, such language from a man of your pedigree. It does not become you.” From behind the hulking masses came a female voice with a soft southern lilt to it.

Xavier knew that voice, knew it well. He got to his feet and said nothing. The two Frankards, creations of necromancy and science, parted to reveal a woman in tailored black suit. Her hair was raven black and immaculately quaffed. Her icy blue eyes danced about Xavier’s face, her cute little nose crinkled up when she caught wind of the alcohol on his breath. Ellen Hargrave, his bosses, bosses, boss. She ran the Texas Magical Board of Regulation.

Thing One and Thing Two were creatures of her own design. Brutish masses of muscle that had been magically and surgically enhanced to be the perfect bodyguards. Bodyguards, who had died in life only to be brought back and enslaved in death a la Frankenstein methods. Hence Frankards.  And Ellen had sold those designs for untold millions. Frankards were almost standard with the wealthy and powerful. Even the President’s Secret Service was now mostly composed of Frankards. 

She was also Xavier’s ex-wife.

&#x200B;

(End o' part 1 part 2 below)