My brother inked my false fate when we were seven. He had snuck into our uncles tattoo parlor for months watching and innocently asking questions all they while stealing parts off machines left unattended. He was the strongest person I knew but he cried with me when he etched the letters into my arm. We talked a long time about what names to put down. I wanted to copy his so we matched more. He refused said my names will be covered up anyway so why use important ones. It became popular later to remove the names young or even at birth so they didn't run lives much less ruin them. Fate should be a mystery they said. 
We entered the world together we've been together and for the most part even looked exactly alike. I started to develop more feminine features after puberty. We spent every day together until a few months ago. 
My brother had always been strong and always protected me. I think he felt he stole something from me and could never return it. Never be forgiven. So he spent all his time on me. I was born fateless. Not a single dot or line on my skin, I was without ink. My brother however was born with too much fate. Across his back in neat Times New Roman were four names stacked upon each other. 
Chris, Riley, Eliot, Alex. 
The doctors guessed that somehow he took the names intended for me. They couldn't tell if he also took the my fate though. 
We where walking out from the theater after a double blind date. We both decided it was with the wrong Eliot and Alex. As we walked to our car we crossed the street into the parking lot on the other side I was shoved so violently my feet left the ground and I crash down on my left knee and hand. Both hurt but I didn't notice amongst the panic I felt. While in the air the sound of crunching plastic and a harsh steel on steel screech was all I focused on. 
I turned and my heart broke. My brother was slumped over the hood of a blue sedan. A black SUV at his back. 
I went into shock. I limped over to him and shook him. Crying. I knew though. I could feel him missing in my soul already. In my shock I became hysterical. I dragged the disoriented drivers out of their vehicles. Screaming at them, gripping them frantically I think I scratched one. 
I asked their names over and over. They let the words stumble past their confusion. 
Riley Trenton and Eliot Mcarbra. 

I shut myself away. Crying mostly and eating the pain away. I gained some weight but didn't care I was overwhelmed by guilt. He took both my deaths. I stole from him not he from me. I was rummaging through his things when I found a simple note in a photo album. 
"It doesn't matter who the names belong too, who goes first or falls in love. For Her or Me you have to continue on. Live to the fullest for the one who didn't get too. Be happy." 
I read this note over and over through watering eyes. I sat in the shower thinking for a long time. When I came out of the the water had gone cold and I had washed away my guilt. I threw my pity food away. Cleaned my house. And went for a walk. I walked for a while just taking in the world when I passed by a busy gym. Immediately  I felt like a disappointment for letting myself go. He would have been sad. I walked in and paid for a membership without asking many questions. 
Since I had came in with walking clothes anyway I decided to just do some cardio and go home. I was then approached by the most beautiful couple I'd ever seen. Kind eyes and warm voices they introduced themselves as Chris and Alex. 
I smiled and looked up for a moment wondering if he heard.
