“This is USS Pennsylvania; come in, Command.”

Silence and raw static filled the bridge. Captain James Bequine’s lips were pulled into a tight strip of resolute skin. The other members of the crew had no idea that Command had issued one message before going dead silent. 

Running a hand through his graying hair, James looked at the dashboard again.

>Some ends don’t have new beginnings.

>Darkness once again rests on the surface of the deep.

The message was followed by first piano chords of [*Imagine*]( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VOgFZfRVaww) and John Lennon’s melancholic voice.

“Take us to the surface,” James said.

“Captain?” The helm, Christina Gray, glanced up at him, her dark eyebrows squeezed together.

“It’s been two days.” James wiped the sweat from his forehead and paced back and forth across the bridge. “We need to see what’s going on up there.”

Christina nodded reluctantly and put the transmitter to her lips. “Prepare for ascension.”

The massive steel leviathan groaned and creaked, changing course for the surface. James stepped out of the bridge and made his way along the narrow corridors of the ship. He had been her captain for over twenty years, and she had never once failed him. He touched the smooth wall of bolted steel, his wedding ring clinking upon impact. After Clara passed away, the ship had become his new home, and he rarely left even during maintenance or docking.

“Ace, Roy, and Marquez,” James said as he entered the crew quarters, “I want you with me when we break the surface.”

“Yes, sir,” the three men said in unison.

They were eager to get a breath of fresh air and practically jumped out of their seats. James nodded and turned to the last man in the room.

“Jackson,” he said slowly, noticing the man’s drooping mouth. “I’m sorry, but I need you on the periscope.”

“Of course, Captain.” The young man stood up, saluted, and limped out of the room.

Jackson was barely nineteen but, in the few months he had been on board, he had proven himself to be one of the most reliable crewmembers. If he kept the impeccable record up, in a few years when James retired, Jackson stood a good chance of taking over his position.

“Five hundred feet, and rising,” came Christina’s voice through the speakers.

“Let’s go, gentlemen,” James said and marched toward the exit.

***

“Sir?” Roy said behind James.

They were geared up and ready to open the hatch. The captain cleared his throat. He had once again lost himself in the memories of his wife. It was happening more often lately.

“Jackson,” James said. “What you got?”

There was a long pause before the young man’s voice filled James’s earpiece. “Uhm, sir… I… it’s just… *gray*.”

“Pop the hatch,” James said.

The scent of brine filled his nose and lungs, as he climbed out of the submarine. Jackson had been right. The sky, the water, the horizon was just a gray haze. He had never seen anything like it. The icy wind bit into his cheeks. They were supposed to be on the coast of Florida, but it felt like they’d ended up on the North Pole. Small blocks of ice swirled like gray slush in the water around the massive hull of the ship. 

Marquez was the first person to break the silence. “What the hell is going on?”

James shook his head and paced along the cylindrical hull toward the front of the ship. He heard the three men start talking rapidly. James tried to shut them out as he gazed into the foggy distance.

So, this is how the world ends, he thought and sat down. The possibility had always been there. Surviving sixty some years with this number of nuclear weapons across the globe was a miracle in itself. It took so little to wipe everything out. The apocalypse had come and went, and had left them behind.

“What are your orders, Captain?” Ace said.

James gazed into the distance. “The Navy is no more; I’m no longer your captain.”

The three men looked at each other then back at the captain. His shoulders were slumping.

“Christina, how far off the coast are we?” Roy said quietly into the radio, still looking sideways at James.

“What do you mean?” she said. “We’re just outside the harbor, can’t you see land?”

“Listen, we need you to bring us closer.” Roy turned away from the others and started walking back toward the hatch. “The fog is too thick.”

“What… the…” Ace said, and everyone, even the distraught captain, turned their heads toward the sky where the man was pointing.

The sleek black underside of something massive surfed effortlessly through the hazy sky a couple of hundred feet above them. The dimensions of the thing were beyond anything they had ever seen. Lights flickered in regular intervals along its sides.

“What the hell is that thing?” Marquez said in horror and wonder.

“Guys…” Roy said.

“That thing is not of this world… it can’t be…” James mumbled.

“Guys…” Roy said again with more urgency.

They all turned their heads toward the water where the gray faces of hundreds of bodies floated past the submarine. Their dead stares and bloated skin wasn’t the most unsettling thing about them, though. The low gurgling noise and their partially frozen fingers were clawing at the hull of the ship, fruitlessly trying to climb up. They were clearly dead... but also *alive*.

A gust of wind carried a smell of burning ozone over the ship, and for a moment the fog shifted, revealing the cratered landscape that had once been Miami. Red lights from hundreds of strange machines, crawling across the ruins, beamed through the fog. The air buzzed with a swarm advanced combat drones. At first, James thought they were heading his way, but soon they shifted their flight path toward the sky, going straight for the massive, sleek ship.

The crew members of USS Pennsylvania stared in awe at the strange scenery before the fog once again swallowed them whole.







“Captain, we’re picking up a signal!” Christina said through his earpiece. “There’s a message.”

James stood up. “Let everyone hear it.”

“*USS Pennsylvania, my name is John. I’m from an organization that has been guarding the most dangerous secrets for thousands of years. I’m one of the last few survivors of our race. If you at all care about the world, go to these coordinates: 25.0000° N, 71.0000° W. You need to re-open the portal. Only God can save us now.*”

***
[**Part 2**](https://www.reddit.com/r/Lilwa_Dexel/comments/7mt1f6/revelation_part_2/)

r/Lilwa_Dexel