I cussed under my breath. "No bloody cigar."

"What is it?" he asked, balancing the camera tripod on his back. "Bear? A dog?"

I shook my head. "It's just a low level griffin."

He flinched "Strewth."

Something burst into flight through the canopy, too low for us to see but with a wingspan large enough to gust the jungle.

"Not even royal bloodline, it's just a fief griffin," I sighed, flipping my phone open and pressing it to my ear. "Listen, mate, that bigfoot sighting? No joy. I  need you to get me some fair dinkum leads this time. None of this Grimm's fairy tales shit."

*"Darrel!"* Wally hissed. *"Look!"*

I slammed the phone shut and spun to where he was staring, to where a tuft of black fur stood out amongst the green. When my eyes had adjusted to the shadows, I could make out a face; not bear or canine, but *primate*.

My boots crunched in the dirt as I ran. "This is it, Wally!"

Into the bush, without checking to see if he was following. The growth was so thick that I had to swing the tripod like a sword to clear the vines from my path. The instant I moved, the target took off into the scrub, but I had a mind like a tiger. I followed the sound of its footfalls, charting its course in a mental map like a hawk from above.

"Where's it going, boss?" Wally panted, barely keeping pace with the pack on his back.

"There's a ravine about three\-hundred metres that way," I whispered, darting away to pursue from the east. "If we take one side each we can herd it into the open, like wolves."

Wally groaned. "Why is there always a ravine?!"

I held a hand against my hat as I ran, both against the wind and to prevent the sun from dazzling me. I couldn't risk losing my keen hunter's vision at such a crucial moment of the chase. The hunt was on, and if this critter managed to dodge me, I'd never be able to forgive myself.

In and out of the shadows we went, occasionally losing sight of the entity but always keeping a healthy proximity. It was panting now, losing its breath as I forced it to sprint for such a long period of time. Eventually, it broke through the edge of the forest and into a narrow ravine that went for miles. Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide.

Wally nearly ran into me as I pulled up at the edge of the green. "Look, Wally. We've got it cornered!"

He adjusted his thick glasses, trying to see the hulking creature that was trying to scramble up the side of the rock face, without success.

"Here's the plan," I went on. "I'll approach on foot and try to convince the target that I mean it no harm. Then, when I get close enough, I shank it with me bowie like a velociraptor!"

"Why don't you just use the taser?" he asked, with a magnified blink.

I considered. "Yeah. Yeah I'll just taser it. It probably won't be expecting that. Animals don't know shit about tasers."

He reached into the pack behind him and produced the long, prod\-like hunting taser. "Three shots, captain. All I can give ya."

I grasped it tight. "Stay here. Lay low."

The creature saw me almost the moment I broke from cover. Like a hominid, I stood upright with the taser behind me, holding the camera out with the lanyard around my neck so as to distract it and catch a photo when the moment was right. It tried scuttling deeper into the ravine but the walls were narrow enough to trap it, like a bigfoot in a narrow ravine.

"Easy," I said, holding the camera up for it to see. "Easy, cobber. It's just a camera."

In the moment it stopped to inspect the device, I thrust forwards with the taser, blue sparks dancing in the air as the creature shuffled sideways to avoid it. I leaped forward to strike again but it dug even deeper between the rock faces. One stun left, and then nothing to protect me if things went south. So I did what any sane bloke would do.

I king hit it.

My fist landed just under its jaw, twisting its head and causing it to stagger sideways from the blow, collapsing unconscious between the walls. Without thinking, I took its limp arm and hefted it into the open area, its legs dragging across the shattered gravel.

"Wally!" I bellowed. "Wally, I nabbed a bigfoot! *I nabbed a friggin bigfoot, Wally!"*

"Put it down there!" he cried back, waddling over with the pack. "Crikey, she's a bonza, inshe?"

The body collapsed to the ground with a thud. Bigfoot. The missing link. Jewel in the eye of cryptozoologists for years and now, only now discovered by the great hunter, Darrel\-

"'Cept it's got a funny head."

I looked at him. "What's funny about it?"

"Well, it's glowing, isn't it? Are they supposed to do that, Bigfeet? I don't know, I'm only in this for the cameras."

He was right. Below the eye, just above the nose, there was a flashing green light. Curious, I reached out and pushed down on it, trying to see if there was something embedded in the skin. Without warning, the head split open down the middle, revealing two black eyes, a grey face and a laugh like a sheep.

"You stupid human!" it cackled.

"Fuckin' *aliens!"* I spat.

A disc flew overhead, levitating the one in the suit to where it joined all the others on their deck, All pointing and laughing at me."

*"Stupid human!"* they cackled, in thick accents. *"Think bigfoot are real! HA HA!"*

*"Bloody extraterrestrials again!"* I roared, shaking my fist at the ascending craft. "Every time I think I've caught the bloody thing it turns out to be some little green bastard in a suit!"

*"Suck on it, monkey man!"* the final taunt cried over the wind.

Wally squinted at me. "Have you ever thought that maybe it's just not real?"

"We do not have time for this!" I said. "We've got a lot to do before we follow up on my next lead. Now you're going to need to get vaccinated for a few things."

He sighed as I walked by. "Why can't you just photograph the bloody aliens?!"

**EDIT:** Markdown