"What's up brooo! Long time no see homeslice!"

Death looked up from her desk, an intricate artifact made from the bones of mammoths and other extinct animals.

"Chad Wallace. Welcome back. That didn't take long."

Chad was wearing a pink polo shirt (collar flipped up) and aqua canvas shorts. There were brown stains running along the front of his attire. His once white boat shoes were covered in some off color liquid - instantly reminding Death of vomit.

"Well you know what they say bro, live hard, die young." Chad flashed a smile and ran grubby fingers through his neck-length hair.

Death remembered Chad. He had been in her mighty chamber just a year prior, wearing this exact same outfit. He had survived her challenge last year and had asked to return to a specific time and place on earth, when he was 20 years old.

"Alright deathy, I know the routine. Lets do some coin flippin' and get me back to my brothers."

"Of course Mr. Wallace. But as you know, I first have to check your file and make sure you meet the requirements for reincarnation."

Death opened a small filing cabinet that was by her feet. A drawer shot out and extended for miles away from her. She flipped through a few labels and manilla folders.

'Wallace... Wallace... ahh here it is."

Chad was staring into a mirror that was placed on her desk, flexing his bicep muscles.

"All right Mr. Wallace, I've found your file. Shall we take a look?"

"Bruh, Mr. Wallace is my father's name. Call me Chad. Or, the Chadster, if you're so inclined."

"Mr. Wallace, it says this is the 200th time you've been sent to my chamber. How can this be?"

"I don't know bruh, you must just suck at flipping coins"

"Mr. Wallace, you know that the flipping of the coin of life and death is a sacred act. The coin alone determines whether one may live again."

"Psh whatever man. Hey do you have any natty light in that filing cabinet? I'm parched as fuck bro."

"Mr. Wallace, as you should know by this point, this is not a ritual to trifle with. The coin only lets the most worthy individual live."

"Chyeah bruh, and the Chadster is the most worthy dude of all."

Death sighed. Chad Wallace had survived the coin flip more times than any other person. Every time he chose to return to the same place at the same time - his fraternity house during his 20th year of life. Before the "best year of partying I ever had, nahmean?" as he often recounted. Every time he spent a year binge drinking and doing drugs, before succumbing to the same alcohol poisoning that always killed him.

"Fine Mr. Wallace. We'll see. I'm about to flip the coin of life and death. Before I do so, please choose what location, date, and time you would like to return to, should you survive the challenge."

Chad's mouth turned into a grin -

"My fraternity house. April 20th, 2016. 4:20pm. No no wait, 4:15 - don't want to be too late to smoke that purp, nahmean?"

Death groaned. Chad always made this joke, which was totally lost on her. She retrieved an old brass coin from a special box on her desk. She held it in her hand, preparing to flick it into the air.

"As you wish Mr. Wallace. In a second, please call heads or tails. If you call the correct side, then the coin grant you your request."

'Blaze it death-lady."

"One. Two. Three"

The coin flipped wildly through the air. Chad reacted as he always did -

"Heads! No tails! No heads! fuck. tails!"

The coin clattered on to the ground. On it was a picture of pelvic bone - the perverse representation of tails that the coin bore. Death held her head in her hands. 

"Well Mr. Wallace, it looks like you got what you wished. Any final words before you return to your earthly body."

"Just five words bro. Sigma-Kappa-Delta for life!"