Dear Shaun,

You need to know something. For most watching The Show, our lives are extended by a few centuries: the main re-run, the commentaries and lives of our closest companions, and then we move out of the house to people in the afterlife. (If you thought tumblr was bad on earth, just wait until you see a version where 4 million people watch the same life and advocate for certain couples. I believe it’s called sailing…? Ah, I’m sure you’ll correct me. But first, I want to illustrate to you why some people can call this hell.

My first decade here, I opened the door to find a sweet little old lady named Klara. She, like many others, welcomed me to the neighborhood with a basket of homemade pastries. Some streudel, in fact. Simply divine. Like everyone here, she was a fantastic cook. I invited her in for some coffee, and she graciously accepted.

“I’ve heard the neighbors warn me of you,” I started as I poured my cup. “They say you greet every newcomer this way.”

“Oh, just making up for some lost time.” She took a sip of her scotch. “…and some other things.”

I gave her a small smile. I knew she had no part in it, but if the rumors were true… 

“No doubt you’ve heard why I do this, deary. News travels fast, even with so many of us. My family has quite the reputation, I know.”

“Mrs. Hitler, surely you can’t take responsibility for-”

“You want to see him.”

“…How did you-“

“You aren’t the first to ask. And I’m glad to oblige. Come.”

We stepped outside, and in to the cloudy skies.

“It was quite nice of who or whatever created this place to keep the weather changing.” She observed. “It’s the same reason I dress like an old lady: same gets boring.”

In an instant, we were standing outside a white-oak shack, it’s dilapidated exterior contrasting sharply with… well, as a matter of fact there were no manors to the side. Even in the afterlife, nobody wants to be Hitler’s neighbor.
Klara patiently waited, and I hesitantly opened the unpainted front door, the rusty iron hinges screaming as if even they were begging to leave this place, to get away from what it held. Inside there was a lone room, a black and white TV played images of faces and thoughts from around the world. No decorations hung on the walls. In an old leather chair sat a grizzled old man, with a beard as white as snow and long as winter, staring mutely at the screen. 

“…Thank you for letting me in.” I mumbled quietly.

No response.

“A-Adolph, What you did was terrible, but I think you’ve got a lot of time here, and if you try, and don’t give up, you may be able to-

“1979.”

“…Sorry?”

The man held up a remote and changed the channel on the TV. In black and white was my teacher, Mrs. Adams, teaching my 10th grade history class about the holocaust. We had just finished a video, a very powerful one, about the horrors of the holocaust.

“Christ,” I heard my young self think. “What a monster. I hope he’s burning in Hell.”

The old man turned the TV off, not moving his eyes an inch.

“I am. I am. Please let me.”

I felt a touch, gentle, on my elbow. I let Klara lead me out of the house.

“He does this to all who try. Don’t feel bad, it’s quite noble of you.”

“But, Klara, if people like… people like me just hurt him more, why does he let us in?”

“He’s never told me, but I lead you all here to show him, and me, that the good in people is more than enough to outweigh something like That.”

We were silent for a moment, then I looked at her.

“you’ll never give up on him, will you?”

“This place will die and time will fade before I let my little Schätzchen stay in Hell.”

“Hell?”

“Yes. For most, to be with everyone forever is heaven. But for some, like my son, to be faced with your actions and their victims forever…”

“I see.”

I went home, and I haven't seen her since. Last I heard she was still making housewarming gifts for newcomers, trying to make up for lost time.

