That night started like hundreds  previous other nights, as I sat perusing the front page of the internet.   My eyes barely registered the posts about Trump, or the endless art threads where a lone protagonist faces a distance, menacing goliath.  I was here for the good stuff.  It had long become my addiction.  Was I ashamed?  Of course.  I hid that folder in the deepest reaches of my PC. Categorized, ranked and backed up to my precious external drive which was layered in bubble wrap.

I was an expert. In my head.  Hours spent looking at pictures, pouring over videos and gifs.  Studying movement and behaviour.  Commenting on how cute they were, what I'd do to them if they were mine.  My imagination often went wild, but I wanted to experience the mundane as well.  Walks on the beach, spooning each other as we nap in the sun, sitting down to watch TV after a long day.

Then it happened.  Quickly.  Reddit barely had time to argue about it before all communication was terminated.   I sat at my PC, wondering what was next.  Was it even worth wondering?  I clutched my external drive tight.  It was my desert island movie.  Forget the Swiss army knife or blanket.

The cities were hit hard.  I decided to make a break for the country.  Maybe buy myself some time.  I packed some essentials, made sure my laptop was charged, wrapped the drive in an extra layer of bubble wrap and ran.  It seemed like days. Ships were hovering in every direction I looked.  They were raining down destruction with impunity.  Fireballs rose from the city, and screams bounced off the hills I was staggering across.

I could feel them closing in.  I took shelter in an old barn and  turned on my laptop.  One last time before the end I thought, as I plugged in the external drive.  I clicked the dozen or two times necessary to find the folder and I went crazy.  Multiple videos at once, slideshows of the pictures and manually clicking through gifs.  My only regret if it ended here, would be that I never experienced this in real life.  I wept at the tragedy of it all.  

The barn doors slammed open and there stood two immense and grotesque creatures, their three fingered hands glowing as if the energy they emitted was barely contained.  Their multiple irises darting back and forth made them look almost perplexed as they came upon my shameful scene.  As a habit, I covered the screen with my hands.

"Huu-maaan" the first one droned out.
"Whot....yooo.....hiiid.....ing?" The last syllable dropping out of his mouth like a rock into a deep pool.

"N...n..nothing!" I stammered as I went to close the lid.

The second made a tremendous noise, guttural and high pitched at the same time.  Instinctively I knew it meant 'stop.' I froze.

They walked over with amazing grace for such enormous beings.  I hung my head in shame.  My last moments on earth would be a story for these aliens and their buddies.  They would laugh at my disgrace and exaggerate my patheticness.  Not exactly how I pictured my legacy.

 "Whot....isss......this...?" This time it hissed out of its mouth.  

I rose my head and stared into its round toothless maw.  I steeled myself .  I had nothing to be ashamed of, and if I was going to die, I would die like the man I yearned to be.

"I...I downloaded these from the internet, a global information hub."

He pointed at a picture.  "Doo...yoo...all...have..?"  The energy from his finger seemed to distort the picture so he pulled it away.

"Some of us...some of us have these."  I pointed to a different picture.  His pupils expanded as he examined the screen.

"Why....huuu.....man?" His speech becoming more clear with every sentence.

"Well...for some it's a necessity, others it's just for fun.  It's rewarding in many ways."

"You...look...after...these?" It seemed genuinely curious. 

"They look after us too." I replied proudly.  I wouldn't die in shame.

They arched their heads toward each other and the energy seemed to dissipate from their hands.

"Humans not all that bad." His speech nearly perfect now, as they turned around and seemed to glide out the door.  I watched as their ships and hundreds of others shrank into stars in the night.

Relieved beyond belief, I sat back at the laptop and digested what had just occurred.  I laughed quietly to myself and promised never to be ashamed again.  Even the aliens thought it was totally natural.  I decided it was time to go.

Moving the cursor over to the x, I closed the folder labelled r/aww and closed the laptop.

"I'm getting a cat." 



