"Alright. We now call the Omniverse Council to session."

The God of Origin 41 sat down at his chair, looked at his Galactic Map, and focused on the main point of his decision-making - a hidden experiment of a planet. He'd long been curious what would happen if he told his stories, and then left them be.

"So, what are you looking at?" Origin 37 had long since automated the process of caring for his Galactic Map. He'd earned the nickname "The Lazy God" or "Lazy" in short. 

"Just doing the job you refuse to, Lazy." Origin 41, like most of the Gods of the Council, hated 37 with a passion.

The God of Origin 1 stood and addressed the Titan that ran the Council. 

"I wish to call attention to Origin 41's Galactic Map!" Origin 41's map froze in full view of Earth, and began projecting behind the Titan.

"He has this planet, which has not had action taken on it in 8,000 years! He's left it alone, and it's become a mess of wars and selfishness!" 

The Titan responded, "41, is this true?"

"Yes, sir. I wanted -"

"YOU WANTED WHAT?"

"If you'd let me finish, I wanted to see what humans could produce of their own free will. It's amazing, they've organized themselves, even going so far as to build various technical feats!" He reached into the planet and grabbed a cell phone.

"This is one of their many feats. Here, in the Council, it can do very little. However, on Earth, it can be used for instantaneous communication over the entire planet!"

"Then why don't you have them offer you up some of these for us?"

"Because that would ruin the experiment to suddenly exert my presence on them."

The projection showed a large capsule in the same room the cell phone had been drawn from. The human climbed in, and flipped a few buttons, after which the device disappeared.

"41. What. Was. THAT?"

"It's a teleporter. I guess he just figured it out for himself. Not the first time it's existed. Last time was in Germany during the 1940s. Now then, where does he come out?"

Origin 41 blew out the Galactic Map to see the entirety of Earth. When he looked up, the device was sitting at full scale in the middle of the Council Hall.

"41. You have a visitor."

The man climbed out of the device and 41 rushed around to the door. 

"Sir! You have made a mistake in your calculations. You aren't supposed to be here." 41 shoved the man into the teleporter. He hit the button, and prayed that it would send the man back.

Not long after, the teleporter returned to the Earth, on a boat. The scientist hastily exited the pod, and asked the fishermen to help him shove it off the boat. The Titan expanded on Earth to listen in on the scientist.

"Look. I don't know what happened David. All I know is I had a detour. Some bright Hall with many aetherial looking beings. I think... I think I saw God."

"Otherwise, did it work?"

"I'm here, am I not?" The Titan pulled out of the conversation.

"You're really a brilliant bastard, aren't you, 41?" 37 was staring in awe. 41'd just caused someone to Believe in him... Without doing anything miraculous. An accident, even.

The Titan wasn't so impressed. "We must Archive this dimension. We came too close to being found. It cannot continue to last. Pull the Origin Switch!"

Immediately before the Titan could move for the Switch, a modified version of the pod appeared on the pedestal.

"I made it! David! We're here!" An older scientist climbed out of the pod, followed by the fisherman. 

"Good day, all! I wished to establish contact with you! We have come from the planet Earth. We come in peace, how may we help?"

The Titan got an evil smirk. "You've come to the land of the Gods! Twice now! You've earned your place among our ranks! Welcome... uh... What is your name?"

"John Etherbridge."

"Fitting name." The Titan opened a small hole in the floor and pulled a new Origin Switch from it. 

"Go on John Etherbridge​. Claim your destiny. Pull the Switch." John took tentative steps in the direction of the new switch, grabbed ahold, and pulled. He was immediately imbued with the necessary powers to Run Origin 43. A desk appeared two down from 41. Instinctively, the newly made God sat his desk and initialized his Galactic Map. 

David turned to address the Titan. "What about me, your Holiness? What am I to do?" 

The Titan looked over the man briefly, and came to a conclusion. He made him a Minor Deity of Fishing for Origin 43, imbuing him with that understanding. David walked away, intent on starting as soon as possible.

43 struck up with a conversation with 42.

"Good morning - it is morning, right? How are you? What is your name?"

42 responded in a thick German accent, "Well, since I tried to use the Bell, I've been going by simply Adolf." 43 stared at 42 for a second, shook his head, and returned to his job.

"41, that is two mortals that we have given Origins in order to hide our existence, and five Minor Deities! What do you have to say?!" The Titan was irritated.

"I didn't expect anybody on Earth to attempt a time machine after the Bell Incident... I will work on wiping that idea."

