Years ago, before the new speed limit enforcement, I used to drive a lot. I went to school in a town 8 hours away from my hometown, and I made that drive often. If driver's licences tracked miles driven back then like they do now, I'd probably count as some kind of professional. If they gave medals for that kind of thing, I'd have two, at least. Easy. 

A year ago, they experimented with a softer version of this. The speed limit was enforced, but with allowance for the unofficial-but-basically-official rule of plus or minus 10mph. When you get into that upper limit, your radio starts bleating out this disgusting warning sound until you got back to the posted limit. It was the kind of sound that matched the old school car alarms in both notoriety and auditory agony. 

Here's the thing. I don't have fucking cruise control. I drive a car from 2006. Cruise control has been around since, what, the 70's? And my mid-sized SUV from the new fucking millennium doesn't even have this groundbreaking technology.

When I made that road trip, with an open road in the middle of the desert, I'd zone out and speed up. I'd catch my speedometer pointing to 120 without even realizing. Maybe I'd get a ticket, but it was pretty harmless otherwise. It's not like there was any other traffic or pedestrians in the middle of the Mojave to be concerned about. 

That old alarm was frustrating. I was complaining on Facebook about that just like I'm complaining about this now. I know I said this last time, but I feel like I'm maybe a *little* more justified in my whining when we're talking about the sudden and instant ending of my life instead of an alarm. I kind of feel like an asshole for that now, but now I'm an asshole with a legitimate and well-founded fear of having the exact wrong vehicle and set of habits for avoiding military-grade explosives falling on my head.

Do I have some - let's say, philosophical issues - with this policy of dropping a missile from a drone in the fucking stratosphere onto a commuter that lost track of their speedometer for a bit? Sure. Am I afraid of a quick and fiery death for failing to overwrite the habits acquired over hundreds of thousands of driving miles? You bet. 

But more than all of that, I'm just hung up on this fucking cruise control thing. I could adapt just fine if I had a machine to maintain my speed for me. I might even be able to drive without fear again. I just think it's stupid that I'm out here, driving to work, fearing sudden death, because GM didn't think a 3-decade piece of wildly practical technology would be useful. Maybe they passed on that to include the little sunglasses cubby under the steering wheel. Maybe I should see if there are any nice vehicles from the 90's I can find to see this miraculous upgrade in technology. That might be tough, I hear the used car market isn't doing too hot lately. 

Maybe I just won't drive. Maybe I'll just call and Uber and pray that he doesn't kill me. Maybe I'll just keep being mad on the Internet until something changes. 