He woke up.

Isaac was in an endless black void, save for a gilded pathway. It lead directly forwards and ended immediately behind him. He was awestruck with the scenery, or lack thereof.

Finally, after a long while of walking, he arrived at a doorway. The walls clean concrete, with a solid wooden door blocking the way. He opened the door, and the road broke off. He stepped through.

Isaac stumbled into a lobby. The door and wall completely disappeared. Gold lined the marble walls and floor, with an intricately designed mosaic put onto the ceiling. Golden chandeliers hung from the ceiling, endlessly burning candles. The room extended outwards into a hallway. Of course, with no turning back, he had to investigate the hallway.

The doors were made of a dark wood. A sign above each door said something interesting. "Holy" was the first door to the right, with "Vietnam War" to the left. He peeked into "Holy" first.

The room was completely different from the ornate hallway. All of the walls seemed to emit a white glow. On the left, there was an odd blade labeled "Lance of Longinus" hung on the wall. According to a placard, the Lance of Longinus was stuck into Jesus when he died on the cross. To the right, there was an ancient Roman short sword, sheathed. Isaac decided to step out of the room, it made him uncomfortable.

He decided to step into "Vietnam War". The floor was dirt, was filled with mud puddles, and the walls were lined with trees and tanks. The displays showed several guns, from sidearms to mounted guns. He stepped out, not interested.

He walked down the hallway, investigating some rooms. "World War One" had a trench on a rainy day, "Fifties Futurism" had extremely fake-looking laser guns on a moon set, and "Ultimate Danger" was just a concrete room with a nuclear detonator it it. Finally, he reached the end of the hallway. There was a large door labeled "Oversized". A voice deep in his mind called out for him, telling him to enter.

He entered the room. He was greeted by a Fat Man nuke, along with anti-artillery guns and cannons. Something within him told him to go along the rows until he found His Weapon. The line of guns went on for eternity, until he found his weapon. The weapon that he could use best.

It was a Gustav gun.

Fuck.