I entered the now familiar police station. Sally at the desk hit the buzzer when she saw me. "She's a new one," Sally said. "Be careful."

I noticed the other seat at the front desk where Robert usually sits was empty. "Always am," I smile reassuringly. That seems to be my default face while here. Police have enough complications on a normal day. They are usually relieved to see me.

I pass the drunk tank. More than once I had to pick up a ten year old who was kept here. I can still see where Keith tried to gnaw his way free. Five constables were in there now. Four men and one woman. Not a good sign. I pick up the pace.

Outside the door to interrogation room 2 are the biggest pair of police constables I have ever met. Eric who always looks like a wrestler with a policeman theme and Aaron, who loves to offset his intimidating physique and size with a silly haircut, which is currently a bleached blonde perm. Aaron gives a friendly grin when he sees me. Eric's limp smile looks forced. He flexes his hands and is sweating profusely. 

"Hey guys, how you holding up?" I ask.

"Fine," Eric says between clenched teeth.

"Not so super. It's been a rough morning, Mary." Aaron says, his high pitched voice always brings a smile to my face when coming from 280 pounds of solid muscle. "I'm really glad you are here." Aaron called me Mary Poppins the first time he saw my carpet bag. The name stuck.

I focus on Eric. "Go to the bathroom with your phone and regain your composure."

"I can handle it," he says.

I put a hand on his shoulder. "It will get worse when I open the door. Please. I may need you at a hundred percent when it is time to leave."

Eric looks over to Aaron who gives a nod. "I'll be back," he says.

I wait until he is around the corner before opening the door. Interrogation room 2 is where I usually find vampires. It is the only room that lacks windows, not even one looking into the hallway or a one way mirror to another room. Inside is Janet, a red haired constable who has a hand on her tazer. She relaxes when I close the door behind me. Sitting at the table is a raven haired girl who looks about ten, wrapped up in a grey blanket.

The girl looks up at me. "You're not Mary Poppins." Her rich voice makes me want to hear her sing. Her pink eyes dilate slightly when she focuses on me. 

I laugh and break eye contact. *I can stare into those eyes forever.* I lift my carpet bag and place it with a heavy think on the table. "My name is Jacqueline. You can call me Jackie."  I open the bag and start digging through it. "The police call me Mary Poppins because of this bag. Unfortunately it isn't magic and gets quite heavy." I find the bottle of unscented febreeze and spray some into the air around us. "What's your name?" 

"Dolores Tiffany Hughes."

"That's a mouthful. Can I call you Dolly?" I ask as I put the spray away and dig through the bag again.

"Yes."

I pull out a Blue Jays cap and a pair of mirrored sunglasses. "It is really sunny today. Can you put these on?"

"Okay," she says. As she puts on the hat and glasses the room seems to calm down. Seems like I guessed right. The harder she is to perceive the weaker the effect. 

I pulled a drab olive green cloak out of my bag and put it around her. I feel an urge to take her into my arms and snuggle her, much stronger than with any other child. Touching her, even through the clothing and blanket, did that. I force down the feeling, making my voice more neutral than I normally like. "Dolly. Do you know what happened?"

She nods, tears streaming down her cheeks. "I killed my dad."

I give her a hug. "No, no, child. That was not your fault. You are a beautiful nymph. Too pretty for mortal eyes. You didn't know. Your dad didn't know. It was just a tragic accident. No different than a car crash."

Dolly hugs back. I had to force myself to pull away. "A nymph?" She asks.

"Yes. I run a home for gifted people like you."

"Like the X-Men?" She asks, the hope in her voice was just too adorable. 


I hear Janet behind me take a step toward us. I hold out a hand and look back to her. "Stay back, Constable!" 

Janet blinks twice and backs up to the door, blushing profusely. "Sorry, I couldn't help it."

I looked back to Dolly, who is hugging her knees nervously. "Yes, like the X-Men. You will learn to use your power responsibly. First to not hurt people accidentally. In time you will be a great force for good. Or just a normal person living your life. That choice is yours." I say, holding out a hand. "Do you want to come with me?"


