If Death had a face, it would have been etched with worry and confusion at this moment. In his thin phalanges was an old, tarnished hourglass.

"IMPOSSIBLE," Death thought. All the silver hourglass appeared when a new creature was born, and all the silver hourglass disappeared when the last grain had fallen to the bottom. This one was not silver anymore. It was discolored and rusty. There was no telling how many eons it had been under that desk.

Death felt a ghost sensation in his ribcage. He imagined that's what worry would feel like if he had a stomach. 

Death never failed to end a soul. How could he miss this one? Does he report this to someone? Did he have a superior? 

There was only a faint memory of someone handing him his scythe, and he knew that he had become Death.

Who was he before Death? How did he even come into existence? He started from somewhere but he had no other memories. A skeleton gave him a black robe and scythe and ever since, he reaped people's souls.

Inspecting the hourglass even further, he saw the faint symbols etched on the bottom.

"Tommy." So that was the name of the fortunate soul who escaped Death for who knows how long. 

That name almost sounded familiar though. Death placed all ten phalanges on the hourglass to produce the identity of this person, but none appeared.

That was impossible. Death can produce an image of the person from every hour glass. That's how he knows who to bring into the afterlife when their time is near. It was almost as if this identity was completely destroyed. 

Then, a faint memory came to Death. A blonde boy looked at himself in the mirror with a toothy grin. It was Death as a child.

This was the first memory Death had of himself before he became Death. Suddenly, the rest of the memory struck him like a lightning bolt.

The blonde boy washed his hands and headed back to class. Today, they were learning to write out their names. The boy looked at his paper and carefully scrawled out the letters: T O M M Y.

A voice interrupted Death's memory.

"YOUR IDENTITY HAS BEEN COMPROMISED."

The voice echoed out as Death's vision turned black. Then, there was nothing. 

**This is my first time posting, so feedback is greatly appreciated. Thank you!**