My gods, a different one?? 

I was in a terrible state of despair and agony when Marlaug the Malicious stoke my dear daughter Raina from me... but for Berstead the Wicked to rescue her??? What sort of test are my gods pitting me against....

A fortnite ago my daughter was taken from her chambers, as Marlaug scoured my fair city into a smothering wasteland of ruins and charred remains. The weight of the loss of most of my denizens was already too much to bear, but when my council informed me of my daughter being taken captive, I nearly lost my wits! I raved for a full day and night before offering the standard reward, twice the weight of the savior of my daughter in gold upon her safe return. Of course, the treasury of the kingdom has quite sufficient funds to pay the reward of any MAN to return her, and what a wondrous fortune it would have been for them. Of course, I had no idea that a creature weighing 30 times that of the standard man would return my Raina betwixt the curved, vicious fangs of Berstead. Safe indeed my daughter was. She ran into my arms with tears streaming down her face, hugging me like she thought she never would again. But the joy was short lived, as the cruel dragon demanded his payment immediately. I summoned the Master Financier and inquired about the reward, and he replied that, “The royal funds are there, M’lord, but if we are to pay now, the remainders of the city will have no food, for our crops are razed and we must import food from across the wide sea. Should we free your daughter, the dwellers of the city shall starve.”

And it is why I tell you this story, carriage drive, so that someone shall remember the fall of Cartholian. A strong, powerful city, brought to its knees by a dragons trickery and greed.

The carriage driver said nothing, as the small group of the kings family and personal guards travelled along the road to the hottest tips on the southern edge of the continent. There, no one would go looking for the king that sold his city for his daughter..... or so they thought.

————— what do you think? First time poster here