"So I go nuts?"

"You go nuts"

"And the world forgets me? Leaves me to rot?"

"Well that's not QUITE what happens"

"Is it not?! You found me wandering the streets as a madman! In the poorest, dingiest, cruddiest part of the city! I mean, SHIT, look at my clothes!"

It was a weird thing talking one of the saviors (The Savior perhaps?) of the known world. A force of justice and good, an exemplar of all that was righteous and joyful in the world. What was weird about it? The fact I was an evil madman hellbent on greed and self advancement at the expense of others? The fact we were talking in the dirtiest and most foul cafe in the city? 

Well at least I could explain my opposing number's mismatched neon orange and pink one piece that was in such disrepair it was effectively a two piece. (His hero suit was a much more tasteful green blue black affair)

"Look, it's not the world's fault you're dressed like a low budget 80s commercial for hot hatchbacks"

"HOW?! GET TO THE POINT!"

"Why are you so angry? Surely your legacy doesn't really matter to you? Does it really matter that you have nothing to your name and the world moved on? Isn't being a superhero all about helping others and not yourself?"

He smashed his coffee off the table and destroyed the car park in the process. As I handed the grumpy waitress another suitcase of 100s, he launched into a tirade.

"But that IS the point you halfwit! It's not JUST about me going around saving people! I wanted to INSPIRE people, to tell them that they too could do something good to make the world a better place! Look, was I only defeating supervillains and playing baseball with meteors?"

"No you weren't", I replied. He often stopped by and helped little old ladies cross the road or visited nearby schools to give pep talks.

"I did those small things because I wanted other people to help out too. Superheroes can't SAVE the world on their own. They can improve it sure, but there's a million ordinary people for each one of us. I might defeat the big bad but what good does it do if the millions then turn around and cause some small problem? Yes large atrocities are arguably worse but it could be argued that small atrocities are every bit as bad as big ones"

It was a fair point. Me stealing a million from the bank didn't matter to the little kid down the road. The kid's biggest problem was not understanding his homework and who would help him with that?

"So you hoped to inspire the people, get everyone to help out a little bit"

"Exactly. So I'm rather miffed that they just left me out to rot. You think they'd have taken some care of me as I became helpless and a little off my rocker. Not to say that I deserve it more than the next grandparent but you know, I might have expected that some crony politician would have put me up if only to earn some cheap points with the electorate. Instead it appears they left me out in the cold!"

"Okay, okay, I get where you're coming from old chap but you know how you were talking about perspective and all that? Have you tried to understand your situation from their perspective?"

He furrowed his brow as he thought for a moment before replying, "I don't know what you're talking about. What do you mean from their perspective? I'm a hero so I don't need help or something?"

I shook my head. "Nothing that complicated. Ok, so you know how you had an assumed identity? James the cabbie? Because superheroes had to blend in and not draw attention?"

"Yeah, I....oh. Oh. OHHHHH"

"Yeah. They saw a cabbie go nuts and just didn't bother."