“Carson, ever get the feeling that there’s something very different about this mission?”

Carson Lee, commander of the first manned mission to Mars, gave the question some thought as he stared across the table at his fellow crewmembers. He knew damned well what Mitch was getting at. They all did. And they were all waiting for someone—namely, him—to acknowledge it.

No doubt they were hoping he’d be able to convince them of a reasonable explanation. Despite the rigorous psych testing meant to ensure the crew’s compatibility and ability to cope with the isolation, the fear that they had finally lost it was palpable. Even if that didn’t jeopardize the mission, it would mean being grounded when they finally returned home. And for an astronaut, the kind of person who spent a lifetime dreaming of reaching space and touching the cosmos, being grounded for psychiatric reasons of all things would be a a little like abandoning a piece of your very soul.

“Yes. Very much so,” Carson replied quietly. After 119 days, Lee had finally acknowledged the elephant in the spacecraft. “I…don’t feel like I’m alone out here, not including you clowns or our radio link back to Houston.”

At that comment, Michelle Leventhal, their medical officer, jumped into the discussion. “Which doesn’t make sense. Even with all the pre-mission testing and science experiments meant to keep all of us busy during the trip, we expected some psych problems from the isolation. Periodic feelings of depression, minor inter-crew clashes, feelings of loneliness. Problems, but ones that we’ll all overcome. Instead, nothing. We’re all still excited and focused after nearly 4 months of travel away from everything we’ve ever known.

“Honestly, mission control is starting to worry about just how psychologically healthy we all still are. Eventually, everyone’s nerves get frayed. But us? We’re all fine and dandy, and performing so far outside the expected predictions that NASA’s headshrinkers are the ones losing it instead. They didn’t want me to say anything, but since we’re debating whether we’re *all* crazy, what the hell?”

Deep, rumbling laughter exploded from Alexei Zakharchenko. A hard-nosed, ever-practical engineer who embodied many Russian stereotypes, Alexei couldn’t help himself. “Da nyet. We are not crazy. Even if we should be little bit now. I remember hackathon competitions from college days in America. You team up with friends for weekend and build computer program. Usually in big room with hundreds of people. Whole weekend, everyone is very focused and pushes each other. Very driven. Nothing matters, even sleep. Until after win.

“Mission is like that. Good memories. I feel myself just like I did back then. We are part of something big, yes? Going to Mars.” Alexei’s grin returned as he smacked his hand down towards the small table, “But feels like we brought that something big with us.”

Silence reigned as the crew sat, gawking at Alexei. Somehow, he’d given words to what each had thought indescribable. As explanations went, it wasn’t much. But it was certainly descriptive. Slowly, more and more heads around the table started to nod in agreement if not acceptance.

Before the discussion could continue, red lights flickered to life across the cabin as klaxons started to sound.

A vaguely computerized, female voice spoke, “Major solar activity detected. Report to crew quarters immediately. This is not a drill.”

As the message repeated, the crew moved quickly towards their sleeping quarters, where additional shielding offered an added degree of protection thanks to an additional layer of hydrogenated boron nitride nanotubes that was part of their quarters’ structure.

The shielding was incredibly expensive to manufacture in useful quantities, but the added layer could mean the difference between riding out a severe radiation event and a drastically increased cancer risk. Assuming, of course, that you had some advanced warning. Eventually, future ships would have H-BNNTs layered throughout their hull and structure.

Once everyone was inside and the compartment’s door was sealed, Carson quickly started reviewing the alert on his tablet. “Earth detected a massive coronal mass ejection, and it’s oriented towards us,” he stated. His face was blank, displaying none of his inner turmoil, but those around him saw through his act. How could they not, given how close they’ve become?

As the hours went by, and the radiation levels continued to increase on the ship’s hull, the crew became more and more worried. Cosmic rays and radiation had been a natural danger of space travel since the very beginning, but the past few years of the solar minimum had lessened some of the risk. Somewhat.

As discussion turned towards speculation on the likely impact on the mission, suddenly it was over in an instant. Radiation levels had instantly dropped to zero, which made no sense. Checking the feed from other external sensors, along with internal ones, the readings were confirmed.

It was impossible on a planet, let alone in space. Lost in thought, Carson caught an odd image from one of the external cameras that were oriented away from the storm that someone had accessed. “What the hell is that?” 

On the display, a nearly opaque wall light seemed to wrap around the camera’s field of view. Other views showed the same. Somehow, for some reason that human understanding, the *Spirit of Man* was wrapped in something acting like a magnetic shield. But no such shield existed. The energy and mass requirements would be prohibitive. And it wouldn’t be visible. Not like that.

From behind him, Connor heard someone ask second impossible question of the day. “How the hell do we explain this to Houston?” 

***

Hours later, as the crew of *Spirit of Man* struggled to think of an explanation for an event that those back on Earth were already calling a miracle from God, thousands of ghosts made their way back to the ship after a tiring manifestation of their will in an effort to save the ship from damage that would have doomed their mission.

They were spirits of dreamers and explorers. Scientists and philosophers. They spanned the millennia, united in a love of knowledge that had empowered each of them to look into the light after they drew their last breath and say no. Eventually, they would go. But not yet.

They were the giants on whose shoulders others would stand. Amongst themselves, they embraced the calling of the Muse. They inspired and watched, as man crossed oceans and climbed mountains. As he stepped foot on the moon, and soon, onto Mars.

Two such muses hovered behind young Carson Lee as he watched one of the recordings yet again. “It’s hard,” the one on the left spoke, “to realize just how close they came to failure after so many decades wasted.”

After a moment, his friend Azophi finally replied. “It might have taken a while, Wernher, but they won’t stop this time. People are finally realizing that space is more than just a race. And we’ll be with them when they’re ready to act.”

*Author's note: This is my first submission, so constructive criticism is quite welcome. I was a bit late submitting it, but it was definitely a fun prompt. Thanks in advance.*