“Smith! We got a noise complaint, go check it out- small neighbourhood on north street 34 house probably nothing”

Fucking a minute off my shift dammit 
“Yes chief” I’m not a pussy I just gotta keep this job okay.

So twenty minutes later I’m coming up on north street, a small town skittering the edge of civilisation. Towns quieter then it usually is, I mean it’s usually a numbing experience patrolling this area but tonight’s Halloween. No kids running around no nothing.
I’m around the corner from the address and a mask clad figure suddenly appears in the road carrying a machete. Alright what is this shit, he’s way past the trick or treatin’ age.

I stop the car, ready my gun and pull up my speaker. “Sir stop right there!” 
Halfway through the road the guy stops and slowly looks at me. Alright fuck it.

I open my door and point my gun at the freak. 
He starts making his way toward me. I’m not waiting for him to come over here.
“Fuck you then” 
I press the trigger of my colt 45 and it lands a piece of lead in his right calf, dropping him to one knee.

But then he rises. Alright then, this is fucked.
I unload the rest of my clip into his chest and he falls back like a bag of bricks. I reload and make my way towards him. The fuck am I getting within grabbing distance of him though fuck that.

He just lies there, but I’m not taking any chances.
I start firing into his face until the gun gives me a telling click and I reload it. I usually fumble this shit but for some reason tonight’s different. I’m on my game baby. I got a cocker spaniel at home that needs his good shit. 

I run to the still running patrol car, and put it in gear. Jesus I think I see movement but I don’t have time to think about that. Pressing my foot hard on the pedal the car skidders and launches forward, the car gets hit square in the face by the Nutjob and I lurch forward and feel something smack me on the jaw. The steering wheel has slick of my bloody lip juice on it.

Leaving the car to grapple the corpse I stumble to the boot and pull out a shotgun. Moving back around the front I start unloading into the masks somehow intact face. Blood splatters up me with each shot. A hand reaches to grab my ankle and I leap falling to my back, one shot left. I turn my aim from his increasingly flapping body and fire on the engine.

Okay fuck it didn’t blow up like I’d hoped but petrol is leaking all over. I pull myself up.
I take my lighter out. Mum always did tell me smoking kills, well let’s hope she’s right.