'Adam, it's been 20 years.  You can't stay in here forever.  Your children need you.'  She said, looking at me with those eyes. 

A man would give his arm (or a rib!) to wake up to that face.   Even those piece of shit guards (they're not all pieces of shit, Connolly and Jackson were halfway decent humans) treated her with a little extra respect, although if you asked them about it they wouldn't have known why or even that they did.  And probably would have taken you in the back room and beaten you for good measure.

Maybe she was right.  It had been a long time.  A couple of the old timers, even if they were smart enough not to ask a serial killer about his age, tread carefully around me.  Ever since Ramirez disappeared 10 years ago for commenting on my hair not turning grey.

No.  Fuck that.  Fuck the world.  Fuck her.  'Fuck you.' I said, almost gracefully.

She sighed, for the millionth time, as if I was just a wayward child, and not the oldest person on earth.   'Fine. I'm leaving, but you know I will be back, and you know what you need to do if you truly want rest.'  God, she is still as beautiful as the day we met.

'Yea, I know, I know.  Try not to fuck any snakes on the way out, Eve.'  

For a second, I thought I had reached through her impenetrable calm.   Her eyes glittered for half a second.  It was almost like old times, like being young and in love.  Almost.   Then she turned and walked out.

Back in my cell, I have another visitor.  This one is invisible to the guards.  'What do you want, Lucifer?'  I dont bother to keep my voice down, the guards think im crazy anyway.

'Your soul, but unfortunately you have immunity,' he says, grinning at me.  'Well, I would take your wife, but she knows to stay away from me.  I'll have to settle for your children.' he says with a far-away look, as if he is imagining my wife naked.  'Actually I'm here with a proposition. I can get you out of here.'   

'What makes you think I can't get out of here myself?  I've learned a few tricks over the millennia.'

'That's not the point.  I have an idea that can help us both.  I know this place is sooo much fun, but hear me out.'  He tells me.  Hmmm... interesting.  I mean you can't just kill God, but... his plan is still interesting...

I mean, after the fall, Eve and I wandered a long time.  I was pissed, who wouldn't be?  Knowledge can do that to you.  Eventually I found peace.  I decided to help people.   Have you heard of Mithras?  Buddha?  Jesus?   Yea.  2,000 years later they kind of feel like past lives.   BUt I tried.  I really did.  People are just so stubborn.   Or, you get a bunch of followers and 1 Judas fucks it up (is it my fault I slept with his girlfriend?  In a time of unwashed hippies, she still managed to smell of lavender half the time, and those eyes, god she reminded me of Eve... sorry where I was i? When you hit 6,000 years old, ramble you will!).  We're all only human, I guess.

So then I decided to lay low, maybe just find a nice corner and forget about the world.  But it just gets to you, you know?  Through 2 World Wars I watched millions of my kids kill themselves like lemmings to move some squiggles on a map.  They poison themselve constantly.   Cancer.   The last straw was AIDs.   I went to Africa, saw babies dying without a chance to grow up.  Decided to do something.  Except this time I decided to just start killing all the crooked politicians.   Angel of Truth, they called me.  Except the politicians got worried.   And in an ironic move of bipartisanship, they came together.  To catch me.  And put me away.   That was 20 years ago, kids nowadays barely remember.  I've stayed here because I cant think of anything better to do, but maybe it's time to move on. 

'So by that dumb look on your face, I take it you are considering.  Are you in?'  The Morningstar asks, looking at me with his winningest smile (every smile is the winningest when you are the devil) and putting his hand out as if inviting a handshake.   I clasp his hand and shake it.    

'Fine.  But I get to drive.'  I say to him. 'It's been 20 years.  And we need to stop somewhere, I'm starving.  Is there a good burger joint around here?  Are people still allowed to eat meat?'  I wonder aloud as we walk out...

Today is going to be a lot more interesting than I thought it would be when I woke up.