John Smith slowly rolled over in bed. It felt like a few Johns had a party the previous night. But Johns knew how to handle a hangover. In fact, Johns knew pretty much everything. With how many Johns there were, Johns were masters of every talent. And Smiths were all over the globe, giving a broader access to available skills and technology. So a homemade hangover cure was simple enough to make even while already hungover. He slid out of his king-sized bed, careful not to wake his wife Jane, and headed to the kitchen of his penthouse suite. It's good to be a John.

The Johns knew everything, but did not have any true unity. A jack of all trades is often a master of none. Some Johns rose to high power, while others remained in lower end jobs, outmaneuvered by a charismatic David or backstabbing Joseph. Until he met his future business partners, Naomi Schmidt and her husband, Jacob Roberts. The decision to keep their last names seperate allowed extra viewpoints and talents, something most marraiges took very seriously. His own wife, Jane, was one of the few to lose her less-common maiden name to gain all the advantages a Smith had to offer. Together, the four of them had worked out a plan to gain true unity for their families.

John was in the basement of his penthouse, working on the steps of his plan, when he felt the change in the air. Not a sound was heard, but he knew he was no longer alone. "You should know, assassin, that you are targeting a John. I will give you one chance to leave now." John put down his paper and turned to his assailant. His opponent was younger than him, a lean, fit body. It looked more like a Michael, but not quite. His build was similar to Smith's own; he was very well trained. But he wasn't facing another John; he would know. The man was dressed simply, in a way that made him blend in with a crowd. This produced the first not of confusion in John; he did not look like anyone else. There were variances accounted for by different last names, but he was out of any standard deviation. An unknown opponent...

The mysterious assailant attacked first. He did not bring a gun; too noisy for a close range assassination attempt. The small silver knife darted out in his hand as he lunged forward. John knew enough martial arts to parry blade attacks, but the assailant seemed equally trained. Blocking, countering, and countering again, the two men fought. Finally, a strike to the forearm loosened his assailant's grip enough to make him drop the knife. Yet when John wrested it from his hand, the man jerked and twisted breaking away. It was like he knew every move John was about to make.

John broke away, staring down his opponent, the man's face concealed by a simple cap, similar to a janitor's or a plumbers. Some simple laberor was holding his own against a John! "You fight well... name your price and I will double it. I could use a man like you." The man said nothing, preparing another attack. This time, John attacked first... and was rewarded with a slash across the arm. Nothing deep, but it did draw blood. And for the first time John had the idea that he might lose this fight.

"How? How are you able to keep up with me? I'm a John, god dammit!" John lunged again. He twisted at the last second to take the assailant's knife into his arm, grabbing his wrist to trap him. He used his momentum to slam the man against the wall. The man grunted in pain, and merely grinned. This close John could see the man's face... and gasped. His appearance was almost like looking into a mirror. But if this were truly a John, he would know! The man's face broke into a wicked grin, and in a small movement, a second knife was suddenly pressed up to John's neck. 
"B... but... I'm a... John..."

"That's my name too." The man said. One swift motion ended the battle for good. Cleaning both of his knives on John's shirt before pocketing them away again, he glanced over at plans John was working on, he grinned wider. His last target was here. His talents outshone everyone's due to his unique name, now proven directly in combat versus his namesakes. He had already murdered Jacob Roberts, and Naomi Schmidt. One target remained to take down now, this John Smith's wife.

The former Ms. Jingleheimer.

---

Long time subscriber to WP, first submission. Let the critiquing begin :)