"Well, we've almost hit the magic number."

"On track to hit it in just a couple decades, I think."

Krx sipped his coffee, staring out his office window at the spinning Earth outside. His company existed in a semi-real pocket universe, days passing like seconds as they watched. He smiled as Earth made its way around the sun, clouds flying across its surface at breakneck speed.

Their race had existed for aeons, having lived in many universes before this one. This one was still expanding, but one day it would begin to shrink and Earth's people would descend into madness once they realized. Krx's people had almost met the same fate until they figured out quantum pocketing and waited out the end of their universe and the birth and expansion of a new one.

But lifespans as long as theirs did brought with them the very real threat of crushing, hopeless boredom. There’s little that can excite you after millions of millennia. The only spontaneity to be found was in other species - ones of lesser intelligence than theirs, but not mindless. With the creation of Earth’s humans they’d struck the perfect balance - self-aware, sentient, but with a tendency to be hilariously irrational. Technically intelligent, but with seemingly unlimited capacity for stupidity. So entertaining.

And entertainment was Krx’s business. Sports had been done to death, politics were solved, violence was nonexistent, their society was utopian - but something visceral was missing. Krx had been on the verge of a breakdown himself when he’d had a devilishly dark idea and executed on it on a grand scale: progenate sentient life, let them develop for a while, and then make them kill each other and charge a nominal fee for viewing. Make a spectacle of the very fate that had nearly befallen his people when their home universe had begun to shrink. And Earth was set to be the biggest spectacle yet - ten billion people, down to one survivor who’d get to ascend to their society and live as a celebrity. Sure, there were people who protested, arguing that creating a sentient species for the express purpose of destroying them for entertainment was cruel, inhumane - but sentimentality didn’t put money in Krx’s bank account, so he didn’t concern himself with it. Maybe he’d get himself a personal universe after this show paid its dividends -

“Uh, sir.”

“What is it?”

Beckoning Krx over to his computer, the projections manager pointed at his population counter. “It...looks like it’s leveling off. Even declining.”

Krx’s eyes widened. “What? Get me eyes on Earth, their time. What’s happening?”

The projections manager scanned another monitor, watching as humans zipped about their trivial business. “There. Look.”

Krx leaned in. “Looks like he’s playing a computer game. That doesn’t…” He watched as the kid punched the air victoriously, then pointed a phone at his computer monitor. “What’s he doing?”

The projections manager typed frantically. “Oh...oh my goodness. Look at the premise of the game he’s playing.”

Scanning the screen, Krx took a deep breath, then started to laugh. “Wow. Wow! I mean, the investors will kill me if I ask for another delay, but you have to...I mean, come on.”

---

“So let me get this straight, Krx. The human-lives-matter people gave them the idea for a bunch of games based on the Battle Royale…”

“...and they’re posting their wins on Snapchat, sir. Yeah. No wonder the population is declining, those people will never procreate.”

“True. Ugh. You know what, just fudge the numbers and pull the trigger anyway. America’s about to implode anyway, who knows how long it would take to recover pop numbers from nuclear war.”

“Yes, sir.”

Krx ended the call and rubbed his hands together. Last stop in 30 seconds indeed.