  I watched through my red lenses as the Truckasaurus wreck was enveloped in the flowering vines. It's glowing red eyes slowly went out as i retracted my swarm from the systems of the beast. I had never intended to win this fight, however i was surprised to admit she was getting better at this. I sat cross legged on the ground as a vine held my arms behind my back, i had no intention of fighting, I did not want to miss the best part of our fight. 

  I felt the wind move behind my back as Ms. Evelin Green floated around me. The moment her feet touched i felt the ground under me start to lturn me up to face her. Her long green hair was braided with flowers blooming from the weave. Her tanned skin took on much darker tone behind my red goggles but her dark grene lipstick still looked the same. 

  She smiled as she walked up and pulled my goggles off my eyes, immediately moving to start spinning them around her finger. "Well Andrew, looks like i win again. I feel like you no longer need these with your toy out of commission."

  I stretched my leg as i stood to face her. The vine shifted with me and i was soon able to lean back against it as it changed into a small tree. "It is Officer Crisis, Ms. Green. The Andrew goes between those two words." I smiled back at her. "I was not aware we had done this so many times we had gotten to a first name basis."

  She smiled as she looked through the goggles for a moment. My heart raced for a second with fear that she was about to try them on but she let them slide down her wrist before her hands went to her hips. "Well your not hard to track Crisis. I just wait for people to start screaming and for the machine to start assembling it's self in a vacant lot. Honestly im kind of proud i managed to stop you before you destroyed any building this time."

  The only true crime here is that you keep turning all my nice vacent lots and warehouses into green patches of earth." My swarm in the ground was picking up something but i could not tell what. Was someone running this way, citizens wanting to see a hero in her victory? No matter who it was i could not activate me swarm without Green knowing i was leading her on and that the goggles were a lie. 

  "Hmm God forbid the sheltered scientist deal with a little green." There seemed to be a light in her eyes i had not seen in her words before. "You know Crisis there is a rumor going around between the hero's hall that you..." Her words cut short as she gripped her chest, squeezing the fabric of her long green dress. 

  I readied my swarm under the earth as i saw a tree fall on the other side of my rex. "Who goes there?" I shouted at the direction of the felled tree. I felt there thundering feet as the stomped towards us. Green had regained her composure and had started to hover off the earth. I felt someone jump and saw a shadow land on top of my machine. 

  Green figured out who it was before i did. "Captain Crash, you dare interupt out fight?" Sure enough i made out the red cape and mask of the worthless villain. He was all brawn and no brain, earning his name for being almost unstoppable. The word almost burned in my mind as i looked at him. 

  "Looks to me like it is already over, I just thought i would come make a friend out of an old enemy" He hopped down and started walkign towards us. "Would you like a hand there Crisis."

  I watched in horros as Green threw her hands up and 4 massive vines erupted from the earth and went to wrap up her next fight, but Crash was not like me. He immediatly went to swinging and ripping through the vines. I watched the pain ripple across Green before she collapsed to her knees in pain, the vines falling limp with her. I felt my arms start itching as i fough letting lose my nanites on instinct. "Green set me free," I asked softly doing my best to keep calm.

  "You lost to her? Jesus Crisis how the mighty have fallen." Even the way he walked was cocky and it made me want to kill him. "Would you even be a worthy sidekick." 

  "Green please," i said, my voice frantic. I knew harming her plants hurt her, the power of life she had still came with a cost. Breaking the tree to get free without her doing it would do who knows what kind of damage. She made it to her hands and knees and looked me in the eyes.

  "Run Andrew," she said with a smile and a point of her finger. 

  I fell forward from the tree, my palms meting the cold earth as i looked up at Crash. The ground started to buzz and a slithering sound like falling sand could be heard for miles. I was calling my swarms.

This is my first time ever responding to a prompt. I hope you all like it. I'm working on other parts to the story if it is enjoyed.