"Hi. How can I help you?" I inquired the man outside my doorstep. 

My eyes squinted slightly more than usual as I scan the eccentrically dressed man. Besides holding a bottle of milk, his clothing looks as if it came straight out of the 2000s, and he definitely looks too old to be dressing up retro style like "the cool kids". However, there seems to be an unexplainable feeling of familiarity, despite his face not matching any of the weird friends I can think of.

"Uhm... Hi." He seems to be just as confused about who I am as I am about him. He turns his head to look around the neighbourhood, and end up with a more puzzled expressioned than he originally started. 

"Sorry, I might have gotten the wrong house." He starts backing off. I don't stop him, depite that feeling of familiarity gnaws within me, drawing me towards the man.

I shut the door, but quickly dash into my room to peek out the window. The man made his way onto the sidewalks, and is checking out the house number on the letterbox. His face basically scrunched together as he turn towards the house, then the letterbox and the house again. He takes out his phone, taps on it a few times, put it up to his ears and then put it back down again within a few seconds, only to stare intensely at it.

It took him a few minutes of just standing there and contemplating, but he finally ended up deciding to walk up to my house again. 

I open the door as soon as I hear his knock.

"Hi, sorry. This is 24 Ocean St, right?" 

"Yes." I replied. "Lived here my whole life, 100 percent sure this is it. Are you... looking for someone?"

"Uh..." He closes his eyes, scrunching his face and does a small headsway, as if trying to comprehend my statements is causing him physical pain. 

"Hang on." Making sure that the screen door is properly locked, I make myway towards the kitchen to get some water and some headache medicine, but a picture caught my eye as I stepped into the living room.

It's sits on the left most of the table, next to the graduation picture of Carlton. I walk past it everyday, and sometimes I even stop in front of it, staring at it for some time before carrying on with what I was doing. 

My body shakes in anticipation, joy and fear as I make my way back to the front door, gripping onto the frame tightly as to not let it slip out of my hands. The man steps backs a bit as he sees me, probably due to the tear that are rolling down my face. The screen door handle shakes with my hand and refuse to turn properly. Before I could even fully open the screen door, my legs gave in and I sat on the ground, bursting out crying. Loudly. I try my best to force out words but just end up swallowing air. After a few moment I give up trying and instead put both of my hands onto the framed picture and used all my force to hold it up to him.



~~~

Typing on mobile is not great. So forgive me for some grammatical errors that may appear.