The legend of Primus, greatest and most celebrated hero of the Rebellion, began in the most unlikely of places.  A farm.

Though he would one day become the most dangerous military tactician the empire had ever faced, speak seven languages and master the four arcane mysteries, Primus grew up without a basic education.  Perhaps feeding chickens is more enriching than it seems?

Primus and his nine brothers and sisters woke up each morning at sunrise to toil and sweat on the land, scraping by just enough to stave off hunger.

The normal effects of malnutrition on a developing body and mind could not clutch at Primus however.  Even though his siblings probably suffered from cognitive problems, poor mental health and slower growth rates, Primus grew up tall.  Strong of mind and body.  Almost as if he grew up in a different socioeconomic class altogether.

By the time he was sixteen all of the beautiful women in the village had fallen in love with him.

Why were there beautiful women in an impoverished rural town in the middle of nowhere?  Luck.  That happens, you know.  When something seems unlikely it's just an anomaly of statistical chance, an inevitability of probability.  Unlikely events are bound to happen somewhere, right?  You know, like towns with a disproportionate number of twins.  It happens.

Anyway, the women all loved him, because he looked and talked like the son of a noble, I guess, except he was uncharacteristically humble because...  well, he just was.  He was confident, don't get me wrong, but no one ever seemed to perceive it as arrogance.  Even when it kind of seemed like arrogance.

One day a group of imperial soldiers passed through the village, and the captain, Janson, took an interest in young Primus.  Convinced him to join the army.  That probably was not his primary mission, and he wasn't a recruiter - I mean, they have people who do only that, right - but he could see potential in this sixteen year old farm boy to one day become a great soldier.

Most soldiers would have grown cynical and hardened from battle, cared not a lick for a random farm hand, but Captain Janson was different.  I don't know why, okay.  He pulled strings to get young Primus into the military academy, where he excelled in every subject and quickly rose to the top of his class.  I guess a life of harvesting corn and pouring pig slop really prepares you for military theory.

Every woman he met fell in love with him for no reason.  He was a perfect gentleman, however, and most of the time failed to realize their feelings.  Because in this one area he was an idiot, I guess.  I don't know.  Also, one of his classmates hated him for no reason, but don't worry this rival was a terrible person so Primus always maintained the moral highground.

Can't have Primus looking bad in any way, can we?

Oh of course there were times he was "too brave" or "too assertive" because he's "such a god damned hero."  Damnation.  Once he ran afoul of the law for too vigorously defending the honor of a woman from the advances of an aggressive nobleman.  After her near rape she immediately wanted to copulate wtih him.  Naturally.

Did I forget to mention he was a world class musician?  Oh yes, he played the lute and everyone who listened said he was better than the most famous musician of all time and blah, blah, blah.  A genius in that department, as well.  I don't want to talk about it.

After his early graduation from the Imperial military academy, Primus was placed in charge of his own squad.  As they razed the countryside fighting the growing rebellion, he gradually came to sympathize with the rebels.  You would expect him to be thoroughly indoctrinated by the Empire at that point, I know, but not someone with an iron will like Primus.  No sir.

If there's a moral highground to be had, he'll set his charmed ass upon it and claim it for himself.

Gods.  Forget all of his violent acts, because somehow he could perfectly compartmentalize the killing he did, stave off the effects of trauma that would impact anyone else.  And why not?  He had the benefit of growing up with steady nutrition, medical care and education in a stable, loving environment.

Oh wait, no he didn't.

You know what, you know the rest.  He became the big hero and now every citizen of the republic toasts his name at the dinner table and prays for him at their bedsides.

Because Primus was a genius at everything, I guess.  Gods I don't know.  Do you hate him this point, because I do.  Is that normal?  Maybe there was like a god or something smoothing things for him from above, you know like rigging the game in his favor.  In every way.

You know what, I don't care.

&#x200B;

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

r/EnemyOfAnEnemy

&#x200B;
Edit:  typos