 It was an accident, at first. I thought I was just very . . . noticeable? Charismatic? Not sure of how to put it, but it never *seemed* like anything special. I tap, they look. No real use for it, no real point. Just something I could do that made me slightly different than everyone else. 

Not everyone saw it that way, though. 

I'll never forget the first words the officer said to me on that fateful day. I opened the door, expecting to see the pizza I had ordered earlier, and instead found myself face to face with law enforcement. He looked down at me and said, "You're under arrest." 

Naturally, I was confused. I hadn't done anything wrong, not that I could remember. The officers notified my parents of the problem. Apparently, security cameras had caught me trespassing on private government grounds. They weren't sure it was me, but they were taking me into custody to "run some tests" just to be sure. "As you know this city's crime rate has risen drastically recently. We can't afford to take any chances," the first officer explained. Reluctantly, my parents let me go, I was told my rights, and we were at the precinct within minutes. I was taken into a private room for questioning, which is where things started to get interesting. 

I sat at a small coffee table across from an officer, different from the one who had brought me in. We sat there for several minutes in silence. The whole time the officer stared at me, as if trying to see what I was thinking. He looked almost . . . amused? As if he was taking enjoyment from my nervousness. Suddenly, he spoke: "Have you ever noticed anything . . . *different* about yourself?" This took me off guard; it didn't have anything to do with the trespassing I was accused of. Regardless, the man's gun was very visible in his holster, so I answered, "No, sir, I haven't." 

"Are you sure?" the man prodded. 



"Yes, officer, I am." 



"Well, we think that if you look a little closer, you might just change your mind." The officer turned toward a flat screen television in the corner of the room that I hadn't noticed when I walked in. He pressed a button on a remote and the television flashed to life, playing footage of some guy walking down the school hallway. Looking closer I realized- the guy in the footage was me! Before I could ask how he got the footage or why, the officer told me, "Watch this part very closely."

Over and over, clip after clip, playing what must have been hundreds of times, the footage always showed the same thing: I would tap on somebody's shoulder to get their attention, and without fail, no matter what they were doing or how preoccupied they were, they always turned to look. 

Every time. 

I didn't find this all that remarkable. "So I tap them, and I get their attention. What's the big deal?" 

The officer grinned. "Follow me." 

We walked down a tiled corridor, eventually coming upon a separate room. Inside, a man sat at a chair, facing the wall. 

I gasped. 

Attached to the man's neck was something like a metal band necklace, tight enough to where I wondered how he was able to breathe. Attached to the necklace were chain links, which were in turn affixed to the wall in front of the man. All of this ensured that the man would not, in any circumstance, be able to turn around. 

The officer turned to me. "This is how we'll know whether your abilities are real or not." 

Abilities? The more the officer talked, the more confused I got. Nevertheless, I was intrigued, so I walked up to the man in the chair and tapped on his shoulder. 

 Suddenly, a roaring, creaking sound erupted from the room. The wall began to crack, and the chains were pulled taut. The man was clearly under an immense amount of strain; his veins bulged, he sweat, he clenched his teeth. Nevertheless, after several minutes of excruciating tension, the chains were pulled from the wall with a large, resounding, *CRACK!* 

The man was looking straight at me. 

The officer was beaming, almost giddy with excitement. It only lasted a few seconds before he managed to gain control of himself, but he couldn't suppress the huge grin on his face. "*That,*" he said, "is the big deal." 

I stared at the policeman, confused, curious, and most of all shocked. "I'm sure you didn't take me here just to destroy some sheet rock." I said after I had partially calmed down. "What do you want with me?" 

The officer explained, "I'm sure you've noticed that this city isn't quite as safe as it used to be. That is, in part, because of the city's rising population of mutants not using their powers for good causes. Even small mutations like yours can be enough to set our police force off guard. We're no match for them.

"That is why we've decided to train a highly specialized team of mutants who use their powers for a good cause: defending our city!" The officer looked excited, almost exuberant, to share the plan that he thought could save the city. 

However, something still didn't make sense to me. "How do I fit into all of this? All I can do is get people's attention." 

All happiness and enthusiasm drained from the officer's face immediately. "We've come up with a more . . . *interesting* way to use your powers." 



Thanks for reading! I'm new to writing prompts, so any and all criticism would be appreciated!