A sharp beep keeps repeating in the background. It started as a faint noise at first, but slowly got louder as time passed. I open my eyes to be greeted by sunlight streaming in through the curtain. The alarm shows 7:00.

I hear a shuffle next to me - "You alright hun?". I turn around and smile - Melissa, the love of my life, had woken up as well. Her eyes were enough to melt me away - that subtle smile every time she spoke.

"Yeah", I whisper, "Just had that weird dream again. Can't remember what it was though." I give her a gentle kiss and get up to get ready for the day.

Today was the big day. I had been a bundle of nerves last night, but was strangely relaxed this morning. While I trudged towards the door, I look back to make sure she wasn't awake. I didn't want her to know.
I quickly check my jacket pocket to make sure the box was still in it - it would be a shame if she said no. 

"Ha! Hope not! We have been together for 6 years - surely, I will be ok", I chuckle.

I was planning to take Mel to our spot - the place where we went on our first date. I still remember it as if it was yesterday. The waves... the moonlight... her smile... A smile spreads across my face as she looks back. Funnily enough, I was more nervous on our first date than we I had worked up the courage to ask her out at the cafe. Then again, it is only so often you click with someone. Each date after that just made it seem more magical. We moved in together about a year later and were working towards our lifelong dream of building a dream home.

"Pretty close to finishing our house", I mutter to myself, as I get ready and hear Mel wake up as well. "Good morning, sleepyhead!"

"Morning, it's a gorgeous day!", she sleepily yawns.

"Wake up! It's my turn to arrange a special date for us today. And it's a special surprise!".

"Oooooh! You are full of surprises - I don't think it can beat last night!" she grins.

I give her a cheeky grin too. The day was just fabulous. We get ready and put the picnic basket in the car. It had been a while since we had been back to our spot - almost like it was an eternity. 

As we got closer to the beach, we could see there were a few other couples there enjoying the sunshine on this glorious day. Melissa yells out a gleeful scream - "Oooooooooooooh! I see you still remember our spot!" She winks. 

I just laugh it off - it was a running joke between us that I constantly "forgot" things about us. "Remembering all those details is hard - our anniversary date, phone numbers", I jest in reply.

We find a close parking spot, and start unpacking our picnic items. "It's been a while since we have been here", Mel says. "It still looks as beautiful as it was that night".

"Yeah.. just as beautiful", I reply as I look at her. Her eyes still looked the same, as beautiful as ever - the same shade of green as the sea in the horizon. "Listen... I have got something to ask you", I tell her as I kneel on the soft sand below us.

Mel gasps, covering her mouth! "Nooooooo..."

"Yes....", I mutter with a smile, as I pull out the box from my jacket. "Mel... ever since we met, I knew you were the one. Your smile, your laugh..", I say as she giggles, "I want it to be like this forever. Sometimes, it even feels like it. Nothing between us has changed, we love each other more and more. Sure, we might look the same...I know you do.", I let out a nervous laugh. "What the hell am I saying? I am all over the place", I think to myself, "Come straight to the point!".

"Uhh...so, Mel, will you make the luckiest man in the world... will you marry me?"

It must have been a while, but her smile turns into a laughter. "What do you mean nothing's changed? Of course, it hasn't. You do know you are in a coma, right?" She laughs incredulously.

My smile slowly disappears and I look at her with shock. "What is going on?" I think to myself. "Huh? What do you mean?", I manage to blurt out.

She wipes the tears off her eyes now and says, "Come on hun! Surely, you knew! You were in a coma! This is nothing but an augmented reality that you brain has created. You know? After our first date?"

The words resonate in my ears, as I just stare at her. "This can't be happening right now", I wonder.

She continues, "Ok, if you don't believe me, go ahead. Why don't you go towards the water and run your hands through the surf?"

"... why?", I say. "Just do it silly!" she replies.

I get up and walk slowly towards the surf. "This must be some sort of prank", I think to myself.

"Just be careful, sweetheart! Just stay clear of those..." But as she says those words, her voice gets distant. "Clear"... was all I could hear.

A sharp beep keeps repeating in the background. It started as a faint noise at first, but slowly got louder as time passed. I open my eyes to be greeted by sunlight streaming in through the curtain. Or, so I thought. I wake up to see a face with a surgical mask looking at me. 

"He's awake!" he yells.