Zgorznax transmitted the message again  to the planet below.  It was the standard “we come in peace” message that is used when contacting a new planet.  They had met enough of the criteria for first contact.  The had advanced population centers, basic space travel, satellites, nuclear power.  They beings appeared to be similar to most advanced forms of life throughout the Galaxy in that they were bipedal and relatively symmetrical in anatomy. Their heads were a bit different as they had some sort external flange on each side of their head with openings leading deep inside. 

A reply finally came back, but it was a null reply.  It was something, but nothing,  No colors, no odors, not pheromones, just null.  Zgorznax tried a different approach with the next message, a vid along with the message, his face to be precise.  He made sure it was a compatible spectrum along with the message,  Minutes later a vid was revived from the planet,  It was the face of someone. He was moving his lower mandible like he was eating, but there was nothing else?  Why would they send a vid of someone eating?

The next vid he sent was more primitive as perhaps they were not as advanced as previously thought.  He sent a picture of a proposed meeting location outside a large population center.  He accompanied it with a pic of his pleased to meet you face colorations along with a pic of the person who sent the message, modified to a peaceful color.  A chrono stamp indicated when. Hopefully they would figure it out.

“Mr. President, I think they want to meet with us.  Scans of the ship detect weaponry, but nothing active. There does not seem to be hostile intent, They sent a picture location to meet along with the alien’s smiling face and your face - colored reddish for some reason.  We think they want to meet us there in a little over two hours.”

The alien craft landed gracefully.  Momentarily an aperture opened and ramps came down,  Shortly thereafter the alien they had the picture of came out and walked down the ramp, accompanied by two others.  The President, accompanied by his generals and advisors approached.

Zgorznax looked upon the delegation that approached.  First contact was always a tricky situation.  The delegation did appear to be accompanied by members of the military, but that was not uncommon.  Zgorznax looked directly at the leader of the delegation and offered his most peaceful and friendliest greeting with all the appropriate odor and pheromone modifiers to clarify his meaning.

The President looked that the alien that appeared to be the leader of the delegation.  Pleasant looking enough and he did not seem to have a hostile intent. He then watched the alien’s skin go through several interesting colors ending in a dark red...and then a familiar noise and smell.  

“General, did that man just fart?”