Mama and Dad always warned me about sharing the names found on my skin.  Though I didn’t understand the first time I was warned, something told me I shouldn’t question it.

A name for love, another for death.  Some people only have one, most have two, but no one has ever had none.  Which name is for love and which is for death is never specified.  It can be dangerous to share the names.  There are people that can ignore it,  saying that it means nothing to how they’ll live their lives.  A lot of people though are wary, at least until they figure out which name is for love.  But even then, people can be wrong.

My sister thought she had figured it out.  She believed they were meant to be.  But he lied.  He hid his names through their engagement and first few weeks of marriage.  It hadn’t yet been a year before we found her stabbed to near death, then left to bleed out.  The person that found her had the other name on her skin.  He did everything he could to try and save her, and she passed away weeping.

I guess that was when I truly began hating the names on my skin.  I kept them covered, and never spoke of them.  If I met someone whose name matched one of the ones on my skin, I gave them a cold shoulder and brushed them off until they left me alone.  I didn’t have many friends, but it was ok.  I was fine being on my own.  My ability to trust others had been broken the night my sister was killed.

But then, he walked into my life.  We were both returning to college.  I was surprised to hear his name.  He was the first person to match the second name I had staining my skin under my collarbone.  He was friendly, and people seemed to be drawn to him.  I figured I could just escape his attention, maybe even switch classes.  But it was all in vain.  There was no alternative class that was open, and my rapid exit from the first class apparently had caught his attention.  

He smiles a lot.  And he’s not afraid of me.  My cold words and actions don’t faze him at all.  He continues to approach me, and treats me kindly.  He forces me from the comfort of my shell and out into the world I had always been watching from the outside.

Before I knew it, I started looking forward to it.  His focus when we are working together in class. His big warm hand wrapping around my wrist to pull me off when the professor lets us go.  His excitement when he’s telling me about the vintage car he’s repairing for a friend.  His guilty smile when he comes in with a bandaged hand and small cut on his cheek because he got in a fight with someone over the weekend.

And as he spoke with me at an old drive in movie that he dragged me too yet again, I realized it.  Somehow, I had come to love him- deeply.  As the thought set in, I stared into his beautiful green eyes.  The man named Gabriel, whose name had marked my skin since birth, had my heart in his hands.  And I had a feeling that was where it would remain- forever.  With barely contained horror, I continued to stare at him.

I could only pray, that my name marked his skin as well.