What is a lie worth in a world a liars?  If everyone knows immediately the moment when a person lies, then lying becomes pointless.  I have my fair share of scars from telling lies.  My fingers have tiny white lines criss crossing them.  I often catch myself staring at my hands visually drawing patterns.  I will from time to time do the same thing to others as well.  My friend Kaleb has the most ornate spider web of scars on his back.  When his parents went through their divorce, Kaleb rebelled.  His whole life became one lie after another.  

I guess I never thought much of it.  I mean, seeing someone who didn’t have scars was like meeting God face to face and living to tell about it.  The chances are astronomically not in your favor.  I however have met someone with only one, deep dark, morbidly grotesque scar.  It happened when I started college.  I was sitting in an anatomy lecture.  Professor Dickerson was explaining why our lie scars fell where they did.  He was making a convincing argument until Jenelle walked in. 

Jenelle was a lithesome woman of maybe 40 years.  She wore a dress that dripped down to expose more of her cleavage than most women in my age range would dare to show.  It was easy to see two things, besides her breast.  She had flawless skin save for the fist sized bruise that darkened her entire left breast.  The other thing we could see was that she was very sad.  

Professor Dickerson asked the woman what was wrong.  Jenelle responded, flatly, “nothing’s wrong”.  The darkened scar broken only as if a sliver of glass has been brushed over her flesh.  The fresh crimson nectar of life spilled forth.  She stood there, unmoving.  I didn’t know how many times this woman, had been a part of this lecture or worse, for how long she had been telling this lie, but I finally understood how much a lie was worth.

I graduated with honors from the university but I still remember Jenelle and the lie that she told.  A lie, no doubt that we each have told once in our life, but one this woman had been telling for so long that she stands now as nothing more than a lecture device.