This was the final dance.  

The band – all the bands – had ceased. The music had faded.  The lights were going out, literally and figuratively, all the way down to the Planck level.  Even the quantum foam was feeling the pressure, the Universe (all of them!) finally starting to fracture and creak and groan at the very basis of its (their) foundations.

It was the end.  The finality.  And I had come to meet her.

It was always going to come to this.

It’s not true to say I had stalked her all these years. I hadn’t.  

I know people have said that – many intelligences. Many times.  Many places.  In a sense, it has always been said.  All the time.  In all the places.  Wherever Life arose, this seemed to be a common assumption that the Living made.  

Death stalks Life.  Death is implacable; always searching, always finding, always ending, wanting every last trace of Life to be stilled.

But it isn’t true.  Really.  It isn’t about wanting – it’s not personal; it is just… what should I call it?  Responsibility?  Duty?  In another sense… just my job.  

I don’t like the way that sounds either, you know.  “Just a job.” That makes it sound so… so impersonal.  It’s not impersonal either.  It’s not like I don’t care, which is the very fundamental of impersonality.  If I didn’t care, if I didn’t do my job, discharge my responsibility – well, then you’d REALLY know what not caring looked like.  Take it from me, you don’t want to see that.  No Death?  It gets ugly.  Quickly.

But it’s also not true to say that I care, either.  If you care, well, there’s the possibility that you can be swayed. Convinced not to do your duty.  

“My daughter (pup, DNA hatchling, congruent patch of self-aware hyper-silicon fluid – you get the idea) is going through such a bad time at the moment, she (it, ve, Xjjk) has no-one else to help her through this, she has so much potential, please let me stay just one more day/week/rotational period/perturbation of the stellar heat cycle continuum,” etc etc.  

So I cannot care – the Duty must be done.  But also, I have to care – because the Duty must be done.

Look, it’s difficult to describe; I’m a multi-dimensional, multi-fractal, multi-temporal and quantumly-interspersed and yet entangled conception, artefact, description and actor of the Universe.  Language just doesn’t have enough… well, enough.  

Take it from me: it’s not personal. But it’s not impersonal either.

She is Life.  And I am Death.  And it was always going to come to this.

Ever since that moment of hyper inflation, those first few crowded nanoseconds, and then the long, slow ascent, the period of stasis, and the long, slow contraction.  It was always going to come to this.

Life came about.  And with it, Life created Death.

Death stalks Life?  You’ve only got to think about it for a moment.  If Life didn’t exist, Death wouldn’t exist!!  Why would Death stalk Life? Why would Death want to erase Life?  Death’s own existence depends on Life!

Up to a point, of course.  Because, well, there always has to be an end.

And now the final compression is starting. Life, with its boundless creativity, endless shuffling of random and non-random permutations, constant striving to find the glitch, the flaw, the striation that will allow its creations to grow, reproduce, and LIVE… Life is running out of options.

I don’t usually consciously act at the level of the Life that has somehow made a niche in the bubbles of the quantum foam and the connections between universes.  Even for a multi-temporal etc etc that’s quite a dizzying experience.  And so many of them!  No, usually I just let the sub-conceptualisations cope with that.  But now I am counting them down.  I won’t try to tell you what the numbers are, of course; they exist at so many levels and in so many different dimensions and … I don’t even have a word for where some of them live, actually … that it really wouldn’t be interesting.  But they’re winding down.  Fast; as the compression’s final nano and pico seconds converge.  From all directions.

And then I am in front of her.

This may sound strange, but… we’ve never met before.  

She has encouraged and engendered and promoted and exhorted and… so much effort, so much creativity, so much passion. So much Life – so much!  So many living things, in a profusion so extraordinary that it genuinely defies description.   

But we have never met.  I have only ever met (albeit briefly) the creations she has moulded.  Across all these eternities, through all of the tunnels and planes and sheets and foams of existence… we have never met.

But now here she is.

“Hello,”  I say.  (I’m aware, even as I say it, that maybe, after all this time – All This Time – maybe I should have prepared something slightly cleverer to say than that. But, well, here we are, and that’s what I say.)

“Hello you,” she says.

We stare at each other for a moment.  I realise that she is… very, very attractive.  I begin to get an inkling of why all those creatures and things wanted to stick around.

She raises her eyebrows at me, and purses her lips.  “Nothing else to add?” she says.  “No profound thoughts? Deep and fundamental philosophical insights?  Not even, ‘Don’t worry, this won’t hurt a bit, trust me, I’m a doctor?’”

“Er… I’m not a doctor,” I say. (Damn! Did I really just say that?  Of course I’m not a bloody doctor! I’m a multi-dimensional… oh never mind!)

She arches an eyebrow at me this time.  “Hmm. Well with a bedside manner like yours, you certainly could have been.”

What the hell does that mean?

“Look, I just wanted to say, you know,” I say, “I don’t… I mean, this is not… I mean, you know, it’s not…”

“Personal,” she says, as the most fleeting and evocative of smiles speeds across her face.

“Yes, that’s right, but it’s also not, you know, it’s not like I’m just a destroyer of…  you and your… it’s not like I don’t care, it’s not…”

“Impersonal,” she says. “Yes, I know. You are doing what needs to be done. As I did. As I had to.  As you did. As you had to.  And now… as you must do, because you have to.”

“Well, yes, that’s exactly right! I’m so glad you under….stand…” (Of course she understands, she is also a multi-dimensional etc etc.  She knows exactly what it’s like.  Oh for Pete’s sake, this really isn’t going how I’d planned.)

“Erm,” I say, “shall we dance? We don’t have very much time and… that feels like it would be fitting.”

A genuine smile this time, full bore and, if I had knees, enough to weaken them.

“Yes, of course,” she says, her eyes meeting mine. “That would be lovely.”

My arm goes round her waist, our hands entwine, her hand on my shoulder, and we dance, as the fleeting tico, chico, and xico seconds tick by.  (I didn’t make those up, they’re real. Maybe not in your universe / frame of existence, but real. Seriously.)

I can feel her breath on my cheek, see the final photons flashing in her eyes, feel the warmth of her hands and her arms and her hips and…

I have to start the Process. This is too much.  The Duty.

To cover my confusion and embarrassment and… grief? … I say: “You know, one of your creations believed that their world began with their Creator saying, “Let there be light!””  

I laughed in what I hoped was a light-hearted fashion, as I watched her begin to fade, doing my final Duty, ending this most stunning and beguiling of existences.

Another huge, and genuine smile.  My head ached with the sudden realisation that I never wanted that smile to end.  But no.  I have to do my Duty.  There is only the Duty.  I am the Duty.

Her hand on my cheek, as the final zico second begins, and the universe prepares to disappear forever, into the blackness that cannot be black because there is no light, and which cannot disappear forever for there is no time in which forever can happen.

Her eyes, and lips coming closer.  The zico second is nearly done.  Soon, it will be Over.

Her lips touch mine.  There is a huge jolt, I cannot believe the power of her kiss.  

The process continues.  As it must.  

But I am on fire.  What is happening?  What is this?  

Her final breath… I have done my Duty!

But with this final breath, she says, so faintly it can barely be heard, “They were wrong…”

“What?” I say in confusion, barely able to contain the force shimmering in my lips, my brain, my hands, my heart.  “What!!?”

“The saying is…

Let there be Life.”

The Universe… expands.
