She woke up in bed, head aching as it has been for the past three days, the reapers arms around her. He had been meeting her since she was 12, she was grateful, at first that he never took her. As she got to know him they became friends. Around the time she was 20 their relationship got physical. Throughout that time her migraines got worse and worse.

"You stayed longer this time" she softly murmured 

"I enjoy holding you my love"

"Will you finally be bringing me with you this time?" she rested her head in the crook of his neck

"No, you'll have a cure soon, you just need to survive until then"

"How soon"

"I do not know"

"When's the soonest?"

"Two years"

"And the longest?"

"Fifty"

"That's a long time my love"

"It will be faster than you think"

"Do I really keep getting lucky or do you just refuse to let me passover?"

"Both"

"I'm in pain, almost everyday"

"I know, but soon you won't have to worry"

"How soon?"

"2 - 50 years" he smirked, she returned a sweet smile that twists into a pained one.

"When I say take me everytime you visit, while I definitely appreciate the amazing sex, that's not what I mean my love"

"I get to visit you, almost every week. In the land of the dead I'd get a week every year, every reaper gets one week as vacation"

"You visit because I am supposed to die, at points the pain is so high that that's all I want" her voice cracks

"My love, my little love, you are strong, you are alive"

"Is this life? I'm in pain I'm always in pain..."

"You just need to hold on a lot to longer"

"Why?"

"Because you deserve a better life"

"But I won't get it, not for 2 to 50 years"

"Please my love, I promise it will get better"

"And what if it doesn't for 50 years, I'll be 74"

"And?"

"And I'll be close to dying any way "

"No you won't. You'll love for much longer, as long as I can feasibly hold off"

"When will you finally take me"

"When you are ready my love"

"Ive been ready. For a couple years now"

"My love don't do this"

"I love you but didn't you see something different in my call last night"

"You took a while bottle of pills "

"I wanted it to end" 

"I know...."

"You get a week each year to visit me in the land of the dead"

"Yes"

"I can live with that" 

The reaper chuckled "technically..."

She smiled in return "I love you, forever and always"

"I love you too my little love" 

The reaper picks up his scythe, holds his love close, and gently pulls her soul out ending her pain forever.