Shane wakes up to the fourth alarm on his phone set to start his day an hour ago.  Wine dinners with bourbon nights leave much for the body to regret the next morning. 

   Shane turns his hotel room lights on and starts the shower.  Walks over to his laptop to see what time Mary send her daily love note/update letter. 

"11:59 pm.......odd" Shane started to get a weird feeling. 

The file opens and Shane's heart sinks.

  Good Morning Love Of My Life,

 Every other day I wake up reborn. Literally.  I never thought I would find such romance in something so dark and isolating but maybe stranger things have happened.  I love the letters you leave me.  Its the best part of my days. The updates on the family, work, friends, and your life make me feel like we are actually together in life.

But this will be the last letter I write. You will not be giving up your life for mine tomorrow. 

There is no other man.  I still love you and I don't want to be anywhere other than in your arms.  But that will never be possible in this lifetime.  I want you happy. And I have realized that I have the power to make that happen.  

My time came almost 3 years ago. It was my time pure and simple and you need to come to terms with that.  The universe was telling me it was time to go.  And don't roll your eyes while reading this Shane. I wasn't murdered, I didn't get killed in a car wreck and I didn't die from some missed medical issue. I was walking and didn't see the ice.  I slipped and everything went black.

When I woke up I thought it was just a strange dream util I saw your letter explaining what you had done and that your body was in the garage.  Side note.. who does that by the way?  Babe..I understand you were trying to be considerate giving your life for mine and moving your body to the garage but come on.  Even if you didn't know I would automatically bring your romantic ass back you had to have heard how cold it was supposed to be that night.  Your body was so frozen when I stood you up from your chair and it looked like you were doing wall sits while sipping on bourbon.

...Im getting off topic..

I love you for what you have done for me.  I feel a type of closure that makes me feel at peace with what has to happen now.  I need to say goodbye. I truly believe I was supposed to go for a reason. I think I was supposed to go to make room for someone else to come into your life. 

I would hate myself if i knew I ever stood in the way of your happiness.  I love you and have always loved you but you deserve a better happiness that i can give.  You deserve someone you can see everyday, hold, love, kiss, drink wine together, have stupid fights with, have make up sex with and start a family with.  For those reasons this is my last night in this world and tomorrow will be your first.  

Don' t you dare bring me back. This is what I want. You should also be reminded that I will not bring you back.  We both know your religious believes on suicide which is exactly what you'll be doing if you bring me back.

  You need to start your life and start living.  

I love you,

I will see you on the other side