This is my first post here. :P

Ever since I picked her up in the park from a soggy eroded cardboard box that read "FREE", we took a liking to each other, and I nickd' her "REE" after the "FREE" sign. Every morning, I fed Ree her breakfast and backed away, as she looked at me with her head down and her eyes wide open staring directly at me in distrust. She still hadn't been able to completely recover from her former life, whatever it was, and she didn't even let me by her food. The walk was her favorite part of the day, except for when we passed by another stranger, to which she tried to drag me in the opposite direction, as if to save me from the evil passerbyer. She never quite got over that either.

But slowly, as the years dragged on, Ree eventually became more comfortable with strangers. In fact, the first time she met my bride to be, she attached himself to her hip and wouldn't let go for anything as her wagging tail nearly lifted her off the ground. She had never acted so positively to a stranger ever before.

When my wife, Ellis and I tried to start a family, we hit the bottom of a cliff. It wasn't the kind of cliff you could walk around. My wife was unable to have children. The news hit me like a rock. I couldn't sleep for a week, nearly turning to the bottle multiple times. I was a wreck, but life moved on.

A year later, when I took Ree to the Vet, I got some surprising news. Ree was pregnant. Recently, she had escaped at night, and didn't come back 'til morning. Ellis and I instantly connected the dots. A while later, we had three new puppies running around the house, putting smiles on our faces when ever they passed by. However, the other two were in the back yard and would be there forever. It wasn't easy, even for Ree, who kept scratching my leg and whimpering as I tossed the dirt over them. Eventually, some of my tears ended up in the dirt before I put the shovel back.

A week later, we went on our walk. Before we left, Ree seemed to not want to leave the house, with the persistent of a terrier, she dug her paws in, but I got her out with a piece of bacon from my breakfast. We walked out, and went on our normal walk, but today I decided to take a different route. Before I turned, she kept whimpering at me, clawing at my leg as she looked up with her big eyes. But I kept walking, she probably didn't want to go to a route she wasn't familiar with. It would probably be a repeat of having to adjust to everything. Three blocks down, she was walking fine. When we passed by a person putting out the metal trash can, it made a big clash which startled her, even stunning my own hearing for a few minutes, but we kept walking, now at a slower pace. when we reached the corner, I noticed she was limping. As I looked closer, her right side was turning red, and there was a trace of blood passing down the block all the way back to there the trash cans were.* She looked up at me whimpering again, and laid down. By now the panic had set in, I had left my cell phone at home and started calling for help, forgetting temporarily that I could restart the day. Eventually a kind soul quickly drove us to the nearest animal where the doctor lied her down. Eventually the hours dragged on and on, the surgery continuing on through the night, with me asleep in the waiting room. Eventually, the doctor woke me up and carefully gave me the news as the clock struck midnight. I rushed inside to see her in her final breaths. I held her close as she whimpered one last time. By now, I was crying like a two year old, as all the nurses and doctors stared in disbelief, but to me all that mattered was her. I stared at her eyes, as they slowly shut, but before they closed completely, she dragged her paw onto my shoulder and opened her eyes with every last bit of strength before beginning to close them again. I couldn't handle it. I couldn't handle it. I couldn't handle it. I had to do something. Quickly remembering that I could turn back the day, I did so without hesitation, but when I did, the clock struck midnight again. When I looked up, I could see the the number 7212.


\* The trash can noise and the stunning of his hearing muffled the gunshot