Those four words. Just four. No less, no more.

It's seemed like a weird sentence to you, but you weren't gonna risk it. Even when you wanted to find out what it was like to die, or you just wanted to prove to yourself that it wasn't really real, you just couldn't say those four words.

It all started at the annual county fair. The one your parents would never take you to because they've claimed year after year that "the people who build the rides are on drugs". Nonetheless, your 5th grade class went on a field trip to the fair, but only after relentless pleading to your mom and dad, who made you promise not go on any rides (you were too short for most of them anyway).

You were in the very back of your group cluster when it happened. You were just passing the Tilt-A-Whirl at the very edge of the park when a set of arms seized and jerked you through some bushes, and around to the other side of a nearby tree. You struggled and fought against his grip, but froze when you saw your abductor face to face; he looked like a total hobo, with his grungy hoodie, full-face beard (which reminded you of Jesus), and bandaged hands.

"Hey! Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey...shhhhh! It's alright, kid! It's alright," he told you in an urgent, hushed voice.  "There's something I need to tell you!"

You asked, "Who are you?"
He replied, "It doesn't matter, you could be in danger."
"Why should I listen to you?"
"I'll beat you if you don't!" he threatened with his fist in your face.
You didn't feel like getting hurt, so you piped down.

He then proceded to tell you that you about those four words, and how you would die if, and only if, you uttered them at all.

Mostly for confirmation, but also because you weren't thinking, you started to ask, "So I don't say-" before he slapped you to the ground. "Don't EVER use the sentence! You understand me, Tyler?"

Before you could even ask how he knew you, the stranger shoved you back through the bushes, and back into the fairgrounds.

After wondering around alone for five minutes, your homeroom teacher spotted you. She shouted your name, ran over, and dragged you by the ear over to the bus.

You didn't want to sound ludicrous trying to explain what happened, so you didn't give any reason for being gone for so long. You got lunch detention the next two days, along with a phone call to your parents.

Needless to say, the fair wasn't to be brought up with your parents for a long time.

You pondered the meaning of those four words, and what exactly would happen to you if you actually used them, for years on end.

You've never used the sentence. Or written, or typed it down. Just to be safe, you've never even used variations of the sentence. And because of those precautions, you've faced hardships here and there; but the whole deal of learning to watch what you say has kind of helped you turn out to be a nice guy.

As you've experienced what typical children, and then adolescents typically experience in the jungle of life, those four words have been shoved to the back of your mind.

At your senior homecoming dance, you wandered around dateless, mostly enjoying the refreshments and making rounds with your friends and their dates, when you're approached by Tabitha Wilder, the new student who transferred here a few weeks ago; she looked stunning, with her elegant, sparkly dress and her done-up hairstyle.

"Hey...it's Tyler, right?"
You reply, "Yep. Tyler Jones. You're Tabitha?"
"Yeah, this is she," she chuckled nervously, "Here's the thing: I'm pretty sure my date stood me up, and I was wondering if you wanted to be my 'date' instead?"
"Y-yeah, that would be nice!"
You two carried on a good conversation about various topics until the slow dance number started playing. Then you walked on to the floor with your date, and put one hand on her waist, and the other hand in her hand. Before you knew it, she had her arms around your neck, and you had yours around her waist, both your bodies dancing in a full, warm embrace.

When the whole event was over, you and Tabitha stood in the parking lot, exchanging information, then just awkwardly standing there. After a second or two, she moved closer, and kissed you while hugging you tightly.

You and Tabitha dated throughout the rest of high school, kept in touch throughout college, and finally got married three years after graduation.

You lived a long, happy journey through adulthood with your wife, almost entirely forgetting that those four words could bring death to your door.

At the ripe age of ninety-nine, your wife the same, you two paid a visit to your great grandchildren, in an apartment in downtown Chicago.

The grandkids talked you into staying the night, so you did.
In the morning, you and your wife woke up to anxious voices in the living room. You walked in to see the TV tuned to the news, with a big, bold sentence across the bottom of the screen while showing a mass evacuation from a city:

NEW YORK UNDER ATTACK BY UNIDENTIFIED THREATS

"It's been going on for two hours now," said your grandson Shawn, "from what we've gathered...they're...giant robot spiders..."

The TV switched focus to the reporter, who was red in the face and frothing at the mouth, "We've just received reports that most of New York City...h-h-has been destroyed by these...creatures. We're being told that most of them are quickly advancing west, presumably towards Chicago, Illinois, as they're predicted to be seeking to cause the most damage in big cities."

You stopped listening to move to the window and open it. You really needed some fresh air after hearing all that.

Your granddaughter Charlotte started to insist that they take the kids and get out of the city. Everyone agreed.

While packing belongings, it suddenly hit you.

YOU were the reason this was happening.
Death wasn't happy that you've lived this long without having to say those four words, so he's sent his minions to play.

The robot spiders from Hell were getting closer now; everyone could hear their booming stomps.

You thought and thought about this, starting to freak out while your wife tried to comfort you. Your life seemed to flash before your whole eyes as you realized what you've needed to have done long ago.

You knew for sure that it would stop if you finally used those four words. Just four. No less, no more.

You remembered them well, and you finally came to terms with your demise.

You readied your mouth, breaking a mad sweat, hypersalivating, and...

It finally came out:

"Make me a sandwich."

Nothing happened for a little while. The parents were still packing their things and calming down their children, but Tabitha just stood there, frozen, looking at you.

Then her mouth went wide open, "What did you just say?"

Her face then contorted in a twist of rage. She shouted,
"AFTER ALL THESE YEARS, YOU SEE ME AS YOUR 'BITCH'?!"

You try to explain, "Tabby, I can explain-"

"YOU DON'T NEED ANY EXPLAINING, YOU DOUCHEBAG!!!"

She then grabbed you, and shoved you out the window to fall ten stories.

You landed pretty hard on the ground; you were sure all your porous bones were shattered. The weird thing was: you didn't feel a thing.

At least you didn't hear any spiders in the city; you achieved what you were meant to do...

A hooded figure stood over you.

"Hobo?" you asked in a now raspy voice.

"No, that was Jesus," he answered in a demonic voice.

You connected the dots, "Makes sense."

"Tyler Scott Jones, you have uttered the four words, which means I can now take you and my winnings. Did ya like the spiders?"

"W-winnings?"

"Yes, I made a bet with God, at the time of your birth, that you would say those words before age 100. I do admit I kinda cheated with the spiders, but Jesus was being a scumbag for giving it away to you."

"So...I was just a puppet the entire time?!" you ask in disbelief.

"All of you are," he said, "When we get to my kitchen, why don't you go make me a sandwich, you douchebag?"