Click... Clack. Click... Clack. 

You raise your eyes from midway through the page of your book, returning to the slow sway of the train. It's tongue clicking, thats the sound. You remember it from your childhood. The young girl across from you who had been testing her new found skill meets your gaze and smiles. The clicking stops. All you can hear are the wheels on the tracks again. Peace. 

Click... Clack. Click... Clack. 

You look up again to the girl, only to notice it's not her this time.

Click... Clack. Click... Clack.

A voice whispers into your ear.

"Remember it all."

The memory flashes through your mind. A child walks towards her mother cradling a broken arm from a game of tag gone wrong. It's you. She tells you to click your tongue to distract from the pain and you do so only to realise you can't through the tears. The pain was too great then, but it's empty now.

Click... Clack. 

Your mind wanders to the itch on your arm, conscious of the deep scar hidden beneath your coat. You twist your arm, testing it and feeling the skin pull tight. Not broken anymore, just a mess.

Click... Clack. "Or so you think..." a voice calls from the back of your mind. 

The shadows flicker inside the train, and then you see it. Whisps of black smoke start to form around your arm, tendrils extending outwards. You glance at the girl across and notice her smile now wreathed in a black gaseous substance following her excited movements. It pricks your spine, the hair on the back of your neck raising as some part of you realises what it is. It's death, and it's feeding. You watch the girl a moment longer and see the black smoke around her form what could only be perceived as a grin.

"We were hungry..." 

You feel the voices penetrate your skull and with a sudden flood of fear snap your neck around to the window just as the truck connects with the train. At the edges of your vision you see the smoke collect itself and explode outwards with a cackle of laughter.  Time seems to freeze for a moment, just enough for the smoke to taunt you. That moment ends and the truck breaks through the barrier. You reach your scarred arm out to shield yourself and you feel it start to snap under the impact. The pain sears through your body once more but only for another moment before the truck slams into the rest of you. The pain stops. Everything stops. Except for the sound of:

Click... Clack. Click... Clack.

