Joe woke up the day after his 18th birthday and knew how he "should" feel, but he didn't feel that way at all. The doctors and nurses begged and pleaded, even calling his family to see if they could stop him. It was the first time anyone had put all 20 points in anything, let alone anything as stupid as luck. Even pro sports athletes only went up to 12 in strength, and the great minds only went up to 10. You NEED to space them out or you can't function!
He got out of bed, a little dizzy, but got up pretty easily, and went to the bathroom to piss. He grabbed at his pajama bottoms that were sagging off his ass, had he lost weight over night? The doctors told him all his muscle would leave his body, so that must be the weight loss. He froze in front of the mirror, he understood instantly that something had gone very wrong the day before, but in his favor, because there in the mirror was a tall handsome rugged man, he turned to the full size wall mirror and let his pajama bottoms fall. He was staring at the most amazing male body he had ever seen. 
His phone rang, he ran across the room and answered at the second ring. "Hello Mr Joe Spacko, this is Dr Chase at the" the doctor was hiding something from Joe, he knew something had gone wrong and heard, something, maybe fear in the Doctors voice. "So we need you to come down as soon as possible to get this sorted out." The Doctor finished. 
Joe stepped outside, he felt wonderful, he planned on running to the hospital until a stretch limo pulled up, the rear window rolled down and Taylor Swift leaned out, after a quick up and down look at Joe she asked if he knew where the hospital was. "I'm heading that way myself, can I just ride along and show you?" By the time they arrived at the hospital Joe had diagnosed that spot on Ms Swifts inner thigh was only magic marker and not a tumor (Ms Swift hadn't put many points in intelligence), wrote a song, and fixed an exhaust leak on the car,....while it was driving, and without tools. 
As the limo pulled up to the hospital people were clearing out of the building, apparently there had been a small fire, in one room that stored the hospitals patient records. 
Joe had somehow gotten 20 in EACH of his S.P.E.C.I.A.L by putting 20 in Luck. 