“The gulf of Enola. Even though it’s only a day away from the nearest port town, natural barriers have made it a desolate place. Historically, this area has been used as a hideout for lowborn thugs…pirates, bandits and so on.” 

Hawthorne turned his gaze skyward as he ruminated on the gulf’s lengthy history. Eventually, though, he peeked down at the boy by his feet and scowled. 

“Edwin are you listening?” 

The boy’s tired eyes lit up as he frantically straightened his back. “Yes Hawthorne, sir.” 

“Here me, boy. I may have been commissioned to draw up a chart of these waters, but a true scholar wouldn’t end their work there. What is the value of a map without context? Can one truly be a man of the sea without knowing who sailed before him?” 

Edwin would argue they could, but he knew better than to open his mouth. 

“You will write down all of my observations. Do not waste a single drop of the knowledge that I extol. Do you understand, Edwin?” 

“Yes, sir.” 

While Hawthorne rambled on, their ship drifted slowly through the gulf. At some point, the carefree mood among the ship’s crew suddenly shifted. Whispers passed between the half-dozen seamen. It was a chain of messages that stated and ended with the ship’s captain. 

Before Hawthorne knew it, their ship had turned around. He stomped towards the captain with fire in his eyes. 

“What is the meaning of this? I can’t do my work if we don’t get closer.” 

“…The water’s shallow ‘ther.” 

Hawthorne furrowed his brow. “Then you’re worried about running aground?” 

“Nay.”

After a substantial pause, the captain continued. 

“Our hull won’t reach the ground, but something might reach up to us.” 

Hawthorne ground his teeth. “…That stupid superstition. Turn this boat around this instant! Do you want to be paid or not?” 

Now it was the captain’s turn to grit his yellow teeth. He barked an order to his crew and then spun the ship’s wheel. Losing his payment was one thing, but his reputation was another. The captain knew that Hawthorne could ruin their livelihood if he left this boat unhappy. 

“Um, Hawthorne.” Edwin muttered. “What is this superstition?” 

Glowering, Hawthorne turned to his protégé and spoke loudly enough for the entire crew to hear. 

“Vampires. Undead blood-sucking monsters who feast on mortal men. They’re about as real as a sober beggar, but legends about them have persisted for several centuries. One of those legends states that vampires can’t be killed. Instead, hunters would tie weights around the monster’s ankles and then toss them into the deep.” 

While Edwin failed to suppress a shudder, one of the crewmen peered over the side of the ship. A strange, unplaceable, scratching noise had caught his attention. 

“I would hope the rest of this crew isn’t as foolish as their captain.” Hawthorne continued. 

The curious crewmember squinted at the waves breaking against the ship’s side. As seawater bounced harmlessly off the wooden hull, the seaman caught a glimpse of a deathly pale hand clinging to the bottom of the ship. Two glowing red eyes glared back at him. 
A second hand breached the surface of the water. It tore into the ship’s flank, creating a handhold. The first hand soon followed suit. The seaman could feel an unnatural force strip the screams from his throat. He stared in mute horror as the culprit crawled up the side of the ship. 

The rocks tied to the monster’s legs scraped against the wood, making a queer sound that was truly difficult to place. 
