Untold eons and ages have passed. I have lived a long and full life, but I have forgotten more than any have ever known. I have forgotten my name. I have forgotten when I was born - which doesn't matter, time has no meaning when you live as long as I have. There is one important thing I haven't forgotten: I come from Earth. I always make sure to remember it. I place it in my memory carefully, for it is my heirloom. It has a mythic quality now. Fabled Earth. For Earth is gone now, the nourishing star we once faced with grateful love and admiration turned red with gluttony and enveloped the Earth. We saved what we could, which was a lot by then, and those things are still out there, but they are relics. Relics of Earth. Earth of the blue heavens and green firmament. Earth of the deep blue waters and Lunar Eclipse. Earth of the Solar System.  

Earth of the Humans.

After we left Earth, it became myth to us. After we found others like us in mind, raising them beyond the Great Filters through which we managed by luck and circumstance to raise ourselves, Earth became legend. After we discovered the _Aether_ and with it, a means to find still others like us, we spread out even more thinly, meeting occasionally again, accidentally or by choice.  For the expanse between planets and stars is vast and empty, and we had a duty to ourselves and the young civilizations we'd encounter - our purpose was clear. We were to be the ones to guide the others, the newborns of intelligence, nurtured to societies, strong with truth. Their fires burn brightly in the dark corridors of the universe, the incandescent glory of thinking minds. 

I had no idea I was the last until I encountered a small probe, restlessly following my "smoke". A message left to me by another of my species. The probe was inelegant, from a different time, from a different era but still human-made. If I _think_, it might have been a possible mate at the time, but the message was garbled as much from age as millennia of language drift - the cyphers were damaged, but it wasn't too hard to piece together a meaning.  The message seemed to ask for a reunion, so I sought the point marked clearly on the golden plate.  I had expected to reunite with another of my kind, but instead I found a monument to Humanity. Their children had left notes and love for their parent. Those children had passed, none to guide them through the Fifth Great Filter, and I learned from it, mourned my loneliness, and gained a new perspective and fresh determination.

I alone had the stubborn streak, it seemed, to continue, to bring others past the brinks of destruction. To teach togetherness. To teach that working together makes a stronger society - I was a testament to this. Look what Humans, my people, have done! I can travel with thought alone! The things I've seen, you wouldn't believe: glittering c-beams off the shoulder of Orion. All those moments...

Yes, I was "Stubborn as a mule". That is what she told me, so long ago. Funny, I had forgotten her name, with mine, but I remember her smile and her touch, and what she called me. It gives me shivers still. I wish I could see her once more.

Perhaps I will: I remember too an echo of stories told from Earth long ago about life after death. I'm not so sure I believe it but it comforts me in these last moments.

These last moments of billions.

I look around and I see my "children". I can't even tell you how much it hurts me they call themselves that. Not in a bad way, but the way your chest tightens with pride or when your blood beats strong when hearing "I love you".  When you look upon your family, strong, healthy, plentiful. Aching for the loss I'll cause them as much as for the fact that I won't see them any more. My monument is and will be simple - it suits me as much as it irks me.  Don't remember _me_, damn you! Remember what I teach you! But still, they bring me pleasure in this last expression of my teachings: my monument is a simple black obelisk. They have learned well, and I have given them something to build with.

_My Children_, it warms me. I hope I have taught them well, as I was taught.  They call me "the Old One". I laugh a bit at that. Old stories of Earth. Along with so much else of Earth, they would only exist in others now. No humans shall utter them or think of them.

My systems are failing me now. I can barely stay aware. I motion for my "children" to attend me, I whisper to their representatives how proud I am of all of them. I wish them unity, as only unity can bring them prosperity. I caution them to be wary of the grey, and finally I tell them a story, a fable, of long ago, about humanity, another story I refused to forget. How we reached for the stars. How we learned to embrace our differences and join them together like a giant puzzle. How a young people rose from the cradle of their planet to boldly explore new worlds and civilizations. I hope I do it justice. I adjust it accordingly, but the moral stays the same.

I tell them, I won't die as long as you remember what I teach you. In _you_, I say, I will live on. There are more than one death, I tell them. The first Death is when you die bodily. The second Death is when you are forgotten. If you wish for me not to die, remember what I teach you, remember me, remember the Humans, remember Earth.

I take a last shuddering breath, and finally, my systems power down.