"Im-Impossible", exclaimed the baffled man. "How could this be possible?"
"Anything is possible my dear John", replied the angel quizzically.
John? Thought the man. How did this Angel know his name? He had no recollection of his past except for basic information like his name and that he had died of old age.
John had been too busy taking this all in and noticed how the angel was an ethereal beauty.   He had noticed her brilliant white hair, pixie styled, her blue eyes like the endless blue, mysterious and captivating,  and her pale skin which seemed to compliment the rest of her characteristics. John had been too busy admiring the angel in front of him and soon realized how surreal his surroundings were. The skies were a deep, dark night that was illuminated by countless stars that looked as if they were moving, illuminating his surroundings. Instead of a moon, there was a giant star that took its place, whose light that brought warmth, protection, and so much more. They were on a beach with clear sand and a soothing, calm ocean. Opposite in its direction was a beautiful forest that seemed vibrant and enchanting, as if it was inviting him to come.
The angel let out an adorable laugh as she continued to look at John puzzlingly. "You like what you see?", she asked.
"I-I don't even know where to begin", said John. "Even though everything shys in comparison to you" John mumbled under his breath.
"Do not fear", said the angel. We are in a place where we are both finally together again.
Together again? What did she mean by that?
"Don't worry John, your punishment back on Earth is over". "Here, let me help you remember". 
The angel leans in to kiss John. His life literally flashes before his eyes as he recalls what he went through back on earth. From his childhood and how simple life used to be, to his adolescent days where he was an angsty teenager and he thought the whole world was against him, to his early adulthood and being suffocated with responsibilities. Time seems to slow down as he sees the most beautiful girl in his visions, almost too familiar. He realizes this was the love of his life he was seeing. And then it hit him.
Your name is Angelica.

This is my first attempt at a wp and first post after being a lurker for quite a while. Let me know your thoughts please c: