Oh, Master, I am so sorry you are leaving me. I always thought I will be the one who will die first, as dogs lives are shorter than human's. Who would have thought that the man who adopted me, fed me, welcomed me into his life house will desert me so soon?

I noticed you changed so much a couple of months ago, when you had to go to the hospital. You came back thinner, looking pale and tired. You stared into my eyes, weeping:

"Lord, what I am going to do with you? Who will take care of you after I'm gone? Who will take you hunting, who will take you to the vet?"

Although he suffered, he was thinking about my faith. I remember the day he found me in the forest. I was a puppy back then and I was deserted by an evil woman. A tall, solid man approached me after a couple of days of complete loneliness. He had a hunting rifle in his hands.

"Oh, dear Lord, who are you? And what are you doing alone in this big forest? I am Luke, a retired teacher and a passionate hunter. And you look exactly like a hunting dog."

I smelled his hands and immediately knew he was my Master. He shot a bird that day and I runned to bring the corpse into his hands.

"Good Lord! You are a real hunter, aren't you?"

And then we went to his house, together, like old friends. He lived alone in a house and I became his best friend. I defended him and his property, I welcomed his grandchildren, I brought his birds to his feet. We ate together, walked together and played together. When he slept, I silently watched him. My Master was safe, always. 

He treated me like I was the human and he was my servant. 

"You have such big hands now, Lord, that mine seem just like little paws. You will grow up big and strong, as I am beginning to shrink as years pass by", he told me one day.

And now, after all these years of friendship, you look like you will leave me forever, Master. They are all here, your human family. When your breathing stops, I cannot restrain my pain and I mourn in a way only a hound could grieve his Master. When they bury you into the ground, I just stay there for days, waiting for you to come back.

Years pass by and I never saw you again, Master. Strangers live into your house now. The forest seems empty without you. And me, Lord, I hunt to survive and remember your kindness.