I could have sworn I had been sitting at a red light just a few seconds ago. Now I’m in some sort of office building, and it seems that whoever runs the place has a sense of humor because there is a big sign that says “Welcome To Hell” on the wall. I wonder if I blacked out i mean I wa- “NEXT!”. Some woman in a pants suit was gesturing at me wildly I’m not sure why, but I think I should follow her.

According to the nameplate on her desk her name was Karen, and she didn’t seem to be too happy with me. “You know atleast the Hitlers of the world had some sort of goal in mind, but not you no you just were to fuckin stupid to call an Uber when you went and got wasted.” She said unenthusiastically, “Sorry, but what are you talking about and where am I exactly?” I may have been asking what to me seemed an appropriate question but what I got in response was a rather dramatic eye roll then she just said,
“Your name Mr. Charles Knight. You’ve been killed in a drunk driving accident. Because you were the drunk one who sped into a cross section before the light turned green - idiot- resulting in the deaths of 3 people you are now at the Hell intake office. Any questions before you are processed? You have 30 seconds”.
I stammered “b-but I don’t even remember that and this is an office building cmon where are the cameras is this some sort of game show? I mean if it really was hell wouldn’t it be fiery and scary?”, she looked at me for a few seconds before responding, “I knew you were a moron, but really those are your two questions? No this isn’t a game show. No hell as you can see isn’t fiery and scary. You’ll be assigned a studio Apartment in Sector 1309. I suggest you start a hobby or something. Goodbye!” 

Suddenly I was standing on a city street with a key in my hand looking up at a building that looked like any other apartment complex in the world except it stretched upward as far as the eye could see. I spotted a man walking down the street and tried to ask where I was “Fuck off.” Ok maybe someone else would be a litter more friendly. That’s when I spotted a poster on the wall.

*WELCOME TO HELL to all new arrivals you might be a bit confused. There is no need to be alarmed yes you are in hell, but it isn’t much like you may have heard back on earth. Turns out the only punishment that gets worse with time is boredom so that’s what this place used to be just a bunch of buildings where they locked people up to be bored forever, but when the most conniving minds in history get bored they also get ideas. So about 78 years ago we rebelled, and took over there is no eternal torment here just a pretty average earth society minus the need for food, or sleep, or any of that nonsense. Since you were assigned into SECTOR 1309 it appears you don’t really have any useful skills so feel free to pick up a hobby or attend school. Just enjoy yourself! [if you know anything about Quantum Physics please report to SECTOR 112 we are trying to make a portal to earth and you could be useful in that endeavor]*

“Maybe this won’t be so bad after all. If we can just do whatever we want maybe I’ll take up painting, or oh I wonder what type of porn they have here!”, I mumbled to myself, then there was a blinding flash of light in the sky, and a giant glowing hand reached down out of a portal that had just appeared. *THIS WILL NOT STAND YOU WILL BE PUNISHED AS IT WAS MEANT TO BE* the hand was shot by what appeared to be anti-aircraft cannons, and after taking a pretty good pummeling the portal vanished and the severed arm crashed down to the ground. A woman walking by noticed my surprised expression and said, “Oh, sweetie, that happens like every Wednesday don’t worry about it”.