“So how did you two lovebirds meet?” Sian asked, breaking the silence with a playful smirk. She knew full well how the young couple before her had met but she wanted to embarrass them in front of the group after what they had just made her do. Moira’s burning cheeks proved testament to just that. Satisfied with her question, she relaxed back with a soft chuckle. “Told you I’d get you back.” She gloated, sticking her tongue out childishly.

Moira’s cheeks continued to glow a cherry red as she glanced over at her partner. Who knew truth or dare could be such a dicey game at 32? They really were too old for this kind of carry on. Joseph offered her the same goofy smile he always did, the very one she had come to love, but there was still a tinge of pink highlighting his cheeks. “I’ll let you explain this one love, you always were better at-well, I guess they’ll see.”

Gregory, Laurel and Charlotte snapped their attention back to Moira, curiosity evident on their faces. This evening had taken a few turns they hadn’t quite expected when they first agreed to play spin the bottle. The group had become firm friends during their holiday break in Austria five years ago. So much so that they agreed to meet up every year to share their holidays together. This year they were somewhere a little more temperate, choosing sunny Spanish beaches over the snowy slopes.

“Uh…” Moira paused for a moment, noticing the groups eyes on her. She took a large gulp of her drink before taking a deep breath and beginning her little tale. “Well I used to be something of a-”

“-Con-artist?” Sian interrupted with a giggle. The groups eyes found a new target, which was met with a collective gasp.

“Sian!” Joseph scolded, “it’s Moira’s story let her tell it.”

“Oooooh fine!” She said, settling down. “Just want to make sure it’s told true…”

“I would call myself more of a negotiator but-” Moira cut in, reclaiming the spotlight “well I had a job to do until I was otherwise engaged.”

“I'd be more inclined to say you were distracted by a sexy man beast. ” Joseph teased, prodding her on the shoulder. 

“Heh, I guess you could say that.” She replied with a soft smile. “Joseph was in a party of gentlemen attending a stag do at the bar I worked at. I was a stripper.”
Gregory narrowed his eyes, tilting his head to the side as if trying to picture it. “Hey!” Joseph shouted, snapping his friend out of it. Laurel punched Gregory on the shoulder and he retracted back in shock. “Hey guys I wasn’t being pervy I swear!” He protested as Joseph shot daggers his way. “I just really didn’t expect that to be your background. And Joseph… Man… I didn’t really take you for the kind of guy that hung out at strip joints. I mean I was kind of expecting a funny story not something sleazy…”

“Jesus Greg, would you shut the fuck up for once in your life and just let someone tell a story without any damn interruptions?” Laurel asked exasperated. 

“Yeah-sorry.” Greg replied a little deflated, running a hand through his hair. “Sorry guys. Please eh continue.”

“Sure…” Moira started, “look I know this isn’t what you guys expected but it wasn’t what I expected either. I was supposed to dance and seduce the groom, then collect proof of his unfaithfulness. I was being paid by his soon to be wife who wanted to lure her fiancé into cheating so that she could divorce him with relative ease and half his assets a year into the marriage. This would be after she "discovered" some compromising photos of her husband and myself but then Joseph happened.”

“Yeah sorry about that.” Joseph apologised with a chuckle, “really ruined your plans for that night didn’t I?”

Moira smiled at him warmly. “Joseph you saved my life that night. I wouldn’t be who I am today if you hadn’t charmed me like you did.”

“She means if I hadn’t fell on her, knocking over the expensive tray of champagne she was carrying over to us, smashing all the glass in the process and then impaling us both on the shards.” Joseph grimaced at the memory. 

“We spent the rest of the night waiting at the hospital in A&E, I had a rather nasty laceration on my neck and he had bloody hands. Given what I was wearing we must have looked a state. The nurses thought I was a prostitute and he’d assaulted me. After treatment we wound up with the police. I sweet talked us out of there and Joe offered to get me home. Once he got there we ordered pizza and watched a film. In the morning we swapped contacts which led to a few dates-"

"No more strip joints there!" Joseph interjected, winking at his partner. 

"-and the rest is history.” Moira finished speaking and drained the rest of her drink. “Unorthodox maybe but it worked for us.” She added.

“You know I love you Moira,” Joseph told her, leaning over for a kiss. "I love you too Joe." She replied, smiling into the kiss.

“Hey! You guys are making me hurl over here, come on!” Sian protested, rolling her eyes.

Edit: grammar.
