First of all, I'm no princess. I may once upon a time have been the daughter of a king, but my mother was a simple ladies' maid, who sought to elevate her way to the throne by sleeping with my father. When it didn't work out as she had planned, (she was executed for being a witch and bewitching my father, the traitorous wretch) I was placed on a mountaintop to die. That’s the day I met Jarne. 

See, Jarne was a nomad. He would move from town to town, ravaging, pillaging, stealing sheep and whatnot, all the fun rebellious things you do as a young dragon. When he found me on the top of the mountain, all tears and snot and dirty diapers, he was completely flummoxed as to what to do with me. He'd never even seen a human whelp before, let alone one who had been seemingly abandoned. 

So began his training. And eventually, mine. He learned that I detested Brussels sprouts, but loved broccoli. I hated walking when there was the chance to run. I loathed frills on my clothes, but loved to work with animals. I was the entire antithesis of a princess. But Jarne loved me anyway.

By the time I could walk Jarne had flown me around to several towns, searching for a place we could call home. Most townsfolk ran away at the sight of a giant beast “come to kill us all, I'd suspect!” But one town, a tiny little village called Newfolk, took us in. Jarne was able to get work with the local Blacksmith, tempering his fires and adding dragonscale to the occasional armor, increasing its strength and durability. I found work with the local midwife and herbologist, who taught me everything I could possibly want to know about babies, poisons, cures, and painkillers. Not to mention which herbs could be eaten in lean times. 

After 16 years, Jarne decided we needed to get away from that place. Not because of anyone in particular, but because 16 years anywhere is a very long time for a dragon! So we packed up our things, said some tearful goodbyes, and promised to visit whenever we could. And then we made our way out into the world again. 

Cue today. We had made it several hundred miles from where we had started; having a dragon who could fly made moving day a breeze! We settled down in a nice pine forest, not too far from a prosperous looking town. We were planning on having me go in to the town, and asking around to see if anyone needed help. And that's when it happened. 

A big old man on a fat pony, covered in armor came towards us at full trot. Poor pony looked like it was going to keel over just from the weight of the fat lump on its back! I felt sorry for the tiny thing, putting up with the dolt digging his heels into its sides. A man like that shouldn't even own a horse, let alone be riding one. 

“Princess!!!” He wheezed, his breath coming in short puffs as he clambered down from the ponies' back. My left eyebrow raised of its own accord as I looked at him incredulously. 

“Not a princess, but what can we do for you?” I asked, trying to remember my manners as Jarne looked on, trying not to giggle. Jerk.

“I have come to save you from yon dastardly beast!” Pulling his sword out of it's scabbard, he swung in a full circle, overbalancing and nearly tipping on to his knees, before righting himself hastily and pointing it in Jarne's general direction. Jarne let out a quick puff of laughter, before schooling himself into what he considered a nasty smirk, but I thought of as his “thinking" face. 

“Well, you've come to the wrong place. Jarne is my friend, mentor and sometimes parent. He raised me. So theres no need to…” I trailed off as I noticed the blank stare on his face. I was getting nowhere with this idiot. “Look, we were actually looking for work; do you have a Blacksmith in town? Jarne can…”

“Death to the Beast!!!” Roared the man, clunking his helmet visor down, and charging at Jarne and myself with the slowest movements I had ever seen. He was telegraphing his every move, openly, and had no finesse or strategy that I could possibly see. Since I had discovered a love of the martial arts at the age of 8, I simply reached my foot out and tripped the poor sod, watching him tumble over his armor, clanking and clattering  all the way down the small hillock, to rest gently at Jarne's claws. Jarne couldn't contain himself any longer, and let out a series of belly laughs, which, of course, for a dragon, were tremendously loud and sounded a bit ferocious.

The man on the ground at Jarne's feet looked up in terror, his eyes wide and his limbs trembling. He'd lost his sword at the top of the hillock, and now he couldn't even roll over long enough to get to his feet. His eyes rolled into the back of his head, and the poor bugger fainted, right there. 

Jarne's laughter could probably have been heard the length and breadth of the forest, he was so amused by this “knight". Meanwhile the pony had started and run back to town at Jarne's first series of laughter, and soon we heard a second set of hoofbeats coming up the path. 

“Oh my God, Jarne,” I giggled. “We have to stop laughing, this is serious…” But we continued to laugh, thinking another old, fat knight was coming to save his friend. 

What we saw, however, made our laughter stop mid-chuckle. A handsome man, in shining armor, atop a battle-hardened stallion rode into view, his banner waving lazily in the air as he trotted along. Jarne and I exchanged glances; was this man going to prove to be worse than the other?

“Ho, Damsel!” He called, looking from Jarne to me and then to the knight at Jarne's feet. “Is there a problem with Sir Gilbert? What has happened here?” He clattered to a stop in front of me, gazing down through his long lashes at me. I took a deep breath. 

“Your Sir Gilbert attacked my friend here. Or at least he tried to. Poor thing got all muddled up in his own armor and tripped, fell over himself and rolled down the hill , bumping into Jarne. This is Jarne, my friend and mentor.” I gestured to Jarne, who dipped his head towards the handsome knight.

“Well met, friend Jarne. A dragon hasn't been seen in these parts in many, many years, but we are still lucky enough to get to see one in this day and age. Unfortunately, Sir Gilbert has been in his cups today, and so believed you to be a menace. My apologies for this. And please accept the apologies from the rest of the town. We would be honored to have you come in and greet the townsfolk, if you would?”

Jarne turned his massive head towards me. *What do you think, Chosen? Shall we join them?*

With a smile on my face, I turned back to the handsome knight. “Lead on, Sir…?”

“Damon. My name is Sir Damon. And I'm very pleased to meet you!”