My first time doing one of these.  


Sorry if it's too long.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
------------------------------------------------

It was too cold.

Rex thought as he left the subterranean train.

It was always too cold on this damn planet, but this particular part of this horrid world was even worse.

He looked around; he could smell them. Smell these humans with their sweat and their warm blood circling around their bodies. 

It had been little over a month now since he moved to this particular this part of this particular planet. It was always wet, and the sun, for the most part, seemed to hide behind clouds, but even when it didn’t it was never enough to warm his skin.

He entered work and was immediately met with demands and scorns of those of higher rank than him. 

The office of Heartland National Insurance was busy and booming with lots of men in nice expensive suits in a nice expensive office in the old and powerful city of The City of London. Which was not as many people thought just London in general but actually a completely different and much more ancient entity.

It was this fact that had led it to the eye of many conspiracy theorists who theorised that it was actually secretly run by ‘Lizard People’. Rex Petersfield who in Earth terms could be said to be of reptilian decent himself found the phrase somewhat offensive. After all, he didn’t call them ‘Monkey People’ did he.

The Car-Traz people were an ancient and noble race with a history that went back much further than these bi-pedal mammals. A history that had ended before its time. 

He sat at his desk and went through his morning routine. He answered emails, opened spreadsheets and then when he thought no one was looking browsed to websites that hosted conspiracy theories.

It was websites such as these that had led him to this cold, damp and dark city they had convinced him that perhaps just perhaps a small group of his people were here secretly running the world.

The idea was silly, but Rex felt he was out of options. He was tired of hiding tired of being scared every moment of being found out. 

As he sat, Rex mind drifted back to his mother asking his father why they don’t just tell the people of Earth why they were here. They were refugees after all they had nowhere else to go what were they meant to do? Die out in deep space? The humans were barbaric, but they weren’t monsters.

His father at that moment unmuted the television, and the news played a piece on fellow refugees from Syria. The look of desperation on their faces was evident, and the horrors they faced was not unknown to us, and yet we had seen as the other humans had been reluctant to help.

“They’re that callus to their own people. Think what they’d think of us” His father spoke.

Then there was silence.

Rex sat there and thought more on his parents; he missed them both too much.

“OOooo you like conspiracy theories!” A noise emanated from behind him.

He quickly closed the tab and turned around quickly.

“Hey I’m Karen from HR” the woman spoke reaching out a hand.

He shook her hand trying to not make direct eye contact. He wasn’t sure if he’d charged his suit correctly last night and eye dilation had a bad habit of acting up.

“You’re Rex, right? You know you keep to yourself a lot here, but I don’t know I like to make an effort to meet everyone and well… hi!?” She laughed.

He could hear her blood pumping faster as she started to perspire.

“Hi,” he said not knowing what to say next.

Rex wondered why she was behaving oddly. He recognised these symptoms as that of physiological attraction. Yet Rex in his human suit was hardly what could be seen as handsome. His skin often had a greyish tint as circulatory systems were not properly functioning, his face often looked gaunt, and he found it hard to move in a way that was authentically human.

But when he looked in her eyes, they were dilated.

“You know I love conspiracy theories! I read this really cool piece the other day which talked about how the world is really flat and…”

“It’s not” He interrupted her.

He’d seen The Earth from the outside he arrived as a kid and the idea that anyone on this planet thought it was anything but round, he found incredibly strange. But then again this was a bizarre planet.

“Yeah, I know it’s not… but well that’s kind of fun, isn’t it… pretending it’s all real” 
She seemed nervous now, and Rex almost felt pity for her. 

“I mean you don’t think anyone really believes that stuff do you? Like that the Royal Family are actually Lizard people or something.”

He knew this wasn’t true, unfortunately; this particular theory was one of the reasons he came to this part of the planet. He remembered how he had made an effort to meet The Prince of Wales when he first arrived.

As he did, he looked into his eyes hoping even needing to find something familiar behind them.  But there was nothing, the same warm blood as the rest of this planet. At that moment he’d let out a loud cry which caused him to be escorted away from the so-called Royal Family. He didn’t think he’d be allowed back in their sight, neither did he want to, they were a disappointment.

He came back to reality at that moment as the female stood their awkwardly his mind did have a tendency to wonder, but it was getting worse and worse. Lately, he never felt really here.

“So you’re over here from the States right? I bet your parents are proud their little boy all the way on the other side of the world” She tried to engage him again.

“My parents are dead,” The alien said coldly.

“Oh… I’m so sorry” And with that, she left.

He knew he shouldn’t have said, it wasn’t how you fitted in, but he couldn’t today. It was too cold he told himself, he never could think adequately if it was too cold.

When work finished, Rex made no attempt to say goodbye to his colleagues and instead headed straight for the door. Karen made a move to apologise as he walked past her but was ignored he needed to rest, he needed to be home. 

When he finally got back to the small apartment, he was living in it was a relief. He turned on the inferred lights that atoned the walls and started to take off his human suit so that his scaly, green reptilian skin could reach the warm glow. 

It felt incredible like he was him again like now he could feel his muscles work and mind race as the heat gave energy to his cold blood.

He couldn’t take this anymore this damn planet, with these damn people. He felt the loneliness that had been there since his homeworld was destroyed, just a kid when it happened, the moment he and his family were struck apart from their people. The frustration started to bubble up as he thought at all the attempts, he’s made to contact them.

The politicians that were just corrupt old humans with money and power, the CEO’s who while monstrous in their abuses and indulgences were indeed human alright, he’d even joined a Masonic lodge under the information found in a book by a former sportsperson, only to see it was just a glorified drinking club. He’d had it this was enough, the walls of the room were closing in on him now, he had to get out, he had to get off this stupid planet with all of these foolish monkey men.

As the pressure in his chest squeezed tighter and tighter Rex gave out a giant inhuman screech that only he’s Car-Trazian physiology could muster. 
As he did so the door opened.

It was Karen who was now looking at the reptilian humanoid in his full entirety.

She stood there shaken to the bone; shaking with fear. 

“You’re Karen from HR right?” The inhuman creature said to her meekly.

