"You are the worst human I have ever met. You think with your sword and before you could finally use it, you get cold feet and run away. Are you actually dumb or just ignorant for the mighty magic? This is the best option for everyone. They die quickly and you may ascend from being a peasant with a toy stick." Since I lost my book's cover, it became a hateful chatterbox. The saddest thing is that I can't hate it because for one, it is quite useful, and second, it is sometimes funny. However, I'll never admit this.

"Says the one who feels proud because more men were inside of it than it can count." Here comes my shield, protecting not just my ass but also my self-esteem. I like my shield, nothing special for looks but definitely the best one. Mr. Sword and Ms. Shield would be the most powerful kit out there; killing everything in sight and being nearly invulnerable all the time. The spell book wasn't terrible either but the deal I got from the thrift shop however consisted one more thing.

"Guys, why can't we just run along and not fight? I hate fighting!" The cowardly boots. I can't even get near a pet, my legs tremble and I run away as fast as I can. I should have suspected why this deal was so cheap but at the time it seemed awesome.

"You do realize that if you use levitation than your boots can't run away, right? Without magic you are nothing more than a pibedal worm."

"You do realize that they automatically flee from enemy no matter what, right? You are just a simple spell book, not a lexicon. So shut the hell up." I barked back at my book.

"Simple spell book? How dare you call the mighty Book of Highcast a simple spell book? I'll...."

"I'll cut you into pieces of paper you dumb paperbag. I'm on blood withdrawal and you aren't flesh, but I'll sure enjoy cutting. "

"For the love of The Ancient Ones, you all shut up. I'm in the middle of the quest and I don't want distraction!!"

"Eh, why bother? Just go and bet on yourself as the winner and go to a running championship. Just make sure you place a bunny behind you so your boots will run fast."

To be honest, the book was right. I sucked at quests because my boots are *sooooooo* scared of everything, I can't even hit an enemy. I'm almost out of money and I can't really make any silver. I feel petty for myself. The previous owner collected all the legendary items through a lifetime of quests, and now I, the next soulbound wielder will die of hunger.

"I want to murder something!!!!! I haven't had any blood in weeks and I'm starving!!!! I swear I'll cut your legs if you run away from orcs next time"

"No you will not! I'll make sure our owner will be safe and sound."

"It is too late anyway. He is already the fastest man in Hinterland, running away from himself. Well at least I gotta explore the world more before this one gives in as well. Too bad he is too dumb for using magic. I seriously feel ashamed for being soulbound."

"Hey guys, what if I open a butcher shop? You can all be happy. Sword can cut meat, I'll be safe so Shield can be happy as well and dead animals don't scare Boot." Finally I stopped running, and everyone was listening to me. 

"What is in for me? How can a such a lowly job satisfy the book that is created by the greatest of minds?"

"I'll cook the meat with fire spells as a revenge for you being an asshole to me."

"NOOOOO" yelled the Book.

"YEEEEESSS" Yelled the Sword.

This is how I became the best butcher in the land. The Highcast fire spells really makes the short loin extra tasty...

\-------------------------------------------------

Feedback is always appreciated, critiques are welcome!

Read more of my stories [HERE](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritesOfWipyk/)!