"You're can't be serious, right?"

First rule of the apocalypse: under no circumstances do you mention to the local trading post marshall that you have gasoline stashed in a secret shelter nearby. They will remember you, and they will chase you with sharpened pipes and sawed-off shotguns until you are conveniently saved by a group of kind wasteland bandits.

For some reason, this time around something inside of my brain just *broke*. When you've been traveling for as long as I have, with a best friend as senseless as I've got, there's no way to avoid the inevitable shenanigans that shadow you both. Get in a car with your pseudo-brother, drive across a half sunken wasteland in search of shelter and safety, and tell me you don't end up pushing him into a ditch in exchange for a carton of wet cigarettes.

Especially when he's so amicably, affectionately *stupid*. He's so charming, so friendly, but too impractical to even count as a real human being.

This revelation leads me to my brain-breaking conclusion - there's no way we count as real human beings. We've gotten into too many messes, nearly escaped ruin too many times, for this to be cosmic coincidence. I fully acknowledge that we should be dead thousands over, as we are clearly not the most reliable unit.

Maybe I'm having some kind of mental break, maybe the cackling in my dreams is a sign. At this point though, what else can I do? The world is already over and we've established that neither of us can die. It's my time to take control. No more side-character, meek younger brother, constantly being pragmatic and cleaning up all of the messy plot holes bull.

I'm leading this operation, now.

>*Type type type. Type Type. Type type type.*  
>  
>*Knock knock.*

"Babe?", comes a distant call, falling on deaf ears. Floorboards creak with the shuffling of feet. A doorknob swivels.

"Babe, what the hell are you doing in there?", asks a smooth baritone, if not a mildly irritated one.

"Huh, what?", an oblivious tone, soon overtaken by ease. "Oh dude, you know how I get when I'm writing."

A sigh. A creaking bed, shifting to hold two bodies.

"So, what are they up to this time?", asks the resonant voice. A higher pitch responds.

"I think Jay is finally sick of all the shit," they say. "Little does he know, traveling with Marcus doesn't even compare to what he's got coming."

A distant cackle echoes forebodingly.

&#x200B;