Diary Log 13 - 
It’s me again .. I started writing these notes to keep me .. sane .. All’s it’s done is make me realize no matter how strong one might think they are , it takes a different kind of strength to admit they’re not .. 
I never felt apart of anything growing up , I always felt like I was born into the wrong family , the wrong time .. 
All that was filler , filling the daydreams of each class period as I wander if I should actually show up to the playground to fight Captain Wannabe after 9th bell rings .. 
I had a life I thought I wanted away from more than anything , and not so luckily I got it .. There’s a lot of things we fill our days with , hopes , dreams . Truth is we forget most of each day we live , and what’s left behind are moments .. memories , things that stick out 
What sticks out for me may not be the same for most , but now , living minute to minute on such high alert , there’s no time to remember , no time to make memories .. 
I write these logs as a way to escape this hell I was left to burn in .. my family one way or another is out in the very stars I wish I could wish upon , seeing a shooting star nowadays is a close handed slap to my core .. 
As the days stretch to weeks , I hunger for answers that I won’t get in this lifetime , me and my pooch hunger for things that asking questions won’t satiate .  We were left with nothing but a crumbled up napkin I was told was “ Mother Earth “ yet they treated her like a stepchild with rebellion complex .. 
I should’ve saw what was happening , I was in the eye of the storm for longer than I wish to admit. So long in fact , an onlooker could say this is partially my fault and that’s why I’m here to play captain on this sinking ship I turned a black eye too.. 
the nights are hot , days are cold . I’ve had to turn nocturnal to avoid being cradled by mother earths vengeful elements offspring .. I was hoping for a team of survivors to join with like in the literature I’ve read , but loyalty and companionship is a commodity , and something that seems to be unobtainable in these early times of every man for them self .
My dog used to never listen to my commands , pee on Dad’s sheek rugs in spite when I’d get sent to the dungeon for one of brothers framings. It didn’t take 2 full days and nights of sleeping in the wind for him to dial in to something primal I still can’t seem to access .. 
it’s cold , but it’s time for us to get rest. The sky is too polluted to use it to determine which way is next , so for anyone reading this - I wish you well. I have no pen ink left so this may be the last entry . For all the suffering you’ve been dealt for not being considered the Wealthy Few , you can hold your anger to the hand that writes this. We all have this Land, let’s take it back and make what we can with this beautiful trash can we were left!  Stay warm , keep moving , stick together 
Om, out.
