There are no clouds on the night sky, and it is a full moon today. I have my blinds lowered and curtains closed, but these cannot stop me from shivering like a wet cat. I know I will meet the same fate as the black man I have met in Jefferson street, and I fear someone else will find themselves in the same situation when I do. 

This is for you. 

Do not wear the glasses. 

Throw them into the ocean. 

Why, you might ask. Do it first. Read my story later.

------

After so many rainy days, a clear night sky of that day felt like a blessing. Probably that was why I had wet my lips a tad bit too much than usual. The bar was just some blocks away from my apartment, and I had lived in there for thirty seven years. So without much thinking, I decided to walk my way home.

There was a homeless man crawling and babbling on the slight slope of Jefferson street. At first I couldn't understand what he was saying. After a while, I realized he was speaking English. But most of his words sounded like an animal's shriek, felt like a sharp knife trying to cut the veil of the night. He was cursing, then pleading, only to scream at the top of his lungs. To nobody, to the world maybe, to the sky sometimes, to the empty street where no cars were on.

Then he saw me, and for the first time I could clearly see his face, dripping with a pure madness. A black man, wearing a bunch of rags, mouth agape with only a few teeth, eyes round like two shiny mint quarters, bleeding from one of his nostril, and wearing black-rimmed glasses which looked more expensive than the man himself. I was shocked; his face looked like a tormented prisoner from the vilest place of the hell that I never could have dreamed in my worst nightmare. And that was why I couldn't run, not even move, when he dashed towards me.

He jumped at me; then I realized that it was more like he collapsed toward me. He was shivering, crying, but also laughing. His few teeth reflected the bright moonlight like a dirty, broken mirror.

"You are real. You are real," he cried.

"I, I..."

"Quiet! They are everywhere! Can't you see? They are here! Oh please, oh Jesus, I didn't mean to do it! I didn't want to see these!"

"I'll call nine-one-"

"Too late, oh too late! You must see! See for yourself! And run away!"

He torn apart his glasses from his face, and pushed them toward my chest. Then he screamed one last time, and he fell like a sack of flour.

Somebody shouted out of the window. I could barely hear it.

The black tortoise rim shining under the bright moonlight, like a silver scales of fish, and then a pair of glasses, emitting a captivating glow. 

I don't know why I did it. But I wanted to do it. I put on the glasses.

For a moment, it was just the same city I knew and loves for years. But then, I could see the pillars. Green mosses covering them, heavy, ancient, blunt and prideful, fallen and rotten, transparent stone pillars, glowing, shining, piercing through the buildings brick and concrete, toward the sky I never have seen before. Turbulent, storming, purple and red clouds rooming over the pillared city, of what, of what I could never figure out, but living, pulsing, and maybe breathing thing that was not supposed to be clouds.

And the shadows, shadows around me, on the black asphalt road, darker than black, on the houses, on the cars, on me and on him and on everywhere there were shadows but there were nobody to cast those shadows!

I don't remember what happened next. I remember I ran. Where the moonlight shone, there were pillars and shadows. Men, women, children, dogs, cats, rodents and birds, filling the city as if they did so for eons before, and will do for eons to come. They walked toward me as I ran past, as if they knew I was looking at them, so I could not take off the glasses, if I take off the glasses how am I supposed to avoid them?

I woke up in my house, sunlight shining through a broken window, shattered glasses and pieces of woods everywhere, but shadows and pillars nowhere to be seen. I was still wearing the black rimmed glasses, and I realized they were the only way to avoid them abominations of the night.

I can only sleep sound in the blessing of sunlight, and I have to run through the night, run away from the fate of the black man I saw that night. But I can't even do that when I can see the moon, the cursed full moon on the sky. These nights I hide in my room. But I know there are shadows there with me, so I have to stay up and avoid them in the pitch darkness that is pillars and shadows.

One day the city will come ask me, why haven't you paid your fees, paid your due taxes, and it will take my house from me, and I will be left alone on the street. That will be the end of me. I know it for sure. Because I have seen the moon.

The moon. It was looking at me. And it was smiling!

------

The prompt was very Lovecraft-ish, and I had to write something. I tried to imitate his stories, which is to be honest very similar to each other, which makes it easier to imitate.

English is not my first language, and I am pretty sure there will be a lot of errors in my writing. Let me know and I'll fix them.