This world, where superheroes and supervillains have to work hard to gain their powers, I gained my superpower.

At 12 pm, Saturday night I slammed my last glass of beer down on the counter, my friend James Jonas Jimmothy watched in wonder,  he put my notebook down, ”Steven, I can’t belive it.” He said, looking at my notebook and my phone in disbelief. ”You drunk 10.001,02 litres of Alcohol, fucking amazing.” he said, ”Wait-really?” I asked, grabbing for my phone.

It wasn’t necessary, but I downloaded this app that keeps track of how much alcohol you’ve drunk, a notification with two glasses of beer and the words ”Unbelivable, you’ve broken the world record! Previous record: 9.294,73 litres” showed up, I had beaten the record at least fifteen times in total. I put my phone down, ”You broke the record.” ”I broke the record.” I wanted to celebrate this by jumping off the bar stool, but had to resist. I can’t break my neck now. 

I didn’t feel drunk like usual, I didn’t got a headache, my vision wasn’t distorted. Everything, felt normal. 

”What will your superpower be?” James asked, I shrug my head, not knowing what my power will be. We walked out of the bar, James drove me home where I started to come up with an idea of what my superpower might be. The next day I didn’t get a hangover, it felt good. Good to not get a hangover. 

I passed a playground, instead of seeing kids play around laughing, there was a boy, around seven or eight years old surrounded by younger childeren, he was on top of the slide holding a baby doll, swinging it as he tore it apart with ease. It seemed like the children there were crying in fear, hoping the boy whould leave. 

”Mister, please help us!” A kid cried, I ran towards the boy laying near the slide. ”That bully made it so there are sharp rocks everywhere!” He said, crying. I looked down to notice millions of sharp rocks, I then noticed none of the childeren wore shoes, or any protective clothing to begin with. I picked the boy up, carrying him away from the rocks. 

The bully looked at me ”You are stupid, I have superpowers and you don’t!” the bully laughed, sliding off the slide to stand in front of me. ”Leave those kids alone” I yelled, shielding the boy from the bully. ”Well I have SUPERPOWERS!” the bully said. He reached for a rock, showing me how he turns a rock into a sharp piece of stone, throwing it at me, I managed to avoid the rock.

The bully seemed pissed off, ”Be careful mister!” cried a girl, she was laying on top of the broken rocks, warning me. I looked around for any parents, there wasn’t anyone nearby except for some passerby who was too far to hear any of us. The bully charged at me, he threw two bad punches at me before I shoved him away.

He falls to the ground and starts to cry, ”He-he killed me! I’m a ghost now!” he cried, rolling around on the ground, ”I see those blue things! It’s also too bright!” he cried, I ignored the bully and carried the other children away from the sharp rocks who have started to laugh at the bully, I started cleaning their wounds with clean water, hoping they aren’t in pain.

”I feel dizzy, that guy killed me, I am dying! I am going to die!” the bully continued crying before trying to stand up, he tried to walk but looked like he was drunk. My superpower might be giving others a hangover, I stood up from the grass. ”Mister, you’re really cool, thanks!” A kid said, I nodded and ran away from the scene, hoping the kid won’t sue me for assault.

