The highest number I'd reached before today was 324. I only remembered one of those days of course, the one where the ambulance was called in time. Sometimes I have dreams about what I must have gone through before. Finding her dead already the first time probably, or getting there just in time to hear her apologise. It took me to finally call an ambulance before I even started looking myself to save her. That was 324 times.


I've had a few in the fifties and sixties before, even a couple more hundreds. Messing up relationships, breaking things in the house as a kid. Nowadays I'd gotten used to accepting a less than perfect ending. I was one of those that never finished on less than a three or four. Always trying to optimise everything caused far more stress than it was worth.


So what had happened to get me to 7212? I'd first seen the number when I woke up this morning. After rubbing my eyes I realised it was real and proceeded to throw up. She came rushing to the bathroom to ask what was wrong. My first thought was to tell her but I must have tried that before. I must have tried not telling her. 7212. I must have tried everything.


I didn't tell her today. It must have been something I ate, I said. I took the day off work. I watched the news and kept calling her to make sure nothing was happening. I could have followed her but that was too obvious. So was making her stay home. 7212. Nobody ever got that high. There was just nothing more you could do after a certain point.


Nothing happened. She came home safely. The only bad story on the news was some drunk guy crashing his van into a hatchback the night before. Both kids and one of the parents were in hospital. I looked up who they were but no matter how hard I searched it was nothing to do with me. Nothing worth a reset.


So now I'm lying in bed. She's asleep next to me. The clock shows 23:56. There must be some reason to reset this many times. I keep trying to think back, to work out what disaster I had finally avoided that all the times before I had failed at. There was nothing. Nothing different to yesterday or the day before. Nothing different to all the peaceful zeroes I'd been having recently.


So why I had I reset? I can't believe that this is it. There must be something I missed. 23:59. I have no choice. Tomorrow will have to wait.