First writing prompt! Hope y'all enjoy. Apologies for errors, I'm not great with spotting them.
----
Atlantis disappeared a millennium, five centuries, three decades and two years ago, never to have contact with civilization again. The Atlanteans knew this because their data slates told them so, because all of Atlantean history was recorded on banks of artificial memory, throughout the vast, underwater mountain that was their kingdom. 


The Atlanteans knew of the siege by human barbarians, the diverged homo sapiens that at the time was only a fraction of the infestation it would become. They knew of the decades long transformation, the change of Atlantis from an open city of technological wonders into the sealed fortress city it bore a resemblance to even today, sealed with buffering shields, and vault-like gates of purified stone. They knew Atlantis had escaped the world, vanished away, escaped a world too vicious and greedy for Atlantis to remain part of. 


But they did not remember it, like Queen Eiolan, mother of all Atlantis did. They did not feel the pain. 
Queen Eiolan had believed in the human race for many thousands of years, since she had arrived here alone. She had believed in the race she forged from the genes of other races, had bent and hammered into something that could resemble her own kin, light years away. They would be like so many flowers, she had thought, her own creation that grew and thought, and evolved into another master race. A kindred spirit. 


Eiolan remembered when she realized she had lost control. When outside of her Atlantean walls she began to hear the tales of war. Butchery. 
Disquiet grew. She could grow the humans in her own walls, she could cultivate them. But far from her sight, over a thousand horizons, she was helpless to intervene as humanity corrupted itself. 


Then had come the tragedy. The day Atlantis disappeared. 

----

Queen Eiolan rarely moved. This wasn't unusual to the current generations of Atlanteans. As far as the Atlanteans knew, Queen Eiolan had always sat on that arcane throne of hers. She had always been at one with it, at one with the wires that punctured her skin, and sent her commands silently to every edge of the underwater mountain city. The queen had always ruled this way, in silence. No-one questioned this. Some said that in some of the data that commanded alterations in the city, in commands for extra structural resilience inside the mountain, there was something amiss. A great sadness they sensed, or a void of joy. 


Most Atlanteans had paid little heed to what was considered babbling. There was nothing but instruction in the precise data. Nothing but the constant need for improvement of the defences and systems. Meanwhile, there was growing wariness among the Atlanteans of the seas above and around them. Ominous shapes appeared in the distant water every so often - unnatural shapes, too straight, too unnaturally designed. The humans above had evolved. And they were getting closer.


The Atlanteans each carried a certain sense of quiet dread, stuffed away behind other things that would keep them sane. It was fear of a great evil, beyond the great sea's murky fog, that would one day descend upon Atlantis and consume it. It was those things in the water - those towers that would spear into the water around Atlantis, before erupting into a blinding, terrifying light. Atlanteans had died out there in the water, fishing or harvesting when these vast metal arrows boomed through the water, ripping apart the sea, shredding the sea life, breaking the bodies of the living things.  


It was horror they could not fight, and so horror they stuffed away. But it was not the only thing they were afraid of. They were also afraid of their Queen, for perhaps those babblings about the pain in the data weren't so mad after all. 


Since those towers had begun to drop into the water, as their terrifying blooms that ripped the sea around them had gone on, the Queen had changed. Her eyes, once glassy, far away, would now sear into the eyes of any Atlantean who met them in the shadows of her glass throne room, at the top of Atlantis' highest peak. For all the potency of those things that exploded in the seas around Atlantis, they did not compare to the burning in Queen Eiolan's eyes, as if she were holding in a great cataclysmic furnace, to burn Atlantis and the world beyond. 


One day, as the Atlantean royal guard watched over their Queen. Her fingers twitched. Bent. Scratched the pure stone of her throne, as throughout Atlantis horns began to ring out in alarm, and the mountain city began to gather power. 

----

Queen Eiolan remembered everything. She remembered every blade of grass, every machination she ever made to create the human race that would break her. Before earth she had thousands of years of memory, of travelling the starts, of her old world, before the populace left to seek life across the Universe. 


But the Tragedy was the day she chose to remember, over and over again. The day an army gathered outside the gates of Atlantis. The day she had sent her king, the human who she had fallen in love with, to reason with the enemy. 


The image of her king, Roland, being torn apart with arrows alongside seventy other Atlanteans was burned into her mind, branded there, swollen, agonising. The feeling of it, the destruction it wrought on her mind remained, a millennium, five centuries, three decades and two years later. It was the same day that Queen Eiolan had used all of the cities power to vanish the city away, to somewhere the humans could not reach them. Somewhere the Atlanteans - and she - could not be hurt. 


Yet down there in the depths of the ocean, the Queen's mind was slowly poisoned. Her desire for a kindred spirit withered as the centuries crawled on. Over centuries more she stopped speaking her subjects, every one of which was a reminder of the tragedy. Over time, her hopes and dreams for this world had turned to ash, in the cold dark of the sea. 


And now, explosives came from above the water. From nearby lands. How had they found Atlantis?, the queen asked herself. Had they found Atlantis at all? Where these things just the experiments of yet another empty vessell of humanity, without regard for the life they destroyed in the dark?

 
As the weeks went on, these questions ceased to matter to Queen Eiolan. The poison, more than a millennium old, had overtaken her mind. That was what the subjects saw. That was what horrified her guards, who saw her smile, as the city of Atlantis gathered power for another jump, and the horns grew louder and louder. They saw something corrupted. In the heart of Atlantis, the first and last peaceful city, they saw evil had taken the heart of their Queen. Some felt what she was about to do. Some screamed, for their dread was finally realised, and they could do nothing but watch what would happen next.  

----

Many scanners detected a cataclysmic shift in the oceans off the coast of North Korea - not that anyone would be paying them any heed in the coming moments. Something had cause a vast disturbance in the Sea Of Japan - something that was causing tidal waves. But no-one would care, barely even the victims. All eyes were elsewhere, on what would become known as the remains of North Korea. 

A mile above Pyongyang, Atlantis appeared, with a sonic boom that rippled over the North Korean capital like the vast roar of a thunderous god. Government officials, soldiers, men, woman, children. Two and a half million souls looked up to the mountain in the sky, blotting out the sun, hanging in the air above their city. 

They screamed as the mountain dropped from the sky. 


The Queen Eiolan did nothing as Atlantis fell, and the Atlanteans panicked, sobbed and screamed throughout the tunnels. She did not need to. The mountain city was reinforced, structured to take minimal damage, over years, decades and centuries of fortifying construction. Somewhere, hidden away in the back of her mind, she had known that this would eventually happen. Had wanted it to. Had been waiting for a good reason, just a moment, in which to demonstrate a flicker of what remained of her, after the Tragedy a millennium and a half ago.  

She closed her eyes, shielding her irises from the bright light of the sky she had not seen in so long, as the first and last peaceful city of Atlantis fell from the sky, and every light in Pyongyang went out. 