The world ended five days ago, or at least I think it did. 

I'd been on a 3-night binge playing World of Warcraft and masturbating furiously to Rule 34 Tracer stuff when the internet suddenly went down. I checked my phone to see if the wifi was still available, and then my heart sank when I realized the internet was really down.

"I know!" I screamed at the time, running through my tiny apartment and likely driving my downstairs neighbors crazy. They call me "Hefty Jeffty," I think it has something to do with my weight. Anyways, I returned to my desk with the necessary Mountain Dew and Baked Lays only to realize my internet was down. I checked my phone's wifi again, only to realize I had repeated this process before. Sluggishly pulling myself back up after taking a handful of chips Chris Farley would find offensive, I bumbled my way behind my computer over to the router. Resetting it did nothing, and an initial scan through my computer's folders filled of porn found nothing interesting to watch. 

"Fuck it," I thought to myself. "Maybe it's time you get some sleep Jeff," I said out loud, mostly to force myself to do it, and lumbered off to bed. Then I did something I almost never do, at least not without the aid of a gagglefuck of Vallium, I slept for two days. 

I awoke groggy, but the first thought that came to mind was, "Why is it so damn quiet?" It was apparent by the sun's rays on my Cheeto-stained sheets that it was roughly three in the afternoon and yet I didn't hear any of those obnoxious kids making a sound. Weirder still, my computer didn't sound on, and it tended to make this wheezing fan sound even when it was hibernating. 

It took another 15 minutes of cursing Rah, but I finally managed to pull myself out of bed and make my way to the window. When I opened it, something became immediately apparent, I don't like the sun. So I shut the window and went back to sleep for another two hours. 

As evening rolled in, and my stomach roared on, I became incredibly aware how hungry I was and how empty my kitchen was. Pulling myself back up, I quickly applied a healthy layer of fresh deodorant and a fresh t-shirt, only to cover it with a hoodie I hadn't washed in months and marched over to the door. Fetching $9.78 in change, I made my out and headed to the nearby Wendy's for a delicious Spicy Chicken Sandwich. 

I'd made that walk hundreds of times, mostly stoned, but today was different. Cars were strewn all over the place, but as if people gradually slowed down and just exited their vehicles. Homes were bundled up tight and the windows were drawn, but not a light was on anywhere. Everything was quiet, and nothing seemed right.

That was five days ago, and I still haven't gotten my Spicy Chicken Sandwich. 