Selective breeding, he thought as he spat in disgust. God made the world, and he only gets to decide who exists and who shouldn't. Only God and probably the goddamn law. He kept on looking at the view from the rooftop, as he light a cigarette.

Things changed after the first animal was altered, the first chimera was created. The idea was to create bacon flavoured eggs. Someone went ahead and did it. And then the government banned it. The only acceptable form of human intervention was selective breeding. No genetic manipulation through slicing or radiation.

Over the years a task force was created, as groups of radicals started taking science too far. The government also started their own experimentations, to produce weapons. How ironic, that the very agencies who wanted to stop science, partook in it and then went on try creating mixes. 

Still, nothing took it so far as this shady little joint in Japat. On the outside, it looked like a normal street side sushi shop, but was a front to an underground, illegal, breeding lab and marketplace. Usually you would find some street runners, trying to get the wolf dogs for various rich people from that place. But tonight was different.

There was talks of an unsavoury creature being traded tonight. Something that has caused a lot of bloodshed in the neighborhood. Wherever this creature goes, human blood follows. From the United Republic to the Sandy Stan, all bloodshed. That's why the force wanted to capture it.

Suddenly the entire area is pitch black, as if someone had cut off the power of the entire sector. It is here, he thought, as he loaded his gun and took aim towards the entrance of the shop. This isn't something new, he knew the drill. Kill the mule, the guy downstairs takes the package and we ghost.

What he did not anticipate was so many mosquitoes in the area. He hit his neck again, trying to get rid of those pesky insects, but this time he felt something sticky on his neck, and then in an instant he was falling from the building. The last thing he saw was the red eyes and scales of the dragon he was supposed to capture, flying away leaving another bloodtrail..