The soft glow of the pods was just enough to see the faces of friends and loved ones settle into their 100 year slumber.  

The bots asked us to begin counting down from 145.   What a strange number to start with, but the bots always had little idiosyncrasies that didn’t make much sense to humans.  This was allegedly a population control effort and, while lasting for 100 years, would only feel like minutes.  

As I counted, I realized the others in my narrow field of vision were now dozing.  In fact, they were all asleep. 

What was wrong with me? Was something wrong with my Pod? I couldn’t relax. I couldn’t get settled.  I’ve never been claustrophobic, but something felt wrong.  I was trapped.  

I looked around once more and the pod directly across appeared to be venting something.  It looked like a mist or maybe steam.   Inside the pod, I could see my brother stirring, mist was filling the pod too.  The other pods were perfectly still.  The mist had a hue.  It began as faintly pink, like the beginning of a beautiful sunset,  yet continued to darken to red  and, finally deep purple.  

The lid of the venting pod suddenly sprang open.  Something was definitely wrong.  Chris shot out of the mist like a bottle rocket, but something was...different. It was definitely Chris’ body, but when we made eye contact, I knew it wasn’t him.  His eyes were like steel, and they were focused on me.  He began towards my pod, towards me.  

I began screaming for help.  He was moving faster.  I had never seen him move like that.   It reminded me of parkour videos I had seen.  
There was so much mist now, was the mist in my pod? Were the others  popping open too?  The terror was real. Everything was wrong and I couldn’t free myself.  Screaming was useless and the smell of decay filled my pod.  

Chris tightroped the scaffolding that connected our pods.  We must have been hundreds of stories high.  Just as he reached me something  caught his attention. Something behind me was flashing.   I couldn’t see what, but the reflection off Chris’ eyes  was clear.  

Chris’s attention returned to me, he was directly in front of me now.  He picked up my pod, someone or something else was helping him.   They were carrying  my pod so I was parallel to the ground.  I was screaming his name but the pods were soundproof.  My hands had become free and I was punching the glass, scratching, anything to get out.  Where were we going?   Where they helping me? I felt them steady the pod, then at once rocked me back and forth a couple times.  Then, I felt them release the pod.  The tossed me. I could see chris’ face fade into the darkness.  

I blinked, and suddenly a light appeared in my pod.  I was no longer falling.  Across the glass a display read, “welcome to the future.”




