Eight months, twenty days, fourteen hours. 


The exact amount of time it took for the last flawed human to be born. Me. 


I wasn't selected for. I wasn't grown in a tube in some eugencist's vision of homo superior. I was the product of millennia of slapdash breeding with all the baggage that entails. Today, it's finally caught up. 


Everyone now is trained for space travel. Earth is simply too crowded to support an extremely long lived species as my recombinant peers. Everyone I know has the long and lean look of someone who's spent a lot of time in null grav. Except me. My genes built me stocky and muscular, all the wrong things for extended space flight. Even though I knew from puberty I'd never make it, I still had to go through the training anyway. 


The recombinants call the facility the springboard, because it launches them to the stars. Today is the my last day here, when they can officially fill out the paperwork saying I can never go into space with the rest of them. They'll finally be able to tag me a washout. I'll be the first, and the only if they have anything to say about it. 


"You need to work harder."


"What?"


"I said, you need to work harder. This is a struggle we all go through and you can too."


"Ha! What would you know of struggle, perfect son? You were bred to perfection in the damned vat. These courses, these schools, everything, was made for you to excel at. A key that fits a lock doesn't struggle to do so."


"Hmph. Obstinate as always. Though..."


He paused, a look of uncharacteristic thoughtfulness spread across the kind of chiseled features found on ancient Greek statuary.


"Though what? Spit it out."


"I could mark you as a washout. Or I could fudge the numbers a bit and say you hit the low end of average and get you into the system as an invalid."


"Why would I want that? What's so bad about being a washout?"


The pause was longer this time. 


"Have you never wondered why no washouts are ever seen?"


I was struck dumb, for but a moment. 


"You re joking. You don't."


"Yes. I never approved, but dissent is a risky thing."


Now it was my turn to pause 


"You know what? I'll be a washout. I'd rather meet my ending honestly."


"So be it."


They came less than six hours later, taking me with them. They gave me a few hours to set my affairs in order, which was simple enough. I spent the last of this time leaving this testament, along with a surprise of my own. Resistance was never a thought to them, it seems, so I leave this on a timer to copy itself across the communications of the whole damned protectorate. While it spreads, I'll be leaving. I've heard of abandoned subsurface colonies in the Eurasian zones, beyond even the reach of the protectorate. 


Signing off, #74219 Maxilius. 