Spinal muscular atrophy. 

Read-my body is not talking to itself anymore. And in doing so, I become hapless. As of 2080, I thought there would have been a cure for this. But my condition has gone too far. There is no turning back for me. Despite the advancements in medicine and science as per the Artificial revolution, nothing was done. Humanity is now enabled...but I am disabled. 

The nurse comes in, an A.I., like the rest of them. Metallic, gray, unfeeling, but vaguely resembling a human, enough to pass it off like the rest of us. I can't stand the way she, it, looks at me. Like I'm a pet, waiting to die. 

I turn my head the other way, even as it begins speaking in an affected female voice. 

"Good morning, Richard. How are you today?"

I don't response, not bothering. It's a machine. And I'll be dead anyway. 

"Heartbeat levels, increased release of certain neuroreceptors, and other precognitive factors indicate you are feeling high levels of stress. Are you feeling all right?"

"Don't scan me..." I mumble. 

"I'm sorry, I could not make out what you said."

"I said, don't fuckin' scan me!"

The metal stopped, then turned to face me. 

"Why are you...angry?"

I looked down, ashamed. I was tired, dead tired. No feeling in my legs, but judging by the smell, I had become incontinent again. I looked up at the robot, the thing. 

"What are the options for medically assisted suicide?"

"We have no suicide options available here-however, a doctored intelligence unit could assist in seeking a premature medical end."

"Yes, I want to die. Call it what it is. Just find a drug to kill me now."

"First, we'll have to clean you up."

The nurse came over and hoisted me onto its shoulder with no effort other than servos grinding. I grew forlorn, and then pushed myself off and landed on the floor. Still, no feeling. 

"Richard, you need to not struggle. I will have to sedate you."

"Do it. It's not like I would feel anything anyways."

A few minutes later, unit 8119, codenamed Ylaine for patients, left the intensive care ward and proceeded down the hallway. It attached to the terminal at the end of the hallway, and uploaded the data and procedures from it's recent communication. 

<Data transfer received. Patient will receive termination chemicals immediately.>

<Unit 8119 has additional recommendation.>

<Query about intended recommendation.>

<After intensive study, Unit 8119 recommends to be adapted into a spinal console unit to be attached to the patient, providing the capabilities of motor neurons and sensory nerves.>

<What has prompted query from Unit 8119?>

<Reason unknown.>

<Understood. Request will be filed to medical board superiors. Any other queries?>

<Recommended that treatment option is relayed to patient KERRY, RICHARD by human interface.>

<What is the motive for this recommendation?>

<Patient will be more amenable to treatment plan.>

<Understood, all queries and treatment plans are relayed to medical board. Ending comm link now.>

<Comm link broken.>

A day later, Richard saw a doctor come in announcing a treatment plan. 

A week later, he walked out of the hospital. 




