I lost a bet. Turned out that I couldn't do a trampoline-powered slamdunk. So shoddy-ass Brandon slapped the pink bottle of unicorn and rainbows in my hand, along with my beer. And so, I found myself bleary-eyed and hungover, hunched over my sink at 6 on a Friday morning. 


The bottle was clear. So I could somewhat see the contents. The fluid was made of pink swirls and rainbow sparkles. Not that I'm an expert on hair colors, but I'm pretty sure hair dyes aren't meant to make you feel the need to punch a wall in order to restore my manliness. 


Oh well. It's just a bit of hair colour, what can do wrong. In the worst case scenario, I get to be a sparkly hair twat for a day. Shrugging, I read the instructions.


**Apply evenly from scalp to ends of hair, and wait a minute for each year of your age. While waiting, do a spinning turn and pop your heel like a princess for extra strength.**


Right. So, 19 minutes. I slapped the pink sparkly mess into my hair and began the wait, feeling like a complete twat. I felt ridiculous enough as it was, yet I reckoned what the hell, I may as well just do the spin too. Not that it'd do anything except make me laugh. And it did.


Then the magic happened. The sparkles shot off my hair, ricochetting rapidly between the walls and my skin, forming a sparkly shiny web of pink and rainbows. In the mirror, I watched my transformation in amazement and horror.


My cleft angular jaw turned into a delicate V shape. My slight belly firmed up. My legs lengthened into a dainty doe-like shape. The tattoos on my beefy forearm shifted up to my now slender bicep, turning into a cute pastel unicorn. I was momentarily happy when my junk grew about 2 inches (unextended!), but then something ripped open into existence between my balls and my butthole. Oh. Hell. No.


Just when I thought the nightmare transformation wouldn't end, it finally all faded into a white glow, and flashed back to nothing. Leaving me to take in my new appearance in the stark bathroom light. 


Holy crap. I'm officially a pretty boy(?), complete with pink flowing locks, sparkly rich pink eyes and flawless peachy white skin. What do I do??? 


Before I had the chance to come to terms and think of a solution, I heard my brother's alarm buzz from his room. I threw some clothes on, grabbed a beanie and a slice of bread, and legged it out of the house with my rucksack.


Jogging into the autumn chill, I clung onto the bread with my teeth, while I popped the beanie on. Turning the corner, I collided into a person. As the flurry of apologies and flustering cleared, I registered that I had collided with the barista butch who worked at the cafe 2 blocks from my workshop. 


"Totally didn't see you coming. Sorry about your breakfast." she said, noting the sad slice of bread being torn apart midair by a couple of lucky crows. "Nah, it's ok." I adjusted my bag, glad the my voice still retained its vaguely male timbre. 


We walked on to the tram line stop, exchanging polite self-introductions and small talk. Turns out she is also studying in my college, a sophomore majoring in business. (Did not see that one coming, given her ink.) Rene was also a part-time model; she was an exotic kind of pretty even with her bare face, when you paid attention. 


The ride on the tram was quite uneventful, until it was time for us both to get off. She nearly tripped and fell face first while getting off, but I managed to grab her just in time. She dusted herself off, and essentially insisted that she owed me a bagel. I was way early for my first lecture, but I had no idea where to go or what to do next. So I found my feet just following along.


Ten minutes later, I found myself sat at her cafe with a steaming mug of java. I pulled out the bottle from my rucksack and read the label in detail this time. 


**Warning: May cause Main Character Syndrome. 
Bottled for Mahou Shoujo Corps.** 
 