Eighty-five. There were only eighty-five left. He had appointments with 40 more in the next two days. Beyond that the appointments were spaced out over the next 60 years. For thousands of years Death had done his job shuttling the souls of the dead humans on to the afterlife. He had become quite attached to them and knew that when they were all gone, he would never feel quite as fulfilled as he had since he took on his job. He wasn't sure what would happen, if he would find new purpose with another world or species or if he would just be let go. Either outcome was equally terrifying in his eyes, so he tried to do something he never had before. Delay his appointments long enough that more appointments are scheduled.
	
Kiara didn't know what to do. She had stayed on her family's farm through the worst of the floods and earthquakes. Not for the first time she was glad that her great great grandfather had loved the mountains and was crazy enough to build a farm at an extreme elevation. She hated it growing up, and often mocked her younger brother for wanting to stay on the farm. Now it was just the two of them and she didn't know how long Ian would last. He had gotten a snakebite earlier while checking the fields and was hallucinating in the house. It was a bite that shouldn't be fatal except there wasn't a hospital anywhere around or even a pharmacy. She had been taking a break after graduating medical school when all hell broke loose. Her parents had died in some rioting while trying to get supplies. So here she was sitting on the front porch, as far as she knew the last woman on earth and about to be the last person on earth. 
	
Out in the field she saw a black figure cutting wheat. Great, now she was hallucinating too. Then her hallucination started walking toward her. A large figure in a black cloak which was walking toward the house holding a long black scythe with a mirror finish on the blade. She barely even reacted when it came and sat on the porch next to her. When it said her name and put a bony hand on her shoulder however she fell over with a scream. 
	
"Sorry, I realize I must be a bit unexpected. But I thought you were ok when you didn't say anything."
	
"A-are you death? Did you come for my brother?" she said getting up hesitantly.
	
"Yes and no. You see, I have an appointment with him in about two hours but I didn't have anywhere else to be so I thought I'd come early. Though I'd rather like to delay my appointment with him if possible."
	
"Delay it? How can you do that?"
	
"I have brought a few supplies for you. I think this medicine should help him. You are qualified to administer it to him. I will give it to you if you promise to help me."
	
Kiara was stunned. She didn't know what to say or do and so she sat there and stared at death with her mouth open and a shocked expression on her face.
	
Feeling a bit awkward Death opted to fill the silence, "I've carried this scythe for thousands of years, but today is the first time I've used it for the intended purpose. I've just been so busy. Now, there are so few of you left, I have a lot of downtime. I'd rather keep doing what I've been doing. I like it, I like humanity. I don't want to let it end."
	
Again, Kiara was speechless. She had never imagined a casual conversation with death, even if the conversation was a bit one sided.
	
"I'm here to make sure that humanity continues. My appointment with you, Kiara, is quite a bit more than fifty years away. I have confidence that with your help, we can keep humanity alive. Here, take the medicine for your brother. Also, here is a radio and a list of the names and locations of everyone left. I don't think you'll be able to get everyone, but there are enough to keep going. I don't think I'll be able to come back to you. But I'll leave something with everyone that is left. That should be enough."
	
Kiara took the bag from Death, "I'm not sure I understand everything, but I'll do my best. Thank you."
	
Death looked at her and said, "If you succeed, I shall be the one thanking you. Good luck." Then he turned and started walking away.
	
Kiara looked in the bag and found everything she needed for her brother's care. She would worry about the rest of it after she had seen to him.
	
"Thank you." She said again, though no one could hear her.