I grabbed a blue and green striped flannel out of my closet and threw it over my shoulders. While fitting my right hand through the sleeve, I watched as the fabric glided over the strangest birth mark I’d ever seen, a small, black outline of a rectangle on my right forearm. The rectangle wasn’t the strange part though. Next to the box was...I swear it was two small letters, X and P. As a man well-versed in video games, I knew what it seemed like. Like I had an XP bar on my damn arm. And the weirdest part of it all...ever since the day I was born, the small black box appeared to be about a fourth of the way full with a faint, green discoloration of the skin.

I pulled the sleeve down to my wrist, completely covering the mark. It wasn’t that I was particularly embarrassed about it. I just didn’t like showing it to people that i didn’t know well. All the people closest to me knew about it, and everyone had their own theories about what it could mean. Me, on the other hand, well, I had come to believe that it meant nothing. After all, it never changed...never moved....never did anything.

Tonight, I wanted to cover it up. My friend Kevin had set me up with his wife’s friend from work, Jennifer. Fiery red hair, slim figure, and piercing green eyes was the description they gave. Sounded a little too good to be true if you ask me, but at twenty-eight years old, having not dated anyone in over four years, I was ready to meet someone. I hoped to appear as normal as possible when meeting Jennifer, and having an XP bar on your right arm since birth seemed like a bad start. So covering it up seemed best.

I buttoned up the shirt, grabbed a comb off the counter, and brushed back my dark, brown hair, which was just beginning to grow out a bit too long. I really should have gotten a haircut before tonight. I meant to make my way to the barber sometime this week, but the long hours at work had taken away any opportunity and, on top of that, resulted in black circles under my eyes. I straightened my shirt, grabbed my car keys off the bed, and finally walked out my bedroom door. Damn, I was nervous.

As i made my way through the apartment to the door, i glanced around at the amazing work I had done. In the little free time I had, I managed to clean things up a bit. Got rid of the trash, vacuumed the floors, and even fluffed the pillows on the couch. It had been a while since I had been on a date, but I had seen enough movies to know that, occasionally, one might bring the girl back to one’s apartment. Not gonna lie, the thought of that terrified me, but just in case things got that far, I wanted to make sure that I didn’t look like a slob.

Out the door I went, twirling the keys around my finger. I could feel the sweat gathering on my palms. I locked the door. Took a deep breath. *Breathe in. Breathe out.*

I found my small, green 2005 Honda parked crooked in the back of the lot. The sun was just beginning to go down, and there was a slight drizzle of rain, which made the cool breeze seem even chillier. I swung open the door, which let out a high pitched squeak, hopped in, and punched Jennifer's address in my phone’s GPS.

Livin On A Prayer by Bon Jovi began to play at a low volume. I reached to turn up  the volume in order to drown out my own thoughts. As I turned the dial, my phone began to vibrate from the cupholder in front of me. I looked down to see the caller ID...Jessica. *Shit*. *Okay. It’s fine. It’s fine. She’s probably just calling to confirm the date. Tell me that she’s ready.*

I reach down and answered the phone.

I cleared my throat. “Hey, Jennifer. I’m actually on my way now. Just left my apartment.”

“Ben! Hey, that’s great. I was just callin’ to confirm.” My body relaxed, and I smiled a bit. Her voice was soft and sweet. “I just confirmed with the restaurant that we would make our reservation time, so i thought I oughtta call you and make sure we were still on.”

I laughed. “No, yeah, I, uhh, yeah, we’re great. I’m just twelve minutes away so-” The street light in front of me turned green, reflecting off the beads of water now gathering on the windshield. I pulled into the left lane and passed by a line of three cars waiting to turn right. “I should be pulling up to your place here shortly.”

“Awesome.” I could hear her shuffling with some things in the background. “I’m looking forw-”

It all happened so fast. A loud bang, My body thrown to the right, before being snapped back by the seatbelt. Glass flew into my face. The car slid and spun until finally shifting to a complete stop.

I looked down at the scattered broken glass sitting in my lap. And then I sat still...for what seemed like a good long while, but was probably only a minute or two. I moved my arms and legs around a bit, and nothing seemed to be broken, but the adrenaline rushing through my body most likely prevented me from feeling the pain that would come rushing at any moment.

I undid the seatbelt, and flung the side door open. I stumbled my way over to the other car. It felt like the world was spinning. It was a small, red pickup truck, and the front of the car looked completely crushed.

I grabbed the side door and opened it to reveal a man, probably in his late fifties. A head full of grey hair, and a grey goatee. His facial features were hard to make out with all the blood.

“Sir.” No response. *Shit.* “Sir, can you hear me?” I gently placed my hand on his shoulder and leaned in closer. “ Sir, you’ve been-”

A sudden jolt of pain surged through my right arm. I pulled it back from the man, and the pain went away.

*What the hell.*

My arm throbbed. A burst of electricity shot down to my fingertips. I must’ve broken my arm in the collision.

Then the thought came to me.

I pulled up the sleeve of my shirt. The faint green discoloration now glowed much brighter, and the bar appeared to be filled up more than a fourth of the way. A group of people now gathered near the crash site on the sidewalk and were shouting, but i couldn’t make out the words they were saying. I turned back around towards the red pickup truck, and the man still had not moved an inch. I crept closer and lifted my hand into the air.

“Sir,” I whispered, at a barely audible level.

I placed my hand on his shoulder once more, and a surge of energy flowed through my arm again like electricity. I pulled my arm away and looked down to find that the bar had now filled up to the halfway point.

I spun around to look at the world around me. Every sound was louder. Everyone light was brighter. I collapsed to the ground. I felt amazing. I felt stronger.