"Dear Nina Larousse!

We regret to inform you that your level of FX aptitude is S+, and civilian academies are not allowed to accept S+ students according to the Private FX Training Act of 1959. We strongly advice you to await recruitment by a government institution. The government is aware of your existence, and you will receive a visit from the controlling officer in due time. Please do not try to evade the controlling officer.

With regret,
Cid H. Solomon,
Headmaster of Scintillus Private FX academy".

I received this letter when I tried to apply to Scintillus last year. I never hoped to be accepted, but the reason was a complete surprise to me: my mother has been always telling me that I was an F, that is, a perfectly ordinary teenage girl without a hint of FX aptitude.

 "Mom! - I said and showed her the letter. - Why didn't you tell me?"

 "I wanted you to have at least a normal childhood, Nina - she answered. - You are an S+. They do not have normal lives. The government takes them, brands them, keeps them on leash. You won't be treated as a human being when they take you. You'll be treated as a... thing. A highly explosive thing that is kept in a safe."

"When are they going to come?"

"Next  year, when you turn 16. I was going to tell you the truth at your fifteenth birthday next month, but you managed to learn it all by yourself."

"Is there another way? Can I run to some place where they won't find me?"

"You can, Nina, you can. There is no FX control in the poorer countries, such as Kalidor and the Borean States. But you don't speak the languages, you can't fend for yourself. There's crime there, and bandits on the roads, and germs in the water, and slavers, and drug lords, and..."

I made a decision. I did not want to be a living weapon for the Westernican government, and I was sure about that. Whatever dangers might the wild Borean States throw at me, I had to prepare and face them. I found an old FX textbook, a backpack of food and a primer on the Borean language and hid myself on a cargo plane bound for the Borean capital, Reisnergrad.

* * *
Five years later

Borean Backwater

The old roadside cafe looked shabby, but then again, everything looked shabby on this road this side of the Green Mountains. The battered trucks peppered with bullet holes, the cracked tarmac worn by many frigid winters and hot summers, the rusty road signs. This was a poor region of a poor country, and I was thankful for that. No one hunted rogue FX protocolists here, and that's exactly what I was. The Borean States lost two cold wars to Westernica, and were forbidden to have FX weapons by the 2024 Articles of Disarmament.

The driver of the truck I hitched a ride on said farewell, and I wished him good luck. I was hungry. FX powers consume a lot of energy, and I had to use them yesterday to repel some raiders from that poor man's truck.

I entered the cafe. It was nearly empty. An overweight Borean woman was manning the counter. Funnily, I thought: counters and kitchens in canteens and cafes are the only place where you find Boreans that big: they are usually as skinny as lone wolves in a winter forest.

The big woman grumbled at me and offered the menu.

"Give me everything from here to here!" - I ordered, circling half of the menu with my finger.

* * *

From "Nina Larousse and the Figurine of Huggenheim", a book that will never be written