“Who was that?” Bobby asked. 

“Some guy, don’t recognize his voice.” Luca replied. 

“What did he order?”

“Cheese pizza no crust.”

The day had been slow. There had been a big bust across town, the rival operation had lost most of their guys. This wasn’t exactly the time for anyone to be ordering anything more than an eight ball. 

“He gave you an address and everything?” Bobby asked.

“Yea he placed an order” Luca responded.

“Why the fuck is someone asking for that right now? He either doesn’t know what the fuck is going on or he’s a fuckin cop.”

“He didn’t sound like a cop.”

“Of course he doesn’t sound like a fucking cop! They’re not supposed to sound like cops on the phone. What if we get there and we get busted like that other crew? Fuck that. This doesn’t sound right.”

“Oh you’re gonna tell the boss that we turned down 17 g’s because shit didn’t sound good to you? That’s a top fuckin order. What the fuck are you thinking? We don’t go deliver this shit, the boss finds out we didn’t go through on a deal for a key? We can go and get arrested or we can come back here and get two in the head a piece. What do you want?” Luca said. 

Bobby was quiet. He knew Luca was right, they were in a situation where they didn’t have a choice. The boss would kill both of them if they turned down an order like this. 
“Fuck it. We’ll push it through. But we gotta keep our shit straight, anything don’t look right we split. I’m not going away like those other guys, I’m never going back.” Bobby said. 
“Don’t be so fuckin nervous. The cops wouldn’t hit two crews in one day. That’s way too much shit for them to handle. We’ve never picked up a tail or anything. They have to grab the street guys before they hit guys like us. They counter surveille, tap phones, all that shit. It’s not happening. We keep it tight and everything will be fine. Let’s hit this really quick, get this work done, and we’ll hit the casino after. Some cards, drinks, rape the buffet.” 

“Alright yea sounds good let’s move this shit.”

Luca knew Bobby felt  strange about this. Truthfully, he did too. Who the fuck would put an order in for a key with all these bulls running around busting people? It was strange. It didn’t make sense. He could call up and get the ok from the higher ups, but everyone had been on edge lately. Being in the streets gets to you, every move you make becomes of the utmost importance. Guys like Luca calling for approval, asking for vocal confirmation over the phone, for a routine order that would never be asked about, could be the difference between getting caught or not. If anyone suspected that Luca might have flipped, that would be it. They’d probably get Bobby to do it. 
Luca knew they needed to do this, whatever their feelings. 
“Bring the pump, we’ll keep it in the trunk. Just in case.”

The car pulled up to the curb across the street. The day was nice and sunny. Sunnier than it had been in a few days. The house looked like a nice middle class home. The kind you’d find it any neighborhood in southern California. The grass had been neglected due to the recent drought, but other than that the one story tile roofed house looked like your average family home. 
“That doesn’t look like a delivery house.” Said Bobby.

“Jesus fucking Christ get your fucking nut up. Since when the fuck does every house we deliver to look like a fucking trap house that fucking niggs deal out of? Stop being so fucking paranoid.” Said Luca. 

“Im just saying it don’t look like a delivery house. I know that they put in work to make these things look legit but god damn that looks like a fucking family house.”
It did look like a family home. Right down to the little tykes tricycle Luca could see on the side of the house behind the chain link gate. But what did he know? Some of these Mexicans don’t give a fuck, they get deliveries with kids, family and shit in the house.

“Get the pack out, let’s drop this shit off.” Said Luca. 

They got out, walked to the back of the car, popped the trunk, and grabbed the duffle bag with the kilo. 
As they walked across the street, they could both feel the tension. This house didn’t look like a delivery house. It really didn’t look like a delivery house. This was too perfect. If the cops set this up, they made it too mundane. It wasn’t right. It was too late to turn back now. 

Two hard knocks on the door. 

There was no answer for a moment. Then the door opened. A tall, grey haired white man opened the door.

“Can I help you?” he asked. 

“Yea we’re delivering you pizza. Your order?” Luca said. 

The man looked both of them over, puzzled. 

“You guys are the pizza delivery guys?”

“YES, we are.” Luca responded. 

“Where’s the pizza? Your uniforms? I’m sorry this seems a little strange.”

Luca and Bobby looked at each other. 

“Sir we have your order, if we could just come inside and drop it off and collect our payment we’ll be on our way.” Luca pressingly stated. 

The mans face immediately went from puzzled to defensive. 

“Listen I don’t know who you are but I don’t want this pizza. Please leave thank you.”

As the man went to shut the door Bobby put his foot down to stop it from shutting. 

“Look I don’t know if you’re worried about our stuff or if this is some kind security, but we gotta drop this off. Let’s just do this and be done, no problems. Sound good?”

The man was now fully alarmed. His tone and demeanor had become hostile. 

“Get off of my fucking property! I don’t know who the fuck you guys are but if you don’t leave I’m calling the police! Get out of here!” the man yelled. 

The man pushed the door with great force, slamming it closed. Luca and Bobby could hear him shuffling next to the door, then yell at his family to go into the bedroom. 

“Let’s get the fuck out of here this motherfucker is fucked up!” said bobby.

Luca knew they should leave, but this guy had placed this order. Who knows what the fuck was going on with him? People in this kind of business did all kinds of shit to vet people. Maybe this was his way of making sure they were legit? Either way he didn’t like it, and he wasn’t going to leave without trying to see this through. 

“Calm the fuck down. This guy might be fucking with us.”

“Fuck this Luca let’s GO.”

Luca looked back out onto the street and scanned the neighborhood. There wasn’t anyone out, no one had taken any notice to the confrontation. He felt nervous, but he knew this wasn’t fucked yet. 
“No fucking around” He said to bobby.

Both men reached around to their backs and pulled out pistols. Luca knocked on the window next to the door with the side of the gun. Tapping the glass loudly. 

“Open the fucking door. No more fucking around let’s do this.” 

The door didn’t open. 

“Luca this shit is all wrong we need to leav –“

It’s amazing how fast your body reacts. How it thinks faster than you can. Bobby hadn’t even finished his sentence before he found himself jerking violently to his left. He could barely even process seeing Luca fly back with blood spraying downward through his peripherals. 

The shotgun blast had come from through the window. The motherfucker saw the gun. 

It was so loud, so unexpected. He knew they should have left. 

Bobby ran. He just ran. Luca was fucked. He had to be. The way he just fell. Like a fucking rag doll. Dead meat. He could see the car. Almost there. 

Two more cracks out of the shotgun. 

It's funny how life can fuck you over. This guy just wanted to order a pizza. Bobby just wanted to make some money. 

