It was pain that roused me from what must've been sleep. The sharp sting in my ribs jerked me into wakefulness and made me keenly aware of the foot that was kicking them and the voice that boomed around me.

"What have you done to me?! *Merde*, wake up, you fucking Englishman! Answer your Emperor!"

I spat blood, saw it land on a pristine white floor, a mere glimpse before a black boot obsured everything and my face exploded in pain. I howled, which seemed to cause my aggressor satisfaction.

"Fucking finally!"

The man backed away and gave me reprieve, but my instincts told me it would only last as long as he could hold back his rage in wanting to get answers from me for... for what? I had no idea what he might want from me. I could barely grasp the knowledge that there was another being with me.

I sat upright, softly touching my chest. It hurt, but that was all. I took what time I had to take in my surroundings, but there were none. All I could see was white. Whiteness as far as I could see, with only three splotches of colour to fill it: myself, the man who had been kicking me, and the blood I had spat on the floor. I wore a simple white dress with some pockets sewn on the front, and a red band was tied around my right arm. There were some white symbols on it in several rows, but I did not understand what they meant.

A threatening wheezing caused me to fixate my gaze upon the man, in his black boots, white pants, and white-and-blue coat with golden patches on the shoulders. His short hair was wet with sweat and disheveled. One hand clung to the hilt of a saber that hung by his side, the knuckles white, while the other fumbled with one of his coat's buttons and reached inside to grab something. "*Merde*," he cried again, apparently not finding what he was looking for. Instead, the hand came out and pointed at me, shaking.

"Where have you brought me, huh?! What do you remember?!"

I searched within me for whatever he meant, but found nothing. I felt lucky that I could understand him at all.

"WHAT?!" He demanded, spittle flying from his lips.

"Nothing! I remember nothing!" I hurriedly cried.

"*Ne parlez pas de conneries!*" He bellowed and swung out with his saber. It hit the ground between my legs as I scurried away in fear. I felt something shift in my pockets. "You English have been a thorn in my side for centuries! You mock the Revolution with your *liberté, égalité, fraternité, en réalité*! How did you get me out of *Paris*?! How did you get past the millions of *militaires* and *armaments*?!"

Then my mind surrendered: one memory. All that was left, and now that fear had shaken me to full wakefulness, I could see that it was seared into the back of my mind, as if marking my very being.

"I remember! I remember one thing!" I cried, holding up one hand as if to ward him off, the other slipping into one of my pockets.

"**OH?!**" He spat, but halted, his saber still raised and eyes mad, bloodshot.

I drew a deep breath. I hoped my instincts were right.

"Bonaparte."

A loud noise went off and a new hole was blown cleanly through my dress, while a dirty red stained the new hole on the man's forehead. He crumpled to the floor, and I was left alone in the white void. Left with nothing but a single--now useless memory, the hope I had done right by my past self, and the knowledge that my instincts had been right.