"Hrrrnnhhhgg...." I grumbled. Another one of these. I had the feeling I would never get used to them. Satan's lieutenants don't allow me a fricken day off from stabbing damned souls with my trident, do they? 'Promoted' me to also respond to those worthless beings from the Worlds Above. Humans, Ecrogas, Antaroans... ugh.

"What, do you want..." I looked at the creature before me. "Human..."

It seemed small. Not fully grown. A child. Six Earth cycles old, I discovered after touching the child's mind briefly. Seven is the earliest that humans can touch their Mana and summon us Fel Beings if they wished. This one is extraordinary to be able to do it earlier than most. Gifted. Or cursed.

"Help me" the child whispered to me, with tears in her eyes. And that's when I heard it. An older human, stomping downstairs. Irregular footsteps. Intoxicated, perhaps.

A cursed child it is then. I poked into her mind. It hurt her a bit, but she took it bravely. I saw the things that this older human did to her. Things that I do to the damned souls in Hell. And I would not even consider doing them to a child as young as this one.

I growled, and materialized fully, breaking my tether to Hell for now. Humans are one of the few creatures whose morals can drop lower than that of Fel Ones like myself. They had to be punished.

The older man opened the door, yelling slurs and unbuttoning his pants. But then he saw me, standing behind his offspring. He paused, incapable of comprehending the otherworldlyness I embody. Fel Ones like me live outside of time, we don't have an exact shape. Looking at us would make you crazy already.

I grinned. I would take this one with me back to Hell for sure. 

I reached out, and Possessed him. He was powerless. I had to break his soul from this vessel. And I would do that most slowly, while channelling all the pain to the soul.

I went upstairs, and grabbed a knife. They had a fireplace. Good. I fired it up. The irons were hot.

I cut, and cut. Starting in this abdomen. Intestines were pulled out, slowly. I cut it open and put plenty of the fecal matter in this vessel's mouth. I didn't taste it. He did though. If he had control he would puke. But he had no control.

I continued. Taking out organs one by one, while scorching vital veins with the hot irons to prevent bleeding out, and also to prolong the pain. I felt nothing, but I could hear the soul screaming in pain. Oh... how he deserved it. I poked into his mind. Not as gently as I did with the little girl. No. I went deeper. Found all the fucked up shit that happened, and played it back to him over and over again. All the time.

Eventually, no more organs could be removed. So I went for everything else. Eyes. Ears. Fingernails. It's amazing how many ways there are to cause pain. And we Fel Ones reserve them for some of the worst humans around.

\------------------------------------

&#x200B;

Oakland Police report:

Date: 10-8-2018  
Time: 00:18  
Location: \*redacted\*

Suspicious sounds of a screaming girl caused neighbours to call the police.   
Police knocked on the door, and a 6-year old girl, Casey Shaw, opened the door. 

Inside, we found a mutilated corpse. Organs, as well as nerves, were spread around on the floor around the corpse. It was a monstrous sight to behold, but the force and precision required immediately excluded the 6 year old as a suspect. She is being moved to an orphanage at the time of writing.

All evidence suggests a psychotic episode, followed by suicide of Jackson Shaw, although shock should have set in way earlier, preventing it from getting as far as it did. No evidence of painkillers either. It will remain ruled as a suicide as there was no evidence of , although it may be opened later for another investigation should similar cases occur.

Faded chalk symbols and remains of candles were found on the basement floor, but other than that no 

A separate subdivision of FBI has contacted us, going by the name of \*redacted\*  
All data is classified about this group.  
All records will be handed over to them ASAP by order of Chief \*redacted\*