"Europa's rising early tonight." Carl whispered, hunkering down into our camouflaged bunker as deep as he could go. His breath came out in clouds of white beneath his blankets. 

"Ice wolves?" I asked. 

"Ice wolves." Carl smirked, looking less concerned about the werewolves than the cold himself. The geosynchronous city of Elis might have a surplus of energy by harnessing Jupiter's gravity, but the nine-hour Jovian nights still frosted the crystal dome above the city within minutes. Not to mention that most of the power generators were in *their* side of the city, and, well...wolves were never good at working complicated controls, even if they were more than happy to when they were human. 

"To think all of this started with a single bite..." I mused. 

"Yep." Carl sighed. "Like I always said...should have screened the colonists better." 

"For what?" I laughed, keeping my voice low. "Too much hair? Werewolves were a *myth* before we got here. I just wish that they had stayed that way." 

"Hold that thought." Carl pointed down to the streets below. "look, first sighting." Quickly, I lifted the telescope to get a better view. Through the lens, the white, hulking form of the humanoid wolf was clearly visible. Instead of fur, it looked as if it was covered in needles of frost. Every strand glowed purest white, giving the wolf the impression that it was under an intense spotlight. 

"Well at least they're easy to spot." Carl chuckled. The wolf howled, sending a shiver down my spine that had nothing to do with the cold. Suddenly, the wolf looked away towards the horizon. It snapped its jaws once, as if it was angry, and then it began to grow. 

"Ohhhh would you look at that!" Carl brought up his own spyglass. "Secondary transformation! And...yep, there's Io!" 

"Shouldn't we be concerned?" I said, watching the wolf nearly double in size. The white glow faded to a dusty orange, giving it the impression that it was covered in frosty sand. "I mean, doesn't this mean that all of them are going to be twice as powerful?"


"Nah, no reason to worry." Carl huddled back under his blankets. "No matter *how* big they get, the doors around the human side of the city won't budge. To be honest, I don't even know why they stationed us here, except to scare them off with these if they get too close." He patted the tranq rifle leaning against the side of our bunker.

"Uhhh, you sure about that? I think it's growing again." 

"What?" Carl sat up in shock. "Is there a third moon rising?" He flipped out his telescope as quickly as he could, catching the now house-sized wolf as it ran behind a building towards another part of the city, it's fur now glowing a dull black. "Shit, and there's Ganymede!" 

"Check the forecast." I shot him a look. "Check it right. Now." 

Carl nodded and flipped out his phone without complaint. In an instant, a holographic display of the base appeared over the screen. Carl swore. 

"Io, Europa, Ganymede, Callisto, Themisto...shit." He dropped his phone back into his pocket. The wolf howled, and I felt my molars rattle in their sockets as it was answered by a dozen more cries.


"What? How many moons are rising?" I asked. Carl just laughed. 


"All. All of them." He shook his head with grim mirth. "Been nice knowing ya, kid. Tonight's the night that Elis falls." 