Oh no.

I begin to panic. Nothing but my hands can move as I try and fight the slow release of sedatives. Sweat starts to pool on my forehea...oh. Oh the sleep switch. 

“How do I always forget the sleep switch!” I exhale quietly, my voice echoing inside the steel pod.

“What’s that?” calls out Henry Borkman from two pods over.

“Nothing.”

“Sleep switch panic?” He asks, knowing damn well it was the sleep switch.

“Yeah...” I reply, faking a chuckle. “You got me”

“I figured! When I heard you make a sound, I thought, there he is forgetting the sleep switch. It’s right there in reach of your fingers and he still forgot. I knew it! I have a sense for these things...”

“Well at least I’m not a fat piece of garbage with a dead wife” I blurt out in a burst of unexpected anger. An awkward cough rings out from the pod three rows down. I immediately regret my words as I feel my cheeks burn. That was probably too loud. Why do I always go there with Henry?

Silence. I can only hear my breathing echoing in the metal pod. 

“Well, sleep well! See you tomorrow” I say, faking another chuckle and making a joke I’ve heard Henry make every 90 years for the past 400 or so.

“Okay then” Henry answer softly, sounding dejected.

“Okay then”. I flip the switch and close my eyes. After a few moments I realize I’m still conscious. I can feel genuine panic now. This has happened before to our shipmates. A faulty sleep switch is the number one cause of death in our colony. Troy, Martha, Kenneth...they all succumbed to...oh. 

“The backup lever!” I breath to myself. My hot breath a reminder that I should have brushed my teeth. 

“Backup lever?” I hear Henry ask. He’s smiling again. I can’t see him but I know he’s smiling.

“No”. 

“Okay. Well, see you tomorrow!” Henry calls out. He’s fully recovered now and I want to bring up his stupid wife again but restrain myself. 

“If it is the lever, you should know...”

“It’s not the lever Henry. I was saying a prayer for the crew”.

“Oh. Okay see you tomorrow!”

I pull the lever. A small red light goes on near my feet.

“Oh...oh no.” Silence envelopes the room, save for my breathing and the steady hum of the spacecraft. 

Well this is it.

“Are you sure everything’s okay?” A voice calls out.

Henry! 

“There’s...there’s a red light”. I mutter, focused and fiddling with the controls.

“Can anyone else help out here?” He calls out in a friendly tone.

Silence.

“”Well, say hi to Martha for me!” he interrupts the silence. I can hear him smiling again.  I hear the whoosh of the sleep lever activating in his pod.

Oh no.



