It had happened before, the "end of the world". twice in fact. The first time God killed everyone off but one guy and his wife. Even Death can't remember why, it was such a long time ago. Well old Grim wasn't going to let God take away his only purpose in "life" (death?) that easily; he gave them all extemely extended life spans so they could breed like rabbits so that he wouldn't be out of work. The second time God flew into a psychotic rage he flooded the world. But before God was able to enact his destruction Death got word of it from one of his cherub friends, and he thought up a plan. 
He could do the same thing he did last time, except he would have to keep them form drowning as well this time. So he went in ti the room of a guy that was a shipwright at night. He made sure to hide in the shadows and simply projected his voice. He told the man about the flood and to invite everyone he could onto the ship. Well the shipwright told everyone else about the flood, but they just mocked him, but he got to work regardless. He also knew that he needed food, and he knew he would grow bored of just eating one type of animal forever, so he rounded up as many breeding pairs as he could, so that he could have infinite animals to eat. Then the day of the flood came. The clouds covered the sun and made the day almost as dark as the night. It started slowly with a drizzle, then it grew heavier and heavier, slowly the water had nowhere to go and was up to the people's ankles. The man quickly grabbed his family and got onto the boat. All of the world people were banging on the sides of the ship for the man to let them in, but he was a "petty and self righteous  cunt", as Death later described him, and he didn't let anyone else on, because they made fun of him and didn't believe him. 
Skip a few thousand years and a lot of unimportant bullshit and that brings us to today. It began with a cursed sarcophagus thing found in the Amazon jungle. Death thought he saw the end of that thing when he killed all of the people that had created it with the help of a lesser spirit through blood sacrifice that was not under God's banner (who was "kind of an asshole"). 
But of course some greedy idiot treasure hunter had to go and find the writings of a 17th century Spanish explorer that had stumbled upon the ruins of the city. Well of course Death had him contract a disease to make sure he kept the secrets of the place, but of course before he died he wrote down everything he knew and the villagers that found him passed out, nearly dead took the journal and kept it, with it eventually ending up in an American university. 
The treasure hunter found out about it and decided to steal it. A bunch of fun parts that don't translate well to text with suspense and stealth later he began leafing through it. He followe the notes to the city, killed a bunch of mercenaries employed by a rival treasure hunter, and then before Death had a chance to kill him he brought back the cursed sarcophagus thing to a major metropolitan area, using a helicopter to get it out of the jungle, and then a boat. He landed in one of the biggest cities in the world on the East coast of America. But when the boat landed it wasn't "people" exactly that disembarked. Have you seen that scene in Jurassic park 3 where there are dead bodies everywhere and then a T rex some how pops up out of the cargo hold, even though it doesn't make any sense because how did it get those doors closed? It was the only dinosaur on the boat, so it must have been the one to kill all the people, but there's a bitten off hand holding the door control, so what happened there? did the guy try to keep the door closed but the T Rex popped out anyway and bit his body off, then proceeded to use its tail to close the doors to spook the people that were going to get on the boat next? That's a pretty smart T Rex, why didn't it just jump off the boat in the shallows so that it wouldn't drown and then sneak off somewhere to a jungle and enjoy its life by the side of a lake, getting monkeys or possibly superstitious locals that think you're a God to bring you food and make you a comfy bed? 
Well it was like that. There were only 10 or so of the things to start with but as they bit people they became like them, but not all of them, seemingly only the "assholes" got turned into the things, whereas everyone else just died. And of course it was a when Death was just about to get some sleep. Of fucking course. wow. Could you  Pick a worse  time to have an apocalypse you fucking pricks. Sleep deprivation torture has got to be against the Geneva convention or something. But the sirens wouldn't stop, so Death awoke. He flew his sick flying roofless hearse pimped out with rad chrome skulls and genuine Guy Fieri© Flames above the city, he watched the bullshit ensue. so many dead people popping up on his Souldar, but there was also a glitch, it seemed like for a split second some of them were appearing, but the next second they were gone. That was knew, Death thought as lowered his altitude to get a closer look. What he shit, he said as he watched the "people" massacre each other. How had he not known about this? Was this God doing this? Why didn't any of his friends in Heaven tell him about this? although it's understandable why they didn't since the last guy that did got sent to hell to run the place along with all of his friends that tried to defend him. Death briefly wondered how Lucy was doing, and also momentarily though about how hot she was for someone with the body of a 14 year old. Wow what a fucking pedo. Death knee he had to do something or the meaning of his existence would be over, and he'd be fired, and the only thing he could do with his job skills would be working an office job for one of the lesser, or possibly greater of he called in favours, spirits, in some cubicle doing data entry or selling some bullshit to other spiritual entities. 
Instantly his mind wandered back to his first two times saving humanity. He would have to act fast now, andhe raise that the real world New Donk City was done for, he should just cut his losses. So if this virus only turns assholes into murderous cannibals, I need to find people that are generally isolated from assholes, he thought. An idea came to him from his years of memeing, he knew just where to find the kind of people he was looking for. He flew his sweet convertible hearse to the North, stopping at all of the people with any kind of powers house, pulling the spooky ghost /God trick. Soon enough they had built what he had asked them to. The structure was 50 feet high and 30 feet thick, and ran all along the border. There were some casualties among the people he had chosen, but they didn't turn into the monsters, and the creatures were quickly put down by others with hunting rifles and shotguns. 
Once the people Death had chosen were safe and had dried their tears with tree sap, fermented oats and barley, and rock and roll Death turned his attention back to the more southern country. almost everyone was either dead or turned into those things. He went around knocking them out and bringing them to the better country, leaving them on people's doorsteps like babbinos. He also realized that he totally forgot about the countries to the south of the first to be infected. He flew to the border but was greeted by a giant wall separating the 2 nations. He shrugged his shoulders and decided to remind himself to send a message back in time to that country to build that wall. 
