The answer was a decisive "YES". I did feel it although I couldn't pin the sensation. It was a mixture of euphoria, excitement, fear and anxiety all mixed into one overwhelming rush of emotions. I couldn't tell how long it lasted either but if pressed I'd venture to guess around one minute. But it could be longer or shorter. It was like a potent capsule of drugs erupted inside my body and was streaming through my entire existence. But I hadn't taken drugs - none at all. The wave of frisson hit me just when I was about to go to work and start my day. 

I looked up online and discovered that I was not alone. Thousands of online strangers had felt the same, but reading through the threads I realized that many didn't and some who did not want to feel left out pretended that they did. But they didn't feel IT. 

I sped up to work, curious to know whether some of my office coworkers had felt the same. I glanced quickly through the rows of cubicles but nothing seemed out of the ordinary - people were staring at their computer screens, typing, engaging in small talk. Nothing unusual. I caught my best friend Jim at the break room. Jim would be the first to talk about it had he experienced what I have. He always wore his heart on his sleeve. But aside from sports talk and some office gossip, there was nothing there. I realized that not everyone felt IT. 

The day lasted longer than usual, or so it seemed: meetings, presentations, excel spreadsheets and the usual office memos. The hours crept by. I came home to my empty apartment where my dog was eagerly welcoming me - she obviously hadn't felt it either, or did she? How could I tell?

Five years after I felt IT, I still can't tell what it was exactly. But I knew one thing: it was a reminder of a life wasted, of how we used to feel as kids: elated, angry, excited, nervous all in the span of one day. When one year seemed to stretch to infinity and each day was a new discovery, another adventure. When we laughed and cried and were immersed in the moment. We never had to worry about bills, bosses, office assignments, watching the clock tick by, daily chores. We lived in the moment. Now it has become impossible. The daily grind got the best of us and the days and years passed by aimlessly. We didn't feel anything anymore and we lost the passion for life. Yes, that feeling was gone. At my door step I noticed a spider dangling from its web. I saw a beetle crawling. I stooped to smell the budding azalea. I petted my dog.