The Devil blinked, surprised. Which was no easy feat, all things considered. After all, he *was* Satan, Prince of Darkness, Ruler of Demons, Evil One. He'd seen it all. Literally. He could still recall the clusterfuck of 1945, when Adolf had finally  hopped off the mortal coil and passed through to the Underworld. An absolute shitshow. Everyone had wanted a piece of good old Hitler, all Nine Circles clamouring over where he should stay for the rest of Eternity. Hell had threatened to break through into the Realm of Man that day. Administrating that fiasco was indubitably the greatest headache The Devil had ever experienced. 

Lincoln Todd was no Hitler. And yet The Devil felt a familiar gnawing pain curl around his crimson head as he stared at Hell’s latest entrant. He leaned forward in his skull-adorned seat, elbows resting on a skull-adorned desk, tugging at his flaming goatee. 

“Let me get this straight,” he said, staring into the mortal's eyes with the fiery intensity of a thousand burning suns. “You *want* to oversee the torture of all Mankind, for the rest of Eternity?" 

"Yeah"

Miffed, The Devil fell back into his chair. He was unremarkable in all regards, this Lincoln Todd. Short, slightly overweight, bespectacled with brown unkempt hair. He still wore the clothes of his Passing; a rumpled navy Walmart shirt and tan cargo pants. His lower jaw jutted out slightly in a clear underbite, giving him a permanent grimace. 

The Devil glanced down at the file he held in his taloned hand, scanning the document for the appropriate details. Hmm. Crushed underfoot in a Black Friday stampede. How humiliating. How pathetic. Even Hitler had swayed at the idea of tormenting the entirety of Mankind, overseeing the fiery jurisdiction of all sinners and evildoers. The concept itself was simply too visceral, too *terrible*, for even the coldest of serial killers. Hence why such a proposition was offered to all entrants of Hell; it struck within them the terrible realisation that in the end, there was always someone *far* more evil. That they were *His* now. 

Clearly not the case for Mr Pancake over here. 

"So... when do I start?"