Haven't written in a while, but I miss it. So i figured I would finally try my hand at my first writing prompt. Please let me know what you think, and suggestions on how to improve. 

We weren’t give much information on who we were after. Intel was pretty light, as our target had opted to stay off the grid for the better part of a year now. There were two small buildings that needed to be cleared before we could enter the main part of the plant, which is most likely where our target would be. As I glanced over the briefing one last time before we made our way in, I reminded myself of what we were getting ourselves into.  

Intelligent, mentally unstable, and a threat to society.

Just another day in the office.  

I grabbed my M4 from the back of the van, and ran my hand over the pistol that adhered itself to my side. Hopefully I wouldn’t have to use either of these. 
But I was ready. Just in case. 

The door opened without a sound. I made my way in followed closely by the rest of my team. We were swift, and silent. Mere whispers alongside the loud hum emulating from the control room. The rooms were pitch black. Lit only by the flashlights from our scopes. 
“Room 1 clear.”
“Room 2 clear.”
We quickly made our way to the second building. The door was open, and this time the interior was dimly lit by a single lamp in the middle. Drawings and maps littered the walls. Paintings of the North Star and what looked like every planet in our solar system littered the room. 

Definitely not what I was expecting. 
I cautiously entered the room. 
As we progressed through the desks and warn down office cubicles, the drawings began to multiply. There were hundreds of them, maybe even thousands. We didn’t really have time to count them. I continued making my way through the mess when something stopped me. 
A simple painting seemingly like the rest. 
But this one was different. 
It was.
Me? 
“Boss, take a look at this.” I walked over to the area of interest and noticed that there were paintings of all 4 of us scattered among the ground. There were even paintings of us entering the very complex we now stood in. 
What is this?
“Let’s keep moving.” I said, unsure of the words as they came out. 
We made our way outside and moved cautiously. An elderly man was sitting down about half way down the grid. 
Interesting. 
He made no signal of noticing us, so we continued to move closer to him. When we were a mere 10 paces away, his eyes opened. 
“Welcome my friends, we can begin.”
He pressed a button on what looked like a remote, dropped it and rose to his knees with his hands behind his back. The humming of the grid was replaced by complete silence. 
No one moved.
For what now littered the night sky we hadn't seen in years. 
Stars. 
