I had no idea. I mean, I knew I lived in the same town as him. I knew she had the last name as him. But to think she was actually related to Gordon Ramsey! I know many people who would lie about something like that, as of it meant you would love then more. I knew she wasn't lying, all it took was a Google search. This is what I get for never watching TV, I guess.

I'm doomed.

3 frozen steaks, a couple bags of frozen mixed veggies, and one panicking cook. Check, check, and check, I guess. Maybe I could order pizza? Why the hell didn't I go shopping? Oh yeah, because I had food, and my friend helped himself while I wasn't looking. Where was I? Oh, right. Doomed.

*Ding*

Fuck. They're here. Welp. Stick a smile ony face, try not to visibly shake in my boots. It's the same as any time I step on stage. But this time, it's an audience of one.

Opening the door, my first thought was to get a hug from Megan. Hugs fix everything. But I couldn't do that, not yet.

"M-M-Mr. Ramsey. Welcome." Barely managing to get that out, I stepped back to let them in. Neither Gordon not Megan said anything. I shut the door behind them and brought them to the living room. "I'm sorry, but dinner isn't ready yet." I gestured to the rack holding remotes, controllers, movies, and games. Thank God talking is easier when I can't see them looking at me. "Feel free to find something to do. Don't hesitate to ask questions!"

I all but ran back to the kitchen before either could respond. Leaning on my fridge with my forehead on the cool metal, it wasn't long before I heard soft footsteps behind me, then felt arms circle my waist. I calmed down a bit and smiled. Megan could read me like a book, she knew what I needed.

"What's wrong?" I could hear it, she knew I was way more stressed than usual. I reached over and opened the freezer, letting it speak for itself. "Let me go talk to Dad." Feeling her move away, a chill ran through my body. Good news is I'm no longer doomed. Bad news is I'm probably going to die, probably from embarrassment.

Gordon walked in. "What do you know about cooking?" Feeling the blood drain from my face, I rattled off what I knew about food safety. My cooking skills may be simple, but I knew how to not kill someone with food poisoning. Gordon nodded. "Better than many of my students, at least, but I asked you about cooking." Any color that returned to my face vanished.

"Uh, I know how to use kitchen tools but outside of simple instructions, I don't know how to cook."

The frown on Gordon's face turned into a smile I really didn't like the look of. "Perfect. Let's get started."

That night was a little slice of Hell in my kitchen. But at least the food was good.