The sounds of the control room, the whirling of computers and small beeps met my ears before I even got there. I passed no one on my trip from the bedrooms up to the front end of the sub, skipping the mess hall as usual. I never ate breakfast, at least not the sloppy porridge they fed us on here. The corridors were dark and gloomy. We very rarely ever turned on anything but the emergency lights down there anymore. Actually anywhere. I brushed my hand along the walls, feeling the bumps, the jagged metal paint that was peeling away from the walls. No one could stand watching the walls slowly decay around us, the only thing keeping us safe from the wall of water that was entombing us. 

A small light guided me into the cramped control room. Inside was just as empty as the rest of the sub, sitting by a lowly old screen was Dan, tapping away in his usual seat, trying to send a message out into the world using morse code. Trying to get any kind of response. It was futile. It had been for however long we’d been down here. I’d stopped looking, I don’t know how long ago at the calendar. Most of us apart from one or two had. We’d been using the same one for so long now that it was just a mess of lines. The front was the only real legible part, but even that was a mess of lines, tallying the years. 

I glanced at the tattered pages hanging from the wall. It was sometime in August. I bet the world was so beautiful right now, flowers in bloom, the sun warming a persons skin, the world wouldn’t be this perpetual darkness. I heard the engines rumble to life as they did every morning, 8am every single day. We were on the move again, but who knew to where. Our radar had gone out years ago, after something had happened, I just didn’t remember what. 

“Anything?”

“Nothing yet sir,” muttered Dan as he continued to send out the message into the world. 

I continued to do my job, checking the systems, trying to somehow figure out a way to get our radar working. We had no idea if it was safe to surface, but we weren’t too deep now. We could easily surface and pop our heads up, but there was a war and we couldn’t risk it. 

I heard it first. It was a response. I don’t think Dan quite believed his ears as he sent out the SOS message again and waited. The same response back. The captain jumped out of his seat and we both crowded Dan, as he quickly translated what he was hearing onto a notepad. It was a US vessel and they had heard us, they were coming to get us. We cheered loudly. The captain slapping us on the back. I felt so relieved, I stepped back and sank down onto the floor next to my console and cried with relief. We had been found, we were finally going home. I could see my wife’s face clearly in my mind, her beautiful smile with that red lipstick that was the envy of all my friends. And my boy. My precious little man, well not so little anymore. I had been down here for a few years, would he even remember me? Maybe not, but I was coming home, he would know me.

~*~

I woke up slowly, I must have drifted off for a little while. There were voices, new voices inside the sub. It was pitch black in the room, so dark that I didn’t dare to move an inch. 

“Dan?”

“I hear them,”

“We’re in here!” he yelled. 

“In here!” I yelled as well. Our voices echoed through the sub and the voices stopped talking for a few moments, they had to have heard us. 

I listened and waited, holding my breath. Footsteps were finally getting closer to us. 

“I’m sure I could hear them yelling for us,”

“It must have been your imagination,”

“No, someone is alive, who else could have sent the SOS to our ship?”

We are alive, we’re in here! In here!

Torches entered the cabin. Two dark men walked in. Their torchlight flitted around the room. I saw a figure slumped over their console. The lights rested on him for a few moments. Dan? Then there was a light shining in my eyes. I tried to cover them but my arms just weren’t working. 

“Looks like they died where they worked.”

“They can’t have been dead that long, there’s footprints all over this place.”

Dead? My stomach sunk so rapidly I thought it was going to fall out of my body.

“It can’t have been them. They’ve been missing for nearly 60 years.”

No no no no no no no… It can’t have been that long, we still have food, lots of food. I can’t, I can’t be. I tried to move, to tell the men I was right here, I wasn’t dead, but my body just didn’t want to co operate.

“60 years, they would have rotted away by now, like the others.”

“They must have survived the longest,”

“How long? Their food can’t have lasted long enough so that their corpses look so fresh.”

One of the men walked into the room, his torchlight focused on the calendar. He carefully pulled it from the wall and swore softly. He flipped it to the front cover and starred at it before he handed it over to his friend. 

“5,10,15, 20…”

“It goes all the way up to 58, August 27th is marked off, that’s today.”

The man holding the calendar started to visibly shake. The light in the room flitted all over as the calendar fell from his hands. He turned and ran without another word. The first man walked over and grabbed the calendar off the floor. He brushed it off and pinned it back up onto the wall. 

“You guys did it,” he spoke softly, “you got your crew home.”

He left the room slowly, careful not to trip over anything. I guess he was stepping over my legs. I listened to his footsteps as they faded away like ghostly echoes. 

~*~

I woke with a start. I had no idea how much time had passed. Minutes? Hours? Days? I opened my eyes slowly, the room was bright, brighter then I’d seen it in years. 

Nooooo, I howled silently in anguish. The room looked like it was rotting away. The walls that had been painted an ugly grey/green was now brown and red with rust. The bits of paint that were still on the walls were peeled like a banana skin and just hanging. My eyes flitted around, unable to turn my head my eyes focused on the spot just to the left of me. Over in his usual spot, there was Dan, slumped over in his chair, hand on the morse code machine. Dead. His body was mummified, his eyes open like mine, looking at me. He was still there, watching, just like me as people surrounded him. 

“I can’t wait to be done here, this place gives me the creeps,”

“You really believe what those privates told you about how they found this thing?” laughed someone on the other side of the door, out of my eye line. 

“You have to admit, it was weird,”

“Just some old computer shorting out with some excess energy probably.”

The man in the room paused, “still weird how it happened now, right when we were over them, right when we had the right equipment to bring them home.”

I thought I saw Dan’s face smile a little as they pulled him carefully out of the chair and onto a stretcher. He was then gone. It was just me and the captain left. 

“We made it private,” I head him whisper, “I knew we’d make it home.”

“Not like this,” I felt tears well up, but nothing happened, “my wife, my boy. I’ll never see them again.”

“I know, but we made it home. We got us all home.”

“Did you know?”

“Yes, I watched most of you pass, some of us just faded away, but you, Dan, Richie and so many others just kept going. Your bodies died, but you didn’t stop. The living crew feared you, locked you away, but when it was just me, the only one alive, I let you out before I passed as well. Happened right in this chair.” He laughed a little, “Very slowly we started fading away, giving up hope until it was just a few of us left. Just the three of us. Somehow you two never seemed to notice the sub was empty. You never saw the bodies because you feared the lights and kept them off.”

“Why did I keep going?”

“To make it home, you never gave up hope of seeing your family again I guess. Dan, he was a stubborn son of a bitch and I knew he would never give up.”

“And you?”

“I had to get my boys home. All of us home.”

Footsteps beyond the door echoed into the room and we fell silent. 

“I’m sure I heard voices.”

“You idiot that was us,”

“No it wasn’t,”

They were in the room again. They loaded up the captain. I watched them carry him out as well. Now it was just me, left alone in the old sub. I knew we were the last to leave. I waited, silently, taking in the room, remembering what it used to be like. When the men came back, they loaded my old and dead corpse onto a stretcher and carried me outside. I felt the sun on my skin for the first time in so many years. It warmed my body just like I remembered it. I sat up and enjoyed my ride onto land and jumped off. I was on land, back in America, finally. We made it. 

“Mark, get your ass over here!” 

I turned around and a grin split across my face, it was Dan. He was waving at me to join the rest of the crew. I sprinted over and was greeted by a massive bear hug. I felt tears streaming down my face as I felt the world fade away from around us. I was home, I was warm and safe. I was home. 