You know, I had a good life in Parallel Universe Online. I was able to make a good life for myself through hard work and lots of grinding, and then I started my own guild, which grew to prominence due to our serious raids. We grew to such prominence that we were able to influence the game itself, getting the developers to make changes that we were suggesting. At one point, we even started commercializing our operations. Everyone in the guild would grind for rare loot and sell it to other players for high prices paid in real-world currency. I, as the leader, got a small cut of millions of annual sales. Unfortunately, the person who I thought would be a fitting heir in the case of my 'untimely demise' ended up tracking my location and sending an assassin to kill me in my sleep. The last thing I remember before I died was being half asleep and half awake. I remember the words that gave my second-in-command away: "Malborox sends his regards." Then, the glass of my pod broke and a bullet pierced my skull.

And yet, I do not see heaven, or hell, or reincarnation. I do not even see the innards of my own coffin. I see PUO. I am standing at the middle of our guild headquarters, an extravagant building that I built with my sweat and blood. People are scattered around, standing in black clothing. They are all uncomfortably quiet. Is this... My funeral? Wait, this can't be my funeral. Jolly music is playing, and food is served. I see my second-in command talking to some people in black. He is wearing a white suit with a black tie, and it seems like he's having the time of his life. Oh, the sly fox. He postponed my funeral to make space for his coronation as guild leader. 

Even though the bastard did kill me what feels like moments ago, I still cannot believe that he would be stupid enough to postpone my funeral. I had to make sure, so I walked up to a woman, tapped her on the shoulder, and prepared to ask a question. "Excuse me, this may seem like a silly question, but what is this event dedicated to?"

At first, she seemed neutral. Then, her expression gradually started changing. Her face lost all color, and she fainted. Someone ran up to her to give her assistance, and they did not seem to notice me. 

Oh. I'm a ghost.

I sit down on a seat. This is a lot of information to swallow. First, my heir kills me, then I become a ghost in the game. Does this mean that game mechanics still apply to me? I slammed my foot on the ground. No, it does not seem like I have the ability to noclip. I think I have the ability to get people to notice me, but only when I want them to. I mean, none of these people see the dead man walking, but that woman did when I tried talking to her. Well, what about my inventory? I open it, and the only gear I have is my casual outfit: a black tracksuit. Let me check my character stats, maybe there is something good.

I opened my stats. Wait, what the hell is this? New class: Ghost? This is strange. My class was ranger before I died. Did the developers prepare for something like this, or is this the game writing itself? I checked the abilities I had. I expected to see the hundreds of powers I've amassed over the years, but nope, only two: a passive and two actives. The passive was *No Invite Needed: All barriers that can be opened and closed are always open to you*. The Actives  were *Ghostly Relocation: Relocate yourself to any fast travel point* and * Hand of the Revenant: Crush the player and their avatar with one fell swoop.* Wait, the player AND their avatar? What does that mean? Well, I definitely have a suspicion of what it means. I suppose I have a chance to test it very soon.

A notification appeared on my HUD. *All guests please proceed to the main hall for the coronation of Malborox*. Well, I would hate to miss my own apprentice's rise to power.

I walked to the main hall with the rest of the guests. A stage was erected in the front of the hall, in the middle of the stage, there was a pedestal. A pillow rested on the pedestal, and the Key that granted ownership to the guild lay on that pillow. I always carried it the pocket of my coat. I patted it. It was not there. The jolly music stopped, replaced by the eerie silence. The lights dimmed, and lights pointed at the stage turned on. A priest from the Faith stood on the stage, ready for the ceremony. On the other side of the stage was the bloody traitor, Malborox.

"Ladies and gentlemen of the Paniron Merchant's Guild: We were all shaken when we heard about the untimely demise of Valissen, the founder of this guild. We all wondered if everyone would be okay, if the position of leader would be passed to the right person. Well, I am here to tell you it will. Before Valissen died, he made sure to mention who would lead the guild after he would be gone from this world. I present to you the man who will become your leader in just a few moments: Malborox!"

Malborox smiled and started speaking. "Thank you priest. May we begin the ceremony?"

And so they did. Malborox knelt down, and the Priest took a gilded sword out of a silver sheath. He held the sword with both hands, pommel just under the chest, blade pointing up. "Malborox, do you swear to uphold the principles of the guild, and act to further its interests?"

"I do." Sure he will. We were doing great when I died, the bastard will throw us into a recession.

"Do you swear to uphold the principles of what is good and morally correct, and be ethical in your trade?"

"I do." He broke his oath before he even swore it.

"Do you swear to honor the memory of your mentor, Valissen the Founder?"

"I do." Well, he honored me well by sending a cutthroat to kill me. Well, my revenge will come very soon. In a minute or two, perhaps.

The Priest lightly set the dull blade of the sword on the left shoulder of Malborox, then on the right, before lightly placing it on his head. He sheathed the sword. "Rise Malborox."

The Priest walked up to the pedestal and picked up the pillow. He then returned to his initial position, and faced Malborox. Malborox made a motion with his hand to take the key, but then pulled it back, as if he remembered something.

The Priest began to speak. "Before we complete this sacred ritual, does anybody object to the leadership of Malborox, and speak against the wishes of Valissen?"

My time to shine. "I wish to object against the leadership of Malborox."

Everyone turned around, to face my spot in the crowd, including Malborox and the priest. I heard hushed whispers. The people around me seemed to be surprised, maybe even shocked. The whispers grew louder. They all had mentions of my name. Valissen.

I started walking through the crowd, who so kindly moved aside for me. "I am not however, going against the wishes of Valissen, for reasons that should be obvious to you by now. I object against this bastard's leadership because he is the one who ordered my death."

The whispers grew louder. Malborox seemed very scared. I stepped onto the stage, and started walking closer to him. He inched away from me. "You are lying!"

"What reason do I have to lie? I have nothing to earn from this, I am already dead."

"You always hated me! This is your final act of revenge!"

"Well, one of those statements is definitely true."

I activated the Hand of the Revenant. I put my left hand around Malborox's neck and started choking him. He tried to get it off him, but it didn't work. He tried to claw at my hands. I didn't feel the pain. And, after a long period of struggling, Malborox finally died. I walked up to the priest, and took the Key from the pillow. Then, I activated Ghostly Relocation, and disappeared into a cloud of mist.

I checked then news the next day. The headlines were all about yesterday's event. Malborox 'the Traitor' has died two days after the mentor he betrayed, Valissen the Founder. His time of death in the real world was the same as his time of death in-game. I was being given many names. The ghost of Valissen the Founder. The spirit that had matters to settle. The unfriendly ghost.

The Digital Phantom.

----------------------------

**Thanks for reading, feedback and criticism is very appreciated.**