“It’s not fair,” moaned David. It was three hours till the deadline and David wasn’t even close to figuring out a way to solve his problem. He had sat hunched over his desk, his coffee cooled and untouched in the corner of his desk. Crumpled paper littered the floor and a large board decorated with long twisting, color coded string loomed over his hunched body.

The cops had gotten the call at 8:36 AM as they always did from the infamous criminal, known as the Beeline Menace. When confronted about the name the criminal claimed it originated from a pun regarding how cats are empathetic since they’re “feel\-lines” but he wanted to be original so he used the word bee, which further confused the whole ordeal since he actually never wore any bee related clothing, or any themed costume for that matter. 

The calls would always be a preview to his latest criminal master plan and this time he announced that he would be attempting his most daring challenge, robbing the Grand Central Bank at 4pm on the coming tuesday. The only problem was that the Grand Central Bank wasn’t actually a bank. It was just a museum about banks with displays showing outdated bills. The only kind of money he would probably get was from whatever was in the register and the shredded 100\-dollar bills that were being sold 20 dollars a pop. Plus the museum wasn’t even doing well since nobody really cared about museums these days, especially museums about banks. 

The Beeline Menace, he couldn’t even think of the name without rolling his eyes, had been outsmarting him or more accurately being utterly stupid to the point where he could never be caught. To be fair the first time he ever tried to rob a bank he came without a gun, then got angry with himself for forgetting the gun and repeatedly hit himself until one of the security guys went up to cheer him up and let him go. Bee never managed to ever actually steal money but the fact that he never got caught always bugged David. He was so clearly a criminal but he was too stupid to ever actually commit the crime making it impossible to arrest him. 

He couldn’t arrest him without him being a criminal so he was doomed, a clear disgrace on his perfect record. Unless… unless he could somehow make him a criminal. Yes that was it! He was going to help the criminal commit the crime so they could finally put him behind bars. Sadly his large intellect and years of experience tackling criminals could not help him see the irony of the situation as his desire to take down the Beeline Menace crowded his vision. 

True to his words the Beeline Menace showed up in his banged up SUV and began to strut his way to the front of the building, a cocky half grin plastered on his face. He turned around to address his fans, he didn’t have any, and gave a bow to his invisible audience before quickly turning around and whipping out his gun against the part\-time girl who was manning the admissions stand, “Hand me all your money” he snarled. 

She chewed gum slowly, clearly bored 

“Why aren’t you frightened girl? Never seen a gun,” he asked, slightly puzzled as he tried to keep his menacing look, which to his credit was slowly improving after hours of practice 

She popped her bubble gum. 

Beeline slowly began to lose his look, frustration slowly taking over as a scowl replaced his snarl. 

“So, it’s uh 4.25$ for weekend admission for adults,” she said

“I think the problem is that you’re holding a toy gun,” said David 

Beeline quickly turned around, pointing his gun at his arch nemesis, wondering how he’d managed to sneak up on him. David hadn’t really been hiding at all, he’d just been leaning against a pillar and Beeline simply never turned his head to the right. 

“What toy gun? I got this from my friend in the hood. He’d never do me wrong,” shouted Beeline and it was true. He did have a friend in the hood but this friend’s closest interaction with any gang members was when he befriended Tommy in second grade who would go on to die in a gang fight due to a stray bullet. 

“Yours still has the tag you idiot. This is a real gun,” said David as he threw Beeline a Glock he had purchased on the way to the bank. Beeline, who had the athletic capabilities to match his intellect, fumbled with the gun before dropping it on the floor. The accidental discharge killed the part\-timer girl. 

*What the fuck* screamed David. 

Beeline just screamed, a high\-pitched scream of fear and regret. 

Then the police came, they always did mainly because they thought it was funny watching David fume in anger at his inability to catch Beeline. David was always arrogant even if he could get results so Beeline was a refreshing new addition to their lives. Plus with a bit of conversation they learned that Beeline’s real name was Thomas and he was just doing what he did because he was lonely, how could you be mad at a guy like that? 

“On your knees criminal,” shouted one of the officers. 

“Yes arrest this man,” exclaimed David as the prospect of arresting Beeline made him forget about the dead girl.

“Not him, you”, another officer exclaimed as he pulled out his gun.

“Me? Why me? I didn’t do anything wrong.” 

“You just threw a gun that killed an innocent girl!”

“No it was Beeline!”

“Thomas didn’t do anything. We saw the whole ordeal, he barley even touched the gun”

“Who the hell is Thomas? Anyways Beeline’s the criminal!”

“Thomas never committed a crime in his life. You just have, on your knees or I will shoot.”

“It’s not fair,” moaned David.