It had been one hundred twenty-five years since I died. I could never really know other than to ask. There was an administration of sorts in paradise, not formal, more like a paradise Siri that could answer questions. In paradise one day can feel like a ten, and ten like one. I was already used to this, I had already been in a coma for nearly five years before dying.

If you hold on to your old life, your paradise will incorporate the imagery, the feelings, the essence. I still missed Earth, my family, my love. I enjoyed paradise - but I would still find myself thinking of Earth, my life was paradise. 
My memories of Earth were fading though my memories of her, Jamie. My love, hair made of sun light, the kindest smile, the gentlest soul. All the memories we had, all our aspirations, our motivations, our passions, all fading. My love, fading. I could hear her voice, every day for five years. She was the only one who visited, who waited, my Jamie.

In paradise, your reality is almost like a shared dream. You share aspects of each others paradise. There must be common themes, desires, passions in order for the sharing to work. Family is a common bond, you can almost always find family. People who share similar interests, being mutually attracted to someone else physically or mentally - yes there are physical bodies, but like anything in paradise, they change. You see, the longer you spend time with someone, the stronger their vision of paradise is imposed on yours. This is not bad, after all you are spending time with them because you want to, because you enjoy their paradise. I was forgetting, I loved someone on Earth, she was supposed to be here by now, and I was forgetting her. We would get some new people from Earth, in paradise, but very few. Their experiences were so far from mine our shared reality of Earth was so dissonant that I was never able to establish a shared reality with them. I had heard from others that humans had found out how to become immortal, second hand knowledge, and never any specifics. I was forgetting her, and she had not yet arrived. She had waited for me, I had to wait for her. I was going to lose her for eternity. This is not how it is supposed to work. 

When you first get to paradise, he teaches you a lot of things. I still don't know who he is, but everyone I have talked to has had the same experience. It's quite informal, and it lasts about three days. He gives you a list of all the rules and regulations. All of the things you can and can't do. He lays the experience of paradise out for you. Three days. I can't go into all of the details right now, but you have to know this. We are supposed to move on, which I was having trouble doing. We are supposed to let the past be the past, we are not supposed to hold onto memories of our last life. If we follow this, the after-life will be a better place and PREPARE us for a better place. The people we meet in the after-life will also move on, this is a temporary place. I was one of the last Earth bound residences of paradise. 

We are allowed one visit to where we came from. I was allowed to visit Earth once. I hadn't yet visited Earth. I was supposed to move on, but I just couldn't. I couldn't remember anymore, what was her name? I had to hold on to her memory, so I decided, and just like that, I was on my way. And like that, I was hovering above my old city. It was overgrown with forest. So beautiful, there were birds in the sky, and as I continued to descend I saw more and more animals, flowers, plants, and I could hear music that nature provided, it sparked a memory of her. Why was it overgrown though? Why was my city taken over, I thought humans had discovered immortality. Like a dream, these questions faded, my scenery changed, I found myself walking down my old street. I still saw cars in the drive ways, I saw my house, my old car, what remained of my old car. There was dust on everything, an incredible amount of forest growth. Peculiar. The buildings seemed to be decaying, the cars were rusted. I was confused. I was under the impression that Earth had found the secret of immortality. 

It wasn't just overgrowth though, It hadn't hit me at first, but there was some sort of new electrical grid spanning the neighborhood. There were large wires snaked into each house, they didn't seem to be officially installed, but rather almost forcefully placed through the front doors of the houses. I followed the serpentine wires to my parents bedroom. There they were, alive, and yet appearing dead. The wires were plugged into them, as if they were some outlet. Being a spirit, I could feel them, their essence, their feelings and emotions, and yet I felt nothing. They were alive, and yet brain dead. In Limbo. An overwhelming feeling came over me, I was the binary reaction to their lack of feeling. I lashed out and thrashed at the wires, celestial sparks started to fly, my surrounding became increasingly brighter and brighter I felt as if I was drowning, I took a deep breathe.

I opened my eyes, people were surrounding me. 

"Peter?", Jamie said.

"What? Where am I?" 

"You just fell while playing with the Oculus Rift, you hit your head pretty hard. We called an ambulance. I'm sorry to do this, but I have to meet my boyfriend in 5 minutes, my parents are here, we can do our homework another time. I hope your head is all right, we have the exam on Thursday! Bye!"

