Wednesday morning, the clouds had already matched my depressed mid week blues and started crying onto me. My whole body disguised to them by my humongous blue umbrella. Even it’s camouflage couldn’t distract the rain drops splashing all over my pointlessly shined shoes. My dark blue suit setting the tone for another hour long journey to pretend I care about getting to my job on time. The bus sign towering in front of me, mocking me with its pompous look of “I don’t have to go to that fucking mundane job, you do, ha you twat” Then to top it all off the bus appeared.

As I stepped on I went into my usual routine of flashing my bus pass to the same old driver. Same slack jawed huff of approval, I could almost see through his forced optimism at not being able to punch me in my beaming face or put on a cape adorned with the immortal phrase “jobs worth”. Luckily, I could smell the booze flowing from his sweat stained yellow collar, so I knew he couldn’t be assed checking to realise it had expired yesterday. Such luck I have that I can continue my voyage to the office..

As I look down the aisle of sorry souls, chained to whatever Hell they call their income, I realised something immediately. My own self pity had nearly drowned out my usual view of soggy coated passengers. There she was again, that beautiful woman in the red coat. Fierce orange hair blazing like a thousand lit cigarettes. I remember seeing her the past couple of days but I’d of felt weird sitting next to her. I mean there were other seats.. well, apart from yesterday when I had to stand up, I mean.. there was a seat next to her but I’m.. I’m a coward when it comes to love, emotions.. you know what I mean, alright? There. Again, there were no other seats apart from next to her. I had to just go for it, how long had it been since my wife left? When was my 40th birthday? 6 months.. a year?.. Oh fuck, it’s nearly been a year and a half! I never will forget that Terry, that snooker playing bastard. Distractions, must stop, ok, focus.

It’s easy, just one step past the first ancient looking bag ladies and another couple steps past the screaming school kids and a third one and oh dear Christ. She immediately looked at me and continued the gaze till our knees were practically at the wedding alter. Please do not have further thoughts on this matter, please, my pants are wet and oh crap I just sprayed water on her fastening my umbrella together -

“Sorry, so sorry, i -“

She just looked at me, all bewildered like I’d just asked to wipe my nose on her clean looking white blouse. 

“You can.. see me?” Her mouth remained propped open. She shifted her hand in a surprised motion to her red lipsticked mouth.

“Well, yeah I’m not THAT old” I adjusted my jacket before realising I’d straightened my back just like my Dad used to. I’m so smooth. Twat.

“You must tell me something” she frantically opened up a purse that I’m certain appeared from nowhere. Her blue eyes watering now. Oh for fucks sake, I’ve sat next to a mental patient. Maybe it’s a dream? I stared down at my crotch. I fucking hope it is.

“Of course, please” I say enthusiastically. Please ask for my name and friend request me on Facebook.

“What’s your full name so I can add you on Facebook?” She glared.

My eyes bulged to the size of my ego back when I was in my twenties. 

“What the fuck.. really?!” I blurted out.

“No Gary but you should of seen the look on your face ha-ha” her voice dipped wildly and her laugh echoed down the bus. How the fuck did she know my name.

My mind melted a bit as she giggled. Shocked, I looked around the bus to see two elderly men with frozen hand gestures on the seats next to us. Further down the battered face of the bus driver stuck in a state of intense staring towards the now-unmoving-traffic outside.

“I thought you’d never bother, I’ve been waiting to renew your contract for a while, you really must have given up HA” her voice became deeper and her hand grabbed onto my crotch “don’t you know who I am Gary?” Her grip tightened and I couldn’t manage words. What the fuck was going on!

“I’m dreaming, I’m dreaming, I’m dreaming” I repeated it whilst my eyes were closed, willing it to be true.

“No, not this time. Every Sunday night for exactly a year you’ve been saying that you wished your life could be over. Well here’s your chance. Let’s make a deal, eh?” Her pupils went big as the corners of her smile climbed her face. 

“You what? How’d you know this? My name? My thoughts.. is this a tv show?” I spat as I looked around wildly, slapping the knee of the old man to my right. No movement.

“Well, you don’t pray.. so the big man upstairs ain’t listening.. I will give you a clue.. usually, I have horns and wings? Maybe a trident depending on how frisky the artists mind is..” her tongue licked her lips. Fear shook me, I gripped the back of the cushioned bus seat.

“The.. fucking.. devil?!”

“Bingo! So, new life for your soul or do you want to go get told by that fat bastard, bright tie wearing prick to go put extra sugar in the coffee you’ve already spat in again?” She gave a knowing smirk as she played with her long bright hair.

“I... what..” thoughts shot through my head.. what have I to lose, this must be a nightmare or something anyway “fuck it, yeah why not! No office, no commuting, nothing I have now! Haha” but my laughter didn’t stop and I watched as she clicked her fingers in front of my face.

I watched as a blue gust of wind blew out of my chest “OH FUCK” I screamed as I heard her familiar ear drum battering laugh get monstrously louder.

My eyes flitted between darkness and a bright light. Finally I forced them wide. My hands were clutching to a steering wheel, in front of me was a huge white tower. Felt like leather seats. I saw my arms, chest, legs in a.. suit. I notice it’s dark, twinkling lights occasionally. It finally dawned on me that it wasn’t a tower at all, it was a fucking rocket. I was in the Tesla car. For fucks sake.



