"Goddammit, don't you beggars know there is a shelter 7 blocks down on C street?" " Every fucking day. Not like you want to sweep up, or do a lick of work either right? Just sit there with your shitty sign and pathetically claim there is nothing you can do about your situation." 

It was Thursday. This Thursday was worse than other Thursdays because the quarterly tax payment was due. Not like it was small either. Jeff was paying close to 45% of his entire income in tax. Since he was self employed he had to cover employer match on his own That was 15% right there. Couple that with the 10% state tax, and his 25% federal, and his 100k income running the store got slashed right in half. 

The beggar was silent. A hint of disappointment slashed across his face, then was gone.

He laughed. Yeah, making 100k per year was great, you just had to work 17 hours per day, 7 days a week. Take a day for Thanksgiving, and one for Christmas, but then get back to it. You have to have goals. And Jeff's goal was to never live again like he had in Bosnia. Fuck that, America was better. The work was grinding, but the reward was there.

"Ok fuck it, come in, there is a sandwich for you and some water" . These bums. Fuck! Get em a sandwich and get em moving. Let em use the bathroom so they don't shit in front of the store. They are broken. Ground by society into sand from the granite of the men they might have once been.

The beggar rose. " I have something for you". 

"What a desire to sweep? Because I will take that. I don't want any fucking crazy shit from you. I'm giving you a sandwich, if you don't like it, keep moving."

"Calm down"

"Are you crazy?"

"No"

"What are you doing here? Why are you in front of my store? You know you're scaring the damn customers!"

"Please.. I'm sorry.. Calm down"

"Don't tell me to calm down. You ARE fucking crazy.."  Dammit some of them were getting really weird these days. Figures, next here comes the Jesus sermon. Get ready for it. At least it's not Bosnia. They'd just run in and fucking shoot you in Bosnia. 

"I have something for you."

"Just eat your sandwich. I don't have time for this, I still have crates to unload from this morning, and the lunch crowd is going to start trickling in after that." Do not engage the crazy. She taught him that. Before.. That was the past though. "Just eat"

"I can wait, it's ok". 

It always bit him. Somehow all that damned 'help your fellow man' always managed to sic him right in the ass. Here we go again. 

----

But what a surprising day that turned out to be after all.



 





