“Ah, my work is almost done.” Death rubbed his claws with delight. “Just one more soul to collect and then I can finally leave this hellhole for good”. 
Why anyone would prefer earth over Hell, he would never understand. Hell was straightforward. Every day was the same: torture, torture, torture, lunch, torture, snack, torture, torture, torture, dinner, torture, breakfast, and so on. Routine was good. It kept things…predictable. 
Life on earth was filled with emotions and feelings that made life chaotic and complicated. And earthlings actually liked it. Death gagged. Earthlings were disgusting. 
It was easy to kill them, though. These earthlings lived their lives as if they’re fucking invincible (yes, Death swears, big surprise). The last two souls he collected, for example, had died because of drinking five unicorn Frappuccino’s. Five! How anyone could not see that drink’s an immediate death sentence (pun not intended), Death did not understand. Heck, he bet they could have called it ‘die-a-bee-tha-cino’ and they still would have drunk it. Death smiled. It had been great to watch them do it though. It was like ‘Jackass’ for hipsters. 
There was an upside to this new earthling thinking, though. Nobody wanted to go to heaven anymore because it was “too mainstream”. Death snorted. Silly humans. He loved the look on their faces when they realized they would have to listen to Nickleback nonstop for the rest of their miserable deaths. Betcha heaven is sounding pretty good to them now.  

Death sighed. Yep, killing earthlings had become easy. Too easy. It was nothing like the old days. No sir. In the old days, Death had to work hard to hit his centennial quota. People were more eager to live. He used to love watching them clutch on to their miserable little lives. 
In the middle ages, that’s when Death really was at his best. He was doing such a good job, people even got used to Death. He had to throw in a little extra once in a while to shake things up. A little plague, a touch of war, the crusades. Those were the days. 

“Ahum.” 
Death looked up in surprise. Who the devil could sneak up on Death like this? 
“Excuse me, Death, sir?” In front of Death stood a young girl all dressed in white. She looked so...innocent.
Death blinked. “Are you…are you my last soul?”  
The girl nodded. 
Death groaned. Are they kidding me? He thought. I spent centuries wiping all life of the face of the earth with raging plagues, bloody wars, serial killers -and did I mention the crusades?!- and this is my final soul? She’s even holding a friggin teddy bear! He face-palmed himself. 
That was it. Death had had enough. He slouched down on a rock and moped. 
Suddenly he felt a tug on his robe. The little girl was standing there, smiling at him. Why wasn’t she afraid of him?
“What?” Death grunted.
The girl looked down at her feet. She was drawing circles in the sand.
“My mommy said that you are scary.” She said in a squeaky voice. “But I don’t think you are.” She smiled at him.
Death shook his head and groaned again. This was not what he needed right now. 
Though, he had to admit that he was intrigued. 
He huffed. “Why not?”
The girl shrugged. “I don’t know.” She squeaked.
Well, that’s helpful. Death thought. 
He got up and dusted his robe.
“I guess there’s no point in delaying this.” He sighed. He took out his scroll and then conjured up a door. He then proceeded to ramble the lines he had said millions of times before: “To enter the plains of eternity, thou must knock the door three times. All your good and bad deeds throughout life have been weighed and your fate has been decided upon. Areth thou ready to meet said fate?”
The little girl nodded.

Death felt a little out of sorts. Most earthlings would be begging for a chance to make up on their mistakes or they would try to explain how stealing that one piece of candy was a good thing because bla bla bla bla bla. But this little girl, she stood there, ready to go, fearless. 
He guessed she was about eight years old. She had had enough time to get up to some mischief. 
“Aren’t you afraid of what may be waiting for you beyond that door?” 
She shook her head; dark curls falling in front of her face.
“Why not?” he asked suspiciously. 
The girl seemed to think for a moment. Holding one finger to her lips. 
Eventually she dropped her hand to her side and shrugged.
Death’s face dropped. This is why he never wanted to have children. 

“I guess I see it as a natural part of who I am.”
“Beg your pardon?” Death had not expected her to speak.
The girl hesitated. “It’s part of who I am.” She repeated.
“Wow, wow, wow” Death exclaimed “what’s going on here?” He looked her up and down suspiciously. 
“Death is part of who I am.” He mimicked in a squeaky voice. “No eight-year-old says anything like that.”
The girl shrugged.
“Enough with the shrugging already!” Death yelled. He pushed her forward. “Now, knock the door.”
The girl shook her head.

Death had had about enough. It was the end of the workday and he wanted to go home. He glided over to the little girl and grabbed her arm. He then dragged her to the door and knocked it three times with the girl’s hand.
Nothing happened.
Death knocked the door again, but it stayed shut.
Maybe they had waited too long. If he would just repeat the words and immediately knock, it would swing open.
Death cleared his throat, repeated the lines and knocked the door with the girl’s hand. 
Again, nothing happened.

“That’s impossible!” Death was furious. He threw back his hood, revealing a skull surrounded by dark souls floating in and out of the eye sockets. Pacing up and down in front of the door, he wondered what could be causing this defect. 
Suddenly he also realized that, if he could not open the door, he would not be able to return home. Betty would be so pissed!
Better not take any chances. He glided over to the door and knocked it three times. The door immediately opened, revealing darkness and a faint smell of brimstone. 
Satisfied, he closed the door. The door was not broken. Phew! It would have a long walk to hell…
The girl was still standing in front of the door, holding her teddy bear close to her chest. 
Death paced for a while in silence, trying to figure out what to do.
The girl sat down on a rock and just watched him.

“Look,” Death scratched the back of his skull. “I hate to do this, but today is my last day. I’m leaving on vacation tomorrow to Mar-a-Hades.” 
The girl just smiled at him. Boy, she was creepy. 
“Would you mind terribly if we postpone this until after I get back? The door is obviously not functioning properly right now and I would hate for you to get stuck in heaven for no reason.” Death chuckled. “So, how’s about we call it a day and I will see you on..." he pulled out his agenda and turned the pages "October 15th 2030?”
The girl shrugged.
Death rolled the souls in his eye sockets. “Glad that that’s settled then” he mumbled. Without much further delay, he made his way to the door. When he knocked it, it swung open, again revealing darkness. "It's been...strange to meet you" He said to the girl and then walked into the darkness. 
As the door started to close behind him, Death suddenly remembered that he didn’t know the girl’s name. He would need it when he got back to take her soul. He looked back and saw the girl was still standing there, smiling at him. He shuddered. So creepy.
“What’s your name, honey?” He called out to her.
She grinned at him and walked over to the door, beckoning him to come closer. Death obliged.
The little girl leaned in, put her hands around his ear and in her childlike voice whispered "My name is Life." She then pushed him into the darkness and kicked the door shut.
God dammit! Death thought to himself. Life reproduces like bunnies. When I get back from vacation, the planet is going to be filled with it again. And I was so close! Oh well, maybe I can start up a little war when I get back. I heard North Korea is up for negotiating. 
