"Red wine, you say?", I asked the boy.

Marv is the newest of my servants, and the only one who had the balls to face me when I discovered their tricks. It's probably because he didn't know how badly I tend to lose my temper, unlike the others.

But I wasn't mad. I was perplexed. A bit amused even. This mixture of red wine and some ground herbs was really an effective agent. There was no doubt that my spells were much more powerful using this concoction than my faithful servants blood.

"Yes sir. Well sir, you see, we didn't come up with the idea ourselves. We didn't know what to do when you asked for Phineas' blood. He's suffering from a peculiar malady since last week and we didn't want his blood cause any unforeseen effects on your work. And the rest of us are too tired to give anymore blood after the fight with the royal guards. We were pondering over what to do at Helga's tavern when we met her. "

" Who's her?"

" The Silver Paladin, sir!"

Emily! I knew she had something to do with this. She was a fellow student at the mage's academy with me. Before she found out how they did the magic. And then burned the school down. And then joined the Order of the Star. And then massacred all of them when she found out that those old men weren't any better. She had visited me two weeks ago  but that's a tale for some other time. Long story short, she asked for something and I threw her out. 

"So she overheard you and offered a solution, I'm guessing."  

It was all too convenient . And I can bet my entire fortune that she was the cause behind Phineas' 'malady' too. 

"Yes sir! Please forgive us, we didn't know what to do." Marv said.

I liked Marv. He's a respectful boy and his heart's in the right place.

"That's quite alright. You may go now"

As Marv bowed and left me alone in my chambers, I went to my table. As I eyed the red concoction filled in a gold decanter, a sudden clanging of metal alerted my senses and I turned around, startled. It was Emily, clad in shining armour. I didn't even bother guessing how she entered the tower. She was always a gifted shapeshifter. The raven is her specialty 

"It's really effective isn't it?", the Silver Paladin asked.

I faced Emily to say something but nothing could come out of my mouth. Honestly what I needed to do was apologize for how I acted a fortnight ago when she came asking for my help.

"Emily, I'd like to apolo-"

"No apologies necessary, Nicolas." She interjected. 

"But I hurled you out of my castle with a hurricane!"

"Well I did ask you to join me in exterminating the Mages guild. See Nic, I've always respected you. You always tried to keep your familiars alive when spellcasting and that is something I find rather admirable. Makes you a piss poor magician  though but that won't be the case anymore. " She said, while picking up the decanter. 

" Nic, this concoction is not a secret. I found the recipe buried deep in the Grand Archives. I went to the council of mages and they all knew about it. "

Suddenly I realized why she wanted my help. "They tried to silence you, didn't they?" 

"Silence isn't the word I'd use, how about murder? And no, they don't want the recipe to be known. They're going stick to the old ways. Keeping lesser magicians as familiars, free supply of slaves from the King for experiments, endless supply of blood while keeping the masses indentured to them in exchange for serving the crowns interests. The Order was in on it too. That's why I ended it. And now it's time to end the guild too. Please, I need your assistance. "

" Why do you need my help, Em? " 

" Ending the guild won't be easy. It'll take a war. I need you to rally the other wizards since they won't trust me anymore. Plus you're very creative in your spell casting. With this concoction, you'll be able to use the those spells you've written down in your notebook now. "


" You've read my notebook? ". I was truly surprised. Inside it was a collection of spells I had thought up when I was in the academy. When I was a naive young boy seeking to help others. Before I found out about the truth of magic. 


" Everyone has read your notebook! You always left it lying around in class. Honestly that's why we all liked you, Nic. You've an affinity for white magic. That's something rare these days. "

I didn't know what to say. All this was a lot to take in for one day. Emily understood that and we fell into a contemplative silence. 

Unfortunately that didn't last too long. The skies outside started turning green. The guild was coming. Emily noticed it too. 

"What is it Nic, will you help me, or will you hand me over to them?" she asked, with a hint of apprehension escaping into her voice that she tried to suppress. 

Honestly, I didn't know what to do. Siding with Emily means saying goodbye to the life I have now, possibly forever. But I can't hand her over to the old geezers now. Everything has changed. Magic without a blood sacrifice. It will change the world. 

"Marv, gather the others and make me more of this concoction!" I shouted, magnifying my voice. 

A loud "Yes Sir! " resonated from downstairs as I turned to Emily. 

"Please hand me my notebook from the table, Em. I'll show you how to turn some wizards into a bucket of paint." 
