She awoke with a sense of dread. The weighty grogginess of an unfinished sleep filled her limbs. Her eyelids slowly pulled apart with a particularly painful crystalline gunk this morning. *Why there is an alarm set for an ungodly hour like this defies explanation.*

‘What, its a call, urgh…fuck’.

*How has this happened?!*

She’d always shuddered at hearing a tone that was so obviously made for an alarm being used for phone calls. *Who wants to feel like they’re being violently pulled from the serenity of sleep while brainlessly food shopping.*

‘H…hello?’

‘Elisa…I mean err, Diamond Darling, we need your help. There’s a hostage situation at the arena. We’re getting blocked at every access point, we need you here now. There’s a car on its way, tell me you’re at home…’

Despair. *It’s happening again*, she thought. What annoyed her more than being picked up and taken to live crime scenes - baffling as she’d always considered herself pretty useless - was the constant insistence of calling her by a throw-away messenger account she’d made when she was thirteen.

‘argh…It’s so early haven’t people got better things to do than get in trouble?’

‘El…Diamond, it’s 2 pm…these are parents and children just wanting to see a show about dinosaurs..’

‘huh? Oh whatever…just…I’ll get in the car, let me throw some clothes on. You better have a massive coffee ready’

*What do they expect me to do, I’m an out of shape, ugly mess.* Nonetheless she dragged herself out of the confines of the feather duvet that had proven an unlikely companion lately, and true to her word threw some clothes on. *Wasn’t there a gym set stuffed in the bottom drawer, probably a safe bet if I have to jog or something stupid like that.*

Stood in the rain she waited for the squad car to pick her up. Usually they would be unmarked, *who wants to see a rotund middle aged woman helping the police?* But this time it was an all guns blazing, lights flashing, neon parade of panicked police wearing gormless expressions. *They didn’t usually ooze a sense of calmness and authority, but this time they seemed slightly more…clammy?*

She arrived with a deafening tone of sirens and screeching brakes, *what an elegant way to wake up*. Stepping out of the car with the aplomb of a recently upended tortoise, she was greeted by a rather distressed officer.

‘Here is your coffee’

Perplexed. *What the fuck.* She stood mouth agape looking at a barrel, the kind you use for collecting rain water, filled to the brim with black filter coffee. The remnant filters lined to bushes nearby.

‘On second thoughts I’m awake now…but thanks’

She was then ushered toward what seemed to be an unguarded delivery point to the arena. *I thought they said there was no access*.

‘GO STRAIGHT IN AND WATCH OUT FOR THE ASSAILANT BEHIND THE HGV’ squawked out of a whining loudspeaker.

‘Shut up! At least give me some hope of surprising them!’

Silence. *That’s all you’re giving me?*

‘What do I do now?’

‘GO AND SUPRI…sorry…go and surprise them, they won’t expect you, we called their bluff!’

A thumbs up was echoed through the rest of the officers with accompanying wide set grins.

*Why do they all have such good teeth, is that like a police thing? Maybe that’s it I’m going to win over the day with my bad breath and wine stained teeth, ha!*

She always felt better if she could make light of any situation.

Approaching the front left mirror of the HGV she saw the shuddering forehead of a middle aged man through the cab’s windows. *Why is he shaking so much, god he’s really going to laugh after this, well after he’s shot me…*

‘Aaaaaaah’ cried out from behind the vehicle, accompanied by several thunderous shots of a gun that looked like it had seen better days in some godforsaken war zone.

‘D…d…diamon…n…n…no please. I surrender, please don’t hurt me’ the weapon crashing to the floor, as the now pallid man fled with his hands raised.

*Great…just as usual,* she thought, reflecting on the now countless times someone had freaked out in front of her and just straight up packed up. *At least this one didn’t shit himself…*

Making her way through the delivery tunnels and countless doorways to the main stage was rather uneventful. The odd glimpse of a fleeing henchman, walkways littered with weapons of all kinds - *Who actually brought a set of throwing stars for fucks sake?,* and a trail of destruction clearly designed to impede her approach.

*This must be a record, looks like I’ve earned some weird reputation with these idiots.*

Pushing her way through several heavy reams of black curtains she approached the side of the stage.

Pandemonium. She’d spied several thousand hostages knelt with their hands on their heads through the gaps in the curtains but now joyous screams and energetic shuffling filled the arena.

Two rather well armoured, giant sized men stood motionless staring at her.

*Okay. Well this is the end. Who’d have thought I’d meet my end on a stupid stage next to a stupid animatronic brachiosaur. I should have said no this time, I hate leaving the house.*

‘erm…stop what you’re doing…drop your weapons’, *clearly the bosses of this set up as these things look shiny, like they’re fresh out the stolen arms dealers crate shiny,* ‘get on the floor and…erm…assume the position’*. That’s what you say right?*

The thuds of several large weapons ricocheted over the stage floor. A symphony of zips, velcro and dull crashes of kevlar padding followed, concluded elegantly by the fluttering sound of fabric hitting the floor around them. Both men now frozen on their hands and knees completely naked.

‘Wha…’ A rapturous applause came from the crowd.

‘Okay everybody out!’

Silence again, as the muted crowds shuffled through the recently abandoned exits.

*Can I go home now? I think I can go home now…*Anxiety rattled through her bones.

*——————————*

A sense of relief washed over Sergeant Reynolds face. The day had been saved.

‘Do we have any casualties officer McCready?’

‘Just the one sir, looks like one of the assailants threw himself down a staircase trying to escape’

‘Good lord, well make sure no one get’s the blame for it, if you catch my drift…’

*I hope he catches my drift…actually I say that a lot but I’m not even sure what a drift is.*

He couldn’t bear losing his trump card in the occasions where the criminal underworld got the better of his bare bones police force. It would be better to cover her from any legal battles with the odd accidental loss of evidence, or body of, than to open the purse strings of austerity and offer minimal legal council.

‘Okay, once we’ve got everyone through the medical checks I want all cuffed individuals loaded in to the vans’

‘Yes sir, do you want the two clothed…or…do we have blankets…or…’

‘Just deal with it.’

*I have bigger things to deal with.* He knew he had to find her and get her home. Things seemed like they had gotten worse, fractious even.

It had been that way since the blast, he’d just been glad to get her back in his city in one piece, even if she had forgotten who he was. But now she seemed like a shadow of her former self, like she was the one who needed help.

The irony hadn’t eluded him. *Just goes to show you, you can be physically bulletproof, a hero able to command people to do anything you want, but sometimes the only person you can’t help is yourself.*

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Edits - first time formatting problems!