To say it was unbearable was simply not the truth, but to say that I didn't mind was pushing it. 

I'd told her this the night I had first died in her presence, resurfacing from under the debris of a collapsed wall. No, I didn't survive that. Yes, I was back. No, that did not make me some kind of undead zombie. 

When I found myself stabbed through the neck by a falling chandelier the very next day, I thought that maybe it just wasn't my week. 

It wasn't until I extracted myself from the jaws of a extremely confused crocodile that I demanded an explanation. 

"Alright, fess up." I told her. "I did not walk myself blindly into that enclosure, and I most certainly did not decide to take a swim in this weather. I don't know what you're doing, and I don't know how I know this, but it's definitely you." 

And so she explained. I grimaced when she told me that every single one of her lovers had died in a range of unrelated and unexplained accidents, and how she'd eventually come to realise that she was the cause. It was a bit hard to believe, to tell the truth. I might have come to doubt her if I wasn't, y'know, immortal. 

I was alarmed to see tears form rapidly in her eyes as she thanked me for surviving, for coming back to her despite her terrible, terrible condition. I didn't know what to say. To the me who had thought my own immortality had been a curse, I struggled to process what this girl had been through in her life. 

And so, I stayed. 

Death became the rhythm of my life. I didn't know how, or when, but it was a daily ordeal. Slow, spontaneous, simple, unnerving, there was nothing that surprised me any more. In a way, I had come to anticipate death, in little guessing games with myself. 

Another stabbing on a Sunday morning? Please, get on my level. 

To say it was unbearable was simply not the truth, but to say that I didn't mind was pushing it. 

How do you concentrate on your life when your body is so constantly, so consistently looking for ways to die? How do you find the courage to get up each morning, knowing for certain you're never going to make it through the day? 

I've thought about giving up. I've thought about leaving. But then I see her, and I see her joy and relief of having me back. 

And so, I stay. I push on. 
