"Can't play music, write or even run a straight line!" As I kicked a can, it bounced off a wall and slammed into my eye.

"DAMMIT I CAN'T EVEN KICK A CAN!" As i stomped the can into submission.

I can't figure it out, what is this guy good at? It's the third time i've been turned into a dude and usually its pretty easy: Football once the other time was about mathematics, straight forward. 

"Ohhh everyone's good at something" I spit mockingly

"I do believe that is true!" An enormous clean-shaven man appeared from across the street. He looked taller than he was due to his enormous hat he wore atop his slender frame. His black coat was draped over him loosely.

"Everyone indeed has something they are amazing at! You just have to find it!" He bellowed with a grin

"Well, thats very nice and all Mr-"

"Redmond! My Name is Sir Geoffrey Redmond III!" He cut in as he bows taking off his hat, revealing a shiny bald head.

"Okay. Redmond. Right. Well, as much as i love talking to 7 foot tall Eggs, i hav-"

"An egg i am not! I, good sir, am a Financial Consultant and life coach!" He beamed at me from the clouds.

He whipped out from under his coat a blue card, it was very nicely embroidered and in calligraphic writing it spelled out "SIR GEOFFREY REDMOND III - Life coach"

"A life coach huh?" as i flipped the card over in my hands, examining it.

"Yes sir! A Coach is one term for it, but i prefer this one!" as he whipped out a second, gray, card. In print it read "SIR GEOFFREY REDMOND III - Life explorer"

"uh explorer?" I questioned peering up from the card

"Why yes sir! Explorer extraordinaire! We explore the possibilities and find that talent you never knew you had!" with a boisterous grin he offered me the can i was kicking earlier. 

I hate that can.





The waitress didn't seem to happy with us. Yeah we have been here for a few hours now but at least Redmond has been ordering tea the whole time. Drinks it dark, no sugar, no cream.

"I can't figure it out" I exasperated

"Oh Don't worry my good friend, in due time you will be living out a life of amazement!" as he gestured for more tea, with several quick snaps of his fingers.
The waitress walks over to the table, leaves the entire pot of tea on the table and leaves. Geoffrey claps his hands in anticipation before pouring himself another cup.

"I didn't mean the talent, i can't figure out how you drink that stuff straight!

"Earls Grey speaks for itself, it doesnt need all the fluff" He stated between loud slurps of his cup

"We haven't done anything since we got here, you just keep slurping and slurping and snapping and slurping, are we going to make any progress at all?!" I started to shout

"hush hush hush, you will learn your talents soon enough, that i am sure!" He gestures to the waitress with a few snaps.

"Bill please!" 

The waitress lights up, with a smile on her face she parades to the table before laying the bill right in between our seats. £487.36.

He remains motionless just staring at it and back to me.

"Well" He asked

"Well what?" i retorted staring at him. He couldn't possibly me-

"Well? Life coaching is NOT easy, and i do believe you owe me for 3 hours of time." he exclaimed, braking my chain of thought.

"I should expect this done most haste, so we can proceed to discover your skills!" Flashing his brilliant teeth.
 
I couldn't think, i didn't know how to react or why or really any thought at all. It was as if everything was taken away and here i sat, with a £487.36 bill. The world stopped for a second and the lights seemed to dim. 

"£487.36" I muttered under my breath. My heart shaking, vision tunneling.

"What was that? i couldn't hear you?" Geoffrey questioned, looking perplexed.

"FOUR HUNDRED EIGHT SEVEN POUNDS AND THIRTY SIX QUID!" i screamed as i reached over the table before everything went black.

When i finally came back around i found myself back home. My hands were smaller, more feminine. I found my Talent? When? It didn't matter honestly i was just excited to be me again. I flipped on the channel to see a horrific news story. 

LOCAL RAMPAGE STILL LOOKING FOR SUSPECT
5 DEAD 2 INJURED
WE HAVE A WITNESS FROM THE SCENE HERE

"I don't know who the man was, he was just so angry, he shouted his receipt before going crazy!" The woman cried.

"Can you tell us anything more?" the reporter inquired.

"He must have been a monster, only a monster can kill with that much ability."





