"What should we do if we ever lose control of it?" 

"Lose control? It will just be a time machine, Tara. It's not a robot, or some sentient program which can-"

Tara laughed, then swatted me on the arm. Chastisement complete, she leaned back against the tree, tipped her sunhat down, then closed her eyes. Summertime is never conducive for staying annoyed at anyone.

"Not that kind of control, idiot. I mean, what if we invent the time machine, and then other people end up having a greater say over how it's used?"

"We'll be the inventors, of course we will retain full control!" I thumped my fist on the grass for emphasis. "And if anyone tries to overrule us, well, we will sue! My dad knows a few lawyers, I'm sure our company will be able to sue them all!"

"For someone so smart, you're really naive," said Tara. "That's not how the real world works at all. There's a dozen ways they can knife you even without you knowing."

"Name one."

"They may blackmail you, for example. Find something you're ashamed of, and threaten to expose you if you don't do what they ask. Or they may sue you first, and claim that the invention belongs to them. Or," and here Tara paused as she sat up and looked me straight in the eyes, "they may drive a wedge between us. Make us wary and untrusting of each other. Who says what may happen then?"

"Nonsense!" I said with a laugh. It was my turn to lean over and punch her on the shoulder. "Us? Fighting? We're best friends! Have been, and always will be!"

Tara opened her mouth, evidently ready with a retort, then thought better of it. Instead, she sighed, then scrounged around on the ground, uprooting handfuls of grass. One by one, she released each blade of green into the air, and watched as the wind carried them away.

"Even friends fight sometimes, Rachel," she said.

"I know, but that's not us. We will never-"

"Promise me something then, if you're so sure that we'll always see eye to eye."

"Anything, of course!"

"If we ever do invent a time machine, and if ever we lost sight of who we were, or if the time machine starts getting used in ways we wouldn't approve... Would you promise to take all action necessary to stop it from happening?"

I was ready with my reply, but there was a serious glint in her eyes which gave me pause. Tara often had her moods when she lapsed into deep, dour funks. I wondered whether it was easier to lift her from this one with a joke or with my agreeing to whatever half-baked compulsion had taken her fancy. 

Agreement it was.

"I promise. By any means necessary."

"Including even killing me?" 

"Yes, just like in all the movies we've watched. Who knows what effect it will have, killing the inventor of the time machine... But yes, I'll do it."

"Good," she said, with the smile finally returning to her face. "Let's shake on it. Blood-sister vow, no backsies!"

I reached out for her hand, as she did mine. 

---

/r/rarelyfunny 

