"Finally. Manager's screwed the pooch with this deal, no one knows how to do damage control, of course this all happens when the VP is in town-AAAAAAGH! I can jump into bed and relax since the girls can take care of...the house..."

A mound of rubble greeted Gideon Walters as he parked his car in the street. The trees in the front yard where he'd hung the swing for his son now resided in the office. Jagged pavement uprooted from its foundation replaced the driveway. The very same ground he played catch with his daughter Anna, now scorched beyond recognition. No sirens, no radios, no neighbors. 

"Hilde?! Anise?! Maria?! Scarlet?!" Silence. He tossed his bag aside as he raced to the remains of the house. 

"Hilde! Anise! Maria! Scarlet!" His hands trembled as he stepped over the front wall's remnant into the master bedroom. Bedposts shattered, desk cleaved, ashes littering the floor.

"Oh God-Hilde! Anise! Maria! Scarlet! Answer me!"

He scrambled over the remnants of a stairway-and his breath seized, arms limp at his sides. Sitting on the intact kitchen table, a familiar redhead, headphones on, book in her hand. She looked up, took off her headphones and walked over.

"Hey Dad."
"Scarlet! Thank God!" 

Gideon threw his arms around Scarlet and hugged her.

"Nice...to see you...too...tight..."

He gave her a squeeze for good measure then let go. 

"What...where...what happened?" His voice was strained, his breathing heavy. 

"Hilde and Anise got into a fight. Something about a boy. Oh, and Maria's with her friends. Are you okay?"

"I...Hilde...Anise...where are they?" 

Scarlet's face fell. She bit her lip as she looked away. 

"I...I don't know. They went through a portal and it closed before I could follow."

"What?! Can't you open one also? Why didn't you follow them? Why-"

"You don't think I tried?" Scarlet's voice withdrew to a cold whisper.

"Scarlet...I'm sorry...I didn't-"

A blinding flash of light, followed by screaming and two loud thuds. Gideon and Scarlet ran towards the source of the sound. 

"Ow...damn...I think my shoulder's jacked up."
"You-your shoulder? That's weak compared to the ringing in my ears."
"Hilde! Anise!"

They both jolted upright despite their injuries. 

"Heh, uh, hey Dad." "Hey Dad." Hilde and Anise shared a look as if to say *Yeah, we're screwed.* Gideon and Scarlet both rushed and embraced them in a group hug.

"Thank God you two are alright! You had me worried sick!"
Scarlet didn't say a word, simply holding fast to her sisters. 

"Wait, you're not mad?" Anise's voice carried a mixture of surpise and hope.

Gideon looked at both Hilde and Anise.

"Wrong. I'm furious. This-" he motioned towards the ruins-"over a boy? War and Famine, fighting over a boy?"

Hilde and Anise both winced. *Yeah, we're definitely screwed.* 

"But I'm more relieved than anything else. I'm relieved that you're alive, both of you. When I saw the rubble, I-I thought...I..."

Hilde buried her head in her hands, while tears rolled down Anise's face. 

"But you're here. Scarlet's here. I'm here. We're here, together. I love you,  Hilde. I love you, Anise. I love you, Scarlet. And I love Maria too." 

Gideon hugged Hilde and Anise again as Scarlet tugged at Gideon's suit jacket.

"Dad...the fifth seal...they're crying out...Dad, make it stop!"