I awaken in a comfortable chair, but an unfamiliar form. My ears are ringing, and my head is spinning. I have no idea where I am. The room is dim and empty, only myself. It blackens again, and I find myself in the same chair, but well rested. My ears perk up to a wonderful tune, and I turn my head to find a shadowy figure playing a gleaming golden harmonica, so beautifully. Their breath travelled through it so flawlessly, but with such ferocity, like a lonely hurricane, on an infinitely calm ocean.

Suddenly, they stop. Slowly, the light shifts, and my eyes are transfixed on this being. The Devil. But something was not right. He was not as I imagined. He was calm and collected, like he was wearing a suit of honesty underneath his red scales.

A deep, smooth voice transcends from his lips. He spoke with care, like he'd crafted his words for all of his eternity.

"You're a beautiful woman, Maria. Why did you have to do it?"

"Do what?"

I slurred, with an unwoken expression. My voice surprised me. It was young, unused. Like I'd never surfaced a single emotion.

"Take your own life. You made a promise..."

He went on. His voice flowed like liquid, yet somehow sounded concerned.

"You would find someone, as deserving of happiness as you were lacking..."

"And I would deliver to them what I could not for myself." I finished, in an almost entranced manner.

"Indeed, yet here you are, in this barren land, with nothing to show."

He sounded almost surprised. Then I realised what had just been spoken. I killed myself? Does that mean...

"Yes, Maria"

He replied, like he was reading my thoughts.

"This is Hell. Welcome."

"Where is everyone?"

"They left. God's Perfect Kingdom is once more forgiving. Everyone has gone to heaven, yet, I'm still condemned to this damned place. Feel's like it's been an eternity..."

He chuckled softly.

"So, I don't have to stay? How do I get out?"

With a disappointed sigh, he simply gestured to a fire place. I suddenly realised we were in a different room. As he parted the fire, revealing pearly gates from beyond, I astoundingly asked,

"Weren't we in a different room before?"

"Yes, we were. In fact, since last time you took notice, I've renovated it 7 times."

A smile of amusement spread across my face, which promptly spread to the Devil's own.

I stood and approached the fire place, ready to leave and enter the pearly gates, but yet it simply didn't feel right. The walls shifted from a warm orange to a shattering blue. I turned to the Devil, where he sat, head resting on his hand. He quickly looked up at me, and with a temper, yelled at me.

"Go! Get out of this place. Your soul is free!"

It wasn't a temper of an eternal rage. It was of emotion. Sorrow. His head sunk back into his hand, where he appeared almost limp.

"I can't. It's just not right."

He rose from his chair, harmonica falling from his lap to his feet. His face compressed with rage, and his scales illuminated red. The walls were nothing but fire.

"But you can! You can let your soul live on, with every other, and alongside God, himself!"

His voice echoed through the realm, quivering. His stare pierced my soul, his words rattled the ground beneath me, but I stood calmly.

"But I made a promise."

His eyes turned ice cold. The fires surrounding me were extinguished, as if they were never lit. He fell to his knees, and began softly sobbing.

I approached him, to comfort him. It seemed as though his scales melted to the touch, as if his fierce armour had worn. He stood up straight, with a tear in his eye, and pulled me close. He rapped his arms around me as I sunk into his 7' figure.

That's how I kept my promise. That's how I met my husband.