On a pale horse, Death galloped into the world, his cloak burning behind him like black fire, and his scythe gleaming with the sharpness of inevitable demise. The last of the five to enter the mortal realm.

"I've come to harvest the souls of this world." Death's hollow eyes wandered over his siblings. "I trust you've all taken great strides to pave my way?"

"A global conflict is knocking on the door," War said, lifting her helmet and shaking out her fiery locks. "Through the apocalypse, I will ride by your side, brother. Just give me a little more time... it will happen!"

Death nodded. "I was hoping for more... Actual battles, men at each other's throat! Swords and blood! Smoke and fires! At this rate, maybe there won't be an apocalypse..." 

War hung her head. "I've really tried! But these blasted nuclear weapons just sit there... creating this... this... abomination called a 'cold war.'" 

She spat on the ground for emphasis. Death sighed, shifting his unblinking gaze over to his younger brother. 

"You've also been struggling, I can tell," he said, his hollow voice ripping across the dusty plains of Armageddon. 

"Everyone keeps stuffing their face with sugar and fat! How am I supposed to starve a world where everyone's overweight!" Famine cried in frustration. "Seriously, these mortals aren't even trying anymore. There's always that extra bag of chips picked up at the store, and that infernal fast food business. Seriously, those pizza delivery guys outrun my horse."

Death's face darkened under the cloak. He turned to the fourth horseman. "Well, what about you then?"

"I just have one word for you. Antibiotics," Pestilence said, flies buzzing around him. "What am I supposed to do? I can spread diseases all day, but nobody freaking dies from them anymore! They have a cure for everything these days. I'm starting to feel impotent... kind of like War for the last five decades. Anyway, just give me some more time, I'm working on resistant bacteria..."

War glared at him but said nothing. Death tightened his skeletal knuckles around the grip of the scythe. He'd hoped for an easy harvest. A quick reaping of the world.

Reluctantly, he turned to his youngest brother. "What have you been up to?"

Eyes-wide, Ignorance looked up. His big brown eyes nervously flicked across the others. His mouth hung slightly open. He cleared his throat, fixed his tie, and ran a comb through his hair. 

"Well?" Death said, impatiently snapping his bony fingers.

He wasn't expecting anything. His youngest brother had always been unreliable, at best. 

"Hey, I'm talking to you!" Death said when he noticed that the short chubby man wasn't paying attention.

Ignorance looked up again, and this time pointed at himself, looking like a big question mark. 

"Yes, you. What have you been up to... *brother*?" Death said.

Ignorance swallowed and pointed at his phone. 

"You've been on your phone?" Death clenched his jaw. Not much of a surprise there.

The man nodded nervously.

"Give me that," Death said, and snatched the phone out of his hands. 

He was just about to toss it into the desert when he noticed something on the screen. "Who are all these people?" Death tapped on the phone. "Followers? You have a cult?"

Ignorance nodded. 

"Interesting..." Death mumbled. "Facebook... Twitter... Instagram... and all you do is post memes and cat pictures?"

Ignorance looked at his feet. 

"Wait, there's more," Death rumbled. "Huh... you've been sharing highly dubious articles... anti-vaccine... homeopathy... conspiracy theories... wait, how did they get this many Likes?"

Ignorance shrugged.

"Okay, listen up!" Death said, turning to the others. "I'll give you some more time to get your act together and prepare the world for my arrival. We'll postpone the apocalypse for now."

They all looked up in surprise and relief when Death turned his horse around.

"We'll discuss the logistics in greater detail," Death said and pulled out his own phone, following his little brother on social media. "Until my return... Ignorance is in charge!"

***
If you liked this, you can find more of my stories over at r/Lilwa_Dexel