Bile splashed onto the floor, they told me not to eat before the test. But I couldn't hold anything back after this; between the the sight and smell of it all my stomach heaved everything out of it. There was six technicians or doctors or whatever when I got here. They were rude and kept referring to me as "D-727" despite how many times I told them that my name was Alex... but no one deserves this. 

"It'll be over before you know it," Doctor Miller said quickly from behind his glasses,  "into the chamber press a few buttons and walk out."
"And then I get paid?" I asked. Doctor Miller nodded. Myself unsure I went into the chamber and followed a loudspeakers instruction. Green button, yellow lever, set the dial to 12 hours, then finally the red button. But I hesitated at the last, the loudspeaker shouted, "Do it D-727! or you will not receive compensation!"

I thought to myself, "Here goes nothing." Then darkness swallowed me. I don't know how long it was, but it felt like eternity of nothing at all... emptiness. When I could feel again I was back in that room and the lights were flashing and an alarm was blaring, "Containment Breach! Site 99 Sector 3 Compromised!" Over and over again. Thankfully the door is open. But that's when I saw them.  The men and women slumped against the wall and floor ... missing... parts. 

I kept dry heaving even though there was nothing more that could come up. "Sorry" scrawled on the wall next to Doctor Miller. My first coherent thoughts were to get out of here. Home to my daughter. I couldn't die in a place like this,  should have known everything was too good to be true. 

After stepping over these poor unfortunate souls I make my way into the hall, the 2 guards outside also dead, I don't know where this lab is at but I know the way back up and out. I stopped counting the dead on the way to the lobby. I see men in tactical gear just outside the windows. "Thank God it's the police!" I say to myself excitedly, just get me the hell out of here. 

"GET DOWN! HANDS ON YOUR HEAD AND FACE ON THE FLOOR!" They're probably just following protocol but they're still pretty scary. 

But they didn't take me to a police department, I don't know where I am anymore. But they won't let me leave and they still don't call me by my name; only "SCP-8873-B"

I need to get home... I have to see Darci...