As I lay in the hospital, awaiting death I re-evaluate every choice I have ever made. Was I a good person? What is a "good person" anyways? Sure I have done some things I regret but hasn't everyone?

The rhythmatic beeps of the machines keep me a live keep jolting my eyes open at predictable intervals. My wife and kids are beside me, holding my hands and reassuring each other that I'm going to a better place. I can't help but wonder if I really am. My whole life I have just assumed I would be making it to heaven, but over the last few weeks I'm not so sure anymore.

The doctor enters the room, and informs my family it's best if they leave. It's time. I'm no longer scared of dying, I abbandoned that fear weeks ago. The doctor informs me that after the count of 10 they are going to unplug the machines. They push one final liquid into the IV. My whole body calms.

10, 9.. as the doctor begins to count backwards, I see a gleaming white light appear from above. I can't belive what I'm seeing. An angel It's an angel! Yes! I must be going to heaven! 8, 7, 6, the angle descends to the side of my bed and takes my hand. In a voice to beautiful to describe she proclaims "I'm here to deliver you to heaven." 5, 4, 3, with my last remaining strength I manage a smile. "I was so scared, I was so scared I was going to hell, thank you!" I softly proclaim. The doctor seems puzzled, but like he has seen this before. 2, "Oh you silly creature, you were in hell. Hell is not for eternity, hell is much like your mortal prisons. We make sure you have no memories when sending you here so you have no happy memories to hold on too."

1, this news rocks my whole body. I have so many questions to ask. But I have one resonating thought running through my mind as the doctor places his finger on the machines switch. "Who then is the devil... who tortured me the most while here?"

The machines are shut off, my breathing halts anf I feel my heart beat erratically. The angel gave me one final smile. "You are all the devil, evil lives in every single one of you. Just think to how many people, you were the devil." 
