**"You did what?!"** *The Surpreme Pope of the Intergalatic Holy Church roared.*

*I sat there with a cold expression on my face. I had no idea how to deal with a thirty-foot tall bird person screaming at me, other than to appear as non-threatening as possible.*

"Well, according to what texts we have collected about two thousand years after the events had occured.. We listened to your messiah, and afterwards betrayed him, tortured him for days, then executed, and lastly buried him in a small cave, which we blocked off." 

**"Never in the thousands of years I have lived, have I ever met a species so cruel, mistrusting, sadistic and spiteful as yours!"** *The papal Bird Person kept going at me, and before I knew it I felt his sharp talon grace my cheek.*

**"It is clear that the church cannot continue to let your vile planet continue to spread its hateful behavior to the rest of our universe..."** *The Bird Person walked towards a console panel seemingly fitted for his size. Millions upon millions of buttons decorated it, each button carrying two labels. The name of the species, and the name of the planet..*

"Your holiness, with respect, I don't think you can judge us for what we did thousands of ye-" *I was promptly silenced as the Bird Person pressed the button saying "Humans - Earth.". and the sound of crackling energies gathered below the room. 

I looked up at the screens anchored to the walls high above. There it was, my home planet. Earth. That beautiful blue ball in the middle of nowhere, the place where I had lived my life, where I had my home..

I closed my eyes.

When I opened them again, I found myself standing where I had before. In the middle of nowhere, on a mountain. And through the skies above, I could see the green beam of light grow larger and larger, before finally striking.

When it struck, nothing happened. For a while.. The silence before the storm, as they say. 

Then I felt it. Down below, the ground began to crack before tearing open completely, fissures of hot air heating up the area below him, and with time, the rest of the world.

Mere moments later, lava began pouring out of every orifice in the ground, turning the once beautiful area into nothing more than hell on earth.

Silence had been replaced by screams far off in the distance, billions upon billions of people crying out in agony.

"Wubba Lubba Dub Dub."

And those were the last words he spoke, before he jumped off from the cliff he had been standing on, landing head first into the sea of lava.

As his body decayed, there was nothing left. Death was the only thing that came to claim him. It had been the only thing that came to his aid, as he cried for it. 