Now, I'm no wise man by any means but I know when something should scare the shit out of me. Standing here now, in front of this tempest of a man I think back to how I came to be in this position and realize the signs that had been there, the warnings. Had I only been paying attention, maybe I wouldn't have fucked things up this bad between Terry and I. 

Terry had always been a soft-spoken man, from the day I met him he was always calm and quiet, never loud and rowdy like the other members of the team. We had worked together on the project for only a little while, but our friendship lasted beyond it, connecting at such a level that even after the last nail was struck we kept in touch with each other. He was a very interesting person, with a wicked sense of humour once you got to know him. I always knew he had a sharp tongue, but before he would only use it to tease, always making sure I knew he didn't mean it afterwards. What we had was one of the best friendships I've had with someone, though clearly there were more problems than I had thought. 

I began to realize that with how calm and gentle this guy was, despite looking like he could snap my neck with one hand, he would do just about anything asked of him. It was just the kind of person he was, always ready to help out someone else who needed it, be it by lending them some cash or driving them somewhere they need to go. I took this new knowledge in a new direction however, and I will admit that I was a supreme asshole in that regard. I would borrow things without planning on returning them, hitch rides from him whenever I was too lazy to drive. I'd take him to bars, places I knew he hated, just to have the influence of a tall handsome man beside me to draw in other attractive people. I'd call off our plans at the first hint of something happening with someone else. It's honestly amazing how long he put up with my shit.

At that point he had become even more quiet, withdrawing himself from almost any event, his soft comments and jokes replaced by sad smiles or frowns. I thought nothing of it of course, oblivious as I was to the consequences of my actions. But he still just kept quiet, never speaking against me or even speaking to me about it at all. But that was before what I now know was the final straw. 

His sister had come to visit, staying in town for only a week or two as she had come for a wedding but decided to stay a bit longer. Me being me, I immediately saw this as an opportunity. She was attractive, I was horny, so I convinced Terry to let me have a chance with her. I think he was convinced my motivations were different, more pure than the  perverted thoughts that had been running through my mind. I took her out, getting her in bed after a few days and then left. I didn't call, didn't ask about her. I didn't even bother to remember her name. I didn't think it would hit her as hard as it did, didn't know that it was just another blow after the hardships she had been facing for the past year. I would never have imagined that the result of my actions would bring me here, cowering before Terry as he nearly yelled.

I had never heard him raise his voice above a certain level, the loudest having been reached on the site of the project so that others could hear him. That wasn't the case now. 

Now his voice crashed around me like waves, violent as a hurricane as I get knocked around by his anger. An ocean whipped by wind and storm, his anger surrounded us, almost enough to force me beneath the surface by itself. The words themselves were what got me. They were the result of his sheer rage, dark and bleak as a night with a new moon, only now there weren't even stars vainly trying to light the darkness. His eyes were dark, staring into mine with what I knew now was hatred. Hatred for who I was, what I had done. Hatred for the choices I had made. As his words force me under the surface, I can't help but shudder at the sight he makes. He is the sea and sky, storm and silence. One doesn't need to be wise to know they should be afraid, and frankly I am terrified.