"All rise, court is now in Session for the lawsuit of Matthew Rose against defendant Madame Fairy Rosanne", said the judge.  

While I'm not showing it, I'm nervous. Even nervous is an understatement for how utterly terrified I am at this moment. I use to be a negotiator if you will, I was there for the moment. Matthew called my offices one day and asked for an attorney that specialized in wish cases. My boss called me in later that evening, and I had no idea what to expect. At first I thought I had been fired, but then my boss saw my fear and acknowledged my worries.  
"You aren't being fired Lampros, we got a special case and I think you're the only one that can handle it"  
 My boss explained what the situation was, telling me it was a simple negotiation. Looking back on it, I should've known it would come to this. I met with Matthew and negotiated the wish that he wanted granted. His dead family to be alive once more. Awhile back, about a year ago, Matthew and his family went on a cruise. During the cruise, the ship hit got caught in a terrible storm. Waves crashed against the ship and eventually, the ship sunk. The worst part about it all is that Matthew watched his family down, being the only one to survive. Back to the matter at hand, Matthew requested that his wish be to have his family be alive again. The fairy complained about it costing her way too much energy and after awhile, Matthew and Rosanne got into a major spat. In the end, Rosanne smirked and granted his wish...although it wasn't what you expected. I hope that I can prove this fairy acted with ill-intent, for Matthew's sake. The judge banged his gavel, and began to lay the case out in detail. It was at this point I knew there was no running from this case. He calls on me to confirm that I am ready, I pause for a moment, then nod my head and prepare for the worst.  

"Alright, Mr. Lampros. Would you like to lay out why your client is suing Miss Rosanne?"  

I move to speak, but my words get caught in my throat. I take a gulp and begin to lay out the claim.  

"Your Honor, my client claims that Miss Rosanne granted his wish with ill-intent. My client wished that...that..."  

Thinking about what she did makes my blood boil, but I cannot let my bias interfere with my integrity, otherwise we've already lost.  

"My client wished that his family would be brought back alive. They died in a shipwreck a year ago and he saw this fairy as an opportunity to have his loved ones back."  

The jury gasped, it was reassuring knowing that they have sympathy for Matthew but I'm not sure how much this will help me. Alarmingly, Rosanne does not have a lawyer. This means one of two things, she is one or she's gonna use magic to cheat. Both are bad options for me since I'm a newbie at this in the first place, but justice must be served and no one else knows how these cases should be handled. The judge reasserts order in the court and looks at me.  

"What's the issue here, he got his wish didn't he. You best not be wasting our time, Lampros."  

So this judge is a jerk, great. 

" The fairy wished them back to life, except she wished them back exactly where they laid. At the bottom of the ocean..."  

" The bottom of the ocean, Mr. Lampros? Surely that could not be correct"  

The judge is taken aback when he repeats what I said, as if he has already made his decision.  

" Your Honor, it is correct unfortunately"  

He sighs and looks towards Rosanne with a judgmental glare.  

"And what of you Miss Rosanne, what do you have to say for yourself?"  

She turns in fear, realizing she has no true way out of the blame for what she did.  

" I-I-I d-did it b-by a-accident, Y-your Honor."  

"By accident!? By accident!? By God if it was up to me I'd have you thrown away in a cell and striped of your magic for good! You are clearly far too irresponsible to having been 10 years into your fairy training? The dont teach simple "don't resurrect an entire family under water" class? There is no excuse that, you know they couldn't survive and the terms specifically wanted them alive! Regardless of all that, where is your attorney?"  

Rosanne got the same look in her eyes that she had when she granted Matthew's wish, I know what she was about to do and I have no way of stopping it. She waved her hand around and pointed at the judge.  

"Right...Here! See Your Honor, I have an attorney~!"  

Little did she know, the judge himself is immature to her rookie level magic, having been a mage himself. I didn't realize this until I saw him holding her magic in a bubble and throwing said bubble out of the courtroom. At this rate, I must be the second luckiest lawyer around next to a certain *Wright* I've been hearing about.  

"Madam Rosanne, that little stunt was cute. However, you've just earned yourself a guilty sentence. Since you had intent to use magic to bend me to your will, I'm just gonna go ahead and hold you accountable to that murder charge. Since you killed over 10 people, this will be considered a serial murder charge and you will be awarded 250 years in prison. A magic prison, to make myself clear, since you like using your magic to manipulate helpless humans. Does the jury agree with my sentencing?"  

Everyone nodded, not one soul decided to question her sentence after what she just attempted to pull. I'm almost as lucky as that *Wright* character I've been hearing about. The judge motions for her to be taken away, but not before stripping her of her magic ability.  

"Y-your Honor, do you have to take my magic?"  

"You don't deserve it, have fun with your 250 years. Take her away guards."  

The judge turns to me and looks at me with a serious glare.  

"Yes, Your Honor?"  

"I heard no one else would take this case. Is that so?"  

"Yes, Your Honor."  

"Come forward, I'd like to give you something"  

"Okay, Your Honor."   

I was scared, I had no idea what he was going to give me. I stepped to the podium and he tapped my forehead. I felt a slight shock and then looked up with a confused glance. He noticed my confusion and sighed.  
"In case you haven't noticed mortal, or should I say Fairy now. I've given you her power, along with her training. You are free to do as you will but I better not ever see you in her place, less you receive the same fate that Rosanne got."  

"T-Thank you, Your Honor. You're far too kind"  

"You're Welcome, now get out of my courtroom before I change my mind. Oh one more thing, Matthew?"  

"Y-yes?"  

"Do you still wish to see your family again?"  

"Yes! That's all I could ever want in life." 
 
The judge snapped his fingers and handed Matthew a business card.

" Your family is waiting for you at your house. They don't remember the cruise and they will live as if never happened. Also, the moment you enter that home, you will not remember the cruise either and you will live as if nothing ever was awry. After this, I will teleport you to your front door. Are you sure you want this?"  
Matthew paused for a moment, I began to worry. He better not dare decline after all my moderately hard work.  

"Y-Yes. Thank you for your kindness. I'm ready when you are."

The judge snapped and like that, Matthew was teleported home. Having received what he worked so hard for.

"Why did you do that, Your Honor?"

"Because I know what it's like to lose everything and be betrayed by one who swore to help you, and I never want anyone else to feel that same pain. Anyway, You are free to grant wishes to whomever you'd like. Just do not be malicious with your granting no matter what. Also, get ready for fairy school in September, it's flexible but you might need to quit your job. It isn't like you can't just make money out of thin air though but the choice is yours. Here's my business card, you may go."  

I took the card and stepped outside a new man. Immortal, magical, and I could now help those who were in need. I can finally save my family from the man who swore to kill us all......My phone rings, the message from an anonymous number reads;  

"It's too late chap. You're entire family is laying dead in a ditch somewhere. I'll spare you to leave you with the pain. F**k you, bye."  

Little did he know the wrath of which to come......

EDIT: Fixed up the formatting.



