When I was told I would have to face the person I had hurt most in life in order to move into heaven, I can’t say that I was happy. Even though my life was now over and I had left my heavy body behind, the baggage on my soul didn’t seem any lighter. The thought of who it could be as I walked down the long hall to our meeting place ate at me. Would it be my ex? My Dad? One of my best friends?

The figure in the distance slowly came into view I swear I could feel my heart beating out my chest even though neither existed anymore. It was a child. A small, innocent, child. How could I…? My children? How did I hurt my children the most? If I was still stuck in that fleshy meat suit I would be shaking like a leaf right now. 

The closer and closer I get, the more confused I become. It’s not until I take a seat at the table across from the child that it hits me.

“Hi,” the small voice pipes up to me. 

“Are you…” I pause as I look over the awkward brown bowl cut, the pale porcelain skin, and the bright green, hopeful eyes… and it’s then I realize, I’m staring back at myself. 

“Why were you so mean to me?” she asks in the tiniest of voices. 

There is a light brown puppy stuffed animal that lays still on the table in front of us. She picks casually at the long since matted fur as she awaits my answer.

“I wasn’t… I wasn’t mean to you, sweetheart,” I reply. I can’t help talking to her like she is one of my own children. I can hear the sadness in her voice. The way she averts her eyes as if I am mad at her or as if she’s done something wrong.

“You said I was fat. You said no one would love me. You said there were plenty of pretty girls in the world but I just wasn’t one of them,” she says back, without even looking up at me.

“Honey… I… that wasn’t you. I wasn’t saying that to you. Things happen when you get older. Things just get harder… they aren’t so black and white anymore, you know?” I try my best to explain. 

Her eyes slowly move across the table, up and over my form, until she is staring me straight in the eyes. 

“You gave up on me. I kept telling you how much I loved you! I told you how beautiful you were! I told you that you didn’t deserve all of the things that last man put you through! I told you!” she starts to raise her voice at me. Each ‘told you’ being met with a pound of a tiny fist on the table.

“It wasn’t you… It was-“

“IT WAS US! I told you every day you were good enough! That you were strong, that you were capable, that you could move mountains with your love! But you didn’t listen to me. You never listen to me! You were mean to me!” she continues on, only getting more emotional with each word.

Like a fish out of water gasping for breath, my mouth flops around in vain grasping for words. I had heard that tiny voice inside of me. It was always so quiet over all of the other negative voices that were so loud. 

“But… but… you were naïve. You don’t understand how it is to be an adult. People are manipulative, they are mean, they are cruel, and they will hurt you. You don’t understand how the world works. You’re just a kid.” I tell her as best as I can. 

She offers me a small smile and scoots off of her chair, grabbing her raggedy little stuffed puppy in her arms before moving around the table to stand in front of me. She pushes the puppy into my chest and wraps my arms around it. 

“Without me you would have given up after being bullied all of those years. Without me you wouldn’t have forgiven our Mom after Daddy died. Without me you would have never learned to love again when he left us broken and shattered after so many years,” she explains in the most innocent of voices.

I feel her hand on my cheek and I realized that not only am I hugging the puppy tightly, I’m not even looking at her anymore and I’m crying. She gently guides my face until I’m look back at her once more.

“You think I was your naivety but I was your hope. You think that I was being blindly optimistic because I didn’t know any better but I did. I knew better than you. There is good in the world. People are good. Just because you found one that shattered your heart didn’t mean you wouldn’t find one that would rebuild it.”

“But… I was scared. I was so… alone after that. So lonely,” I lament. 

“Why do you think I kept trying to talk to you? I told you everything you needed to hear. The truth! But you never listened to me,” she counters in frustration with a stomp of her foot to the floor.

“I’m sorry I… I just… It’s different being an adult. You have to grow up and face the world and you just… you can’t be a kid anymore,” I explain to her.

“Why do you think I’m a kid? Do you think adults all talk of their ‘inner child’ because it isn’t real?”

“Well… it’s a socially acceptable way to still be childlike sometimes,” I offer.

“We’re all children on the inside. It’s not the age, it’s the soul. Your soul starts out pure and loving. You love yourself and care for the ones around you until you’re taught not to. Maybe someone else teaches it to you or maybe you teach it to yourself. It’s not that you grow up and now you’re an adult. Your soul doesn’t age. It’s what happens to it. You have an inner child because it’s the last time you truly loved yourself, the last time you were able to love the world around you unabashedly, as it should be,” she tries to express to me. 

“But as you get older… you learn. You just learn that the world isn’t what you thought it would be,” I retort.

“As I said before… someone teaches you. But you didn’t listen to the voice telling you it would be okay. You were too caught up in what everyone else around you was saying or doing. Would you ever tell your children they were too fat? They weren’t good enough? They would never find anyone that loved them?” she asks in genuine curiosity. 

“Well, no. No, of course not,” I say back.

“Then why would you say it to me?”