Sometimes the world needs heroes. 

Sometimes it needs soldiers, special agents, medics, firefighters and whatnot. 

However, most of the times, it doesn't need any of that. It simply needs a person. It could be anyone, really. They could be anyone; they could be the weary mother of two, unable to sleep at night and drumming her fingers against the table of the kitchen. 

It could be the wise old man tapping his cane while watching the sun set over the horizon.

It could be the young boy slamming his hands against a wall to make a fun impromptu rock concert.

A single person, old or young, male or female, can make all the difference in the world if they just arrive at the right time, in the right place, and do the right thing.

Such was my case, one chilly afternoon, as I appeared near a bridge where a young man was just about to take the plunge down. 

He looked at me in shock, as if the thought of falling to one's doom wasn't enough of a shocker. I looked back at him and smiled.

"Hello there," I said. "What can I do for you today?"

"Stay back!" he yelled, "I want to die!" 

"That's quite all right then," I answered with a nod. I neared the side and crossed my arms over the bridge's slick guard, before glancing down. "But I don't know if this is going to kill you or not. It's a bit too short, and the water's a bit too deep." 

"Y-You won't make me change my mind!" the man said.

"That's quite all right," I answered, flashing him a smile. "I wouldn't want to anyway. I'm here to help you, because you clearly need my help in killing yourself. Seems like you can't even manage this thing properly, no?"

"I-I-this is reverse psychology!" he bellowed. "It won't work on me!"

"Oh, then that makes you quite the smart man!" I said with a smile, "Though not smart enough to properly judge height and depth, but still-good on you," I plopped my chin on my open palm. "So, you falling legs first or head first? If it's head first, it might break your neck-make it painless. If it's the legs though-then I think you're probably going to drown to death."

"I'm going to jump!" the man yelled, "And I'm going to jump head first!" he said resolutely.

"Yeah, but there's wind," I said, knocking the wind out of his sails, "I mean, are you sure you won't risk flipping on yourself? Are you a professional diver? But if you are one, won't you just manage a beautiful dive? I think there are some Olympics athletes that jump from this high and survive-and you don't want that, do you?"

This seemed to get to him. He faltered, but didn't yet come down. 

"Just-on whose side are you on?" he asked, his voice weak.

"Yours," I said. "Though I can't read minds. So if you want to die, I'll help you die. And if you want to live, I'll help you live. Everything else doesn't really matter. So, what will it be?"

I helped him down from the bridge, and as he miserably slumped against the guard, I knelt by his side and fished out a cigarette. 

"So," I said as he took the cigarette and I lighted it for him, "Was it a girl, was it lack of wealth, or was it the soul-crushing despair of society that got you up on that ledge?" 

He took a long drag, and then sniffled. "I can't do this anymore," he whispered. "I studied years for a job, got it, and then I was laid off and now I can't pay the bills, or the house, or-"

"That's quite all right," I said with a huff, "That's easy to solve. Just get all the money in cash you can manage to wriggle out, then hide it, then declare bankruptcy, and then start fresh in another country." 

He blinked. He looked at me.

I looked back at him. "If you feel adventurous, you can even get loan sharks to loan you money by feigning impending needs, and then shortchange them on the cash by leaving the country quickly." 

"W-Who are you!?" the man asked, now once more puzzled at my words.

"Me?" I said with a smile, my fingers drumming three times on the floor near me, "Your friendly magician." I tapped the fourth, and I was gone. 

And I reappeared, this time in front of a beautiful middle-aged woman whose eyes widened at my appearance. 

"Oh my," she said. 

I wriggled my eyebrows.

There were all kinds of needs that a simple man could solve, even without any redeeming characteristics. 

And some of those needs, well, let's just say that they led to wonderful encounters.