In a daze, he stared at his grocery cart filled with 24 watermelons and 36 apples, "Why do I need this much?" 

He pondered if he perhaps needed it for his restaurant, or a picnic, or perhaps it was not for him at all. "I don't think I have a restaurant." He searched his pockets and found a list with 24 watermelons and 36 apples. No wallet. No business card. Not even his car keys.

He grabbed onto the edge of the cart, feeling a string of panic race through him the more he tried to consider this predicament and the more aware he'd become that he couldn't remember. "What the hell is my name?"

Meanwhile, in his cart were 24 watermelons, 36 apples, others around him continued on, and he was moments from losing his shit. He continued to stare at the food in the cart, the obscene number of melons driving him battier than the potentially explainable number of apples. 

"Excuse me," he waved to the women on the other side of the produce stand, " might I have a moment of your time?"

The women looked confused, unsure for a moment if it was her he was addressing, then realizing he was indeed flagging her down. She walked over to his side of the produce shelving and cocked an eye brow when she'd looked into his cart. "Is this some sort of perverted joke? You want me to mention the melons, don't you?" She put her hands on her hips and switched her weight to one leg.

"No no no," he pointed into the cart, " I don't know why I have all of this fruit in here. I, I don't even know my name!" Desperation on his face.

She continued to look over the cart, "how much fruit do you even have in here?"

"24 melons, 36 apples!" He watched her for a reaction, hoping she'd be less on guard before he'd continue on about his situation.

"That's oddly specific. Why not just say the total number?" 

"I-" he paused, he didn't know the total number. "I have-" it was basic math, even he knew it was easy, elementary level--"wait a minute!"

"How much fruit do I have?" He asked her, inspired by a new theory.

"That's simple! If you can't--"she paused her verbal assault, "you have..." she pointed at the fruit and was mumbling numbers under her breath. "I, I don't know."

She went over to her own cart and counted aloud, "12 potatoes, 11 pomegranates, 10 pearl onions..." he heard her gasp and ran over to her side, "I can't add?" 

"I-I think I know what this is." 

"It must be some sort of biological weapon or toxin, or-" she reasoned aloud.

"No no, it's none of that." He put a hand on both her shoulders and looked her in the eyes, "these numbers are so easy even a grade school child could do it."

She began to sob, "I know, but you don't have to rub it in like that."

"Think of it! You have descending numbers of produce that begin with Ps, I have a disturbing amount of watermelons--this is elementary math!" 

She looked at him confused, "what are you saying?"

He ran back to his cart and started throwing in all of the produce. She walked over to his side and watched, not sure what to make of it. "What are you doing?"

"Getting my revenge!" He paused a moment and looked over at her with a crazed grin, "Let's see the little monsters add this!"