"Where are we going?" I asked, sitting up. I was in a simple white room.

"You really don't know?"

"No."

"Wow, the coma really did give you amnesia," said the cat as we began to walk down a long hallway. "Well, when humans sleep, their consciousness goes to this dimension, Esrevinu, and they lead a parallel life. However, fifty thousand years ago, there was a great war for control of this planet between the humans and us cats. We won the war by creating a weapon that caused every human being in existence to fall unconscious, and so all humans' Esrevinunian bodies have been in a deep coma ever since; this is why sleeping, for your kind, is now a void with no conscious thought!"

I think I understood that. "So now that I've woken up in this dimension, I can lead a second life by falling asleep in the other one?"

"Precisely."

"Okay, so this is my alternate life. I can do that. Now, why are we in a hurry?"

"There are still cats that think humans are inferior," the cat said. "We believe they are more abundant in your dimension than in this one, but as they cannot talk, you don't need to worry about them there. Here, though, there is a terrorist group called the Tobeens, which aim to kill remaining humans. We are in a building called the Conservatory, which is where all the unconscious humans have been stored all this time; the Tobeens are on the verge of destroying it."

My stomach dropped. "How many other humans are gonna make it out?"

The cat made a hacking noise-- the equivalent, I uneasily realized, of an evading cough. "Our scans accurately predicted that you would be the first to wake up."

Oh, no. "But surely more people have awoken in the past minute!"

"It is possible, but I do not think--"

The room, barely fifty feet behind us, exploded. There were massive rumbling and groaning noises from all around. In my heart, I knew the Conservatory, and the entire human race in this dimension, was gone.

I felt an uncomfortable vibration, as though I were standing next to an enormous speaker on full blast, then it was gone. Then there was the sound of a loudspeaker:

"SCANS INDICATE PURRESENCE OF LIVING HUMAN. TROOPS, YOU HAVE CLAWRENCE TO PAWSUE."

"Run!" gasped the cat. I heartily agreed.

There was a mighty crash behind us. Cats in Navy Seal uniforms were rappelling into the hallway through the ceiling!

"We're almost there!" said the cat. "Hurry! They're armed!" Indeed, the military cats were holding adorable little assault rifles.

The cat and I bolted through a sliding door at the end of the hallway. It closed quickly, the two pieces of metal meeting with a catlike hiss. There was a ping-ping-ping sound as the tiny bullets hit the other side.

There were buttons on the sides of this room. I realized it was an elevator. "Up or down?"

"Up, up, up!" said the cat frantically.

The pings faded as I felt the odd sensation of going up incredibly fast. "Where are we going?"

"To the finest scientists in this dimension," said the cat grimly. "If we're lucky, they will sympathize with your being alone and begin a cloning program to save your kind!"