I had imagined it to be a dozen different people.

“This is a joke,” I said, more for myself than anyone else. Then, I turned around, and nothing existed. Antiseptic white stretched out for an eternity. “You're kidding, right?” I shouted. “What is this supposed to be? Did I end up in philosopher's heaven?”

My voice didn't echo, but I wanted it to. The vastness shouldn't have existed. Not when I'd been standing there, talking to a divine creature. Just because it wasn't real didn't mean it didn't have to make sense.

“Really? Of all the people I hurt, all the pain and suffering I caused?” I asked, and no reply came. Turning around, nothing so far as my eyes could see, except me.

My muscles shook, infused with my mounting rage.

“So what?”

The air had no scent, no warmth nor cold, no pressure on my skin. Even digging my nails into my skin hurt, but not in a physical way, more like cutting into my consciousness.

“You're telling me I didn't hurt my parents?”

No one replied. Slowly, I turned to look at myself. I had my head bowed and hands together as though praying.

“Praying for what?” I asked, and I didn't reply. “God's forgiveness is easy. You think praying is gonna get mom to forgive you? You think you can pray away the bruises and the stuttering and the nightmares?”

I wanted to hit me.

“Or dad? He didn't deserve that. You should've been the one in that casket. Everyone knows that, everyone thinks that, everyone wanted to tell you every single time you dared show yourself!”

Ending up roaring, I shook my head, trying to displace the anger that felt so out of place, in this place.

“Brian would've ended up in a top university if you hadn't screwed him at every damn opportunity,” I said, stepping closer. “Tearing up his homework for fun, snapping pencils, is that what a brother does? What about what you ended up doing to him?”

I wanted to see the fear in my eyes, but I couldn't, not without lowering myself.

“You're a monster,” I whispered, cold. “And why? Because you found it fun. Because you knew you'd fail if you tried. Because you couldn't handle people not talking about you. Every damn thing about you is disgusting.”

The words had become calm, statements of fact.

“Stacey? She loved you. As twisted as both you and her were, she loved you. And you couldn't handle loving her. You couldn't let anyone have any kind of control over you, because you were afraid she'd hurt you like you hurt everyone.”

And, I couldn't look away, I needed to see if I would flinch.

“She wanted to name him after your father, to try and rebuild the ruins of your life.”

He didn't move, didn't make a sound, and I felt the rage return. Inhuman, animalistic hatred of the thing that stood before me. Because, I knew.

“You're no different to me,” I said, softly. “Nothing matters but you. Right now, you're praying for your own sake. Scum like you doesn't deserve to be here.” After a pause, I added, “Scum like me doesn't deserve to be here.”

I let the words linger on my lips, letting the weight of them settle all the way through me. The truth no one had wanted to tell me since my death. I'd hurt myself the most, because I couldn't go to heaven. An eternity of suffering for me, while the others had an eternity of happiness to erase my scars.

“Or maybe,” I said, thinking aloud. “I'm here because I finally stopped myself from hurting other people any more.”

“No!”

The exclamation deafening, I took a few seconds to regain my thoughts and look at who had spoken. And, it had been me. I had finally looked up.

“No.” A whisper.

“No what?” I asked. “Killing myself didn't make the world a better place? You're mad if you think otherwise. Crazy. More insane than I ever was. At least I knew I was bad, knew I was evil. What does that make you who'd defend me? Or what, are you here as my devil's advocate?”

After saying that, I noticed the tears running down the face. Eyes red as blood.

“We are not evil.”

“Like hell we aren't!” I screamed. “What's worse than knowingly doing terrible things?”

I stepped back as the gap between us closed. “There is no good nor evil, only life.”

“So this is philosopher's heaven,” I replied.

“Do you regret? Do you ache over what you have done? Do you hate yourself with every fibre of your being?”

I clenched my fists. “You know the answer. You're me, after all. Except someone told you all the answers.”

“Tell me! Let me hear it from our own lips!”

“Fine, fine,” I muttered. “I hate myself so much I committed suicide.”

The slap sent me flying for what felt like an eternity, every imagined sensation telling me I'd covered a galaxy worth of distance. “Wrong!” It slammed into my consciousness. “That is wrong!”

I staggered to my feet, unable to think.

“Hate no more killed us than love did! What killed us?”

Barely able to keep from falling, I couldn't think what.

“When you had life left in you, why did you stop?”

And, when put that way, the answer came from my tongue before I could think. “Cowardice.”

The impossibly vast whiteness seemed to contract, and I realised that in front of me, stood me. “When you have life left in you, we can change.”

“Change what?” I asked. “What's done is done. There's no undoing what I've done.”

“But, there is still doing what can be done.”

I stood there, bowing my head. A touch on my shoulder raised me though.

“There will be pain, suffering.” The gap between us became nothing as I was embraced. “But, there will be no regret. Regret is only possible when you have not done everything you can do.”

My cheeks found themselves wet.

And then, unforgettable words. “We can suffer together, in search of peace.”

The light blurred, becoming nothing more than nothingness. Falling, until I'd run out of height to fall, and slammed into the ground bouncing up.

And my eyes open, painful light piercing through, and my body aches something fierce, and a weakness in every muscle, and a haze enshrouds my mind. Seconds or years, I don't know. I inch my head around, and look.

There is no one there praying for me, but me.