>"Night is beginning to fall and the frequent sounds of artillery is slowly getting less frequent. Do you want to rest or is there something else you want to do?"

Peter: "I'd like to clean my lee enfield rifle to keep it in perfect working order and check with the quartermaster to refill some ammo." ROLL

>Alright, you get a regular ammo pack of 40 and your gun seems in fine working condition. 

Robert: "I'm fine, I try to find a nice concealed place in the trenches  and try to sleep lightly in case there's any disturbances." ROLL

>"You find a nice niche that seems a little better guarded than other places." The group was always a bit wary... Jack was thinking. It's not a good sign when Jack was thinking. "Jack do you want to rest too?"

Jack: "I'd like to ready my weapon and sneak up on the enemy."

>"Do you keep the safety on or off for your approach?"

Jack: "No, I mean my sword. I ready my sword and pull it out of its scabbard."

Robert started giggling like a little girl.

"You brought a sword", said Peter, incredulous.

Jack: "A man who goes into battle without his sword isn't properly dressed!"

"I'm so fed up with your shit Jack, I'm going to get some smokes. You'll be dead when I'm back and we'll have to meet yet another character. Thanks a lot, mate."

--------

Thirty minutes passed until Peter was back.

------

He had cooled off a little, but was still wondering if they couldn't start a new campaign without Jack. Maybe not tell him about the next one.

Peter: "So, are you dead yet?"

Jack smiled at Peter. It was unsettling. That guy ain't human, Peter thought.

Robert: "Ha ha ha, you're going to hate this, Peter"

>"He singlehandedly captured 42 German soldiers, he passed every bluff test except 2. But those he managed to pin to the ground until they surrendered. You're awaiting new orders on your next mission."

Peter had to admit: "That sounds pretty impressive. Alright I take back what I said before. You kinda took the glory away from us, but sounds like you did alright. Will you wait for us next time, though?"

Jack: "I put away my sword and grab my bagpipes and start playing throughout the night."

Peter smiled. "What song will you be playing? Something like 'There'll Always Be An England'?"

Jack smiled back at Peter. "No, this one" and he grabbed the bagpipes from behind the couch and started playing.