I step out of the elevator.  Everything looks different, but similar.

I turn on my Discman with a built in AM/FM radio to listen to the game.  I had to work Sunday afternoon because there was an emergency at work.  I want to listen to my Rams.  Good thing we get radio stations from Saint Louis all the way here in New York City.  The year I moved from LA is the year the Rams moved too.  Only I moved a bit further east.  Thank God I can still follow my Rams even though they're now in Saint Louis.  I was bummed about it.  But I still follow them anyway.  And plus, that Marshall Faulk guy they traded for was tearing it up.  Go Rams!

"First and 10 from the Los Angeles Rams 20.  Pat Mahomes is behind center calling the plays".   

Wait, what?  The team just moved from L.A.  I think the broadcaster is sort of slow on the upload, if you get my drift.  

Heh, it might be a rebroadcast of a game from a while back.  And why is the relief pitcher for the New York Mets playing football?  

Something seems weird.   I'm going to step outside and grab a smoke.   I still have a few minutes left on my smoke break.   Hmmm.  I don't have any cigarettes.   I go up to a guy selling cigarettes from his trenchcoat.   

He has one for 10$.  

A single cigarette.  10$.   My break is about to be over soon, so I quickly buy the cigarette out of desperation.   

"Wow" the gentleman said.  "I haven't seen this kind of money in years".  He said as he's looking at my 10 dollar bill.   He gives me 2$ in change, and I quickly pocket the dollars.  I responded "Yeah, I mean 10$ for a cigarette.  You won't see this kind of money ever again, you ballbuster".

"You think these things are cheap?  I only made a 2$ profit off of selling you that cig.  Now beat it, chump", he said.  

I try lighting the cigarette with my lighter, but not without taking one puff to taste that fine flavor....

I feel something in my mouth.  It's kind of moist.

I start coughing.  It's smoke!  But I didn't light the cigarette yet!  

I keep on puffing, but the cigarette isn't going down.  But my break is over soon, so I try to put the cigarette out.   The tip isn't lit.  I the pocket the cigarette in my shirt pocket and I walk into the building.   And the Rams just scored a touchdown!!!  I cheer loudly!  "Woohoo, Go Rams!"   People in the building look at me weird.  The security guard then says "Oh, so you followed the team after the move?"  I then said "Yeah I did, loyalty over location".  The security guard then said "You know, everybody here is a Titans fan now, right?"  He then also said to me "Dude, you can smoke that here.  The ban on E-cigarettes isn't going to be enforced until next year." as he spoke over my earbuds.   

"By the way, you're going love the matchup that's happening on week 12."  he said in a sarcastic tone.  

It's Houston vs Tennessee on Monday Night football.   I wish they'd cancel it already!  They have nothing but snoozers on MNF.  

Wait, what?   Houston IS Tennessee!    And Monday Night Football is usually the best game of the week!   

During the commercial break, every other sentence is "Donald Trump" Why is Donald Trump on TV so much?   It's not like he's the president of the United States or something.   

I feel weird.   

All the TV monitors at work look like those super expensive LCD screens you see at someplace like The Sharper Image or Microcenter.   Wow, they spruced the place up.   

Everybody's looking at their Palm Pilots....  And touching them without using their styluses.  And making phone calls on them.   
It's like I stepped into a time warp.

I'm about to go buy a snack.  Hmm.. 2$ will get me a soda, some chips and maybe a pack of gum from the vending machines.   

A pack of chips costs 1.75$.   Unbelievable.   I then just buy the pack of chips.  Wow, there are so many "vegan" products advertised.   

Dude, veganism's caught on so quickly?   I'll be damned.   I'm just a regular vegetarian and it's hard for me to find veg food anywhere.    

I then head upstairs.  

I hear a somewhat familiar voice.  It's my boss.  Or sort of sounds like him.

"Bill, you're late.  Get up to the office soon or else we'll send you home early."   

"Who are you?  You look like Eric but you're skinnier"

"I'm Eric Shunn II"

You fell into an elevator shaft in 1999.   You sustained massive brain damage.   For the past 20 years, we've been nursing you to health so you'd recover your memories slowly.   Now that you're fully recovered, we'd like to give you a handsome pension package,but not before your last project.   My dad, when he was alive, spent half his paycheck to get you out of your coma.  You recovered 10 years ago, but your memories didn't come back yet.    He thought of you as a little brother.  He died 5 years ago.  I was in charge of letting Uncle Bill recover.   But I have much more selfish reasons in making sure you're alive.  You're the only one here who can program in VB.  Nobody else can do it anymore.

"You mean you're his little squirt? Little Eric?"  I asked.  He then said in a frank tone  "Yeah.   Eric Shunn II."   

"By the way, I have some good news for you.  We knew how much of a Rams fan you were, and how much you missed Southern California. So I'd tell you this outright. 

Since our systems need debugging and updating, and you're one of the last people here who know Visual Basic, I'm going to send you over to LA to do some VB debugging on our legacy systems out there. "   He said in an optimistic chime.  

"But what about my Rams? "   I asked in a worried tone.  "I don't want to be equally as far away from my favorite team.  I used to fly to Saint Louis to see my boys rip it up at least 3 times a year.   I think they might win the division this year.  "  I sputtered.  

"You know those chips cost $1.75, right?" he asked in a sarcastic tone.    

"Check the tail end of the quarter you got back in change." He said in a slightly sarcastic tone.  

"It says Hawaii 2009".   I responded.

"Yeah, that coin is 10 years old. " Eric Jr said.   

"By the way, the Rams are in LA Again, Billy.   So are you.  Congratulations on your recovery.  "  He said in a happy manner.  

