The boy said, "My name's Johnny, and it might be a sin..." He stopped to think for a moment, then his face lit up as he went on. "But I'll take your bet! You're gonna regret-"

"Oh, I'm sure you will," I said, emerging from the forest.

Satan wheeled around and sighed. "Okay, must we do this *every* time?"

I nudged him away from the stump and placed my briefcase there instead. "Must I remind you of Johnson vs Devil?"

Satan sighed. "Robert still whines about that." He waved his hand. "Go on, then, Hilda."

I gave him a wry smirk before turning to the boy. I could already see he was terribly confused. First the devil himself shows up to challenge him to a violin duel, now a woman has shown up wearing a very smart suit. Likely, every woman he's ever known has only owned two or three print dresses and something posh for Sunday. Also likely, every woman he's ever known wouldn't dare to speak before a man.

This had to be blowing his tiny mind.

I opened up my briefcase. "Let's start with the most rudimentary concepts," I said.

"Rudi- whut?" Johnny said.

"Rudimentary," I repeated. "Basic." I took out my laptop; he goggled at it. I opened up the machine and sat down in the grass, which was quite comfortable. "Firstly, can you verify your age?"

"Erm..." He reached for his wallet and produced a driver's license.

I took the card and examined it closely. It was a real license, all right. I copied down his name, address, and birthday.

"Walker John McClendon of Cleveland, Georgia," I muttered as I typed. "According to his you're nineteen years old as of two months ago. Is that correct?"

"Erm, yes. Erm, do y-"

"Mr McClendon, are you married?"

"N-no. Ma'am, I-"

"Any children?"

"Wh- no. Why are you-"

"Here? Because you're about to enter a Faustian Wager, and I want to make sure all parties involved are aware of the implications."

"You wanna *whut*?"

I glanced at him over the laptop. "My job is to make sure you and Satan here..." I gestured lightly with my head toward the literal handsome devil behind me. "...both understand the consequences of your wager. Now, as you are over eighteen, you are, in the eyes of mortal law, an adult and therefore capable of entering into legally-binding contracts. You are also..." I finished saving the document to my hard drive and the cloud. "...allowed to gamble."

"Yes, I know that," Johnny said, looking a little annoyed.

"Good," I said. "Now, if I understand correctly, Satan here has challenged you to a musical duel. The instrument of choice is violins. If you win the challenge Satan has agreed to give you this violin..." I waved my hand at the shining, stringed wooden instrument. "...to do with as you please. It is made of pure gold and quite heavy. Pick it up, see for yourself."

Johnny hesitated before reaching for the violin. He grunted a little and ended up merely lifting the neck a few inches. Satisfied, he nodded to me and I resumed my work on the contract.

"Excellent," I said, tapping away. "Now, should you lose the wager, you agree that upon your exit from this mortal coil you will relinquish your immortal soul to Satan, to do with as he pleases. This includes building his army, turning you into a demon, or shoving pineapples up your ass every Tuesday for all eternity."

Johnny squirmed a little at the remark about pineapples. I heard a heavy sigh and felt Satan tap me on the shoulder.

"Hilda, could I see you for a moment?"

I motioned for Johnny to walk away. He wandered to the shade of an ancient oak to light up a cigarette. Satan sat down beside me, scowling.

"Hilda, you know I'm not really going to take his soul," he said. "I'm just fucking with the kid, trying to teach him a lesson. I'm the Morning Star, the Light-Bearer, for fuck's sake!"

"You claimed his soul as part of the wager," I reminded him. "You went so far as to say it in verse. You knew what you were doing."

"Did I take Robert Johnson's soul?" he said.

I rolled my eyes. "No. But you could have."

"I know I could have," Satan said. "I could have done a lot of things. You know I don't give a damn about that poor boy's soul."

"I know, I know," I said, tapping away again. "But I still want all this in writing."

Satan shook his head and rose from the grass. I saw him pick up his own fiddle and tune it carefully. I called Johnny back and asked him, "So, do you understand what's at stake here?"

Johnny crushed his cigarette into the dirt with his shoe. "The devil done challenged me to a duel," he said. "We gone play our fiddles to see who's better, me or him. If I win, I get that there golden violin and I can do what I like with it. If he wins - which he won't..." Johnny inclined his head to Satan, who returned the gesture. "...then he gets my soul when I die." Johnny turned back to me. "Yeah, I know what's at stake. And I accept."

I nodded slowly. "Very well. The contest shall be judged by four impartial spectators." And as I spoke their names each being appeared before us. "Charlie Daniels, Archangel Raphael, Wolfgang Mozart, and the Holy Ghost."

"Oooh, holy ghost, *holy ghost!*" moaned the Holy Ghost, who had gone to the trouble of donning a faded floral sheet.

Satan groaned and whipped the sheet off. "Holy Ghost, this isn't an episode of *Scooby Doo*," he snapped.

I watched the semi-translucent form of the Holy Ghost give him the ethereal finger. Charlie Daniels laughed and Mozart asked, "*Muss ich hier sein?*"

"Yes, you need to be here," I said, and Mozart groaned audibly. "You can go back to haunting Salzburg musicians when we're done here."

"Actually, he was following young Austrian college girls around," Archangel Raphael said, "and ogling them as they undressed."

"I'm honestly not surprised," I said after Charlie Daniels was done guffawing, and while Archangel Raphael glowered at the composer. The Holy Ghost tried to put the sheet back on and spook Johnny, who was staring at it and muttering, "Ain't that my momma's mu-mu?"

"Okay, I think we have everything ready," I said, saving the document one last time. I folded over the laptop to make it into a tablet and held up a stylus. "Who wants to sign first?"

Satan took the stylus and scribbled several of his names into the device. He tapped 'Save'. I watched Johnny take the stylus and hesitantly sign his full name as well. I snatched the stylus back, saved the document, folded up the laptop, pushed it into my briefcase, and snapped it shut.

"Well, this has been fun," I said, and rose from the grass as well. "You gentlemen have fun with your little wager."

Satan held his hands up. "What the shit, Hilda? You're gonna go through all that and not stick around for the contest?"

"You know I'm not into bluegrass," I reminded him. I watched his shoulders slump and felt a twinge of sorrow for the poor devil. "Oh, all right. But as soon as you're done, you're taking me out to dinner in Atlanta."

Satan's face lit up and he clicked his fingers. A violin and bow appeared in his hands. "You wanna go back to Kaffenio?" he asked. "I'm in the mood for Greek."

I sat down on the stump patiently. "You're pansexual," I said. "You're always up for Greek. Now get going, and get your little demon band to back you up. It's been two hundred years since you played. You could use the support."

Johnny suddenly looked much more confident. Satan gave me a reproachful look. Fire flew from his fingertips as he rosined up his bow. He dragged the bow across the strings and it gave an evil hiss. Then he summoned his buddies to back him up, and as they began to play Charlie Daniels gave a grunt of approval.