The young man walked quietly into my office. Well, save for the part where the doorknob broke in his hand. He gave me a downtrodden look, and sighed an apology.

 "That ALWAYS happens." He muttered.

 "Poor control super strength?" I inquired.

 "I wish it were that good."

 "Well, take a seat and talk to me." I said, nodding to the chair in front of my desk.

 He closed his eyes and stood still for a moment, taking a deep breath. Then, he walked towards the chair... Tripping immediately on the carpet. The doorknob flew from his grasp, bouncing about the room and causing a surprising amount of destruction. He groaned and got up, muttering another apology before taking a seat in the chair, which miraculously didn't break.

 I looked around my ruined office, broken shelves, knicknacks, and papers strewn about, and started writing on his form.

 "Ah, so your power is extreme accident prone-ness and the ability to break things. That's quite a powerful, if not troublesome, combo." I said calmly, scratching down notes on his paper as I spoke.

 "Yes. Is there anyway you can help me out? It's impossible to live like this," the boy plead. "Just in the past month since my powers have awakened I've caused thousands of dollars in damages and put my parents in debt for years to come! I took my little brother to the playground and watched it fall apart around us for christ's sake!"

 I considered the problem for a moment. "Well, I have a couple of options. You won't like them." I stated.

 "I am willing to try anything." He whispered.

 "Well, with powers like that, you'll likely spend your days in a bubblewrap house. The only jobs you'll get short of demolition are either covert sabotage... Or, you could become a Protagonist." I said flatly.

 "Me!? A PROTAGONIST!?? Surely, you must be joking!" The boy stammered, his face becoming flushed as the chair broke underneath him from the sudden outburst.

 He got up and dusted himself off. "The Protagonists are highly trained professional heroes only called in for the toughest crises! There is no way they'd have a loser like me!" He continued.

 I held up a hand to silence him. "Perhaps you may think so, but to be quite frank, your power is incredibly strong. Just think of how much havok you could wreak against a supervillain's base, or an invading alien's space craft! Why, just look at that!" I pointed to the floor, which was rapidly cracking from where he stood.

 The boys downtrodden face had a small glimmer of hope on it now, and he looked at me with teary eyes. He merely nodded at me.

 "Welp, that decides it then." I said, scratching my signature on the paperwork for his referal to the Protagonists Guild and handing it to him. Perhaps I should also send them an email in case that copy was destroyed, I thought.

 "Thank you!" The boy exclaimed, clutching the paper tightly and reaching his free hand out to shake mine. "I'll never forget what y-"

 His thanks was cut short by the floor falling apart beneath his feet. I looked down into the office below and saw him sprawled on a desk. "Good luck!" I shouted down to his beaming face.

 He waved and ran off, tripping a few times and breaking all the doorknobs. What a menace. I love my job. I smiled to myself and grabbed my office phone.

 "Hey, Matt? Yeah, I'm done with my 3 o' clock.  Could you please have the janitor stop by and fix up my office with Quantum Rewind before I get my 4pm in? Uh-huh, thanks." 