The constable was looking at endless boxes with cards. Old cards with holes in them. "They're in the wrong order!" The smart ass school kid had written the entire genetic code in old fashioned IBM boxes. The only way to set them right was to find the line that put them into place. "Clever...very clever" no fancy NSA machinery could brute-force manually. And neither could they.  
"We need the key. The right order, in the right line" Without it they would never get the ice worms for industrial purposes. Behind him stood the security guard. "... come on! Come on" the Mesenchytraeus was gently floating around in it's pressurised cell the guard was holding. Originally appearing on the methane clathrates at the bottom of the ocean floor this species was hard to get. Alive that is. This was the only modified specimen left. Iceworms large enough to harvest methane. Especially now the Saudi Prince has made the oil price soar again the government was desperately after anything that could severe the lines attached to him. This dependency would end and the prince could no longer treat the West like a punching bag.
If only they could find that pesky school kid. And his line. "Okay, get in the car" the Constable said. "What car?" said the guard. "The one you were supposed to fix?". The guard sighed. "I lied about the wheels". "You what!?" "I though this would end it all?"  
The Constable turned into the Pinnacle. He chewed on a chili but before the spice got to him he was staring into the sunlight. He was the Pinnacle. "Cut the line!" someone yelled at him in a foreign language. "What? I..." he was holding a knife. They were standing on a high plateau. Around them looming Aztec ziggurats were simmering in the sun. The heat, the humidity, and the noise! The awful noise of the crowd below. Screaming, chanting, endless drums. "CUT THE LINE" he was holding an elderly lady. She was naked. "Do it, it's alright. I will greet the rainy meadows." above her matured breasts was a clear line. "Cut it, then punch your hand into her ribcage and draw out her heart! The gods will feast!" "I...I can't? Who am I?" "You are the Pinnacle! Let the gods feast!"  
"Well?" The school kids was sitting in the chair in front of him. The inventor of the ice worms that would save the world. "...you! You have the line!" "Yes" said the kid. "Give it! Give it! This world is breaking down! The prince in his palace has gone all abstract!"  
"First a riddle" giggled the child. "Will you promise me to give me the line?" "Of course" shrugged the child. "Then ask away! Please!"   
"If you remember where you are, and why you are here, what this ultimately is, then what's the one thing that you've been claiming to be missing all this time?" The Pinnacle turned back into the Constable. The gods would have to wait. The world was in peril of the prince in his palace.  
"Tick...tock..." hummed the child melodically. "I..."  
I'll ask it one more time.  
"What's the one thing that's missing?"  