Often do I walk through the Valley, a local seaside park carrying the ocean breeze that breathes new life in my busy weeks.  Most who tread here are locals that I see on a weekly basis, kids playing, people jogging, the lot.  

However, to my surprise, I noticed a figure over a short distance with silken black hair flowing in the wind.  She was in a tight black dress that showed off her impressive figure.  It was a V neck, it didn't reveal much but just enough to make you wanting more.  The lady was thin, not like the model thin, but exercises diligently with a slight emphasis on a bit of muscle over fat and bones.  Natural bosoms that were sizeable but not the kind you smother your head in, you can do that at your local strip bar.  

This stunning goddess turned to face me as I walked closer drawn in by her beauty.  She gazed at me with her alluring light blue eyes and a gentle smirk on her porcelain face.  I don't know what was more distracting, her full lips with a crimson color, or her eyes that draw me in like the depths of eternity.  

I couldn't help but stand and lean on the railings next to her as she rested her arms on the cold bars not a feet away from me.  The thought that I was in such close proximity was intoxicating.  I thought my heart would beat like I was running a marathon but for some odd reason but it was as calm as the sea we were right next to, perhaps I was simply too mesmerized.  

Both men and women were avoiding her, I can understand that, most people would put an exquisite beauty like her on a pedestal if not thinking she was some foreign celebrity.  But I was too distracted to care about what others did at that point.

 I don’t know what got into me, I usually don’t do something like this, but what the hell.
"You're not from around here are you miss?"  I said. 

She looked at me like I told her some lame joke and gave me a giant smile showing off her perfect teeth and said, "I'm from everywhere." 

Raising an eyebrow was almost reflex with an answer like that, she replied with something so playful and mysterious at the same time that it got me craving for more.  

“I’m Louis, what might I call you by?”  
What might I call you by?  What kind of idiot way is that to ask a lady her name.   I guess it’s true, we become superbly stupid before absolute beauty.  

She leaned her face over to mine, It was like electricity running through me as her skin slightly touched mine, it was ice cold but smoother than anything I had experienced in my life.  If I died being held by her arms I would die a  happy man.  

“Death, and I would gladly embrace you upon your deathbed,” she whispered into my ear.  

What?  Was I that predictable?   And she wants me to call her death?  The word confusion does not begin to describe how I feel and look right now.  

Death only smiled at me, as if telling me how naive I was.  

“Yes, it’s true, I am Death.  I have other names too you know, Pluto, Osirus, Hades, Thanatos, Hel, and many more, so call me whichever you like.” 

I couldn’t even fathom the sort of joke she just tried to pull on me.  She must really be not interested for her to tell me something so ludicrous.  Quite honestly I wasn’t sure to laugh or to feel sorry for being led on so easily at this point.  Maybe she was just insanely bored and I was a mere victim lucky enough to catch her attention.  

As if on cue she gave out a hearty laugh after I finished my thoughts, I was pretty certain she was laughing and mocking at me at this point.  She then slid her fingertips from my throat to my chin and almost passively forcing me to look at her in the eye.

“People see me as what they think I am, you know, Death.  The people walking away from me are likely thinking they are looking at someone playing dress up here.  One is seeing me in a thick black hooded cloth with scythe to your throat, others are seeing me with a dog head and a human body, while some may think of me as some headless horseman.”

“But you,” she smirked, “you see me as this, do you have some infatuation with me?”  

Before I could even process what she just said I felt the temperature dropped significantly to the point where I could see my own breath.  It was a deathly chill to the core for a mere fraction of time and left an afterimage of a skeleton where once a fine lady stood, then even that faded quickly.  

Am I going crazy? 