Credit to the [/u/TheHiGuy](https://www.reddit.com/user/TheHiGuy) and the movie Zulu for the inspiration, specifically [the final battle](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nQrE8vOM0ss).

\- \- \- \- \-

"Are you ready to finally get your British arse handed to you?" Dabu sneered at Chard and Bromhead. Trailing his cousin into the room, kaMapitha shook his head at his cousin's brashness.

"Mate, come on," said Bromhead. "You attacked us with...how many was it? 4,000?" He turned to Chard, who grinned and nodded. "4,000 zulu warriors, mate," Bromhead continued. "Four. Thousand! We wiped out *half* your troops last night, while you killed...how many of ours was it, Chard, mate?" He turned back to Chard, laughing.

"Maybe if your boys had learned to use those rifles or shoot a little straighter," Chard goaded the youngest member of their gaming group, "you might have killed more than just 5 of our men. Or, you know, maybe those spears your men love so much? Maybe if you'd learned to, I don't know, *throw* them? Maybe we wouldn't have had to come back today to finish this off?"

"Bah! Let us just get this over with!" growled Dabu.

kaMa tried to take his cousin aside to discuss strategies before the battle resumed, but the younger man just pushed him away.

"I am here to fight, not talk!" Dabu growled.

kaMa shook his head sadly, closed his mouth, and sat down a little way from his cousin.

"I believe I have the initiative," said Dabu, a statement more than a question. "Before I attack, my men are going to sing a war chant that will break your men's spirit." He grabbed a handful of dice and rolled them across the table. "Ha ha! That is minus three to your army's morale!"

Chard laughed. "About that," he said. "Our regiment just happens to have a bard, and the Welsh are natural singers to boot, so we're going to sing a little ditty of our own in return." He picked up the dice, rolled them, and Bromhead began laughing when he saw the result. "Ooh, how 'bout that, Brom," Chard said. "Looks like that not only negates old Dabu's minus three, but it actually bumps our morale *up* another four points. Our boys might be outnumbered, Dabu, *mate*," Chard's voice dripped with sarcasm as he pronounced the last word, turning it from a term of endearment into an insult. "But we're not outgunned, and we're not out of this fight, not by a long shot."

"You do whatever you want!" Dabu shouted. "This changes nothing! My men are ready to attack, and I will charge down the hill with...Shut up, kaMa! I do not want to listen to you! My men charge and attack! We will wipe you out this time!"

Dabu rolled for movement but came up short, leaving his men out in the open and within range of the British rifles.

"I think that calls for a round of volley fire from my chaps," said Bromhead, and Chard nodded in agreement. Bromhead gathered up a large handful of dice, rolled, then both he and Chard winced at the large number of 5s and 6s that came up.

"That's going to hurt, Dabu," said Chard. "That's..." he quickly counted up the successful rolls. "Ouch! That's *more* than enough to break your charge. No overrunning us this round, I'm afraid. Now for the hand\-to\-hand phase." Chard gathered up the dice, and rolled a lot more 5s and 6s with several 4s for good measure.

"My men have shields, so we can roll to save against 4s!" countered Dabu eagerly. As he grabbed the dice showing 4s he tried to palm a few others as well to help pad his roll, but it wasn't the first time he'd tried such a tactic and Chard was ready for him.

"I only rolled five 4s, by the way, Dabu. There's a good chap," said Chard.

"I do not know what you are talking about," huffed Dabu indignantly, trying to slip the extra dice out of his hand unnoticed. But unable to confirm the number of dice he still held without looking he was forced to open his hand and count in front of the others.

Bromhead laughed. "One too many there, old chap!" he said.

Dabu glared at him before setting the extra dice aside. "That was an honest mistake," he said. "I was not cheating. It could have happened to anyone."

"Yes, but it didn't happen to anyone, it happened *to you*," laughed Chard. He laughed even harder when Dabu tossed the dice onto the table and rolled nothing but 1s and 2s. "No saves for you, Dabu," he said. "That means we win this round of combat, and as *you* charged *us*, we get to retreat without suffering a penalty. Right, Brom'?"

"That we do, Chard, old mate," Bromhead said. "Now, we're going to make a fighting retreat, we'll regroup...here. Then our men will form up into three separate squads. One here, one behind them here, and the third behind those two up there."

"What...what are you doing?" Dabu asked, incredulously. "What is this?"

kaMa could only look on in amazement.

"Shooting phase?" said Chard.

"Shooting phase," nodded Bromhead. "But only the first unit. The second and third units will hold their fire this round."

"What are you doing?!" yelled Dabu. "Fight me! Fight my men, you cowards!"

"Oh, we are fighting," said Chard.

"Front unit...Fire!" yelled Bromhead, rolling a bunch of dice and chuckling at the result. At close range he only needed 4s or better to inflict casualties, and almost two thirds of the dice had come up 4s, 5s, and 6s.

"Noo!" screamed Dabu, as all of his units inside the British compound fell. The sandbag\-reinforced wall surrounding the encampment meant he couldn't use a charge tactic to close the distance to the British troops, while his men would also use up their entire movement phase just to climb the high wall. But he also figured that with the British troops having to wait 2 turns to reload their single\-shot Martini\-Henry rifles, his men should still have time to get over the wall and engage the British in hand\-to\-hand before they could reload. He sent another unit over the wall.

"Second unit...fire," yelled Chard, rolling a stack of dice.

"What?! But...you cannot?!" protested Dabu. "You must wait to reload first!"

"That unit didn't fire during the last round, Dabu, old mate," said Bromhead. "Only my front unit did. That second unit still gets to fire this round."

"Bah! I still outnumber you ten\-to\-one!" he growled. "I will defeat you! My men will continue over the wall!"

"Third unit...fire," yelled Bromhead.

"What?! NO! This is not fair! How can you shoot?!" screamed Dabu.

"Having trouble counting, Dabu?" asked Chard, pleasantly. "Three units, see? One, two, and three. Front unit fires, second unit fires, third unit fires, and now the front unit has reloaded so they can fire again. Care to send some more men over the wall?"

"I...I...I..." Dabu sat down, defeated. "I am defeated. I yield," he said, quietly, as kaMa put his arm over his young cousin's shoulders. Then, straightening up, he looked his cousin in the eyes, and as if an unspoken question had been asked, kaMa nodded at the younger man, then the two men stood up and began singing for Chard and Bromhead.

"What are you...are you...mocking us?" asked Bromhead, in disbelief.

kaMa shook his head and laughed. "Oh no," he said, "you could not be any more wrong. With this song we salute fellow braves."