"Why don't you draw a picture?" I said, faking a smile and handing the girl a piece of printer paper.

I watched her drag the pen across the sheet, utensil gripped tight in her fist. The crude scribbling took shape. Hollow dead eyes slowly took form. The rest of his face looked like a circular mask melted onto his head. The rest of the slender body she scribbled in black, not even asking for colors. I began to take the picture from her.

"Wait," she half-yelled.

I let go of my grip. She quickly scribbled out a long stick in his pointy hand. 

"What's that?" I asked, concerned at the jagged point on the end.

"His spear," She beamed, "It's for the whales."

"The whales?" I asked. 

"Mhm," She answered. The other kids mentioned the spear, but whales were new. I couldn't risk putting them on medication and losing the lead. 

"When you have these dreams," I continued, "Are you in the ocean?"

She looked up and stopped kicking her legs against the plush chair. 

"No" She frowned.

I asked her to explain. She went on the describe a cold place that made her feel dizzy. As she started on the whales, the girl grabbed her stomach. *Conveniently*, her tummy was hurting and she needed a blanket. I stepped outside to get her parents.

"I'm sorry," I started stepping in the halls, "She seems to have a cold"

"Did you help with her,- uh, friend?" Her mother asked. 

"She got her stomach ache as she was describing him" I explained.

"So another appointment" Her father mumbled, pulling out his checkbook. I grimaced at the response. He wasn't wrong, these kids were raking in money. But this wasn't some rumor or myth spreading. Half these kids aren't even in the same school district. 

"Thank you, miss." Her mother said as I walked her daughter into the lobby.

As I walked back down to my office I checked the mirror. Loose bags were starting to form under my eyes, my brown hair unbrushed since last night. I patted it down and went back to my desk. She had left the paper on her chair. I grabbed it and placed the page with the twelve others. Each one bearing more striking resemblance than the other. The room started to slowly cool. I could feel a dozen eyes tracing around my back. A shadow in the corner. I spun around the chair. A whale's tooth sat across the plush chair, still warm.

