"No Cissy, you don't get it" I sigh into the mouthpiece of my phone...an hour and a half and we were still at the same place we started. "It's not like I MEAN to keep painting them, it just...I don't know...it just happens. If I could stop I would, but I can't." I could barely hear her angry retort over the buzzing that began to fill my ears. Not now, of all times, please NOT NOW. 

My eyes slam shut, my vision fades, and I hit the ground. Lord knows how long it will last this time. 

This had always been my lot in life. I'd black out for a few hours then wake up covered in paints of various shades (and a visual masterpiece on the table).The doctors had run more tests than you would think humanly possible, and yet they still couldn't figure it out. Eventually I just learned to accept it, and had even turned my condition into a middling art career (my gallery WAS picking up after all). 

The irony of the whole thing was that during my conscious hours I could barely draw stick figures. Without my bouts of blacked out genius I would have never been able to fill a gallery and sell to discerning critics...in short, without my condition I had no job...and therein lies the problem.

It all started last month when I woke up from one of my usual fainting fancies to find a group portrait on the table. This wasn't completely uncommon, but it also wasn't exactly what one might call "shop worthy" material. Instead of a regal portrait of 18th century royalty or a happy modern family playing in the park, what greeted me was a group portrait of the band Nickleback, with Chad Kroeger's stupid face dead center....

I laughed it off as an abnormality at first, just a quirk from the stress, and chucked Mr. Kroeger and company in the dumpster before anyone could see. Then it was off to the gallery empty handed. Sure I couldn't add any new work today, but I had a bit of back stock, so I wasn't phased....at least not until my next episode.

The following morning I woke up to ANOTHER portrait of everyone's favorite rock band...this time though...I'm sorry but this is hard to...hard to...hard to to think about...but this time they weren't wearing shirts. I have never been so horrified.

Over the ensuing weeks things have only gotten worse...each ensuring picture douchier than the next! Chad Kroeger wearing skull earrings, Chad Kroeger wearing ripped jeans, Chad Kroeger holding a can of axe body spray, Chad Kroeger playing guitar on a college quad, Chad Kroeger drinking natty ice...I CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE! My gallery is on the verge of collapse and I have no money to pay the rent...YOU HAVE RUINED ME CHAD KROEGER 

My eyes slowly flutter open, I'm lying naked on my bed, Cissy's voice still fluttering out of my phone, I'm covered in paint, and holding a dirty brush. I look up at my easel and the tears begin to flow....Chad Kroeger talking on speaker phone in a crowded train....NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO