"New York. 2070. You're gonna meat a man in a bar. He'll be wearing a black trilby and an overcoat that's gonna look way too warm for June, even in New York. Tell him to explain it to you."

Just over fifty years later, and the words still stuck with me. I'd been in Virginia at the time, in a small town I didn't remember the name of working a job I couldn't remember the details of. But I remembered him, that wild-haired young man with the brightest green eyes I'd ever seen talking to me like I was an old friend he'd been desperately missing. 

To the letter, I could still remember exactly what he said to me which had always amazed me. On a given day, I might not remember my anniversary, but I could damn well tell you that I was supposed to be on the lookout for a man who fancied hats from the twenties and dressed too warmly for the time of year.

I'd bored and irritated and annoyed family members to death with the anecdote for years. My wife was convinced at this point that the man had been a raving lunatic or a prankster and my kids, when they bothered to listen to me tell it, were quite convinced I was making it up. But I wasn't, and I was fairly certain he had not been a madman or a lunatic. There was something about him. Something compelling. Maybe it was hindsight, but looking back I could sense the air of a friend around him. Like someone I'd known for a long time but never before met.

52 years I'd carried those words with me in my heart and mind. I wasn't quite sure what to do with them - well, that wasn't true. I was evidently meant to give them to a man I'd meet in New York in 2070, but there was a lot of downtime between me and 2070, so by and large I was left to twiddle my thumbs. And that was what it always felt like. Work, marriage, family, partying, sex. All of it just seemed like the filler in a sandwhich that started in a rundown café - yes! that was the job - in 2018 and ended in a New York bar in 2070.

Once, I told my wife that during an argument. She didn't speak to me for three weeks and still occasionally brought it up when she was particularly miffed at me. But when the day had come around - January 1st, 2070, that is - she was gungho to get me on the first plane to New York. 

"Be done with it!" she cried. "37 years I've been listening to you babble about that stupid little speech. Go and get it over with!"

It took me longer than I'd like to admit to figure out exactly when I  was meant to head north to the Big Apple. It's like a riddle. The answer is usually right in front of you, but you're thinking too hard to see it. "June". He'd said it, himself, but I was halfway to planning  a trip in May when the thought hit me. But when in June? That was still thirty days. Was I to spend the entire month there, crawling through every bar in the city?

"Pick a day!" my wife implored. "What, he can specify when and where but not trust you enough to pick the day right!? What does it matter!?"

There was sense in that, so I picked June 17th and booked a flight on the 16th with a return on the 18th. I'd be right or I could put the matter to bed once and for all. But, as it turned out, I was perfectly right. For, at exactly 1:09 PM in the afternoon, I sat myself across from an exceptionally broad shouldered gentleman in a shiny black trilby and a coat that must have been secretly melting him.

He looked up from his book - an old classic - and raised an expectant eyebrow at me.

"My name is Joshua Tailfort," I told him. I wasn't sure exactly what tone of voice to use, so I'm sure it came out fairly nervous and unimpressive. "I'm supposed to tell you to 'explain it to me'."

There was no hesitation in the man's actions. Instantaneously, he threw his book down upon the table and gripped tightly to the bridge of his nose. "My God!" he cried. "How long have you been waiting!?"

"I-"

"Time Travelers!" he exclaimed angrily. "Literal bastards. Too nice of them to just ask me to find you a little early, they've got to make you wait only God knows how long."

"I'm not sure I understand."

He rolled his eyes at me. "Of course you don't. But that's not your fault. Bastard only gave you a cryptic message instead of explaining anything. Alright," he turned to look me properly in the eye. "Joshua Tailfort? Joshua's good. Old sounding. It'll give you some cred until you've earned your own."

"Cred?" The word felt funny on my tongue. That was what kids back in my day had said. It hadn't been around for long and wasn't ever used now. "For what?"

"Right," he leaned back in his chair. "Some explanations. You're immortal. That prick you met who gave you that message is a Time Traveler, and I'm meant to instruct you on all of it. Any questions?"