I took off my glasses, set them on the nightstand, and leaned across to turn off the lamp. Ashes was laying on my feet purring, and playfully nipped at my toes as I wiggled back under the covers. 

"Ow! Goodnight crazy, it's night night time little one" I told him in baby talk. I was exhausted, my body was sore from the 14 hour shift and I was ready for my 4 day weekend. I quickly started drifting off, still feeling the vibrations of Ashes' sleepy purrs. I took one last big yawn before dozing off and suddenly-

The room was bright! My initial thought was that the lamp in the center of my ceiling somehow flicked on, but when I opened my eyes the sun burned into my retinas. 

"What the heck!" My hands reflexively shot over my eyes, and I could feel my right elbow hit something fuzzy that gave out a yowl. Oh no, Ashes? Using my left hand as a visor I opened my eyes again and let them slowly adjust as I looked to my right. Something fuzzy... Not Ashes' puffy blue-grey fur, but rather a large ginger maine coon was curled up next to me. The creature's gaze pierced mine, then broke eye contact to proceed grooming it's long chest hairs.

What is going on? I looked up from the strange feline and realized I was no longer laying in a bed, but rather on a wicker chaise lounge in the middle of a brightly lit beach. There were others, some sat on their lounges looking around as confused as I was, others milled around frantic. Looking down, my Hanes boxer briefs had been replaced with Calvin Klein swim trunks. My pale 22 year old body, toned from the last year of working at the warehouse, had also been replaced- by a sunburned potbelly and some black and grey chest hair. To my left was a small stone table with two glasses of wine. On the other side of that, a woman in her mid 30s, probably 15-20 years younger than the body i was currently in. She admired her own perfectly tanned, bikini clad body, tears streaming down her face.

"Dear Lord and savior, you have answered my prayers. Thank you Lord Jesus thank you!" She yelled to the heavens.

"What the hell is going on?!" I asked her frantically.

"Watch your mouth," She snapped at me. Although her voice sounded soft and melodic, her tone reminded me of my grandmother scolding me. "The Lord Jesus has answered my prayers, I'm young and beautiful again! I've been given a second chance, without my horrible husband to hold me back!" She jumped up, testing her hip and knee joints and she danced jerkily in the sand. 

Looking around, I seemed to be at some type of resort in Asia. Most of the people were dressed in expensive designer beach wear.  I heard a mix of languages being said and yelled. I got up from my chaise lounge, I needed to find out exactly where I was, and I needed to know if Ashes was okay.

Ashes, thinking of my own fur baby made me think of the maine coon that had greeted me to this new world. Someone is probably just as worried about him. I turned back and saw the enormous feline still snoozing safely, indifferent to the crying and screaming going on around. A lady in a resort employee uniform had run up to the chaise lounge.

"Kitti!" she screamed, and started petting him way too hard. I ran back to stop her before she scared him away, and spotted a blue canvas tote behind the lounge. The woman continued to speak what I believe was Russian, but in a way that made me realize she must only be a few years old. I dug through the tote bag as she coo'd over the large cat, that thankfully stayed calm.

A tee shirt, a women's black lace bathing suit cover (tossed that over to the  tanned woman who was now doing cartwheels and jumping jacks) sunblock, swim goggles... come on I need something helpful... Ah ha! at the bottom of the bag three cell phones, and 2 hotel key cards. I tried the phones, only one was unlocked. Bingo. I dialed my home phone number. No answer. I tried again.

"Bonjour?"

"Hello, yes!" I exclaimed, "Are you at my house, is my cat still there?" I begged to know. The voice on the other end was confused, and slow. I desperately racked my brains for high school french class. "chat. mon chat à la maison" Is my cat home, I asked.

"Oui," thank goodness. I stammered out something along the lines of "good cat is home, thank you, cat safe" when one of the other phones started ringing. 

Shiny new iPhone, I slid to answer the call and was bombarded by a language I didn't understand. 

"Uhh, English" I tried to tell the frantic man. In a thick German accent he begged "My wife, is she there? Is she safe?" I explained that his wife's body was here, but now piloted by a very religious older woman. I told him the cat was also here, news that brought him joy. I was about to ask him what I should do with his fur baby when the line suddenly went silent, followed by a familiar piercing electronic tone. The sound played out of all three phones, as well as stereos and any other kind of speaker in the area. The message read in several different languages before it got to English. After each reading the people who understood would start screaming, running, crying.

"People of earth, we mean no harm. What you are experiencing is a minor malfunction of our telepsychosocio-communications technology, if everyone would remain calm, with your cooperation this can be easily reversed."

That's when all hell really broke loose.
