I stared down at the scythe, then up to the man's face, then cast my eyes back down again.

Down towards the scythe, proffered expectantly towards me by a suspiciously thin and bony hand.
I upgrade my stare into a glare, and focus the entirety of my lackluster inquisitive powers on the shadows hiding the hooded figure's face from sight.

The figure shuffles nervously under my intense scrutiny. Hesitantly, he brings his free hand, covered in a *choice* plaid mitten, up to his mouth and does an awkward little rattling cough, as if to clear the air. 

I can't see his face, but *somehow* I can somehow tell that he's trying for a hesitant smile. It might've had a little bit to do with the way his dark cloak fluttered around his svelte figure, whipped and twirled around by the wind.

Say whatever else you want about the man, but the fucker's got a damn cheery cloak.

I look back down at the scythe, still held in the man's unwavering grip.
He gives it an enticing little wiggle.

I clear my throat and stand tall. The man leans in attentively.

I purse my lips and speak clearly, eloquently, and with as much gravitas that six years of Debate Club could give me.

"Nah man, fuck that. You're a motherfuckin skeleton aren't you?"

The scythe falls from his be-mittened hand and clunks sheepishly to the snow-covered ground below with a quiet *whumpf*. 

"Oh, um, no! I have like, so much flesh and stuff. I love doing the uh, sex? With my very soft and non-bone-like human genitals?" he said, his tone changing the statement into an almost-question.

I tap the flat end of the scythe with my foot before stepping over it and into the man's personal space before he can react, giving him a swift poke in the ribs. 

My fingers pass right through the threadbare fabric of the robes and into a dangling empty space within the dude's torso.
He has the decency to look at least semi-abashed as I step backwards and stare pointedly at his chest.

I tighten the scarf around my neck and scratch idly at the itchy little niche where my eye met my nose, "Man, you need to go eat a McRib or something and quit tryna hoist your work off to random passersby, you Grim Reaper-lookin ass mothafucka."

Briskly, I push past him and keep walking. He clatters slightly as I push my way past him, and I hear more clattering as he rushes to catch up to me.

"Wait! *huff* Please!*huff* It's *huff* not *huff* like *huff* that." he said, panting slightly as he struggled to keep my pace.

I stop abruptly and turn towards him, throwing up my hands "Oh really now? Well, what else would you call this, huh?", I walk an angry circle and continue ranting, "Why me? Why do I have to go around stabbing random people with a scythe? Why don't I have a soul?"

He attempts to stop, but slides clumsily forwards on the icy street, and flails his arms wildly before toppling to the ground.
He rises slowly to his bony knees and flips back his hood to reveal ivory white bone beneath and the green flames burning within two hollow eye-sockets.

"* **BECAUSE, ONLY THOSE WHO LACK SOMETHING TRULY UNDERSTAND IT'S VALUE.** *"