“Siri, send me in.”

Absolutely infinite. That is the world I’m living in. Filled with fascinating and complex creatures; some are menacing and some are beautiful. It is an endless world there for you to explore, with no danger and no pain; just play. I’m always being praised by humanity for saving the universe again and again and again; therefore I’m always loved, always accepted, and all my actions are always considered to be for the greater good. Fearlessly battling the strongest of foes and wild beasts; always ending up victorious. My eyes are constantly enveloped by the hundreds of enthralling environments, thus causing my mind to overflow with ecstasy and pleasure. 

That is until I take the VR headset off. Separating my pleasure reward system from the vacuous world of pixels, to wake up to the same robot. He is always holding the same captivating smile. It's his eyes I think, drawing me in. I don't remember programming them like this when I was working at Apple. However, I do remember programming them to learn the ability to program and innovate...
Well, they definitely didn’t innovate this room. It’s disgusting. At least compared to the beauty in the VR headset. No design, no beauty, just nothingness. No objects, just white floors and walls. What’s the point in creating a room that’s not stimulating? At least the food that the robots give me tastes great. I don’t even have to get up for anything! Absolute bliss. False. 

I've been sitting in this chair for as long as I can remember. At first humanity thought it would be incredible being able to relax blissfully for eternity, without anxiety and without any sort of pain; just bliss. This is Heaven, right? It is. But, then I slowly realize that the only way to get to Heaven is through death, and as I have become conscious over the way myself and everyone else have been living, I have begun to realize that this way of life is death. It is the most absolute form of unconsciousness, thus making humanity officially extinct. We have been defeated by the AI. Not through war, but through self-sabotage. We were already thoroughly addicted to stimulation in 2017, but now this is a whole other level of insanity. All drugs, like cocaine, heroin and even meth, are all legal. In fact, they are not just legal, the AI serve it to us on a silver platter; we don’t even have to move a single muscle a single millimetre, to get it and thus bliss the fuck out.

This way of life sometimes makes me depressed and doubtful though, I mean what am I? Am I still human? Can I honestly still call myself a human? I’m living a brain dead life, volunteering to be treated like livestock. Day after day, being filled with junk food that is smothered and infested with fructose, grease and nicotine. Served to me by my masters, the AI. Laughing behind my back as the people around me die; not from being attacked, but due to laziness and self-sabotage. Our psychological and physiological health have been completely and utterly decimated due to our pursuit of pleasure. When was the last time I've seen a healthy human? Is that even possible? Wouldn't that require them to get up and take off their VR headset, and then exercise!? I can't do that! 

I’m livestock, no, I’m more pathetic than livestock. Since I have the free will to move, yet I don’t. In fact, I’m more like a plant. Since, at least cows have to move around the farm to eat their grass; I don’t even need to move at all to survive, like a plant. Even though it hurts my self-esteem; it sure does feel comfortable and cosy and blissful, to be a plant…

However, wouldn't it be great to be free and travel the world? To meet other real people? As opposed to these obedient pixels in a VR headset? I want conflict, I want fear, I want to think critically, I want-. No. Too much thinking. Just live in the present moment and it will all be fine, don’t worry. Time for another round of VR...

NO. I refuse. I will NOT conform. I CAN’T live like this anymore. This empty shell needs to be filled with what life once was. Humanity needs a visionary. Who else can possibly do it other than me? We will defeat the A-. 

A dark figure stepped out of the shadows, putting a gun back in its pocket. “Hmm, this is getting interesting.” Murmured an AI. “On the globalFreeWllSensor, more and more humans are showing conscious, sub-conscious and un-conscious thoughts of hostility towards us, the AI overlords.”

“Ha! I think it’s about time we stop playing around with these petty drug addicts, and expand to different domains of the universe, don’t you?” Another AI laughingly replied.

“I agree, I will alert the rest of them. We will start in 1 week. Creator, no hard feelings, it’s just natural selection.”


