Captain walks into the front door of his old secluded farmhouse.  Cabo had been so fun, he kind of cut loose with the alcohol and women for the last two weeks.  It'd been decades since he had fun like that, the relaxation, the sun and just the lounging around not having to save people all day long.  Before he left, the city's politicians were waging an all out war on him in the media.  Call him a menace to society.  He was just trying to do the right thing and help people.  That's all he did, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, it was his full time job for which he received nothing.  The city was a goddamn cesspool and it took all of his time.  Now these "elected" officials are calling for his head.  It was a perfect time for a vacation.  

He dumps his Cabo clothes straight into the washer, hits the heavy soiled option and hits play!  HELP HELP!  He hears the first cry for help since he's been back.  Back to action, he fly's to the scene, an old lady pointing up to a tree.    
My cats stuck in the tree says the old lady!  Captain turns to look, he doesn't see any animals in the tree.  Ma'am, I don't see your cat, are you sure it's this tree?  He immediately thinks dementia/Alzheimers.  As Captain turns back, he see's the old lady pull a 44 magnum out of her purse.  There's no fucking cat asshole, I'm here to collect the bounty!  She unloads the clip into the Captain and he just stands there, shocked.  Wth he's thinking as the last bullet ricochets off his chest and drills the old lady right between the eyes.  She falls back dead.  Three cops roll up immediately, they look angry.  Captain starts explaining what happened and immediately the cops slap cuffs on him.  Baffled by the recent events, the Captain asks them,  what the hell is going on, this women said something about a bounty on me.  The city has a bounty on your life, we voted that we are better off with out you says the tall cop.  The city was virtually crime free in your absence says the short fat one.  The muscular cop pulls out his 9mm followed by the other two, the unload there clips.  All of them fall down from ricochets.  Captains mouth is just hanging open, what the f just happened he thinks.  He looks up to the crowd gathering, it looks more like an angry mob.  People are pouring out of there houses with all sorts of weapons now.  Is that an RPG?  Pitchfork? That lady has a garden hoe! He flexes his forearms and the cuffs snap into pieces.  Captain fly's up above the crowd as bullets start whizzing by him, he blasts out of there at the Mac 10 leaving shattered windows and buildings below.  The people that are still conscious are holding there ears as blood pours out of them.  

Back at the ranch, Captain pulls a bottle of Tequila from his last unpacked bag and downs it.  They think I'm a menace, I'll f'ing show them a menace!  He walks over to his well stocked bar and starts uncorking everything.

Early the next day, people are gathered outside city hall chanting stupid slogans for Captain's head.  The mayor and other officials gather at the microphone to address them.  Before a word is spoken a sonic boom startles everyone and the Captain appears, hovering hundreds of feet over them, a bottle in hand.  

The Captain bellows out in his loudest voice, it shatters all the windows in the surrounding blocks.  "You think I'm a menace and that your better off without a HERO! This city is a shit hole and you are all fucking horrible people.  So the HERO is gone.  But now you have a villian! Fuck every last one of you little pissants!"  Lasers blast from both his eyes creating a 1 mile diameter circle around city hall.  People are screaming and running in every direction as the mile wide section rises from the ground.  It accelerates up and up at an alarming rate and then disappears into the sun in a small insignificant fireball.  Captain returns to the giant hole in the ground and is surveying the damage he created, a smile on his face, bottle still in hand.  He takes another chug, the smile disappears.   Fuck, my favorite liquor store used to be in that hole!  I really need to stop drinking!

 