Death. The Grim Reaper. The Great Leveller. He'd gone by many names in his time (not that he ever subscribed to the notion of time, it only got in his way) but this last month or so, he’d decided he would go by the name of "Dave". He'd grown fond of humans. He couldn't help it. You work with them for thousands of years and they rub off on you (especially the dead ones). So he figured changing his name would get him a bit closer to what would pass as human, and he'd worry about the lack of skin later.

He’d got tired of having his office on the astral plains (the neighbourhood wasn't what it used to be), so he'd decided to relocate closer to where his work took him, New Jersey. The office placard read "Dave Reaper - Attorney-at-law - Wills & Trusts" and fronted a rather shabby, flea-bitten building. Inside it only got worse, a dimly lit waiting room with nobody waiting, a reception desk with no receptionist and one small traffic cone, which to this day he's not entirely sure how it got there. He didn’t know anything about law, just that it was a human job and he wanted one, plus they always appeared to be rather cold and dead inside, which seemed to suit him.

The phone rang and rattled on Dave's cold mahogany desk.

"Hello?" Dave bellowed with the sound of a hundred wailing souls.

"I'm looking to speak to Mr Reaper" said the meek croaky voice on the other end of the line.

"Who?" Dave quizzically answered back.

"Mr Dave Reaper the Attorney-at-law" explained the voice.

"Oh yes. Of course. Dave. That’s me. How can I be of service?"

“Erm, yes. Well, my name is Nancy Jenkins and I need a will. My two ruthless brothers are circling me like vultures who just discovered a fresh carcass and I wish to leave my estate to my grand-daughter Alice"

“I wish to leave her my house, jewellery and my pet cat Beatrice”

“… and pet cat, Betty” repeated Dave as he scrawled on his lined A4 pad.

“No, not Betty… Beatrice, dear” Nancy politely corrected.

“Ah yes, Betty” Dave echoed back, whilst doodling what appeared to be a small dinosaur.  
 Nancy sighed.

“I can see you are busy, Mr Reaper. Would we be able to meet next week to discuss the finer points of the will?”

“Yeah, sure” Dave replied, just getting to the really detailed part of his dino-drawing.

“Fantastic. I will call tomorrow to schedule an appointment. Thank you and goodbye”

The phone clicked and the dial tone spread out its limbs and put the call to bed. Dave finished his stegosaurus sketch, which he had to admit he was quite proud of, allowed his attention to regroup and bring him back into the room. A client he thought. My first client to be exact. Whilst Dave had many clients during his immortal tenure of the bringer of death, he’d never had someone who wanted legal representation from him. Which in his mind made him awfully proud, giddy even. He turned the page on the A4 pad, saying goodbye to Steve the Stegosaurus as it turned and started to write “I Nancy Jenkins, hereby leave my worldly posses” the ink in his pen had all but deserted. He stretched his bony hand to the far left-hand side of his desk when a small glint caught his eye socket. Something at the foot of his desk gently twinkled in the haze of the dusty and rather poorly fitted carpet. Dave reached out and grabbed it. It was an hourglass, identical to one of the many that had passed through his hands over time. Pity, this one had only a few grains of sand left to run. He glanced at the name of the grubby bronze plaque at the bottom of the glass. It read “Nancy Jenkins”.

He leant back in his chair and took a heavy sigh. Looks like he had a client tonight. Just not the way he wanted.