The computer I sat in front of was a WinApple 3000. Released in 2050 by two merging tech companies from the late 20th century, the WinApple was one of the last computers to have an integrated printer housed within the desk I now had my legs under. I knew this, of course, because I read all about WinApple from the Wikipedia articles I found on this device. 

The screen almost hurt my eyes it was so bright: a Holomon, or, a "holographic monitor" if you will, that projected light from the top of the desk in to thin air - I could even put my hand through the light source without damaging the information in front of me. It was magical.  

I blew and wiped the dust from the desk to see the projected keys better. The keys glowed under my hands like dying fire and I was strangely comforted to see how this technology was easy to use and understand. I navigated around the devices multiple options with ease. Plenty of information was foreign to me: Preferences? Internet Safari? Trash? I was hesitant to select these options, but the easiest to understand was the word Wikipedia, purely because it sounded like the word encyclopaedia, a source of knowledge that was one of the main fire sources for the Savages, but a source of knowledge for the Elders. 

I had heard about computers, holographic displays and solar powered desks – but not one of my clan members - not even the Elders - had the pleasure of actually using one. Of course they didn’t, they were last used 500 years ago. They had seen them on their travels and talked of their potential, but I never knew sitting on this seat and sliding under this desk would make it come alive like it had. After all, this desk sat here lifeless for hundreds of years and I didn’t expect to be greeted with the satisfying glow. As satisfying as a roaring fire back at camp. 

I could key anything I wanted to know and the answer was given. I thought the Holomon was magical until I understood fully what resource I had found. People have died for less and having this sort of information would be dangerous to say the least. However, it was strangely comforting to be at the belly of an information beast and have it await my every command. 

A voice spoke, Corsiri by the name on the screen, prompting me to complete a task. It hummed and vibrated out of the desk shocking me at first. I could not locate the sound source. Her speech was distorted and hissed, I can only presume by the damage the desk had taken.

"Good morning Jeff. Your computer has been asleep for 534 years, 3 months and 11 days. I recommend a reboot and an install of updated software I collected when last connected to the www. Would you like to continue?"

"No," I said hesitantly, awaiting feedback for being ungrateful.

Corsiri however, replied positively and said she would do it automatically next time I left the desk. I was unsure what "reboot" or "update" meant and was now left unsure if I should leave the desk at all. I chose to type a few of these unknown words into the Wikipedia.

After many hours of searching I was unable to find if "rebooting" this device would cause a "system crash", a word I had recently learnt and scared me more than anything. I learnt all about the perils of rebooting new "updates", "drivers" and "patches". All these new words were almost too much to take in.

Corsiri spoke again. This time catching me off guard.

"Hi Jeff. The Jimmy Wales Foundation requires a donation for your use of the information you have stored on your external USB device."

Again, I did not know what any of this meant. I told Corsiri: "I... I don’t understand."

"Cannot connect to the www. I will continue to locate connection. Would you like to donate when you leave your desk?"

"...No?"

"OK Jeff, a note has been made and The Jimmy Wales Foundation will be made aware when a connection has been found. If connection can be found, the information you store will be erased. If connection cannot be found, the information you store will be erased."

I suddenly realised that I may only have this wealth of information for a limited time. I had to be quick. I had to find a way of storing or mimicking this information to use at a later time. I thought I would ask Corsiri.

"Corsiri."

"Yes, Jeff?"

A security prompt appeared on the Holomon and Corsiri spoke again, this time less friendly. The keys disappeared from under my fingers and the screen went dull.

"Please state your full name," said Corsiri.

I could see the owner of this device was Jeff White, and appeared on the scattered plastiwork on the floor. 

"Jeff... White." I said. 

"Thank you Jeff, and your date of birth please."

This was on the plastiwork too. "5th March... 2031."

"Thank you Jeff. Finally your girlfriend’s name please."

I knew what security meant. I now knew was "locked out" meant and I was stuck. A timer on the Holomon counted down. Each number the screen appeared brighter red and the key dulled with every step. 10, 9, 8, 7... 

I was lost. I didn’t panic; I was simply at a loose end. "Corsiri... I..."

"Information correct. Thank you Jeff and sorry for the inconvenience. You don’t sound like yourself today. I diagnose you may have onset of laryngitis or a common cold approaching. I will forewarn your doctors and update your records once I find a connection."

The keys under my hands lit up and I was back. 

I was lost in Wikipedia learning about many skills and the future that was left behind. The old world looked beautiful, lush and green with potential beyond belief. But all that was now gone. 

I stared at a photo of the world, from the Black Sky, and was shocked to know I lived on a "planet"" – a spinning ball floating in space. I felt sick and shocked with this information; it was almost too much to take. I was overwhelmed and stood from the desk and started to cry. 

The screen went black. The Holomon reported the system was saving progress and "rebooting". The shock stopped me from crying. "No! Corsiri – NO!"

Things started to come back to life but more progress bars appeared installing updates. 

"Connection not found." Stated Corsiri. Closely followed by: "Update started."

I sat back down and prayed, but I had faith in the technology. It had to start. It had to! It had sat here for over 500 years, so what are the chances it would fail now. Slim I thought, regaining my composure. 

The "update progress" bar however, became frozen on 59%. I panicked again and stood away from the desk hoping it would turn off and on again.

It didn’t.

The keys on the desk were extremely dim, with one key stating the words "restart". I pressed it once and the Holomon still reported 59%. It did nothing. I pressed it again. Nothing. This time I held it down and everything went black. It was restarting - thank the Gods!

I sat there waiting and nothing was happening. No lights. No keys. No holographic monitor...

"Oh, thank the Gods!" I exhaled. Something at last. The screen was a beautiful, rich blue colour. As blue, if not bluer than the skies described before the Nuclear War.

"A problem has been detected and WinApple has been shut down to prevent damage to your computer..."


EDIT: Fixed the speech marks.