The girl couldn’t have realized the gravity of what, or rather whom she had summoned. This was no ordinary demon. 

The girl stood staring. Wearing a little blue dress and pigtails. Blonde, very big blue curious eyes looked up at... it.

Just as the demon was about to return, thinking this was a mistake or some sort of sick prank, “this is what I was summoned for? A little girl? Ridiculous.” Then a crash from downstairs. 

“Fuck you, you cunt!!” A man yelled. A woman screams in agony, “please, just stop! I’m sorry!..” more thuds. The sound of a body hitting the wall over and over. 

More crying. 

The demon looked down, the girl started to cry, trying her best to hold back the tears. ‘Why was she holding it in?’ Thought the demon.

“Oh here we go again with the Goddamn crying!!! I’ll come up there and GIVE you something to cry about!!” Screams the father. You can hear him grab something metallic as he stomps towards the stairs.

The girl immediately hides behind the demon, burying her face into his cloak. 

The demon understands why he is there. It had become clear. 

“Hmm... this man would make a fine addition to my collection...” the demon hissed. 

The girl keeps her face buried. 

“This cannot be undone and where he is going... will be unpleasant. Are you sure?” The demon looked into the girls soul as she answered. Every fiber of her being said yes as she shook her head. 

The great old one patted the girls head, and snapped.

The father finally reached the room. Kicked open the door and had a belt in his hand. There he saw his daughter in the middle of the room staring up at the roof, into nothingness. 

He ran towards her and swung his belt at her. But it went straight through her? He swung again and again but nothing happened. He looked back to see the door he kicked open closed and in perfect condition. He walked back and tried to open it but it would not budge. He tried to kick it open, still nothing. 

Looking back towards his daughter, she had disappeared. There was nothing but the room. A bunch of photos appeared on the wall of his family, his wife, daughter, mom, dad, everyone. Once in a while he could swear he heard a voice whisper in his ear. But couldn’t make out what it was saying. The room was hot. Very hot. The man was sweating thinking he had gone crazy. 

He claws at the door, then realizes there is a window. He runs towards it and looks outside to see hundreds, if not thousands of hideous creatures waiting to tear him limb from limb. “Jesus Christ!!!” He yells in utter fear. He stumbles back and looks up at the ceiling. He starts to see letters being carved into it by an invisible force. “Christ isn’t here”.  

He jumps out the window thinking death would be preferable. He is immediately mauled, torn to pieces in an order that would take the longest. Then the man wakes up in the same room, his daughter standing there. He runs to her to try to hug her and yells he is sorry. But once again, he slips right through. He looks back and she has once again disappeared. 

The man yells out to no one. As the voice that he cannot understand continues to whisper “welcome to purgatory”

*edit* spelling 