Gazing into the mirror, Laurence no longer saw the young, slender, and average mage he once was. Instead of his old student's garb, drab and plain, he wore a cloak darker then the purest ink, and fine clothing fit for a lord. Yet, what intrigued him the most, was his physical alterations. Red eyes reflected off the mirror's surface, surrounded by pale skin. This appearance had been seemingly out of mere folktale, but it rings true all the same. Perhaps disregarding such stories for their clichés served nothing than to intensify the initial shock of his newfound power. 

"Dearest Laurence, how long will you stare absentmindedly?" A familar voice rung, breaking the newly crowned lord of the damned. Entering the mirror's reflection, Laurence's bride-to-be attracted his attention. 

"My apologies, Abigail. Suppose I still require time to adjust to this." His eyes struggle to meet hers, but he stands poised and calm, as royalty should.

"It's been but a few moons, has it not? Pray you shall come to peace with your decisions, and their consequences." Her eyes pierce through Laurence's body, toward his very soul. While she herself had her own insecurities, she found herself far more in tune with her position. Perhaps it was her father's own constant lust for power that gave her such expectations and experience? Or mayhaps it simply be the iron will and determination, one of the many reasons Laurence saught after her.

"As do I, sweet Abigail. As do I." The young man clenches his fists, before extending them outwards with his arms outstretched. Soon he was cloaked in a faint, violet glow, eyes shut as he slowly becomes completely enveloped. 

"I suppose it is time to address our subjects."

Abigail smiles, her icy fingers still warm the lord's arm, and her lips breath life into his dead heart. "My dear, I have placed my faith in you. Take that faith, and bestow it upon those poor souls."

With a slow nod, the young lord vanishes, only to emerge from the ground of a new room, a balcony overlooking what resembles a cathedral hall, addorned with many husks of men and women, all restless with the visiage of regret, misery, and pain burned into their expressions.

"My people, I begin my reign with a promise, a promise I had never known I would make, nor would I imagine required. Since I've entered your world, tasted the pain of our ilk, and heard the wishes for redemption or closure. You have all been denied transcendence due to your woes, and the Church has too long forbidden you from making peace. Today, we turn the pitiful bug of religion into the glistening cocoon waiting to blossom a new, beautiful era. Soon, you will all reconcile, but remember this one command."

"Our war is with the Church. Not humanity."