"Get ready for the contractions" PUSH!!!!! PUSH!!!! "Come on honey you can do it!!" Evan wasnt worried, he knew his child was going to be safe, he knew his child was going to be special. 

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" she screams and her mind is filled with anxiety, not because she is worried about the baby, she knows the baby is going to be just fine, its what happens after she is worried about....

The baby is out what do the parents see?
Two little horns protruding on the child's head.
JEWISH RELATIVES, the father thought.
my child is tainted, clean he is not!

How will he explain this to the good lord.
I didnt know she was part Jew! he swore.
She thought "Good thing my husbands an anti-Semitic hack"
There will be less blow back.
when I take the child to those who I promised him too.
The evil, terrible ones, no I am not talking about the Jews!!

The child was out and everyone was happy.
Expect for the baby who demands a nappy.
The dad looks at the child and does not want it.
The good lords will never take this little shit

He walks out the door never to see his wife and child again.
He goes to his handlers to explained the lost win. 
The child had horns he was jew... I sorry  I failed you
You fool, the deitys yelled that was no Jew!
You were tricked by those who are smarter then you!

The dark lords came and ask the woman
how did you get the child from the father?
I threw some horns on it and the rest was fun
He thought it was a jew and he was done

Well how did you know that would work??
Its no secret that Mel Gibson is a jerk!
have you heard the sugar tits tapes?
if you havent their great!!

Mel went home rejected and despondent
Now how will he make his movie succesful. 
The gods have shunned him he is a bust.
This was surely his last thrust.

The woman took the child to those who she promised!
Here my lords take the child
thank you my lady now here is your gift
She was handed a paper, here is what you get
The author cant think of an ending so 
so this conclusion is the best I can write
I know it sucks but I am not getting paid
and I doubt this is gonna get me laid.



