"That's it!" you yell angrily, fuming as you slip on your gloves.

You burst out the door, determined to find where your deviant children have gone this time, it was late, they should be been home. It was fine the first few times, made you proud even, But now they've dragged your youngest into it, and he doesn't even have powers, he could be hurt. 

I have to stop them, you think to yourself. But how?.. 

Convinced that you'll come up with a plan before you locate them, you hop into your car and start driving towards town. you've decided their lair is most likely to be downtown, using the time it takes them to arrive on crime scenes to assume a general area of where it could be, followed by an assessment of how much power is drained from all of the buildings in the area. After all, the extraterrestrial technology implanted in your daughter has to be recharged, and takes an extraordinary amount of power. That's how they found us the first time.

There's one building that seems particularly suspicious, as only the lights on the top floor are on and it's supposed to be abandoned. You stop at the doors, momentarily crushed by the reality that if they don't want you to stop them, there's nothing you can do. As a normal parent, it hurts to imagine your children in the situations they often become entangled in, drug rings, mobs, arms dealers, it would overwhelm even you, it's surely no environment for a child. 

Reluctantly, you raise your hand and put it on the door, immediately you notice that there's an unnatural warmth coming from the handle, odd noting how chilly is was outside on this cold February night. You push the door opened, greeted by a smell that makes your gut turn, but you cant quite put your finger on where it was coming from. It's dark, you draw your gun, a small 9mm pistol that your husband demanded you carry before he passed. You never thought you'd need it. The cold grip in your hand contrasts the hot, humid air. 

You creep down the hallway, trying to locate stairs in the darkness, lit only by the small flashlight mounted on your weapon. Every sound is met with a skip in your pulse. 

"There. Stairs." You whisper to yourself as you notice a sign at the end of the hallway directing you towards the staircase. You don't know why you're so on edge, it's only your kids, and they've never treated you wrong. But this felt... off... 

As you reach the stairs you notice blood on the floor, only a few drops, but you were almost sure it was blood. Instantly going into parent mode you start sprinting up the stairs, you make it up three or four flights before you're interrupted by the sound of a door slamming. The sound echoes up and down the stairs as you pause, frozen in terror.

"K-kole? Ashley? Is that you?..." you weakly ask as you look down the stairwell into the dark abyss below you, where the sound came from. 

No response... But suddenly you hear footsteps, heavy and fast, running up the stairs towards you at an inhuman pace. You turn and run, Trying not to look back. You burst through the door on the next floor, trembling as you turn to close and lock itbehind you. But the footsteps don't stop, they're only getting closer. 

You turn to look for somewhere to hide, but before you can process what to do next, the pounding steps stop. They're right on the other side of the door. 

"Kole?!... Ashley?!" You yell, hoping that they can hear you and that they'll come to your aid. 

You want to run but your eyes are locked on the door, your head filled with horrible thoughts of what could be waiting for you on the other side. 

You hear a scratching coming from the other side. Growing louder every second that you wait. It wasn't the sound of one creature, there was nothing of this earth that could make such a horrid chorus of scratches and moans, reminiscent of the deepest pits of hell. So loud that it was all you could hear, you tried to call out to your children but you couldn't yell loud enough to overpower the terrifying sounds, now more like screams than moans. 

Your head is filled with panic, you're sweating, shaking from fear. You point your weapon at the door.

*BOOM* the cannon-like sound of your firearm fills the corridors, echoing and causing your ears to ring. But the sounds has stopped. There was nothing. Absolute silence. You wear a small whine come from the stairs. 

"H-hello?..." You shakily whisper, slowly approaching the door. You grab the handle... It's cold. You realize all the warmth has left the building. And you push the door open you're met with a horrible sight. All the walls covered in blood, torn to pieces by whatever was just trying to get to you. Your heart sinks as you see your youngest son lying at the bottom of the flight of stairs, completely clean, but with one bullet hole in the center of his chest. 