“So, why do you think you deserve to work for us?” The interviewer asked me.

“I don’t,” I replied with cruel honesty.

The bald man, in his forties, laughed at me. I showed him a muffled expression.

“You seem like a jokester! Exactly the kind of a person we aim for!”

“I don’t want this job, you know…” Again, I need to give him the cruel honesty.

His laugh resonated through the room, once again. My face was baffled with weirdness.

“Nobody wants this job! You have just become one of my favourites!”

“Could we just get to the end, I’m feeling too lazy right now.” Another, subtle way of saying “Please, for the love of God, don’t hire me.”

The interviewer’s face was put into deep thought, as I waited for him to finish his incredibly boring ritual. That didn’t come; after about ten minutes, I was just pissed off, and since I don’t need this job, I needed to give it to him hard and cold.

“You know what, either speak right now or I’m leaving this wretched interview.”

The man stopped his thinking, stood up and yelled something I didn’t quite grasp. Someone entered the room, a tall young blond woman, gave him a piece of paper. He sat on his chair, once again, and started talking:

“You… Excellent. We need a person who wouldn’t take anyone’s shit! You are the most perfect candidate I’ve ever seen in my entire life!”

My eyebrow twitched in annoyance, I sighed. I decided to play with him, in the hopes of getting kicked out.

“Give me the most paying position with the least amount of work, I want to the top of this company.” Surely, this should piss him off.

His eyes widened, his jaw was left hanging. A tall, black and bald person entered the interviewing room, speaking with his rough, manly voice:

“Son, you are the perfect person to inherit my company and my riches.”

After that, I was given, for some reason, the ownership of this company, as well as a few billions of dollars. The person, the tall black man, was dying of cancer and wanted to give his fortunes to someone. It seemed he chose an interview like this.

I’ll have to thank my mother later, to think that her meddling in my life and controlling it, turned out to make be a billionaire… I couldn’t even imagine it in my wildest dreams!
