“Happy Birthday babe!” I smiled at Layne and looked around the room at my small group of friends and family. The only face missing was that of my mother, she’d walked out on my dad and I on my birthday years ago. I was at school and came home to my dad sitting at the table, his eyes red from crying. I winced at the thought but it was my 20th birthday, so I pushed the thought from my head determined to enjoy myself. My boyfriend Layne wanted me to open all of my other gifts first. “Saving the best for last” he had called it. I opened the box and inside was a camera like I’d never seen before. It somehow looked both old and new all at once. It was heavy with a brass finish and the buttons glistened as if they were made of opal. “Layne this is amazing!” I squealed. I’m in love with photography, and have a collection of dozens of cameras from throughout the age’s lining shelves in my room. “I love it!” I beamed and threw my arms around Layne’s neck. “Let’s have a look honey!” My dad smiled as I handed him the heavy camera. “Say Layne, is this an instant camera?” dad inquired. “Uh, I’m not sure Roy, I bought it for aesthetics really.” Layne admitted, shrugging his shoulders. “Well let’s try her out!” “Sassy girl, say cheese!” Sassy, my 10-year-old golden retriever lazily lifted her head off the couch as dad clicked the shutter button. The camera immediately started wiring and printing an image. “Even cooler!” I gushed. Dad grabbed the printed photo and waved it from side to side. Layne and I crowded around as the image began to develop. “Layne is this some kind of a joke?” Dad exclaimed. The picture still seemed a bit fuzzy to me, but as the image became clearer I couldn’t believe my eyes. There on the couch was a bright eyed and bushed tailed puppy version of Sassy! “Layne this picture must be ten years old!” Dads eyebrows furrowed. “Roy, I swear I haven’t touched the thing since I bought it!” Layne insisted. Trying to reason with the both of them I explained that maybe it was printing old images the last owners had taken, but the room in the picture was eerily similar to the one we were in. And by eerily similar I mean exactly the same.

After the guests had gone and dad had turned in Layne and I sat cuddled on the couch. I ran my fingers over the buttons of the old camera, admiring it. “Let’s take a selfie for the hell of it.” I giggled. I leaned in and kissed Layne on the cheek, As I held the pose I lifted the camera in the air and aimed it at the two of us. Click!  The printed image made my stomach turn. In the picture was Layne and I, but we were children and I was kissing him on the cheek, just as I’d posed. “Layne this isn’t funny anymore!” I stood up abruptly dropping the camera on the couch. Layne’s eyes were wide. “Ava I swear I’m not the one doing this!” I tugged on the sleeves of my sweater as I paced around the room. A few minutes passed this way and Layne spoke up. “Take another one.” “What?” I asked. “Take another, we’ll just take a random picture of the couch, surely nothing weird can come of that.” He was right, I was being crazy. There had to be a reasonable explanation for this. We both stood up facing the couch and I snapped another picture. It’s a harmless picture of the damned couch, I thought, nothing weird can happen. The photo printed but as it developed I was filled with fury.

“Get OUT!” I screamed. “Ava baby! You know I wouldn’t do that sort of thing to you!” I pushed Layne out the front door and slammed it shut behind him. It was cruel. What sort of a guy would do a thing like this? I sank to the floor and sobbed quietly. The image lay crumpled on the floor about two feet away from me. I knew what I had seen. I had seen my mother in the embrace of man I’d never seen before. They were on our couch in that photo. The mother I hadn’t seen in ten years. It was insanity and it was painful joke. I was hurt and confused. Finally, I stood up, and grabbing the stupid camera, I made my way to my bedroom.

I lie in bed staring at the ceiling. I’d sat in there just looking at the thing for hours. I was trying to find trap doors or any place the altered film could have been placed inside. There was nothing. My phone had been buzzing like crazy. I must have had at least twenty unanswered text messages from Layne. I knew it was madness to think my goofy stoner boyfriend could pull something off like this, but I wanted to hold on to that bit of rationality. I ran through every possibility in my mind. Exasperated I decided to take a final image, one Layne wouldn’t have anticipated, to see if I could gain some clarity. I sat up and took a simple shot of my bedroom. I waited as the image printed and the photo that printed shook me to the core. In the image, lying on my floor was my mother, a large streak knife protruding from her chest.
