"Can you at least tell me if panpsychism is how things work?  It'll save me a lot of time if I know that I don't have to look for my soul in some molecule or plant somewhere.  Is there any key to finding it?"  These questions and many more were his knee-jerk response, but the Reaper was already gone.  Helpful... he thought to himself.
It also wasn't clear to him how important it was for him to have a soul.  Was there some higher plane of consciousness he would be allowed to settle into, as some form of afterlife to make the eternity that seemed to await him after he found his soul anything other than a never ending living hell?  Should he just go about slaying others in the hopes of finding his soul stuck in with another in their body?  It was all so vague and unclear to him.  For better or worse though, he seemed to have all the time in the world to reason through his situation.

Many many years passed, and he found no answers.  Instead, he found himself worn down, and nearing complete apathy for his venture to find his soul.  It was then that he found a reason to continue.  It was love at first sight.  That began his journey to keep the one person that gave him reason to exist.  Every waking moment was spent keeping her alive.  He ruthlessly cut down those whose actions put her life in danger, even if their actions wouldn't have harmed themselves, and spent every moment watching her, admiring her, and envying those she could see and spend her time with, those whose actions she could experience directly.

Years grew into decades.  Her body began to fail her.  It was slow at first.  A slip or fall here or there.  Eventually though, she found herself bedridden.  He watched her suffering, and felt agony and frustration over his feelings toward her.  He was why she had wound up like this, why she had known that kind of pain, why she had lived to the point of being little more than a human vegetable.  It tore at him, but he knew if he truly cared for her, he would have to let her go.  He would have to send her onward.

He appeared before her, nervous.  "I think it's time for you to move on."  He looked into her eyes, and as she finally looked her admirer in the eyes, she smiled.
"Yes... yes I think you're right."
It was only then that he sent her on.  But after her soul had departed, her body continued to look him in the eyes.  Perhaps it had always been there, perhaps it had wandered around and eventually found him, but was unable to speak, to let him know that his search was over.  It was only now that he came to realize it.  He smiled to himself, and reached out his arm.  A white hand reached outward from her still living body.  He followed her into the afterlife, smiling to himself, relieved that he could follow her.