Talia sighs, smoothing her hair behind her ear. She is sitting on the floor of a library, trying to find something, anything, of interest for her project. It was for a type of english class, and she needed a newspaper story to write about. They could get extra credit if they used real, old newspapers, and not online. Talia isn’t sure why.
One newspaper catches her eye. It is mostly under another newspaper, but she brushes it off. Slowly, she picks it up and holds it closer to her face. The headline- it can’t be.
TALIA LIANTRA- THE WORLD’S MOST POWERFUL SUPERVILLAIN
and under that, it proceeds to tell of how she destroyed three major cities, completely and utterly leveling them, and then how she’d burned the surrounding areas and other countrysides. And then, lower on the page.
STOPPED BY THE OBLIVION.
and then nothing after that.
No. No, no... Talia can’t believe it. Of course she doesn’t remember, no one would. The Oblivion- a superhero that stopped villains like her by erasing their memory, and everyone who ever knew of them being a villain. Except. One couldn’t erase ink.
Quickly Talia stuffs the newspaper in her handbag. She isn’t supposed to take the newspapers out of the library but she’d be toast if anyone saw this. What if there are more like this? What if there are newspapers of other villains?
The most powerful supervillain. So... she’d had powers. The Oblivion couldn’t take anything but memories. So she still has them. If only she could remember what they are.
Talia searches through the remaining newspapers, mostly looking for others about her or other villains, and, finding none, takes one that was adequate for her write-up in english class. She makes it through the library, the newspaper undetected in her bag. She tries not to cringe as she goes out the door.
And then she wonders, why would I feel bad about taking something that shouldn’t be there anyway? Why would I feel anything at all when I used to be a super villain? If that’s who I was, is it really as simple as erasing memories to change someone’s identity, values, morals?
The Oblivion, after erasing everyone’s memories, integrated the villain safely back into society. Which explains how she had no idea how she got into the college she did, or that apartment. She doesn’t have many friends, and had always felt she had less memories than she should.
Powers, though. If she could get those back... Talia isn’t sure. She doesn’t feel like a villain. The Oblivion is pretty much all that is needed to fight villains. So... then what?
Have fun, Talia supposes.
