The screams occupying Guthilads nightmares slowly became all too real as the thin veil between dream and reality faded. He was surrounded by turmoil, the door to his room, the smallest one at the Inn, was splinters and the jagged edge of a small axe protruded into his room, a menacing face in the darkness. 

Guthilad gathered his most important things, his chain-mail lay strewn across the small dresser, drawers thrown hastily open during a night of ostensible drinking, searching for something he’d never find, possessed by a vivid nightmare of blood and betrayal. 

He sheathed his great-sword, into a long leather cunt that hung from his shoulder, across his back. He dawned his half helm, and kicked through the splintered oak door. 

Out in the hall things became clearer. The local gang of goblins that had been terrorizing the Triboar Trail, had brazenly attacked the small town in which he and his party had stopped to rest. The heat from a nearby fire, probably the roof, violently warmed the upper hall. Guthilad looked over the railing to the common area below. 

The half-ling and the dwarf were keeping a gaggle of goblins at bay with a pair of solid chairs. Arielle, the only other human in the party, was scrabbling out of her own room, bow in hand. She fired off two arrows quicker than possible, and felled the two goblins nearest to the desperate duo below. The half-ling darted across the room, and as quickly again, back to the dwarf with dagger in one hand, and axe in the other. The two made quick work of the remaining goblins, now properly armed. 

Guthilad jumped over the railing, and landed with a thud below. The double door that led outside burst open and another squadron of goblins cackled as they clambered over one another to get inside. Guthilad drew his sword and swung in a powerful arc, a sickening wail arose, as the first two goblins were felled , blood fountaining from their throats. An arrow wizzed merely an inch from his cheek, it struck a third goblin between the eyes. A black arrow. 

Guthilad turned, it was the newcomer, green eyes shimmering in the light of the fire that was now raging on three sides. He had a straight look, no emotion. He made Guthilad uncomfortable, he had only been with the party for a short time, he rarely spoke and he asked no questions. 

“We have to get outside. The stables are on the other side of town, but from the sounds of things the fighting hasn’t headed that direction yet!” The Half-ling had to shout over the roaring flames at this point. Grissle Wartbottom was an expert thief, and a deadly blades-man. He also possessed the sharpest hearing of anyone Guthilad had encountered, and he was known for it. 

The five of them ran into the open street. To their left, more fires burned in the direction of the keep. A bell rang fervently from the tower there, calling the remaining townspeople to safety. Fighting could be heard that way. They must have approached from the east, because to the west, the town was mostly silent. The stables were that way, as were the horses. 

Guthilad led the way, the rest in tow, with the two archers bringing up the rear. Arielle was a warrior from a small city-state in the south, Human as they come. Dogmatic in her beliefs, a constant thorn in the paladins side. Guthilad was what they would consider a “stray child” where he was from. His beliefs in his god were shattered during some tumultuous even that still haunted him in the night. He covered those wounds though, by wounding others gleefully. 

The dwarf was Trebor a merchant and a bard. His wares had kept the party funded and fed for months now. His music had kept their spirits high, deep bellowing notes sung in the ancient dwarves tongue accompanied by his expressive drumming. It was not Guthilads taste per say, but it kept the night terrors at bay most times. The fifth, and newest member was the half-elf, Al’zel. His kind made Guthilads blood boil. 

The stables were ahead, the horses could be heard whinnying within. “You check inside,” said Arielle, “we will make sure the path out of here is free.” Guthilad entered the stables, all five horses were there, tied to posts, the stink of manure and wet hay was everywhere. 

“Your God has decided you must be ended.” 
Guthilad recognized the voice, the half elf stood no more than 5 feet from him. A long curved blade in hand. 
“Nonsense” Guthilad snarled, “that God is a false god, his wishes are no longer my commands.” 
“He is neither false, nor forgiving. The blood you’ve shed is on his hands aswell, for he gave you the power you now posses. Stand down Paladin. Accept this fate.” 

Guthilads great-sword moved impossibly quick, downward with force only manageable once thousands of hours of training have been forced upon a young initiate. The half elf was no easy foe however, and his blade rushed up to parry Guthilads. He side stepped with the agility of a cat, and struck low. The blade bit into Guthilads ankle, no pain, but the warm presence of blood. Guthilad stepped back, and swung downward again, this time feigning his blow, and adjusting his weight, so the great-sword elegantly swung sideways. The half elf was quicker though, and parried this blow with equal ease. He produced a knife, and as quickly, sent it whizzing through the air towards Guthilads head. The knife narrowly missed the slit in his half helm, and clattered harmlessly to the floor. 

“You’re end is nigh, accept your fate.” The half elf repeated. “I will accept only your head!” Guthilad let out a night roar! A great beam of muddled light projected from his swords hilt, tainted by his sins, but still powerful. The half elf showed emotion for the first time, he barely managed to dive away, as a blast of holy energy tore through the stable walls and out into the street. “That’s bound to get my friends attention, quit now half-blood.” 

The half elf smirked as he rose to his feet, “your friends will be If no help. They have accepted payment, In return they will turn a blind eye.” 
Guthilad was surprised. They were all weak. 

The fight continued. In the small space, the great-sword was limited. The faster fighter was darting left and right. Landing sharp and violent blows to Guthilads arms, legs and chest. Guthilad was not incapable however, a savage headbutt and a smashing blow from his sword-hilt, left the half elf staggered for a moment. Guthilad saw his chance, he lunged forward, great sword lifted high above his head. 

Al’zels sword was faster. 

Guthilad knew he would die one day. He assumed it would be in battle, none the less it was in combat. He also thought it would be painful in some way,
But as the half elf read him his death rites, Guthilad felt truly free. The vail between dream and reality slowly covered over the stench of hay and manure, and the sound of the half elf mumbling religious rites. He didn’t dream his ordinary terrible dreams as he died, but instead dreamt of home, a home he had forsaken. 

“Forgiveness only in death...” the half elf finished. He lit the stables ablaze, and joined the rest of the party. They left the small town, one less then they had arrived, Trebor at the head, the archers bringing up the rear.

Apologies for errors, posted from my iPhone :) 
I really got into this, I never write lol but I LOVE D&D! 
Tried to write it as a narrative, rather than gameplay :)