Terra, that was the name of our favorite roller coaster. It wasn't the best roller coaster we rode, and I have ridden so many. Something about that deep blue color always soothed me. The young kids talk about one named  2296 which supposedly makes you feel like you were in an earthen roller coaster before it exploded into a trillion pieces. I don't miss Earth, never had.  It had to much politics for a metallic rock floating in space. I much prefer the calm blue sky of Titan. It took me and Eve one visit to know we are going to die here. 
 
On that day Eve woke me up like she always had - a kiss on the forehead and then one on the chick. I always told her I loved her more than anything in the world and she never believed me. Sometimes I could see why she said that. I am what the young call a "broken watch" - the first generation that could choose when to die. They say that we are addicted to it and that its a bad habit. I say that if they had ever visited a real funeral they would understand why I fear death. In my days we used to cry for our dead.

It took Eve a while to force me to go to a funeral. And to this day I can't bare to look as the doctors do it. Death feels to me like the most unnatural natural thing there is. It sickens me to hear kids talk about dying like its a good thing. It has been exactly one year since the day eve and I had our funeral. And a year and a half since we started talking about it.

It all started when we tried to buy tickets to visit our offsprings at Jupiter and the website didn't accept my date of birth, I had to call SpaceX to prove them that "yes, I am that old" only to get a weird look from the supervisor. On the T-Deck she told me  whit a serious look for the first that she is going to do it, but only if I will too. I was speechless for the longest time in my life. 

I caved first, per usual with her. Something about her smile makes me wanna say yes to everything.  We sat up a date and one of my younger offsprings took charge of the funeral, but I still had my demands - It had to be on Titan, spread over a field at a warm sprig morning. Under the blue sky.

Eve seemed to happy for my taste, I always imagined that day to be like the one he had when our first born decided it has her time. It was the worst day I had. All eve and I did was sit across each other on her bed, forehead touching. Crying silently. A year ago today she laughed aloud. 

We were supposed to do it in turns, she first and then me. My offsprings didn't agree because  "a double funeral should be done on the same time". Today its the first time it  accrued to me why eve wanted to do it the un-traditional way. She knew I could never go through whit it.

Here I am now, about to start my seventh ride on the Terra, knowing I will never die.
