Mary Sue was really in for it now.

As it turns out, selling hard drugs to little kids and murdering muppets only gets you so far in the universe, and even her complete lack of emotion was unable to save her.

She was sentenced to an eternity of torture in Hell. God just casually dropped her down a pit, and Mary Sue fell.

She fell and fell and fell, she fell for what seemed to be an eternity. 

She landed with a hard thud on the cracked cobblestone floor of a road. Mary Sue got up, and considered doing something interesting.

*And why would I ever do that* she thought.

It was oddly quiet. Deserted even. For the entrance to Hell, there really was no one around. Not even a devil or a ghost. There was no torture, no screams, no blood. Nothing.

Mary Sue collected herself. Not that she had actually shown any emotion in the first place. 

It was then that she heard a low humming noise from somewhere off in the distance. She began walking down the cobblestone road.

It was all empty. All of it. Not a single sign of ~~life~~ death. She kept walking.

Eventually she came to a great fortress with its gate doors askew. She stepped timidly inside (*you fucking idiot she has no emotion. Well why don't you go fuck yourself. Why don't I go fuck your mom. Shut the fuck up and get back to the story. You stop saying fuck. Fuck you asshole. Fine. *).

A keep stood in front of her. It towered over Mary Sue, engulfing her in a shadow. Gargoyles and spikes lined its walls in the hundreds, lava streamed from its windows. It was like a black obelisk, jetting into the sky for oblivion.

Mary Sue stepped into the keep. The noise had at this point gotten louder and louder. She saw something strange, a warm glow emanating from a room up ahead.

She entered the room and saw a lone figure sitting on a stool facing a dying fire. His back was to her, but she could see he clutched a harmonica in his left hand and a can in his right.

He continued on playing. His was quite bad at it, and Mary thought that perhaps this was her torture. Eventually he put down his harmonica, took a swig from the can, and began launching into song.

"OOOOOOH, I'll cut they're heads right off, mate, I'll cut em off real good. I'm done wet des shite, I'll cut em up real gooooood"

He seemed to have on concept of pitch. He took another swig from the can. He said something, his speech slurred. He began to sing once again:

"Happy berthday to youuuuuuuuuu happy berthday to youuuuuu. You're a fucken piece of shiiiiiiiiiite, Happy berthday to youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu."

He proceeded to count, "Arrh ya one, arrh ya too, arrh ya tree, arrh ya for, arrh ya five, arrh ya sex, aaarh ya seben," and so on. Eventually he stopped at 78402138 and burped, took a swig from the can, and began playing his harmonica again.

"Uh, excuse me sir," said Mary Sue

The figure turned around startled, "Aye mate, you're a fucken piece of shite from god aren't ya, har to make fun o' meh."

"No I'm just wondering what's going on..."

"Well I'll tell ya whats goin' on 'ere lassie" he took a swig from his can, "some mother fucken piece of shite up en 'eaven made 'em facebook post "contracts" binden! Now all the fucken pieces ah shite en 'ell have gon n posted em facebook walls that they can't be en 'ell and fucken bam mate! They're they goo. Fuck me."

"Well that must be horrible."

"Nah lassie, the worst part is that they took all the good alcohol. Mother fuckers took everythin but the budlight. Fucken christ mate, this shite is meh best torture device and now I'm forced to drenk et. And the worst part about that es that et's so fucken watery I can't even get drunk off et."

"Well if it would make you feel better I tried to smuggle cocaine down here"

"Well that'ell fucken do lassie, gev et here!"

And for the rest of eternity the Devil and Mary Sue snorted lines of cocaine.