My headphones vibrated with the same tunes I had heard a million times before. I watched the same street signs, the same store fronts, the same names, even some of the same cars parked on the same streets as I stared blankly out the scuffed bus window. It was a route that I had been taking to my work every day for the past year. The pale green synthetic seat practically had my imprint etched into them. 

Even through the rumble of the bass and vocal high notes, I could hear the sharp wail of the brakes as the bus slowed to a stop. The bus doors swung open and a group of commuters clamored to their seats. A girl, dressed in a vivid red sundress, slipped in between the oblivious group. She didn't look much younger than myself.

*How rude.* I thought as the girl danced around them, cutting them off before plopping down in an adjacent seat.

She was a regular to the route, sort of. He had only recently started seeing her ride the bus the past month. She was a cute girl will long brown hair that curled at the ends. She always had a large brown book clutched close to her. It looked worn and decrepit, as if it could fall apart at any moment. A vibrant orange ribbon hung out, like a thirsty dog's tongue, from its pages. 

I was single, and from the look of her left hand, she was single too. I tried to catch wayward glances as I debated on whether I should same something. My mind was now abuzz with the thought of talking to her. How am I ever going to get a girlfriend if I don't do anything? My body began to tremble and my heart beat madly. I was starting to run out of time, my stop was soon and I had spent too long just thinking, and not doing.

*Talk about the book, Vance! Break the ice. Do it, you got this.* My internal coach cheered me on.

I took my headphones off, engulfing myself into the sounds of bus chatter and slid across my seat. She was sifting through the pages intently, and hadn't yet noticed me.

"Excuse me. I just was a bit curious about your book, it looks really unique, what's it about?" I asked, prying for her attention.

Her fingers that were originally following her through the pages suddenly snapped the book closed. She tucked the large book under her arm and gave me a look of shock. My heart sunk and my stomach knotting itself painfully. 

"Were you talking to me?" The girl asked.

"Yeah. Sorry, I just thought you were really pretty and -"

"Wait, you can *see* me?" She asked, her voice more frantic with each question.

I was so confused. What does she mean by that? The one time I get the courage to talk to someone and they end up already seeming crazy.

"What do you mean?" I laughed.

She jumped out of her seat and into mine, pushing me against the side of the bus. Her hand gripped my mouth shut. I couldn't move, she had me pinned with an unusual amount of strength. Her eyes darted around the bus, scouring for an unknown threat.

"Quit talking so loud, and just listen!" She hissed. 
 
She released me and let out a loud sigh, her eyes still darted around the bus. 

"Okay, what the hell is wrong with you lady?" I whispered.

"What the hell is wrong with me? What the hell is wrong with you? Why are you able to see me?" 

"I don't know? Maybe because you are a human being? What kind of question is that?"

"Well, this makes things a lot more complicated. I will explain everything in detail soon enough, but you aren't supposed to see me right now."

"Lady I think you are crazy, and this is my stop, I need to go." 

She grabbed my arm, "I know that this is a lot to take in but I need you to take a deep breath and don't get off here."

I ripped my arm away from her and rushed out the bus, my headphones still dangling from my neck. No way that just happened. I almost slipped as I nearly skipped a step out the bus. The fresh air and sunlight was a relief. Maybe my day would be normal after all.

"Excuse me, that was rude." I turned around to see the girl standing right behind me. Her hands folded against her chest.

Edit: Part 2 is up in replies.