We lost our chance. Although this information technically remains classified I am taking the risk of documenting the situation due to 

It started with mysterious probes found in Canada, the norther US, and Siberia. They were clearly Alien, but when the first probes were brought to labs for testing they corroded quickly and revealed no useful information. Searches were established, signs of completely corroded probes were found in warmer climates, and before long a probe was found burried in a Greenland Glacier and secured in a refrigerated lab. Even though it did not corrode it appeared dead, it had no apparent power source and attempts to power it were unsuccessful. Dissembling the probe suprisingly revealed hardware constructed from known materials. The primary component was found to be an X-ray emitter when its construction was duplicated with the addition of a power supply. The worlds space agencies started scanning the Earth and its atmosphere for X-rays emissions from unknown sources.

The first hit recorded an X-ray burst lasting 14 hours 37 minutes from an area in the Yukon terriory in Canada. After this mobile remote research teams were prepared to meet the next occurence. This did not happen for another decade.

When it did occur we were lucky enough that it landed near one of the few teams that was still funded. The X-ray signal was found to contain a code. Attempts to decode the signal appeared to reveal the word "Star" followed by a string of 17 numbers, the word "Planet" and the number 3, then number strings with the following number of digits: 8, 14, 8, 6, 3, 6. The message ended with "collection complete, progress minimal".
No trace of an object approaching Earth was found to correspond with the probes arrival.

The next contact could not be missed, a large object was visible with the naked eye in the northern hemisphere. No communications were sent to Earth, but extensive X-ray signals were sent in the general direction Deneb in the Cygnus. Government's scrambled to launch a craft to meet the Aliens but before this could be arranged the ship disappeared. I have the only remaining copy of the translation:

"Survey established, anomaly confirmed. Planet 3 orbiting Star 36282-95857363.7295 maintains multiple anomalous climate zones in spite of presence of Inteligent life. Lifeforms found to be capable of teraforming confirming data from last 114 probes. Teraforming incomplete and slowing despite initial progress.
Inteligent life able to survive in multiple climates including normal and extreme climates on both spectrums. This is determined to be the cause of the anomoly.

Danger to intergalactic society extreme. Lifeforms would be capable of surviving on multiple inhabitable worlds, and show propensity for domination. Risk is unacceptable."

2 years later a massive electromagnetic pulse hit the Earth from 4 different directions. All electronic devices failed. Electronic storage devices can no longer be accessed, but it is assumed thier data is erased. Searches are underway to find hard copies of any information useful for rebuilding society.

There was always a fringe of humanity that wanted to abandon technology. Perhaps they were correct; what good is joining interstellar society if we have to destroy the Earth's diversity to get there?
