I've seen Death many times since we first met, he took my first love, I begged him to take me with her, he took my first son, I begged him to take me and leave him, he took my mom, my dad, my friends and so many loved ones. 

He has punished me for so long and so hard I don't love no more, he made what I am today. I been depressed for centuries and I been happy for decades in total I was alive for about 45 years and only existing for millennia. 

Any time someone gets close enough to me and I get to know them I immediately remember how hard is gonna be to loose them. 

I remember being in love and being loved and it doesn't bring comfort to my soul it brings pain. 

My crime? I saw his naked body. 

He came to me one day, I had fallen and hit my head while hunting, infront of me Death appear wearing a robe darker than night I could only see the very point of his white skeletal fingers at that moment I didn't knew who he was or what was happening. I plead for his help thinking he was like me, I extended my arm begging for him to do something to save my life but he was immovable just staring down at me with the last of my strength I grab his robe and pulled revealing his naked body to the sun light, it wasn't completely bone yet, his face was almost untouched by the rooting of his body, his eyes light blue and lifeless, his lips dried and weird shade of blue almost purple, his skin white showed the form of every bone in his body and break in parts to reveal bone and rotting flesh. 

" you shouldn't have done that", he said as I felt my strength return to my body, " everytime the light touches me my body decay more and those unfortunate enough to see it are cursed, you will live forever and will never had the need to eat but forever fell hunger, no need for water but forever be thirsty, unable to sleep ever again, but the worst will be seeing me come time and time again knowing I will never take you with me and only those around you" 

And just like that he disappeared, and every time I see him I beg for his forgiveness and he just looks back at me and answer with a shake of the head. 

Next time I'll try to make small talk or ask him how his day been maybe I can get a voiced answer that way. 


