I remember when she was three she fell at school and broke her arm at the elbow. I remember the phone call, the ride to the ER. The doctors. She need K-wires to hold the bones in place. I remember helping hold her as she fought the anesthesia, her little body twisting under my hands. 

*"It's normal,"* they said. *"Perfectly normal, she'll be fine."*

I slept in her room that night, scrunched up on the loveseat. She'd wake up crying for me and I'd cuddle her back to sleep.  She was at that magical age where kisses still have the power to heal and a mother's hugs are good as any medicine.

I remember the time she had chicken pox, the oatmeal baths. Holding her as I rubbed calamine lotion over her body while she cried in my arms. 

"Shhh," I'd  whisper into her hair. "Mommy's here. Everything's going to be fine. Don't I always take care of you?" And she'd nod.

She trusted me. Through the colds and the broken arms and the tonsillitis. Through nightmares. Through it all I was there, every time. *Mommy* was there. And I promised her I would always take care of her, because that's what mommies do. 

I failed.

I failed and I am so, so sorry.

"Mommy!" 

That's her, crying outside the bedroom door. She turned five two weeks ago. Last Sunday she died. The whole world died I think. 

Might as well have.

"Mommy! Mommy please help!" she screams again, little fists pounding on the door. There's nothing more heartbreaking than listening to your child cry for you and not being able to go to them. What kind of monster can listen to their five year old beg for help and just sit there?

I bury my face in the pillow and try not to listen. It's all I can do. I can't be there for her this time. I can't dry her tears or sing her silly songs anymore or kiss the top of her head. I won't ever hold her again; not in this world. 

God, I miss her so much. If I could just hold her one more time, tell her how much I love her...

Fuck.

I'm a coward, is the problem. If I weren't I'd have killed myself by now; I would have found a way. Thought of something. Opened the door.

"Mommy! Daddy!" She sounds hysterical, voice high-pitched and terrified in that way only a toddler's can be. The way that pierces you right through the gut and tears at your soul. 

"I'm sorry baby...I'm sorry!" I cry, and I am. I am so, so very sorry. Mommy couldn't save you from the monsters. Not when it really mattered.

"My tummy hurts!" She's crying so hard I can barely make out the words. "Daddy-"

Daddy can't be there for her either. He's laying on the other side of the room with his head bashed in. I had to, you understand. He was  changing, and I had to protect our daughter, had to take care of her.  I hadn't realized it was already too late. 

So here I am. Locked in my bedroom, staring at the body of my husband and listening to the ghost of our daughter wail through the wall. I don't know what's going to happen next, but with every cry it gets more and more tempting to open the door. 

To take care of her one last time. 

After all, isn't that what mommies do?
