This cave might protect us. I don't think they will find us in this blizzard, I dearly hope they are not omnipotent. *Don't* make a fire. The pain of the frost is nothing compared to the inevitable death if we are caught.

I know you all been wondering what happened to my face and where is my other arm. I think the risk of us being heard is warranted to remove your deadly ignorance.

You remember the last time we Giants roamed this plain? Everywhere we went, nothing could stand against us. No monster or beast could make us bleed. Humans were annoyances. Even though they could match our intellect, there sharpened rocks attached to their sticks couldn't pierce our skin. My dragon loved their flesh.

I was one of us tasked with maintaining knowledge. I've come back time and again. Every millennium seemed the same as the next. For cycle after cycle, humans were the same. They managed to drive many of the beasts of the world to death, but their stone blades did nothing. all other magic was gone. I lacked concern.

I failed our kind, I ignored the changes. Within the last ten cycles, human bent nature to it's will, turning barely edible plants into fields for food. Still, nothing they had appeared to be any concern. Stone replaced by metal. Groups became civilization. Tribal conflict gave way for war. The former annoyance ruled the planet.

The Emperor heard what I thought, the giants would again take back our world. My words of victory ensured our death.

I arose ten thousand steps south of here with a legion of our fellows. We awoke in an alien landscape. The ground was a flat stone. Charts of iron surrounded us. Pillars of glass dwarfed us. The human infestation was everywhere. 

The first moments were like before. They crumpled and burned. Then, I heard a burst of thunder, then another, then another. I looked at my hand. It was bleeding.

All humans ran, most away, a few towards us. One with a cinlinder of steel drew my blood. This was the least of their weapons. More followed. An iron chariot into my leg. 

More thundercracks. More blood. Pain. Some of us fell. The light of my friend's eyes faded away. Greater chariots poured louder thunder punished our foolishness. My Lord fell.

I would lie if I said we retreated. We were a rout. Running away from the pillars of glass. We saw familiarity. Grass. Trees. Mountain. Familiarity brought upon greater death.

Clear of the towers, they added the crashing of glaciers to the thunder. In an instant, a comrade besides me burst at the seems. My dragon took to the skies. He died before he touched the ground. My arm was agony. My ears were numb. My resolve was fear.

I made it to the trees. They hunted me. They attacked me even when I could not see them. The forest suffered for my presence. These mountains have only faired slightly better. 

The worst of all of this... There is no magic here. Humanity is as inert as this stone. I believe that Humaity doesn't have magic because they don't need it for they have mastered death even of the undying.