“Another 14 reported dead Captain Hawkins...” Greg Anderson, the head officer of the 44th precinct reported to the Captain. 


“That son of a bitch... this is the fourth account of arson in the past month and we’ve yet to catch a trace of who’s behind it-“


“Actually, that’s what I originally wanted to mention to you. It seems as if the arsonist left behind a trail this time. We don’t know if it was intentional or not but we’re doing our best, sir.” he continued. 


“Very well. Inform me right as you find anything else.”


The detective walked out and Captain Hawkins ensured that the door was locked. He wasn’t prepared. No, prison was not a place for someone like him. 


“Oh, not to worry. I’ll just enter the scene and look for any mistakes the ‘arsonist’ may have made. I can cover up my tracks and through directly investigating the scene raise my reputation to the public. No one will suspect a thing.” he thought.


Right as Hawkins was ready to exit his office, a knock on his door threw him back on his desk. 


“Yes?” he asked, now physically nervous. 


“Captain Hawkins, we’d like to speak to you if possible.”


He knew he couldn’t avoid this or make up an elaborate excuse again. With the suspicion that they were on to him, refusing to speak could be an incriminating mistake. 


“Sure, come on in.” He responded, now recollecting himself.


3 officers walked into his office, and cut straight to the point. 


“Captain Hawkins, you’re under arrest for 4 accounts of mass arson and 48 accounts of 1st degree murder.”


Without hesitation, the officers placed Hawkins into handcuffs and dragged him out of the building. 


“This is insane! Why would I harm the very country I serve!? I demand you to release me right now!” Hawkins exclaimed. 

His pleas fell on deaf ears, rather on mouths repeating the same Miranda rights they had hundreds of times in the past. This time, it was more special, though. They had finally caught the decade’s largest criminal. 


After a quick trip the nearby jail, Hawkins spent the night in a cell. He awaited trial the next day. 


“I was very convincing, it’s all as we expected.” he stated. 


But he was alone, no one to speak to. Although, it certainly wasn’t no*thing* to speak to. 


Hawkins had a close friend, Deputy Andrew Smith, come into the jail for a monthly routine check-up, the day before he planned on leaving hair and prints all over his fourth crime scene. He had Smith place a microphone on various parts of the cell, all made aware to him on a small map rolled up in a minuscule contraption on the side of his glasses. Through this, he communicated all night on how to frame the crime on his head officer- the bastard who originally noticed his so-called mishap. 


“I left the keys to my office on your passenger seat. Take them and open the top drawer of the cabinet which you see on your left as soon as you walk in. In there, you’ll find plenty of pieces of tape with Anderson’s prints all over, along with a few pieces of hair and an identical piece of cloth to the material the shirt he was wearing yesterday is. To cover up my ‘mistake’ I left a flash drive containing an edited security camera file which shows him spreading what seems to be hair in the scene along with him sequentially starting the fire and then the camera going out.”


Officials had thought that the footage had been lost in the fire, yet Smith had “managed to recover it.”


The next day, when officers came to transport Hawkins to the courtroom, he noticed Smith outside of the building. He shot a thumbs up. It was set. 


“A free man...” he thought. 


The trial began a few hours after. 


“Captain Hawkins, you have been charged on 48 accounts of first degree murder and 4 accounts of mass arson. How do you plead?” the judge inquired. 


“I plead-“ Hawkins paused, knowing very well his inability to lie. On queue, Deputy Smith burst into the courtroom and exclaimed:


“HAWKINS IS AN INNOCENT MAN!”


“Deputy, what is the purpose for this interruption?”


“We managed to recover some of the lost security footage along with small traces of fingerprints and additional strands of hair. Interesting enough, all of this new evidence points against Hawkins. It points to officer Anderson!” He quickly inquired. 


“Please, play the footage.”


Officer Anderson, present in the courtroom, was infuriated. 


“THEYRE LYING! I WAS NEVER THERE UNTIL AFTER THE FIRE HAD BEEN PUT OUT!” He exclaimed.


“Silence in the court!” The judge demanded. 


The footage was played, and as Hawkins had told Smith it displayed Anderson spreading the hair and starting the fire. 


From that point forward, the trial had been swapped onto Officer Anderson’s name. 


It didn’t take long. Half an hour later, the jury had made a decision. In a unanimous vote, Officer Greg Anderson had been sentenced to death.


Hawkins walked out, and drove back to his office. 


“That makes 49.”  



