Most people are born screaming and covered in in goop. They can't talk and can barely hold up their head. They know how to swim instinctively. I woke up in my bunk, with the ability to talk, although drunkenly. I could barely hold my head up as I stumbled up and walked backwards onto the toilet. That pruno made everything sway so much it almost felt like I understood everyone. When my head was spinning, it was the closest I got to feeling like I belonged with humans. That and math. Math makes sense because everything cancels out.  

I could and couldn't do a lot of human things. I could see what I was going to do though. What I was meant to do. It is strange because I always felt myself being tugged backwards through these loops I'd have to act. I knew that I saw the world in a way that shouldn't have been possible. I knew when I had to say something, I had slight precognition so that I knew when people were going to say something, right before they said it. It was like addition and subtraction but people felt so strongly. Everything felt into place but others didn't understand it.  

I didn't know how the world worked physically though, at least not consciously. My body did things without me knowing it, dressing, eating and the bathroom where all frustratingly out of sync with what I wanted to do. The bathroom was the worst. I knew it was for human waste but I never experienced it like that. Still, two plus two. 

Whenever I tried to explain my views as time wore on, I could tell no one could comprehend. I found myself answering their eye rolls, shocked faces turning to neutrality, their brisk walks retreating into in a strolling gate meant that I had scared them off as I spoke, but I saw them move into relaxation from fear as I spoke. It seemed like they knew I was crazy so much that I doubted myself. I was the crazy old prisoner from cell block 8. The one they were going to kick out soon. I always laughed at that because I knew I died in prison. I wrote equations on the wall. 

Time went by and I stopped trying to explain. I drank less. I wrote fewer equations. I was quiet and I started taking better care of myself. Shaving was a terrible feeling but as I grew more spry and attractive I knew it was a must. Again while talking was difficult for me, my hands knew the route to take to remove unwanted hair. I did such a good job of my hair seems to go back into places it needed to be. 

I got to a point where, slowly, I knew I was getting friends. Some of them I felt a strong connection to, a bond driven by some sort of trauma but I never knew what until it happened and after it happened we would frequently part. Becoming even more attractive, I managed to get some suiters even though it was all in prison. Sex was the oddest thing of all. It felt like plugging up a champaign bottle, unfair. It was like the square root of pie had shoved itself back into me. Still the great feeling before the plugging made it worth it to try. 

I had had a host of lovers, responding to them as I knew I must. It would always start with either them fading into view or a fight to drive us together. I liked it best when we ended the relationship best, it always was the most fun. I could see them falling in love with me and I even though I knew them inside and out by then, I could tell it was still fresh to them. Still, after that we would flit away, sometimes they would go to someone else, sometimes we did some light flirting. It always ended with me alone with the knowledge that they didn't know me.

They didn't me, they couldn't. It was so strange to have opinions but never anyone who truly knew me. At least math was consistent. 

That's why prison I found wasn't terribly disappointing. I had my heart stretched over and over again by people. I had already been in prison for years by them, what difference did it make that I was in a physical one along with my mental one. It was easier knowing that the ones I loved weren't pure. 

Still, one thing got to me. What exactly had I done to warrant this incarceration? With multiplication and exponents everything fell into place and I knew there had to be a reason for my imprisonment. I knew that prison was for punishment and I knew you had to be found guilty but as I wrecked my brain there was nothing I could conceive of that I would be prone to doing. I lived in time loops. I barely felt engaged with people, I couldn't hate enough to commit crime. I understood that others had different experiences but that didn't mean I'd forget the reason why I'd been locked up. 

I wondered if it had to do with alcohol. I remembered the vile stuff had shut me down enough that it didn't matter that I was out of sync with others. It had made math a jumble but I think that's what life was supposed to be to most people. 

As the years flew by, I became nervous and silent. I stopped taking lovers after feeling the pointlessness of it all. I made friends out of desperation, had the same meals fly out of my mouth, all while knowing that they must have gone in it and I exercised for some god forsaken reason. I was getting more energy by the day and I need an outlet I suppose. I found my hands grew restless, I would always find a pebble or a coin to tinker with. 

It was a dull few decades. I mostly kept quiet and pined for a different life. 

I had known it was going to be a strange day when I woke up in the uniform they gave fresh prisoner's, the ones who always looked the most scared and who would tell me their crimes. I felt fear too, but mostly because my world, which had been static for so long, was going to change. 

I wish I could say that I was excited but being in the same place and routine had suited me. Was it better to be dull and predictable or dangerous and exciting? No one reads books just to see the hero die and while people might want to be daring the fact remains that most remain in safety. I always read to see the hero being their tale with all the plot coming back to an easy going start where the characters are more innocent and peaceful. It's like figuring out a graph problem, consistent.  

I could hope my life could be peaceful. 

After going through the day in that new uniform I had half expected myself to get out of the prison that morning but instead found myself closing my eyes at the dawn.

It was another two weeks I wore that uniform and they were lonely ones. 

It was when I had to change out of the prison uniform and go in for a cavity search that I remembered why I had never bothered to leave prison. It felt like an even more humiliating experience to force though my young body. I had some how regained more shame despite the decades of shared showers. 

After that things got a little blurry. The next thing I know I am walking through the court, hands in cuffs, to sit by my lawyer. I watch the trial with more anxiety than I have had in my whole life. I feel disturbed and realize that I don't need to be as the verdict is spoken -I had already served my years.    

What bothered me was how I could be convicted of treason when I'd never felt any anger towards my country. I listen as all the evidence becomes tucked away. There were letter's I've never written. There were people who stating they've seen me but who I'd never known, it bothered me greatly because I always knew why I knew someone. I notice how my lawyer tells me he has a good chance of making my case and feel shocked at his confidence. I notice men in black suites towards the back of the courtroom. I counted them. I decided them by the ones with light and dark hair. 

On my way out from court, to a place of freedom I suppose, I notice they are following me. I go back to my studio apartment. It is the first time I've been there but the keys fit in my hand and then snuggly in the door lock. This is my home. The walls are covered with chalk board paint and there are equations all over the walls.  

I am drawn to a chair. I lean over to a machine.

A blinding light erupts. 

My body shakes violently as I see the passage of time, forward and back, each individual atom and it's potential movement creating what we call time. It is more than an equation, more than a simple puzzle it is the what all men fall prey to and what guide our universe. It is the stars and galaxy, black holes and antimatter. It is too much to bare, no mind was made to understand each individual atom.

It's only for an instant and then I understand how I had doomed myself. 

I couldn't go further forward than that. Who I am I died that day, even though I know I existed still. My memories died. I became unable to see anything but myself and my own path. Everything else hurt. I knew that I had friends and lovers, that I had lived and grown up. I understand why they locked me away. At least this problem has an answer. Both forward and back.

While I am existing forward and back, unable to explain this way of being I realize there is a second problem. 

I don't know what they did with the machine. 