"Mr. Logan, can I speak to you privately?" The host shot me a quizzical look before motioning me to join him off-camera. There were five of us on the show. Of the other four, two were private detectives and the other two were fake psychics. The premise of the show was that they'd task us with ferreting out information and compare the results between the real detectives and the so-called psychics. 

I've won every event. It's relatively easy for me to divine the information. Unlike the other two individuals on my team, I'm actually endowed with a certain degree of psychic ability. This however has created a problem. This event has tasked us with solving a murder that has been unsolved for more than twenty years. There are a thousand rumors surrounding the death, but no one had ever been able to come up with an actual suspect. 

It wasn't five minutes after I entered the house that I caught sight of Chris Byersly. The eight year old had been dead for more than twenty years. I followed him into an empty room and simply asked, "Who killed you?" 

Spirits that stay tethered to this world after such a long period of time are usually carrying a fair bit of trauma. Getting through to them can be a bit like trying to interrogate someone in the grips of catatonia. I had expected our conversation to take some time, but child simply pointed to Joe Logan and said, "That's the man who killed me. He killed all of us." 

I began to realize the situation I was in. We were filming at an abandoned crime scene twenty miles from the nearest town. Cell service was spotty at best. Aside from the contestants, two cameramen, and our host; there wasn't anyone around for miles. We were supposed to film a few hours of video and head back to the studio for exit interviews. 

I stood next to Mr. Logan and simply said, "I know you don't want us to solve this and I know you know why." You could see the blood drain from his face. I continued, "Look, if anyone actually solves this, you'll either have to kill them or go to jail. I'd like to offer you an alternative."

He began to relax and said, "Go on." I pointed to one of my team members, Margaret. Margaret was one of those annoying cold readers you'd find at some strip mall peddling tarot readings and acting like she could see the future. She was popular with the fifty and older demographic, but that was about it. As I stood there with Logan there was a line from her introduction that was ringing loudly in my ears. 

Margaret and said in her taped introduction, "...the 90's were wild. I can barely remember where I was half of the time. The other half I was too drunk or high to care." I relayed this information to Mr. Logan and followed with, "As I understand it there's another seven bodies buried in the general vicinity of that willow pond up on the hill right?" 

Mr. Logan interrupted me and said, "How could you possibly know that." I spoke over him saying, "Actual psychic, making you a deal, try to keep up." His look had become considerably more worried. I continued, "I was ten when you killed all those kids. Margaret is damn near old enough to be your mother. Pin the crime on her, she already admitted to having no idea what she did in the 90's."

A smile crossed Mr. Logan's face and he said, "What's in it for you?" I stared down at the floor and said, "Money, not too much, but enough that I can pay my rent for a while and maybe get a car that doesn't smell like roadkill." Mr. Logan's smile widened and he shook my hand saying, "Probably a good thing you came to me, Mike on the Detective's team solved this a few days ago and that's why they are running a man short. You've got a deal."

As the audio played in the courtroom, the prosecutor reminded the jury that federal law allowed for single-party consent on recordings. I had never turned off my lapel mic and given the low-budget of the show, it was being sent directly to a box on my waist for later editing. 

It wasn't two hours before we were riding back into town with a plan to frame Margaret. Instead, I hopped out at the first gas station and caught an Uber to the police station. After providing them with a confession and the location of the other bodies, it didn't take them long to prove that Mr. Logan had lived in the area at the time. 

Upon cross-examination Mr. Logan's attorney asked me if I was a psychic. I responded, "There's no such thing as a psychic. I was able to deduce that Mr. Logan was guilty by judging a variety of behaviors indicating his narcissistic personality and his obsession with this particular crime. Any claims that I somehow commune with the dead are laughably incredible."

This caused an eruption of laughter in the courtroom. Joe Logan was found guilty. The jury had only deliberated for five minutes. He was sentenced to death. I returned to the country home one final time tell the spirits that Mr. Logan had been arrested for the murders of Chris Byersly and the seven other children. 

That was when I noticed the eighth ghost. She simply said, "But what about his friend. The bad man had a friend."

Edit: Typo