	Seventy years had gone by since we said “I do” in unison, terrified that those were the words that triggered each other’s death. Her cramped murmuring lips turned into a wide smile and then to a ecstatic kiss. The whole wedding, silenced by the suspense, jumped in celebration. She even had the courage to shout “You are my life!” without blinking an eye.

	Unawares, even though I never liked that adjective for her, were not an outspoken group and rarely mated with people who did know their words. And even though we have come a long way as a society in the last seventy years, it is still a world led by Awares, those who don’t have to limit their speech and message.
	
	In seventy years, I don’t think there is a word that I’ve not heard from her mouth, to the point where I find myself reprimanding her carelessness. For every new word she said, my heart skipped a beat, and for every nervous smile afterwards, my heart started racing. She challenged death every day, and won every time. She stood against those who challenged her status and never missed the opportunity to say the words that mattered, even if they were her last ones.

	I, in the other hand, have known my last words since I met her. I’ve never mentioned them to anyone, but she has always known and been comprehensive. She never asked me to say words she was afraid to say, I never said words I would be afraid she would repeat.

	For years I though she was immortal, but a degenerative desease is not more pleasant if you can’t die. Every day we went over common phrases that could put her out of her misery. 

	Some days were harder than others, this was one of those days, specially since I couldn't mouth the words my heart had been years craving to say. Her eyes asked deeply, and my old stubbornness couldn't resist, this could be her last change to hear them.
	
	I shyly said “I love you”, as awkwardly as someone who says it for the first time, and prepared to be struck by my punishment. She held my hand as strong as her old bones allowed.
	We both stared at each other for minutes, it was usually a immediate process.
	
	After an hour she broke into laugh, gazed into my confused eyes and said:
	“Ohh, fuck you!” and her hand went numb into mine.