"LET 'ER DOWN EASY!"

The human's voice echoes throughout the dropping bay.  Five Arstreopods, tentacles waving nervously, tighten their grip upon the red motorised vehicle the Fighters of the Flame brought with them.  The fore-pod clicks his beak, no doubt ashamed of his team's lack of care.

"No, no punishment," the human growls, "Just keep at it.  SLOWLY now."

An inch at a time, the "Fire Engine" is lowered into the pod.  Finally, the Arstreopods release it and a swarm of humans descend, fixing it in place with thousands of buckles, the impact resistant floor swaying under their feet.  The final touch are four huge pistons that latch onto the roof of the vehicle.  The combination of stabilisation from above and below means the vehicle should be able to survive almost any impact.  Yeechan and human technology in tandem, the first of its kind.

&#x200B;

"Hey, Yeechan!" a voice from behind me.  I turn to see Fire Chief Ambrose Revant striding towards me.  Strange things these humans.  Taller by at least half a frant (or as they would call it, 65 centimetres) than the average Yeechan, yet only four limbs!  Not to mention that bizarre method of combating overheating they employed, releasing liquids from their skin?  Madness truly, but effective and certainly superior to our biology in some ways.  Being "Cold Blooded" as they called it has some real drawbacks.

"You have four arms and you can't use even two of them to make a coffee?" The strange hairs on the human's face distract me from what he asks.

"Ahem, ssssorry Chief, I wasn't aware you needed to imbibe thiss beverage constantly.  I sssshould ssset up a drip whilst your people ssssssleep?  Can your body ssstore thisss Caffeine you sssssspeak of?"

He seems confused.  Or aroused.  It can be hard to tell with the fleshy species.  If only they'd evolved to change colour.

"No, er, don't do that.  Just wondered why you were hanging out here by the machine.  Wouldn't mind a latte right now. " He seems to be stifling a yawn,

"Its been a long night."  

"Yessss, perhapsss you should ressst sssoooon human.  We approach my planet."  I see his eyes widen in alarm.

"I thought you said we wouldn't be there for days?" 

I cough with amusement, before realising that I really should have been more clear with my instructions.  This is no coughing matter, any mistakes that arise from this mission will be on me.  The high council's appetite for those who fail is insatiable.  Literally.

"Ah yesss.  Perhaps human, I should have been a little more clear: a day for usssss issss no more than three of your Earth hourss."

His alarm appears to be growing.  I must reassure him of in some manner.  These fleshies are emotional.

"I believe all your equipment issss loaded.  There isss nothing more you can do my friend.  Sssimply wait for us to arrive."

His mouth moves in what I know to be a smile, but it appears strained.

"Remind of what we can expect when we arrive?  Your planet is like earth yes?"

"Ahhh, yesss and no.  The higher oxygen levels means that you will have to stay in the suits your people have brought.  However, you will be sssadly unable to appreciate my planetsss many wondersss.  The first thing you will see is fire.  A huge foresst fire has been raging for 10 days now, however fortunately it has not chosen to attack any settlements.  That time has passssed and itsss mercy isss at an end.  There is a city in its path where I believe you will be landing: I beg you, hold back the flame.  There are thoussands living there."

His smile now seems genuine.

"Its what we do, now give me that coffee.  I don't think I'll be sleeping now I know whats coming."

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Flame.  Unbearable heat.  A building collapses to my right and my litter-mate screams.  Our young, trailing behind him have been wailing for a long time now.  They cannot bear the heat, dying on the inside, no way to cool down.  My mate grasps two of the slower ones and drags them behind him as we turn a corner, the flames creeping after us, devouring all like a swarm of red insects.  Innumerable.  Unstoppable.

Now, surrounding us.

Other litters stumble from the streets around, some of them clearly barely hatched, their parents coughing, doing their best to herd them from the fire that consumes our district.  But there is no escaping it.  The wall of smoke rises, blocking out all sight of the rest of the city, smothering us beneath waves of ash as the weakest among us begin to collapse.  My mate looks at me and I see in his hand, a large Kruhl knife.  He looks anxiously at our litter, still wailing and watching the flames grow closer.  Barely hatched.  Our first.

They say there's no death more painful than being taken by the flames.

But look.   There in the sky, a burning light drawing ever closer.  Some new pain ready to be inflicted upon us, no doubt.  But perhaps it will be faster.

"Ssstay your hand," I whisper to my mate, "the asssh will make usss sssleep."

The colour drains from him and he hugs our litter close.  I step in to join.

"I love you all."

A glance at the sky reveals that the object is almost upon us and a gasp ripples through the Yeechans gathered as a huge object slams into a building to our left.  Its impact alone shakes the ground beneath our feet and blasts the fire back by at least twenty frants.  The huge egg shaped container, twenty frants in diameter expends four huge limbs, which dig into the ground.  Then from ducts all over it, it sprays a clear liquid.  The fire dies where this liquid touches, in a way I have never seen.  Where it touches us it cools, I hear cries of joy and relief from all those around me.

Then, one side of the eggs drops forward and a figure strides out.  Taller than our largest male, wearing a strange yellow and black garb and a helmet.  Its face is pinkish and without scales and it carries a strange kind of tube.  It glances at us for a moment as a huge red vehicle trundles out of the egg behind it.  Then it turns and unleashes a powerful spray of liquid at the nearest burning building, completely extinguishing the fire that engulfed it.  The machine is driving up another street, other figures disembarking from it, carrying more long tubes, apparently attached to the vehicle. 

As I turn to my mate with relief, a deafening siren begins ringing, so loud that many cover their auditory holes.  But not me.

To me its the best sound I've ever heard.