"Thank you for sitting down with us this afternoon, Dr. Annihilation." The young woman seated across the desk reached out her hand, and he accepted the handshake with some care, ensuring he didn't disturb the grey tiger striped cat currently sprawled across the center of his desk. He'd taken a liking to the little guy, and he felt the image would help to smooth over the transition. Animals were sympathetic. The reporter leaned back into her seat, and set a small folder as well as her phone on the table, "I assume you still consent to having our discussion recorded?"

"Of course," Dr. Annihilation settled back into his chair, facing towards the reporter and away from the view of the battered city out his office's generous windows, "I'm always happy to help the Villain Compendium clear the air. We are nothing if not a transparent organization."

"Nothing?" The woman smiled, "Not even evil? Why call yourself villains then?"

Alaina Wu was the ace reporter for the New York Times, and someone the compendium had worked with throughout the war as a point of contact and a mouthpiece for their side of the story. She was not, Dr. Annihilation noted, strictly an ally - but she had come as close as many throughout the struggle. She deserved a good answer, whether or not her readers did.

"I won't deny that the term carries negative connotations," he let his hand fall idly onto the cat's back, and stroked it gently. As the cat began emitting a low purr he picked his words with care, "There were those among us who wanted nothing more than destruction. It's possible the heroes were even right to begin this war to stop them. Pentaporcupine comes to mind, that cobalt bomb would have rendered much of Portugal uninhabitable." He pitched his voice a little lower, giving leash to a certain ring of authority, "That's why the compendium condemned him. Even before he lost his struggle with the Eurofriends. That situation is at an end, I should think the highly visible recovery of the nations of the world makes that clear." He winked at the reporter, "of course, I won't claim to be entirely altruistic. I own most of the companies winning contracts to rebuild the Northeast. My stock portfolio couldn't be higher, and most of the world is still smoldering. Villains win, but that doesn't mean a rising tide can't lift a few more boats."

"So you're saying villains have more to offer humanity than their evil plots?"

"See, that's a fundamental misunderstanding of what it means to be a villain." Dr. Annihilation smiled at her as he shifted his hand to idly scratch the cat's ears. Immediately the little guy sprawled wider in front of him as the pitch of its purring deepened. Annihilation tilted his head backward, indicating the windows in the back of his office looking out over New York harbor and the extensive rebuilding efforts underway, "Look behind me. To be a supervillain you need an extensive amount of long term strategic, and logistic, thinking. Anyone can be born with super strength, or laser eyes, not just anyone can construct an underground venom aquifer. Those skills mean something when it comes time to put the world back together. The Compendium has those skills." 

The girl frowned a bit, "Venom aquifer, sir?"

Annihilation waved the question away with with a little flick of his wrist, and the cat glared at him for a moment until he resumed scratching behind its ears. "Nothing to worry about, dear. Just a little something we had planned in case Aquaman decided to go through with the whole 'invade singapore with whales' plan that got so much attention there at the end." He jerked the thumb not currently occupied with feline duties towards the harbor behind him, "You really think the Iron Antler could have organized a relief column, gotten the steel mills back up and running in Pittsburgh, cleared the rubble off I-80, and gotten business back up and running this quickly?" He scoffed, "I think we all know you'd all just be dealing with a guy whose idea of 'saving people' involved knocking a *skyscraper* into another, *larger skyscraper*. You could see Freedom Tower from here before, of course - but you definitely can't see it now. It's one of the reasons I picked 4 World Trade to run the rebuilding from. It's as visible a scar as any on Earth."

The reporter frowned, "Point taken. I suppose it could be that you're right that the villain compendium was better prepared for a world after the war. But the Iron Antler only knocked it over to try and stop Multimind, right?"

Annihilation shrugged, "Sure. That's what he and the president said at least, and I genuinely believed it. But here's the thing, Multimind's entire plan was published on line two days before the attack. The entire goal was to what, get those people to stop eating meat? Well congrats, they're dead now. Multimind wins." He stifled a chuckle before it could even be born - a man had to watch his appearances this close to the end game, "I guess what I'm saying is all the heroes were playing this big drastic game; trying to stop the villains from firing some big death ray or something." At the words death ray, the cat arched his back gracefully, rolled to his feet, and hopped off the desk. He used the newly free hand to point at the roof, "I have a death ray, Mrs. Wu, the world saw it fire. I killed exactly one super hero, and before he met that end the Antler killed thousands of civilians. Just saying." 

Annihilation stood to leave, He was a busy man and the interview's time slot was up. The doctor walked over and gave the young woman a hand up from her chair. She apparently saw the opportunity for one last question, "So what's next for you doctor? For all of us?"

The villain smiled broadly, "For all of us, a new era of peace. I think you'll find the villain compendium to be entirely more reasonable than you've been led to expect." Annihilation gestured at the cat that had taken up residence in the office window, gazing in feline amusement at the world below him, "For myself, I intend to continue enjoying the very particular form of punishment the Zookeeper came up with for all our surviving hero friends. I think Mr. Superlative here has taken well to his new roll in life."

He led her out of the office, and to the elevator in the port authority offices Annihilation had made his headquarters, and waved her a fond farewell. A new era for villains indeed.    