Huh... Well I didn't expect that.

When I read the '*Getting into heaven: Step 3*' card I expected to see an absolutely terrible villain. I had a few candidates in mind, too.

> "Step 3: Prepare to confront the person who caused you most hurt in your life. You cannot proceed until a mutually positive resolution is achieved."

So when the amorphous putty-homonculus in the chamber began to morph into "the person who caused me most hurt in my life", my stomach started to turn over. It was like the Boggart scene in the Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkhaban movie: once it settled on a form, it would be simultaneously immobilising and harrowing, and I'd be forced to reach reconciliation with it before I could move on.

Then it stopped searching for a form, and became me. 

(What a trite outcome - I really should've seen it coming.)

"It's some divine metaphor", I thought to myself. "About the fickleness of life and the fact that, as humans, we're inevitibly destined to harm ourselves in the pursuit of what we believe to be positive progress". 

Too deep. Why couldn't it just have been the guy who beat me senseless for no reason when I was 17, hospitalising me for three months and making me miss several of my peer group's key formative experiences. That caused me a lot of harm.

But whatever. Contrived philosophical conversation was what was required to move onto heaven, so I started my spiel.

"Hey, me. I'm sorry I hurt you. Whatever choice (or choices) I made that harmed us were from a place of accidence or ignorance, they were never intentional."

Other-me just started at me blankly.

I tried again.

"If I could go back and make different choices I would, believe me" (I couldn't actually think of any major regrets in my life: I'd always considered that a good thing but at that point I wondered whether I'd misinterpreted the whole thing).

Still nothing. A deadpan stare from other-me, who moments ago was just a human-shaped lump of putty. So surreal to be patronised by a minutes-old mute parody of yourself.

Then a slow sigh eminated from other-me, gradually becoming a recognisable syllable: perhaps it wasn't mute after all?

"ahhhhhh---h-hhh----toe".

Huh?

"toe", other-me said.

"Toe?", I asked, searching for some glimpse of meaning.

"Toe. S-s-ssstub. Toe"

"Stubbed toe?"

"Yesss-ss. Stubt. Toe."

It's unsettling speech was becoming gradually more comprehensible. But still no less unsettling.

"Toe" it said. "You stubbed... your toe. When you were... twelve. Most painful... experience. Of your life."

"More painful", it continued, "in absolute terms" (apparently its speech ability was in full swing now) "than anything else you ever encountered".

I was dumbstruck. And mildly immasculated. 

"More painful than when Jessica left? Or when I ran over my own foot with my new Nissan Leaf? That hurt my body and my pride in roughly equal measure"

"Yes. The most painful experience in objective, absolute terms was you stubbing your toe at twelve years old".

"Oh. Well, I'm sorry. That was totally an accident". 

I felt almost cheated out of the contrived philosophical conversation I'd spurned earlier. This was such an unflattering and ridiculous hurdle to have to jump to enter the afterlife.

"No problem, brother", other-me said, before returning unceremoniously to the horrendous amorhpous humanoid mannequin form he became of minutes before. There wasn't even a conciliatory handshake.

A door appeared, and the the '*Getting into heaven: Step 3*' card I had in my hand disappeared in a burst of non-painful flame. 

I walked through, into the afterlife, leaving the amorphous thing to wait for the arrival of the next person en route to the afterlife. 

I only hope they have a less banal realisation and resolution.


* Minor edits to grammar / pacing