Thing single, pendulous bulb cast a glaring beam of light down onto the metal table between them. Two girls, each resting on the border between the light's reign and the darkness embroidering the rest of the, sat staring, unblinking, each gaging the reaction of the other.

The gaunt one spoke first. 

'Wendy...what's this about?'

'As if you don't already know, Felicia.'

'I really don't. Listen, I have bio to do still, can I go now or wha-'

Wendy slammed her fist down onto the table, shaking the ground beneath them and causing the swinging light, which had nearly ended its motion, to regain momentum and forge a new path akin to that of an oblique circle.

'Where were you on the night of December 13th?' The words rang out between them and held still in the thin air, tempting one of them to pluck them from their place and continue the deadly conversation. Felicia reached out to grab them and began to formulate her response.

'I was at John's party.'

'I know. I can't believe you!' Each of Wendy's words contained a lethal dose of anger poised on each syllable.

'What, Wendy? What do you think I did?'

'Think you did? THINK YOU DID? YOU LISTEN HERE! I KNOW WHAT YOU DID YOU LITTLE-...'
She cast a furtive glance over her shoulder at the staircase that was still enveloped in a shroud of darkness and then held it, studying the darkness for her father or one of her neb-nose sisters. She looked back to her adversary.

'...you little /see-you-next-tuesday/...' Anger brimmed on her eyes and permeated throughout the basement. 

'I didn't do anything, Wendy.'

'YOU TOTALLY KISSED JEREMY YOU ASSHOLE!'

'It's not that big of a deal, Wend. It happens to everyone. You just gotta saddle back up, ya' know? I mean, c'mon! You think Dorothy let that James dude get her down when he dumped her? Or Patricia when Jackson had to move? Honestly, it's not that big of a deal.' She got up to move, when she felt the force of her sister pressing her back into her seat. Her eyes were glowing red.

'Wendy, no. You know you don't want to do this...' But the damage had already been done. Felicia felt the anger building inside her. She tried to control it but it boiled over inside her and broke her self-control. In the distance she could hear her two sisters squabbling and then wrestling above her. She laughed to herself. /They always were the easiest to manipulate/, she thought. Her eyes locked back with her sister, and she felt her power surge behind them.

'Well, if you want to fight, then let's fight.'

Edit : Formatting 