Why do we fight?

We fight because we are what we were born to be. We live, we love, we die. We fight because we were given no choice, no matter what the others might say.

They'll tell you we fight because it's in our nature, because we are brutal, uncivilised and violent. That we revel in bloodshed. 

It's true. Our history is one of war, a never-ending sea of conflict stretching back through the annals of time to long before recorded history. We have fought each other in new and more gruesome ways than even bears thinking about.

But that is not why we fight today. We once fought for nothing but ourselves; for power, for control, to subdue and subject others to our tyranny. But we reached a time when we put down our weapons. We reached a time of peace. And we used that peace to build a better world, one where we understood our base desires, where we controlled them, and bent them to our will.

They say we are savages because they have never experienced life as we do. They carry on through the universe, gliding on a serene cloud of ignorance and calm. They claim to experience love, to know joy. But what is love without hate? What is joy, without fear. They have lived their lives in patience and peace, advancing, even prospering.

But they do not know how it feels to have your heart beating out of your chest. They do not know how it feels to rage against the world, to fight for something with passion and vigor.

Adrenaline. That's what this all boils down to. They fear it. They fear us. They have no tolerance for it. They only know it for the uncontrolled fear, anger, the raging strength it gives them that they cannot control.

We know the truth. We have fought against our inner demons every day of our lives. We take the strength our bodies give us, and we hone it, we guide it, and we are more powerful because of it!

They seek to destroy us. They seek to civilise the galaxy by making us more like them. By changing us.

They burned the earth. They took our home. We are the last remnants. But we have shown them the power that adrenaline carries, the ingenuity that only true fear can bring. They brought us to our knees. And today, we shall bring them to theirs.

And when they beg for mercy, we will decide, whether to be the monsters they fear, or the people we were born to be. And they will find out whether that is one in the same.

