The door to the interrogation room opened. The person inside looked up from her table to see the detective walk in.

"Good evening Miss Johnson, I hope you haven't been treated too badly by the boys?" he asked.

"As badly as they would someone who allowed over a hundred million dollars to vanish in the blink of an eye," she spat back.

"Now don't be like that. I'm sure we'll sort this out in no time."

"Yeah, keep telling yourself that."

The detective sighed as he pulled out a pen and notebook from his coat, as well as a folder that he opened, revealing a profile of a man in his thirties.

"I'll ask you a few questions, if you don't mind." said the detective.

"That's what you're here for."

"Miss Johnson, as the former manager of the United Bank headquarters, you were the one that gave the key to the suspect."

"Was that a question?"

"Just establishing some facts."

"Yes, I was."

"What did he tell you that prompted you to give it to him?"

"I thought he was joking."

"What?"

"I thought he was joking," repeated the former manager.

The detective ran a hand through is hair. "You can't be serious, are you telling me you gave the key to--"

"Yes, yes, I did."

"And you thought he was joking."

"You're just repeating yourself."

"Miss Johnson..."

"Smith was a man who could never tell a lie, okay?" said Miss Johnson heatedly. "Never in a million years. The last time he tried to, everyone in the office saw through it. Lying and Smith in the same sentence was just impossible."

"So he was telling the truth about wanting to rob the bank? Why did you give it to him, still?"

At this the young executive looked down, sheepish. "I wasn't in the right frame of mind back then," she said, looking away.

The detective frowned but wrote it on his notebook. 

"Go on," he said.

"It was a slow day that day, not many clients. I recall Smith going back and forth from the vault several times. I asked him about it, and he said 'he was bored'. So I let him be." said Miss Johnson.

"So when did--"

"I was getting to that. I returned to my office to finish up some paperwork. A few minutes later he came to my office, asking for my key and my part of the vault's password. He said he was going to steal the vault."

"And you just gave it to him?"

"I thought he was joking!"

"Has he joked before in his work?"

"Sometimes. He wasn't unsociable by any means, but that doesn't mean he's doesn't interact with us."

The detective wrote down that piece of information on the paper. But something flashed in his mind.

"What kid of jokes does he tell you?"

"Anti-jokes. His humor was flat and dry," said Miss Johnson. She tucked a strand of hair behind her ear. "That was why I thought he was joking when he said that he was going to steal the money in the vault. That vault is the most secure in the world, only accessible when you enter two different keys and passwords at the same time. "

"And as the head of security, he has the second set of keys and passwords..."

"Urk--!"

Shaking his head, the detective stowed away his materials back into his coat and stood up. Miss Johnson's gaze followed him as he went to the door.

"Well, I think that about sums up everything. Thank you for your time, Miss Johnson." 

"Wait, what's going to happen to me now?"

The detective looked back at her. "Judging from what I heard today, it's not looking good, honestly."

Miss Johnson's face fell.

"In fact, if I were you, I'd plead guilty and spend the rest of my days in a minimum security prison. What you just did was worthy of The Onion, you know."

"I can't believe this," said Miss Johnson, burying her face in her hands. "I ruined my life for a joke?"

Pitying her, the detective walked and patted her on the head. "We'll solve this case, okay, and we'll get you your life back."

---

*I made a few minor edits. Thank you for reading!*