"BEEP BEEP BEEEEEEEEP." 

As the sound of the microwave alarmed me to the completion of my spicy ramen, the unmistakable scent of sodium wafted under my door and filled the cavities of my senses. My recent regular dinner routine generally takes about 5 minutes: 2 minutes to prep, and 3 minutes to cook. That's a good thing too, because recently I haven't been able to concentrate enough to cook at all. Last week I destroyed my favourite pot by accidentaly letting water boil 2 hours longer than normal, and the next day I ruined a great cut of steak by leaving one side on a searing hot pan for like 20 minutes (while i was standing right in front of it, by the way). 
If it weren't for these microwavable meals I might seriously starve, or burn my house down, or both.

I've been getting stuck in time with these amazingly vivid daydreams. It's like I completely lose track of reality and my imagination carries me somewhere else. These aren't your normal daydreams, either. It would be cool if I was taken away to a comfy bed next to an adoring girl (who just so happens to look exactly like Ariana Grande) like back in high school. These daydreams are extremely violent. Like...me killing a lot of people in a lot of ways levels of violent. I've been getting kind of worried about my psyche, if im honest...

"Oh, shit. My ramen!" As I snapped back to reality I stood up from my desk and shuffled for the door. "Please, no more distractions. I just want my fucking noodles, I thought". Just as my hand almost made contact with the door i heard a soft metal tink and rattle behind me. As my head instinctively turned I saw a strange object on the floor in front of my window. Before I could decide if I had opened the window myself or not, i was greeted with the loudest sound i've experienced in my life. From outside a house a flashbang sounds like a muffled "BOOM!", but when it's right in front of you it's more like a "CRACK!", Followed by instantaneous blindness and a ringing in your ears that feels like it will last forever. 

As soon as the grenade went off, every entrance to my room had a fully geared silhouette moving through it simultaneously. As my vision returned, the first thing I was able to make out was the distinctive "NSA" logo in bright yellow on the backs of the six men that stood around me. The weird thing was that none of the guns (of which there were many) were pointed at me. As soon as the men moved in with rehearsed precision, they surrounded me as if I was being protected and lowered their weapons.

The first thing I heard was spoken in a hushed voice from the largest man, directly behind me in formation. 
"SLEEPER ASSET CODENAME: GOLDFISH CONFIRMED SECURE....Yes sir, it looks like we got here before the CIA..........what?........Heat signatures outside?....no time for exfil...copy......"

Just as the others heard the end of the team leaders conversation they tensed back up and raised their weapons towards the exits. The team leader picked me up by the shirt with extreme force emanating from his single arm as if I was the weight of a toddler. This man had an aura of seriousness so thick I could see it through the mask. He pulled the sidearm from his holster, and held it in front of me as the phrase "P226 9mm" pulsed through my head. "How the fuck do I know that?" As the weapon raised towards my waist the leader flipped it over, looked me dead in the eye, and said with perfect clarity. "There are men coming from the CIA to kill you, i know you don't know why you know how to use this, but you do. We will not be able to hold them off without you".   

In an instant my demeanor went from "scared child" to "stone cold". It's like the knowledge of my life being threatened sent my instincts into overdrive. Flight wasn't even being considered in my subconscious. Fight was the only option, and for some reason, i felt totally prepared for it. I quickly grabbed the steel framed pistol from his hand, removed and checked the magazine to confirm munition count, and raised it towards the exit to establish sight picture. I positioned myself with the team as if we had practiced this a thousand times before. 

My ears were suddenly perked like a German Shepard when I heard a very light creak from somewhere else in the house. 

In an instant we all moved our manual safety selectors to the fire position with an audible chorused "click" and prepared for what lay ahead of us. The last thing i remembered before I dazed off into another daydream was the man to my rear left whispering with a stoic sincerity. 

"Here they come".






