          “We need to talk.” He said calmly, “About the map stabbing-... We understand that you get a touch... excited, occasionally, but the maps we use are of limited supply, for secrecies sake, of course... and the holes make it quite hard to interpret.”

          “What do you mean?” King David interjected, “How hard can it be to look past a little prick here and there? I simply stab the location of the enemy- for umm... good luck, of course.”

          “Well, your good luck sent an entire battalion eleven miles east of where they were supposed to defend our access to the southern ports.”
          
          “And?” The king inquired.
          
          “-And that allowed a convoy to be attacked and overrun by the opposing force, we lost a massive shipment of sugar and wine from our southern colonies.” General Ivan continued, “If we don’t get the next shipment in we are in for a serious shock to the capital’s economy, those supplies were going to be traded for refined iron and  access to the eastern timberlands.”
          
          The king remained silent.
          
          “However” Said General Ivan, breaking the silence. “Negotiations with the Jin Shi are not off yet, we have a second shipment of goods coming in that were supposed to be distributed amongst our people and merchants, but it can be used in place of the lost shipment... and I’m sure the Jin Shi can wait another two weeks for sugar and wine.”

          The sound of hurried footsteps can be heard rushing down the corridor, as soon as they were noticed, the door was already opening for an officer with a message clasped in his hands. 
          
          “What could be urgent enough to interrupt the council between a king and his general?!” King David exclaimed.
          
          “Sir, I apologize, I never meant-“
          
          “Spit it out-“ the king said, “it must be important.”

          “Sir, it’s a message directly from the ruler of the Jin Shi, he states that he will provide twice the number of men we have to protect all of our southern ports.” The officer continued, “If we give over control of a chosen southern colony, along with complete ownership of the top portion of Serpent’s Tail river.”

          “I have nothing to say...” Said General Ivan, “This decision is left entirely up to you, sir.”

          “So it is...” said the king.



          
   
Idk how I managed to make the text do that, but whatever.