This was insane. I mean, this girl can not have been more than 12, and hear she was trying to summon me.


"Work," she whispered. "Come on, please..."


Curious, I allowed her to summon me to her realm. I appear within the circle with a loud POP, taking careful time to scan over my surroundings.


The child was foolish, but well prepared. A circle of salt was laid out around me, seemingly trapping me inside of it. Off to her side, a cast iron fireplace poker was resting on the floor, no doubt to stab me with if things did not go her way. And of course, there were crosses all over the place, including one dangling around her neck. This girl was a fool. And I do not abide fools.


Still, the child was powerful enough to summon me. Perhaps it would be prudent to see what she wanted.


"Um...excuse me?" The child questioned meekly. I turned my gaze to her, eyeing her up and down. A typical example of the species. Dark-haired, wearing a very dishevelled dress. I was shocked, however, to find her with child. "Why have I been summoned," I hissed angrily. "No child should be able to summon the great Balaam!"


"It's...my father," she confides. "He...well, you see."


From upstairs, I heard the creak of a door in desperate need of oil, a loud slam. I decided to lie in wait, honoring the girls unspoken request. I turned myself invisible and left the salt circle, picking up the iron poker. And I waited.


From upstairs, an angry voice called out. "Gladys? Where the Devil are ya?"


"Down here Father," the girl who was apparently Gladys called back. She cast one last desperate look around the room, before her eyes settled on the poker floating in mid-air behind the staircase. Loud thuds, the sound of creaking footsteps. Gladys through a rug over the salt circle, and threw herself onto a nearby chair, grabbing and beginning to fold a basket of nearby laundry.


"There ya are," the drunk man said. He was close now. "Yer doin' me laundry, ay? Did ya do any of the other chores I asked o' yee?"


Gladys lowered her eyes, beginning to shake. "Yes, Father."


The drunk man leered. "Attagirl! But I thought I asked ya to be done before I returned?" The man took off his belt, and continued down the stairs. "I expect obedience. I'm afraid I'll aff to punish ya now."


Seeing no better time to strike, I hooked the fireplace poker under his leg, tripping him. Being so drunk as he was, the man fell flat on his face. I stepped out of my hiding place. Brandishing the poker, I stabbed the tip into the father's back. He led out a sputtering gasp, and breathed no more.


We sat in silence for a moment. It was Gladys who finally broke it.


"I expect you'll be wantin payment now," she inquired nervously. "Me child?"


"Your child is yours," I said simply. "No payment is necessary." I popped away in a puff of red smoke.