Andrew adjusted the stocking over his face. It clung to his forehead with all the grace of a condom. Which was fitting, because he was feeling like a bit of a dick. 

"Hold on, honey. Let me help you with that." Sylvia pulled the bunched up nylon down past her husband's lips. "Now you look the part. Shall we go over the plan?"

"Sure. Hey, are these the new nylons? They smell sour," complained Andrew, scratching at his disguise. 

"Of course, dearest." To tell the truth, Sylvia hadn't treated herself to any new clothes for months, which is why she was just right then enjoying the silky rasp of a brand new pair of stockings whilst Andrew was breathing air filtered through the sweat stained fabric of her old ones. She sighed at the snug fit on her legs under that staid skirt she'd put on for the PLAN. Those gams had been the talk of the town back in the day. Twelve new year resolutions to get trim had fallen by the wayside. So many other things to do. 

"OK. According to the Instagram account of our dear Mister Metropolis, junction of first and fourth is his patch. He does the evening to two am shift, and he's got a clean record there so far, so a purse snatching is something he's gotta respond to. I grab the bag and duck into the third alley on the right to search it. You join me in five."

"Just like old times, Andy. Give us a kiss before we go."

---

Andrew was wheezing as he upended the bag, scattering makeup, receipts and the other mysterious contents of Sylvia's purse onto the concrete. Thirty years and he still had no clue what she put in there. He glanced at his watch. Three minutes. Mister Metropolis was late. And that was the last thing he recalled before a shadow at his side unfolded itself and clocked him so hard across the chin that he was lifted several feet off the ground and smack into the brown brick of the alley. 

Mister Metropolis stood over him, every inch the superhero. His trading card listed him with superhuman speed, strength and reflexes. The man was sculpted like a corn fed greek god, blond hair, blue eyes, chiselled chin. Muscles rippled under skin tight spandex in blue and gold, clinging to every inch of his body like it had been spray painted on. 

"Jeff Pimble. You will stop right there and help your father up this instant."

The shriek occupied a very specific frequency in the reptilian hindbrain of sons everywhere and brooked no argument. Mister Metropolis, or Jeff, as it were, was already on his knees and picking Andrew up before his higher brain functions kicked in. 

"Mom?"

"Oh don't Mom me. You too good to call your parents once in awhile? Too good to come home for Christmas? What's with that hair? What's wrong with with brown?"

Sylvia rattled on; she had the lung capacity of a synchronized swimmer once she had her blood up and, with her hands on her hips and her voice climbing up an octave, her blood was most definitely up. Jeff unfolded his bulk into the naughty dog slouch known to teenage boys everywhere, still trying to fathom how a routine crime bust was rapidly spiralling down into the fourth worst day of his life. For the record, two of the top three also involved his mother. One of them involved an unlocked bathroom door and, regrettably, a wrinkled and much stained Penthouse magazine. It would have been so bad if his mother didn't automatically list all his past sins in reverse chronological order whenever she got started on him, all the way back to the stitches she'd needed after childbirth. 

His train of thought, already teetering on the verge of balance, was totally derailed when his mother gave an ear shattering shriek. "What in the name of Joseph, Mary and all the saints are you wearing?"

Jeff looked down at his spandex covered body, from his immense pecs (voted Mr Superhero Body Beautiful two years running!) to his superman sized codpiece (never be nutshot again!) and felt the heat rise from his neck to the tip of his ears. 

"Go easy on the boy, Sylvia. How ya doin' son?"

"Ummm, hi dad. Not bad I suppose. Are you alright? I hit you pretty hard."

"Nah, I'm good. Truth be told, I've been hit a lot harder back in the day. I'm a little rusty, but I still got it." Andrew mimed a classic boxers pose, giving Jeff a playful shot to the shoulder. Jeff grimaced, that tap hurt more than it should have. "What your momma wants to know is why you don't call any more."

Sylvia had closed the distance between them and was tying her sweater around the waist of her son, censoring the offending member from any young innocents in the vicinity. 

"I can't be seen around you folks, dad. You know how many enemies I have?"

"Ah, I suppose that's why you got all your powers from those government labs instead of having them from when you were a wee lad?"

"Have you been looking through my Facebook page, dad?"

"Your ma does it. I'm not so good with computers."

"It's all about the ratings, nobody wants to believe someone who grew up on a farm can be a superhero," said the boy, still trying to push his mother away from his waist. 

"So you couldn't at least pick up the phone, call your ma once in awhile?"

"It's a tough world for heroes. What with all the interviews, sponsors and all that social media stuff, I'm lucky if I have time to fight crime at all."

"Here's the funny thing, son. Sounds to me that you're kinda ashamed of what you are. Or worried that your enemies will come after your folks." The older man got to his feet, brushed the dust off his clothes and took the arm of his wife. "Sometimes you just gotta remember the important things. Like maybe how you got to be so strong in the first place." 

The couple left then, leaving Mister Metropolis to stare, open mouth, at the network of cracked bricks his father had left in the wall. 
