I'm late posting but this is my first writing prompt!! Based off true legends and myths. Footnotes are provided for more knowledge. Enjoy!

PART I: FINALLY (Prequel)



"Finally" I whispered.
 
*I'm done with seeing cocks everyday for the past four months. I want to get back home and look my wife in her eyes and tell her how beautiful she is. I'm thinking of all the things I will do to her[^1]! First I need to get off this trireme! She is all I can think about as I see Athens grow in the distance.* 

My closest friend, is also a hoplite, stood beside me. He notice my happy demeanor eventhough I tried to hide it.

"Ready to get back to your wife," he stated. Theseus knew me all to well. We known each other since we were punching each other in the face as brats. I smile and enjoy the view, anticipating the moment to see the most amazing thing in this world and in the afterlife. 

"We are almost there. Maybe you can help me find a woman of my own once we land," said Theseus. "If you're able to keep your little Minotaur and small pebbles in your garment then maybe I can help you on your quest," I stated with a little smile. He laughed. "Praise be to Ares!" he and I both echoed for our victory in battle against the Persians. Now we can finally get back to our lives at home.

We finally arrived at Athens and the city is full of life and vigor. I try to spot my wife out of the hundreds on the shore. I didn't see her. Something wasn't right. It's not like her. *Is she okay, I wondered.*  Theseus and I parted ways and I walked home to the greatest blessing the gods have ever given me still excited to see her face. 

I knocked on the door and moments later it slowly began to open. And then I saw her. Beautiful than Aphrodite[^2] was my wife. But I notice an unfamiliar emotion. 

I looked upon on her soft smile but yet worried look. "Welcome home Pirithous." she said as she hugged me. "Blessings of Athena[^3]" I said but she didn't say anything. That's not like her. She was more adamant about Athena than I was. Regardless I tried to make my move, kiss her, pick her up and initiate my plan that I had the moment I left her presence. But she pushed me away and turned her head every time I tried to kiss her. *What is going on*, I thought. She said, "we need to have a talk. There is something I need to tell you..." *Something she needs to tell me!* I paused there motionless hoping to hear the slightest words to her answers.... "I'm 3 months pregnant," she said softly. I was about to be extremely happy then in the same instant I realize I was gone for 4 months and 9 days from her. *What the... How the...* I can feel the rage boiling inside me and she could feel my rage was about to burst then she stated that Zeus raped her. "That son of a bitch," I scream! "He raped me more than once," she cried. I was so furious and so broken. If the world could feel my rage the world will feel the greatest earthquake known to man, even the those on Mt. Olympus would hear its thunder. *I will get my revenge. I will get it now. Nothing will stop me. My heart and all the love I've know was taken advantage of by the gods by the ones I praised and worshiped. There is no god I can pray to for them to do my bidding. There is no praying, no worship, just action now. I have one goal in mind. Heads will roll. No one is going to get in my way! I'll be damn if some god thinks he can have his way with the love of my life. Over my dead body and I ain't dead yet. I am going to get my revenge and no one is going to stop me from facing Zeus man to god, mortal to immortal.*

I walked toward the door. She tried to stop me and begged me to stay. I couldn't. I wouldn't be able to live with knowing I didn't do anything to get revenge. *Damn war took me away from my wife and I wasn't there to protect her! No one fought for her while I was gone.* My anger began to boil more as I continue to think of what happen. My wife cried, "What are you going to do Pirithous?" 

I slight turn my head as stopped in the doorway, my hand curling up into a fist. "I am going to knock his f****** lights out." 

I walked out the door closing it behind me fulled with rage! *I am not going to stop until I die or I get my revenge.* In such a haste I left spear and shield at home. *Doesn't matter. I will puch him so hard in the face he will have to shit thunderbolts.*

*When I fight for Greece I am fighting for her. There is nothing I love more than Greece my home except her. She's the reason my heart beats. I'll be damn if I let anyone, anything, man or god wreak havoc on her.*


Footnote:
[^1 I'm going to screw her brains out like a demon from the underworld or maybe. Maybe I'll be gentle... Nah screw her brains out]
[^2 Aphrodite, the goddess of love, is famous for her exquisite beauty. She has such charm that she is one of the most powerful deities. But my wife is the most beautiful creation I ever seen. She is not ill-tempered nor easily offended like Aphrodite nor do she has many lovers like her. My wife has only me.]



I will make more edits and part two if a lot of people want me to write that is, lol! 