With a heavy sigh I got out of bed. My body ran on autopilot as I got through my usual morning routine: shower, shave, breakfast. I looked at the clock, dreading as it neared 9am.

"I guess I should get going..." I said with disdain. 

The walk to the bus felt like an eternity. It was pure torture. Normally people would cherish the time they spent away from their jobs as they would try and enjoy this time for themselves. All I kept thinking was the hatred towards every minute that passed by, bringing me closer to my job.

The bus got here on time, as usual. Groaning, I walk up to the bus's steps, the driver smiling his goofy smile. How I envy his happiness.

After the usual greetings I proceed to my solitary seat in the back. The bus takes off as I close my eyes, resting me head on the window. Just thinking about my job gives me a headache. My supervisor coming in and hassling me in my cubicle. 

Actually... my head really does hurt. "OWWW!" I yell out as I open my eyes. My eyes adjust to the dark room I've suddenly appeared in, the only source of light coming from the candles surrounding me. 

'Is... is that a demonic star I'm standing in?' I think to myself.

As my eyes adjust I notice 2 figures, shaking in fear in the corner. 

"I didn't think this would actually work! I thought it was just a fiction book! He looks tall. I wonder how tall he is." I kept hearing from their direction. 

"Umm... I'm 6 foot 2." I answer.

"Ah! H- he can read minds!" One of the girls yells out. She struggles to find her composure, straightening up as best she can and walks forward, still shaking. 

"I- I am the one who summoned you. You must obey me!" She yells out, her voice breaking. It sounds like she's near crying. 

"Oh, this was so stupid of me. I shouldn't have done this. I bet he's angry. He's a demon. Of course he's gonna be angry. He won't want to help me at all. Am I gonna for? I dont want to die."

She kept saying all these things but I noticed one thing. Her lips weren't moving. She was still shaking. Ugh. This headache was getting worse. And I could also hear her friend in the back.

"It was a joke. Maybe if I explain it to him he'll spare me. I didn't believe summoning these demons was possible. Our magic isn't strong enough to summon these demons. I just wanted to make her feel better. Me and my stupid ideas."

She wasn't talking either. I really can read minds.

"What do you want?" I bellow out. More because of the headache than the situation as I rub my temples.

"Oh, well um..." she stammers out. Struggling to find her words. Her mind is talking clearly however. 

"I should be honest. No... maybe I should just send him back to hell. But if he can help me out it would be useful. Demons are cunning. Or maybe just send him back."

Most of the questions I have seem to have been answered already from their minds. I'm a demon from hell and they summoned me to help out. Fitting... I do consider where I come from hell.

"So you want me to help you out with something?" I ask simply. 

"Y- yes.... that's right." She says. 

Multiple thoughts race across both of their heads with the details of what they need help with as she continues to stammer. Ugh. I focus myself and drown them out. 

'Hmm.... simple enough. Just like ignoring someone in real life.' I think to myself.

"I- I know that making a deal requires me to give you something. I don't have much but I can offer you artifacts, money or..." she continues to stammer.

"I don't really feel like going back to... where I come from." I say, interrupting her. 

"I'll help you out. As for what I want... I'll decide on that when I finish helping you."

"O- ok... I can see why you wouldn't want to go back to hell with your ears and tail ripped off." 

I raise and eyebrow as the girl takes off her hood, revealing cat ears underneath.

This is going to be interesting. 