My wife Kei took a deep breath. As the parent of 3 superheroes, I worried. Not only for my kids, but for myself. Hence why I was doing this intervention thing. I, as one of their mothers, was meant to live until I got old, protecting my kids from pedophiles and theives. 

"Look kids, I know you find crime fighting cool and all, but here's the thing." I paused. "Your powers won't be all rainbows and sunshine forever."

"What do you mean? We're cleaning up this rotten town!" 

"You'll keep saying 'so what' now, but when someone gets their guts smeared across a wall because of you, trust me, you'll understand." I looked in their eyes. My daughter was stone and unmoving, my oldest son was a dear in the headlights, and my youngest, well, his eyes clouded with delicate fear. He never has been able to handle my horror stories. "If you keep crime fighting, just remember that Kris doesn't have powers. And the villains... no, the real villains, are more ruthless than you want to know."

Kei crossed her legs, a sign she was going to speak. "Yes, Sandra's right. Real villains will stop at nothing to break your minds." Kei looked at me, before looking back at the children. "The playground bad guys you've been fighting right now, they're nothing! And when you run into a true villain, people will die. It will be psycho warfare, now tell me," Kei suddenly felt much colder sitting next to me, just like... "Lilac, Kris, Clyde, are you willing to give up your youth, happiness and innocence to become true heroes? There will be no thanks. There will be no recognition. There will only be pain."

The children tensed up at Kei's sudden dark aura. "How would you...?"

"Were you two superheroes too?!" 

Kei shut her eyes and sighed. I decided I'd take the spotlight off her, and bring the attention to me. "We were the opposite. Kei was a supervillain and I was her assistant." I could see the looks of horror and betrayal on everyone's faces. "I'm not saying you follow our path. I'm saying that we know first hand the brutality of the world you've entered, and we don't want you to be hurt."

"Becoming a superhero means sacrifice, and while I won't stop or condemn you for what you're doing, just remember that people will die, minds will be broken, and alliances will be betrayed."

"We know." Lilac stated rather icily, though I could sense her betrayal.

"Fine, just remember we're here for you guys."

The children left and I looked at Kei. Did we really make the right choice?


