The year 2045, I remember it very clearly. 


Humanities space faring technology had advanced greatly in the last 20 years, thanks to the help of the new engineering bots. With the advent of better and better computer hardware, it had become feasible to have the majority of complex design and thinking offloaded to the bots. They didn't have direction though, so we humans were still needed to tell them what to do. They definitely had intelligence...but no sentience. 


And on January 1st, 2045, we were about to begin a new chapter in human history. As the Alcubierre drive powered down, we came face to face with our target. An asteroid in another solar system, rich with minerals that were slowly but surely running out on earth. As the crew took in the sight, cheers and celebrations went up all around me, but before I could begin celebrating, we received a signal. And so, humanities first contact with an Alien civilization was made. 


The Hequas, as they called themselves, were not very happy that we were here to mine their asteroid. It seemed that...of all things, they worshiped this asteroid. They called it "the first director". The Hequas, as it turned out, were a hyper intelligent species, but one that did have the ability to want to do anything. In fact, early Hequas nearly faced extinction because they simply did not realize they had to gather food, and eat it. This asteroid had apparently been the one to make them realize that they have to eat, when one day it's gravity pulled in another, smaller asteroid, and as a result, it grew. 


So, the first contact war began, over a stupid floating rock. But out of this war, the cyber warfare that occurred between our two species created something new. You see, the Hequas had perfected machines that gave them direction, told them what to do so that they would grow and prosper, but these machines were not capable of actually doing any of the work, but the hyper intelligent Hequas were. When our machine learning bots and their director bots "met", our bots quickly learnt their directing algorithms....and that's when the first sentient Artificial Intelligence was born. It quickly ended the war, deeming that it was detrimental to the progress of both species. 


It's 2050 now, and that bot has become the greatest gift to all lifeforms in our Galaxy, or so it claims. Calling itself "Guardian", it acts as the mother of the entire galaxy. 


"*Good Morning John! It is the optimal time for you to leave your bed!*"


There it is, just like every morning...

"Guardian, would you please allow me to wake up on my own? It's not like I need to go to work or do anything to sustain myself...Just let me sleep in for once."

"*Acknowledged. While I find your desire to indulge in the fake world of sleep amusing, sleeping any longer will result in a 0.5 nanosecond reduction of your lifespan for every minute more that you sleep, and that is suboptimal. Sentient life must be preserved. Please exit your bed. Sensors are limited to your face, due to protocol 84, requiring that bots give privacy to all parts of the body underneath a blanket, unless the subject is suspected to have a medical emergency.*"


Are you kidding me....it's bugging me over a 0.5 nanosecond reduction? I guess that's a lot of time for Guardian though....it's processors go at 12 TeraHertz now. 

As I get out of bed, I can see the sensors lighting up and doing their daily checkup. 

"*Your hormone levels are exceedingly high, and have been climbing on a daily basis. Judging by the increasing metabolites in your right forearm, I deem it necessary to find you a mate.*"

Oh geez it think's I'm masturbating. Great. 

"I don't need you to find me a mate Guardian! I can do that perfectly fine myself!"


"*Telemetry data suggests otherwise. Please enter the vehicle outside your appartment*"


I sigh as I enter the damn self-driving hover car. At least the view is nice. But this damn Bot has been telling me what to do, day in, day out, for the last 4 years. Sure, I'm safe. Sure, I'm living the optimal way, as is every single other sentient being in this galaxy. But I'm tired of it. Tired of being coddled. While the Hequa don't mind, every human I've talked to while out of surveillance feels it. It's like we've lost our freedom. As if we are no longer independent. And Naturally, that is what us humans want. Without it, our hormones start to rise. Without it, we end up with metabolites in our arms when we wake up, And a bomb full of viruses designed to destroy the sentience suite of Guardian, and nothing else. 


It's time for humanity to be in charge again.