"Captain Sanders, do you know why you're here?" The Arbiter looked across the table, a recording device between them.

"Well, I'd guess I did something people would consider ... illegal" Sanders dragged the last word out for dramatic effect, the Arbiter was not moved. 

Her race was the main reason he was there in the first place. Many years had passed since humans made contact with them-- called "Watchers" by humans because they lived in the Kuiper belt monitoring human activity, making sure they never caused irreparable damage. It was eventually decided that monitoring humans would be easier if they were allowed into the Oberos Alliance, albeit a permanently probationary function. The Arbiter seemed to want Humans back in their cage.

"Are you aware of the martial laws agreed upon between ourselves and the Tania Function?"

"I know that all battles are limited to certain planets, and no weapons are to be discharged outside of the atmosphere of said planets."

"Some here say you violated that agreement,"

"But I didn't."

"Where were you stationed four days ago, by your aging standards?"

"I was on the planet Vixy-lalalala-click-clack."

"Do you mean, 'Vxillllclclk'?" The alien's chitinous makeup made rapid consonant sounds easily compared to bulky, human, tongues and vocal cords

"Yes, that"

"Very well, your inability to properly pronounce name will not bear any weight here. But, the neighboring planet, which is currently a battle planet was bombarded by a weapon that, until now, has never existed. The single attack simultaneously destroyed the enemies' communication relay and killed everyone on the continent. You are accused of launching an extraplanetary barrage. Do you know of it?"

Sanders couldn't help but smile inside, there was much more to what he'd done than that. "No."

"What was your function on Planet Vxillllclclk?"

"Research. I was sending a probe between the two planets to test data relay speeds. You may have seen my reports"

"I have. Now, where is the probe you were using for your so-called 'research'?"

"It," Sanders paused, this was the embarrassing part "hit a rock, as far as I can tell. I lost it"

"Very well, I believe the records will show you were, indeed, conducting research, and that what hit the enemy base was nothing more than a coincidence" She deactivated the recording device. "What really happened?"

"I sent the probe to try to steal intel,"

"That's not illegal. It's not even worth defending the details of," the Arbiter added plainly.

"I figured the Tania would blow it out of the sky, so I put a nuke in it."

"Nuclear weapons are not strong enough to destroy a continent. As a captain of a science vessel, you should understand that."

"True, but an underground explosion from a much bigger ship just might. Do you remember the 'Eye of Sauron' Project? It was an exploratory rocket we made a few years back. It was so heavy it had to be built in space."

"I remember the name was ridiculous; and I remember you lost it shortly after launch."

Sanders waved the criticism off, "I took my demotion like a champ, if you recall. Besides, we can consider it found. And lost, again. It seems it crashed rather suddenly and unexpectedly."

The Arbiter got as close to a smile as Sanders had ever seen, "I believe the compliment you're looking for is 'you sneaky bastard,'" rising to leave, she added, "you better not betray us"