Wizards, for all their power and knowledge, are cowardly by nature. Must be all those years letting their pacts and rituals do all the menial work for them, but caught off guard a wizard is next to helpless. That's why they learn to hide their presence. Magic leaves a trail, that much is known. To those with a keen sense for it, tracking a wizard can be as easy as making breakfast. Still, survival comes in numbers, and so they gather, build their cities, make laws, and hide in plain sight. Sure, they might be a lot of wizards who can't hide their magic all that well, but it's the truly powerful that can walk down the street without being detected. It's one of those that I am after.


*Finding a wizard is all about perception. One detail leads to another, as one wizard will always lead to a coven,* my master said whenever I failed to grasp the lesson, which was often during the first years after she took me in. She taught me “old magic”, little tricks that required nothing but nimble fingers and a bit of flair. Fake magic she called it. They seemed silly back then, but as I grew older I understood it was never about the tricks. And the crowd before me now was proof of the power behind them. Their expressions, a mix of awe and denial, as the cards in my hand vanish before their eyes. The inner workings of their minds reflected on the frown upon their gaze, the question nagging at the back of the mind. The raw excitement when the card they chose appears inside someone's pocket. It is art by its very nature, turned into snare for the game. 


It was a matter of time. A single streak of panic, a sideways glance in doubt, and their identity is revealed. It is the fear in their eyes that gives them away. They do not wonder how the magic is performed, nor do they find it amazing such a trick can be done. No, they fear the lack of magic in the air. The stillness in their senses gets the best of them, the belief that performing magic without a trace is sign of a warlock of the highest rank. And there it was. A man that had stopped to see what the gathering crowd was so excited about, now making a quick exit as a handful of shredded paper turned to a white dove as I flicked my wrist. Sorry, folks, show’s over.


I shoved through the people in front of me as the wizard broke into a sprint. I couldn't afford to lose him just to keep my cover. He turned a corner and I followed him into an alley closed by a tall brick wall. He stood with his back against it, as if trying to push through it to get away from me. “Stop, don't hurt me, please!” he pleaded, voice cracking and dry.


I did stop. There was something in his posture that made me reconsider. He had a hand in the wall, and the other held out toward me. Even though he acted afraid, he did not move his hands one inch. 


I pulled up my sleeves and raised my hands, showing my empty palms and bare wrists. “I just have some questions for you,” I said, keeping a calm tone.


“Stay away!” the man snapped and looked almost ready to cry as I took a step forward. “I'm warn-”


Before he could finish his sentence I sprinted forward, reaching for the knife strapped behind my back. The man did not flinch. Instead he slid a foot forward and made a pushing motion with his free hand. The wall behind him began to shift, forming shapes on its surface before a stone spear shot from it right for my head. I dropped to the floor, barely out of harm's way, and rolled to my feet, weapon ready. The man kept his posture, raising his hand and bringing it down with some force. The bricks formed into a tower, then shot up to the sky. They arched back and dropped right where I stood. I dashed to the side and threw my blade at the man. The bricks cracked upon one another as they crashed down, debris hitting my back as I slumped down and covered my head and neck with my arms. I jumped to my feet when it had ended, unable to see far through the cloud of red dust that had formed from the shattered bricks. A veil to hide, for sure, and strike unseen.


“See, now, I'm looking for someone,” I said as I made my way over the rubble. “Not you, that much is true. But you might know him. I just want some information.”


“Right,” the man replied from somewhere out of sight. “Whoever you're looking for is probably as dangerous as you are. I came here for a peaceful life, not to get drawn in your stupid war.”


I could feel the dust around me stir. It flowed in streams, drawn together in a spot behind me. Whatever the wizard was doing, there was no way to anticipate. I had to react to it, and strike back before he moved again.


“I have nothing to do with that,” I said. “I show you a picture, you tell me whatever comes to mind, I'll be on my way and you on yours. No one needs to get hurt.”


No reply, just the sound of shifting sand, followed by dead silence. Unable to find my knife, I took a stone from the ground, and focused.


*Now.* I spun around and felt something whip past my ear. I saw the trail it left throw the heavy dust, and flung the stone in that direction. There was a groan and a thud, then silence again. I ran and found the man trying to recover on the floor. The stone had hit him right in the stomach, while my knife had grazed his left arm. I found my weapon a few steps behind him, picked it up and pinned the wizard to the ground. I pressed the edge of the black against his neck.


“By now the guards must be close, so I have no time for games,” I said and produced a piece of parchment from my pocket. I showed it to him, a sketch of an old, balding man with sunken eyes, sharp jaw, and a wicked grin. I saw his eyes flicker with horror before he turned away.


“I don't know him,” he said sharply. 


“And I don't believe you.” I pressed the knife to the point of drawing blood. I could sense magic nearby. “Tell me his name, pagan!”


His expression changed from fear to disgust. “Pagan?” he repeated. Amateur mistake, to let my tongue slip like that. “You're not a wizard!”


“Answer the question or I'll gut you right here,” I threatened, no longer trying to keep appearances. 


“You savages,” the wizard scoffed. “We should've wiped you out when we had the chance.”


“Don't test me,” I snapped back. “I don't care about you wizards or your conflicts with the rest of the world. But this man came to my village and murdered my father and everyone else there. So tell me who he is, and we can both go our own way.”


The wizard stared. Not at me. It was like I was invisible as he withdrew inside his own thoughts. He knew more than I had wagered. But I could hear the guards close by, and I had no time left.


“If you manage to escape,” he said, breaking out of his introspection. “Meet me at the Azure Queen tonight.”


“Over here!” a rough voice called from the main street. Time was up.


“The azure queen?” I asked before I lost my nerve.


“It's a bar, dammit, go!” the wizard pushed me away.


I didn't stop to think about it and ran. I felt the air grow heavy, a sign of a spell in the making. I felt an overwhelming wave of heat chase me down the alley. I reached the other end and turned the corner, just as a blast of fire shot out into the street. People began to run in panic, and I joined them in order to lose myself in the crowd. 


It seemed to work, as I ran a few streets and found myself without pursuit. I'd have to stay low for a bit before heading to the Azure Queen. I had to entertain the possibility that it was a setup, but it's been three years without a lead. Still, I saw no dishonesty in his eyes. He definitely knew something. I have to take that risk. As my master said, *one detail leads to another*. I would be remiss not to follow.