When Jesse came to, he was no longer wearing the test facility garments. In fact he wasn't wearing anything at all. A strange numbness was lingering in his limbs; he couldn't tell if it was warm or cold, or if the table he was sitting on felt smooth or rough.

Before the experiment began, there was only a clock on the wall of a rather large room. By the sterile light from the fluorescent tubes, he could see that it was 2am.

"Huh, that's strange" Jesse thought, "I could have swore I was wearing a hazmat suit."

He looked around the room, but there was nothing available to cover his body. With no other choice, Jesse turned the door knob with his left hand on his crotch.

The stench of blood and smoke greeted him, as he exits. 2 technicians lay motionless in a pool of blood. The walls are riddled with holes and scorch marks. A faint, burnt smell filled in the air.

Jesse immediately felt sick, as the scene hit him just when his numbness faded. This was definitely not worth the $500 paycheck. Closing the door behind him, he saw the large word in red.

"SORRY"

He shuddered. Whether it was the coldness of the room, just registering, or the fear and panic, Jesse didn't know. All he knew was that he had to get out of here. Now.

Grabbing a lab coat from a chair, he ran through the facility. The burnt air chased him across the corridors, until he hits the exit.

In his panic, he failed to notice the obstacle at the door. He trips and stumbles onto the pavement.

"There's another one!"

The street goes sideways, as Jesse gets tackled to the ground. A flashlight shone in his face, as Jesse realised there was a gun pointed at him.

"Stop resisting! You are under arrest. You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and - Jesus Christ! Jensen get off him. Medic! Jensen go get a medic!"

The momentary shock of having a gun in his face wore off, and a sharp pain rose from Jesse's waist. The stitch wounds from 2 diagonal incisions, spanning from the bottom of his ribcage to the tip of his hipbone, ripped opened under the pressure of being slammed to the ground. His clean lab coat was quickly stained crimson.

"Don't worry sir, you're going to be alright," said the stranger in blue, "this might hurt a bit, but stay with me."

Jesse stifled a scream, as the policeman guided his hands over the wounds and pressed against where his kidneys would have been.

"This is fucking bullshit," Jesse thought, as he passed out from exsanguination.