James Wright tapped his finger on the desk absently. 


Another dead end. He had made a career out of following the royal families movements and reporting any peculiarities.

Why they never seem to age was easily waved away in the way of Hollywood stars. Lotions, potions and the best doctors money could buy.


However there were certain things he could never explain. Why you'd never see any of them in public during a full moon. Why their clothes were so conservative at certain times to be called almost Mormon. Why they choose to marry unknown women only from families the queen approved of. 


The Queen... 


His musings always ended up there, the Queen. 

Forty years of hounding her around and yet she never seemed to age a day. 

A few clicks on his old fashioned iPod brought up the images for comparison. The very first on he had taken of her in 2010 side by side with her most recent one. Not even a wrinkle added or a hair lost during all that time. 


James smiled at the remembrance. He was fresh out of collage then with a head full of dreams, not to mention dark black hair he thought wistfully. He had established himself in the industry, met his wife during a conference and she had gaven him thirty years and two strong boys. 


All that was gone now, He was alone in his apartment surrounded by the ghosts of the past. Yet here was the Queen, His Queen. The same as ever. Unchanged by the passage of time. Didn't seem right somehow. 


Theories popped up now and again but the media did it's best to either bury or ridicule them. 

As he checked the forums for the latest gossip on the topic he got a little ding alerting him to receiving new mail. 


Checking the sender's name he raised an eyebrow. He hadn't thought he'd hear from that young lady again, she was at best a long shot but... 

He quickly opened the message and started reading. 


**James Wright age 67 was found dead in his apartment on the 13th. Police suspect that the man walked in while a robbery was taking place and had a heart attack on the spot. All electronics and valuables were removed.**     

       