//First story I've ever posted in this sub, so please be kind!//

&#x200B;

For just about thirty years now I've traveled the world in my trusty ol' camper; familiarizing myself with the demons, monsters and ghosts of every nation. What rules they abide by, the myriad of loopholes, how to trap them, taunt them, etc. 

My name's Greg, and pissing off demons is my hobby.

Although short and to the point, more than a few eyebrows has been raised at my somewhat queer introduction. When people ask what my story is, they probably expect to hear of a veteran down on his luck, or yet another victim of the housing bubble. Another tragic story for them to post online for strangers to see just how altruistic they are. Well, despite the unusual nature of my stories, I tell no tall tales.

It all first started when I was seventeen, during the final daylight hours of a chilly October day. I'd always been one of the outsiders at school. I didn't play sports or socialize with the others much; instead, I engrossed myself in books. While I wouldn't have described myself as a fan of horror, I often found myself drawn to it. It was often the only genre I brought back from the library. It made me nervous, sick, even made me shudder on occasion, but a sense of morbid fascination always brought me back no matter how terrible it made me feel.

 With a fresh driver's license and an old rusted over Dodge Dart in my possession, I pulled out of my parent's driveway and made my way to the outskirts of town. I'd made some scouting trips during the days leading up to it, not just any back road would do for what I had in mind. 

It had to be relatively straight, lest I run myself off the road. Not too bumpy, lest I wreck my already iffy suspension. 

And most important of all, it could absolutely not be a dead end.

By the time I arrived to my chosen destination it was already dark. I'd picked a narrow dirt road, not even two cars wide, that ran through the forest and would eventually connect with the highway a few miles down the road. Despite keeping the headlights on high beam the light didn't seem to penetrate more than a few feet into the surrounding forest. Now, why was I out here in the middle of nowhere? 

To summon a ghost, demon, whatever you might want to call her. You've heard of Bloody Mary before? Say her name three times in front of a mirror and she'll appear? Summoning her is a popular dare and party activity among children and teens, even to this day. Fortunately for them, I know now that Mary doesn't work that way. She only appears to those who are alone, isolated. People who are stupid enough to do it without telling anyone else. Someone like me.

Still, she's about as mainstream as evil spirits can get, and depending on which version of her story you choose to believe, she's either completely harmless or incredibly deadly.

Personally, I wasn't the gambling type.

Slowing to a crawl, I rolled down my driver's side window and adjusted the door mirror. If she really were to appear behind me, I'd need to have nothing but the road in the background. That's why I hesitated to use the rear view mirror; I wasn't going to risk having her appear in the back seat rather than behind the car.

Leaning my head out the window, I looked into the mirror and repeated the same two words three times. 

Bloody Mary.

Bloody Mary.

Bloody Mary.

I blinked, and that was all she needed. In the split second my eyes had been closed, she'd appeared behind me in the mirror, just like she was supposed to. Much too close for comfort, however. Out of pure fright more than a conscious maneuver I pressed down on the gas pedal; her sharp fingernails tearing a gash in my cheek as she desperately fumbled for my neck as the car sped away. 

Getting my head back inside the car, I rolled the window back up. With my trusty junker quickly separating me from the dreadful apparition, Mary shrieked in what might've been frustration as she disappeared into the darkness behind me. 

I was shaking, laughing, bleeding, but it all meant I was alive. The thrill of getting away, of denying her the kill; I found that there was a certain satisfaction to be found in outsmarting and outplaying the supernatural. 

And I'd gotten addicted to it.