"James, come in."

It was a spring morning when the boy walked into the tiny office of Professor deMorobin. James knew what he was in for. The e-mail sent to his account last night already alerted him of plagiarism on his recent English paper. But, nonetheless, the boy had walked in with a smile on his face and a skip in his step.

James began the long interrogation as he took a seat opposite the professor's desk, "Professor, you wanted to see me?"

"I only wanted to let you know that your name has already been passed along to the Dean of Students. This is your second disciplinary infraction regarding plagiarism of another work, as I've learned. According to university policy, your grade in the class will be left undetermined until the end of the term, at which point, the Dean will announce his decision on what to do with you."

"You talk way too much, professor. I'll have you know-" James wrly smiled and began to pull out his phone.

The professor slammed his desk with a clenched fist, sending the student jumping in his seat.

"You shut your goddamned mouth while I am speaking to you, boy. Do you think you're in any position to argue right now? This is another on a growing list of student infractions in addition to your current academic probation status."

James fumed and tried to continue on with his point, "Yes, but..."

"But what, sir?!"

James sighed and pulled out his smartphone. He flipped through block after block of Reddit texts showing off the account that had written the story he had turned in.

There was copious amounts of comments and posts on NSFW subreddits ranging from the usually gonewild subs to the more stranger watchpeople die subs.

"Tell me, sir, how did you know that I stole the story?" James smirked. The fish had taken the bait. "Now, you wouldn't want anyone to know about this, would you? I'd say a small B+ should suffice for me, in exchange for my silence."

The professor stared at James. He turned his laptop around to show the boy the writingprompts post of the story, as well as the boy's submitted paper.

Ctrl + A, went the professor's fingers on the paper. Ctrl + C, then we switch to a newly opened Google Chrome tab. Ctrl + V, goes the text into the google search bar.

Thus, the boy's original work immediately turns up a result. On Reddit. On /r/writingprompts.

The boy nodded. The professor shook his head.

"You do realize that it literally just took a run through Google to realize your story was plagiarized from a reddit post, right?"

"Yes!"

"And, you also know that there's no way you can link me to the account, because that post is publicly available and you have no way of specifically connecting me to the account, right?"

"Righ- Oh... shit."

deMorobin groaned and muttered quietly to himself (very, very quietly to avoid getting a complaint from the boy's parents at a later date), "Jesus christ, I hate these fucking trust fund kids."

James was expelled the next week.
