Even though the flag was white after years on the moon, we knew what they were and what they symbolized.  What we don't know, however, is why they are all at half-mast.

Sure, we never lost men on the Moon during those six missions so long ago and yet the latest images this morning showed they were at half.  Who was there and how did they know Bean died?

------------

It was almost a year ago when Astronaut Alan L. Bean died and we found the flags at half-mast on the Moon.  He was an artist and few that paint images of the moon can do so from the perspective of someone who has been there.  He liked to tell stories of his inspiration and would often joke about wishing he could paint his friends up there.

Tomorrow, the next mission to the Moon launches because we all finally realized something.  Bean wasn't talking about his fellow astronauts.

-----------

There have now been three manned missions to the moon.  The first two turned up little to nothing.  There were marks on the surface near where the flags were planted, one even had a little color left.  They were all flying at full-mast again and still no answers.

"Houston, we are a go for lunar orbit."

They were finally aligned with their approach and the surface team was ready to deploy.  One of the last things Bean said before dying was rationalized as a delusion from the sudden illness that took his life.  "Do you think they remember me up there on the moon?"  Maybe we will finally find out.

----------

"Yankee Clipper, this is Intrepid II, have you patched us in to Houston?"

"Intrepid II, this is Yankee Clipper.  You are go for contact."

"Yankee Clipper, contact has already been made."

That was the conversation that brought the world into the Golden Age of space exploration.  Intrepid II went on to tell Houston that they had a message from a friend of Bean.  Turns out there was an alien that was stranded on the moon.  His only request was that we help get him home.

When the Alien met Bean he was certain that he would be rescued and requested from Bean to never share his secret since Earth was not ready for First Contact.  But after 50 years, even an Alien can get lonely.

It first tried making contact and we called it UVB-76.  Another attempt included "The Bloop" and we dismissed it as an ice shelf that was cracking.  Finally, when the Alien heard the news about Beans death and the lowering of the flags to half-mast he knew how to honor his friend and finally get a message that couldn't be ignored.

The Alien was right and now, as a planet, we have turned our attention beyond our solar system.

----------

"Frank, this is Bean, we are go for interstellar launch."