I am the black sheep of the family. They ridiculed me, because I was the first ordinary person born in centuries. I come from a lineage of time travelers. The first moment a baby is born, the birth mark dictating a time traveler will show up and light blue. That never happened to me. I also was never able to jump through time, even when I was taking time traveling lessons with my siblings and cousins. I know everything about time loops and time theory, but jumping through time? Nope. I couldn’t. I was just an ordinary guy.

I did all the ordinary stuff. They went to time traveler school. I went to university. They delivered messages through time. I deliver newspapers through mail boxes. They learned to drive through time loops. I learned to drive manually. 

As just another ordinary day, I was studying hard for a test, while my cousin didn’t care. He knew all the answers already. 
“Come on, just share the answers,” I asked him for a millionth time. 
He shook his head. “Can’t do, you know the rules, pumpkin,” he smirked. 
Exasperated I got up and moved to another table. I wouldn’t be able to study with him just teasing me. It was so unfair. Suddenly, a man sat next to me and slung his arm over my shoulders. 

“Hey,” he smiled. “We need to get out of here.”
“What?” I asked in shock. And then I felt the whole world exploding in my head. 
Suddenly I opened my eyes again. I was somewhere else. 

“What’s going on?” I asked him. 
He smiled, “ you are in for a wild ride, honey. You are a witch.” 
“A witch?”  I laughed in his face. “You are joking!”
“Am I laughing?” He asked me dead seriously. 

“No...” I became nervous. 

“Have you never noticed that you were different?”

I nodded. “I am ordinary” if he meant that.

“Not ordinary. Different,” he said. “Like funny things happening around you. Such as things changing when you are mad or something” 

I nodded. I remembered things happening when I was mad. Or when I was not mad. But I was not really sure if he knew that there were time travelers. As they could do messy things too. And I had way too much experience with that. 

“Yeah, things happen but everything can be explained.” I told him. 

“Even this?” He waved with a wooden stick.

Pebbles on the ground changed into a tea cup. And then into a tortoise. 

I was in awe. “ so cool!” 

“Damn right. You are a witch. You have magic in you, just like me.” 

“We witches and wizards are the guardians of the universe. We rule over nature. We can never let the muggles know that there are wizards, immortals, time travelers or other magical beings.  We need to police the statue of secrecy. So making sure that time travelers don’t mess up time. Checking with immortals to move every decade and so. We are in essence the rulers, making sure everyone follows the rules” he told me. 

And I smirked. Oh, this would be fun tonight at the family dinner. I am their ruler! They need to listen to me! 

“So where do I get a stick like that?” 