To those whose only familiarity with the mob was cheesy crime dramas, it was impossible to understand why any man would choose to join it. The mob, in the eyes of the comfortably middle class, was a backstabbing group made up of the type of thugs from superhero movies who only got a second each to inconvenience the hero before falling to a single punch. Even the name, "mob", brought to mind a legion of simple minded idiots shouting angrily. 

Boss Murphy preferred to speak of his operation as being a "family". And he knew what the milquetoast suburbanites who scorned his work did not--that basic human principles did not evaporate in the presence of crime. Ideas like equality, compassion, and loyalty were alive and well in Boss Murphy's family.

He watched from behind a two-way mirror as six young teens/early twenty-somethings filed into the conference room. This was a new initiative for recruitment. Boss Murphy could make the business environment as welcoming as possible, but no one would know that unless they already worked for the secret organization. They had to turn to more unorthodox methods to shore up the dangerously falling membership. 

"Before we begin, do you have any questions?" His righthand woman, Andrea, was leading the meeting. With her chipper voice and casual business attire, you would never believe she had spent ten years as a drugrunner and weapons smuggler.

One of the older attendees spoke up. He was wearing a marijuana-themed T-shirt and was slumped back in his chair comfortably. "Yeah, is this, like, a Pyramid Scheme thing?" He asked, and scratched the stubble on his face absently. "Like, I don't want to sit here for half an hour and find out we're s'posed to sell shitty knives? Fool me once, shame on you? Fool me twice, I ran out of family who will answer the phone for me?" Every sentence seemed to come out as a question. 

"No, no." Andrea assured him with a pleasant smile. "Murphy and Sons Collaborative Projects is not a Multi-Level Marketing racket. Our employees are paid on salary, not performance."

"Cool?" The stoner seemed satisfied. 

"If that's all, let's start with a quick introductory game. We'll go around the room, and I'd like each of you to tell me your name, your major, and the worst crime you've ever committed."

There were a few laughs at this. 

"Come now." Andrea cooed. "I won't judge. We all jaywalk now and then, don't we? I know I did crazy things when I was your age."

Boss Murphy smiled ironically. In fact, at their age Andrea had already killed three people. 

"Let's start with you." Andrea pointed at the stoner who had spoken up.

"Oh. Uhhhhh." He dragged it out for a good five seconds, staring pensively into the middle distance. "I'm Doug? And I'm studying theoretical physics? And for any narcs in the room, you can only bust for possession? Not for admitting you smoked in the past? So like, I smoked a whole bag of weed once? But I can't be arrested cause it's gone now?"

"That's great, thank you Doug." Andrea beamed at him, then looked to the person on his right. 

"I'm Carmen." The girl put her phone down and looked up at the group. "I finished a double major in Biology and Psychology and I'm about to start my Master's in Behavioral Neuroscience. I forged my mom's signatures on some checks but like, she was going to sign them anyway."

Andrea made notes on her legal pad, and Boss Murphy nodded appreciatively. Their forging department had taken a massive hit when the best member had been diagnosed with carpal tunnel.

"My name is Theresa." The petite woman next to Carmen announced aggressively. "I'm majoring in Engineering and I almost beat someone to death when he tried to get too handsy and wouldn't take no for an answer. He tried to press charges but that AND the suit for his medical bills were dismissed." She sat back and folded her arms smugly. 

"Hey." Andrea pointed at her with a conspiratorial friendliness. "Hashtag time's up."

"Hell yeah!" Theresa whooped. 

Andrea gestured for the next person to speak while she began to scribble down more notes. Boss Murphy hadn't been expecting to find any fixers in a meeting like this, but kids always surprised you. 

"Raymond, uh, math, and I stole somebody's mom's car once on a dare." The next boy said. His eyes were shifty. 

"Stole like what?" Andrea asked, maintaining the pleasant demeanor of a substitute teacher while she pressed him for incriminating information. "Like, the keys were already in the ignition?"

"Nah hotwired." He said.

"Automatic or manual?" 

"I unno. It had a clutch." He shrugged. 

Andrea wrote it down with interest. Even more impressive than being able to hotwire was the ability to drive a stick shift. 

"Hello, I'm Destiny." Destiny giggled. "I'm majoring in Art History and I shoplifted a paperweight from a museum gift shop once!" She pulled the neck of her shirt up to cover her mouth. 

Well, they couldn't all be winners. 

"Alright, looks like you're the last one." Andrea pointed to the young man in the illfitting suit and tie. 

"I am, um, Bobby." He ummed uncomfortably. "And I, um, I'm in the Police Academy."