Stephen walked through the hallway with slow heavy steps and rubbed the sleep from his eyes, "I'm on my way, Sarah."       
He didn't so much say the words rather than dribble them past his mumbling lips.        
The sound of his flip-flopping furry slippers announced his arrival and he pushed open the disney-decorated door.    
He carefully peeked inside, scanning the room.    
Sarah sat in the corner of her bed, tightly gripping a pillow and pressing it to her face.   
Stephen flashed a tired smile, "Sarah, honey. What's wrong?"    
She spoke with her face still buried in her pillow, "Dabby, thers a maobster."    
He walked over to the bed and messed up her hair, "There's no such thing as monsters." he said with a reassuring smile.    
Her innocent eyes moved from the pillow to her father, "Can you make sure?" she pleaded.   
Stephen crouched down on painful knees and peeked under the bed, getting ready to diligently inspect dust bunnies and old stuffed animals.     
His eyes moved like a lighthouse light across a harbor, passing over the mobster hidden between stuffed animals.      
He slowly rose to his feet, mumbled something about back-pain, rubbed the sleep from his eyes and had a second look.     
Stephen locked eyes with a portly man wearing a striped suit and a scowl, "Wise guy, eh?" hissed the man.     
Feeling quite awake, Stephen jumped to his feet and kicked the bed frame.     
"*Bada-bing...*" growled the bed frame.     

Stephen kicked the bed frame again, "Get out of there!"  
The mobster scurried out of his hiding place like a fat squirrel on ice.   
He swept his hand beneath the bed and retrieved his brimmed hat before standing a full 5 feet tall.  
Sarah bolted from her bed and hid behind her father, who weakly gestured towards the bed, "Why were you under my daughter's bed?"  
The man donned his hat and shrugged, "Laying low."   
"But *why*?" repeated Stephen.     
The mobster chuckled, "I can't very well stand in there, can I?" he said with a wry smile, "I mean, c'mon. Look at it."   
Stephen rolled his eyes, "Oh, so you're a comedian now."  
The man smirked and retrieved a cigar from his coat pocket, pinched off the end using a cutter, and lit it.   
He inhaled deeply and puffed forth a cloud of smoke, "No," he said through clenched teeth, "No funny business."      
"An *acquaintance* of ours has been hesitant to make his payments," explained the mobster, "I'm here to remind him."    
Stephen rubbed his forehead, "Hold on, you're using this room as a black market meet-up?"     
"That's right," confirmed the mobster, he finished the remainder of his cigar and flicked it across the room, "Although the client doesn't exactly know we're meeting-up, if you catch my drift."      
Stephen raised an eyebrow, "An ambush? You're ambushing this client from beneath my daughter's bed?"   
The mobster raised his hands apologetically, "Under beds is just the sort of place their kind likes to be."    
Stephen started when the doorknob of the closet began to rattle.    
The mobster reached into his coat pocket and pulled out a handgun, "But they get in through the closet."   
The hinges of the closet door creaked in protest, the door was carefully opened by a small green hand.   
Stephen hastily took his daughter's hand and fled towards the hallway.      
The mobster cocked his gun and pointed it towards the closet, his voice was ice, "We've been eagerly awaiting your payments, Mr. Wazowski."   

