Forgotten plastic from the lasagne packaging was bubbling on the stove, a magma goo that incited the boy to touch. Cause it's bubbles but it's also on fire, so to a nine year old boy it probably seems fun to touch. It wasn't. Guttural howls percolate through silence. His throat muscles tightened and his eyes bulged and just as his veins popped and his lips began to blue, it happened. 

Scientists speculated that the boy had an ancient mutation, a form of communication that requires the host to have over 50% Neanderthal Dna, be a male, and experience a very strong environmental stimulus on the left index finger. It's a relic from the hunter/gatherer days, a second, silent form of communication that was favored by a quasi-human people that relied on teamwork to tackle large prey. The trait became less available after Neanderthal began to breed with Cro-magnon. 

Others had the mutation. Scientists studied it and determined, through process of elimonation, impossible as it seemed at first, the communication is the first discovered Darwinian trait that uses dark energy. A new branch of Science was born, course catalog material shoved together for 40,000 a semester, and the disorder spread over the news for a solid six months. 

The boy was sick of going on Oprah. He hated everyone looking at him while he did it. The wardrobe guy tied his bow tie too tight and slicked back his hair until it crusted over itself. The itchy polyester suit was from the salvation army, even after they got their money because "it's the suit everybody knows that you wear!" , this weird lady would give him candy; sourness from Patch Kids and the audience winced. Chocolate caused warmth that spread a bouquet of smiles across the studio audience. The boy smiled and always made Oprah laugh, but he had to run to the ravine after the show so nobody would feel him cry. 

He ran away. He took me too. we walked over some mountains and got into a bus. I hid in his backpack because I'm not allowed inside alot of places. We lived hungry for alot of those first few weeks. He always gave me the last bite. There was a man in a trench coat who asked alot of questions, he was skinny and his fingernails were yellow and his skin was charcoal and seemed to radiate the smell of cigarettes. He took my friend for a few days. He told me what happened. This junkie forced him at gunpoint to take drugs, because his tolerance was so high he couldn't feel the meth anymore. The boy spent three days with a needle in his arm, dizzy from overdoses and blood loss and scared from being at the muzzle of a jittery - fingered tweaker. He ran out of meth. The kid watched the man click the safety to off and cock his gun. He stared at the bullet through the barrel and suddenly the kid was done. He just wanted to die. He hated his gift. He hated himself. He wanted to die. Pull the trigger. Just kill me. That was the first time his gift ever killed somebody.

We needed money, and I'm not a kid anymore. Otter the Dog was still skinny, and tricking unreliable witnesses into feeling sorry for me wasn't profitable enough. So I went to the bank at 6 AM on a Tuesday. It was the only time when only two people were at the bank, and customers were unlikely to walk in. The drive to the bank was the riskiest part. 

I'm getting tired, the last few paragraphs were garbage. Another scene, he uses horniness to escape from jail, seduces guard, etc... he befriends a hacker who helps him take over the world in exchange for money, power, and women. And mountain dew and puffed cheese. Likeable character. Dies at the end when those 27 or so other people with the mutation band together to defeat him after he kills all of the super heroes in his way. Turns out, it takes normal people with an opportunity to do good at the risk of their lives, alongside one another. They reverberate the emotion back at the boy, unnamed, until he has a hematoma. 

During rewrite, pay more attention to the technical and science aspect. Try to reconsile with a modern view of a modern world as it relates to a believable power with a believable spiral. Unique challenges, etc. 

