I walked in the hall of mirrors, alone as ever. My footsteps echoed off the the jet black walls that had provided me company since time immemorial. 

I know not why the Universe, in all its grand schemes had decided to create me this way. Ravaged hair and severed ears, cuts and gashes forming my make-up, the blood from it perennially flowing down my elegant white dress, dyeing it in all shades of crimson.

I was one of the many genies that populated the cosmos. And indeed I was the loneliest, for any who called my name three times in front of a mirror took one look at me and ran, unknowing of the gifts I could give them. Unknowing of the company they could provide me.

I heard the call, familiar on my ears, that call of misery that taunted me of all that could be. Those three calls of the words Bloody Mary.

All the mirrors around me distorted, melting into a viscous liquid that collected in front of me. It built itself up into a giant wall twice my height, and turned crystalline, the world beyond so clear through it's closed window.

In front of me stood a boy, pale and sickly. His beautiful white hair arranged itself messily over his head, his fuchsia eyes gazing at the newly formed reflection in the mirror. His clothes were torn, his ghostly skin decorated with bruises. 

I expected him to run, like all of them before me. To call me the monster I was not. To leave me alone, wondering about another person I'd never get to know.

It didn't happen. He stood there, looking into my eyes. I saw fear in them, but there was something more, something I recognised. Something we both recognised. 

"You've probably heard stories about me, boy. Terrible ones, probably. Aren't you going to run for your life?" I asked, sighing. I wished not to delay the inevitable.

"A-a and why would I run for *m-m-my* life?" the boy asked, the fright evident, the pain in his voice betraying his naïvete.

It was then I recognised that light in his eyes, or more precisely the darkness behind them. I saw the pain, the pain of loneliness, the pain of being misunderstood. The pain of having to bear the weight of the world on your own.

"You are entitled to three wishes, boy," I said simply, dumbfounded. For eons I wished to utter those words, to utter any words, and it finally had happened. For a second he was surprised, but he nodded, understanding.

"I-I- only need one," he said, his voice wavering. For a brief moment he looked down, and then he yet again met my gaze, much more determined.

"Will you be my friend?"

My heart thumped, and my body shook. There were untold consequences for what I was going to do, disastrous and cataclysmic. But I was never wrong to do the right thing.

I pressed against the crystalline grass, tearing it open. It shattered against my touch, the jagged blades chilling my hands like ice. I stepped through to the world beyond, finally liberated from my hall of loneliness.

It was then I felt the pain, sharp and nearly unbearable. It was as if every piece of glass I shattered rammed into my body, piercing my every inch of my already carved skin, chaining me, pulling me back to my designated place. But I would not return. It might subject me to the fiercest tortures, the harshest of colds and the most excruciating of pains, but I would not return - for this was no lesser than the pain of loneliness I suffered for eons.

"W-What's going to happen?" he asked, shivering.

"I do not know," I replied, crouching and pulling him into an embrace, each of his bruises hurting me more than anything I was going through.

The results of my actions were dreadful, unknown of but unspeakable. It was something we could only wish to survive - but dying together was better than us living alone.

"But whatever it is, we'll face it together," I managed, determined to never let him go.

...

r/BetterTales

