Dawson slapped the communicator on his wrist in frustration as he tried to navigate his path. 


'Why is this shit so complicated!'


He used to like technology. Back in the 1980s and 1990s he was fascinated by the progress and innovation. It was amazing being a part of a real change in the way the whole world worked and he had wanted to be part of that cutting edge life. Now he could barely keep up. Even using mods and the settings designed for the elderly he would still struggle.  It just took so much focus....fo..cus..


Dawson gasped as he bounced off one of the only people walking the nearly empty streets. He mumbled an apology and continued on. 
He needed to be focusing not day-dreaming about when he wasn't so pathetic. He slipped down an alleyway and painfully hauled himself over a fence. The dot to the right of his face was directly over the tagged location so it seemed he made it to the bag point with a few minutes to spare. 


Dawson sighed deeply and flipped off his forward screen as his dropped heavily onto the edge of a step. He hated the damn forward screens with all their distracting information but it was all anyone made anymore. Everyone had their sped up, altered, eyes and faster processing brains. The whole thing freaked him out but even if he through it was weird it still meant he was left in the dust. He used to love technology and now it gave him a headache if he tried to use a comp-pad for more than 30 minutes. He had to laugh at himself being so weepy and nostalgic. 


"What's so funny?" The slightly warbled, distorted voice of his dealer traveled down the alley. They called themselves something else now but Dawson couldn't always keep up with slang and just stuck with dealer. 


Dawson stood up quickly, automatically passing his hands over his lean body, checking his pockets, and pushing his hair in his face. 

"Nothing" 

He couldn't think of a better response.  Did he fall asleep? Shit. "You got it?" Better to move on to business. Remo chuckled. "I got your weird shit. Got my shells?" Dawson slightly nodded and swipped his fingers on his comp towards Remo transferring the money. Remo tossed him the bag and Dawson immediately took off. A newfound energy surged through his body. 


Without looking back he went back the way he came and headed across the street and down the block to the empty lot where he knew he could get privacy. As soon as he arrivied he grabbed the bag and sank his teeth in. He didn't even look up until it was half drained. Pulling back his fangs he took a moment to breathe. Here he was sitting in some dirty back lot clutching a bag of blood he bought in an alley......so much for being a badass vampire. 

