???  Doesn't everyone have that HUD in their vision?  I have a HUD.  I thought everyone had a HUD.  


It's more than just a little message.  It shows me different things like distance and speed for moving objects.  For people I often see things like age, height, weight, time to expiry.  


It has never shown me "get to safety" in an emergency, for example. but it has done something similar.  


Funny story, a friend of mine used to say simular for similar.    


I was driving.   I had a vision of a big fire truck slamming into my car - the pain as the cab crushed in towards me was incredible.  As I turned the corner, there was a fire truck bearing down on me.  I was already spinning the steering wheel right - driving my car up onto the sidewalk as the fire truck, sirens blaring and lights flashing like red lightning in my peripheral vision, barely missed me and sped past.  


This is pre pain.  I get that when something that will hurt me is about to happen.  Once I was walking in a warehouse when I had a terrible pain in my head and a vision of something big hitting me in the skull.  I stopped just as a big chain, each link about 3 inches in diameter and at least an inch thick, fell directly in front of me, brushing my nose as it passed.  "Gee," I thought as some people rushed towards me, "that could have killed me."  

&#x200B;

Other times the vision and pre pain comes a lot earlier.  One day it was about an hour before leaving - vision of my car spinning around, flipping.  That hurt everywhere.   "Hmm," I thought, "I better be extra careful on the drive to work today."  


Driving carefully, I noticed a car in the far right lane going very fast, swerving into the next lane.  I accelerated just as the car clipped another car in the back.  That car spun out, missing me from behind.  


The crazy driver hit another car in front of me as I slowed.  That car spun past me in the front, barely missing.    


There it was.  Accident avoided.  


The HUD and the visions and pre pain - those are good features of being human, huh?