"I double dog dare you to go back down to Earth to see what's going on with them."

Those were the last words I heard before I woke up the next day from another night on Paradise.

"Holy mother of Je-...,"

"You probably don't want to complete that sentence. My mother is a great person as you should already know." I turned around looking for who said that and spotted Jesus at my door.

"Oh great." I mused. "The big bad king of Paradise himself looking for me. Is it enough that you make fun of me for being the last person to ever die on Earth?" A smile lit up my face as I saw my best friend in Paradise. "Last night was crazy. I would've died back when I was mortal taking that many bong rips." I got up and gave him a hug. "The best part is.....there's no bad trips or major headaches afterward." I joked.

Jesus cracked a smile. "It wouldn't be the same without you man. You're basically a celebrity up here. Even that crazy old coot Andrew Jackson loves you."

"Hey man. What can I say? I love me a good old duel every now and then especially since I can't die again. I'm pretty sure I have the edge on him right now. I took 50 shots last night to his 45."

"Don't tell him that." Jesus quietly said putting a finger to his lip. "He still thinks that he beat you and no one has the balls to say that you won. That stick of his is still quite brutal especially by Paradise's standards."

We both laughed as we both have been on the nasty end of Andrew Jackson's famous stick.

"Oh by the way, you know why I'm here right?" Jesus said.

"Uuuhhhhhhh.....another party tonight?"

"Nope, you're going back down to Earth to have a nice sightseeing trip."

"...........WAIT WHAT??????" I shouted. "AND MISS ANOTHER PARTY UP HERE?"

"Hey, I double dog dared you to go down there man and you said you would do it. By the sides, how bad can it be?" Jesus shrugged. "They literally discovered immortality right after you died and applied it to everyone via some sort of weird signal. You just barely missed out, but you got to party it up with the legends up here for quite a long time. I'm pretty sure down there is almost as good as up here."

"I mean.....I guess?" I still didn't seem to convinced of this but I mean THE JESUS double dog dared me to go down there so it's not like I had much of a choice.

"You coming with me Jesus?"

"Nah, God said I'm grounded from going down to Earth ever since that disaster in Rhode Island. It took him decades to clear up that mess. A lot of begging Satan to kill off a bunch of people and he doesn't wanna do that shit again." Jesus looked wistful as he said this. "Hey but look at the bright side. Now it's your turn man. Good luck down there. I'll be rooting for you. I'll give you half a day down there."

Jesus chanted something under his breath and I felt a sinking feeling in my navel. Suddenly, I felt as if I got sucked down a chute and found myself falling from the sky onto the Earth below.

"MOOOOTTTTHHHHEEERRRRFUUUUUUUUCKER." I screamed as I fell at terminal velocity, my words being lost to the G-force that was rippling around me, closing my eyes so that I couldn't see my inevitable hard landing. "Well hey I thought, I always wanted to do skydiving but not like this. Guess I'll be making my trip back to Paradise quicker than I thought."

Right before I landed, some sort of invisible force gently softened my landing. So instead of a SPLAT on the floor where I would be landing, I instead got a face full of dirt and a painful landing causing a small crater to form around where I landed.

"Fucking Jesus man. Did he have to make this so painful?" I looked around where I landed. I seemed to have landed in some sort of wasteland right next to a road. Not a tree in sight. Not even anything green. Just miles and miles of wasteland and some mountains in the far distance as well as what looked like some ruins of a city.

"Hello?" I shouted. "Is there anyone around?" No answer. I looked around hoping to see some sort of freeway sign or somewhere for me to get my bearings. About maybe 500 feet away from me, I saw a bent sign on the edge of the road. I ran up to it and read it. "I-10." There was another sign near it. "Los Angeles in 50 miles." Okay so it seems like I'm in Socal somewhere.

"Hey uhhh...Jesus? Think you can like poof me up a ride or something?"

On cue, a motorcycle popped up right out of thin air. "Oh sweet." I checked the fuel. "Hey Jesus, it's fucking empty. Think I can get some fuel too?" A 10 pound drum of fuel poofed right next to the motorcycle. "Great, thanks Jesus." I poured the fuel into the motorcycle and throttled it. Out came a beautiful sound that I missed so much. I revved it up and went from a standstill to 100 mph, Ghost Rider style. (Really cool guy btw. You should definitely meet him).

As I sped along I-10, I noticed that the scenery barely shifted. It was still the same old wasteland and no one around. It looked like Fallout 4's nuclear wasteland. As I got closer to LA, I saw the familiar high rises though....with one exception, there was still no one around. Driving into LA, I went to a place I was all too familiar with, UCLA. The pinnacle of my education, I slowed my motorcycle and entered the campus. The place looked like a ghost town. All the buildings looked like they were about to fall over. "Definitely does not adhere to safety standards when I was alive." I mused. That familiar sound of the hustle and bustle of students heading to class, frazzled looking professors going to their labs, nothing.

I walked into the dilapidated UCLA Alumni Center. My eyes lit up when the portraits of famous alumni were still on display. "Thank Jesus I asked UCLA to make sure these portraits were in everything-proof cases. Not even a nuke can break through these babies." I rapped the case with my knuckle to prove a point. It instantly shattered. "Well fuck me with Andrew Jackson's cane. I ought to lodge a complaint about this. At least the portraits are safe." Scanning the rows upon rows of famous alumni. I partied with most of them. Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Jackie Robinson, Jack Black, James Dean, James Franco, Leo DiCaprio, fun times. And there I was. My face right there with the greats. I still shed a tear sometimes when I saw my face immortalized as one of the great when I was like 56. Every year I would come back to look up there, hoping that it wasn't some cruel joke. I chuckled to myself recalling back to my living days. I'm in an arguably better place now. Can't say the same about Earth though.

I walked back outside hoping to catch a glimpse of anyone. "Wait....Jesus said I had half a day down here right? What time is it?" That familiar feeling at the navel returned right when I finished and yanked me by my balls back into the sky.

"FUUUUUUUUCCCKKKK YOU." I screamed as I flew up and returned back to Paradise and back to my room. Jesus was at my doorway when I landed back in my room.

"So how was your trip? You know you shouldn't curse me next time otherwise I might dump you in the middle of the Pacific." Jesus laughed.

Still a little breathless from my ordeal, I turned to him and said, "It was very.....nostalgic......and eye-opening. Thanks for that."

"No problem." Jesus said. "Oh......and we have another party in 5 hours. Be there or be square man. I'll leave you to collect your thoughts." Jesus teleported out leaving me to my own devices.

I sat on my bed taking in all that I saw back on my time on Earth. That one nagging question though.....where was everyone? It will continue to eat at me until I find out. I should definitely get Jesus drunk again so that I can go back down there and find out.





Thanks for reading guys. This was my first ever post on writing prompts. Any suggestions on formatting as well as content would be very appreciated.