I’m not a big-name demon. I’m not Murmur, the devil of Rebellion and Music, or Bahamut, or one of Solomon’s 72 trusted demons, and I’m certainly not the big guy Satan. 

But my job is to pretend to be Satan. And do house calls. 

 I could go on about how I miss heaven and it’s warm touch you only get to feel for a few seconds before you plummet  below the earth at speeds unimaginable, and as you watch a shooting star you’re just watching another soul be rejected from heaven, but at this point it’s just the final little adrenaline rush you have before coming to hell. Then I get to be this beast. 

Whatever I did to have my soul sent to hell and twisted into my current demonic must have been incredibly boring. Cheating on a spouse. Not paying taxes. Maybe *gasp* hitting a neighbors cat and not telling them?! But I digress. 

   I’m here and my job is to pretend I’m Satan and grant a wish of the person who summons me while simultaneously taking the life force depending on the wish being asked upon. 

Wanna look desirable for the love of your life? 5 years you’ll die before them. 

A curse to put on your enemy? 10 years you’ll go before the worst of the curse is fulfilled. 

That’s why we don’t work with children though. 

But they’re so innocent, and simple-minded, and easily manipulated, why wouldn’t we? Well for one the Almighty Asshole rips all of hell a new one when we hurt innocent children. And two, they always ask for too much and never understand the consequence of losing years of life essence. Which in turn is more lightning searing out of our assholes for the big G. So, unless they’re witches, which we already limit our visitations of, and completely understand and accept the deal, we don’t work with kids. 

At least, not until today. 

As another voice calls me forward, I already notice that this one was quite a bit younger than my regulars. And upon arrival, I begin to truly take in the situation.  

When my soul begins to manifest in this place, I recognize it to be a bedroom in a quaint Midwestern home, on a dark evening, I get the feeling somewhere in the Bible Belt of America. I look down and I’m summoned via a paper pentagram, which is quite clever considering the amount of work it takes to summon a demon without blood sacrifice involved. I turned my gaze up to a young boy, in his Sunday best, with tears and bruises both streaked across his face. 

“Jesus fuck this cannot be happening,” I think to myself. This is definitely not a witch, or even a halfling. This is a bonafide human child who called me, they’re not even 10 years old, kneeling in prayer to me with tears streaming down his face and whimpering. He’s making me look like the savior himself,  not only figuratively but also physically, as I appear to people as they would like to see me.  It’s almost sad, if I could remember what sadness felt like. But rules are rules. Not a witch. Doubt they’re going to be reasonable. 

“You have the wrong number kid, try calling the big G instead,” I say, trying to sound stand-offish as I can while avoiding eye contact with this child. But his eyes turn to me, glaring, pleading, angry at the situation that brought him to summoning me.

“No! You’re here now!” He’s whispering and his voice is shaking with anger. “I summoned you! You have to make a deal with me!”  His eyes dart towards a clock that reads 5 til 10, seems he has a deadline. 

I’m rubbing the bridge of my nose. Of course this won’t be easy. “What in the hell would you want so badly to lose your life for it?” 

“I want it to quit. Please quit hurting me.” He’s breaking down, trying to hold the tears in. “Please quit hurting my sister. I’ll give you anything. It hurts so much. I miss mama so much!” 
He’s not making any sense, but I look toward his bed and notice blood stains that shouldn’t be on a young child’s bed. Even though there’s crosses hanging from the walls and biblical merchandise everywhere, there’s a sort of evil in the house, that’s been there much longer than when I have shown up. 

A kind of evil that should come home with me.

I shake my head to rid the thought. Killing a person is easily 15-20 years, and you don’t get a discount on your life force unless you’re a witch and maybe had a particularly rotten soul to take. I try to give him the news as well as a demon with no compassion can give. 

“Listen, this is gonna cost you a good amount of your life. This could easily be a quarter of you-“

“DANIEL!” A man screams up the stairs, 
With a sort of drunken stupor and unexplained rage. “I coming up for your ass you fucking shit!” I imagine this must be the child’s dad, The child cowers instinctively, then turns his head up to me with eyes red from crying and anger.

“I. Don’t. Care. Kill him.” He’s seething through his teeth. 

I look into his eyes and I see that he isn’t afraid of any consequence due to his wish. Looking into his eyes tell me that he’s lost all form of innocence, that somehow this was all he could rely on, a demon in the form of fucking Jesus. 


Fuck, I’m going to lose my standing in hell for this. 

Footsteps start coming up the stairs. 2 minutes to 10. The stairs are especially creaky in this house,  I can hear him drunkenly leaning on the walls and handrail as he’s coming to “have his way” with his children.

  “Fine, we have a deal, I’ll tell you the bargain after I finish this. Stay in your room or go to your sister, just don’t come out,” I command as I disappear to the staircase.

As I appear I finally get to look at my victim. An aging, balding 40-something year old man, dressed as what I could guess was a pastor, maybe even a priest. The bottle of whiskey in his hands contrasted greatly with the cross pin on his tan suit, even though the slacks were missing completely. “What a piece of work,” I say as I grab his exposed penis. “Wanna play with me instead?” I smile as the man is in horror that what seems to be the Son of God himself has caught him literally with his pants down. 

 Oh yeah, this is gonna be fun. 

  I pull him downstairs, by his extended member, then begin the standard process of torture for rapists in hell. Which is much more anguish to bear considering he is still alive, and he has to do it all over again once he dies. Since he was a wicked person appearing as a ‘man of God’ there’s even more to endure. But not here, I have other things to attend to, I think to myself as I leave the tortured human to bleed out from his wounds stuck to the ceiling of the living room. 

I go back upstairs to find the young boy holding his sister and comforting her. And although I just tortured their father to death, I am still warmed to see the boy telling her it’s going to be alright and that they’re safe now. 

“The job is done. As for payment...” I pause as the boy looks at me both in fear and acceptance,”you’re both to go to the nearest coven and train in witchcraft and wizardry. I’ll take two years of your life force now and the deal is complete.” The boy looks a bit frightened still, but is much more relieved than before. If the kid is smart enough to make a summoning circle with no sacrifice, he’ll soon be of great use to both demonkind and humans alike. 

When the deal is sealed, I take a small amount of life force from him. He’ll still have a full and much happier life, now that his father is gone. I head back to hell and prepare for the punishment God will have for us, I laugh to myself about a quote I used to hear when I was alive:

The road to Hell is paved with good intentions. 