'The bond is complete. Edric, twelfth prince of Lordan, go forth. Apollo be with you.' The priest's drone had a note of respect in it. The slender figure by the altar stood up, and turned to the assembled onlookers. His eyes shone gold, and he had a broad, cocky smile on his lips. A cheer went up as he stepped down and into the crowd.

'And finally, Prince Morran, step forward.'

In the crowd, a slight, weedy figure was being pushed forward. Jeers rose up from the crowd, and Morran was flinching as he moved towards the altar, past the head priest. He tried to shut out the noise as he took his place, and knelt, focusing solely on the altar. 

'Hear him, immortal lords of the earth and the heavens. Hear his plea.'

The words, spoken in almost perfect unison by the priests, echoed back from the arched ceilings of the temple. When the echos died away, there was silence. The silence stretched on. 

'Hear his plea.' This time a single voice, each word carefully laced with impatience. 

Morran jumped slightly and cleared his throat. 'Uh, I beseech you, Gods of all, to favour me with your blessing. I will honour you with the . . . With the strength of my arm, and the purity of my heart. I will honour you, and bring your worship to pass for my reign as king. I will honour you, or I will die trying. This I swear.' His voice was faltering, slow. 'This I swear,' he tried again, forcing the words to come out stronger. 

Silence. After a few moments, the crowd started to murmur quietly, but Morran didn't need to hear to know what was being said. It would be the same words that had followed him his whole life - Weak, Useless, Pathetic. Well, if the Gods wouldn't have him, he would just have to fight on his own merit. He braced to stand up, tears starting to form in his eyes. His hands balled into fists, ready to proclaim he would fight for his own sake, ready to curse down the people who were judging him. He rose. . . and the world blurred. The priest's scarlet robes, the silver engravings, the muted tones of the crowd, all blurred into one smokey grey mass. Morran blinked and scrubbed at his eyes, but the world stayed grey, swirling and twisting but never relenting.

Panic was rising in his eyes as he spun around, looking frantically for... Anything. The smoke and fog was everywhere.

'I've never been worshipped before'. Despite the fog, the words were clear, sharp and precise. Morran spun around, but there was no-one there. 'Usually I'm just feared. For good reason.' The voice was right by Morran's ear, and he jumped forward. 

'Who's there?,' Morran squealed, his head still searching for the source. 

'Your patron, of course.'

'Y-yeah? Then show yourself!'

There was a chuckle, dark and humourless. 'Youll regret that.' 

It was like wind swept through, pulling the fog to one point, where it swirled and undulated and started to form a figure. When the figure stepped out from the last tendrils of fog, Morran gasped and recoiled. His 'patron' was clad almost entirely in a grey robe up to his neck. His head was bare, revealing a skull, pieces of rotting flesh still clinging to the bone, and maggots writhing over the surface. In the empty eye sockets, red glows flickered slightly. Morran shuddered when the gaze met his eyes, but tried to force himself to straighten up.

'See. You poor weak mortals can never look upon the face of Death. Your fragile sense of mo-'

'So you'll sponsor me? Really?'

The red flickers blazed brightly for a moment, though Morran could not tell if it was amusement or anger. 'Absolutely. I claim you, as I claim my protégé every generation. I should warn you though, they never accept.' Death moved closer, gliding through the fog, until he was a mere foot from Morran, towering over the young prince. So close, the smell of rot made Morran's nose curl. 

'Why not?'

This time the chuckle had more mirth. 'Can you not guess?' Death leaned in, and Morran was certain he felt a maggot brush against his cheek as Death whispered in his ear, 'because I'm too good. Because you will kill them all. And because if you don't, you're mine anyway. Because I don't lose.' Death straightened up. 'Humans seem to hate the idea of me winning.'

Morran felt his teeth chattering, and clenched his jaw down. After a few deep breaths, he managed 'fine. So be it.'

Death's head tilted to one side, and his eyes shone brighter. 'Truly? Well. This will be fun. Brace yourself.' 

Before Morran had a chance to react, Death reached out and touched his chest. Morran gasped as icy coldness speared through his heart, and out to his limbs. He closed his eyes, stifling a scream, but by the time it encompassed his body, it just felt. . . Right. 

He breathed out, and opened his eyes. The temple was back. The crowd's chattered died down, and then rose again, more urgent. The priest was rushing forward, and grabbed Morran by the arm. 

'What have you done?'

'Bonded with my patron.' For the first time ever, Morran's words were calm, confident. His voice was lower too, filled with strength. 

'But. . . You cannot bond with Him. It is forbidden.' The priest's voice was panicky, and his hand was gripping Morran's arm tighter and tighter. 'No-one has dared bring this evil upon the world for hundreds of years. Do you even know what He might do to us?'

Morran raised his hand to stop the priest's babble. The priest flinched, but stood his ground. 'I do not know what Death might do, no. But look at it this way - you wanted my brothers and I to fight to the death. . . Why don't you join in?' 

'Wha-?' The priest's last words came out as a yelp. Morran's hand darted out, grabbing his neck. The priest's eyes widened for a moment, his hand clawing at Morran, until a cracking sound marked the man's death. Morran slowly released his grip, letting the body slump to the floor. Blood dropped from Morran's hand, and as he turned his face to look out on the crowds, his eyes glowed blood red to match. 

'Where are my brothers? Shall we proceed? If there are no further objections, that is.'

The screams started at the front, but soon the whole crowd was trampling their way to the doors. 

Twelve figures remained. Slowly, very slowly, one of the princes drew his sword. 

--
Never done a post here before. I hope it's okay. I've got a few more prompts saved so if anyone likes my writing style I'll try to do more. 
Also I wrote this on phone so please excuse (or point out) typos. My phone thinks dog is a better word than fog every time haha

Edit: Part 2 is posted as a reply to this :) Thanks for the lovely comments everyone, it's so lovely because I'm very self conscious about my writing.

Edit: change wriggling to writhing from feedback - many thanks :)