For eighteen years I have been told the same old lies, that my life will be simple all I have to do is invest my points as they see fit. If I want to be a doctor, I should invest 15 points in intelligence, 1 into charisma and 4 into agility. Every life had a set configuration and I was so close to becoming just another doctor.

Until that day, now I just don’t care. My family are dead, whisked away by a stroke of misfortune. As my family were driving back home, a black cat was crossing the road, my father a retired soldier used all his agility to try and avoid it. And he did, only to be hit by a truck whose driver had fallen asleep. Now they are gone, it could have happened to anyone, just a stroke of bad luck. 

So what is the point of investing in intelligence or strength if everything I love can be snatched away in a single moment of bad luck. So I made my decision and put all of my points into luck. I clicked the accept button and a warning message appeared, (Your selection is invalid for any known career set up, do you still with to continue?)   

I hesitated, this was the moment, the one moment where I could go back to my old path. But that path lay broken at the bottom of a grave. I clicked accept and walked away from the machine. Within moments I could hear the sirens, it seems I am to be arrested, truly a great start to my luck filled life. 

I was dragged in cuffs and whisked away. Thrown into the back of a cruiser, one of the officers jabbed me with a needle and my mind started to go blank.

I work up in a bright room, a balding old man in a far too expensive suit sat across from me a smile gripping his face.

“Glad to see you awake, my name, well you don’t need to know that. I am here to tell congratulate you on the greatest choice you have ever made. From this day forth, you will be one of the leaders of this world.” I sat there confused at his statement, I had broken the cardinal rule of this society, I had chosen a different set of stats, yet this man wanted to reward me, it made no sense.

“Now I understand you must be confused, but it is rather simple really, you are now one of the luckiest beings alive and with luck comes power. If you ever buy stocks they will increase in value, if you walk down the street staring at the floor you will find a diamond ring. Your life will be long and prosperous as long as you follow one simple rule. You must never tell anyone you put your points in luck.” 
“But why, surely others could benefit from having more luck, many deaths could be avoided, the world could be a better place.”

“Have you ever considered that luck is a limited resource, if everyone who entered a lottery won, the payout would be less than the cost of the ticket. This world only runs because only the chosen few put their points into luck. Now you can of course turn down my offer, but I must warn you, no matter how lucky you are, a bullet to brain will still kill you.”

My heart was fuming, I wanted to curse this old man, curse the system, if they had just spread out the luck a bit my family wouldn’t have died. But something stopped me from shouting him down. Instead I accepted his offer and started my new life.

It was so easy, too easy, I could walk anywhere and have anything. But what I wanted was already gone. I was patient, gathered my resources, built my network. I had only one mission, I had only one truth. And when I was ready the world was going to know, luck was the greatest stat of all.
