The folklore of my people is old and weathered, been beaten from years of antiquity, and eaten up by the bigger stories of the bigger people. But the lore remains, as it does, hanging from the threads of wonder, and sometimes truth.


To say I have seen the truth will get me called a liar. And perhaps my eyes do lie, and perhaps it is my heart which sees, and it sees blindly. So I will not say I have seen the truth. I have only heard tales of what the night lady has told me. And I have heard the footfalls of the Old Children, and heard their flutes that come from the Great Caverns of the Lost Palaces. But let us start from the beginning.


When the warnings came there was panic amidst the city. Many people had died in missile strikes. The dust which had settled had risen again, and there were lights of war in the skies. But we were not at war with another country. Something within our walls had led to destruction, disturbing the politicians in their sleep, and the powerful in their leisure.


Horns flared at night after the earthquakes came. The earth shook greatly, and in all the large places there were cracks and fissures.


*An invasion,* I thought.


The missiles were from our own government. The earth had cracked in many places. The cities were evacuated, and I was moved to the slums, and then even the slums were not safe. I did not know what was happening. I sought refuge near the docks by the harbor, in the small warehouses that still stood.


Scant communication led to no communication soon after as the days passed. Panic was everywhere. I saw people running about and trying to flee. A last message was broadcast before the airs went dark: 'Beware the dark. We have lost the war.'


But I hid in the dark with broken light trickling in like scarce water. I was hungry and afraid. I heard the voices of English speakers and then the sound of boats departing, and there were planes above as well. The nights then were still and quiet and I could feel *something* about.


*War,* I thought.


My family had seen war before, but not I. 


*It is always war.*


But who was attacking?


Something rustled one night in the docks. I had little supplies to heed the last warning fully. I lit candles in the corner which I hid. I had nowhere to go, and there was gunfire in the distance sometimes, and so I was afraid to leave.


That night I grew still, for I was afraid I would die. 


The prayers of my faith came with comfort but the sound did not cease. A rustle amidst broken glass. Then shadows that passed. Then quiet as I stewed in knowing I had been seen. Something was watching me. Something was coming.


*Beware the dark.*


The earth had split during the quakes and missiles. It had cracked some time before. And then I heard the door open and the stones squeaked beneath leather shoes and the sounds echoed and I was still and my mouth was dry.


A woman with long hair aimed a bow at me. Her skin was brown and bronzed in the light, and her face was painted in the old ways of the stories I read.


"Please, do not kill me," I said.


"Frater?" she said. "You are one of the Old Tongue?"


"Yes... I am not from here. Who are you?"


She held the bow steady. Others were surrounding the warehouse. She was not alone.


"You are the Weak Blood," she said. "Death should come to the Weak!"


"You are the Children," I said. "The Old Children!"


My mother had told me so long ago. The Old Children were our fathers and mothers from the time before. When war and destruction crept to their doors and surrounded them, they had turned underground for shelter and protection. They turned the earth and fires and stone and dark into the Great Caverns. They built palaces beneath the earth where they hid from the evil of the world.


"My mother has told me of you! I come not from this place. I come from the hinterlands."


"The hinterlands are below us. You are the Weak Blood."


"But I am your blood."


Another came. He was brown and big and his bow was as tall as a man. He aimed at me and nearly fired. The lady stopped him.


"Frater," she said. 


It meant I was of theirs.


The man spat on the ground and stared at me.


"Weak," he said. "Worthless."


"Maybe. But he is of the blood. He knows much. He can tell us."


"What is going on?" I asked.


There were shadows in the night. The gunfire had eased as the days passed. 


"Many of us have died," said the woman. "More of yours have been killed."


"I am not one of them. I am not part of the army who bombs or the government who digs."


"Yes, I can see. You are nobody."


The man left the woman with me as he went back out with the others. She sat down beside me with difficulty. Her face was drenched in sweat. 


"You are hurt," I said. 


"And you are Weak."


She asked me many things that night. She told me of the cracks that had revealed the Great Caverns.


"Needles and fire has brought the surface to our homes. And now the evil tries to get in. We shall not run anymore."


"What will you do?"


"We will stand up and not be Weak. We will take back this world from those who had taken it so long before."


And she told me of the Lost Palaces of amber, where the walls were orange with soft shadows and where the alleys were bathed in the music of flutes, echoing haunting melodies. She told me of the Old Children, of the folklore I had thought false. And she winced in pain as she guarded me until the others returned.


"You are hurt," I said.


"I will get better."


"I can help."


"No you can't."


She hated me, but not in the cold way I was accustomed to. We were of the same blood, and so she did not disregard me completely.


"How is it that you are here? Why have you left the hinterlands?"


"War has taken it. I had fled for my life."


"War takes everything beneath the Sun."


Then there was that quiet. In the quiet sense comes to you in a slow feed.


"How is it you exist?" I asked. "How is it all the legends are true?"


And the lady looked at me with a stone face.


"How is it that anything is true? Because it is. You see it. You see me. I am one of the Children."


"But why would the Old Children be in this country? Why would they be real?"


"The same reason you are in this country. The same reason you are real."


"But I *am* real. I came here alone. I fled the real world's war."


"And now war has found you again. Civil strife has torn this country to pieces, hasn't it? And now you're alone in war. Maybe you don't want to be alone."


She leaned closer. My hands spread on the floor and the glass cut me and I felt the blood stick with the dirt and grime. It stung badly. I winced as she winced.


"You are hurt," she said.


"And I'm Weak."


When you are alone you can go mad. I closed my eyes to kiss her but the door swung and there were footsteps echoing. 


"I must go," she said. "The night ends soon. I must return to the palace."


I heard gunfire again. The lady left and the wind took the doors and window frames and they made noises so that I felt almost with company. 


I thought of the Lost Palaces. I thought of the stories mother would tell. The Old Children were our people. They lived beneath us, and if they lived there, then I was not so alone.


I listened to the sounds outside. There were fires crackling. People were chanting to tear down the Parliament. I cowered in my corner. They spoke English far away. War is always scary in a foreign language.


But I closed my eyes and knew that was all just a fantasy. In my peace I could hear the sounds of the flutes in the Great Caverns. I could see the lady dance in the orange lights, her shadows as fluid as the clear waters of the crystal fountains. I could *see* the great walls that held my people. I felt safe.


I found comfort. My hand was bleeding, but the cut was not deep. The night would soon end, and then it would come again. I knew the lady would come back, and I knew she would take me to that safe place.


I waited for it. I closed my eyes and waited beneath those slits of light.


-


*Hi there! If you liked this story, then you might want to check out my subreddit, r/PanMan. It has all my WP stories, including some un-prompted ones. Check it out if you can, and thanks for the support!*