He had seen the nearby boat, and it appeared to be an excavation team, combing the lake for ancient treasures.  Arturo had just been relaxing that day, wanting to get away, fish a little, and unwind.  He had finally found a place that felt like home to him. He had spent a majority of his youth bouncing around homes across the world, never really knowing a permanent home after his parents had died. He didn’t even know where he was originally from, though he suspected he was born somewhere in the United Kingdom, where he had spent some of his earlier years.  He had faint memories of visiting a lake when he was just a child, and it had always brought him great relief.  In times of stress he would just think being alone out on a lake while the sound of his mother’s voice hummed a familiar tune.  His legs were dangling over the edge of his small boat, and his toes had just touched the water, sending ripples spreading across the calm water.  Arturo pulled out a sandwich, sliced turkey on a hoagie roll and took a bite.  The boat rocked and with a whoosh of water a diver emerged directly next to the small raft, startling Arturo and almost sending the sandwich flying.  It didn't even leave his hand as he lost balance, when a seagull, which had been attentively circling swooped down and snatched it from his hand.  "Great, there goes lunch" Arturo bemoaned.  As the diver removed the diving mask, Arturo was realizing that this diver was a girl and she was holding something in her hand.  "I believe this belongs to you" she said.  He was temporarily stunned, as the girl appeared to be beautiful.  His heart fluttered a little bit and he felt his face flush.  "I didn't think I dropped anything" Arturo replied.  The girl was holding what appeared to be a butter knife, in pristine condition.  It couldn't have been down there too long he thought.  It could have been the way the sun was reflecting off the water, but it appeared the girl was glowing, with beams radiating out in the water around her.  Mesmerized, Arturo reached out and took the knife, feeling drawn to it.  "Thank you" Arturo replied, and as quickly as the girl had emerged, she dove back into the depths.  Arturo, feeling a little bewildered by the experience, held up the knife.  It felt good in his hand, evenly weighted, and he hadn’t really ever held a knife he though so finely crafted.  He wondered why the girl had gone off so quickly, he hadn’t even caught her name.  Arturo tucked the knife into his pocket, and laid back down to take a brief nap.  Violently being jerked awake, sweating from being asleep in the sun, Arturo noticed the dive team motoring their boat towards him.  “Best be getting to shore soon, Lad, storms coming in.”  “Thanks” he replied, “Care to take me up for a tow? I would be much obliged.” “Of course” the replied.  As the team came near, Arturo quickly glanced at the crew, scanning for the familiar face he had seen before.  “Did you guys find anything interesting out there?” “Nothing today, we have been searching for some artifacts from an old war we heard took place on the shore near here, but found nothing today.”  Realizing the girl was not with the team, Arturo asked, “What of the lady in your crew, where did she go?”  They looked around somewhat confused, “Just the four of us Lads today” Arturo, puzzled, reached for the knife in his pocket, gripping it lightly, running his thumb over its serrated edge. “But, who approached me earlier?” “None of us lad, and we are the only ones in the area aside from you.  You must have been out in this sun a little too long, maybe a little hungry or something.” “Maybe…” Arturo laughed it off, squeezing the knife firmly. “Maybe”