"Gonna take a quick shower then hop back in bed, won't be more than 10 minutes I promise!"

 Amber rose from the mattress throwing off the sheets and wrapping herself in a towel as she made her way down the hall too the bathroom.

 "Don't know if I can wait that long, better make it five."

She turned around with a slight grin "You're cute." She said half-heartedly closing the door behind her. 

I checked my phone. 8 AM is too early to be up on a Saturday but not for Amber. She's got me into this whole get the most out of your day thing. Wake up, have breakfast, go for a quick run. I don't particularly mind it, in fact I've gotten used to it by now but I guess it was high time for a stay in bed and do nothing kinda day. 

"She'll be awhile"

She always says 10 minutes but by the time she does her hair and brushes her teeth and whatever else women do in the morning we're getting close to 25 and thats being generous. I decided to close my eyes and be with my thoughts for a few minutes, maybe get in a quick post-sleep nap. I could hear the water turn on but the sound of our squeaky shower head was interrupted by a loud crash erupting from the bathroom.

 "Amber? You alright in there?" I called out towards the hallway. The door whipped open quickly and an out of breath Amber emerged, hunched over, her arm extended out towards me. I sprang from the bed catching her as she fell. Her face was cut and her body bruised and dirty.

"Amber what happened? Are you alright?" I asked, embracing her limp body. 

"It worked, I can't believe it worked!" she gasped choking on her breath as tears begun to stream down her face. 

"What are you talking about, all you did was turn the water on." 

"How long has it been? How long ago did I go into the bathroom?"

"Like less than a minute. You're beginning to freak me out. What is going on?"

"I... you need to see for yourself I can't explain it to you. Oh my god I can't believe I made it back. And you... less than a minute. I missed you, I thought I would never be able to get back to you. It's been so long." 

She reached out grabbing my face pulling me in to kiss me as if I had been gone for months. 

"I'm sorry but you aren't making any sense, I just saw you, remember? You said you were gonna shower and the-"

"I never made it into the shower Adrian, you need to come with me, something happened when i turned it on I saw a loose tile on the wall, I reached out to fix it and then suddenly I'm not in the bathroom anymore." 

"Have you lost your mind? That doesn't make any sense. People don't just disappear. Do I need to take you to the hospital or something? Did you fall?"

"Adrian I went somewhere. I wound up in this place, I can't really explain it right now but you need to trust me. I was gone for a very long time. You need to come with me, please you need to see this. I will explain everything to you I promise"

She grabbed my hand pulling me in through the door. The shower was still running but she was right. There was an out of place tile on the wall and something was just not right about its appearance. It just didn't look like it belonged with the rest of the bathroom. It had a slightly translucent look to it. 

"Follow me ok, this should take us to the same place I got in."

"What place?! Can you just tell me what is going on already?"

"Adrian we don't have time for that just trust me! Please! I promise I'll explain."

"bu-"

"Just shut up and come with me."

Amber reached out to touch the strange tile and just like that she was gone. The squeaky faucet of the shower cut through the silence and I was left alone. I had no choice but to follow her it seemed and so holding my breath I touched the tile. 