Press Start to begin


Long, Long ago, there once existed a curious world. In this world existed many mysterious lands, each crafted with wonders of their own design. Everything here was often seen as two dimensional and simple, but, at heart, it was actually complex and puzzling. From Ping Pong and misshapen blocks to space aliens and gluttonous, round yellow men, there was always a new place to explore. Once a popular wonderless, this place has now become a distant memory for many. It is here where your roots begin and your imagination sparks.


Your journey, however, starts here. Here was only one planet among many, but it is the one place you like to call home. No older than that of two, you were never discouraged from learning. Under the guidance of a hero dressed in green, you were trained to protect the values that matter to you most. The princess of the world taught you to look at all perspectives and to never fall into ignorance. The King of Thieves reminded you of the impacts of power and how it affects those in its presence. Upon announcing your plans of departure, you were told “It’s dangerous to go alone.” So, you were not left empty handed. With you, you took Link’s courage, Zelda’s Wisdom, and Ganon’s Power, together known as the triforce.


Arriving here, you noticed the atmosphere was far different than anything you had experienced before. This world was purely governed by critical thinking and knowledge. With a strong influence of Science and Technology, there were several advancements and inventions to explore. Conveniently, you were given a mysterious device that granted you the use of two portals. With this device, you were encouraged to solve the many puzzles and challenges set in front of you. Without looking back, you faced this task head on. When the puzzles grew too easy, you added time limits and obstacles to satisfy your need for a challenge. Even when things got difficult, and sometimes dangerous, you persevered and kept going. After observing your growth and hard work from afar, a strange man asked, “Would you kindly come with me?” Being a child of curiosity, naturally you said yes.


Although you were still young, the strange man believed it was time that you entered his vastly complicated world. Here, he showed you what happens when you let the world be governed by science and technology alone. At first the world seemed wonderful and problemless, but eventually people abused this freedom, crafting chaos and havoc onto the world. What remained were only enslaved, genetically altered girls, large, dangerous monsters, and mentally unstable citizens. The strange man stressed that it was important to not forget the other aspects of humanity. You took this advice to heart, and wrote vigorous notes as the man continued to guide you around. As you walked, you heard a variety of different jazz pieces filled with wonder and lure. He showed you the endless amount of art,everything from paintings to photography to architecture. The strange man also had you listen to tapes that contained the many different stories of the past. Upon reaching the end of this world, you were given some worthy advice:

“The story you hold is yours alone. Guard your pen wisely,  and let no one rewrite what lies within your pages.”


Unlike in the other worlds, your arrival here was not welcome. In a world filled with only men, you were immediately seen as a desired object, rather than the person you have become. Even worse, you had come at a time when a female visitor had been kidnapped. Being much older and skilled, you decided to make it your mission to rescue the girl. This was certainly no easy task. You had to fight several battles, both mentally and physically. At every turn, your wits and skills were tested, each time proving to be more successful than the last. Thankfully, several people on the planet were kind and aided you on this quest. When you had reached the final boss, an epic battle ensued. Using the experiences you gained from the previous planets, you fought long and hard. At first, it seemed like it would never come to an end, but then you remembered you were not alone. With all your power, courage, and wisdom, you made a single final blow. The boss had been defeated, and the girl had been saved. As you headed to your next adventure, the girl asked who you were.

“A Gamer”

To be continued.....?