This is Simon.  

As you can plainly see, he isn’t saying anything, but that is to keep quiet about the fact that he has a power unknown to humanity and, only slightly less so, to himself.  You see, whenever he taps a surface four times, he is transported around the world to the location of a random person who is in distress.  He discovered this one day when, instead of knocking on wood three times, as is tradition, he knocked an additional fourth time on accident.  It was after this fourth knock that he found himself flying through a rift in space and time; hurtling toward a poor unfortunate soul in need of rescue.  This is where he finds himself now, as he flies through dimensions to recuse another person in need of saving.  Unfortunately for Simon, however, this is a rather terrible power to have.  

I’m getting ahead of myself, though, because what I have stated thus far is not based on the reality of the situation, but on what Simon currently believes to be the truth.  The reality is that his power is derived not from within himself, but the ancient runes that were carved on the underside of his coffee table which, incidentally, he had previously knocked on in the correct order.  These runes were part of an ancient Celtic rite which allowed for the instant transportation of an individual across large distances.  You are probably thinking that this is so serendipitous that it cannot possibly be true, and I normally would agree.  However, this is one of those rare instances where random chance conspired to give an unearned gift to humanity.

That being said, this transporter works by finding the highest concentration of despair throughout the world and transporting the individual to that location.  Such a device was effective for proving oneself through heroic deeds, although this worked much more effectively in ancient times as more advanced technologies make this much riskier to use.  For instance, at the exact moment Simon disappeared into space-time, a submersible exploring the Mariana Trench suffered a massive engine failure and began to take on water.  Should he appear here, then he will surely perish with everyone else.  Alternatively, on Mount Everest, a professional climber having an off day just kicked a small pebble down a rather fragile snowdrift, triggering an avalanche that was sure to swallow hundreds of climbers.  These two examples, and many more, would surely see to it that Simon swiftly met with his grisly end...

However, fortunately enough for Simon, humans are melodramatic creatures and he was instead transported to the room of a father who had just stepped on one of his son’s Legos ^TM .  This led to a whole other series of events, ending with Simon receiving a court date and paying a ridiculously large sum of money to fly back home.  



This story, like most others, has a moral: always check the underside of your furniture.
