All it took was a power outage for the stadium to erupt in madness. The thousands who had gathered to watch SuperBall screamed and shouted as thick darkness blanketed them.

It wouldn't have been this bad, this chaotic, if it weren't for the Death Touchers. That's what they were called. As silly as their names were, there was a reason for it, which was the same reason their seats were roped off from the others.

If you are touched by them, you will die. It was as simple as that.

What was un-simple, what complicated matters, was the fact that they were placed near the exit/entrance of the field. The result of their being the last allowed in. 

Children began to cry. Men and women, roused with alcoholic ire, shouted. Anti-Death Toucher sentiments moved like a wave across the crowd.

"Death to the Death Touchers," people shouted through the dark.

It was about to get ugly. All it would take was for a space bender to crush someone's heart or for a mass distorter to rip a chair off the ground and throw it across the stadium. All it would take was one spark to relight the flames of anger and hate that had led to countless wars and atrocities.

And then, amidst the bubbling unrest, something happened.

Knuckles cracked. Hands glowed. 

It wasn't much. The light was only enough to illuminate a three chair circumference. But like the North Star, people's gazes followed work hope. 

A hush spread, just as it would in the final play of SuperBall, though only if it were a nail biting type of game. The glow moved down the stairs and across the field. The SuperBall players knelt in deference. It reached the other side of the field, shining a light on the scared and angry expressions of the Death Touchers.

Then, like a bell that rangs for hope and freedom, the glowing hands opened the stadium doors.

Moonlight seeped in. The hands waved. The Death Touchers exited the stadium, one by one, careful to not touch one another. They boarded a bus, designed specifically for their condition. A sigh of relief washed over the crowd as the bus sped away.

Then, in an orderly fashion, the stadium emptied with no loss of life.

In the midst of the exodus, someone asked, "The hands, the glowing hands, where are they?"

No one knew. They had disappeared in the brilliance of the moon and stars and street lights. No one knew, but they all remembered.

The mayor offered a reward for this heroic act. Thousands filled the square, waiting for glowing hands to appear. The Death Touchers, blocked off from the others, waited as well, their faces filled with anticipation. No glowing hands stepped forward. None appeared.

Disappointed but not discouraged, the mayor proposed that a monument be built in honor of glowing hands.

That is why, in front of this stadium, outside the place where the most powerful among us compete against each other, every night for the past five years, these marble hands have glowed. They are a beacon of hope, a reminder that even the smallest, weakest, and most obscure of powers can impact many... a reminder now as it was then and as it will be tomorrow.

Edits - Was and am still on mobile