One hundred and nine years had passed. No great wars had occurred. Minor scuffles that ended in only a few million deaths, sure. But nothing on a grand scale, to be romanticised. Dying in the cold, the terror of knowing rations were running out, yet still staying true to your cause. Truly something epic for generations to sing about. Born in 2018, I was second in line for the throne. This felt odd to me for some reason. Why didn't men have to earn our way to ruling the land? In normal, less worthy men, this may have been a motivator to work harder, and try to climb the ranks slowly and diligently. However, men like me, ambitious, bellicose, but still charismatic enough to be loved by his people, have a different way of rising through the ranks. You see, my elder brother, four years was heir to the throne under our primogeniture succession. This however, can be worked around. After my father died, I bode my time, sowing the seeds of dissent of my brother's subjects, the people of our nation. I claimed that his policies were leading us to irrelevance, soon to be forgotten by the world. This led my people to revolt. My claim to the throne was strong, and soon, in 2062, I held the power of an independent nation. For seven years, I have bolstered the standing of my nation, annexing a nation of similar standing and prestige, as well as our bitter rivals. I urged my people to accept this as my attempts at globalization. I built an army worthy of our great nation. I, however realize something. My ascent to power and birth were intertwined with the great conquerers of the early modern era. Napoléon and Hitler. Legendary men with intriguing lives whose name struck fear into the hearts of men at the very whimper of their names. I was to be recorded as the next. Hercule II Grimaldi "The Conqueror". I will succeed where my past incarnations have failed. I will bring the great bear to it's knees. Soon the world will tremble at the mention of my, and my lands' name.

The Grand Principalities of Monaco and San Marino will rise.