There were those who chased the sun and those who fled it.

And in between them were the strange wastes. Lands of bitter tundra or barren, desiccated desert, the sun a tyrant on their backs or on their faces.

Each people had legends of the other: the people on the far side of the world where life was good and where somehow the sun lay calm over green fields for generation upon generation.

They were tales for children to ease their minds to the Walk.

Nathan walked on the edge. Ahead of him, the desert was beginning to turn. Saplings, long dormant under the hell of sand and dust, were now pushing through, reacting to the cooler climate. Grass had already colonized the ground, sparse and brown far ahead, but getting ever greener and greener until it reached Nathan’s feet, thick and lush and healthy.

He knelt. Only grass could exist this close to the edge. This broad belt of grass reaching as far as he could see north and south would eventually sprout trees, vegetables and flowers for Nathan’s people and for the animals that travelled with them, domestic and wild. And eventually, as the planet turned, the trees would die, and then the vegetables and then the flowers until finally all that was left was another long belt of grass and then that too would disappear into the cold wastes far, far behind Nathan. 

His people chased the sun, but they did not worship it. It had been eons since they thought of the sun as a god. It lured them onwards, and they were fish, mesmerised by the bait. They did not worship it just as they did not worship the rolling ground on which they walked. It was and could not be any other way.

Nathan plucked a grass-shoot. He enjoyed this place at the edge, always. He liked the wide expanse of horizon, the emptiness of the land. Most of his people lived far deeper in the habitable zone, moving with the greatest bounty. But for Nathan the sight of grass, the feel of new life, was what kept him moving. 

He wanted to meet the others. He knew the stories were for children. But if he existed, if he could live, then so could they. They would see the frozen land creep up on them, its snows melt and turn to rivers and the grass grow through the cold ground. Nathan thought he would prefer that. He wanted to see a river burst into existence. 

He stood and looked ahead of him. The grass rolled onwards. A flash of light between clouds caught on something in the distance. He stared. Usually the grass dulled the light on the ground and the sand and rocks gave nothing but a glare. This was something different.
Nathan walked ahead. The object shone again as the clouds parted. It was perched on a pole between two rocks. A simple box.

Nathan stopped. It was a hundred yards ahead of him, but he could see clearly that this was nothing that the desert had made. Winds and sands did not make this shape. There was an urge in him to rush forward to it, but another part of him made him pause. He was fearful and he could not fully express why. It was not of his people. It was different and unknown, yet still undeniable. Yes, that was why he could feel a knot forming in his stomach. He knew what he was about to find and he knew that things would change.

He approached. The box had been routed on the pole and the pole driven deep into the ground and support there by metal supports. The wind and sand had taken its toll. There were holes in the box where the sand had penetrated, but it had kept much of its shape. That alone impressed Nathan. He put his hand on it. It was hot from the sun. The lid of the box opened easily under his touch. And within was another container, this one shining and pristine. He lifted it out. 

He felt his pulse make steady contact with the side of the container. He looked up for a moment at the grass and then, distant, at the endless, unknowable desert, and then he opened the container.

There were two metal sheets inside with carvings on them. 

He did not know the language. He knew that none of his people would know. 

Joy began to sift through him. There were others. Remote, so vastly remote, but they were there. And suddenly he did not feel as if he stood on the edge of anything, that this grass had died at the feet of other people and now grew at his feet. 

He stared at the horizon, wondering.
