I closed my eyes for the last time. A smile crept across my lips as I could feel the last bit of energy escape my tired body. I heard the faint sound of shock and crying as I breathed my last.

It was a strange feeling, as if a thousand hands lifted me up and carried me beyond the ward I was in; it was as if I had been granted a jetpack and roamed the skies like I did when I was still a teenager.

I opened my eyes and looked around. Immediately, I was greeted with the strangest of sights. White pillars, made of beautiful white marble lined the 'corridors' and a ornate, gold-covered gate greeted me. The floor was made of clouds but I could not be sure if it was actually just dry ice; it was solid yet a thick fog of sorts seemed to cover each of my steps.

I called out to see if anyone would hear me yet there seemed to be no sign of life there, as if I was alone here, wherever it is. Hmm, it was strange... I remember that I had passed on, no? Did the crying by Jodie and the rest imply I was carried away by the doctors to some unknown place for some sort of experimentation? Where was this place, though? It had to be a well-kept secret facility if it could have such heavy government funding to have beautiful architecture and dry ice for floors.

With a short sigh, I decided to explore beyond the gates. The gates really needed some maintenance as it creaked loudly as I pushed it open. As I took each step, I took a quick mental note to give praise to the architect as the floor really felt comfortable and kept walking silent. It would do well for our society to implement such advanced technology to our sidewalks, reducing sound pollution; after all the discussions made at the 2378 International Union of Nations meeting, I guess the government did take into consideration the efforts to push for greater reduction in pollution.

Beyond the gates however, the sights were a lot less pleasant. Pillars seemed to have disintegrated and debris lined the floors, furniture that were made of gold were scattered everywhere and some were broken into pieces. And within all this chaos, I noticed a man on the ground, buried under some debris.

I dug him out, pulling away marble from his body but it felt cold to the touch. He was probably dead for a long time now but his body seemed to still be fresh. I pulled his corpse out of the ruins and laid him across the floor beside a table nearby.

I was in my early 70s but it still took a lot of effort to get him out. If I was healthier and younger like in my early 40s, I would not have even broke out into a sweat. I took a quick rest but now I noticed a book lying across the table, a feather and a bottle of ink was nearby too.

Maybe it would provide a little more clue to this place I'm at. Flipping the pages, it reminded me of those old movies where there were tales of humans still practicing the old ways of religion. The pages talked about faith and miracles yet showed a distinct fear of science. Was this old man once a pastor? I've heard about them but I've never seen one before, it was 70 years ago when the governments of each nation decided religion was too dangerous and outlawed it as a way to prevent any more crusades. The last World War started because of a crazed dictator who used religious fear as a weapon and we as a species suffered for it.

One page however, caught my attention. It was an unfinished entry. It read:

"Mankind has abandoned me and they seek my demise. I shall grant them their wish. And in my death, may the sciences prosper. But I fear one thing. I fear that in their thirst for a renewed society where I no longer exist that He would prosper.

After all, the devil's greatest trick was convincing the world that he doesn't exist. And I hope-"

All of a sudden, I could hear footsteps, loud thundering steps that echoed throughout the facility. The white pillars turned a sickening black. A voice behind me rang out. And as I turned around, a man in a black suit greeted me, holding out a hand for a handshake as an eerie grin spread across his face.

"Hello, friend. My name is Satan."