FADE IN:


EXT. THE COUNTRYSIDE - ESTABLISHING - EARLY DAY

A verdant landscape of rolling hills, lush countryside, and ambient peace.


EXT. THE WICK HOME - ESTABLISHING - EARLY DAY

A small, quaint, two-bedroom farmhouse: a classic. Nearby, a small barn -its paint chipped, wood worn- sits nestled within the setting. The homestead feels slightly abandoned, the facade -especially the roof- in dire need of an overhaul.


INT. THE WICK HOME - THE MASTER BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS

The sun shining in through the windows, shining directly in the face of JOHN WICK.

A beat... a sigh... a groan... and JOHN WICK -early sixties, salt-and-pepper hair, three-day beard, former brawler, former knight, tired, beaten down, and at wit’s end- sits up, staring unblinkingly out at the day.

A beat... and he stands, donning a weathered robe and a pair of slippers. John stuffs his hands into his pockets...

INT. THE WICK HOME - THE HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS

...and shuffles down the corridor, the walls overflowing with family portraits, each badly in need of dusting. They catalogue a long and healthy life with his wife, Norma; the pictures presenting a time line of sorts. No children, yet sheer, unadulterated happiness.


INT. THE WICK HOME - THE LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS

As John makes his way through his home, we can see that it is cluttered and unorganized. Dirty, in fact, as if it hasn’t been cleaned in months.
2.


EXT. THE WICK HOME - CONTINUOUS

John opens the door, retrieves the weekly news sheet, closes, and locks the door behind him, without giving the outside so much as a glance.


INT. THE WICK HOME - THE KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS

John unceremoniously tosses the newspaper onto the table, opens a cupboard, and measures out a couple of tablespoons of coffee beans, and starts to grind them. He throws a few logs on the fire, to help boil water for his morning delicacy. 

As it begins to bubble, John open the ice chest, studies its contents for a moment or two, and then closes it, abandoning the thought of breakfast.

He pours himself a cup of coffee and sits at the table. The newspaper is ignored. He drinks in silence for a long, dark, brooding moment, the loneliness almost unsettling.

Suddenly, a KNOCK on the door.

John lowers his cup, staring at the door, his eyes tired.
A beat... and he stands, walking slowly to answer it. A man holding a letter out for JOHN.

JOHN
Thank you.

As he closes the door, he breaks the wax seal, and starts reading. John remains still... stoic.

JOHN (CONT’D)
(whispers)

Oh.

John slowly returns to the table, sinking slowly down into his chair.

A long beat...

...and John begins to weep, his hands trembling as he lowers his face in excruciating, utter, and complete sorrow.

FADE TO:


EXT. THE BARN - ESTABLISHING - DAY

Having shaved and showered, wearing his old -but well-fitted-tunic, John pushes open the barn...

...to reveal his old trusted steed. With a black mane, and a weathered, deep chestnut coat of hair.3.


A smile plays at his lips as John walks into the garage, running a hand along his steed, desperately in need of a wash and wax. Behind him, the wall is lined with tools: a warrior’s dream enclave.

John enters-


INT. JOHN’S BARN - CONTINUOUS

-and slips his foot into harness tug

John takes a moment to breath it in: he loves his steed... although he hasn’t taken very good care of it as of late. A beat... gently rubs the horse, and makes a motion for it to move.


EXT. THE WICK HOME - CONTINUOUS

The horse pulls out of the barn, slows briefly, then back to speed, puttering on down the road.


EXT. THE HOSPITAL - ESTABLISHING - DAY

A soft rain begins to fall.


INT. THE MONASTERY - A HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS

Carrying a humble bouquet of yellow daisies, John slowly makes his way down the eerily empty corridor, towards the healing chambers. He pauses before a portrait on the wall, glancing at his reflection upon the glass. He takes a deep breath, exhales, and enters a room.


INT. THE HOSPITAL - A ROOM - CONTINUOUS

John slowly approaches the figure lying in bed, their chest completely still.

He removes the wilted daisies from the vase, tosses them in the trash, and replaces them with fresh ones.

He pulls over a chair, reaches out, and takes Norma’s hand: she is comatose, her breathing non existant.

We never see her face:	just her silhouette.

He holds her hand for a long moment in heavy silence.
4.


Behind him, the DOCTOR -of a similar age to John- enters, placing a hand on John’s shoulder. John lowers his head, and nods. With a bit of effort, he stands, staring down at her for a long moment, never once releasing his grip, and leans over to kiss her on the forehead.

JOHN
...it had to be you...
(a long beat, then)

...be seein’ ya’...

A beat... and John nods.

The candles blown out, the room settles into silence, and Norma’s body grows still.

The Doctor leaves John to be alone with his wife.

JOHN (CONT’D)
(whispers)

Be seein’ you.

FADE TO:


EXT. THE BARN - DAY

John leads his steed into the building...

...and stands there for a long moment...

...his eyes unblinking...

...so very alone...


INT. THE WICK HOME - THE HALLWAY - DAY

John stands before the wall of portraits, statuesque as he studies them... unmoving...

And then, he snaps; his hands gnarled into first, roaring with rage as he punches the pictures, ripping them from the wall, tossing them aside, eventually collapsing into a heap, out of breath, his knuckles, red and bleeding.

A long beat... and he chuckles softly, pulling himself to his feet.
5.


INT. THE WICK HOME - THE BASEMENT - DAY

Unlike the rest of the house, this space is pristine and organized: one half designated as an impressive wood shop, the other an office space with a comfortable seat and bookshelf.

John sits at his desk with a quill in hand, a scroll before him, thinking.

A long beat... and he sighs with a smile, placing the quill back in the ink pot, before sliding it aside.

John unscrews the cap off the bottle of scotch and pours himself a healthy dose.

He opens his desk drawer, reaches into the back, and finds an old pack of tobacco, half-empty, and his pipe. He takes some tobacco, put it in his pipe and lights it, taking a deep pull. He holds it, and exhales, his body relaxing.

He finishes his drink along with the tobacco in his pipe, pours himself another...

...and then opens a bottle from the apothecary (The tag reading pain relief), putting it on the table...

...before opening it, picking it up, sighing and-

A KNOCK AT THE FRONT DOOR.

John freezes, not sure as to how best to proceed.

A beat... and someone KNOCKS a second time.

John sighs, bottle back on the table, and walks upstairs.


EXT. THE WICK HOME - DAY

A DELIVERY MAN waits for him on the doorstep. John opens the door.

DELIVERY MAN
John Wick?

JOHN
Yes?

He hands him a piece of parchment and a quill.
6.


DELIVERY MAN
Sign here, please.

In a daze, John signs the parchment and hands it back to him.

DELIVERY MAN (CONT’D)
And the quill?

JOHN
Oh.	Sorry.

John hands him the quill.

DELIVERY MAN
Here you go!

The Delivery MAN hands him a letter and sets the WOODEN BOX down by the door

DELIVERY MAN (CONT’D)
Have a good day.

John nods, and -as he takes off- picks up the box and heads back inside.


INT. THE WICK HOME - THE LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS

John closing the door behind him...

...and is startled by a small BARK.

A beat... and he looks down to find that he is actually holding a small PET CARRIER. He lifts it to look inside: the face of a young, tri-colored (black, white, and brown), BASSET HOUND looks out at him, her tail wagging fiercely.

She barks again, and John lowers it, confused.


INT. THE WICK HOME - THE KITCHEN - DAY

Holding the envelope in his hands, John sits across from the carrier which he has set upon the table. Inside, the Basset Hound lies with paws crossed, studying him, tilting her head from side to side.

A beat... and John opens the letter. The card inside is simple; white with a single DAISY drawn upon it. John smiles, instantly knowing who it is from, running a thumb along the face of the flower. He hesitates, but opens the card.
7.


NORMA (V.O.)
Dear, John. If you have received this, then I have not survived.
(a beat, then)

I am so, so sorry.

Tears begin to well in John’s eyes.

NORMA (V.O.)
But you’ve still got a life ahead of you, and I intend for you to live it. You may think you’ve hidden things from me, but you haven’t. I know you. And should this reach you in time -which I pray it has- I beg you, I implore you, to stop. To think. To live.
(a beat, then)

I love you, John. With all my heart. Our years were good. The best, in fact. But I’d rather see you later... than sooner... your best friend... Norma.

John lowers the letter, wipes the tears from his cheeks, and stares at the puppy... chuckling.

JOHN
Well played, Norma.

John reaches across, and flicks open the pet carrier.

JOHN (CONT’D)
(mutters)

Well played.

The Basset Hound scrambles out of the cage and studies him; sniffing, licking, and barking.

JOHN (CONT’D)
So... you gotta’ name?

John checks the collar to find a simple medallion which reads-

JOHN (CONT’D)
Maggie.
(a beat, then)

Seriously?

As if in reply, Maggie barks.
8.


JOHN (CONT’D)
All right, then...
(smiles)

...Maggie, it is.

FADE TO:


EXT. THE WICK HOME - ESTABLISHING - EARLY DAY

SUPER: THREE YEARS LATER

The homestead has been completely overhauled with a new roof on the house, the barn having been painted, the yard attended to... a picturesque scene worthy of a portrait.



