Malters Bridge was one of the most popular suicide spots in the city. It overlooked the Malters River, where the rush of its white waters was a siren song which beckoned droves of jumpers. In response, the authorities had strung reinforced nets along the underbelly of the bridge. Alarms were also scattered liberally about, so that assistance could be summoned the moment anyone tipped over the edge. The Coast Guard even set up a special patrol detail equipped with powerful search lights and automated hooks which could fish the uncooperative out from the freezing waters.

For all those reasons, I did *not* choose Malters Bridge as my final destination.

Instead, I had picked a nameless spot upriver, where the lack of barriers meant that one could reach the embankment after a short hike through the underbrush. I had shrugged out from my uniform, which was folded neatly upon the ground. My shoes came off next, then my watch, then my service revolver, then the envelope addressed to the department. I took a deep breath, closed my eyes, then began the walk towards the waters. My leg hurt something wicked, but it would all be over soon anyway.

“Matthew? What are you doing?”

I whirled around. The soft glow of moonlight silhouetted her perfectly, but I didn’t need to see to know who it was. Her voice, her accent, it wrapped itself around me, sapping away the resolve I was struggling so hard to hold onto.

“The hell… how did you know I was here?”

“You didn’t answer your phone, and I was concerned that-”

“Jeanne! For goodness sakes, just… just go away!” My voice, higher and more shrill than I was happy to admit, was on the verge of cracking. “I need to do this, OK? Just… forget you saw me tonight. Just leave me to do what I need to do.”

“Need to do? Matthew, what the hell are you talking about? Do you know how ridiculous this is? You’re the bloody hero of the day, and you-” 

“Don’t call me that!” I screamed. The rage boiled up in me, rising with the fury of an uncaged bobcat. “Don’t call me a hero! I’m not a hero! I’m not a damned, bloody hero!”

“But you are… you saved all of them from the ferry, didn’t you? Isn’t that what a hero is?” Jeanne held up her hands, turning them around briefly so that I could see that she was not hiding anything. She lowered herself to her knees, then sat on the ground. “Look, I’m not here to… tie you up or anything, even though you’re doing something god-smackingly stupid. I’m just here to listen to you, alright? So why don’t you walk back here, away from the water, and tell me… just tell me what the *hell* is going through that thick skull of yours?”

“You’re not my partner right now, OK? This… this isn’t work. This isn’t the bloody precinct!”

“But… I just have to know, Matthew. We were doing so well, weren’t we? Persevering from one clue to the next, and then we were on the tail of the Red Mist himself! He was on the same damned ferry as us! We were that close to him!”

The Red Mist… I looked down, and realized my fists had curled up at the very mention of the name. A cackle escaped from me, which gained steam until the tears were streaming down my cheeks. The hundreds of hours poured into chasing him down, into studying every single lead which crossed our desks, into stakeouts all across the city… it suddenly seemed all so *petty*.

What was the point of being able to apprehend the worst serial killer the city had ever seen, when my hands were not clean themselves?

“It was all a trap, you know. Right from the start. He had the sleeping gas rigged to go off throughout the ferry.”

“I know,” Jeanne said. “But that is what the Red Mist does. We knew the risks, but we had to do it still.”

“Only because we believed it was the best chance we had at catching him! It was the only reliable intel we’ve had in years! And look at what we ended up with! He slipped away again, and over a dozen people drowned... for what? A chance to get close to him?”

“Matthew… you know *everyone* could have drowned if it wasn’t for you. If you hadn’t taken control of the situation, gave the right orders at the right time, more than a dozen could have-”

I shook my head. The lies had gone on long enough. It was all going to end tonight. “Listen, Jeanne. There’s something I didn’t tell the Chief, or any of the reporters. I didn’t wake up on the deck. I was… in one of the recreation rooms. I caught a glimpse of the Red Mist, just before he closed the door.”

“You did?” Jeanne’s eyes glinted in the dark. “What did he look like?”

“I… I couldn’t really see. Not tall, around your height, maybe. But that’s not the point. He had his mask on, anyway. See, I wasn’t alone in the room. There were others there too, a dozen of them, elderly folk who looked like they had just been plucked out from a nursing home. All of them, asleep, one of them with her bridge cards still in her hands!”

Jeanne was anything but slow. I watched the understanding creep across her face, like dusk stealing across the horizon. “The ones… who drowned?”

“Yes! The Red Mist had them all… tied down. Locks upon locks, knots upon knots. A heap of keys on the floor. He even had a card there, left for me to discover. ‘Save these… or save the rest?’”

“You sure that’s what he wrote?”

“I couldn’t understand it too. Why not just kill them with that dagger of his? Reduce them all to nothing but vaporized blood? Why go to all the trouble of immobilizing an entire ferry, then giving me stupid games to play? That’s when it dawned upon me, Jeanne. He wasn’t there to kill me. He was there to *break* me.” I turned back towards the Malters River. The tide was rising, and though I hadn’t taken a step since, the waters were lapping around my ankles. “I’m done, Jeanne. Go find someone else to take down the Red Mist. I… I can’t sleep anymore, you know. All I see are their faces. Waiting for me to wake them up, to free them…”

“You did what you had to,” said Jeanne. “If you didn’t… choose… so many more would have died. Don’t you see that? It’s the greater good!”

“So why then did I leave that out of my report!” I roared. “Why was I ashamed of the choice I made? Was I afraid of being judged? Could I even have brought myself to look at their families, and to tell them how I chose to abandon them? I can’t, Jeanne! I’m not a bloody, *damned* hero! I’m just… I’m just damned… you have to let me go now, Jeanne. I have to do this. I have to go.”

She didn’t stop me this time. The catharsis spread through me, churning with the cold to summon the goosebumps to my flesh. I had gotten far enough for the waters to reach my knees when I heard her speak again, her voice somehow cutting through the winds billowing about me.

“You remember the legend behind the Red Mist, don’t you?”

I did. It wasn’t something I would likely forget anytime soon.

“The Red Mist doesn’t kill wantonly, despite what the media would have you believe. There’s a hidden pattern to his attacks, a twisted meaning to the way he chooses his victims. It’s easy to dismiss him as just another sadist so discontent with his own life that he purposely picks off the very best amongst us, in some demented way of reducing the overall *quality* of those left behind.”

“The Misunderstood Savior theory?” I asked. “It’s nothing but a toxic byproduct of all the sick minds who worship him. They think he is killing so that he can deliver them unto an unspoiled earth, one that will steer clear of the destruction awaiting ours. It’s nonsense, all of it.”

“Just imagine, Matthew. Indulge me, with those last few seconds of your life. Imagine if the Red Mist truly had an enchanted blade, and was truly capable of sending all those people away to a parallel Earth. That would line up nicely with the victim reports, yes? Neatly distributed across all backgrounds, all occupations, all specializations… in just the right proportions to repopulate the planet?”

“Jeanne, please don’t tell me that you’re buying into that crap. If this is a ploy to make me come back up and take back the investigation from you, then you’ve got-” 

“*Listen*, Matthew! Across all the victims, did you ever see any politicians? Any leaders? Anyone who could conceivably lead a hypothetical group of people stranded in that parallel dimension, bereft of any semblance of leadership?”

“Politicians? Hah! If only the Red Mist would do us the favor of taking a few of our ‘leaders’ away from us.”

“Have you ever considered,” asked Jeanne, “that the Red Mist is now looking for those people who can make the toughest of decisions? Those amongst us who shy away from power, and yet are capable of rising to the occasion when needed? Who can focus on the greater good, without wavering, and who can make the best of a shitty, *shitty* situation?”

I turned, and was just in time to see Jeanne leap up from her sitting position. That was impressive in and of itself, but the way she danced across the uneven ground, the way she propelled herself towards me, the way she practically *skipped* across the surface of the water... she was a silky shadow, flitting effortlessly through the space between us. In her right hand was a curved dagger, its edge impossibly bright. The reflection of the moonlight off its polished surface left streaks burning in my eyes.

“See you on the other side,” she said.

I never even felt the slash across my throat.

--- 

/r/rarelyfunny
