It wasn't that Muse didn't want to get married. That would be alarmingly defeatist of her, to perpetually put off marriage. Marriage was a solid arrangement in which two mutually independent families could find themselves tied together in something other than business deals and food shipping.

The house of wolves had need of both of those things, though, which was probably the point of the marriage.

It was more than she didn't want to do it right /now/. She was 16, and she was learning the ways of the sword, and like hell she was going to get that ruined for her by the brat she'd seen toddling behind the Lord Apsel, who looked like he had seen the wrong side of a horse's hoof a few too many times, or perhaps had spooked an ostrich. 

And more importantly than that, it wasn't like there weren't plenty of her brothers to marry off. There was Logan, who had a handsome face, if you liked guys (Muse was beginning to suspect that she didn't but that was fine, there were other kinds of marriages available, or so she told herself), and then there was her older brother and

Right, she couldn't honestly expect her father to marry off his heir for just anyone, could she.

Which was what brought her halfway down from the second floor of her family's tired keep.

To her shock and sudden horror, she realized that across the keep from her, someone else was doing the same thing, with nothing else but her dead mother's sheets from stopping his descent. His face looked remarkably like someone had broken his nose once or twice, and someone had failed to reset it properly, which was more understandable.

She could feel the slightly warm flicker of magic in the other boy that marked him as a noble, or a hero of some note, and given that he looked less like a man and more like an idiot hanging from bed sheets, she supposed he was a noble.

He broke off eye contact first, his eyes wide, and slid down to the ground, letting out an oomph when he hit the ground.

Muse followed down after a bit slower, her eyes narrowing.

"What the hell is wrong with you?!" She snarled at him as he walked over to her.

"Wrong with me?!" the boy cried out. "You're the one running away from home."

"No, see, I'm the one that's allowed to show my displeasure. You decided to take my mother's silk sheets and ditch because you couldn't stand the thought of me!"

The boy's face turned a bit pale as Muse balled her fingers back into fists. "Now uh, wait a minute, I think we're going about this wrong."

"How so," Muse asked, feeling rather unreasonable today. "I mean, if you think about it, this is all your fault."

"My fault?" The boy hissed. 

"Yes," Muse agreed.

Muse was trained in the sword and had two older brothers. It wasn't unfair to say that she was also trained in the art of breaking noises.

He fell to the ground in a wailing heap, and Muse felt the pain magic her mother had bestowed upon her at birth flickering at her senses, telling her that she'd fucked up.

Muse stared down at him, then back at the castle, scowled, then grabbed his nose, wrenching it back into place as best she could, before slapping him aside the face and stalking back into the castle.

And somehow, Muse ended up single at the end of the day, and her father was far more amused about it than unhappy.

And that was how Muse remained single.
-----

Wrote a bit of a one off from a novel character. To see more stuff like this, go to https://www.reddit.com/r/Zubergoodstories/ and like nag me and sub and comment and stuff if you want more.