I hate flu shots.  I have a bit of a fear of needles, if we're being honest.  All my work in construction, welding, and general contracting, I have no problems.  I've had Jeremy shoot that damned nail gun into my forearm on his second damn day (he's damned lucky to be my wife's nephew, or I'd have fired him for showing up late on his first day), I've played Staple Gun Roulette in college, I even went through a big 'piercing' phase when I wanted to prove to my parents I wasn't a kid anymore, but for some reason, needles at the doctor's office?  In 34 years, I have never gotten over that one.

I've gotten pretty good at pretending, and today I have every reason to pretend; the new nurse at my doctor's office is really cute.  Her glowing personality fits perfectly with her big smile wrapped in a bob cut and pink nurse covers.  She's been a little flirty since I walked in; I'll have to ask for her number before I leave.  I can't believe I missed her name when she first walked in.

Her smile only fades when Dr Brooks walks into the room.  It's odd to see the Doctor for a flu shot, but I guess since Nurse Sweetsmile is also Nurse New, he has to observe.  The nurse gets very formal now, very professional.  The small talk fades quickly.  I try to reassure her that she's doing a great job, and I confess how needles scare me a bit... but with her I feel very comforted.

Her smile sneaks back in.

Dr Brooks isn't smiling, though.  He seems pretty frustrated.  He's always been a curmudgeonly old dodger; he was probably born with that condescending sneer.  If what my mother told me about your face sticking that way was ever true, it was true for this guy.  He's not much older than me, I'd say early 40's at most, but already being half bald and never smiling has made him look like one of those old timey pictures I've seen in books of coal miners from the early part of last century.  Maybe this is what they looked like after a shower.  He's a great doctor, but I don't think I could ever call him a great guy.

I don't know why, but Dr Brooks takes over for Nurse Disrespected as she is prepping the needle.  She moves to the corner to watch and feel embarrassed.  I try to reassure Dr Brooks that she was doing very well, but his reply... can someone be compassionately condescending?  If you can, he is.  

Dr Brooks starts talking about me as though I'm just a puppet, explaining in minute detail to Nurse ReducedToStudent about PRECISELY how she should have been doing her job.  He mentions how she needs to be professional, and her presentation is always making things take longer and giving client the wrong impression... maybe I shouldn't ask her number.  Maybe I was just misreading her nature as something just for me.  She makes eye contact with me, looks back to the needle...

...That... that was weird...

I look at Dr Brooks, taking the needle back and turning to the sink.  He starts going through the drawers, always professional but clearly rushed.  Nurse LearningQuick is just looking at me.  Did I do something wrong?

"Is everything ok, doc", I ask?  I haven't gotten the bandage, yet.  I haven't been told to hold the swab against the wound yet either.  I look at the nurse, and then at my arm... no shot.  "Is there something wrong with the needle?"  A gruff 'yes' was all I got, he didn't even turn to look at me.  No explanation about what happens next, nothing.

I look at Nurse HelpfulGlance, who comes close to me and whispers "It bent.  He couldn't sink the needle".

It bent.

He couldn't... sink the needle.

Dr Brooks' change was sudden.  He glared to his young nurse, and demanded she begin refiling some pile of documents long-growing in his office.  She turn fiercely, screaming about his jealousy once again getting in the way, and how she can't work in these conditions.  "How many patients do you need to try and hurt... do you want another lawsuit... I'm not doing this again..." 

Dr Brooks turns, screaming.  Telling her, in front of the many photos he has plastered around his office of his wife and young daughters, how important she is to him!  How he cannot stand the way she uses her beauty to make other men think vile things!  How she cannot let 'scum like THAT' (pointing to me) destroy her... I'm not scum, I don't think, but I've been called worse.

She runs from the office, crying.  Nurse Judy, who has been at this office for years, looks in and asks the Doctor to come review a file.

We stand there.  Dr Brooks, Nurse Judy, and I.  Silently.  for moments that stretch into eons, we stand without word.

"May I see the needle", I ask.  It breaks the ice.  Dr Moody leaves without saying a word.  Nurse Judy looks at me.  I have to ask, "Is she ok?"

"You're sweet.  Hold still for me, ok?"  Nurse Judy has already set up a fresh needle, and in a smooth motion has given me my annual flu shot.  "Hold this for me" she says as she collects the bandage for my arm.  "I got you a spiderman bandaid, for climbing all those buildings".

I thank her, but again I ask what happened.  "Don't worry, sweetie.  I have to check in on the other patients, now.  You're all set.  This shot is on the house; not even a co-pay."  And she was gone.  I try to ask for the new nurse's name, but Judy is on tot he next room.

I collect my jacket... but I can't help myself.  There, on the wall, in big red letters 'SHARPS'.  

I look in the basket.

There must be a dozen bent needles strewn in there.