  

Paint peeling off the walls, rusted railing lining concrete stairs, and some likely mistreated dog barking from inside who-knows-which apartment. Why does it seem like the scenery never changes; can't I just for once get sent to some mansion upstate instead of hole in the wall tenements like this? These people are lucky, though. Most freaks like me would never leave the ground floor, much less go to the 13th level just for some patient.

She's very sick; at least, so I've been told. And loaded. One of those old folks who never trusted the banks so she just kept saving while rotting away. Probably keeps it all under her mattress. Not that it matters; I didn't take this referral for the cash. Master Rudolph said this one could be handy in terms of . . . field research. Apparently, it's something he couldn't place on his own. It's not like I mind the extra money, though. Resources have never been more expensive and neither of us has time for nine-to-five employment. 

I pull the cigarette from my lips as I reach the top of the last flight of stairs and knock on the door. I hear coughing before any words are able to be formed.

"Who’s there?" Croaking, like an old swamp frog, accompanied by the sound of an old TV.

"Mrs. McCann? It's Dr. Rudolph. I was told you weren't feeling quite yourself lately?" I say convincingly, no doubt; my voice slightly raspy, but low, with no more than a hint of a German accent.

"Oh my, my manners! Let yourself on in, please."

I'm met with somewhat of a rush of cold air as I part the door, just enough to extinguish the last few embers in my cigarette. "Do you smoke, Mrs. McCann?"

"Of course not, never have I even thought of it," she manages between deep, throaty coughs.

"Good, good. Neither do I." I flick the butt back towards the stairs. She looked worse than Rudolph said she'd be. "How long would you say you've been sick?" I close the door behind me, staring at Rudolph's hands on the doorknob. I never did get used to having his hands. Even for short periods of time like this. The sunspots and wrinkles wrapped thinly over his large knuckles. I'll hand it to him though, for his age it was miraculous that he didn't look a day over 80. Unlike McCann who, if I had to guess, was pushing 100.

She coughed again. "Just about a month now, I'd say." I couldn't see anything around her, but there was no denying that signature smell of an old soul. One that's seen too many lifetimes to count and just might be nearing the end of its course.

"Have any other doctors examined you? Medicated you?" I place my bag down on the ottoman at the foot of her bed, pulling out the empty mason jar and placing it on her bedside table. The middle of the cap had been cut out and a small dreamcatcher made from silver wire had replaced it.

"I'll tell you, every single one I saw told me I was in perfect health. You know that? Couldn't find not a single thing wrong with . . ."--she paused as a coughing fit came over her--. ". . . me. Not a single thing. Could you believe it? I'm sittin' here, lying here, all my days, never so much as a cold. All a sudden I'm sufferin' day in, day out, and soundin' more like a bullfrog than a bird and I sweat my weight in water ever night and shiver all during the day and they have the nerve to say I'm as dandy as ever? It's the spring for Pete's sake; I know it shouldn't be as cold as I'm feeling. They aren' no doctors in my mind, I'll tell you that. Now, Rudolph was it? What kind of doctor are you, exactly?"

I want to say I'm the special kind. I'm the kind that deals in death, not just life. The kind that deals in spirit, not just body. The kind who has to risk life and limb on occasion for especially worse-off patients. "I'm the kind you call when other doctors say you're healthy."

"Well, you better be. I'm afraid I'm dyin'. I'm so close to seeing my first great-great-grandson, too. He's due in mid-May, you know." April had only just begun. There was little chance she'd live that long in this condition. 

Looking around the room yielded little helpful information, if any. There appear to be no physical signs of anything Umbral going on here, and if there were they did a great job hiding it. "May I?" I ask, reaching for an old-looking photo on her dresser.

"I don't see why not. The year was 1906 in that one. My prom night, and that young buck would be my children's father. Lucky he escaped the drafts so narrowly. He had an issue with his eyesight; said he couldn't shoot a bear 5 feet away. We had been courtin' for three years up till that point when he finally did somethin' about it. My ma' helped me pick out that dress at the cutest little boutique my small town had to offer." She looked gorgeous in the photo. Her hair was all done up in a way that made it look like something out of a pinup magazine and her dress was undeniably modern. So modern, in fact, just looking at it reminded me of the prom dress I wore no less than a decade ago. My own mother had helped me pick mine out as well. It's strange to think how often repetition and pattern can be found in humanity.

"It must have been a fantastic night. You never served in the military either, then?" If a geist is to blame for her sickness than it must be after her war experience. It doesn't seem like she’s led a life eventful enough otherwise to warrant such an attack.

"No, no, no. I wouldn't be brave 'nough for that."

"Any world traveling? Did you ever own a successful business?" There's no way this could be a geist; they would never try so hard for people this uneventful. It couldn't be a shade with how long it seems to be taking to kill her, though, and there's no physical damage to be mentioned anywhere.

"No, sir. What strange things for a doctor to ask." Another coughing fit starts to come over her.

"My apologies, I just like to get to know my patients first. That’s all."

"My husband would've liked you. He wanted to be a doctor, you know? He always admired the friendlier side of doctorin'."

"He's no longer with you?"

"Oh, honey if he was here you know he would be standing right beside you looking over more all worrisome." 

"Was he successful in any way? Did he have any hidden talents?"

"He sure could balance a checkbook like nobody’s business. This last year has been so hard without him. I'm sorry but shouldn't you be runnin' your tests and dino-sticks and such? 

Could Master have been wrong? This woman seems to just be dying naturally, any day now could be her last. Hell, any moment. It's not rare for people who have been married this long to die shortly after the spouse does. "Oh, yes, of course," I go back to my bag, removing my tools and beginning to prepare. "How rude of me to keep you waiting." I quickly light my sage before she has time to notice and question me. The room feels even colder, and I begin to doubt that this is all just natural. "I hope you don't mind the taste of medicine." 

"Darlin', I can handle anything." She takes the small flask from my hand, finishing it in a single swig. I begin to see colors shimmer close to her skin that I know are invisible to her. I was right, she has a very old soul.

"Mrs. McCann?" I ask as I reach into Rudolph's coat.

"What is it?" 

"You're going to meet your great-great-grandson." I pull the gun out of the coat and as she gasps like they always do, I stick it in her mouth and shoot out the back of her neck.

(Part 1 of 2)