Stop it. For the last time, you must respect language. If you keep saying literally, when will I know you actually mean it? Literally does not mean figuratively.  I might as well say to you, I am joking right now. 

You hurt my feelings, Herb. I feel sad. 

Oh come on now! I'm just asking you to stop using the L word every time you open your mouth! 

But. (Tears swelled up in his eyes) but. I... (he got me. I put my arms around his shoulder.)

It's okay, Talal. Forget about it. 

I literally can't help it! 

(I don't know what came over me. I pushed him off the sidewalk into the ditch of mud ) I've had it!  (He said it just to piss me off!)

I'm literally going to drown in my own tears tonight! 

(Couldn't care less. I walked home. But he never expressed anything like that before. I followed my gut feeling and went to his house. The door was unlocked. I called for him checking every room. There he was, in the bathtub. Blue in the face. Could it be?

I'm literally going to drown in my own tears tonight! 

 I remembered his last words. I tasted the water. It was salty! Salty tears! Then I realized too late what he had been trying to tell me everyday. His fridge was packed with horse meat. He literally ate horse every time he was hungry. The letter was still on his desk, diagnosis of LITERALLY-SPECIAL TERRETS SYNDROME. I cried until I remembered what he said yesterday. 

I would literally come back to life just to eat a triple chocolate triple layer cake. 

I drove past the minimart, turned the corner at the laundromat and crime couldn't be calculated. I broke the factory's glass display window and took off worth $200 chocolate cake. And as soon as I entered the house, I could hear him running down the stairs. )

Herb! You got my favorite! I'm literally soaking wet right now! 

I know. I know, Talal. 

(We ate merrily together)

He said, literally I'm so happy I could die right now. 

(I understood and said goodbye. He was taken by the coroner with chocolate still on his chin. I declined autopsy and told the funeral director) 

He literally wanted to be buried in the desert. 

And so is the story of our dear friend and why we are all out here today under the heat of this brutal sun.