"..."
"..."
"... You self-absorbed fucking pinprick..."

I stared in disbelief. He stared back. The scorn in his eyes was quite something, I'll give him that. Such a familiar expression, such a familiar face, and yet for the first time in my life, I thought it would really kill me this time. 

"...Well? Say something!"
"..."
"Don't give me that, you think the silent treatment works here? I'm you for fucks sake, I know what ur thinking. Piece of shit" 
"...What are you doing here?"
"Thats my line, Sherlock, the one I hurt the most in my life is myself? Fucking unbelievable."
"...what's that supposed to mean?"
"Oh fuck you, you know exactly what that means, you narcissistic little bastard."
"..."
"You couldn't think of anybody else you hurt more? Matt from 5th grade you kicked in the teeth cuz he wouldn't shut up about his trip to Disneyland? Sarah your crush you played with her feelings and embarrassed her in front of the whole class? How bout your fucking best friend, Alex? You left him in the dirt, didn't even call once after you skipped his party, the one he set up for you! You remember Sam? Of course you remember Sam, fuck. It was obvious she liked you and you used her. You played her like a fiddle and then threw her away as if she was your fucking toy! Then when you got dumped by your girlfriend, you tried to coy yourself right back into Sam's life! The fuck if she finally moved on and found someone who actually loves her, right?"
"...That's not what I-"
"Fuck you"
"..."
"Fuck you, fuck you, fuck. You."
"...So you here to list out my sins, is that what you're here for?" 
"You fucking asshole. You sick fuck. You feel so entitled that you think you deserve an apology? Fuck you and your face, get the fuck out. Why don't you go apologize to your mom for being fucking born?!"
"...Shut up"
"Hell, she deserves one! Who'd have known she'd give birth to such a piece of work?! She had enough problems in her life, don't you think? What kind of son doesn't even go to his grandma's funeral?"
"...I tried-"
"No you didn't. You fucking liar. You know what normal people do? They give a fuck. They see their mother who never even touched beer getting drunk in her own house and crying herself to sleep at 2 am and they give a fuck. They see their mom getting more and more emotionally fucked up and they give a fuck. That's what a normal son does."
"...I tried"
"They say a mother's love is unconditional. Thats real fucked up, I'd say. What'd she do wrong to get your sorry ass? She didn't deserve that. You don't deserve her."
"..."
"You tried jack shit. Look at what you've done. Look at where you are. You're worthless. What have you done with your fucking life? You know how much a semester at your uni costs? Course you fucking don't, you're not interested in money, how could I fucking forget. Thats a fucking IVY, you dipshit. Of course you don't understand that either, fucking moron. Top tier education in an age where everybody is busting ass just so they can afford an education, and you stayed in your room playing video games. All that money and time wasted. You wasted it all, you lazy fuck. No wonder Dad hates you. The fuck did you do with your life?" 
"..." 
"The fuck is with that face? The fuck are you look at? What the fuck is wrong with you, say something you mute piece of shit!"
"..."
"Can't even speak up for yourself? Can't even stand up for your own sorry ass! Get a spine! You think you're being a good guy just cuz you don't say anything? Think people really mean it when they say they think your a good kid cuz your so quiet?! You're just a fucking moron! Hell even kids know you're a fucking moron!" 
"FUCK YOU!!"
"...the fuck is wrong with you, are you crying? Are you fucking crying?! You think you're the fucking victim here? GROW UP! You're a fucking adult, fucking act like one for once in your lifetime! And you still can't even look at me in the eyes."
"...I hate you"
"Ooh, nice look you got there, real scary! What are you, a kid? Fucking prick, you think you did something right? What did you do that was so right? What justifies you even being here in front of me?!" 
"Like you did anything better! You're me! You're just the same as me, you fucker! You're just a prick, a moron, a fucking asshole!! What gives you the right to judge me?!"
"You got that right! I'm you! I know everything about you! That gives me EVERY right to judge you! Cuz I know just how fucking pathetic and useless you are! You think you deserve to pass through here?! I won't let you! You don't deserve the afterlife! I'm going to keep you here forever! This is probably the only good thing I'll ever do in my life, so I might as well do it right! I won't let you pass, you sorry excuse for a human being!" 
I lunged at his throat. I don't even know what was happening anymore, my eyes were blurry with tears, my heart pounding so fast I couldn't even hear my own screaming as I pushed him to the ground and choked his neck. My body was moving by itself and I couldn't control myself as I felt my nails dig deeper into his skin. Not that I would have stopped. I was glad actually. He finally shut his fucking mouth, that fucking self-centered voice no longer escaping the fuckers throat. The silence was calming actually, which is weird cuz usually people fight back when they're being choked to death. But I just laid there as blood started trickling from my neck. I was just so satisfied when I noticed the pathetic prick was crying. I closed my eyes so I wouldn't have to look at that pathetic face anymore and finally everything faded white. 
Thats when I woke up at about 3:45. I noticed I had tears on my face and thought to myself what a wimp. I've watched too much anime if this is the shit I'm starting to dream at night. I should probably also get something for my neck rash, I must've scratched it in my sleep enough to bleed. 