I blink.

What the fuck just happened?

One minute I'm laying in bed, catching up on some youtube videos - and suddenly I'm not anymore...  I'm on a couch?  It didn't feel like I moved, like anything happened at all, I just suddenly am here now.  Everything has a weird kind of feeling to it, it's hard to describe, almost like an aura you could almost see - it just feels off.  But, this looks like a normal enough living room.  The carpets are nice, this couch is comfortable...

There's a man sitting in that recliner over there, is he watching TV?

"Hello?"

He looks over my way slowly, his slender pale face looked quizzical at first, then his eyebrows raised. 

"Oh yeah, that was today - right..."

He let out an audible sigh and the television went dark in front of him.  I just realized, I'm still just in a pair of boxers... not even the kind with a button, stupid open flap ones.

He motions to the end of the couch I'm on as his chair turns toward me.

"You'll probably need to learn how to shoot that"

a gun that resembles a musket is seated next to me, it's got one of those cheap bows from walmart stuck to it - even has the price tag still on the base.  39 cents?  How long has that bow been sitting around for?

"Uhhh, can I ask why" I'm not so sure I want to know though.

"Well, one of the gods has decided he was done and just up and left.  Now we gotta have this big battle to see which mortal is suited to become the next god, yadda yadda"

"Wait, hold on... no really, yadda yadda?  I'm gonna fight against people and it's a 'yadda yadda?'

"Well, they don't call me the god of Laziness for nothing"

Oh lord, what have I gotten myself into?

"God of Laziness?"

"Present"

"... Okay, first question - why me?

"Oh, well a lot of the other gods spent time searching the earth for someone who was suited - someone who would rise to the occasion, painstakingly checking every single... Oh god that just sounded so BORING.  I picked you out of a hat."

"What?"

...WHAT!?!

"I'm kidding! Actually it's a bit much to describe, but I developed a way to speak to the earth itself and listen to what she has to say.  It's really handy for when you don't want to do anything but need to know about things on earth"

"... are you joking again, orrrr"

"Nope, took me 20 years to figure out a way, but it has saved me countless hours since"

...Isn't that kind of amazing in it's own way?  I guess that's why he's the GOD of laziness

He smiled a bit "She said you were the person I'd get along with best, which is great because the only guy I even liked up here just up and left his seat."

"Who was that anyway?"

"God of Sex, dude was a FREAK - but he just was too much to handle"

Wait, does that mean...

"So, I could be the next God of Sex?"

He laughed... a lot... and just when he was winding it down, he looked back up at me and he just started laughing even harder.

"So, what kind of god would I become?" I asked once he finally quieted down a bit.

"I actually don't know,"  He shrugged slightly "You just kind of know when it happens"

That... is not reassuring.

"My weapon is a gun, I assume the fights are to the death?"

"You assume correctly"

"And, can I assume that you all being gods will either protect us or resurrect anyone who dies?"

"You don't assume quite as correctly on that one"

Ah fuck...

"There is some worse news," he continued "I'm kind of bottom of the totem pole up here - so I can't really grant you any 'powers' like superhuman strength, or anything good really... I mean I kind of even had the weapon over there for you on 'auto pick' because I was choosing last and Artemis took for fucking EVER"

"Auto pick?"

"Yeah, I won't go into details, but basically I let the earth choose the weapon then used a 'stand in' to actually pick it.  I came back to watch some more anime"

... I'm gonna die... I'm gonna die fucking horribly, this is awesome.

"So, wait a minute - earth chose this for me?"  I looked at the gun, it really looks like a musket...

"She said something about some of the most lopsided wars in terms of casualties were fought when one side had this weapon"

"That sounds like some REALLY flimsy logic"

"Yeah, I probably should have been there.  Could have at least taken the gist of the advice and gotten you a more modern gun - but hey what can you do?  Half these dolts chose to have their 'champions' wield spears and shit, in this day and age.  My money is on the Goddess of self-importance, she got a trained hitman - and apparently chose an AR-15 as his weapon.  I mean, she may be in the same boat as me in terms of bestowing powers - but she really put some effort into this"

I really wish I was back home.

"Ah, but don't worry too much.  I have a plan, I mean I REALLY do want someone up here who gets me - and Earth said you were a cool dude so I put some effort into this"

"And that plan is?"

"...Wouldn't you rather get dressed first?"

---

After getting dressed and spending a little time in the 'killing fields' learning how to load and fire the musket, I came to the realization that this 'weapon' is definitely going to get me killed... He spent some time explaining the 'plan' - or half-explaining, difficult questions often answered with "Wing it!"... This only reassured me that I am totally screwed.

We went back to his house and I found myself in thought, sitting at a table, much too long of one - this thing must be 40 feet long... and this room - the dining room, why is this room so much more elegant than the rest of his house?

"I see you are admiring the tasteful decor, yeah I hate it."

"... Then why don't you change it?"

He just smiled and nodded as he reached for the hot pocket in front of him... I might not have even assumed whatever he was eating was a hot-pocket... but it's resting on the box, he's using the box as a plate...

"OH!" he exclaimed, with a mouth full of hotpocket "I almost forgot, the name is John"

"... I'm Mark - Mark Jacobs... I'm sure you knew that though... Do you gods have last names?"

"Nope, I'm just John.  Always has been that way"

"I'm not gonna question it, I'm sure you chose that name with great care"

"I uh, I don't even remember.  It's been so long.  At first they had me running this place, let me tell you that was a mess... I don't even want to get into it.  But a couple years back I turned that over to some new guy who seemed promising, he left sometime after that though and it's changed hands once or twice.  It's too bad, I really liked that guy, went by 'Zeus' I think..."

... I just heard something very troubling.

"You used to run... Heaven? ... what do you call this place?"

"Close enough, but like I said - I don't want to get into it."

"But c'mon, you used to RUN the place, you have to have some special powers or something right?  How did you go from-"

"I DON'T WANT TO TALK ABOUT IT!" his eyes took a serious look

Oops, hit a nerve... better back it off a bit

"Okay, I'm sorry John.  You're right, let's just focus on the task at hand"

I looked down at the gun I had now resting against my chair, and then forward to the hot pocket John had made for me, it was resting on a paper towel folded over a couple times - the grease soaking through the first layer entirely.  I didn't feel so good - eating was definitely out of the question

"So, it's a Battle Royale style fight?"

"Yeah, Artemis was so insistent on that - she apparently went and saw The Hunger Games in theaters - she's been obsessed since"

Of course.

"I play a bit of PUBG so the idea has grown on me"

And of course.

"I know we went over the plan before, like half-assedly glazed over it, but how long will I have to wait?  When does the fight begin?"

He slowly turned his head toward the clock on the wall.

"Well as for how long you have to wait, I packed some provisions in the bag - should make it pass in no time.  And for when the fight starts - we got 3 minutes yet"

"... I really hope that's another joke"

"Yeah, it was" he smiled "It's time now."

And again, I'm just here.  At least this time, I know where I am.  The trees, that river, I'm 350 out from my target area.  Time for a hike I guess.

I was going to have to make my way along this river, but I stopped to check the bag to see what 'provisions' John had packed for me

Backpack contents:  
Beef Jerky, one pack  
Water canteen, filled with mountain dew for some reason  
The 'secret weapon'...  
Tissues, one box  
Lotion, one bottle  
Porno Mags... like 20, seriously most of the weight of this damned bag was paper!  

I am not going to spend my time like that.  Besides, this area is actually tiny, I can't imagine that the wait will be that long.  I'd better get to the spot and get deployed.

---

(cont.)
