‘You aren’t seriously going to do it are you?’ Tiana looked at me from under raised eyebrows.

‘Yes I am and if you stop distracting me I’ll have it over and done with and not have to worry about it again.’

‘Worry about it? Aren’t you more worried about not having one?’

‘It’s only a matter of time before one of the thieves finds their way into our apartment. At least this way I can make sure I’m the one who gets the money.’

Tiana’s brown curls bounced as she shook her head. ‘A normal person would just keep it locked up tight, you know like I do?’

I sighed ‘I know, but it just seems like there is no real guarantee. Mr. Lee had his locked in his safe and they still got it.’ 

Filling my lungs with the damp air that coated the street I turned away from my friend. The rusted door loomed above me and echoed with my sharp knock. Silence. I glanced back at Tiana who shrugged.

My hand was midair when the door creaked open. ‘This isn’t the place for little girls, fuck off.’

Before the goon could close the door I stuck my foot against it and hissed ‘I’ve got a Key to sell you.’

The dark eyes behind the door narrowed for a moment. He shifted his gaze to Tiana ‘What about you?’

Tiana took a step back, holding her hands in front of her ‘Nope! I have nothing!’ 

‘Well then you can fuck off.’ 

Tiana hurried back down the alley tossing over her shoulder ‘I’ll wait for you out here.’

The door creaked open in front of me and I stepped into a dark room. A single bulb in the corner casted shadows on the crackled wall. 

I searched through my bag with damp palms and grabbed my Key. ‘I was told you would pay me $100k for it.’

The smell of rotten teeth filled my nose as the goon stepped closer. ‘Let me see it first and then we can keep talking.’

I brought my Key out into the dim light. The steel surface was smooth, not a single scratch. My number was etched on the side. 

843791-CA. 

I had memorized it by the time I was 8. 

The faint blue glow of the chip was all the goon needed to know that it was unused. And worth the 100k.

‘So. My money?’

The goon lurched forward, bending my fingers back until he could pry my Key away.

‘Fuck you, you fucking goon!’ I stepped towards him, frantically grabbing at my Key.

His hand connected with my face and I crumpled to the floor. ‘Stay right the fuck there little girl while I give this a good look over.’

Nursing my left cheek I glared at him while he turned my Key over, running his grubby fingers across its smooth surface.

He took something out of his pocket, scanned my Key with it and smiled. ‘It’s a good one.’

He glanced at me. ‘I could just kill you you know. Don’t need to use no Key to get away with it either.’

All the air left the room. What the fuck was I thinking? That I could handle this, selling my Key in the Market? 

The goon reached behind him, pulling something out of a box. 

I didn’t stay to find out what. 

Scrambling backwards I pulled at the door. Too late. His hand engulfed my shoulder.

‘Here’s your 100k you stupid cunt. Don’t fucking come back here. That advise is free of charge.’ He shoved a large bundle of cash in my hand, grinning at his joke.

I managed to pull the door open and let it slam behind me. Puddles splashed as I ran down the alley, forgetting the cash in my hand. 

The glow of the street lights at the end of the alley cleared away some of the panic. I shoved the cash into my bag, scanning the street for Tiana.

When I spotted her she was already running over to me.

‘That was quick.’

‘Didn’t fucking feel like it.’ I casted a glance behind me, pulling Tiana further down the street.

We walked in silence, Tiana catching the fear in my stride. It didn’t take long before we were climbing the narrow stairs to our apartment. Locking the door behind us I turned to her and pulled the bundle of bills out of my bag.

Tiana’s eyes widenend and she grabbed the money, spreading it out on the table. ‘This is more money then I ever thought I’d see in my life.’ She started sorting the bills, counting as she went.

‘If its all there it will have been worth it.’ I sunk down into an armchair, playing with a lose thread. 

‘I don’t know, you only get one. It’s the only thing that we all share in common. Us poor idiots and the rich assholes.’ Tiana didn’t look up, continuing to count.

‘I don’t know a single person who has used theirs. Just because you get a Key doesn’t mean you don’t still have to do the dirty work.’

‘Not if your rich.’

‘Yeah well we aren’t. We are more likely to have it get stolen and sold on the market or we die with it and it gets sold on the market.’

Tiana pushed away from the table. ‘$90000’ 

‘Fucking lying goon.’

‘It’s still 90k more then you had yesterday.’

My lips slowly spread into a smile. ‘90k more of a future then I had yesterday.’

——————————————

4 Years Later

Climbing the narrow stairs my mind raced. It had been so long since I’d last seen Tiana. So much had changed. For me at least. Looking around me I had to face that little had changed for her.

I knocked on the door, wondering what it must be like to still call this place home. She always acted like things were ok with her. Every call I made while in College had been meet with a light smile. But I knew her life wasn’t easy. It had been my life only four years ago.

Shaking the thoughts out of my head I knocked again. Maybe she was asleep, my flight had gotten in early. Tiara could sleep through anything. 

I looked around the hallway. There was a new hole in one of the walls and the carpet was even more worn. I bent down and lifted the loose tile in front of Tiana’s door.

Sure enough there was the key, it did really seem like nothing had changed. My friends from College would never understand how someone could live like this. As if there was a choice.

I had never told any of them about my past. After the first few awkward silences they had stopped asking. I was looking forward to catching up with Tiana. She was the only person who knew.

College kids didn’t talk about their Keys, it was considered trashy. Lucky for me.

They did like to talk about the Market though. My campus had been the stage for the largest student rally yet. My friends had all clamoured together, venting about the injustice. The rich had more then their share. 

What else is new? Obviously no one really paid attention in history, that’s just how shit goes.

Besides I couldn’t say anything. The only reason I could afford to be there was because some rich asshole was willing to pay so much for one.

I turned the lock and called out ‘Tiana bitch it’s time to wake up!’

I dumped the key on the counter and lightly swung the door closed behind me. Maybe once I was working full time I could help Tiana fix up the place a bit. She probably wouldn’t go for it but maybe I could work on convincing her.

The place was in worse shape then before. And the smell was overwhelming. 

It was the smell that set me off. Nothing else smells like death. And your brain never forgets it.

I froze. ‘Tiana?!’ The stench filled my nose with each heavy breath. I forced myself to step into the next room.

She was there on the floor. Except she wasn’t there, she had been gone for some time.

I dropped down beside her, chocking back sobs. There wasn’t a mark in her, she almost looked like she was sleeping.

Except for the faint blue glow just under the skin on her neck. 

Someone had used their Key on her. 

Her death would never be reported.

Her murderer would never be tried. 

Her body would be disposed of, like garbage.

Who had Tiana pissed off so much that they would use their Key on her? She had never been the type to get into trouble, of any kind.

I brushed back her hair. She was so cold.

Just underneath her skin I could make out the number on the Key.

843791-CA