The seven princes wore the royal colours of each of their houses. Green was Mīen, Red being Svīx, and Blue being Cōrx. These houses represented who supported who. The leader of Mīen was Nyx, Reds commander was Krī, a peace-driven woman of Druid origin. Keep an eye on her, for she has had an encounter with evil before. Then there’s the Leader of Cōrx, Mæ. As Mæ walked up to the priest he let out a breath of cold air, filled with Qi(Chi). The Spiritual Energy flew out in a vortex of colours, seeming as if a rainbow of divine light surrounded his entire being. A small, almost completely unnoticeable smirk had since grown on his face. “Mæ Sorrïn, do you accept your title as the Prince? If you do... then we must figure out your divine sponsor.” A loud cheer erupted from the crowd as his small smirk grew into a practiced and well fit smile. He may have only whispered two words, but they were loud and clear throughout the church. “I do.”

The Priest of the church, Kinkrīl, had smiled. He touched Mæ’s forehead with a finger radiating a dazzling gold. The moment the first fiber of his being had touched Mæ however, the worst happened. He divine light of bright gold had changed into a seeming black hole of Qi. The Priests Dantian, or his energy core, had emptied. The black light had grown and a portal of pure black had been presented in front of him, while everything else had grown silent, and still in the background. Here, directly in front of the first prince, was Death itself. Unable to think, blinded by the pure stench and overall appearance of death, he jumble signed his name on the Godly Contract, an unbreakable parchment that forever bonded them until they die. Slowly the background I froze and Death had disappeared. The priest still dead, seemingly unnoticed during the four minutes he had spent looking into the face of death. The other two factions, Svīx and Mīen has all drawn their swords. They had a golden crest, with the gemstone of their month. Six, non-contracted human Royals against the bearer of death, untrained and raw in power, who would prevail?

The woman, Krī, had used her Druid training and took advantage, swinging wild and enormous, thick vines at Mæ. Not noticing, he stood there like a doll with its strings cut. The vines hit him with an audible noise, but stopped dead on their track, turning grey and lifeless. They fell to the ground, seemingly killed by only coming in physical contact with Deaths Sponsor. “You traitor! You killed the divine priest! Give yourself up to the royal factions this instant! We will not hesitate to kill!” A prince named Jī had said, Mæ had never met him before, thusly deeming him a background character. Mæ concentrated, raising his hand straight out with his palm facing the other princes. A ghostly voice whispering in the back of his head, forcing him, controlling him to do their bidding. To kill. A black orb that began distorting the air around it, taking a massive influx of Qi with it. The orb flew, cutting through the air with its bullet like appearance. A loud whistling could be heard across the church before a loud explosion had occurred. The War of the Bloody Prince, as it was later called, began then.


Sorry, I’m not very good at spacing! This is just an idea I had while reading OPs writing prompt!

Edit: word fix, additional text