I had to fight myself to not open it. You could hear her body slam against the door repeatedly. She cried out "Daddy, please! Please let me in!" Her voice was tempting. I heard my little girl in it, but i knew it wasn't her. 

I had hoped it would never take Livy. She was all the family i had after her mother. Her mother was one of the first. It was horrible. I had rushed home from work after i had heard about the epidemic. I burst through the door and heard her call out my name in pained screams. I found her in our bedroom. She was just screaming at me. " It hurts, please, it hurts so much!" She called out. Her eyes were glazed over and her stature was slumped. She shuffled over towards me with tears streaming down her face. It wasn't until she got close that i saw the saliva falling out from her mouth. I knew then what had happened. I had to run out of the room. I slammed the door behind me. That part was easy. 

After i barricaded the door i ran to my television. The emergency broadcast was on every station. It stated to stay indoors, lock your doors, and to not open the door for anyone, regardless of how frantic they seemed. The infected's only drive was to eat, they would stop at nothing to feast.  They felt pain for every second they weren't consuming. The only food source to quell their pain was human flesh. The illness drained you of everything but a primal desire foor food and relief. 

I was lucky then. Livy wasn't even one yet. She didn't understand what was happening and for the start of it even she was asleep in her crib. Diane cried in our bedroom for three days. She would scream constantly until her voice gave out. Then you could only hear faint croaks coming from beyond the door. I couldnt give up hope. I had to wait. I had to see if there would be a cure, but it never came. After the third day she went completely silent. I couldn't bring myself to open the door on that day. I didnt think i could stand seeing her dead. But on the fifth day i knew i had to get her out of the building. I just couldnt stand knowing she was in there. 

I went to unbarricade the door, but as i did she spoke again. This time she spoke very calmly"Evan. Please let me out. I'm so hungry." I couldnt just leave her in there. I moved my bookshelf out from the front of the door and slowly opened the door. I saw her lying on the floor emaciated. She had chewed various bits from her arm and her leg had been gnawed straight to the bone. She weakly crawles towards me as i opened the door.  "Honey, please come here, it hurts" she said with no emotion in her voice. I had known that there was no hope for a few day but i refused to acknowledge it. I knew now that she was gone. This was mostly just someone else using her voice. 

She was in pain and i had to stop it. I walked around her as she crept towards me. I made it to my closet as she was on the other side of my room. At the bottom of my closet was my .22.  I reached down and loaded it. She crept steadily towards me. I raised it and pointed it towards her. There was no fear in her eyes. Just determination. "Diane, please just tell me you're still in there. I don't want to do this" i sobbed. 
"I'm here, i just need food, I'm so hungry." 

I pulled the trigger. It was the hardest thing I've ever had to do. 

I thought i'd taught Livy well enough. How to stay safe. She's 12 now and we had never had a close call. We had travelled two state lines and been fine. But now here we are.

"Please!" she screams. " It hurts so much!" I don't think i could live with out her and honestly i don't think im going to. I'm glad i still have my .22.