It tasted disgustingly sweet, like a rotting, overripe apple dripping with liqueur and doused in too much sugar \- this lie of hers made me heave for breath, choking on what saliva didn't trickle down my chin the moment her foul words reached my ears and etched the most repulsive of flavors I have ever known into my tongue. 

But I did not ask what had she meant \- though her statement made my stomach churn with uneasiness and unsettling amount of certainty that I had the tiniest amount of inkling as to the reason why she considered those words untrue. I left the doubts where I found them, pooling in my stomach and chilling my insides like liquid ice, opting to instead simply lean inro her warm, inviting embrace and try to forget suddenly uncomfortable vulnerability I was too aware of. 

Without my conscious thought my gaze fell onto a half\-sheathed sword propped against one of the walls, my brain already calculating how long would it take to push her off me and lunge for the weapon, and before I knew it my muscles were quivering with nervous anticipation, readying for a fight that would not come. 

In that moment the absolute trust I had in her trembled, miniscule pieces of broken belief embedding into bonds I shared with the rest of our little team and damaging what they could reach, because if she, the one I had absolute faith in deceived me, couldn't it be the same for other, less dear for me beings? 

She sensed the shift of my mood, the suddenly focused awareness with which I surveyed our surroundings, but she interpreted it wrongly, *"Shh, there's nothing to hunt anymore."* she pressed her forehead into my collar bone, tracing the scar trailing down my neck in a calming motion. 

The problem was, it made me even more wary for her fingernails were hovering right over my skin, and it would be too easy for her to deal a killing blow that I would be completely helpless against. 

*"Thank you for reassuring me."* My smile felt forced, twisted in away that would not go unnoticed by someone as perceptive as my dear Ellystia, but I did not care as much as I'd have liked to \- it was too much to ask of me with thousands of thoughts running through my head. 

I left her there, escaping from suddenly suffocatingly small room that felt too much like a cage and into the the chilly air of early morning \- it was another interesting trait of mine, the fondness of cold, almost freezing temperatures others of my race regarded as loathsome.

*Of my race?* A humorless chuckle left my lips, ringing through empty clearing before the inn with strange finality I didn't acknowledge at the time. The thing was \- what she considered a lie wasn't necessarily the truth, it was a lie because she believed it to be, not because it was the ultimate, untouchable fact of the universe, but it cleared up too many things to be anything but. 

The ease with which she accepted all of my amusing and sometimes slightly disturbing quirks being one of the examples.

I settled myself on the grass making sure my silhouette was hidden from the inn by a bush and dug into the pouch attached to my belt, searching for a snack I hoped I still had. If I remembered correctly there should be at least one\- 

With a triumphant grin I pulled my hand out of the bag, the sight of a glistening jewel cheering me up immediately \- it was with a satisfying crunch that I bit into the precious stone, mouthwatering taste leavening me sighing in content after finishing. 

Maybe, just *maybe* I already knew what she confirmed with this seemingly innocent reassurance of hers, who normal ate currency after all? 

I laid down, settling comfortably against the bark of a giant, humming with life tree that left my head buzzing pleasantly and decided I was surprisingly accepting of the fact I spend ten years of my life killing my theoretical brethren. 

An Aes Sidhe, huh? 