"Today started just like any other day. I woke up, got myself ready for the day, and then went and ate some breakfast in the cafeteria." I said to Carol.

"Okay, so then what happened?" Carol replied.

She seems more cold today than usual. Less cheery maybe but who knows I could be reading into too much.

"Well after breakfast I took my morning walk through the park and you know how I am. I was looking around for any change to add to the collection and I found a particularly  shiny penny. So, I bent over to pick it up and read the date, but it said 2044 on it..." I can feel my chest get tight as I utter out the last few syllables. 

"Well that is quite strange Theodore. Was there anything else strange about the penny?"

"Well... I noticed that my face is on it. I...I..."

"What is it Theodore? You can talk to me, you know I am here to talk through anything with you."

"Well Carol. I had a flashback or a vision when I saw it. I saw myself in a suit and holding that penny in a box while shaking a man's hand for pictures. I don't know what it means, but it felt so real... like I was actually there."

"Do you have the penny now Theodore?"

I reach into my change pocket and sift through my handful of pennies, nickels, and dimes. It's not here. Where did it go?! I came straight to my session with Carol after my walk.

"I... I... don't know where it is... I had it on my walk over here." I stuttered to Carol in shame.

"Well Theodore. I don't want to upset you but do you think that maybe you just imagined that penny? Your condition is starting to develop more rapidly now and hallucinations are often one of the first late stage signs."

"It felt so real Carol. I could feel the fake copper between my fingers... the indention of my face in the coin."

I feel my chest tighten even more and my vision starts to fade to a different image. I can see a band above my eyes. I can hear the distant hum of machines, and what is this cold metal I am laying on. My vision swirls back to the room with Carol, and I feel sweat covering me. 

"We are loosing him. MAYDAY MAYDAY he is starting to breakthrough!!" Carol shouted into her lapel.

The security guard comes crashing through the door with a nurse following him. He starts to push me down in my chair. 

"What are you doing John?!" I scream as I try to struggle out of his grip. The nurse sticks my thigh and I fade away to darkness.

Oh God it's so bright in here. It feels like I have a hangover... Wait where am I? This looks like the room from before. I look over to my side. There are a ton of tubes sticking out of me whats going on?! Did I have a panic attack? \*CRASH\* the door busts open. Three people in masks walk in. 

"It's gonna be okay Theo we've got you now." The largest of the said through a skull masks.

"Who are you people? Where is Carol? Where are we?" I stammer out in fear. 

"Theo now is not the time for questions you just gotta trust us so we can get you out of here safely." The smallest of the group said in a kind voice. 

They cut the band from around my eyes and remove the enclosure around me. The larger two flip me onto a stretcher and drape a sheet over my body.

"Play dead until we are out of here if you want to live." 

A few minutes pass by and then the sheet is removed. I'm in the back of a van.

"Where the hell are we going? What is going on Goddammit?!!"

"Shh Theo, we are here to help but we aren't out of the woods yet. This place is about to go on full lock-down so we have to hurry." 

I can feel the van speeding up beneath me. \*WOOWOOWOO\* A siren blares in the background

"This is not a drill. Repeat this is not a drill. Code Orange. I repeat code orange. Everyone report to your designated check-in terminal." The man says hurriedly over the loud speakers.

I can hear the van struggling to get to speed. \*CRASH\* The van crashes into something metal. Im hurled into the wall as we turn sharply at a corner.

"Okay so are we alright now, can you tell me why I am in the back of a getaway van???"

The two sitting in the back with me remove their masks. One is a slender woman probably 5'4 or less, brunette, doe eyes. The other is a rather nerdy looking guy, short black hair, a little on the heavier side, average height. 

"Well Theo, we came to save you. What all do you remember?" The woman said with a smile and a pat on the shoulder.

"I remember being at my care facility for the past couple of years. I remember working through my problems with Carol, and I remember all of my walks in the park and time spent with the other patients. I remember my life from before I got sick. God I miss those days with my family."

"Oh Theo, this may come as shock to you but none of that is real. Carol, the walks in the park, the fellow patients, your family from before, your sickness... It's all fiction. You have been in a simulation for the past three years."  She said looking disheartened

"I... I.. What?" 

"You were the President Theo, but the Ishkas took you, put a clone in your place, and put you in a simulation."

My vision flashes back to me standing at the Lincoln memorial.  I can feel my chest starting to get tight again. My vision is swirling around the room. 

"Oh no, Kyle, we have got to remove these memory blockers now or he might get hurt."

Everything goes black. I fade away to darkness...

\~FIN\~

I would be willing to do a part 2 if anyone likes this I just don't want to make it too long.