My eyes blink open in the dead of night. With a groan and a creak under me from the bed springs I raise up and rub my eyes, trying to figure out what woke me up. There wasn't any noise, and there wasn't any night, just inky darkness to the side of my bed. But the air felt... Tense, and eerie. And then suddenly, there was a nose. Faint clicking and tapping. Finally my gaze turns the front of the bed, and I see him.

The master of souls. The Grim Reaper. I can feel the air halting in my lungs, and the stillness and my chest... My time. My eyes wander around his form. He was nothing like I would have expected. He looked, almost human. But he was pale, and thin with sunken bags and creases on his face. His scythe was made of human bone, with spinal cords for it's hilt, and a skull at the top, and the cold looking, metal protruding from it's gaped mouth. At least the black cloak and hood was accurate.

I can't find the words to say, my mind racing and boggling at the thoughts of what will happen to my family, my friends, my pets, my work. But the reaper had no time to spare me. He reached out and the neck of PJ's. And then in an instant we were else where. I was left laying on the ground at the feat of the lord of death.

Seconds later I start to gasp and cough, convulsing around for a scant few seconds as I can feel my heart pump vigorously and my lungs scream for precious air once more. And finally I find something to say.

"What the hell is going on?!" I scream, looking up the sunken face of death. His face turns inward as he sucks on his lips and... He actually looks thoughtful, like he was pondering an answer to give me. It gave me hope while I looked around us both.

It was a barren landscape lacking any colour of life. The grass stood and swayed like real lush, green grass, but every blade was brown and yellow. The trees were the same, with black trunks and brown leaves rustling and the foggy winds rolled through them.

"I am your Reaper," finally started, the grim reaper above him, "Ive taken you here, to Necropolis. Now, rise to your feet. We need to reach the cities of souls before the Unsorted come."

As he explains and answers one thing, a million more questions pop into mind. MY reaper? There was more than one? And... Cities of souls? What does that mean? What happened to heaven and hell? And, what were these Unsorted? Before I could utter a single syllable, the Reaper turned and started to walk. No time for questions than. I quickly scramble forward onto my feet, and given chase to keep up after.