Am I really going to have the courage to do it this time?

I have walked this same path for years. Ever since she died.  Always thinking about the same thing. Never able to go through with it. Would someone even care? Would anyone try to stop me?

Of course someone would try. I mean it's a bridge, a busy pathway connecting two sides of the same city. If anything they'd stop me so they don't feel traumatized later. People are so selfish.

But something feels different today. Why are all these people speeding up in their fancy new cars, and why is everyone in such a hurry all of a sudden?

Wait is that a girl on the fence? 

"Hey!" I call out to her.

She just sits there and ignores me. I have a nice view at her back. Kind of hard to explain, but there's something in how her red hair waves in the wind, somewhat enchanting like a campfire. Just keeps your eyes pinned to it. And her figure, lean and straight, her breaths barely noticeable. How can she be so calm? If she plans to jump she must have gazed into the abyss and has no way out. 

"I said hey!", I've gotten dangerously close to her, what if she gets startled and falls. 

I guess not, she still ignores me. Or does she. Holy, she turned around. I am at a loss of words. She is so young and so beautiful. Oval face, with big brown eyes, the gaze the pierces through me like hot cocoa through lungs on a snowy winter night. But those eyes are cold.

"Come sit next to me."

Wow, she talked to me. Brittle voice, at the verge of breaking. 

Should I? I mean I came here for the same reason. Wait, that's exactly why I should. I know how she feels. I may be the only one able to help her.

I sat right next to her, trying to feel comfortable on the cold steel.

"Why are you doing this?" I asked. I really want to know, it wasn't something I came up with trying to stall. She was so outstanding I couldn't wrap my mind around her intention. 

"Because I cannot help someone" she told me.

"But surely there is a way, like jumping off of here would just make that person feel worse!" I am getting excited. What kind of a stupid reason was this.

"Actually it's my fault in the first place that he feels bad," she gazed into the distance. Sun was about to set behind a hill far in front of us.

"Then apologize!" I almost yelled. What is she thinking. Ending her life over such meaningless thing.

"I can't."

Now I am starting to get annoyed. But what am I supposed to do. That's right maybe if I share my story with her she'll change her mind.

"You know, I came here today, and day before, and a day before that and... heh you get the point. Anyway I came here to do the same!" I started off my story. Trying to joke in this situation. What am I thinking?

"5 years ago I lost my fiance in a car accident. I never recovered from it. I love her even in her death. I cannot look at another woman." I gotta keep this going. She seems interested, tho that silly smile on her face is bothering me for some reason. This is a sad story. Why is she happy? Eh, whatever I got her attention.

"We were childhood friends, highschool couple and got married during college. But now I can't even remember her face. It's as if not only she was torn away from me, but all of the memories of her as well. I can only remember her brown eyes. Much like yours, they were captivating, and heh, god forbid I did something stupid she'd turn them into deadly weapons that made me apologize before even understanding what I did wrong. She was one of a kind!"

She was still just looking at me, with her lips curved elegantly into a faint smirk. 

"Hey!"

Finally she speaks.

"Ye?"

"Can you take my hand?" 

Wow, I did not see this coming. I haven't touched a woman for so long. Hell I haven't touched another human being in ages.

"Sure!"

Her hand is soft, kinda comforting. Feels familiar.

"I am sorry"

"Helen?"

Thumping sound echoed and lingered for few seconds as people gathered. A broken man, laying on the ground beneath, peacefully, as if he was sleeping. Right next to the river. His fist clenched, holding something that he never wants to let go of.