The clock ticks. My colleague scratches the bridge of his nose with his thumb. The elderly gentleman taking minutes wheezes through phlegm in his throat with each breath.

These are the only sounds in an otherwise silent room. The client is lounging in his seat with knees spread wide, hands clasped over his gut, and a sly smile plastered on his face, as though he hadn't just dropped a bomb the size of the titanic on our legal team.

Jacks is the first to break. He tosses his pen on the hard oak table and rubs his eyes with both hands, sighing. "What the hell are we supposed to do with this?"

I haven't broken my stare with the client. I will never be the first to concede. He wants to barge in here like this is Mission Impossible and waste our time? 

"How, exactly, do you plan to accomplish this?" I ask.

"I got my ways, Princess." He runs his tongue over slightly discolored teeth.

A slow smile crawls onto my face. Behind him, dozens of flat grey roofs dot the skyline, wispy clouds wandering over head. Lawyers in this city measured their might much like every down and out man in history looked to the size of his dick for security. Only in this case, it was true. I took the office on the top floor because I take what I want. And I take what I want because I'm the best this city has to offer.

"This is a joke." Jacks closes his portfolio pad with a slap of leather against leather. "Who let this guy in here?" He twists to glare at the interns standing flat against the wall at the far side of the room, as if they might be able to camouflage themselves against the eggshell white background. 

"I can promise you one thing." The client rests his meaty hands on the table. "This ain't no joke." 

"If it isn't a joke, then you're a fucking terrorist." Jacks' voice is a low growl.

The client beats his fist against the table, rattling our tall glasses of water. "Ted Cruz will be president. And we will eliminate term limits so he can spend the rest of his life getting this damn nation back on track."

I raised my hand to silence Jacks before he can unleash on the Client. His face has reddened like a ripe tomato. He snaps his mouth closed, but fire brims in his eyes. 

Flipping through my notes, I glance up at the client over my glasses and back to my brief. "'I've never worked with a more miserable son of a bitch.' John Boehner, Former House Speaker. Direct quote."

"He's mistaken."

I raise a brow. "Mistaken?"

The client's lips tighten into a line. "Yes. Mistaken. He doesn't understand our Teddy."

"You are aware that Senator Cruz lost to Donald Trump. Our team questions his ability to beat anybody." I shake my head and scan through more documents. "According to our research, he's made an estimated number of 3,216 babies cry. And that's without taking into account his career as the Zodiak Killer."

"They said you were the best." His voice quivers as his demeanor softens. "Please, can you help me?"

"I'm a lawyer, not a miracle worker. I'll save the judge some trouble." Taking my leather briefcase in hand, I rise to my feet. "You're absolutely, no doubt about it, going straight to Hell if you stay this course. Proceed with caution."