The news came in and...I didn't want to accept it. I sat in my truck, overlooking the valley. I didn't know where I was going. Taking the back roads and paths the truck can handle. Overcoming the urge to just slam on the gas until I lose control but even then. My rational brain would tell, explains to my heart, who is in pain. What stupidity and down right selfishness that would do to everyone in my family. So instead I pulled over without knowing where I stopped and I couldn't help but feel relaxed now.

The day was bright, sunny with clouds over head for the afternoon. It was breathtaking to see. I couldn't help but smile and finally every came out. My sobs surge, wreck and tore from my throat, my eyes stings with tears, and I couldn't stop whining like a child who lost their favorite toy or refused to do anything.

I smacked my fist against the wheel, the ceiling and the side door. My mind was racing, and screaming. Fighting to stop the tears from falling and to think while the other half wanted blood. Blood of the stupid fucking drunk bitch who killed my friend. It's like Jesus Christ want me to calm down and forgive while Cersei Lannister calls for blood and revenges. And bloody-hell I wanted to do both but also choice to do neither.

After thrashing and screaming in the truck. I exhaust myself, both mentally and physically. My hands hurt, my eyes burn and my throat feel like strep. My sinus was clog from cheek to forehead. Almost bring on a headache.

Leaning back far into the driver seat, I turn my head to look over in the passenger seat. I sat there picturing Thomas sitting there. Him looking at me, eyes filled with guilt, annoyance and a bit of sadness.

"Can you see what I done to myself? I'm overreacting, and throwing a tantrum like ill-misbehave child." I say, weakly. A joke that made me laugh but him frowning more. His lips move, but I can't hear anything. I can't imagine the words he might say or do. We weren't the talking emotional type. We would laugh, have fun, go into deep thought conversation about anything. We would listen to each other stories when we have a bad day. Hugging each other because the other needed it. It was physical need of connection we had for each other. There was nothing sexual or romantic. It wasn't like that between us.

Even when I did developed a bit of a crush. I always saw him as a friend. Nothing more. He also already had a girlfriend. And I made sure that were was nothing between me and Thomas. But her friends did try to start drama. Rumors of how I might steal Thomas from her. The guy had his eye only for her. And I respected that. I won't have his heart, and he won't have mine. That isn't something I can give easily, not like him. 

"I prayed to God for you not to give up...I even prayed to the Creator and bought a whole carton of cigarettes, smudge with sage just so you can live. I didn't want to lose you." My voice was cracking again. I stop to calm myself, my breath still shaky but continue, "When we first met, I didn't think you would acknowledge me but then you spoke to me. You didn't outcast me like everyone else, but you also didn't choose to stick beside only me. You wanted everyone to be equals. I both respected and loved you for that. Now you're gone."

"But, hey...at least we found each other again. After so many years of being apart, only remembering each other through memories. We meet against only for you to disappear."

I stop and turn away. With enough energy, I exit the truck to breath in the fresh valley air. The tears were dry and finally...

"Even if you're gone. At least, we had fun right." I smile know and finally accepting he's gone.

"Do you wish to have more fun?"

"HOLY SHIT!" I shout, jumping forward to twirl back in a defense. But instead of standing to defend myself I end up screaming my heart out. Behind me, stood a creature beyond my imagination, too freaky to even process if its real. I shuffle further back to get away from whatever whoever stand before me. But I didn't get far when behind me, I stumble into someone. I jump forward again looking over my shoulder, I let out another scream. A fucking beast or...demon stood there.

Now I understand why my sisters freak out over seeing the paranormal.

"We need you to come with us." It voiced from what ever mouthpiece it spoke from.

"Oh, hell no. Back the fuck up!" I shout, finally finding my authority in this messed up of a situation.

"I'm afraid '*No'* isn't an option, dear."

Before I could react, or do anything. The world fell from my eyes. It felt like those times where I stretch too much while standing and my eye rolls to the back of my head and I lose foot and nearly fall over. Except, this time I am falling.

Falling into darkness. A darkness that will never end.

"Good Afternoon."

Opening my eyes, I jump again at another grotesque sight. I was no longer standing. No longer outside over looking the valley. In fact, I was in a room, elegant with two being before me. A handsome man with blonde curls, and blue piercing eyes, small horns on the hairline of his forehead. He was hunched over, elbows on the table. Frankly he look frustrated.

Be.side him, was literally a human skeleton but for some reason it had this ethereal glow and transparent look to it. Strangely, it too was handsome in a sense of Gothic beauty...what the fu-

"Miss Anna Barbara Signook, I have called you here today for as of right now. You were selected out of one of 8.989.708.690...8.989.708.691 souls on earth to attend this special event."

I didn't say anything...This was too um what's the word...surreal?

"Now this event will take place in a few moments and I want to brief you on the consequence of failure to participate or refusal of cooperation."

"What's going on?" I say. My voice shaky as my lips and tongue instantly went dry. My palms sweaty and clammy. I felt every nerve tingle with anxiety.

"Anna."

If this what those anime characters feel like, then I swear to God. Bubble the camera lens and zoom in on my face. My body when rigged and yet kept still. My eyes wide, shaky breath escape me. Slowly looking to the left of me. White noise fill my ear. Like a flash grenade went off, stunning me from all outside distraction.

Sitting next to me. Dress the same as I imagine, looks the same as i envision sitting in my truck after my outburst. Thomas turn to look at me. Eyes filled with guilt, annoyance and a bit of sadness.

"*Sorry...*" It wasn't the man across from me who spoke, but I couldn't look away from Thomas to see who it was, "Y*our friend choose a two-verse-two game*."