A change of scenery was what she needed. She had been working for about twelve hours a day, or more, if the current project has an early deadline. Today marks the end of the latest project, and she plans to skip the celebratory dinner and head home to plan her vacation. A friend suggested a nice beach on the outskirts of Lecithin, which was about 20 miles away, so she needed to pack some clothes and snacks for the long drive.

As she opened the door to her apartment, a cute little puppy was waiting for her. It bounced happily around her legs as she entered the room. She didn’t even have time to slide the door close in shock. She stood there looking around an unfamiliar house, memorizing all the details that she could, until everything went perfectly back to normal. There was no dog. The walls were back to light turquoise, and all was in place.

*That’s strange*, she thought.

The Peek was supposed to happen only once a month. Everyone gets an opportunity to see from their soulmate’s eyes for 60 seconds each month until they meet for the first time. Just last week, she was working late at the office and she was about to get a glass of water when suddenly a woman in a green apron handed her a scalpel. She was in an operating room and she was terrified that the 60 seconds she’d been given is a matter of life and death for the patient.

She knew little about her soulmate. She knew he was a surgeon at a hospital in the West, who loves to eat tacos and spend his time reading books, but that’s all she knew. She didn’t know what he looked like, there were no mirrors nearby when the Peek is happening. All she saw in her entire life were the familiar long white hall of the hospital, the green suits the nurses and patients were wearing, or a page of a book. She was lucky she had never seen the insides of a man.

The dog was new. The house was new. Everything she saw today at the Peek was totally unfamiliar. And this has been the second time this month. *What does that mean?*

She was thinking about it a lot even as she drove away to Lecithin. It was getting late but she’s not sleepy at all. She was daydreaming.

*I’d be lying if I said I’m not hoping that it all meant I’m seeing him soon.*

*Is he handsome? The nurses always acted pretty around him, always fluttering their fake eyelashes or biting their lips.*

*His house had a lot of books. At least we have something we could talk about when we meet.*

*Maybe he’s rich. A surgeon makes a lot of…*

She was suddenly in pain and she can’t see anything. At first she thought, *another Peek?* *Is he alright?* But 60 seconds have passed and she can feel every broken bone in her body.

A police car.

An ambulance.

The familiar long white hall of the hospital.

The nurse in green.

The fake eyelashes.

*Is this a Peek?*

*Is this real?*

She is in a stretcher. Nurses were moving her to the operating room. Everything went black again.

When she opened her eyes, she saw.

The man in white.

His green mask.

His eyeglasses.

It was him.