After months of feeling dead, dying, I finally feel alive! It can't last, of course. I will die. We all do; myself perhaps sooner than you. Or maybe not? Life is so fleeting, so tenuous. If you truly understood how thin the barrier is between 'am' and 'am not' maybe instead of reading this, you'd be somewhere else doing something risky and life-affirming... I know if I could, I would be.

Even confined to this bed, I still have some freedom. I cannot walk un-aided, but can sit and stand and address the human basics on my own. I am not so far gone as some. Which is good, very good, else I would already be gone, assigned deliberately to the 'am not' column, by her.

Her: an Angel of Mercy? Perhaps. Angelic, certainly, with her strawberry blonde curls and lilting, soothing, warm voice. Soft hands, soft words, a ready smile as an ever-present comfort in these, my dying times.

Her: an Angel of Death? Most definitely. Angelic, holding the keys to life and death for those in her ward, where cancer twists pliant humanity into vessels for agony, ache, angst - pain. So much pain! Which with her own gentle, even loving, care she transforms irrevocably into peaceful repose.

Sometimes I wonder if I should tell her I know. Let her in on "our little secret". Alternately I consider warning the others - "She's coming. You'll be hers soon. Be ready..." I say nothing, though.

It's not like I'm any different than the rest. Suffering is my lot, pain and my Angel my only companions. I should just accept her 'gift' and slip away, free from my travail at last. 

But not yet. Not while the game is still fun, still exhilarating!

The game always starts the same way: "How are you feeling, honey?", she asks, concern and warm empathy radiating from her lovely face. Evening twilight from the hospice window lights her curls, a halo of soft radiance framing her lovely features.

"It hurts, a lot", I admit. "Same as yesterday, same as tomorrow, I expect..." I watch her eyes as they ever-so-slightly narrow. In concern, or pity, one would assume, but I know better: she is assessing, wondering.

"I can give you the usual for the pain, but not much more than that", she says, her next lines in our little play.

I say mine in return: "That's ok. Thank you. That'd be nice." I must seem agreeable, or she'll begin to suspect...

[To be continued...]