

“1,450,294?! That can’t be right?!”


“Sir, I understand your confusion, but I can assure you that our proprietary DeathCounter9000 (patent pending) employs the most advanced potential death predictive algorithms available. It provides us with unmatched accuracy and extremely narrow confidence intervals.”, said the saint Peter with a clear hint of contempt in his voice. He looked more like a public worker on Friday afternoon than a deity and his annoyance with my bullshit was almost tangible.


“But… I mean …. That’s just not possible! I am a boring person, you know? I am an accountant. All my shirts are of the same color. I’ve always hated risks and tried avoiding them wherever I could. I was even insured against my own insurance company failure just to be sure. Twice.”


“As I said sir, I am afraid that the DeathCounter9000 is not to blame. Our machine learning software was developed by Google itself and provides perfect predictions for all possible scenarios.”


“But… How? How would I die?”


Saint Peter let out an audible snort, his annoyance level decreasing even further to previously unexplored levels.


“Well, we might as well go ahead and see, shall we? Just a sec… Ok, here it is. According to our PDP algorithm, there were 2 453 accounts of situations in which death was extremely likely to be caused by accident. These include mostly skydiving, wild river kayaking, bungee jumping, deep sea diving, motorcycle riding and one chess game.”


“Excuse me, did you just say chess?!”


“Yes, apparently you’ve played once with Brandon Barnson, the well-known serial killer when you were both 13. Should you have won, Brandon would smash your head with a chair in his rage. Fortunately for you, you have always sucked at chess.”


It was obvious that the last sentence was especially amusing for my companion.


“Alright, alright. Well yeah, good for me, I guess. But still, all of this barely accounts for ... ”, my accountant brain did a short calculation , “… less than 0.2% of all my potentially deadly situations. And to be fair, I did all of these with my wife who has always been an adrenaline junkie. If it weren’t for her, I would just sit safe at home, enjoying a cup of mildly hot tea in my recliner. What about the rest? What about the missing 99.8%?”


“Ah, that. Well… ahem…. How should I put this… In the rest of the cases, DeathCounter9000 predicts that you would commit suicide.”


“I’m sorry what?”, I could not believe what I was hearing. Suicide? Me?


“Suicide. You almost killed yourself 1,447,841 times.”


I was shook. Of all the possible outcomes, this one I did not expect at all.


“That’s impossible. I have lived a long and happy life, I’ve never been suicidal.”

“Well it’s right here. Suicide by jumping from a bridge, suicide by cutting your wrists, suicide by overdose… It lists all imaginable methods of suicide that you’ve probably ever heard of, some of them pretty ingenious I give you that. For instance this one: suicide by a teddy bear. Who the hell kills themselves by a teddy bear? And how?! HOW?! Oh well, anyway, I guess you get the idea...”


I did not understand. There had to be a mistake, they must have a wrong file. I have always lived a comfortable life without risks. Comfortable and happy.


“When? When have I had these suicidal thoughts?”, I have managed to get these few words out of my lips, shaking.


Saint Peter furrowed his brow and looked at the readings.


“The first potential attempt was when you were 34, with more following shortly after. The density of attempts is then slowly increasing with time. At age 50, you have reached a stage with over 80 possible deaths by suicide per day. Hanging, suffocating, you name it. Although, I must say, all of these events’ probabilities were drastically reduced to zero on May 2nd, 1956 when you were just 23 years old. At that day, something happened which drastically altered your future. It changed the path you were at even without you realizing it. This event was so strong, that even though you were meant to die so many times by your own hand later on, you never did. I think you know what I’m talking about don’t you?”


I was feeling tears starting to form in my eyes. I knew precisely the event saint Peter was referring to.


“Yes. I know.”


“You do?”, he was watching me with raised eyebrows.


“Yes. That’s the day I met my wife.”
