I woke up and it was like the worst movie watching experience movie ever.  You know, like the kind that you know something is wrong right from the start, and you want to nope right out? But you're stuck there.  There were many terrible parts, but after a while what became the absolute worst was having no clue what anyone was saying.  At first it was all way too surreal for that to be the major concern.  Waking up to the smell of something burnt, having a terrible jolt of electricity passing through you only to quickly fade, that kind of holds your attention for a while as you try and figure out what the fuck just happened.

By the time I watched myself stand up from the chair, look down at the floor past my handcuffed hands for the first time, turn around, and then start walking backwards down the hallway I had figured out that somehow I was watching everything happen backwards.  It was all really disorienting, and at first pretty terrifying because I had no idea what was going to happen and couldn't shake the desire to turn my head around and see where I was going.

After a couple days of that I was able to shake some of the fear and disorientation.  I realized that with time going backwards and having started at my death, I figured I had at least a good amount of time before my, well... birth.  And then who knew what was going to happen.  But what still gets me is watching normal basic bodily functions happen backwards.

The first time I walked backwards into a bathroom and a toilet was to watch myself inhale my last meal.  I got a great look at the vomit coming up from the bottom of the toilet as it reversed flushed.  If I had any control of my body I would have been ready to puke already, knowing what was about to happen. After enduring three separate sessions of reverse regurgitating, I was ready to cry.  Which for once the emotions I was experiencing trapped inside this body were aligned with what was actually happening.

It was at this point that I began to wonder why.  Why was I trapped going through this?  And then, why was I was in this situation, why was I in prison? Why had I been executed.  It took about a year to figure that one out.  Picking up my history was pretty difficult, as I had to learn how to listen to everything being said backwards.  And apparently I had a bad case of being a lying shit because every time someone new would show up I told them a different story when they inevitably asked what I was in for.  But eventually I was sitting in front of a parole board.  This was another frustrating experience because obviously I wasn't going anywhere in normal people future.  But by the time I was walking into the room, and by that I mean watching myself walk out of the room backwards, I had my answer.


Hasn't made life much easier though.  If you could call this life.  Part of me was convinced this was some type of purgatory after life.  I couldn't think of much worse of a punishment than having to see your shit come up from the bottom of a toilet, and then feel it slip back up into your ass.  And prison food sucks, but what sucks more is realizing you're about to go from being full to watching your lunch come out of your mouth and back onto your plate.  Then you're hungry and can't do anything about it, just gotta wait and eventually it goes away.

So now I'm going through the process of being reverse tried.  And the bitch of that is I now know I have a family.  And apparently they're pretty disappointed in me.  I can't blame them I'm disappointed in myself.  I don't really know what kind of person I am, all I really remember is whats happened backwards so far starting from my death.  Oh and I know my future past self killed a little girl and her mother in a robbery.  Guess I am, or, was, kind of a piece of shit.  Which is really frustrating because I don't feel like the type of guy that would do something like that.

Turns out, I wasn't too much in control of my life before going to prison either.  The reason I was at these peoples house and trying to steal their shit was I was a drug addict trying to get something to pawn to get money to score my next fix.  This only made me more confused and disappointed in myself.  It didn't make sense to me.  I wanted nothing more than to be free.  How could I get myself into a situation, into a state of mind where I would do something like that?

Being back in prison sucks a hell of a lot more this time.  I keep waking up covered in sweat, shaking, swallowing more vomit.  There is something I want so bad, its driving me insane.  And I don't even know what it is I want.  I just know I want it more than anything at this point.  I can't even focus anymore its so strong.

I'd never really thought about it before but it was almost like I had two consciousnesses before.  I could hear some of my own thoughts and feelings happening in my forwards moving through time self, but it was very muted in the background, and it was like I was another layer on top of that, able to have my own thoughts and feelings as I watched it all happen.  But not anymore.  Only for brief moments like this before I get sucked back under by the desire.

The need for whatever it was I had been doing is too much to bear now. I can barely hold on to my sanity.  My only hope is that I can tell as the days go by that I'm getting closer to going backwards to the point where I will be out of prison. I haven't even been thinking about what I did that got me here in the first place anymore.

As I'm sitting on the bus, going backwards away from the prison, I'm pretty numb inside and out.  The questions are coming back.  How did I get to where I am?  Even though it was a short trip from the local police office to prison, it felt like it was never going to end.

Things now are foggy.  All I know is it's starting to feel amazing.  Better than amazing.  This type of euphoria has made it all worth it.  And one activity that's not actually too bad backwards? Sex.  I'm watching this girl get dressed in front of me, and starting to get uneasy again.  And disappointed in myself again too.  She isn't exactly attractive.  And clearly strung out.  I find myself desperately not wanting my consciousness to come back.  The feeling only gets worse.  And then more and more so as I'm watching myself inject the drugs into my arm.

Now everything for me is kind of manic.  Which in itself provides some escape because its so difficult to concentrate on anything.  I let myself get lost in the mania until I'm putting myself into a pile of bushes.  Then I fall up into an opened window.

As I'm closing the window, I feel my forward moving consciousness' distraught, and desperation.  The dread creeps throughout me entirely as I realize what it is I'm about to have done.  I run backwards down a set of stairs, taking random pieces of jewelry out of my coat pockets into my clutched hand.

I reach the bottom of the stairs and take a couple of quick backward steps turning around into a living room, and a gun comes flying up from the floor into my hands, all confusion leaves my mind. I see the mother across the room, and then the daughter laying in front of me.

Time seemed to slow down, as her head lifts up off the ground, and her body comes up towards mine, blood flying from the walls back into her skull, my arm coming in to wrap her up next to me.  I watch the gun come to her head, feel myself squeezing the trigger back in, hear the click.

Then time stopped.  And starts going forwards, just so I could watch the girls brains get blown out and her body fall to the floor, and look across the room to her dead mother.

Things start to happen more quickly, I drop the gun, turn and run up the steps.  I'm opening the window to jump out, and the mix of emotions is overwhelming.  I can't believe what I had just done.  I get up out of the bushes and start walking in a trance.  I know what I have to do.  I can't handle this reality of who I am anymore, I know exactly who to call to get my next fix and have my phone in my trembling hand going through my contacts.  I don't care anymore, my body and mind is screaming at me, its been too long since I've had a fix and there is only one thing that matters to make the pain and suffering go away, the desire totally consuming me.
   I didn't even try and fight it.  I knew exactly what was in store for me.  Knew what my fate would be in just a few short months.  But only one thing mattered up until I saw the needle in my arm.  And then nothing mattered anymore, not even the strung out girl getting undressed in front of me, as sweet escape came over me.

 
After that, I went through the motions.  Like I said I didn't try and fight my fate.  I had a long year to sit in prison and think about what I had done, while not really thinking about anything at the same time.  I knew exactly what my last day was going to look like and was prepared for it.  Still couldn't help throwing up though.

I was led into the room where I woke up two years ago now, and sat down in the chair I knew I would die in.  They flipped the switch, I smelt burning as an incredible surge of electricity washed over me, frying my brains and wiping out my memory, and I was thankful that the end had finally come.  But as I felt the last of my consciousness slip away I also felt something I had felt once before.  Time slowing down.

I woke up and it was like the worst movie watching experience movie ever.  You know, like the kind that you know something is wrong right from the start, and you want to nope right out? But you're stuck there.
   