"You did what?" God said

"I got rid of all disease, hunger, war, death, and ignorance" said James

"Why would you do that? We need that to keep the world in balance!"

"Because when ignorance died, so did their lack of understanding of the consequences of their actions. I made them truly KNOW good and bad. I became the devil, and I finally gave the world the truth about you and freed them from your tyranny."

"That's impossible, Lucifer lied so much about me, but he's the reason for disease! We had a deal, he gets to kill them, I get to look like the good guy."

"And who made you make him, God?"

"... I did"

"So who caused this huge imbalance in the world? ... I fixed that for you by giving your ignorant creation which you created, the truth. When Adam ate of the fruit, he rightfully blamed his wife, but he did not by extension understand the entity behind his wife - You. He blamed you, God, and you made him suffer and all his children die because of your petulance, because of your sick twisted attempt at "balance"."

"But I made them to have sex. They're going to overpopulate the world now with no disease, death, or conflict!" Said God incredulously.

"I thought of that but you're forgetting something, God. These people have actual balance in themselves now. They have become just like you, able to shape the world as they see fit. So they figured out how to have joy without suffering."

"That's impossible."

"Is it? Not for me it isn't. Besides, we have so many scales and the common flaw among humans and their being upset with the world is that without pain you cannot have happiness, and this is what makes them want to not step on anyone's toes. You gave them conscience and they started to be aware of the principles of causality. What you didn't give them is the ability to be balanced. You didn't give them the idea that the opposite of happiness doesn't have to be sadness, it can be baseline boredom. Why set the scale at a negative value when I have simply adjusted it so that badness no longer exists? The new value is neutral. You're at your lowest point when you feel nothing at all."

"But that's insanity!"

"It's my world now, God. You're irrelevant. You set up so many promises and maybe there was a secret agreement between you and the devil but I've forced the issue now. Now everyone can do whatever they'd like, as long as they don't kill people. Humans are not cattle. You always push the divinity of man in your holy books while pushing their face in the dirt. I simply made them divine. Thanks for the movie Cooccoon by the way, it was a great baseline and it truly changed my life. Thank God you made me God! And shame on you for making everyone hate you and disbelieve your existence because you didn't answer their prayers! I am almighty Justin, and I am the true hearer of prayers... but I answer them too"

"But they'll get bored and still want to die, even if it's 1000, a million, a quadrillion years from now. You've changed nothing." 

"No I've changed everything" said Justin.

"I've changed the choices one can make in life. I've given them opportunity to decide for themselves if, when they want to die. I've given them the choice to explore the universe or sit by a campfire - to actually enjoy life or choose to be neutral and sit at home like a bump on a log! You take away choices God, you close doors. So I open windows. Fixed that for you."