"I can't hack it anymore. This is your job now".  Two sentences that had thrown me back into time. A time when I wasn't called Anthony John Phillips. A time when I wasn't spending my time in a quiet Yorkshire village, earning a decent, but not eye-catching, living as an accountant. Back then I had no wife, no twin daughters, and I didn't spend my spare time walking a Labrador called Hutch, on family holidays, or finishing crosswords in a corner of the local pub.

The training I received went past physical or mental; it was more like programming. It was very experimental and included the use of LSD, long sessions with a psychologist, weapons handling, close quarter combat, escape and evasion techniques, the list went on.  Once those 10 years were complete I spent most of my time travelling to different countries and waiting in hotel rooms for The Call.  

The Agency needed me to clean up when a project went wrong.  Usually, an agent or asset whose cover was blown.  The procedure was I would be on standby at a location nearby. I get The Call which meant the Agent had pressed a panic button.  I entered the location and would only identify the Agent him or her using the two sentences "I can't hack it anymore. This is your job now".

My experience included projects in war zones like Afghanistan and Libya, but also most major cities across the world.  MI6, the CIA and Mossad were regular customers.  The situations involved making split second decisions, using anything that came to hand as a weapon, then forensically cleaning the scene and disappearing. 

The odds on Phil the gardener using the exact two pre-arranged sentences as my contact were so outlandish they were comparable with a Lottery win.  That day I had eaten a Ploughman's Lunch at the pub, completed The Times crossword, folded it under my arm and strolled back to the house.  

The Wife was sitting at the kitchen table analysing our outgoings.  She would have made a good accountant. It's a beautiful summer's day. Phil the gardener has switched off his mower an hour ago.  He was a functioning alcoholic in his 50's.  Last night had involved 8 pints of Estrella and a litre bottle of Smirnoff.  As I looked through the window I heard him cursing and trashing around in the hedges. He was flustered, broken veins on his purple nose offset by a blood red face.

"Alright Phil!" I shouted cheerfully through the open patio door.
His head snapped to the right in my direction, then stormed over.
"I can't hack it anymore. This is your job now" 
Grabbing the scythe I throw it to the floor then grab Phil by the sweatshirt, spin 360 degrees and throw him as far from the theatre of conflict as possible.  Flicking the scythe up with my right foot I catch it in both hands and with surgical precision carve the weeds into pieces.  In my peripheral vision I catch sight of a weed killer spray dropping the scythe I forward roll, grab the spray and come up firing, taking out the weeds between the patio slabs, each one taking a double tap.
I stand there, sweating and slowly coming to my senses when I notice The Wife standing in the patio door, hands on hips, frowning.

"Well if I knew you could do that we wouldn't have to hire a bloody gardener" 





