Having a superpower isn't necessarily as good as people make it out to be. To be honest, real superpowers are a little freaky.

When I was four, I hiccuped while asking my mother for another chocolate chip cookie. According to her, at that moment, my eyes rolled back into my head as I held my hands out to cradle the baby turtle that had just appeared out of thin air. When I came to, I looked at the turtle, screamed, and dropped it. The poor thing died at my feet. My mother took me to a doctor, a therapist, a pastor, everywhere she could think of that might explain what happened. They all dismissed her, assuming that she was on drugs or otherwise insane. After a few months, she started believing that, herself.

On my seventh birthday, shortly after my parents had gotten divorced, I was playing with a few of my friends at my dad's house. I was climbing the wrong way up the tube slide next to the swingset. My friend, Josh, shouted "here I come!" down the slide, but before I could tell him to wait, I had a shoe in my face. Once my feet touched the ground, I started wailing. I thought for sure that he had broken something. It didn't hurt that bad, but I was scared. My dad ran out, scooped me up, and asked me what happened. Somewhere amongst my soggy muttering, I must have triggered my power again, because I apparently stopped crying and rolled my eyes back. I remember seeing a look of complete shock and horror on my dad's face as he looked behind me at the garden that had spontaneously appeared. If my dad was scared, then I was scared, too. I buried my face in his chest and wailed even harder. He took me inside. The garden was gone the next day.

I spend a fair amount of my college life partying. I really shouldn't have, but when the opportunity presents itself to get very drunk with a lot of attractive girls, you don't pass that up. One day in particular, there was a small party in Eric's dorm room. I had just taken my third shot and was trying my luck with the girl who sits next to me in Calculus: Rebecca. I can't say that I was succeeding, since almost nothing I said was coherent anymore. I attempted to invite her back to my dorm, but halfway through my slur of a sentence, I stopped. My eyes rolled again. Rebecca held my face, trying to get my attention back to reality as the rest of the party rapidly dispersed away from the jaguar that was now curling itself up on the couch. I don't remember what happened for the rest of that night, but a couple days later, I heard that Eric got expelled.

I've been careful since then. All my life, I've made sure that I didn't misspeak. I enunciated, I didn't drink, I didn't speak with my mouth full. Fifty long years of caution. Even at my beloved wife's funeral, I didn't speak while crying. That's a feat in and of itself, considering how much I cried. The love of my life, the mother of my children. She died, and I could hardly say a thing because of this awful power.

Today, I was supposed to visit my son and his family. I'd had a terrible cough for the past week. This morning, I coughed into a tissue, and there was green and red. Not a good sign. I'd called my doctor a few days ago, but he said that I only needed to come in if it got worse or lasted more than a week. "Persistent coughs are normal at your age," he said. "Put a humidifier next to your bed. You'll be fine." I sent my son a text apologizing for not being able to make it to dinner. He was gracious about it, as always, and offered to help in whatever way he could. He and his sister have been a godsend since their mother passed. I don't think I could have made it without them. I let him know that I would be fine on my own, but I'll head to the doctor's office just to be sure. I didn't mention the blood. He doesn't need the extra worry on his plate.

I threw on my coat and was in the middle of tying my shoes when another coughing fit hit me. I grabbed a tissue and hacked into it until my eyes felt like they were going to pop out of my skull. It subsided after a minute or so of wet, painful spasms. The look of the tissue afterwards further reinforced my decision to go see the doctor. I tossed it into the trash and went to grab a few more to stuff into my pockets, but there was now a figure standing next to the tissue box. My heart nearly stopped. As I took in the figure, standing in my house, gazing at me, I could feel the tears streaming down my face. I knew by now that certain words would trigger my power, but I didn't know what those words were. I could only guess based on what sounds I had just made before something appeared. So, knowing that, what could be conjured through a hacking fit?

Apparently, whatever word I spoke... translates to "wife."