"WOOHOO!" I screamed after confirming my victory. I did it. I won the lottery. 40 million USD, coming out after tax to about 20 mil. My superior came in immediately and asked what my screeching was for. "Sarge, I just won the lottery!" He was, of course, skeptical. "Yeah, and I'm Black Jack Pershing." I showed him my numbers and the winning numbers, and he just went slack-jawed. He told me that I got a double heaping of luck, because I wasn't on guard duty tonight. He told me to go to sleep and enjoy my victory. I did just that. The first thing I saw when I woke up was the ceiling of my tent. Wait, no, this ceiling was white, my tent was dark green. "Ugh, my head." I groaned. My vision was also rather blurry, so it took a couple seconds to see clearly. I was in a hospital, a normal one, not a field hospital. The nurse who was in my room finally noticed I was awake and called for the doctor. He quickly came into the room and saw me. "Oh my goodness you're awake. How well can you see? What's your name, and what's the last thing you remember?" I was a little discombobulated by the bombardment of these questions, but still responded promptly. "I can see fine now, my Vision was blurry a couple moments ago, my name is Corporal Roger Johnson, and the last thing I remember is going to sleep in my tent. I'm sorry, why am I here?" The doctor looked at a sheet on his clipboard. "Seems your unit was attacked in the night. You were shot in the forehead, and survived long enough for you to be flown here." Wait, there was something else... a ticket. It was for a plane back home. No! It was... for 40 million USD. "Doc! I need access to a computer!" He was confused for a moment, then probably remembered my file. He handed me a Dell and I checked my finances. It was there, plus my salary for about 4 months. "So, I was shot in the head, after winning the lotto, and I'm currently in... India I'm assuming?" The doctor answered my questions (all correct), and I still had one more. "Do I get a discharge, or has the president declared war on some country who insulted his hair already?" The doctor chuckled at my comment about The Donald then said I was free to go after a week or two of physical therapy. I caught a flight out of New Delhi to Dublin. I showed up at her apartment and knocked on the door. "Hello, who is it?" I heard from somewhere in the apartment. "Package from St. Bovine hospital, New Delhi." She opened the door and just stared at me. "I'm back, Amy." My girlfriend just hugged me. "Any other good news besides you, lover boy?" "Not much," I said, "just about 21 million USD." She simply said "Whaaaaaatttt." "Yeah, I won the lotto." I explained. "Maybe now we can get you and your sexy brogue to a nice apartment in Oshkosh." "I like that idea," she said, "but what about my family?" I simply reminded her of my millions. "Well, now that that's out of the way, maybe we can have some fun. I've always wanted to make love to a rich man." I chuckled at her and said "Maybe after a couple pints of Guinness." "That's not all we Irish drink you know." I responded with "Yeah, but it's the only type of beer I like. And I'm buying." She laughed and just said "Sure." as we walked to the pub.