We did it. We finally pulled it off! Yazbak was always so high-and-mighty and we finally put them in their place. The look on their face when they finally got the notice was priceless. 

Sure, the dinosaurs were a nice touch. Eating, basically all of our other creations, both plant and animal; it was a great retort for having made all of the oceans water undrinkable. Round One: Yazbak.

Humanity was a clever little twist planned out by Hez, always waiting for an opportunity to build from nothing. If anyone could make lemons into lemonade (credit there too, literally) it was Hez. We always liked Hez.

It was dark when we all got together last, the meeting place was always so... exposed during the daytime. Despite the darkness, however, there was a noticeable difference to Yazbak. It had taken form. Now, a slender female human, tallish in the modern way of humanity but not too-tall that it seemed out of character. There was something about how she carried herself now that seemed like she didn't quite fit, like the suit wasn't tailored as well as it could have been but it wasn't unflattering, or was it?

The meeting wasn't long. Items of issue were doled out, things to be corrected were answered and old reports from the last meeting were resolved. All-in-all a very productive meeting indeed. No one of us could have predicted the Nazi's. It was known that occasionally the universe, and humanity, has a way of playing their own jokes from time-to-time. This was no joke, however, and it was unanimously decreed that we should take efforts to ensure that the planet not be challenged like that again. Two-point-three BILLION people were at stake. You're always happy to see your children leave the nest and fly on their own but when they start murdering each other en-masse it's time to step in. Death is no joke.

Time had passed and everything was looking great. Yazbak was pulling all of the right strings, things were falling into place, some of the others had taken forms as well, some were settling in to more mundane rolls across the globe. Hez was prime minister somewhere and doing a bang-up job, It was the perfect opportunity, we couldn't resist.

Snow was everywhere. We liked snow. It was a fun little way of using some of all of that damned water Hez was always going on about. They forgave you for that whole salt water thing, eventually, and now you had inadvertently made snowmen and skiing, all was forgiven. Our favorite thing about this whole project was the unintended positive consequences. No one planned Van Gogh or Renoir or Monet, they just happened. Sure, sometimes a Bieber or Kanye happen too but you just have to roll with the punches when they come.

A helicopter appeared in the distance, the blades whipping up loose snow into a frenzy. Little particulate water crystals blazing about gently stabbing us in our new human form. He had such an air of dignity about him for someone so callous and brash, he wore it well, true, but so undeserved. The bunker was... quaint, you know he has more elaborate bunkers but this was his way of saying he doesn't quite trust us yet. No matter, this will do. Vladimir always had a way of putting people in their place which is *exaclty* what we were counting on. 

We got caught up, everything was in order. The suitcase was exchanged and a small envelope was placed on the table. He said that he knew "just the guy" for the job and a glimmer of mischief sparkled at the corner of his eye. The picture in the envelope was hideous, these humans have such a weird sense of humor, and pleasure, but no matter, we hadn't laughed that hard in a long while. We slid the portrait of the little orange man back into the envelope with the other less savory images. Vladimir was smiling, "this'll do nicely, very nicely indeed," we chuckled. The game was on and oh man was it going to be a doozie.