“But how do I make her like me?”

My wise old father stroked his beard, his eyes glazed as he searched his memories.

“Son, the old ways are always the safest, but if she does not fall for your charm and charisma, there is one incantation that I have seen to be effective”

He reached over to his record collection and flicked through the large cardboard sleeves. Records of this kind had been long outlawed, but my father was never one for rules. 10 years ago the first vocal Wizard became known to the world, his power and influence grew through his recorded incantations until the entire world was under his spell. 

This Wizard known as “Slim Shady” became the de facto world leader, causing mass hysteria whenever he made an appearance and influencing everything from Elections to Natural Disasters with his rhythmic flow. For years he reigned supreme, until a young upstart by the name of Drake challenged his supremacy.

The Rap Battle between them caused earthquakes on every continent, tsunamis in every ocean and killed thousands of innocent civilians. There was no winner to this fight. 

That day the art of oral magic through Rap died, and all undistorted vocals and hip hop drum beats were outlawed by punishment of death. No one dared attempt to emulate what had gone before. Governments seized record collections and wiped hard drives, decades of music removed from circulation.

Only a very small community retain the power of Rap. Using it sparingly and only when completely necessary, luckily my father was one of them. While my friends grew up with Avicii and Kygo, I was treated to Biggie Smalls, Tupac and NWA. He would never let me listen to “Slim Shady” or “Drake” but that was okay, I took what I could get. 

He stopped on the oldest record he had in his collection...

“Ahhh yes, this is the one for you, no one can resist this spell”

“Let me hear it! I wanna learn! I need this girl!”

He looked hesitant, but played the vinyl anyway. As the speaker crackled to life, I heard the sound of the ultimate love spell:

“I said a Hip a Hop a Hippy, a hippy to the hip hip hop you don’t stop.... 


———————————————

Literally my first ever submission, please be gentle, apologies for formatting issues, written on mobile...

Hope you enjoyed! 