A dazzling light crossed Tom’s face.
« god damn it ! » Tom released in a groan.

« aaaaaouwww, it hurts » Said tom

« I thought they were supposed to send me their best guy » said a deep voice in the corner, Tom could not see him, he could not see anything really and when he realized he could not see, he started trembling.

« I can’t see » his most horrible thoughts emerged, he started to imagine that the shrinking process had turned sour and that he had permanently lost his sight.

the stranger started walking towards him, Tom, in his fear, grabbed the nearest items in reach and started to bombard the stranger as well as his ears could locate him. In a rage, fueled by fear, anxiety and despair, Tom tried to grapple the man but all he met was the ground and when he finally calmed down.
He realized the man had walked out on him..
He started to focus, remembering his training.
« okay, focus » he said to himself.
« How did you get here ? what can you do » and it dawned upon him, quickly, that pretty much every one of his motor skills were out and that he could only hear. « well I guess that’s all I’m doing right now ».
And he did, he could hear this faint voice across the room, he recognized the strangers voice.
« I said, send me your best man, daniel, not a wimp...silence... The guy can’t even stand the hell up...more silence... I have to work with that scared boy ?........ Not gonna happen, hell no........ Come on daniel... Come on...... Yeah.. Yes... I get it.... » He closed what seemed to be a phone for Tom, slammed through the door, and announced
« Okay mate, It’s going to be very simple, if you continue your act, I’ll bust your chip and leave you to die while the detainees loot your ass » He lighted a cigarette, took one puff, took two puffs.

« The last guy died, FYI, so, » he took another puff, « Just listen, shut the hell up and well be fine, understood ? »

« hewaayrehg » Tom said at his surprise,
« HEWAAYREHG » Tom could not believe that he could not pronounce (go to hell)
in the slighest, he later learned that the direction had decided to inject him with sedatives because of « unruly behaviour » as if he was causing any trouble.
Tom also took a pay cut to because he hurt someone while he was throwing random things at who he later learned to be Josh and had to pay for damages.

*Two days past and the Transition Hub finally authorized him to leave the building.*

Josh was waiting outside the building, leaning back on his car, wearing a trench coat with some kind of metal chest plate, black boots, black pants, black shirt, black socks. Except for his armor pieces, He was wearing all black.

« Get in » he said as he walked to the conductor side, he was parked with the passenger side to the building, so Tom only had to do a few steps to get in, he opened the door and sat down.
*Josh starts the car*
« okay » he started « I am going to finish your briefing, let’s call it, » Josh stopped to look for the appropriate term. «  your unofficial briefing » Tom recalled the New Recruit briefing explaining the ropes of the organisation but going into details into how the file management and pay works would only bore our reader and we would rather spare him the details.

« Let me translate it for your 4D ass »
« 4D ? » asked Tom.
« Yes, stands for 4 Digits, that’s because your identification number is 4 digits long »
Tom looked at his arm and there appeared a tattoo where was written LSP-9987, LSA standing for Lilliputian Special Agent and the number being his identification number.
« Hey, it just went down to 9986 » said Tom.
« Did they tell you why it went down »

« Yeah, they said that the longer we are here, the lower the number we will have »
Josh chuckled.
« So they didn’t tell you anything »
« what do you mean ? »
« The number doesn’t go down with time, it goes down as your rank increases »
Tom was a bit confused as he didn’t perform one mission so how could he climb in rank ?
« When someone leaves the service, everyone under him climbs one digit »

« Which mean, that 14 people « left the service » in two days ? »

« By « left the service » I mean, retired, or dead »
ugly silence
« So the fourteen guys ret.. »
« dead »
pause.
« There was a raid on a recruits casern and they were overwhelmed, 14 out of the twenty recruits were beaten to death »
*Tom’s face whitened*
« oh... »
« A couple more days like that and you will be a 3D in no time » said Josh with a yellow laugh
« Or a DD (Dead Digit), come on now Tom, the job is dangerous, you knew that when you signed up, that’s why you are payed as much »
Tom glanced at his left arm, under his Immatriculation number, was his bank balance.
« Josh ? »
« What ? »
« I have a negative balance »
« What do you mean you have a negative balance ? »
« look »
Tom showed his tattoo to Josh

« You know you are the only one who can see your tattoo right ? »
Tom was surprised
« Really ? »
« Yeah, It’s to avoid it giving you away when you are under cover and to keep your bank information secret »

« Yeah, fine, but why is it negative ? »

Josh turned into a parking, stopped the car, stopped the engine.

« Well, you are payed a ton of money but the counterpart is that you pay for everything, from equipement, to clothes, to food, everything really »

« Even the shrinkage ? »
« Yeah, even the shrinkage »

« Isn’t that ripping you off ? » 
« I guess you aren’t payed initially, yeah, but don’t worry, you will have payed it off in a month or two »

« But my service was for one month »
« You thought you could stay for one month, and then just leave ? It doesn’t work like that, you can only leave by paying for the RNS (Return to Normal Size) procedure and they don’t allow you to leave on debt, by the way, how the hell did you get here ? »

« You want to know my story » Tom said
« Yeah »
« Well I don’t want to tell you »
« Well, you don’t have a choice, it’s an order »
« You can’t ord... »
« Oh yes I can, plus I can always demand for your file so you better tell me now anyways »

« Hum, well, I guess it wouldn’t kill me but still, I don’t feel like it, let’s just leave it to a gambling addiction problem okay ? »
« Whatever suits you »

BOOOOOM!
A big explosion was heard from the distance, Tom realized as he was looking to the sky that he was in some kind of dome and that a part of a wall at the end if it blew up, as he looked to his arm for information of where to go Josh said.
« Shiiit, okay, Tom, listen closely, after your scene at the rehabilitation center, I don’t trust you with a gun but you will need it, go to the weapon center, you can display a map on your arm. »
Tom looked at his arm, noticed the map app but also saw that hid number went down from 9986 to 9985 and rapidly to 9984.
« I would advise you to stop looking at the number, that’s the best way to die »
Tom started to shiver.
« I don’t have time for this shit » said Josh « Get your bloody function weapon and get to the redzone on your map »
« okay »

Josh ran out and jumped from the top of the building the parking was on and started to parkour his way to the exploded wall with surprising ease and speed. Meanwhile Tom looked at his map, took the elevator, went down two floors, a intervention team entered, the elevator was full.

« Hoy, guys, matey here seems to be a newbie here » One of the guys said
« Yeah, look at the fear in his eyes, It’s a good first day ain’t it ? » said another agent.
The elevator arrived at the fourth floor, Tom got out.
« See you later sweetheart » All the agents started to laugh uncontrollably 
 as the door closed and Tom, pursued on his way, surprised by his reaction.
« See YOU later mother fucker » said Tom.

« are you talking to me ? »
A man at the counter, was looking at Tom straight in the eye. The was an equipment booth sign above.

« Is it hear that I get my equipment ? » asked Tom
« No » said the guy, « It’s at the other side of the city »

« But my map says .. »
« Of course it’s here moron, Linda ! » He yelled « Could you bring this guy a standard kit, wait, nevermind, bring the bb gun, so he doesn’t kill himself » The man started to laugh.
Tom confused by the way everyone was treating him asked « Why the hell is everyone insulting left and right ? »

« You’re asking me that »

« It’s because you are wearing the standard suit honey » said Linda.
« You should change it »
« You’re no fun Linda » said the man.
«  You could have left him at least a couple of days wondering »



okay, I’m getting tired, I’m out, sorry for some of the errors, I’m french so I try as I can.
I guess I’ll continue it if some people like it.
Peace !
Someone can always continue it, I would be really interested how someone sees the follow up XD.
