Year ZFCZERO, we landed on a type M planet similar to ours. We never expected it, but we discovered traces of an anciant civilisation. 

We first thought they needed this element to survive, but we learned it was a mutual destruction.

We found how they stored their knowledge. It's quite puzzling they had such inneficient medium.

We believe that they had very evolved mating rites. Their body seems to allow many configuration. We identified 2 species they label "male" and "female". They have a tendency to mate by what they call "gender" and by "color". Though, we do not well understand why as there is no documented incompatibility.

Besides the mating part, we found something called "Google". We believe it was their own Zarc. It permits to quickly find anything one would wish on their database. We believe it to be their ruller.

What we do not understand is that they use many  symbols they call "languages". We understood that they kept themselves in small groups with their own "language". We have found the same content with different language. We determined that it was how they communicate and that they did not understood languages of other groups. This may serve a purpose, but we are still investigating.

They had the notion of time too, they used their star to makes a unit of time like "days" and "hours". They need dark to sleep.

We do not understand why their Zarc allowed their destruction. We will have to investigage it back home.

Another proeminent thing is their "walling" habbit. Walls seems important to them. 

Separation is what dominate this specy.

Gender inequality was a problem to them. They could not get over inequalities due to their very varied morphologies. They were in their infancy.

Lastly, they lack proper reasoning. They kill member of their species without much reasons. They still make trade using something they call "money". They cage those they call "monkey" or have them to live outside their infrastructures.

The only good thing to keep is their interractive media they call "games". It's something we did not see yet and may be interresting. They seemed to enjoy it and we did too. The study of these will probably give us more insights.

You should receive this message in AC unit of time. 