I couldn't afford to be moved or medicated so I kept my mouth shut. Told myself it wasn't anything to worry about, a burnt pixel in my left eye, slowly spreading like a migraine aura. Inside a shimmering fringe like shattered glass was a dark centre. Cancer, maybe. On the line at work Demm noticed me rubbing it and made a face, *put your glove back on*, stupid. 

When I woke up, I knew it was still there before I opened my eyes. Like a coin at arm's length, just up and to the left of my focus. I'd catch myself chasing it while I worked, rolling my eyes around, trying to look through the coin. My mind played tricks on me as it grew, thinking I could recognize shapes in my periphery, an inverted world like the negative from a photograph. In my dreams I looked through the hole and saw strange things. 

"You need to see a Doctor," Tann said. She was holding my face and nodding. "You're anxious all the time, something's eating at you." 

I winced at the turn of phrase. I couldn't tell her how right she was, that a dark film was eroding the world. I'm fine, I assured her. Looking in her eyes, I said it. With the dark eye she looked quilted in oil, a pale shape through mottled glass. A dark skin had formed over everything and nobody noticed. With my right eye I looked the same; I studied my reflection and found no sign of damage. With my left eye, I saw nothing, an unyielding grey surface. Other people were amorphous blobs three feet deep in murky water. 


Then one day the dark broke like skin and spread open to a world I didn't recognize. 

"Your wife voiced some concerns about your health," the Doctor said. "She worries you are discontent." 

I couldn't move. My left eye's hallucination had projected upon the Doctor's fine head a spotted sausage with pitted eyes and a wet, black opening for a mouth. The imagery on the walls were blank, the window's view of the garden and the city was blank. Not a window at all, just a grey panel on a wall. Grey colourless everything besides his clothes: a muddy orange, every item. And my own, my jeans and long-sleeved shirt, every article matched his uniform. Orange. Now he looked at the faceless band on his pale sausage wrist, as if to check the time. He was scratching dark notes into a prop of a note pad. He opened cardboard cupboards and found a white bottle of pills distinct from the other white bottles by nothing, shape alone. Smaller and shorter white bottles.

"What are you doing with your eye?" the mutant asked. He'd caught me watching the darker world with my good eye closed. 

I corrected myself and looked at his suspicious face superimposed over the featureless creature, and took the bottle from his hand. 

"I will need you to take three of these now," he said. "In my presence." He smiled, but the fat sausage appeared to grimace. A face composed of holes in meat. I took the pills and drank water from the paper cup.

I was escorted out of the building by two mutants in orange suits. Without my good eye I'd never have escaped the labyrinth of grey corridors and dead vid-screens, blank signage. The skin of the world had been torn off.

Hideous creatures filled the streets in their prison-coloured clothes. No two faces could be told apart, a beautiful woman and or a homeless man on the street could take each other's place and I'd never know the difference. I became suddenly curious to see my offspring, the children I had contributed to the city. Would they too resemble the fleshy monsters I saw around me? Could I be permitted to see them without causing suspicion? 

I looked at my hands. Fat pale sausage fingers projecting from blotchy pads without creases. I wanted to see my own face but reflective surfaces only existed through my right eye, only projected back at me a normal human face filled with worry. To the dark eye the shuttle's windows were grey panels in grey walls.

Then an agency pod rode onto the rails ahead and stopped the shuttle and everyone became very still. The driver bowed his head and powered down the vehicle. The doors hissed open. Everyone looked at the ground as agents stepped on board, whistling their tune.


They approached until their feet were in my field of view. I lifted my head to find three grinning men. Human men. They appeared, somehow, human to both of my eyes. Grinning beneath their round glasses. They presented to me their familiar logo, the smile face on a square board. The same smile icon they always carried around on their on their mysterious activities.


Except to my left eye, it was frowning.


Then they took me away.
