I flipped it. 
——

Social anxiety is a bitch, but this thing makes it easier. 

It’s a Saturday afternoon and the mall is bustling. I just wanted to buy some new clothes, but it’s a day when everyone comes. I blink and they stop. 

The world goes silent and every person is still. I slip around people and head off to Macy’s. I pick out my clothes (a new dress, a new pair of jeans, and a hat) when no one can look at me or speak to me. And then I get in line behind everyone else at the check out.

I blink and they move again.

When I’ve paid for my clothes and have walked away from the counter, I freeze time again. Soon enough, I’m putting the bag in my purse and then hopping on my bike. You can’t drive a car when the rest of them are still, but you can get a bike around them. It wears you out the same, but it’s still like you got home in an instant. 

“Hey! Hey!”

I almost crash my bike. I brake and manage to stop. Around me, the world is still frozen. All except one man, who is jogging towards me. 

“You can move too!” He’s excited. He’s at least a decade older than me. “When everything stops. You can move too.”

I stare at him. “Wait... you...”

He nods. “Yeah, since I was a teen. This thing happens.” He waves around himself. “Everyone freezes for a few minutes or a few hours... and then it starts again. Never know when. Sucks, doesn’t it?”

“It sucks?” I ask. It’s the greatest thing ever to me. Why would it suck for him?

His excitement kinda dies down. “I was on the interstate once. Few years ago. Time stopped, my car stopped... but when it started again, my hands were off the wheel and I was looking out the back window. Car went straight back to sixty but I wasn’t controlling it...” He lets out a heavy sigh. “My wife died in the accident.”

I feel like I can’t breathe. It’s my fault. I killed this man’s wife. 

“Hey, kid, relax. You’re smart. You already figured out you shouldn’t get behind the wheel of a car, didn’t you? Whatever weird quirk of the universe this is, we just gotta live it out.” He laughed. “Make sure you cross those streets real fast though. You never know when the cars will start moving again.”

He’s right. My freezing and unfreezing time could kill him. I’ll never know what situation he’s in. If it’ll be safe for me to make the world move again. 

“I gotta get home,” I say. I start biking away.

“See you later, kid,” he says. But when I’ve gone just a little ways away, I stop and look back at him. 

How am I supposed to use my power when I have to worry about him?

He steps out onto the road where cars are frozen at forty-five miles per hour. He’s moving fast to get across before they start again.

I blink. 