It felt like snapping my fingers.

When the door closed, initially, everything simply went black, I felt a little strange, like I was drifting sideways, and then the door opened again.  I couldn't really tell that any time had passed, maybe that's just how time travel works?  I'm not an expert, I'm just the dupe that drew the short straw on testing this damn machine.

As I stepped out, still gathering my senses, a scene of absolute mayhem met my eyes.  Bodies everywhere, blood everywhere, little bits floating in the stagnant pools.

Strangely, the room didn't smell very much, a faint odor of sweat and some sort of cleaning agent, I couldn't tell which.

On the far wall, written in hastily smeared letters, was the word "SORRY".  As I examined it, I found something strange.  The word was written without any unnecessary streaking.  You'd think that the person writing it with their whole hand, if they were gravely injured or somehow in a hurry, would have left an errant finger mark here or there.  Odd.

I was feeling extremely uneasy, given the obviously horrific nature of the scene, and the fact that it had apparently happened all around me while I was completely unaware, but something just kept nagging at me, there was something that was keeping me in the room, not running for my life, a tiny voice in my head telling me things just didn't add up.

I surveyed the room again, and then it hit me what was off.  All of the bodies were face down.  That seemed extremely unlikely to have been coincidental, given the obvious chaos that would have had to have occurred in this small space.

Now, I don't really fancy the idea of touching dead bodies, it's sort of creepy, but I was clearly in an already creepy situation, so I decided it one more card in the pile wouldn't change anything.  I walked over to the nearest body, and turned it over.

Plastic.

"What the f..."

The words were half way out of my mouth when the door to the room slammed open.

"SURPRISE!" yelled Dr. Yannish, Dr. Brown, Dr. Esculpa, and the assorted staff.

I fell backward into one of the puddles of blood, my heart pounding in my chest for the first time that night.

"WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON?!" I yelled as they all began laughing hysterically.

Well, it turns out that this wasn't a time machine, they'd knocked me out with an aerosol anesthetic when the door to the pod closed, and set up this scenario for me in the intervening time.  Apparently, this wasn't a test of a time machine at all, it was a test to see how a person would react to being transported in time to a situation with intense unknown variables.

Bit of a boring story really, but they did get me an ice cream cake, so I guess everybody won in the end.