“Stay away!”

Claire twisted toward the words and her body jolted. A man burst out of the alley and charged her in the empty street. His stringy hair held clumps of trash and he had a bottle of liquor swinging wildly in his hands. Dirt covered his face like jungle camouflage and a pair of cracked glasses clung to his nose, just barely able to stay there. He trained his eyes on Claire as he picked up speed, all the while screaming at nobody.

“Stay away from them!”

For a breathless moment, Claire’s jaw hung slack and her limbs dangled below her. She watched the lunatic advance, unsure of what to do. She wanted to run, but her legs refused to move. All she managed to do was to stare.

The lunatic tossed his bottle of liquor her way. It flew toward her and shattered at her feet. The noise was the starting gunshot at a race. All of a sudden, Claire’s body started moving on its own. While she had texted and daydreamed through the weeks of self-defense training her father had dragged her to, apparently, her body still remembered its lessons. 

She took a wider stance, pulled out a Tazer from her bag, and pulled the trigger. The harpoons impaled the man in the chest, just as she had been taught, and the weapon clicked as the man fell to the ground in jerky movements.

He grabbed his chest squirming on the floor. The entire time, his eyes never left Claire. “Stay away,” he said through gritted teeth.

Claire dropped her weapon. “Oh my god,” she muttered and grabbed her cellphone to call an ambulance. But before she could even unlock it, the man started moving again.

He kept one hand clutched at his heart and with the other, he pulled himself along the ground toward her. Tears dripped to the floor in a small trail behind him. “Don’t look,” he mouthed, over and over again.

The lunatic reached her and extended a single trembling arm, his cracked glasses held at the end of it. “Eye contact,” he finally managed to push out and his arm fell to the ground, dropping his glasses.

Claire’s chest tightened as she put a single hand on his shoulder to nudge him slightly. “Sir?”

No response.

“Sir?”

Still none.

Claire flitted her eyes to the broken lenses and bent frames by his hand. The man had obviously wanted her to have it. Perhaps it was how desperate the man had been, perhaps it was guilt for what she had done to him, perhaps it was nothing at all—but Claire grabbed the glasses and put them on her face.

Her breath caught. Ahead of her, just down the street, stood a seven-foot tall wiry figure. Its face looked pale enough to be a skull and it wore black clothes that clung to its limbs. A smile cut across its face as two beady black eyes tracked Claire. It didn’t move. Then, its eyes grew to the size of dinner plates and zeroed into Claire’s.

*Stay away. Don’t look. Eye contact.* The homeless man’s last words reverberated in her head, but far too late.

The thing had already started moving.
