Gods of the universe never learn.

I chuckled to myself, leaning back in my chair. They each stared at me, each one of their divine eyes burning into my soul. I felt the pain, but I didn't wince, I just let them stare for as long as they liked.

My gaze flicked smoothly across space, catching the fleeting glints of light from the stars beyond. In the distance, I saw the home of my children, their small star shining softly in the night. I could hear them if I strained my ears, and their presence kept me going. 

I stared back at the gods, trying to meet their intensity with mine. Each of the bringers was here, standing in my chamber. I recognized each of their faces, I was familiar with each of their causes. Raia, the goddess of wrath; Dantos, the god of death; and Temat, the god-king of chaos. They were all standing in my chamber with their attention on my soul. 

They were the gods of the gods, and they were here for *me*.

A wicked smile danced at my lips as the celestial staring contest played fast in my favor. They were powerful, more powerful than anything else, but they were so full of themselves. Each one of them was at war, trying to claim the title of ender of it all. They hated everything, but each other most of all. They only cared for their plans and by now, nothing else. 

And yet they'd noticed and gathered here for *me*.

"So what do you want?" I asked, the sweet sound of my voice echoing through their minds. They squinted, each one of their stares lessening in an instant. They hadn't expected me to talk.

"What do you think you're doing?!" Raia asked, plasmic flame flaring up in her eyes. 

"I'm not sure. What am I doing?"

Her rage became palpable in an instant, attacking my mind. My skin tingled with pain as the heat brushed against it. "Don't mock me you fuck. The title belongs to *me*."

The force in her words was enough to catch the words in my throat. The sarcastic comments, the brags, and the insults, they all died at my lips.

Temat glared at her and the heat cooled just a bit. "The title belongs to none but me, Raia."

Raia clenched her fist, moving her eyes off of my form. "The title belongs to me. Everything you own will be burnt in my rage and the beautiful light will consecrate my ascension!"

She bit back none of the rage and I leaned back more, letting them fight amongst themselves. I kept steady in my head, the dull commotion of my children calming me little by little. All their sounds, all their prayers, all their feelings, it kept me grounded in place. 

Temat's lips twitched unpredictably, not showing any of his emotions. He glared at Raia for a time, only letting her fire build before he snapped back with a response.

"Your ascension will never come," he said with a calm blade in his tone. "But your fire is too stable! And it will burn through nothing before completely fizzling out!" The fire in her eyes dispersed, heat spraying out around her. I fought heavily the urge to grimace in pain.

"Enough of your squabbles," Dantos' voice cut in. It sent a chill to my core and I felt my nose twitch as if responding to decay. "Everything will die in time. Nothing of yours will be left standing at all, and then I will have won."

Both of the squabbling gods turned their gaze to him. The immense weight of their presence lifted subtly from me. His words repeated in my mind, growing my smile once again. He was right about time at least, that was for sure. They'd been fighting for eons, as long as I could remember. But my plan had taken seconds, on their cosmic scale.

My children were young in the universe, on a planet so new. But in that short time, they'd grown so much in their power. Every instant they worked, *my* title came closer. All I had to do was buy them more time. 

The beautiful blue dot flashed in my mind, warming my heart. My children would help me, they'd destroy it all. All I had to do was buy them more time. And as I looked at the gods, still arguing amongst themselves, I knew I would succeed.

A thousand years for the gods passed in the blink of an eye.

But for me, it was enough, and by then, they would rise.

---

/r/Palmerranian

