I woke up in a sweaty sleeping bag when the Count returned from the night shift. Truth be told, I'd hardly been sleeping anyway. The climate down south emanated like a heat blanket. Plus, it was never wise to let your guard down near a vampire, no matter how faithful a travel companion. We'd been traveling together for months now, holing up in one shack or another, and every night I swear he looked at my neck like a long desired delicacy. It was unsettling, sure, but at the same time...there was something I could identify with in the desire. After all, I'd been tracking Bigfoot for years now. 

And he was finally *so close*.

The Count hovered over my bed, beating his furry wings. I stood up from my sleeping bag and bowed. "Your excellency," I said. "Status report?" With a strange popping of limbs, the Count morphed into his true form. He stood pale as moonlight inside our little den. 

"The beast has moved south," he said in his strange accent. "He's fled to the caves."

"Christ almighty," I said. "It's the same story every time."

The Count nodded. "There's more..."

"Don't tell me."

"It appears...on my journey..."

"HOOOOLY SMOKES!" cried the goblin. He'd burst through the door of our dingy wood cabin, ugly green face aghast "This place is a dump!"

I sighed. "Alright, this again. I'll send this one on his way. Log your findings, then get some sleep. I've got your inflatable coffin hooked up to the air pump."

The Count nodded. He shifted back to a bat in the blink of an eye and then off he flew. The little green fellow, meanwhile, was busy pillaging through my sleeping bag, looking for spare coin. "The bat promised treasure," he sneered. "But you ain't got shit."

*Yes,* I thought. *That's our problem*

The past months had been nothing but discovery. In my quest for Bigfoot, I'd stumbled upon a trove of fantasy. Around every corner there lay a mining camp of dwarves, or in the pools of every mountain lake, there twinkled a school of mermaids. Twenty species, the Count and I had discovered. Including the Count himself. The world was going haywire. It was as if some portal had been opened, and out of it spilled the entirety of human imagination. Things children only read about between pages of hardbacks. Instead of another world war, most people's greatest fear was now perishing beneath dragon fire, or finding a chimera had eaten their poodle.

It was a strange new world. Full of sudden discovery. 

But, I just wanted Bigfoot. After what he'd done, nothing else mattered. Unfortunately for me, all these creatures just got in the way. Except for the Count, of course. He'd proven most useful. But that was only because he hated the beast just as much as me.  

I hurriedly packed up my gear and prepared to set out. Dawn was crawling up the cabin windows, and the Count had said our mark had fled to the caves further south. As I moved to the door, I'd almost forgotten about the Goblin. 

"You ain't going nowhere without the likes a'me! You owe me you fuck!"

I eyed the vile creature up and down. He looked as if a pile of snot had achieved sentience. "Owe you?"

"The bat promised treasure," he repeated. "I'll slit your throat less you give it."

Once again, I sighed. If it wasn't a unicorn missing its horn, it was a dragon missing a prized heirloom. These fantasy beasts were a strange breed, always sucking you into quests of one nature or another. A lesser man would have exploded at the goblin, but I kept my eyes on the prize. "Fine. I tell you what. You know the caves, right? Show me to them and I'll get you your treasure."

"Fine," the Goblin said. "But you listen here, pale-thing, if you try to--"

"Yes, yes, you'll slit my throat. Let's get a damned move on."

The Goblin lead me through a forest of brambles. He was a spry little fellow, hopping from one log to another. Along the way, I saw what the Count had meant. Every so often the ground was torn to bits, and clumps of dark fur hung from prickly branches. I stopped a few times to inspect the scene, but the damned Goblin kept running through the woods like a spooked deer, so I pushed my legs onward to keep pace as the little green blur scurried along. 

Eventually, we stood before a dark cave entrance. Hanging moss dangled listlessly from above, and a there drifted from inside a pungent stench that turned my stomach. If ever there was a hideout for a murderer like Bigfoot, I'd imagined this would be it. 

My first step echoed through the darkness. 

The Goblin remained behind. 

"Not coming?" I asked, already half bathed in the dark. The smell had only worsened. Like rotten meat.

"I...don't like the dark," the Goblin said, shyly

"You're fucking kidding me."

The Goblin screwed up its face in an ugly little frown.

"If you tell a soul, I'll--"

I held up my hand. "Alright then, suit yourself."

I brought my shirt over my nose as I traveled deeper into the dark, feeling my way using the feel of the slick walls of rock. Every so often, a bone went skittering, and I pressed myself against the walls, straining my ears for any sign I'd spooked whatever lay inside. Eventually, a light shone down the way. I crouched down, taking it slow. 

Beside a luminescent cave pool, there stood a shivering form. 

I inched even closer. All I could hear was the sound of my own heartbeat. 

Could it be? Was it really *him*? Years and years of searching--of living off berries and wiping my ass with oak leaves, always with the notion of *blood* on my mind--would it finally all end? *Would I finally get revenge?*

My heart sunk. 

No. 

It was just a man. Standing stark naked. He looked sorta scared. Like he was coming off a bad trip. 

"You're not Bigfoot." My voice echoed off the cave walls.

*Yet another disappointment.* 

The man jerked his head up. He was disheveled. In need of a good shave. A hermit perhaps. Or some crazed killer. Even as he spoke, I edged my way backwards into the darkness, preparing to make a run for it. 

"No," said the man. "I'm something much worse..."

*Oh, boy, here it comes.*

"A werewolf," he said, shame laced in his voice. 

I heaved a great inward sigh. The Count and I hadn't been on Bigfoot's tail after all...

"Of *course* you are," I said, hardly bothering to conceal my irritation. Before he could ask for my help, I turned tail to leave. The Goblin outside the mouth of the cave might present a problem. But his legs were short, and I could outpace him. 

The Count and I had been misled somewhere along the line. Some forest faerie had mistaken the wolfbeast for something else in the dark of night perhaps. Or an orc had taken our payments and lied. 

But we'd pick up the trail again tomorrow. 

No way was I about to give up. 

As I retreated back through the cave, the man's weeping echoed along the dark walls. They sounded so miserable. So full of pain. 

Suddenly, I turned back, with an idea burning bright. I'd read all the books as a kid. All these creatures of fantasy--perhaps they weren't obstacles at all. They were orcs with brute strength, and wizards of sly cunning. They were high-flying dragons and unicorns who galloped. I'd simply taken in the Count because we had a like-minded interest. But why not use *all* the tools at my disposal?

Back at the pool, the man looked at me, surprised, eyes full of pleading. 

"Say," I said. "Are you any good at tracking?"

-----------

r/M0Zark

**Edit:** Hit the 10k char limit, so I've replied with [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/8iec1n/wp_all_your_life_youve_wanted_to_prove_the/dyrr8lp/) here! 