The engine made a sputtering noise before dying completely. Jake glanced at the petrol gauge.  Empty.

Fortunately he knew his trusty old station wagon Bertha had just enough momentum left to carry it the last few kilometres to Rita's front yard. He and Bertha barrelled towards the building. His fist clenched as he looked upward and noticed the two zombies who had already reached the door of Rita's third story apartment. The creatures were scrabbling at it, unenthusiastically seeking entrance.

Jake braced himself.  He revved the engine and slammed into the two zombies at top speed.  Jake smiled, relishing the sweet crunching sound as the tyres rolled to a slow stop on the creatures’ mangled corpses.  The corpses groaned indignantly at the inconvenience.

He pounded at Rita's door, simultaneously loading his final two rounds into his shotgun. The gun closed with a snap that echoed through the night air. 

Jake stepped out of his car, the apartment door opened and Rita was in his arms.

"Jake! Thank goodness you made it!".

A gurgling moan sounded behind him.  As he turned, five zombies stepped out from behind a nearby streetlight.

Jake gripped Rita's hand tightly in his own while he raised the gun to his shoulder and fumbled frantically in his pocket. He cursed as he realised he'd left the grenades in his other pants.

He fired four quick blasts into the zombies.  Only one toppled forward.  It lay motionless for a moment, then began slowly dragging itself slowly towards him again. Cursed things.  They were slow and their lack of self-preservation skills made them easy targets but they sure made up for it with tenacity

"Run!" he yelled, kicking open the nearby door and dashing out into the back yard, dragging Rita behind him. 

They dived into his waiting convertible, the engine purring as though in welcome. Jake turned to Rita, beginning to smile in relief at their narrow escape.

In return she groaned and tried to devour his face. 

He desperately managed to open the car door and scramble backwards, his back landing hard against the lawn.

Jake glanced around as the thing that had been Rita clawed half-heartedly at the space he'd vacated. The zombies from upstairs were waiting for him.  They had him surrounded. He realised he'd left his shotgun behind in the car. He laughed and emptied twenty rounds into them anyway. 

Then he pulled the visor off over his head. His cubicle winked back into existence around him. He began to unfasten the sensor gloves.

He leaned over the partition, unsurprised to find Faye still elbow deep in her gamesculpt development interface.  He coughed.

She glanced up from the interface, her eyes meeting his for a second before drifting back to the neon glow.  She gave a half-distracted grunt.  Faye for “Yes?”.

“Cool game.” Jake said. “The way you crafted the game to respond to user expectations is freaking genius.”  He noted the familiar tilt of her head as she waited for the "but" she knew was coming.

“It needs calibrating though.”, he continued.  “Since the game reads expectations it’ll let you get away with anything if you just throw enough wishful thinking and chutzpah at it”.

Faye grunted again – this time her annoyed-but-unsurprised grunt.  Faye had the most nuanced lexicon of grunts he'd ever encountered.

“Guess we’ll be needing our beta tester for a while yet then”. She smiled.

“Guess so”.  Jake smiled back but her attention had already returned to the game.
