"Oh good. Another "brave knight" come to rescue the helpless princess from her tower. Look at him in his clunky armour, swinging that ridiculous sword around." Princess Adalaid groaned loudly, slamming her book shut. From her perch on the window she watched as the knight approached, stopping at the edge of the moat. 
"Fair Princess! I am Sir Brenton, and I am here to rescue you!" He called out. Adalaid turned to a sheet of paper pinned to the wall and made a tally mark in one of many columns.
"I will slay the foul beast that guards this tower-" another tally mark "- and we shall marry the following day." Another tally mark.
"You done?" Adalaid asked, pen hovering over the paper.
"Um... yes?" The knight replied, confusion visible beneath the visor on his helmet.
"Cool. So you want to kill the dragon and you think I'll marry you after?"
The knight lowered his sword. This was not what he expected. This wasn't how it was supposed to go.
"Well... yes."
"Have you ever SEEN a dragon? Ever read about one? Can you even read? You think you can handle a giant, fire breathing dragon with a cheap sword and a... Oh Gods is that a wooden shield?" Adalaid burst out laughing as the knight tucked the shield behind his back. "Ok, well, three things; 1, the "foul beast" as you so rudely called her, is my friend and mentor, and 2, she's behind you." The knight spun around surprisingly fast for someone weighed down with sheets of metal. He stared in shock at the dragon's kneecap, for that was all he could see. The creature loomed above him, green scales glistening in the sun. She crouched and lowered her head as much as possible, revealing a row of very sharp teeth in a very large mouth. The knight snapped out of the shock and swung his sword, connecting with nothing. The dragon had moved faster than he could follow, making no sound. The knight attacked again and again but to no avail. The dragon moved like the wind, and there was as much chance of catching her. The knight slumped to his knees, exhausted. A tap on the shoulder sent him sprawling to the floor.
"There was a third thing. I didn't get a chance to say since you attacked my friend and ignored me. You know how everyone who's come here trying to rescue me never returned? And everyone always blames the dragon?" Adalaid was stood next to Sir Brenton, looking rather amused. He simply nodded. His mind was too busy trying to figure out how she had gotten out of the tower with no door and across the moat without getting soaked to answer.
"Well, Lady Cannesa didn't kill them. I did." Adalaid raised her hand as lightning crackled between her fingers. The last thing Sir Brenton thought before a bolt of electricity struck his helmet was
"More will come. All will die." Adalaid lowered her hand, the sparks fading. She knelt down beside the corpse, resting her hand on the armour. She raised it slowly, the metal flowing like water from the body, following her movement. She directed it up towards Lady Cannesa, who promptly ate it. Adalaid clicked her fingers and the former knight burst into a brilliant blue flame.
"You know, if you let one live they'll stop coming." Cannesa spoke with a voice like an autumn breeze.
"But then who would I practice magic on?" Adalaid smirked.