Gwendolyn Rossi folded her hands in her lap as she looked out over the city of rivers in their open-air carriage. Arthur had offered to pay but was waved off by Ser Rossi, a man whose hard dark stare was hard to meet. When those eyes fell on Arthur, he swallowed and nodded before he reached to offer his arm for Gwendolyn's hand as they walked away to the black-and-gold carriage.

"It was very nice of you to ask on me a date." Gwendolyn turned her head, her face framed by her auburn tresses as she beamed at Arthur.

"Have you been having a nice time?" Arthur asked.

"Oh, very much. Dinner was nice, so was the wine. It was a good red, no?"

"Oh! It was, yes." Arthur said. He felt his cheeks reddened when he felt her pale hand reach out and take his hand. Arthur was a man of pale skin, dark hair, and a thin physique that matched too well the image people had of an alchemist. A man of books and mixing over hunting and fighting like other boys. No one was more surprised than him that when he had asked Gwendolyn for a date she had readily said yes and even flashed a look at her father to ensure they could go. Her fingers felt warm and alive. They wrapped themselves for a firm, but gentle grip around his fingers. She lifted herself and re-positioned so that she was closer to him. "In fact, I do indeed hate that we had to break away and deal with this matter." She used her free hand to adjust her white fox stole that had warmed her bare shoulders.

"I'm sure your father's business is very important," Arthur said.

"My father?" She asked, "What makes you think this is my father's business?"

"Well... I mean... the man who approached our table. He seemed to work for your father. What with the dull gray eyes and the... daggers on his belt." Arthur adjusted himself as well. Unlike his date who wore a periwinkle gown with her stole, he wore a doublet that was black with silver in the buttons and on the corners of his pointed collar. His family's sigil, the Phial, was etched on the silver in his collar.

She lifted her head and laughed, "Oh? No... no... that isn't my father's business." The two were jolted forward as the carriage came to a halt. She winked at him as the carriage gate was open. She was down the steps first, helped by the driver who was tall and wore a black jerkin with metal studs. Arthur could see the driver step to cut him off, only for her to look back and shake her head. The driver let him pass.

They had arrived at a darkened alleyway a few feet from one of the lesser used canals of the City. The buildings were red brick with grout that was at once gray and green from mold stains. Two men in matching jerkins of black with red bandannas around their neck watched the entryway. Where there were nods for Gwendolyn, there were only glares and frowns at Arthur.

She held up a hand and said, "I'll be right back, Love. If you would just wait here with my men." The two men broke from their spots to block his way. Her voice added in like a silver bell, "Be gentle with him. He's very precious to me." Arthur saw her image fleeting as she rounded the corner of the alleyway. There were men's gasps. A stifled cry. And then Arthur heard a man's voice, "These two been caught selling Dragon's Blood in our turf, m'lady. Already had to throw this one a beating last week for crossin' ye. Ye see that? I told ye the Wolf Spider controls this set of canals. No smugglin', no peddlin' on the black market less she gets her cut."

"Quite right," It was Gwendolyn's voice, "And while I have something of a forgiving nature, gentlemen. I cannot tolerate constant intrusion from... what was this little gang called again, Gordon?"

"Black Crows, M'lady Spider." Arthur now put a name to the voice of the rough man around the corner.

"Please! Have mercy! Have mercy!" One said.

"We'll not cross you again, m'lady. We'll gladly switch sides-"

"I have more than enough bravos to serve me and my family. I certainly do not need low men who would turncoat at the earliest opportunity. Gordon, bust their kneecaps and be done with it. I am a little disappointed you called me away from my date to deal with this." Her voice was a throaty growl when she spoke. Arthur could hear even the rough voice lower and tremble, "I apologize m'lady. I'll see to it then, yea?"

"Yes. See to it." She turned the corner again. Her coral lips, held in a serious frown, had brightened when she saw Arthur towards the end. The click of her shoes was drowned by the pleas of men. The crack of bones that caused men to scream to the Divines for protection. As she approached the two bravos who had watched Arthur gave her space. Her hands reached for Arthur's head, pulling him into a deep kiss on the mouth. He was near paralyzed by what he had heard and what he had seen. But curse him! He enjoyed the warmth of her embrace.

As she withdrew her smile returned, "I apologize for that interruption, my lovely. Why don't return to my home? There is a very fine garden we can walk around in. I'd like very much to hear about alchemy."

"Uhm... of course, my... lovely." Arthur offered a broken smile that elicited a giggle from Gwendolyn. She took his hand and lead him up to the stairs. He helped her climb back onto the carriage. One last cry in the night was at his backside as another man was struck.