9 Jan 1309 and 14 Mar 1752 

Two dates that are seared into my memory. 

The dates were when someone last prayed to me. 

Of course, even then my powers had waned significantly and i had been a pale shadow of my once powerfully benevolent self , weak after many millennia of having been forgotten and relegated to a lesser God. 

But still I had tried to help. To manifest what little miracle I could. If not to fully answer the prayer , at least to lessen the pain of the one calling to me. It was as much (maybe more) to keep me feeling alive and needed as much as to help a mortal. 

Those final two prayer answering incidents had hastened to weaken me more and quicker than it would have otherwise. 

These days , all I do is continue to live on in this lonely cottage by the mountain ,powerless and helpless with only my memories of the past to keep me company. 

Marking the passage of endless time until The All One decides to call me back. 

Once every two or three years I take a holiday. To go visit the places that once held sacred power, where we were worshipped. 

It’s all changed now obviously. 

Offices,Hospitals and Airports occupy where once stood Temples and Prayer houses where devotees came calling. Bearing gifts in their hands, prayers in their hearts and hope on their mind. 

I visit those places today to see passengers with with bags in their hand (some containing gifts no doubt) with prayers in their heart for a safe journey and hope for a better future. 

“Segul - please come back. I am lost without you “

I took me a while to realise I was not in a dream. I slapped myself to know if i was asleep and hallucinating this prayer call, only to end up with a stinging pain on my cheek and the realisation that after nearly 400 years, someone had called me again. Had remembered me. Was beseeching me to come back. 

Suffice to say that this came more as a shock than anything else. It couldn’t be. While I was fighting my inner voice to deny that it had heard a call , the same prayer came again. Much clearer and louder this time. 

I realised that I was speaking to myself. 

“I cannot go. It would be of no use and just disappoint whoever it is praying. And Me”. 

My inner voice replied 

“How do you know that until you go see what is it about ?  It may well be a hopeless cause but you won’t know that until you see for yourself . And if you don’t go now , you will forever be asking yourself What if “

Since I had nothing better to do anyway I grudgingly dug up the location tracker from where I had buried it behind my cottage. It barely had any power left. I charged it with some of my own , weakening me ever more slightly in the process. 

Even with this addition , the tracker powered up just barely enough to scan the airwaves and home onto the source from whence had come the call. 

It was a small town around 600 miles from where I lived. If it had been much farther I doubt I would have been able to find the location. 

It took me the best part of a full day to get there since my powers of instantly teleporting to where I wanted to go were well past me. 

The house was in a quiet neighbourhood at the end of a leaf strewn street, overlooking a small patch of woods. 

I knocked the door and a young woman, greying prematurely , opened the door. 

“Hello,  I’m Segul. I don’t know how to say this. But I’m a God and someone from this house called me. Actually Prayed to me. Was it you ?”

It took a while (by using up even more of my diminished power to lightly hypnotise her)  to convince her that a) I wasn’t a perverted old man b) I wasn’t joking and c) I really was who I claimed I was. 

Although she allowed me inside finally , she was confident that no one from this house could have called me seeing as a) no one even knew that a God like me existed and b) she and her family were Atheists and didn’t believe in Gods anyway. 

I would have liked to tell her that it mattered not an inch what she believed in since I, A God ,minor though I may be , was standing right in front of her but I wisely decided to let the point slide. 

“You mentioned family. Who else lives here ?”

“My daughter. But don’t worry Mr Segul. I am sure she couldn’t have called you seeing as she’s just 3 years old and there is no way she could know about an Old God like you. 

She’s into cartoons and colouring books. 

You wouldn’t happen to have featured in any of those I presume ?”

I admitted that I was sure I wasn’t featured in any cartoons or colouring books but asked her 

“Can I speak with her for a minute ? Of course I don’t think you’re wrong but having come all the way I prefer not to go back with an unfulfilled prayer hanging about “

I could see the annoyance in her face as she called for her Daughter. 

It was a while before a whippet of a girl appeared. Immediately I could see that she had been crying. Quite recently too. Her face was red right down to the tip of her nose 

Her mother rushed to her 

“Honey, oh baby - what’s wrong ? Why are you crying ?”

At this , the child started to cry once more , her chest heaving and hands waving around. I couldn’t watch yet couldn’t turn away as I now felt so strongly that this girl had called me. 

“Mommy , it’s Segul - he’s gone missing “

Whatever I had been expecting , it wasn’t this. 

When she realised what her Daughter had just said, the Mother looked at me mouth agape. 

“Oh , how could I forget. Oh yes , We have a dog. Called Regal. Except that my daughter can’t pronounce the word R. She keeps calling him Segal”

She pronounced it like anyone would the bird. 

It was now clear to me. And I felt quite bitter and disappointed. 

I hadn’t been remembered after all. It was not me that this girl had called. 

The girl looked at me through her tears

“Mr , can you find my dog ?”

My heart broke at the loss I could see in her eyes. I knew I couldn’t help her find her dog. I was far too weak. My location tracker wouldn’t help for it only showed me a place if someone called me (deliberately or by mistake as i now knew) 

But I knew what I had to do. 

“My child , I’m sorry Regal is missing. I can’t help you directly find him but I can do something that would help “

I spoke to the Mother now. 

“I’m a lesser God as I have told you. That means there are Higher Gods and if I pray to one or other of them , I think they may be able to help your dog be found” 

Yes I thought it would work. You see , I can’t be asking anything for myself when I pray to a Higher God. But in this case it was clear that I wasn’t doing this for myself. And a God’s prayer carried some weight even now. 

And so we all knelt down , right there in the living room and prayed. 

I left them waiting on their doorstep as I began my long journey back home. 

By the time I reached the end of their street I think I could hear a joyful bark and sounds of laughter from somewhere behind me. 

I never looked back. 
