Faster Than Light travel was a godsend for the human race.  It allowed the earthbound humans to venture forth from their solar system and explore. The vastness of space was finally open to them, and along with it the eventual contact with alien species. Some of these species, like the *text indecipherable* and the Hrrrtgrrrff were peaceful, prosperous races that was open to trade and mutual economic and scientific agreements.

Others, like the *text indecipherable* and the Usurper Dominion are aggressive and war like.  The first few Earhart class exploratory vessels found all of the aforementioned races scattered across the galaxy. Of course, with the Earhart class vessels being American ships, crewed by United States Naval personal, the alien races assumed, and rightly so, that the Americans were they "ruling" species of the Terran home system.

So when the first Republic of China colony ships appeared in Hrrrtgrrrff controlled systems, there was much confusion on to who the Chinese were, and where they came from. The Hrrrtgrrrff couldn't believe that they arrived from the Terran system, AND from the same planet as the Americans they had encountered before!

...and then the Russian Federalists sent Viktor class patrol ships into the Hrrrtgrrrff core systems. Shortly after that, and without much fanfare, Moses class ships from a country the Terrans called Israel appeared "spreading the word of God" and taking over finance centers all over the core worlds.

So the Hrrrtgrrrff finally sent a delegation to Terra. To their homeworld. Finally, Hrrrtgrrrff Slarf Biggens had a job.

As his Diplomatic Cruiser popped out of hyperspace, his communicator began to chime. Answering the call, Slarf heard a harried, and familiar Terran voice.

"Slarf? I mean, Minister Biggens! Sorry. It's Jake, from the US delegate aboard Midway Station. We've just got word that you are docking soon? Was your trip a smooth one?"

Slarf shook his maned head and sighed. Jake was a worrier of the Humans. His people, the Americans, were cordial, and even downright helpful to the Hrrrtgrrrff government. But something was getting to the hairless bipedal meat bag.

"Yes, the trip was uneventful. Thank you for your concern. Now what can I help you with, Jake? I've literally just arrived into your home system..."

As his words trailed off, his communicator began to thrum with calls, text messages and video requests. All from 19 other political powers from the blue planet below.

Slarf cursed. He had to speak to each one eventually...and each one wanted or needed something from the Hrrrtgrrrff Polity. Humans were irksome creatures. How did they make it to space, and beyond, without either destroying themselves or uniting for world peace and prosperity?

But what really bothered Hrrrtgrrrff Slarf Biggens were the ones they called Jews...