I know it's not really related to the WP but I got a little carried away with the backstory and wanted to share it with you all. Please feel free to criticise

I still remember the day that it happened, the day that forever ruined our lives, the day that the world changed. The day the Reverend blew up the Senate. 


It wasn't supposed to go down that way though. The way was going to be history, it was going to be the day that the war ended, the day that we could all remember as a day of pride, a day of love and, most importantly, a day of relief. 


The Senate was going to sign Bill 243-A, the final armistice agreement with the Federation. The 30- something year old war was finally ending. Everyone in the media was covering it, and so were we. 


We had fought hard to get as close to the Senate as possible and everything was set up. Millions had tuned in to watch the retreat of the dark cloud that had hung over their heads for most of the adult life. At the office we were all glued to the large 60 inch monitor the company had bought specially for this event. We had a skeletal crew down there only 2 technicians and our best reporter, Katie. 


As the clock struck 5 pm, the TV came to life with a bright red screen with our logo in the center; it was about to begin. 


“Good evening citizens and welcome to Channel 5s live broadcast of the 243-A signing" said Katie with her trademark smile. She was a  tall, exceptionally well dressed woman who wouldn't be caught dead with her blouse untucked or her hair out of place. 


Pointing to the large regal building with huge ornate pillars holding up a dome larger than most stadiums,lit up with bright red and blue lights representing our flag, she said “As you can see behind me the Senate has been illuminated with the national colours-”


Aman walked past the barricades and walked toward the Senate. 


“Sir… Sir you can't go there” Katie said trying to grab his shoulder. He turned and punched her right in the stomach, causing a Shockwave that ripped right through her. The cameraman dropped the camera and fled leaving Katie's dead face staring directly at the camera as the man turned his focus back to the Senate, he held his fist in line with his shoulder and punched straight into the neatly paved Royal Road. As his fist hit the ground a loud noise was heard all the way back in our office, roughly 25 kilometers away. The road split open like a movie and the shockwave moved toward the building and destroyed it. The man demolished the most protected building in our nation with his fist, with his goddamn fist. 


He proceeded to walk away from the wreckage as our office filled with shrieks from those who had gotten over the shock of the incident. As we stared at the screen, we could see the destruction he had wrought upon us. He later went on to call it the ‘Lord’s Salvation’. 


But we didn't know that then, all we knew and all we could see was the Senate destroyed in the background with Katie’s emotionless lifeless eyes staring at us. 


Her perfectly kept hair had fallen over her face as if it were a shroud. 

