"Hi Life" I approach her dressed with my black robe, my face hidden like always I'm about to take someone.

"Oh. Hi Grim. You here to take me?"

"Yeah. You are the last one." I say looking around me. We are on a desolated and quiet place. Nothing is being born, nothing is growing, nothing anything. Not anymore.

I look down, down on her knees Life is digging up the earth. Whereas one day she had been all mighty and unstoppable that was a matter of days past, now she looks weak and old. 

I was alone at the begining. Then she came to be. On her first days she looked so bright and full of, well, herself. She was nothing but a child with hair of fire and eyes so blue that no sky she ever created could compete with them. "Who are you?" she asked when whe saw me for the first time. "I'm Death" I answered. "What's Death?" she asked. "You'll find out little one. I'm sorry but you will." I smiled with a sad one. "You can call me Grim" Then she started creating. She began with a breeze, just one tiny, simple gust of air. She looked so startled by what she had done, I don't think she really knew what was happening. I neither believe she knew what was going to happen when that breeze reached me. She stared at me, smiling like only she could do, no matter the situation, the war or the fear, no matter the suffering, the pain or the hate. She always smiled, she always triumphed.

Then of course, the breeze reached me and she stopped smiling. It just... died. I was young back then, I think. I don't really... Sometimes I get this feeling like... sigh. I just wanted to touch it, to feel something different of what I would feel from that day onwards. Burning, deep and neverending...

"...hate." I muttered.

"What was that?" The old grey haired woman who once was that child looks up at me.

"Just reminiscing. Now that we are here at the end of you I can't help but look back at everything we've done. Even now when is futile you keep trying, don't you?"

"What else can I do?" She says this with one of the saddest smiles I've ever seen on her face. "What did you mean by hate?"

"I'm just kind of happy that we are alone, that everything fadded away at last."

"Didn't you like what I did through the years? I thought some of it was worse than the rest but beautiful nonetheless. I thought you felt the same..." she looks down like she is about to cry.

"It's not a matter of me liking what you did or not. It's just... All you ever created, every single piece of it had something in common. And I'm not saying it was your doing, we know it wasn't but, still, it made it difficult to enjoy anything."

With tears on her eyes, she looks at me and says:

"I'm sorry. I never really undesrtood why they felt that way towards you. Although some of them accepted you right?"

"That's right, there were those who greeted me. I must admit that was nice of them. To accept me like that, it was nice for a change."

"I should apologize though, how many, out of all of them, were like that?"

"Who knows. It doesn't matter anymore does it?"

"I supose not. It's just... You are not guilty of anything. If they didn't cling so much to me they wouldn't loathe you like that."

"I don't blame them. After all this time, after all the despise and hatred. I can't blame them I mean, look at you! You are the reason for everything. You are the culmination of everything they hold dear. Joy, happines and love, they find their climax in you. And to think it all started with a breeze." I look down while I say this  "How could they not love you and despise me, the end of everything?"

"A breeze?" She mutters, she looks at me, confused. 

She looks down again. She seems sad more than ever. She has always seemed sad whenever we've interacted with each other but not like this. 

I sit behind her, when she notices, she leans on me as I cup her on my arms. Then I start to feel how she fades away, like everything else I've ever touched. Then she begins sobbing.

"What's wrong?" I ask her "Are you...?After all, are you also afraid of me?"

"What? No! Of course not! How could I? You were my first friend, my only and best friend. You are what gives meaning to my existence. You complete me. How could I fear you?"

"Then, why are you crying?"

"Because...Are you sure I cannot create something else...Just a little one, just..."

"Life, you know you can't. Not anymore. I'm sorry."

She begins crying even harder than before and amidst the tears I hear:

"But then...you are going to be alone. I've failed. I've failed you." She turns in my arms and hugs me tightly.

"What do you mean failed me? You haven't failed, you were great. All you did was magnificent and..."

"I couldn't do it. I tried but I couldn't. I tried creating someone that would never fade. Someone you could touch without fear of it vanishing. But I couldn't. It didn't matter how lasting I made it, you always got to it in the end. I didn't want you to reach this day and just... be alone forever more."

I'm hugging her the thightest I can, I'm trying to convey whatever I'm feeling inside me. Some sort of, acceptance. A message that says that I'll be fine even if I'm alone. A lie, but one I need her to believe.

She calms down as her body begins to fall apart into tiny fragments of light. They are like stars. The last ones on this place.

"Grim?"

"I'm here."

In my arms she looks up at me and says:

"There is something you said before, something I would like understand before... you know."

"Yeah, what is it?"

"What did you mean by a breeze?"

I laugh a little, "I guess you don't remember after all. The first time we saw each other, the first thing you send my way was a breeze of fresh air."

She looks at me dumbfounded. "Grim. The first thing I ever send you was a butterfly."

"What? No. You must be confused. I remember it clearly, I was looking at you, with your red hair and your blue eyes and..." Then is when it strikes me. 

I'm looking at her face, her dumbfounded expression like it's the first time she sees me. But what surprises me is not her expression. I do remember that red haired, blue eyed child like I met her yesterday but, Life, my Life who is currently in my arms... she is got green eyes. Like emeralds bathed on the light of the sunset. Not blue, green. And her hair, although it is grey, instead of traces of red as there should be, there are traces of yellow.

"Wait... what is happening?" I manage to say this right before it starts.

Life changes her expression to one of understanding as she smiles, happy, for the last time before turning completly into particles of light. Then those little, flickering lights begin floating towards me. I get on my feet as they get inside me adn when they do, an explosion. I feel how my black robe gets ripped of me and as it does, I see flocks of red hair dancing in the wind coming from nowhere. I fall into my knees. I finde myself looking into the hole Life was digging before just to see a puddle of water. Into the puddle I see a red haired, blue eyed woman returning my gaze. 

"But..." As I speak so does the reflection. Of course. Now I remember. Of course. The reflection starts to change. The green gets changed for a blue no sky can match and the red makes way for the yellow. 

I remember. All of them. But most important of all. I remember the question that begins eveything, that always begins everything. If I was before life, where did life came from? How could I be bofere her?

I see their faces as everything begins again. A red haired, blue eyed girl. A boy with raven hair and yellow eyes. A girl with hair of silver and eyes of amethyst... There's been so many. Life had a wish. For me not to be alone. For me to have an everlasting companion, a neverfading friend. I had that same wish. That's why I did it the first time. A first time lost in who knows when. I doubt even Time could tell me for how long I've been doing this. 

Why everything Life does unavoidably ends at me? Or, to be precise, why does everything comes back to me? The answer is simple. I am everything. Everything is me. 

I did not wish to be alone. So I did the only rational thing. I pushed all my power and hability to create to the utmost limit and I gave it form. I encarnated it. I created Life but in the process I became Death. Two sides of the same coin. That's why she had that desire. That's why every life I've ever created has had the same wish.

I've always felt that Life and me are both prisioners of some sick joke. Life can never stop to create, not for a moment till she mets me at the end. I cannot stop making everything she does vanish or more accurately, retrieving those bits of myself. But I think all Lives understood all this at some point. Unconsciously maybe, but that's what drives them to try and create something I cannot vanish. Because, every time I create another Life, I grow. I change and I can do more. Amidst all the light of the explosion I am now I can see it. The place we where at. How could I not see it? This place has no life in it, that's true. But this place is. Therefore Life did created something I cannot retrieve. So, maybe... All I need is hold a little longer, all I need is to endure, the loathe, the hatred and the rage everything will direct towards me, a little longer. Because even if she changes her appearance, even if I say Lives. There is only one other side to this coin. There is only one Life. And I feel she is close. I feel she is close to create or, I hope, to be my everlasting companion.

So I guess that, in order to reach the day where we can be together, all I can do is keep moving on.

The explosion of light ends. I feel the power and the memories back where they should be and I know what must be done. What I must do. 

When I'm done I'm a little exhausted, I find myself wearing my black robe, the one I use to rest and in order to not scare Life.

And then I hear it. 

"Who are you?" 

Then I feel it. 

A simple, tiny breeze. And behind it, a child.



