My alarm went off a 4:30 and I fought the impulse to hit snooze. I had a lot of miles to drive, and putting it off would just mean I'd hit Albuquerque closer to rush hour. Bleary eyed, I dressed and pulled aside the curtain between the sleeper berth and the cab of my truck to look for my shoes. A fine mist of water droplets on the the windshield gave the lights of the truck stop a fractured, pixilated appearance. I grabbed my toothbrush and stumbled across the lot in search of coffee. 

The fine, misty rain, so odd in the desert, did a lot to wake me up as I crossed the parking lot. I lifted my face to it, enjoying the incongruity. When I first noticed the white shape moving through the air above the row of trucks, I thought it was a loose plastic bag being tossed about by the light breeze. It seemed to hover above the trailers, moving erratically along the row until it stopped over one in particular. That's when I noticed the arrow-like shape, and the glow that was more than just reflected light. The arrow dipped, touched the top of an older trailer, flickered briefly, and the truck and trailer just vanished.

I stopped in my tracks and just stared at the empty space where an eighteen wheeler had just been sitting. I rubbed my eyes to clear them, but the space was still empty. I felt the water droplets from the cool mist on my face and was certain I wasn't dreaming, but I couldn't reconcile what I had just seen. A truck on it's way to the fuel island pulled up behind me and the driver honked his air horn, shaking me from my shock with a startled jump. I waved an apologetic hand his way and continued inside in a daze. 

I couldn't have seen what I thought I'd just seen, it had to have been a lingering dream image, or the hallucination of an over-tired mind. I tried to shake it off as I brushed my teeth and took care of my other morning necessities. I got a large cup of the extra-caffinated coffee and a breakfast burrito and headed for the cashier. I tried to ignore the glowing green diamond shape floating above her head, but my eyes kept creeping upward to stare at it as I paid. I mumbled rote responses to her, the exchange so familiar I could do it on autopilot. My mind was racing, tumbling over explanations but unable to fit what I was seeing into any sane framework. 

Still moving on autopilot I walked out of the store. There was a hitch-hiker with  a cardboard sign sitting on an old olive-drab duffel bag just to the left of the door as I came out. There was a yellow exclamation mark floating over his head. 

"Hey, buddy, you headed west?" he asked as I was passing.

My brain was still stripping gears, but my mouth found the answer without thought. "Sorry. I never really liked escort quests."

As I was climbing back into my truck I caught a strangely familiar sound coming from the highway. I couldn't place it at first, but it grew louder. *waka waka waka waka waka* The freeway overpass, just visible above the back of the lot, suddenly lit with a yellow glow, and the sound clicked into place. I dove into the cab of my truck and slammed the door closed. No driving for me today. Nope. I climbed back into the sleeper berth, climbed into bed, shoes and all, and pulled the covers over my head. No way was I gonna risk becoming a power pellet for a giant yellow eating machine. Maybe when I woke up, the world would be sane again.
