**Hello. Normally I'd love to stay and chat, but I've made the most grievous of blunders. You see, I am the ward of The Book, and it seems I've lost quite a lot of pages to the wind and the void. So I cannot linger and I cannot dawdle. I must find these pages. Yet it seems luck favors me, for I've found one right here.** 

~

I awoke to the sounds of screams and metal on metal. My mind raced and with a jolt I flew from the comfort of my king sized bed. Despite not getting any sleep because of last nights activities, I barely stopped to throw on my royal robe before rushing from my chambers, heading for the throne. *It can't already be upon us, can it? I thought I had more time!*

As I burst into the throne room my worst fears were confirmed. My eyes took in the scene before me as my mind screamed at my body to stop trembling.

The 3 great generals lay upon the ground in a haphazard line, each one closer to the throne the last. Past them was The Chosen One, Adonnell the Pious, Son to the former King Darys. I entered the room right as Adonnell pulled his blade from kneeling Emperor Moki and planted a foot on his shoulder, kicking him backwards. Moki fell like a puppet with its strings cut. Once an unstoppable force of malice, the late Emperor Moki had torn the continent asunder with his armies and his knowledge of black powder. I took notice that Raze and Rampage, Moki's twin pistol-blades lay shattered and broken next to the former emperors body.

It had taken me years of scheming, months of study and begging and humiliations to reach where I was now. I knew my sins were catching up with me now. 

"Well well, if it isn't Ghash The Cunning, the emperors right hand himself." Adonnell spoke softly, wiping his blade on Moki's body, before staring me straight in the eyes. I shivered and yelped when two large bodyguards stepped up behind me, grasping my arms. 

"A-adonnell, you've returned! I have waited for you since the day you were driven out, and its seems my patience rewords me! In fact, I was just planning on an attempt at Moki's life myself, on this day in fact! I ha-"

"SILENCE!" Adonnell shouted, taking a step forwards. I cringed and felt the grips on my arms tighten, "You speak lies and peddle slander Ghash. You've been in a position to take the emperors life for months now. I have spies and scouts in the castle, *my lord*, and you've been patient for one reason only."

"My king, I..." I began but Adonnells hard stare withered the lies I had been ready to tell right there within my mouth. I felt the strength leave my body and I slumped in the grip of the soldiers. They supported my weight soley and I hung my head, "You are right. I grew complacent. I was your fathers steward, and when Moki took his life I escaped with mine. It took 20 years to reach where I was, and another 5 to become the right hand. I was lucky Moki never saw my face when I was your fathers steward. My whole life devoted to this task...but..."

Adonnell spit on the ground in front of me, scowling, "You coward. You grew fat on the Emperors food and his money and his whores. Meanwhile me and mine were cast out, starving on the roads and searching for anyone to help. Don't you dare tell me of your wasted life when I'm the one who lived it."

He paced back and forth before nodding to his guards, who let go of me. I fell to my knees. He nodded again and my head went blank as one of the guards must have struck the back of my head with his gauntlets. I hit the ground hard, my mind reeling and pain flaring through my head. I gasped in pain and lay on the ground.

"Its truly a pity. Had you actually killed the Emperor when you had the chance, I would have rewarded you. You say you planned to kill him today? How would you have done it? Poison? A dagger in his back? I doubt it. You planned on telling yourself another week, didn't you?" Adonnell started walking towards the throne. Despite my current state I could dimly feel a warning bells going off in my head. Something was wrong...something...but my mind was slow and fuzzy.

Adonnell stopped in from of the throne. His fathers throne. His throne. He stroked one of its impressive arms as he looked at me with disdain, "After all, you still have money to spend, right? How much does that robe you wear cost, Ghash? I'm sure the comfort it gives far outweighs all the lives that were lost while you lounged in it."

The alarm bells in my head started getting louder as the prince sat in the throne, and my mind was able to pull itself back together. My body, however, wasn't cooperating. I gasped and wheezed as I attempted to warn the prince, but I doubt even the guards standing over me would be able to make out my words.

The prince leaned back in the throne, smirking as he watched me, "But you won't die today, Ghash. The rest of your life will be spent in the dungeons. I'll have you sharing the cells with the worst scum we have. That seems a fitting punishment, yes?" It was a shame the prince spoke so loudly, so that his men could hear him. If he was quieter, he might have heard the sizzling of the fuse beneath him. And at the end of his speech he started laughing. He was still laughing when the explosives under the throne went off.

~
