"Il'Gamon, I'm about to begin!" Trace said with a calm, yet haughty expression.

A wisp of jade green smoke begins to manifest and gradually it shapes itself into a small three horned demon no bigger than your average ten year old human child. With eagerness beaming in it's crimson red eyes it quickly sat cross legged next to Trace after manifesting.

'There must be some clue,' the little demon Il'Gamon thought to himself desperately. 'There's no way he can leave not even a trace of energy or even the slightest hint that-'

Il'Gamon's mind is thrown into disarray as the TV lights up and he gazes up at it reverently.

"The viewing screen awakens!" Il'Gamon cries in his scratchy voice. 

Annoyedly Trace konks him on the head and says, "Shhhh be quiet! If mom hears you, there's no way I could keep her from casting you into oblivion."

Il'Gamon's glare switches to profound fear as he recalls Trace's explanation that he came from the beings known as Mom and that she brought him into this world and could take him out of it too. Though he suspected this may simply be a threat she used to intimidate Trace, after seeing his abilities Il'Gamon is too unwilling to risk offending someone of higher standing in a such a bloodline.
Though Il'Gamon is a low level demon his understanding of worldly hierarchies is generally firm, so he felt he was making the right call by being as inconspicuous as possible.

"Forgive my insolence young lord," Il'Gamon replied in a low whisper and a frightened demeanor.

Before Il'Gamon could continue to see if he was convinced a blazing world tore through the screen almost making him yelp in surprise. While he managed to supress his awe he began to study everything he saw.

'Immaculate, this is too unbelievable. To think a low ranked demon such as myself would come onto such great luck!' Il'Gamon had no misgivings about Trace or suspicions as information Trace told him revealed something more terrifying to him. He'd heard from Trace himself that he could not create the tool only use it. This in and of itself meant to Il'Gamon that a masterful equipment forger made these with heavenly skill.

'I am nore than willing to remain as his familiar for a century if it means that I can gain such enlightenment!' Il'Gamon thought resolutely as he watched Trace fly about on screen raining death on his opponents with ruthless efficacy. 'He can sweep realms in the blink of an eye, even in death he is not defeated, and most terrifying of all he seems to be able to shift realms at the expense of little to no energy. How could a human possibly craft such a tool? Heavens, we demonkind must catch up of we are to compete with humans'

He had in fact made an agreement with Trace for what he believed to be miniscule, a simple 100 years is nothing to a demon. Sadly, this was done in hopes of learning his techniques and having the chance to advance in the demonic realm. 

'Humans who can use these tools can essentially become Gods among men, what of a demon? Will I become a true Devil?'

The days went on and Trace engrossed his familiar in worlds beyond his belief and satisfying blood shed. Gradually he realized Il'Gamon truly had no idea what he had gotten himself into and throwing caution to the wind he decided to keep him around permanently. His abilities and knowledge proving useful to Trace, while Il'Gamon went on mistakenly focused in the games. His mind given to the illusions and soon his soul was so enrapt even if Trace revealed the truth he would not believe it, furthermore he would even suspect Trace of attempting to rid himself of his dedicated follower. 

