Johnny looked into his doctor's eyes and hoped that the kind doctor was joking. But Dr Peter just sat there, his intense eyes fixed upon Johnny. It made Johnny shift uncomfortably in his seat.

"Look, I am really glad that the hospital chose to help me, and I am more than happy to beat the shit out of whoever that is living for you, but this is just a joke," Johnny stood up and headed for the door.

"So, her name is Sally, right?"

The name made Johnny froze in his steps. He turned to see the doctor flipping through a stack of files. A file that he was too familiar with. The file of his daughter. 

“Yes.” Johnny felt his muscles tensing. 

Dr Peter rose to his feet and walked slowly towards Johnny. His eyes stayed fixed on the file, flipping one page by one page. 

“Says here that her disease is incurable, that she was given less than a year to live.”

Johnny stood there, his fists clenched. If he wanted, he could just knock the doctor down right there and then, and the doctor would not even know what hit him. Instead, Johnny just shut his eyes and took a deep breath.

“But ever since coming to our hospital, she has been showing signs of progress. And there-“

“-seems to be no scientific explanation for it.” Johnny completed the doctor’s sentence. It was a sentence that he heard too many times. He pictured Sally in his mind, just six months ago. Weak and frail, barely able to breathe. None of the doctors knew what was wrong with her. She went through all the tests, scans and every single thing the doctors could think of, but nothing helped. 

All the doctors knew were that her organs were rapidly regressing, to the point that if nothing changed, her body would simply cease functioning. She was just five years old, too young to die. Johnny tried everything, exhausting his savings in the process, but nothing changed. His little angel only got worse. It pained Johnny to see the colour drained from her face, her smile replaced with sunken cheeks.

It seemed all lost to Johnny, until a friend recommended the Hospital of the Mindful Healing (HMH). An unconventional choice, as he friend put it. HMH was a private psychiatry-based hospital that claims to be able to heal diseases not explained by science. Even though he thought that the entire idea was bullshit, HMH was his final resort. Johnny was desperate. It was his final gamble.

Being almost penniless by then, having used up almost all his money to cure Sally, Johnny begged the hospital to take in Sally. He promised to do anything for them, even to the extent of using his own life as a collateral.

“I will do anything,” He pleaded at Dr Peter’s feet. The hospital eventually agreed, and six months later, Sally was like any five-year-old child. Loud, obnoxious but most importantly, alive. Johnny thought that the hospital would want to use his name to promote their brand, and he was more than willing to do it. After all, a three-time international UFC champion's name has got to carry some weight.

He was expecting Dr Peter to request that when he summoned into the doctor’s office. The last thing he imagined was to be asked to fight a ghost. It felt like a sick joke, what the hospital asked.

“Do you want to know why we are able to cure your daughter, Mr Davis?” Dr Peter asked.

Johnny shook his head. 

“Well, her problem was not of a scientific one, but rather…” Dr Peter scratched his chin, trying to find the correct word. “Something that is out of this world." 

"Our treatment methods are based on what people call the supernatural, if I am allowed to use that word.”

Johnny raised an eyebrow at the doctor. Dr Peter looked no different from all the other doctors he had visited, with his white robe and stethoscope hanging around his neck, certainly not someone Johnny expect to be associated with all the unknown. “And the ghost has something to do with it?”

“Yes,” Dr Peter answered. “The reason why we agreed to treat your daughter, Sally, was because we knew we would need your assistance with this issue that we’re having.”

Dr Peter placed Sally’s file on his desk and took out another file. A big red stamp ran across the file’s cover. He then passed it to Johnny. “This is not something you can choose, Mr Davis. We need your help for this case.”

Johnny’s hand reluctantly reached for the file. He thought of Sally, waiting for him at home, and sighed. “Fine, I will do it.”

---------

*Made some edits to make the story flow better. I write at /r/dori_tales*