"Humanity is a good generalization of the Milky Way's civilizations. Large cities, high-volume transport networks, and an early history of pollution, just about the perfect average of the four million advanced civilizations in the galaxy."

"A single thing sets them apart from the rest of the Galactic Assembly. It's the same thing which got them removed as a member of the GA, the most notable aspect of their existence and perhaps the most impressive part of their advancement into a spacefaring civilization. Humans are notoriously impatient and unwilling to accept limitation, even at their own cost. This is why it is imperative we contact them once more to aid us- "

Senator Chal'Ul of the Blackworld was the first to speak at the Emergency Assembly that day, in hopes of persuading the assembly to reinvite Humanity to their ranks. He was interrupted before he could finish his proposal.

"Senator, you do not lend enough credit to the Assembly. We did not remove them for their *impatience*," Enforcer Balg spat, "they were removed due to their experimentation with magnetars. They were, and remain as, a threat to the already tense regions in the galactic bulge."

"You are correct, Enforcer, but we must let the esteemed Senator finish their proposal," the Overseer of the meeting demanded. 

"Thank you, Overseer. I shall start with my next point. Their experimentation is the very reason we must bring them under the watchful eye of the Assembly. Are you aware, Senators and Enforcers, of Humanity's experiments with Vacuum Collapse?" Chal'Ul continued, to gasps of horror from his audience.

"It appears you have not. Before I proceed, I must make it abundantly clear that this is no longer a threat; humanity has contained the collapse. Their creation of an artificial vacuum collapse was careless but yielded immense knowledge. It is as the first detonation of a nuclear weapon, a turning point in history."

"You mean to tell us they have controlled a vacuum collapse? Are you aware of how?" The Overseer questioned.

"From what I have heard and understood from my advisors, a quasiparticle field was used to create infinite spatial density around the collapse, preventing the collapse from reaching the uncontaminated spacetime outside of the bubble. Beyond that, I'm afraid the conversation was largely technical, and far beyond my own comprehension."

"We shall bring in an expert for the next meeting, then."

"There are only two such experts in the galaxy. I am sure you can guess to whom they belong. To humanity, and to the Aldress."

"The Aldress have this knowledge?!" 

"Yes, Overseer. This is my final point. The Aldress have discovered how to control spacetime in equal measures to humanity. None of the worlds represented here are willing to so irresponsibly pervert their own homes. We must bring Humanity back within our grasp to combat the Aldress Forces."

"Despite their lack of respect for the natural order of things, and disregard for the Galactic Safeguards, it appears necessary. Thank you for bringing this to our attention, Senator. I shall send them a summons immediately."

The Aldress were not a race of living beings. They were a complete perversion of sentience, a hivemind of artificial intelligence without regard for murder and respect for the galaxy. Almost a quarter of the galaxy had been wiped out in a matter of years by their efforts. Whole celestial systems had been fed to black holes in studies of information conversion. 

Everything the Galactic Assembly knew about the Aldress came from implications. There had never been direct contact with the Aldress, and every attempt made to contact them was met with resistance and death. 

At this point, it was madness to attempt any contact with them. Fortunately, there was a relatively friendly (if disobedient) and equally insane race willing to do the madness for them.

**Months later, aboard a human experimental vessel**

"Experimental Vessel Jekyll checking in. Have we got Hyde sector surrounded?"

"Yep. Ready to show the Galactic Assembly why we kept studying these "evil fields of science"?

"Hell yeah. I remember hearing the news that we'd been kicked out. Pissed me right off. I mean, we had a legitimate reason for research into the false vacuum. What if one occured naturally? What if another, actually evil civilization decided they'd like to wipe out the Universe?"

"That was my line of thought too! In fact, I think that's what all of humankind agrees on! It makes me sad that the GA doesn't understand our Jekyll and Hyde reference. We really are the good guys here."

"Damn straight. Have we got our bubble nucleator primed?"

A third voice came over the communicator. "Have I ever failed you before?"

The three laughed together for a moment. 

"No, you haven't. You ready to drop it and get out of there?" 

"You bet your mother I am. I've been dodging all sorts of weird crap from these Aldress bastards. Not sure what it would do to me, but I don't wanna find out. Y'all got that space densifier thingamajig armed?"

"We did our job too, man. None of that vacuum is gonna leak, but the longer we take, the more quasipressure we're gonna experience. Let's wrap this up, fellas."

"Gotcha. Just dropped it, and I'm currently in hyperspace on my way to you."

"Sounds good. Wanna hop over to Mars for a bit and enjoy the glory?"

"Nah, Jupiter. The High Council wants us back ASAP, some Galactic Assembly shit this time. I think it's an award ceremony for wiping the Aldress out."

"Not bad for a Monday afternoon."