Do not look to death. That would be a bad idea, because I know where the dead are, and what they feel, and how they yearn, and how they plead, and how they want nothing but the fraction of warmth and light that is the living universe.
Some of them have been there for millions of years. Animal intelligences, relics of species long since rendered extinct, still trying to speak to me in voices unheard for aeons, and in the bellows and squeaks and grunts of whatever base communication they once had. But I know from the plaintive calls of a thousand different human languages that everything, everything, wants the same thing. To come back.


Do you know how many languages I can recognise now? I can hear the tiniest morsel of any human tongue ever spoken and point you directly to any civilisation, living or dead. I can tell you what it sounds like to be a frightened and confused reptile from five hundred million years ago. I can tell you from the chittering of a panicked set of mandibles what it is like to be a single, solitary ant, a creature that lived and died in a vast colony of ants, alone, in the endless universe that exists just out of reach of our own. I can tell you the sound of my grandmother begging for understanding. I can tell you the sound of a baby crying in eternal and inconsolable confusion.


And, as of last night, I can tell you about my wife. 


She cries out for me. For her mother, who can see me too and entreats me, every second since it happened, to let me speak to her daughter. I can't. If I let them know that I can hear them, a trillion lost souls will pour into my mind and overwhelm it. A trillion insects, mammals, animals of all kind, all lost in the horror of infinite blackness, will tear into the tiny spark of light that is my consciousness and the link it provides, the very second I reach out to any one of them. So instead I hear my love, my dearest, my soul, cry and beg from the black beyond. One day I will join them in their eternal despair. We all will. 

There might be other people like me in the world. I hope not, for their sake. Our universe and the universe of the dead - in all its black, unchanging, inescapable vileness - unite in, I hope, one way only. Me. That is, unless I can find a way to release them. 