As I shut the door, I reached down to lock it, but stopped, chuckling to myself.  All this time and I still have that instinct, I suppose.  But we don't need locks now.  They don't even manufacture locks anymore.  I walked down the steps, turning away from my car at the last moment.  I'll get some fresh air.  

This used to be a bad part of town.  Not the sort of place you could raise a family.  Now the graffiti is gone, the scattered needles just a memory.  I passed by a well-groomed man in a suit and tie, on his way home from work.  We chatted pleasantly for a bit, then continued on our way.  He used to panhandle on this corner, hopelessly drug addicted and degenerate, in and out of jail.  But that was before the President had come along.  Now the jails are empty. 

We all resisted him at first.  They fought against him.  I fought against him.  I was scared of the change he would bring.  I shook my head.  In a life full of regrets, standing against the President was my crowning shame.  But that was all over now, and he had made it clear that there were no hard feelings.  Change is always frightening, he had said, it's natural to be scared of something new.

I picked up milk and a loaf of bread at the corner store, walking past where the register had sat, when we still needed money, and headed for home.

I was halfway home when a disheveled man ran up to me, babbling.  "I need help!" he cried.  I frowned at his appearance.  Stubbled face, wrinkled clothes.  The poor creature.  I put a reassuring hand on his shoulder.  "Take it easy, of course I'll help you!"

He seemed to calm down some.

"You missed your dose didn't you?  Don't worry, I've got a spare," I said.

He became agitated again.  "The doses don't work for me anymore!" he said, "I've tried and tried, but they don't work!  I can't stand it like this.  I need things to be okay again!"

By now enforcers had arrived, walking up in their impeccable blue uniforms.  "What's going on here?" they asked.  I explained.  "Dosage resistant huh?  That's a shame."

"Can you guys help me?" he asked.  "Please I just... I just want to be like you again.  I don't want to be like this anymore!"

"Don't you worry about a thing.  Everything is going to be all right," one of the men said, as his partner shot the man in the back of the head.  They loaded the body into the back of the car, and returned with a hose attachment.

"Wait!" I said.  They stopped, and I pulled out my camera, zooming in on the crimson spatter on the pavement, and taking a picture.  "See?"  I showed them the camera.  "I didn't want such a masterpiece to go unrecognized."

"Why, that's beautiful!" One of them exclaimed.

"Looks like a Jackson Pollock.  You should frame it," said the other.

"I might do that."  I smiled.  "See, it's important to find beauty in the little things in life."

The triggerman smiled back.  "I like the way you think.  Well, we won't keep you any longer."

They sprayed away the gore and drove away, and it was as if the poor wretched man had never been there at all.

I walked away, unable to resist whistling as I did.  Another wonderful day.  Things really have never been better.

