My name is Jigsaw. I am the greatest puzzle master of my time, and today I will be facing David Blaine... Or is it Blayne? Blane? I don't know. That's all my producers told me.

You see, last year I was contacted by this TV company that wanted to start a show featuring the "greatest of the 21st century." Masters from their respective art come together in "epic duels" (which aren't that epic, from what I've seen) to see who is the TRUE master. There's a catch though... These duels, or challenges, have absolutely nothing to do with what the contestants thrive at. Last week it was a ballerina and a skydiver in a poker competition; the week before, our President and the Queen of England went head to head in a game of lacrosse. This week, I'll be going up against David Blain. Bulain? Maybe it was Bulain. 

As I walked into the arena, massive camera lights blared into my eyes. A team of people guided me past the harsh lighting and camera crews to a "prep area." A few moments later, my eyes finally came into focus. "What the fuck...." 

We were in an ice skating arena. Shit. I can't skate for shit.

They put these clunky brown boots on my feet, reminiscent of the rentals they give you at roller skating rinks. Not that I ever roller skated, mind you... I manned the "Rock and Rollers Skate Center's" concession stand throughout high school. 

A few girls from the team helped me up and walked me over to the ice, but once I got to the boards, they let me go. Standing in skates alone isn't easy. Ice skating? Near impossible. "What do I think I'm doing..."

My producer appeared from behind me. "Hey J!" He was all smiles. I did not reciprocate the joy. 

"What's the plan Larry?" 

"Well J, today we have a special duel planned! You'll be battling David, our other contestant, in an ice skating competition!"

"Thanks Sherlock. I gathered that from the sheet of fucking ice in front of me. What the hell does David Plane do anyways."

"David? He's a magician. Not exactly a figure skating champion, so it'll be a fair playing field! That's how this show works, after all."

A magician. I could beat a parlor trick connoisseur any day. 

My producer continues, "First we will show you both a video of a skating routine, and you'll be expected to replicate it as best you can. The winner will be decided by call in votes. David has already seen the video and will be going up before you. If you want to watch him before you get started, you're more than welcomed to." 

Out of the corner of my eye, I see a disheveled looking man step onto the ice. Swan Lake starts playing, and he shakily starts skating to the music. I almost felt bad for the guy... "This whole show is just meant to humiliate people," I thought to myself. 

And then he did a triple axel.

"Who the fuck is this David Stain?!"