 I walked into the living room, morning sunlight was piercing the room through the glass door, causing a beautiful light show against what was left of my stale pot smoke from the night before. The room was ablaze with colors, patterns and designs, that seemed to shift as the cloud circulated around itself in the room. I took a deep breath and let it out. Today was going to be a day worth remembering, It felt strange, even in the familiar atmosphere of my one room apartment. That was when I got the call.   
I checked the Caller ID and saw my good friend's face staring back at me. "Hey. What's up with you? I haven't heard from you since I moved to Colorado.." I chuckled into the microphone.   
"Hey. I..." Justin got out, before pausing to rethink his approach. I could hear the words sticking in his throat and my mind started with the first possibility.   
"Are you and Cassidy okay?" I asked him, quietly.  
"Yeah. We're fine. But... Fuck, I don't know if I even believe it man..." My strong friend began to cry on the phone as if he was 3 years old again. My mind raced, and the suspense exploded.  
"I'm sorry, I don't mean to be rude, but... You called to tell me something, so please do." I said, softly, hoping to mask the sharpness of the comment.  
"Jacob is dead. He was shot last night at a club." The words echoed around my brain for what felt like hours before I heard Justin's crying again.  
"I... I think I need to go." I muttered the words, almost too softly for him to hear. I dropped the phone out of my shaking hands and in a haze, I fell backwards towards my couch. I collapsed, eyes closed, unable to process the information I had been given.  
A familiar voice caused my eyelids to open faster than the shopping mall on black Friday. I shot up in my seat and there he was looking right back at me, Death.  
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  
"Good, you made it!" A beautiful man with a wickedly white smile locked eyes with me. "I didn't mean to take you so soon after you found out, but we've been waiting for you to get the news down here all night!"   
I couldn't look away from the figure. He seemed to put me into a trance. Familiar, yet I knew I had never met him before, I could only place one name to the face, and that name terrified me. I blinked, then again, and the trance was weakened. I shifted my eyes away from the man and found one more to being to his right.   
Glowing with the light of an angel, the man reached out a hand. "Hi. I'm the devil." I nodded, reaching out to take his hand. We shook and I blinked again.   
"What.. What am I doing here? Am I dead too?" I asked the first man.  
"You may be soon, but you may not be." The man said simply, then with a smirk he added "But if you decide you would rather be, I'm always right behind you."   
Shivers ran down my spine.  
"You are here," The man continued, "because your friend was given a choice, and he chose a two vs two challenge for his life, or yours." I looked around the dark room we were in. My eyes adjusted to the bright angelic glow that seemed to evaporate into the darkness of the walls around us. The beautiful man looked to my left, and I looked to find Jacob, seated next to me, a pale smile on his face.   
I leaped from my chair to wrap my arms around the scared boy. Holding him tightly, I whispered "I know you didn't know they were going to put my life in danger. It's not your style." I smiled, as I leaned back, looking him in his beautiful, horrified eyes. They had scared him to death, and hopefully back. I sighed and turned my attention back to Death.   
He gave me a knowing smile and before I could say a word, "Yes. I do believe that Satan here, has had some fun with your friend already. I can fix him, but you will be at a disadvantage in this game if I do." He said, the words, dancing off his tongue like licks of flame against the dingy darkness of the room. I assumed it was a room, but I couldn't see anything besides the table and the chairs around it.  
"What game are we playing?" I asked, staring at the table, deep in thought.  
"I believe that dear Jacob here chose a game of bridge. It may be a bit hard to win at bridge if your partner is in a slump though. Let me fix him for you and we can play." Death responded, clearly hoping to get the better of me before the game began.   
I shook my head. "I think I can fix him myself..." A pause, then a deep breathe. "Fuck it, I'm already dead... Sorta?" I turned to my friend, who turned to look back at me. There was undeniable fear etched into his beautiful eyes. I took his hand in mine, and watched the fear slightly recede. Good, this might just work. And if not, it was well overdue anyways. In one fluid motion, my lips met his. His eyes fluttered shut as his body lost its tension. He kissed me back and my heart turned into butterflies.   
"AHEM!" Satan interceded. "I am pro-LGBT, I created them after all, but you guys are just fucking ridiculous. I came to play a game."   
I pulled away gently from the boy who stole my heart before and after death, and turned to face Death. With a nod, a faint smile, and a single tear rolling down his cheek, Death snapped his fingers.  
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  
I was sitting on my couch again. The smoke had cleared and the room was quiet. Taken aback, I blinked until my eyes readjusted to the brightness of the colorful apartment. My heart sank into the abyss of my sadness as I pieced together that the brief glimpse at Death and Satan's games was nothing more than yet another depressive episode, turned into a vivid dream. My hands reached for my face, but only found streams of tears. "I miss you already, friend." I heard myself whisper through my sobs. My phone lay shattered at my feet. My heart lay shattered in my hands.   


&#x200B;

&#x200B;

"You don't have to miss me." Jacob's voice echoed softly in my ear as a hand found a spot on my back. I looked up and he was there. "Thank you." He smiled at me, tears streaming down his face as well. "Only Love can surpass Death. That was why I chose you."  