Exhausted, I drop my shield and crumple to a heap on the ground. I'm completely drained. My side hurts from the bite I took from a snake I had to burn alive; the thing just wouldn't die, and the owner of the house was desperate. We formulated a plan to trick it, to force it outside; I was waiting with the makeshift flamethrower I'd cobbled together the night before.

That snake put up a fight, but that was the 15th round of 16 rounds; some were harder than the rest, to be sure, but this fight with the snake was a doozy. The fourth round saw me go against a horde of rats; I'd cleaned them out of a house that once belonged to an extreme hoarder. Easily the most disgusting thing I ever had to do as the neighbourhood pest control guy. I relived everything about that house; the smell, the mounds of garbage everywhere, the caked-on grime on the walls... the whole bit. When those rats came at me in full force, the PTSD I never knew I even had came for me. I barely survived that round.

Round eight was equally as terrifying: wasps. A stubborn nest that had been built up for literally years at the side of a house - somehow five owners never even saw it - was, at the time, the biggest thing I'd run into. I called for backup. It was as if the wasps were expert tacticians, keeping one step ahead of my partner and I in a game of survival of the fittest. It took us four days to conquer the wasps; the family had to stay out of the house for a week afterward due to the sheer amount of fumigation that was needed.

By round thirteen, I wasn't sure I was going to win it all. But here I am, round sixteen, yet to face my biggest challenge. Everything hurts. My vision is getting blurry. My legs won't work. My shield feels like the heaviest thing in the world. If I win, glory awaits in the skies. If I lose... the fires of Hell are my consolation prize.

A buzzer sounds, signifying that the rest period is over. I've battled the most fearsome creatures of my career as an exterminator... what could possibly be next?

The door at the other end of the arena opens, and for a hushed moment, nothing comes out. A rumble emits from the darkness beyond. I pick up my shield and take out my battered sword, ready for anything.

Then it comes: line by line, a legion of Asian long-horned beetles. My immediate thought is one of triumph: while certainly annoying, these beetles aren't very harmful in terms of defending themselves. I laugh at the fallibility of my foes; this will be easy.

But my triumph quickly turns to shock when the beetles suddenly grow in size, develop razor-sharp blades on their limbs, and sprout menacing-looking gun turrets from their backs. The first wave faces me from the other end of the arena, poised to attack. All I have is a sword and shield. That won't be enough.

"Would you like to change your weapon load out, sir?"

The voice came from the loudspeaker behind me. I turn around abruptly, and see a spread of various weapons laid out on a table: guns, crossbows, various blades, and other explosive weapons. I drop my sword and shield and grab an armful of grenades, turning back to face the giant beetles and dropping them at my feet. I pull the pin on one of the grenades, and an evil grin flashes across my face.

If I'm going down, I'm going down in a blaze of glory.