Ugh, today was such a ball ache. I was tasked with watching over the ventriloquist, he’s harmless I know but just such a pain to watch over. 

I rocked up at about 9, Karen took my parking spot again so I had to improvise and ram the car by the gate and disabled spots again. Finally got to my station to see the shifts had changed so I was doing an all day with him which is just my luck on today of all days, sometimes I think the guys just enjoy giving me the crap shifts

I finally make may way to his cell and get comfy in the observation chamber, it’s not so bad in there, there’s a coffee machine that actually works, the office chair has all six wheels and the PC has good connection so you can browse

The second you enter the observation chamber with him though... you get that unease of him penetrating your head, eye context is not recommended but you know you just can’t help it; you feel a stranger looking at you out of the corner of your third eye and you just glance at them, whenever you look at him though his stare deepens and he tilts his head slightly, his porcelain skin shifting as the light hits it differently, just not what you need first thing in the morning before your coffee

The morning dragged on, I was reading the paper and keeping my eyes busy on other things, today was fire alarm test day but I hadn’t heard it go off yet,.. which is strange; it was knocking on for 11 by this point. Suddenly I heard footsteps rush to the room, I turned my head expecting someone to enter but there was nothing, I let out a little laugh ‘here we go’ I remember proclaiming; looking back at my paper

The lights began to flicker, the power has never been an issue in the building, and yet... I could feel him staring at me still, never distracted and just penetrating deeper into my mind. I started to feel a little uneasy I had to release my grip on the paper a couple of times. That’s when I realised there was no sound. No footsteps, no humming from the PC, I couldn’t even hear my own breath... I wiggles the paper in my hands to make a loud noise, I could just about hear it, then suddenly the fire alarm goes off, loudest thing is ever heard, scared the absolute shit out of me, I looked that prick straight in the eye and flipped him off. 

He just sat there, on his little chair; vacantly staring at me, the worst thing about this shift is you can’t leave for lunch, I brought my own but eating it is always touch and go with him. One second you’ll be eating your sandwich and the next it will be your ex own hands.. and yes; that is from experience. He left me alone for lunch though that time, I would say he was being generous but I’m a bit wiser than that now

The day was dragging, home time at 4... it was knocking on for 3 and I was all out of material to browse on Facebook, I started to get a little hazy, you know how sitting in a chair for hours gets you like, so I got up, stretched my legs a bit. I went over to the door just to see who was out in the corridor; it was locked. It shouldn’t be locked; suddenly the lights shut off and the emergency backup comes on, red light filled the room as it pulsated around like a tiny, terrifying lighthouse on the ceiling, I cast my eyes into the containment room; with each swell of red I can see on thing... the chair. 

I jumped over to the PC to check the containment room and it too had died on me, slightly unsure as to what to do I glance around the room to see if there’s anything I can get the door open with if it came to that and I’m greeted with him. Sat in my chair which was now across the room in the corner, I must have pushed it a little hard on my way to the PC, he’s just staring at me, in the room with me now and I know his file, I know he killed that family a couple of decades ago, I also know he has no observations of moving by himself

We stare at each other, I’m basically frozen with fear at this point, the red light swelling across his glossed eyes as they lock with mine, seconds felt like minutes as my brain was trying to figure out what to do... my concentration is interrupted by the door handle creaking open. The whole events of today rifle through my head as it does, I’m not ready to die today?!

The door swing open sharply and light floods the room, I stagger backwards into the desk and cover my eyes, when I wipe them again, Carl is stood in the doorway. ‘4 o clock mate, you’re all done’ the fluorescent lights beaming down into my face cause me to squint a little, dazed I barely respond. ‘He fairly active today then?’ Car said with a little unease. ‘Yeah mate, he’s been fucking with me all afternoon, enjoy the evening shift won’t you’

I know I should transfer out of that unit but the researchers are paying us basically triple for our experiences with that thing, I know it can’t hurt me, it’s just a doll. But my god; it’s not fun to be around. 