

        The hallway to the kitchen felt hot. Damn it, too hot. Did I leave the stove on? No. I didn't cook anything. Those were the thoughts I had rambling through my mind when something, I don't know? Twisted? A mirrored fun house wall that spins like a secret rotating scooby doo fireplace. If it turned faster than you could blink. And made you want to vomit.

	Other worldly, terror inducing screams lifted me from the ground catching my breath in my throat. Before my eyes had adjusted to that glassy like blur heat throws from asphalt I heard footfalls in full sprint. I was grateful they were moving away from me. Something thudded to the floor. It might have been me. As my eyes adjusted all sound faded to background. I could hear myself breath and the screaming seemed a world away. It was the ones doing the screaming I focused on. Three of the most nightmarish creatures a horror moguls mind could conceive were fleeing almost over top one another. I was doing my best not to hyperventilate. The three things scrambled into a nearby room slamming the door. 

	"I told you we shouldn't have touched it!" "I didn't think it would actually work." "Well why wouldn't it, it's my goddamned fathers isn't it?" "What are we going to do?" "It's in your house, it's in your house, it's in your friggin house Brim." "Shut up that isn't helping." "Are we screwed here?" "Can we kill it?" "Shit, can it kill us?" "Will it?" "How am I supposed to know?" "It was his stupid ass I idea." "I don't know anything about them."

	Their voices reminded me of the lollipop guild members from the Wizard of Oz. If you were to set them on fire burn them to death and then resurrect them as charred corpses. They all sounded as panicked as I felt. Almost. I was just glad I hadn't literally shit or pissed myself yet. I tried to convince myself I was insane and having an episode. The house I now stood in was made of burnt stone. It appeared as though it was all carved out of a single block with tools born of fire. It wasn't quite coal but nearly as black. I could smell the acrid sulphurous blend of a self categorized stench. I equated it to the inside of a gun barrel if the bullet just fired from it was made of shit. There was a wooden board at least six inches thick with intricate carvings surrounding it's border on the floor to my right foot. Perhaps that was the thud I heard and it wasn't me after all I thought. Which made me start laughing hysterically. The pedal to crazy town was officially floored. The stone furniture that seemed to make this a living room of sorts could double nicely as torture devices. Or sacrificial altars. That thought made me stop laughing.

	"Shhhhh. Shut it. Shut up!" "You fuckin Angels." "Listen!" "What is that?" "Is that the human?" "Who else is in my living room Malphy?" "Of course it's it.""Is it talking?" "It sounds like it,  it's laughing?" "It finds this funny?" Oh my devil, oh my devil, oh my devil, we're dead, we're dead we're dead." "SHUT UP Beazle.""It'll hear you." "It stopped." "Shhh." "Listen."

	In the silence I imagined them all pressing their hearing parts against that flat stone door. As I stared at the door I took in more of the monster house. As much as my statuesque fear paralysis allowed. If this was a living room it had to be one of many. The immensity of this charred palace dawned on me. The corridors and stairs that led away from the room I was in sometimes grew too dark to see any further down. The ceilings were at least thirty feet high. That must have been an awfully big block. 

	"It's laughing again guys." "What are we going to do Brim?" "Can you call your dad?" "Oh right, yeah sweet." "Let's play with the realm board Brim." "Let's call forth a human Brim." "We'll just look at him and send him back Brim.""We'll just put the board back in the same spot Brim." "Bless your tether Malphy this was all your heavenly idea." "We have to get rid of this skinbag before my dad finds out." "Are you? Are you crying?" "Malphy slap that stump head will you?" "It's stopped again." "Beazle go out there and breath fire on it." "No fri friggin way Malphy." "You got us in to this mess just like all the others." "Well I can't breath fire now can I angel." "Don't call me that..  Jesus." 

      The other two, Malphy and Brim both gasped with the mention of Jesus. So I am in hell? It's real? Heavens real? Jesus? God? Angels? The Devil? Oh god, oh god, oh god, oh god, oh god. I need to get out of here. Now. Still paralyzed. Shit. Ok,ok,ok. Did I die? No. They are panicked because they did this. They are just as afraid of me no fuck that one of them can breathe fire. They mentioned sending me back. They don't want me here. They mentioned killing me. Twice. Brims dad is probably The Devil. Alright. I can wait for them to screw up courage enough in Beazel to roast me or talk. Burn to death or talk. Time to open a dialogue. Man I was sweaty. It's really getting hot in here. Ok, three deep breaths. I wanted to address Brim as this was his fathers hell fortress. "Hello?" I managed to say. And what was supposed to be Brim came out as projectile vomit. I was again aware I still had not moved. Still paralyzed, only now with a smattering of vomit. Attempt number two. Louder now so they hear me. "Hello? Brim? My name is Gord and I would like to go home now." 

      One of them screamed really loud.

      "You know you can't say that name Be.. "Aaaaarrrhhhhggghhh!" "It said my name.""It knows my name." "How does it know my name?" "Has it heard everything we said?" "It knows my name too then." "How can it understand.. oh no." "Oh no?!" "Oh no what Brim?" "My father held the last set of realm meetings here." "The translation spell is still tethered to this floor." "Shouldn't we stop talking or lower our voices at least?" "Shut up Beazel." "You shut it Malphy." "It wouldn't matter." "The spell is thought based so non physical beings and entities can participate." "It ignores inner dialogue." "Did it say it's name was board?" "It said it wanted to go home." "Can we do that?" 
"Umm guys?" 

Synchronized screaming.

"My name's not board, it's Gord." "With a g like G..Garnet." 

I almost said God. I'm most likely about to die.

"Brim, Beazel, Malphy. Listen to me. My name is Gord and I need you, scratch that, you need to as much as I do, come out here and talk to me." "Before your father comes home."

One of them started crying. I was betting on Beazel.
The stone door swung slowly open on the devil only knows what type of hinges.

                                              To be continued.











