"Hey, there fellow window climber." I tried to seem casual to this woman who was climbing down a rope improvised from bed sheets.

"Be quiet, someone could hear you, shut up and climb down" she was mad, not sure if at me or projecting the fury she had stored for someone else. 

"Okay geez," I said my feelings hurt a bit.

The moon shone on the rocky wall of the villa, the vineyards around the house were now an ocean of shadows, and this made the whole situation I was in pale in comparison with the beauty of nature. Why was I escaping my wedding, paid for by my dad, in this beautiful site, after being flown to the country loved so much by the Mideteranena Sea? Well because I was coerced into it by my dad. One day he called me out of the blue, I was out of class chatting with other freshmen, the conversation was short and surprising, at least to me. Next thing I know, I am in a black limo, with a black muscular guy beside me glaring with an expression that made it clear that no one fucks with him. 7 hours later I wake up in Italy. Then 23 hours later I take the bedsheets from my room and create a rope. As I ran all this in my mind, I managed to climb all the way down.

"Hey, lady, who are you?" I asked  

" Your not so future wife dummy" she looked at me with incredulous eyes 

"Damn maybe I need to climb back up" I am bad at picking up social clues

"In your dreams buddy, but wait why are you running away" she glared at me.

"Well, first I despise the institution of marriage and think bad of it, and second I don't want to be forced into marriage, by my dad, that's the life scenario of a loser, this is even worse than living in your parent's basement at 40," I answered 

"Blah blah blah, you could have simply said that you are a loser, but anyways, see ya, actually no, goodbye." she wasn't into me I guessed.

"Wait up, I don't know shit about this whole situation can you explain what is up" 

"Got no time for that," she said and started walking away.

Women with character are my curse in this life, I know that I can't attract them but damn do they attract me, so I followed her. 

"Dude, stop following me," she said

"Can't-do," I said

" What, your momma never taught you how to be independent?" irony.

"Come on" 

"I don't own you shit buddy, listen, this whole situation is an arranged marriage, what is there not to get, someone wants you to marry someone and you don't always want to do the same thing, ta-da" she was really riled up 

"Okay, I get it" 

"Then leave me alone" 

I left her because you have to let go of a lot of things in life. No there was a simple problem, where do I ? Or how many Italians speak English? Still this sensation of being lost as better than having somebody else take responsibility for my life.    

     