*... .-.. .. - / .... .. ... / - .... .-. --- .- - / .- -. -.. / -.. .-. .. -. -.- / - .... . / -... .-.. --- --- -..* My jaw tapped out to me.

"Holy hell calm down dude" I muttered to myself. 

"Who are you talking too?" Ph.D. Pollen demanded. 

"None of your business, *Bee Brains*," I said answered.

The yellow coated professor burst out laughing. The sound of his giggling muffled by the voice changer in his gas mask. His fake mandibles slowly stopped wiggling as he regained his breath. 

"You must be new kid," he said over the sound of the laboratory alarm "This isn't some Hanna-Barbera cartoon,"

"You are actually dressed as a bee," I said, hand pointed at the fake antennas "I mean, what's even the point of th-"

He lobbed a canister at my head. The sound of metal unlocking. Shattered glass and pure honey exploded in all directions from it. Warmblood leaked across my cheek. The sticky honey covering my head began to harden.

"Stay out of my way," the villain said, placing a gloved hand on my chest pushing me to the floor.

I scrambled to scrape the honey off. My lungs began to burn. 

*..- ... . .-.. . ... ...* My teeth clicked out.

I felt my arm go limp. Through a filter of crystallized yellow, I could see the bone of my forearm reaching out of my ripped skin. Out-stretched skeletal fingers grabbed Pollen's ankle. 

"WAIT WHAT" He screamed out, looking down at my mutilated arm.

I kept casting *numb* gripping the torn flesh tight. The bone twisted sharply. My shoulder dislocated. The skeletons arm snapped the professor's ankle with ease. My head went light. *Bleeding out and choking on honey isn't the worst way to go* I thought, darkness ebbing into my vision. 

A hole in the honey, torn right from where my mouth was. I took hard deep breaths. The sappy substance still distorted my vision. It took me a few breaths to realize I was standing. My boney hand was covered in the honey and blood. With my other, I started scraping at the honey across my eyes. The skin on my face felt something like molasses. After what felt like hours I tore the last chunk off. The first color I saw after yellow was red, dark red streaked across the lab table I had been leaning on. 

*You owe me one*, written across the damaged white table.

(I love the idea of a Spiderman-type wizard superhero, the necromancer aspect makes it even better)