Relatively new writer, so constructive criticism is highly appreciated.

---

She'd been a PhD student when she first met him. A bearded, long haired bear of man with mad sparkle in his eye, he laughed at life with an intensity that left her breathless. There was a certain flair around him that made life seem magical, opening her eyes to hidden wonders of the mundane.

She met him when dancing, at a fair, a happy accident when dragged along by friends in a ridiculous costume. He'd charmed her with his wit, teaching her about the changing meanings of some of her favourite phrases, and bantered mercilessly about accidental entendres. 

Turned out, he had gotten a doctorate in the history of language, studying the changing meaning of common words. In addition to that, he'd worked on constructed languages for several books, only one which reported some degree of success. So when she tried to up her game and start flirting, she found herself entirely outclassed.

Silverbrow, as she started calling him, took to her, attempting to teach her to see the world through his eyes. He took her all over the place, to meet the oddest people in the most bizarre places. Later, she realised, it was the start of her apprenticeship.

The tale of how he courted her is a lengthy one. It is also not this tale. This tale, is a cautionary one, revealing how she lost her Silverbrow, through nothing more than a poor choice of words.

She had been pursuing a career in computers, performing feats of coding that left her colleagues astounded. So when he introduced her to magic, she took to it like a science.

He taught her the old way, the way his master had taught him back when the druids still ruled the green isle. She took those lessons, but built her own reasoning into the phrases.

He taught her which words of the old tongue should be used and what they meant, but she wrote the English versions and tried them later.

He taught her a dead language to cast spells, but she learnt program instead.

It was when he noticed her concealed ledgers that he grew concerned, when he saw her technical analysis of what certain phrases could mean combined that he worried. Then, he discovered her as she was experimenting with a spell. 

With sinking heart, he waited until she finished her sentence before stepping forward to warn her of the folly of her language. Having never spent might time around computers, he did not recognise her incomplete if. She yelled at him to get out of her circle, else her spell might complete and cause him to die. 

With that final sentence, her spell completed. The if condition never happened, as it depended on a word she had tested months earlier. With the word literally changed, the else activated, causing him to die.

Horrified beyond belief at her unfortunate phrasing, she tried different methods to bring him back. But each attempt failed, draining her of her own strength until she was forced to give up.

Broken, she gave up wizardry, as it had taken the magic from her life. 