Dracula sat wrapped in his cape, inching away from the fire. "I just don't understand why you need to stay warm. The cold is so . . . cold."

I sighed and turned to him, "Drac, not everyone is a weirdo like you, alright? It's 45 degrees out here and I'm a regular human, gimme a break." I pulled my marshmallow in and pinched it a few times. Still need another minute or two over the fire.

"It's not the warm that bothers me," Ariel said, sitting criss\-cross, hands extended to the fire, "but the fact that there's no water."

I smacked my teeth, "Then go jump in the lake! No one's stopping you!"

"Woah, easy, tiger," Charlie said. He chuckled, "It's funny to call you a tiger because I'm a unicorn!" He coughed, "Anyway, there's no need to get angry."

"Well, I am, Charlie, I am," I said. "You know why? Because it's been nearly twenty years in this God\-forsaken wood, and I still can't find Bigfoot!" I pointed at Charlie and felt the vein popping from my forehead. "How does a unicorn live here and Bigfoot doesn't?"

"You know," Legolas said, his eyes squinting majestically, "If I didn't know any better, I'd say you didn't want us here."

I'd been keeping my attention away from my marshmallow, and as a result, it caught on fire. I pulled it back and blew the fire out, and threw the marshmallow off my stick. I grabbed a stick of beef jerky instead, frustrated with waiting for the fire to cook my marshmallow. "Yes, Legolas, you're exactly right. I don't want you here! I don't know how I can be more clear about that. Why do you all keep showing up every time i come out here anyway?"

"It's a curse," Ariel said.

Dracula nodded from the darkness and stuck his head a bit closer, "Once found, you will be bound . . ."

Crickets chirped a moment, everyone eyeing Dracula.

"Is that it?" I said.

Dracula shrugged, "I don't know. I'm not some sort of wizard, I'm a vampire. Speaking of which, you know what would be a great idea?"

"I'm not giving you my blood, Drac. Quit asking."

Dracula made a huffing noise and swiftly fell back into the shadows.

"Wait," Legolas said. He stood to his feet and gazed into the forest. "The foul stench of orc has stained the air."

Ariel and Charlie sniffed a few times. 

"Smells more like a fire to me," Ariel said.

Charlie chuckled, "That *is* the fire, moron." He clopped his hooves to get closer to Legolas. "I hear something," he said. He turned his head around to face me, "It better not be those morons who took my freaking kidney."

I laughed, "I forgot about that video. Man, that's nostalgic." Then I heard the rustle of leaves in the distance. I stood quickly and listened in. "That's him," I said quietly.

"That's who?" Legolas said, turning to me. 

"It's Bigfoot!" I said both excitedly and quietly. "Oh boy, oh boy! Finally! Everyone remain still. Sudden movements may cause him to attack."

Legolas loaded his bow quickly, "He would die before his stroke fell!"

"Shh!" I said, waving my hands down, "No one's killing Bigfoot today, alright?"

Legolas tilted his head and squinting. Suggesting he really wanted to kill Bigfoot.

Something growled ferociously, followed by the sound of crumpling and crunching. Everyone gasped and I turned around. My bag of beef jerky had fallen down and a few pieces fell to the ground. Then the fire flickered in such a way, it offered a hint of light in the shadows, and there he was. My eyes widened and my jaw fell to the floor. Hope rushed through me like a typhoon. I folded my hands together and brought them to my mouth, fighting back tears of joy. Its cheek puffed on one side as it chewed the jerky.

Charlie burst into laughter and everyone turned to face him. 

"I'm sorry," Charlie said. "It's just, it's taken you twenty years to find this thing, and all you had to do was bring out some beef jerky."

I turned to face all of them, standing beside me and facing Bigfoot. "Does this mean you all can go now?"

They turned to face one another, shrugged, and faced me again.

"We don't know," Ariel said, "Dracula never told us the rest of the curse."

Legolas loaded his bow again, "Then we'll make him bleed."

Dracula stepped from the shadows again, "Did somebody say blood?"