 Humanity always asks the question is there truly life that lies beyond the stars?

 Usually the Galactic Union helps species that are deemed capable of being able to care for the universe and their own home planets. They are passed on a test of how well their planets equilibrium is and as well as how they handle certain situations regarding the natural forces of the planet they reside in. If they pass this test then the Galactic Union introduces itself to the species with first a message by whatever communications the species uses. 
      
 Eventually once their world and people are caught up in the history of the universe the G.S (Galactic Services) a branch of the Galactic Union will provide scientist and engineers from around the universe to help propel their society and quality of life. 
      
 Though there is one species the Galactic Union dares not touch... Humans, we could never fathom how they handle the care of their planet and as how they handle the strength of the natural forces on their planet. Humans are something no species has encountered before, they never bow down or give up. They have the audacity to terraform and change nature itself to bend to their will. 
      
 They care nothing for common sense and logical thought processes. If they want something they will find a way to get it. They are so weak and brittle naturally but even then with the help of their technological advances they keep pursuing things that will help make them stronger and better. They prevent diseases before they’re even born with genetic modification. It doesn’t stop there they even modify their unborn to be better then the average human. After birth they’re even crazy enough to inject their children with the diseases that kill them to make them immune to them! Sometimes they even fight Mother Nature, they take to the skies and grounds to fight the flames of the sun. They build architecture that can handle tsunamis that would decimate planets, hell they even build bombs with the capabilities of wiping out species just because it’s a good way to stop wars.
      
 Humans have no concept of caution, when a human wants or thinks of something they will try it. A humans curiosity is something that no species can tame. Thus no species dares to interact with them nor help them propel their society. The Galactic Union could only imagine what humans would do with the plethora of knowledge we have to offer. Humans are catching up to the rest of the galaxy and they keep getting faster and faster, exponentially increasing their technological discovery speed. 

 They’re like a snowball of a species that the Galactic Union can’t stop. For the day Humans discover the life that lies beyond the stars is the day the Universe is doomed.

(This is my first writing prompt try ever! It might not be that good since I wrote it in my phones notes but I think it’s decent!)

EDIT: I just really want to thank everyone for the insane amount of support! This really makes me want to write even more now! You’re all great and I’m glad I finally decided to write for a prompt!