Rose huddled in the corner where she had always been at. It was the corner that was least visible to the outside. They used to watch her a lot, but not anymore. They seem to have other interests, for now.

It was a good pause from... well... everything.

"Hi there," a soft voice came. Rose looked aside, seeing a familiar face sitting on her empty bed. She hadn't used that bed even once, but *she* did. It was a woman with long dark hair, black wings, and formal dark-gray clothing. Her skin was a bit paler compared to all the black. But most importantly, she had also black irises, which took a bit time to get used to first. But in time, Rose didn't mind even that.

"Why are you back?" Rose asked with her gentle voice, hands wrapping around her legs even more.

"Because I feel that you need me," she responded, looking at Rose.

Rose stared at her, eyes filling with tears, but she didn't move. "I never asked your help, Ashliel," she whispered, "are you here to reap me? When are you going to reap me?"

The angel shook her head. "I'm not a reaper. This world has enough reapers. I guess I could be called opposite of them. I keep an eye on them, making sure that they don't reap somebody they shouldn't," she said.

"What do you mean?"

"There has been plenty of reapers examining you, wanting to reap your soul. But I've banished them all."

Rose's eyes widened. For the first time in weeks, she decided to abandon the corner, and she stood up, looking at the angel.

"Why don't you let me die? Don't you see what they're doing to me?" Rose desperately began showing different scars on her body, some fresher than others.

Ashliel looked at Rose, the edge of her mouth rising up. "Because I don't want you to die."

There was a silence. Rose's hands went into a tight fist. She walked towards the angel, wanting to hit her. But as she took merely few steps closer to her, she stopped. "Why?" she asked, "I don't understand."

"Because I believe in you. I believe that once you get through it all, you'll save millions of others who are seeking your help. Nobody else understands them better than you. Even they..." the angel pointed around the empty ceiling, "...don't understand that. They're all are watching you, not understanding any of that, thinking that you're just next soul waiting to be reaped. But I believe in you."

"What?" Rose muttered. "This doesn't make any sense!"

Ashliel could feel whispers in her ears. She closed her eyes and just listened to those voices for a moment. They were all talking, telling her to leave her, to let her die. Saying that she's barely standing, that she should leave her be.

"Just leave me be! Let me die. It's my destiny. Let them reap me. Leave me. I'm not any of that what you're telling me to be. I don't care what happens to me!"

"Fine," Ashliel whispered, opening her eyes slowly. "I'll prove it to you then. Fuck destiny. I'm getting you out of here."

She stood up, and the angel felt different. Rose could see how her dark feathers on her wings began to change, turn into white and then fall off. She could see how her hair turned from black to pure white. She could see how her black clothes turned into just an ordinary black dress. And her dark eyes were filling with the ocean colored water.

The whispers went stronger in Ashliel's ears. But the more she turned white, more whispers were disappearing.

"What's happening?" Rose asked, looking at her, confused.

"I..." Ashliel began, looking at her now physical hands, "...I abandoned it all to save you," she said, smiling.

"Why?" Rose asked the same question, again.

"Because I care," she said and walked towards the cell's bars. With a quick flash, the bars were just cut away. "We should hurry before I lose the power I still have left in me.."

Perhaps first time in her life, Rose felt something different.

*Hope.*

----

[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/Elven/comments/a3zug2/saved_by_an_angel_part_2/?st=jpe2d2ci&sh=fd1e0a6a) - Feel free to follow sticky automoderator there to get notified of the next parts.

/r/Elven - Feel free to follow my writing =). Released a book recently ;).