The heavy doors shut behind me and I wait, making sure the footsteps are far away. One, two, three, four… even once they are gone and it is completely silent I do not move for a good few moments, collecting my thoughts. Although, once I break out of my stillness, completely ready to face my future, I turn around and pump both my arms up into the air.

“Yesssss!” I yell to myself, unable to stop my sheer joy and excitement. The hall of weapons. Finally.
I run forward, unsure with where to start because the hall is huge, and I mean huge. The ceiling is metres away and even then the walls are crammed with swords, bows, guns and spears. The floor is organised with shelves, cupboards and tables, each proudly holding its contents. I don’t walk, I run to each weapon. I can’t deny I am geeking out just a little bit.

I see Excalibur, I see Bruce Lee’s nunchuks, Thor’s hammer, weapons from legends, weapons from well-known and unknown people that fought in wars from all centuries. Just weapons everywhere.

But, I keep my hands to myself. I am only allowed to touch what is supposed to be mine. Those are the rules. I am tempted but, after working so hard with the monastery I am not going to ruin it now. So I simply look and gawk.
No one really told me how I would know which weapon is mine, all I got from the teachers was, ‘you will just know’. 
Not really helpful but I didn’t mind entirely, surprises can be good.

As I walk the adrenaline dies down gradually and I can progress like a normal person. Mainly without uncontrollably flailing my arms about and taking a good minute to remind myself I need to shut my gawking mouth. That is when I hear the high pitched ringing, like a bell has been hit and the elongated, monotone pitch is calling me to follow the sound. I weave in between the objects, following the sound as fast as I can. At one point it starts fading away so I retrace my footsteps and turn the other way. Almost there, almost there, the sound is getting louder and I realise it is coming from above. The weapon is hung on the wall.

Looking up, I see that out of the other weapons it is brighter. Not shining so that I am blinded but just brighter. For a while, I just stand there underneath it, looking up and deep in thought. I can’t tell what it is but when it hits me, I am slightly puzzled. A trident. Out of everything I did not think it would be a trident.
“Poseidon, really?” I say to myself. When I mention the name it glows slightly brighter. Or, that could just be my imagination. “Poseidon? Trident?” I really do not know how I feel. It’s so bulky, so ancient, I was hoping for a gun of some kind or even a sword, I could take a sword.

Sighing, I grab the ladder which is attached to railings and drag it over. Climbing the rungs, I keep an eye on the weapon, unsure with how I feel. Once close enough, I see it is old and covered in dust. Most of the weapons are but this once just seems to be caked in it. Wiping some of it away, I take a firm grip and pull it out from the clips. I almost fall over and it makes a horrendous metallic sound, but it is out and the dust rises up and clouds around my face. I cough and spit it out from my mouth.

“Right…” Descending the ladder and jumping the last few steps I attempt to clean it as best as I can. The more I clean it however, the more I realise it does not look Greek. It looks anything but and I have studied weapons, I should know. If anything, it looks Asian.

Looking up at where I pulled it out from and then back at it, I realise I do not know whose it is. The teachers won’t tell me so what do I do?

Jogging back to the door, heavy trident in hand, I exit the room and run straight to the library. I place the weapon on the table, wipe away the rest of the dust with my shirt and I take in its design. It does not take long to identify it, the curved blades, the embellished handle and middle blade which mostly gives its design origination, the metal, makes it easy to research. Once I find the right book and the right pages, I look to and fro from the illustration and to the actual thing. I sit back.

Shiva, it’s Shiva’s trident.

“Yes it is mine.”

I almost die. “Fuckkkk!” I fall out of my chair and scramble back onto my feet, peering over the table.
There is someone sat in the chair near the bookshelf, straight in front of the table. Why had I not noticed that? Or have they just appeared?

“You had better make good use of that.”

The person stands up and they are huge. And I mean huge. There is barely any light in the room, except the candle I have lit and been using, so the thing is ominous. It is almost as tall as the shelves.

“Who are you?” I force out. Get a grip, get a grip, get a grip…

“You must have guessed in this short moment of time.”

Its voice sounds male, but all of a sudden the candles flame enlarges and their face and body is revealed. They 
have long, black, braided hair, gold hoops in their ears, beads around their neck, delicate feminine features and their skin seems to be tinged blue as far as I can see.

“Shiva,” I say.

He nods.  Or is Shiva a she? I can’t remember.

“Yes. Now get up, there is work to be done.”