The last thing she remembered was uselessly trying to push her intestines back into her gut. She remembered the shocking warmth of her organs and the slipperiness of their textures as they spilled forth from the gaping maw of a wound in her stomach. Before she had even been able to take a single meandering step towards help or safety, her life had been snuffed out. Gone in a blink, faster than the coyest of winks. 

She knew she was dead. But she was still startled to still feel... alive. Not alive in the way she was before, however. Her damn skin felt way too damn hot and god almighty did it *itch*. When she breathed she felt like her airways were partially blocked with sand - no, not sand. When she exhaled she clearly saw ash. Red ash. Or maybe it wasn't red ash, but that the world around her was tinted in a harsh scarlet hue? 

"What the fuck is going on?" She hissed, expelling more flakes of the red-or-not-red ash from her lungs. 

It was a rhetorical question. The woman already had an inkling where she was and what was going on, but still, she hadn't expected someone to confirm it. *Nor* did she expect what they said next. 

The voice was surprisingly smooth and suave: "Hello dear! Welcome to Hell! Can I get you anything, a nice cold cocktail, some lingerie, a California king sized bed for two?" The voice purred. 

The woman shot her nastiest glare at the man who had spoken. He licked the tips of his fingers, and rubbed his knee's together suggestively. 

"So the dreaded Hell is just locked in a room with the likes of you? I'll be sitting on your little throne by the end of the hour." She scoffed, feeling her heart beat a little faster in anticipation of a good fight.

"Oh, don't worry about swiping my chair love (though I'm *more* than willing to share). You'll get your own." 

"What the Hell are you babbling about?" She hissed. 

A garbled voice responded from the other side of the room. Too garbled to be decoded. 

She spun around and jabbed a finger at the woman sitting atop another throne, who was shoveling an assortment of food into her face. It was as if she wasn't even taking a second to breathe between bites.

"Get that crap out of your mouth and fucking speak you pig!" She screeched. Her patience had already been short whilst alive. In death she discovered it to be non-existent. 

The woman on the throne washed the meat from some animal down with a viscous syrup before speaking a tad more clearly. "You are the seventh human to ever reach this chamber. You are now an official member of theh theven theadly thins." The last few words came out garbled for the woman had begun plunking bits of chocolate into her gaping mouth.

"Member of the what?!" The impatient woman seethed, pissed that in the other woman's diatribe the important bit had been discarded.

A new voice responded from another corner or the room. 

"You are now an official member of the seven deadly sins, darlin'."
The person sitting on that throne was beautiful though androgynous in appearance. And didn't bother to look up from admiring their reflection in a silver goblet. 

"So then I'm what, *vanity*?" She mocked.

They slammed down their goblet with shocking force. "You *wish*!" They hissed, before shining the goblet with a nearby white cloth and admiring their reflection once more seeming to forget the woman was there.

She turned, taking in the other thrones and characters upon them before her eyes landed on the empty seat. On the seat rested a bloodied sword. The same one that had gutted her and sent her here. She picked it up and had hardly examined it when from behind her came the sound of a man shrieking. 

She turned, slowly at his voice. 

There he was: Bobby. Her former friend. Her ex-lover. Her fellow collector of antique weapons. Her fucking killer. Evidentially the guilt of what he had just done was too much and a few minutes after he had gutted her like a fish he must have taken his own life in a likely less gruesome fashion. 

He whimpered as his eyes locked on hers. "M-Morgan?" His eyes trailed down to the sword in her hands. "P-please Morgan." He pleaded, tears streaming, snot bubbling down his lips, hands trying to free themselves from the shackles he had arrived here in. "I didn't mean to!" He cried. "I loved you so much, I did it so we could be together forever!" 

The woman ran her palm against the blade. "Oh we'll be together forever, alright. But my name's not Morgan. For *I am Wrath*. And boy does the sight of you just *piss me the fuck off*" 

The end.


(Writers note: Hi guys! I'm trying hard to become a better writer so I could use some constructive criticism. What parts felt clunky, where were some grammatical errors that need to be fixed for smoother story-telling, what did you think of the plot? Etc, thanks!)

