"Player two has entered the game!" The voice echoed down the halls. A ball of flesh pressed into a corner of the basement stop shaking. "Yessssss" It whispers to itself. Long ago the creature was player two as well, now it was player one. "More blood, so much more blood." The little creature cackled as it pulled itself from its' nest of corpses. "More blood to set him freeeeeee~" The emaciated man chattered in glee, before scampering off into the darkness.

"No, no.. No... NO GODDAMMIT LET ME OUT!" The thief screamed at the stell curtian. "I will not play your little fucking game!" His nails little more than bloody fragments of what they used to be. He has been scratching at the curtain hoping to make enough sound to get some kind of attention from outside. It wasn't supposed to be like this, this was just supposed to be some house. He had been watching it for weeks now, the family was loaded and they left for a vacation trip. This shouldn't be a thing, This wasn't some kind of horror movie. "Choose your weapon!" The voice echoed throughout the house once again. The burglar turned wide eyed looking into the awaiting darkness. "A firearm, lord please give me a fucking gun."

"Claws and teeth, to set the blood free." The wretched man screamed gleefully when the announcer gave them the tools of choice. "More blood to set him free, and so much meat to feast upon for meeeeee~" The little monster was doing an awkward yet quick quadrapedal hobble through the darkness. "Ican smell you player two~~" The little monster screeched. "You smell like a tasty meal to me!" He giggled and kept hopping along, searching, hunting, needing.

Lights flickered, seeming to lead deeper into the home turned nightmare fuel. "There better be something worth all this." The thief mumbled to himself as he edged deeper and deeper in. With the initial fear gone, all he had was irratation and rage. "Player two bullshit... I am no one's player two, player one all the way." 

"Challangers, Face one another and prepaaaaaaaaaaare for COMBAT!" The voice bellowed as the theif finally made it to what looked like a kitchen. Sitting on the island was a little man covered in what looked like blood and feces. The smell alone was a vicious assualt. "State your name for the viewers at home!" The anounce said once again, seeming to loose a sense of what was just stated. "Jake from statefarm." The thief said sarcastically, still trying to get over the smell coming from the little gremlin still perched on the kitchen island. "Today... I am..." The little man tilted his head seeming to listen to something unseen. "Bobby!" The man cried excitedly, as though something magical happened within his mind. "Weapons have been choosen, Jake from statefarm has choosen...." A click was heard as a drawer slid open, revealing a glock 17, "A firearm" Jake's audio clip was played over what was ever providing the voice. "Bobby has choosen..." The little man clapped happily while yelling in perfect unison with his recording, "Claws and teeth." The lights in the room went from the soft yellow to a hard red. "BEGIN!" The announcer roared.

Jake grabbed the gun as quickly as he could and began firing at Bobby. The shots were wild and untrained, each bullet going wide of the mark, and finding home in the appliances behind the little creature. Bobby leap forward, screeching like a horny cockatiel. "Blood, Blood, Blood just for me!" Jake hit a wall and kept slamming the trigger after all it did was click. Bobby slammed him hard in the chest forcing the air from the man's lungs and both of them falling to the red lit tiled floor of the kitchen. The claws found blood hiding under the flesh and teeth tore at bone badly protected by muscle. A few scream filled moments it was over. Player one was perched victoriously upon player two's chest as blood leaked and seeped from various wounds that littered the second player's face, throat and chest. "Victory goes to player One!" The announcer yelled breathlessly. "What is player one's reward?" The announcer whispered over the sound system, awaiting player one's decision.

"More blood!" He giggled.