*Jeez, it's cold as hell in here* was my first thought, followed immediately by *Wait a minute... where the hell IS here?*

Wherever it was, it felt like a refrigerator. Like, literally, same size and internal temperature. Except where the "door" would be, there was this huge glassy window, but some sheen only allowed light through in a haze. I tried to wipe it away, thinking it was condensation, but it seemed to be something inside the glass causing the distortion.

Suddenly, beeping seemed to come from all around me, and I felt the air inside the capsule rapidly heat up. My ears then popped as the door jolted forward slightly, then smoothly retracted above whatever this container was. I tried to get out, but then realized that I had restraints fastened over my chest and legs. Leaning my torso out of the unit, I looked around only to see the walls lined with more of these... things, for lack of a better word. All of them had the same hazed look preventing anyone from seeing what was within. 

*clack clack*

Footsteps came echoing down the corridor, as I turned my head to the right and saw a group of people hurrying towards me with a gurney in tow.

Well, at least I think those words describe what all of those things are. Because the "people" had enormous irises and stood about 7 feet tall, with more limber looking limbs, while the "gurney" was this sleek oval of silver that suddenly expanded into a box when the front was tapped. A couple of them stood outside of my unit and reached in to take off the harness, and I saw then that they were both extremely agile, unclipping and unzipping at speeds that I didn't previously think were possible for any animal, much less a person. They hoisted me effortlessly out of the pod, then onto the gurney, which then closed over me.

As I started moving towards wherever they were taking me, I suddenly realized that I hadn't even thought to try to talk to them. I mean, they looked human enough, surely they could at least recognize English? I opened my mouth to try to speak, but a small buzz came from above me and I heard a hissing sound from somewhere inside the "gurney" as I drifted out of consciousness.

___


I awoke in a white room with light subtly illuminating the seam between the floor and walls, in the softest bed I've ever laid in. My vision remained glossy for a time, and while I blinked to try to focus one of the walls slid open and two of the beings that I assume carried me here walked in with a large machine in tow. 

When they passed the foot of my bed, I could finally somewhat make out what the machine seemed to be. There was a piece that resembled a helmet, with numerous plugs along the outside, all connected to various ports on a box with a large monitor across one side. Without a word, one of them picked up the "helmet" and moved to place it on my head.

"**HEY!**" I yelled. "Don't put that thing on my head! What the hell is it for?"

It pointed towards my mouth, then at the machine, then at the top of my head. I'm sure my expression conveyed my confusion exactly, because it then spoke a strange language in a roughly human voice, pointed at the machine, then walked closer and pointed at my ear.

It then clicked that the machine must be some sort of translator device rather than the experimental deathray I'd expected. I nodded my head up and down, hoping that at least that gesture remained the same (Because at this point I'd come to assume that, somehow, these "people" were actually human, just maybe... evolved?). It seemed to have worked, because it then delicately placed the wired helmet onto my head.

*Beep-boop-boop-BZZZZT-KLANG!*

The machine started making noises, and before I had a chance to comprehend what was happening I felt what seemed to be a million electrical needles entering my brain and wiggling around. As soon as the machine had started, it suddenly whirred down, and I was simply left bewildered and frightened.

"It's alright, now. Don't be alarmed."

I jumped up. "You can speak English?"

I watched as it responded, with its mouth moving completely out of sync with the words I heard.

"No, I cannot speak your language. This device checks the area of the brain responsible for language, then administers precise stimuli to simulate every possible linguistic concept within a short period. It then uses this information to translate between languages, and you hear the language you know."

I paused, staring. A real life translating machine. It didn't have a robotic voice or weird grammar either, everything sounded just like a normal person talking.

"So, umm... Who are you?"

"We are staff for United Cryogenics, the galaxy's premier cryogenic storage solution for conscious entities. You were transferred to us from... Huh."

"What seems to be the problem?"

"Well, the slot for "Transfer From" just says "Unknown", give me a moment to contact a superior. There are some older records that haven't been integrated into the main database yet."

It walked out of the room as the wall silently split, then a few minutes later returned.

"Ok, so it appears that you were transferred to us from CryoFed in Malekston? Does that sound familiar at all? We're attempting to get in touch with some sort of relative to arrange for a living space for you."

"Woah, woah. What's this about relatives? And CryoFed? I was supposed to be put under for a year at the National Cryogenics Institute. What was that you said, it was somewhere in Malasia?"

It looked back down at its tablet, then back up at me. "No, Malekston sir. It says here you were transferred to us about... one hundred and thirty seven years ago, when CryoFed was shut down for malpractice."

I was stunned. "A hundred... A hundred years ago?"

"That's correct, one hundred and thirty seven to be precise. And I have your complete transfer record now from the archives. It appears you were stored there for seven hundred and eighty six years before your transfer."

My head was spinning. Eight hundred years? Hell, may as well call it nine hundred with all that extra garbage. What happened? The cryogenics experiment was just supposed to be for a year, that's what Kent kept saying over and over. What a valuable opportunity Kent had led me to, here. "Just a year, man, and then you're a multimillionaire! How could you pass that up, man? I'm signing up as soon as I can!"

Kent was a good buddy of mine from childhood, but he had a special knack for getting us caught up in stupid situations like these. Just like that time he managed to convince me that we could manage to get into the college stadium in the middle of the night, or the time he talked me into buying that set of trading cards on eBay, or hell, even that time we wrote out a tax haven plan for a church...

*Wait a minute...*

"Um, is there any way you could look up another unit? A guy named Kent Brennan should've been frozen somewhere near me."

A puzzled look appeared across their faces, before one stepped forward and said curtly:

"That's not possible. He's been dead long before you were even born."

"I'm sorry?" I responded.

"You speak of Kent Brennan, Child of Maleks, correct? The savior of progress, the nurturer of our society?"

I was flabbergasted. There was no way this was happening. There was absolutely no way that this stupid tax haven church we made was somehow taken seriously by somebody, much less a technocratic civilization. I mean, hell, we'd only told a few people about it in the first place, aside from the paperwork of course. 

As if reading my mind, it looked at me and said, simply, "I sense your confusion. Perhaps your friend was named after him?"

"No, he wasn't named after anyone... Um, what was that you said about him nurturing society?"

"Oh, right. Well, I suppose maybe your memory is weak from your time under. After the Barbados Wars, when the Aztecs directly attacked the Vikings, Kent led the remaining scraps of civilization to prosperity. He had a social code that held us together while allowing us intellectual freedom. Within a few years, we were flourishing as a utopian civilization, and then Kent traveled into the future to grab advanced technology for us. At least, he tried to, but the machine failed right as the transfer was supposed to occur. We believe he managed to make it through, and will one day return with these future inventions, but until that day I personally assume he's dead."

Unbelievable. They believed all of our childish bullshit. Aztecs fighting Vikings. Kent, walking disaster as he is, somehow leading a civilization, then time traveling? 

My head was a whirlwind as the beings gestured towards the wall. As it slid away, one of them turned towards me, and said "Come now. You've been asleep for some time. We have much to show you."