I saw her standing on the sea floor, looking at millions of fish I didn't know were actual fish species or not. She was a marine biologist, after all. Only her long hair moved like it should, her long white dress didn't move as she lifted her hand to touch a little seahorse approaching her. The dress turned into a tail, and she started swimming around like a mermaid princess. I gagged, and with a flick of my hand the whale soaring above me turned into a shark, and just to make things more interesting I gave it a huge mouth with huge fangs. As I predicted, the shark started chasing the mermaid to my delight. However, it was brief since I was woken up by the sound of screams. 
"Lily?" I asked drowsily to the girl I was in bed with. "GET AWAY FROM ME!" she screamed with her eyes still closed. "Lily, wake up!"

She finally did, her big eyes looking at me. "Jake! I'm-I'm sorry. I had a nightmare. There was a shark and..."
I felt the heat in my body leave the second she said that word. "A shark?" 
"Yeah. It chased me and... what a stupid dream." she laughed it off and kissed my cheek, but I barely felt her lips over my cold sweat. I had been able to control my own dreams for a while. I thought I was dreaming of her, but instead, I was able to see and control her dream.

I sneaked out of her apartment that night, three years ago. I didn't want any more princess dreams.

------

"Hey, Jake! Nice to see you again!" said Olin as he waved at me from behind the bar, "What do you want tonight, beer as usual? We have a new brand that I think you will like."
"Thanks, Olin." I replied, seating in my usual chair. "Any new ladies tonight?"
He smirked. "Today there is one, and lucky for you she doesn't seem to be friends with your past conquests. But I must admit it's getting very hard to keep tabs on all of them."
I ignored his comment. "Give me one of whatever she ordered and point me to where she is."
He nodded. "Two crafts beers, then." he announced. 
I smiled. It was lucky to know so early in the night I have something in common with the girl. 
He handed me the drinks and looked at me in the eye. "Why don't you keep this one? She was very nice and seems your type."
I laughed taking the glasses. "We'll see."
He didn't laugh. "Yeah yeah, we'll see."

I walked to where Olin had pointed his head and I saw her. Young, slim figure, golden skin and a round face framed by her odd white straight hair. She reminded me of a character, and I felt a sudden urge to doodle her. I resisted and approached her table. 
She frowned and got out an earbud that had been hiding behind her long hair. "May I help you?"
I stood with confidence but at a safe distance, knowing by now not all girls appreciate being approached by strangers. "Hello! I'm sorry. I couldn't help noticing you seem like an interesting girl and I-I just had to talk to you. I promise that as soon as you feel uncomfortable I'll leave and you won't see me again."
As usual, she looked at me with a suspicious look but agreed to chat.
I smiled and placed the beer on the table, where her sketchbook was currently resting. I smiled. More things in common.
"Hey! You draw! I'm actually an artist. Concept artist." I said, sitting closer to her, with the excuse of engaging in the conversation.
"Really? Where have you worked?" she asked with a hint of disbelief.
I realized it wasn't the best idea to tell a lot of information about me to somebody who I didn't want anything serious with, but I really needed it and her being an artist was definitely a plus. 
"Blizzard, EA, Square enix." her smile of disbelief remained, so I took out a business card. A desperate attempt in my book.
She took the card and her eyes widened as she read the name. She was an artist after all. 
"Jake Lozano?! Really?!" 
I chuckled, still not used to the small fame. "Yeah, that's me."
"No way! I love your work!" she replied.
"Thank you. I'm flattered."
Now, she was the one that pulled her chair near me.
"No, seriously! You are so flexible! I've never seen an artist work in so many different styles! And your concepts! Where do you get so many ideas?!"
I smirked, knowing exactly the answer. "I just know where to search for inspiration," I replied.

Needless to say, by the end of the night, I was in her dorm room dreaming her dream.

However, her dream was a different one. It was completely blank. It was just Me, her, and nothing all around. Her yellow eyes were fixed on me, judging. 
I felt calm. It was just a dream after all, and I can do whatever I want here. 
I lifted my hands, and soon we were in a tropical land, inside a lake. Behind us, a cascade hummed, and the birds chirped. I wrapped my arms around her and kissed her. It had been a great night, and continuing it in our dreams seemed like a great idea.
However, she didn't kiss me back.
"You're a creator." she said.
"What?" I frowned. It was common for dreams to turn weird if I didn't pay much attention, so I concentrated a bit more and returned to what I was doing, but the same thing happened to my surprise.
"You create dreams."
My face now showed how perplexed I was. "I don't... what?!"

She lifted her hand, and the world I had created disappeared. I gulped, not knowing anymore who's dreams I was in.

_____________________

Thanks for reading!

If you find any grammatical, spelling or whatever errors please tell me! English is my second language so it will help me a lot.
