I was bouncing with excitement in my throne. Not only had my daughter been rescued from the dragon, but she also was rescued by one of her brave friends the same age as her! This would be a marriage that would go along very well. 

One of my servants ran up to me. “Sir Grol, your daughter is back! And with her um.....savior...”

“Wonderful! Bring them both in! I want to meet this young stranger.” The servant saluted, and walked out of the room. I wondered who this brave lad would be. At such a young age, slaying a dragon? Perhaps the son of a knight. Or a wizard? Whatever it was, I was sure they’re very good. 

Princess Diana walked into the room, still in her silver dress she was wearing a week ago. “Father!” She ran up to him, and hopped in my arms. I was overcome with joy, and hugged her tightly. 

“Oh my daughter, I’m so glad you’re safe!”

“I’m perfectly fine Father! My friend saved me, and I’m so happy!” 

“I’ve heard the wonderful news! Now where is he? I MUST meet him!” 

Diana nodded, and ran back out of the room. She grabbed someone by the hand, and walked in with him. I sat up, and looked in wonder at the boy she was bringing in and...

Why it was just another dragon! A short one, the size of Diana. He was green, slightly chubby, with wings and a long head. He seemed to be a little shy, I could tell somehow. My smile dropped, and he slumped back into his chair. 

The dragon eyed me, and bowed. “Hi your majesty. Sorry about keeping you waiting.” 

I was confused. “Um...It’s no trouble. Diana, this is the boy who saved you?”

“He sure is! He’s amazing!” Diana hugged the dragon, and he blushed deeply. 

“A young dragon.....slayed another dragon?......”

The dragon put his hands up to cut me off. “Oh no no no no no. That’s not what happened really. It’s a bit of a long story.” 

“Well tell me then!” 

The dragon cleared his throat, and coughed a bit. “Well, the dragon that you thought had ‘kidnapped’ her, was actually my mom. We were inviting Diana over to our mountain home for a play date!” 

A....play date? I didn’t understand at all. 

“We were playing at my place for a while, when Dad took us on a trip to the woods. We were walking around, and then we got separated. We got lost for a few days.

“The Woods were really scary father, but Owen found food!”

“We were lost for a few days, but Dad found us later, and flew us home. Then we ran into some issues at home, and here we are.” He was silent for a bit, so that was probably the end of the story. 

Now it’s time for my problems with this. “I....I don’t understand. The townsfolk said they saw her being carried off by a dragon and screaming!” 

Diana interjected, “That’s because it was really scary way up high! I was grabbing Owen the entire time.” Owen(the dragon I assumed) scratched the back of his head and chuckled. 

“But if it was just a play date, why didn’t you just tell me?” 

“I told Ms. Agatha. She said she was going to tell you!” 

Oh....I sent her on vacation the same day. “But you said he ‘saved you.’ What did you mean by that?” 

“Oh, oh yeah! While we were in the forest, we got stuck in a cave, surrounded by wolves! Owen scared them away with his fire, and flew us out!” 

This was making even less sense every second. 

“Ooh, and and! He saved me from a giant group of evil knights! When we got back, there were a lot of knights there! They were shouting and grabbing and pulling me, and Owen pulled me out of there, and saved me again! And then Mr. Dragon ate all of them! It was just the best week ever!” 

This was twisting my entire mind. I thought my daughter had been tortured by an evil fire-breathing menace, when she was actually playing in the woods with a dragon boy. “W-Well.....As is tradition, saving the princess allows the boy to marry the princess. And you technically did save her, so therefore, you will marry the princess.” 

Owen blushed again, while Diana was bouncing. “Yay!” She hugged him, and his entire face turned red. 

“But given that both of you are seven, that might be a while.”

“Oh that’s ok! We can plan the perfect wedding in the mean time! Come on!” She dragged him out of the room. 

Well, I’m gonna have to get used to a dragon son-in-law. This is gonna be interesting. 

_____________

Feedback is appreciated! I hope you like my take on it. 

Also if you guys want, I’ll do a part 2 with the king meeting the dragon parents. 

