The tears came immediately. A flood of emotion as strong as any I’ve felt in the twenty lifetimes I’ve lived. My fingers gingerly reached for it; my own hair seemed a stranger to myself. As the tears slid down my cheeks, my memories came unbidden.  
*****  
My father was a not a cruel man, but he was cold. After all, he was a man of science. When I would cry as a child, he would say that I was wasting my time. Emotions were fleeting. Pain was temporary. Everything wilted under the passage of time.  The only thing that we should concern ourselves with were the good works of our lifetime- that which lived beyond us after we passed.  

My mother’s passing only reinforced this. After the funeral, he shut himself in his study with only his experiments as company. It seemed her death made him all too aware of his own mortality. I could hear him working at all hours of the day and night – lecturing to himself or cursing his mistakes. I would leave him food that would grow cold, untouched until I took it back to leave another plate. It went on like this for years.  

When I became of age, I confronted my father. I was no longer a child and rather than continue as his caretaker, I was going to enlist in the army. I would devote myself to something larger than myself. See the world. Live my life.  

He was furious. I had never seen him so angry.  

“You’re going to throw your life away? War is a meatgrinder, boy. If you want to be thrown to the dogs, then I want nothing to do with you.”  

And so I left.  

I found a soldier’s life agreeable, at first. I found my own peace in the structure and routine. I found a warmth I never knew through camaraderie and brotherhood. But I never grew accustomed to death. I saw it take my comrades, boys with fresh faces and doe eyes reduced to fleshy husks. I caused it with my own hands, felt the life flee from a warm body as it collapsed to the ground.  

I grew hard through all the years of fighting, but when my term was over I found myself at my father’s doorstep again. I was frightened. I thought that my time away would give me the answers I wanted, but I returned as ignorant as the day I left. What would I say to him? That he had been right? What could I say? That I wished I could take the last six years back? My stomach churned as my knuckles rapped the wooden door.  

A sleepy old man answered it. For a moment, he said nothing, and boyhood fears crept up my spine as he scrutinized me.  

“The dogs weren’t too bad then?”  

“Yes, sir.”  

“Well, come on in, then. I’ll put the tea on.”  

And so he did. We sat across from each other, sipping tea and stumbling in the dark for the right words to say.  

“Do you like the tea?”  

“Yes, sir.”  

“Good. I’m dying.”  

He saw the shock on my face.  

“Don’t cry for me. This body’s almost done here. My bones are ready to be laid next to your mama’s. Finish your tea.”   

I did. I gulped it down to soothe the clenching in my throat.  

“Listen to me, boy. I love you. I’ve not been a good father to you, but damn it I’ve always loved you. I just wanted to make something that would outlive me, but I was too much a damn fool to see it could be you. Are you done with that tea?”  

I was. I felt numb. I didn’t even notice him taking the cup away from me.  

“I spent my whole fool life working and I lost my wife. And I almost lost you. But you’ve come back. You’ve given me the greatest gift I could ask for, boy.”  

He took my head between his leathery hands and looked into my eyes. I had never seen him cry before that moment.  

“And now I’ve given you the greatest gift I can give. The last work of my sad little life. Take it, boy. Live a life worth living. Hell, live a hundred.”  

He saw the confusion in my eyes and smiled. A warm smile.  

“My life’s work was in that teacup of yours. You will never know achy bones or lose your wits. You will never need to fear the reaper. You will live a life no other man will ever know. It is my gift to you, my son.”  

And then his eyes grew glassy and he left me alone.  
*****  
My eyes focus on the single strand of hair in the mirror. If grey is a sign of age, of decay, then it must mean that I’ll die one day, doesn’t it? And if I die, then perhaps I’ll see father on the other side.  

Maybe, some day, I can tell him that I love him too. 