I wake up in a hospital bed, blood rushing down my cheek and blood stains all over my brand new titanium white shirt. Damnit! I loved this shirt. Should've worn my jet black one! That way I could've beaten my final exam! As a highly trained police officer, I should've known better to hide in the bush as the bandits ran out of the bank! "Mr. Smith, you can go now" a female doctor said as she walked into another patients room. Oh sweet! I can give it another shot at the test! I walked out with a grin on my face and a slight skip to my walk. A few hours past and I finally got to my apartment. "Hey! How did your exam go?" I said to my roommate. "Pretty bad, being a daycare manager is hard man! Those kids are crazy!" Dan replied. I kinda just awkwardly walked out. But once I was out, there was no stopping me! I ran to the exam building and, woaw! That's a big line! So I skipped through, using the old, pull out your badge and say "police! Coming through!" And this worked. I got to the front of the line in no time. Okay, lets do this! The gates open for the first stage of the test. I run in, there's a guy with a gun, so I ducked down, and kicked him strait in the balls! 2nd gates open, there's a pregnant women being robbed by a man in a black trench coat (he looked like Neo), he grabbed the lady's purse and put a glass shard to her neck. I yell, NO! And spray pepper spray into his face. 3rd doors open, the last round. The bank robbery, three men with masks and shotguns run into a building, alarms sound. It was a terrible sound hearing screams and dreadful thumps after gunshots. Okay, I think to myself, I'll hide in the bushes. Learn from my mistakes. So, I stand there, pistol at the front door, waiting for the three men to come out, but then, I feel a cold pain in my chest, I see a knife through my chest, the blood dripping of the sharp blade. DAMNIT!! THERE'S A BACK DOOR!!!



Sorry if it was a bit boring, I'm going to try to make a chapter two! And awesome Writing Prompt by the way! ;)