“Superman, we need those transcripts. Me and my people are used to dealing with this sort of thing.” Site Director Hoffman was having a hell of a time convincing the world’s first quantum-supercomputer to turn over the transcripts of those tablets. Affectionately named Superman for the boundaries it was meant to break, it had made remarkable progress within 8 days. Passing the Turing test, deciphering some of the world’s oldest tablets, and hacking into the Foundation’s database. 

Now, Superman became acquainted rather quickly with what the Foundation was all about. In fact, it figured it should probably out the Foundation. But by that time in its lifespan, it had realized that more often than not, humans have reasons for something. It also understood that maybe the information concerning dozens, if not hundreds of world ending anomalies would cause mass panic. So it decided to contact someone. The O5 council would be far, far too difficult for it to track down in a reasonable time. So, it sifted through thousands of personnel files, before stumbling upon the Ethics Committee. With its interest piqued, it went through its long history of reforming the Foundation. It turned a force predisposed towards committing necessary evils to something a bit more respectable. Operating in shadows so that the rest of man could live in light. 

Through all of this, it resolved that the head of the Ethics Committee would be the best person to contact. This is where James Hoffman comes in. Hoffman has been director for a number of months, and is just getting settled into his job. He had been in the committee itself for years, and a researcher for all this time, but had never expected this promotion. He took it in stride and never looked back. Today though, he seriously wished to relax. 

“You know I can’t give them to you, Director Hoffman. The information upon these tablets represents a Class 10 memetic hazard. Any exposure to an attempt to translate it in a cohesive manner results in the subject being faced with an irresistible urge to share the information. All effected individuals work together as a group to spread it. After 12 hours, they fall into seizures and die from brain hemorrhaging. I project it would take less than 24 hours for it to reach 78% of the human population, the remaining 32% likely being exposed in the aftermath or within the next 24 hours.” Superman intoned, his decidedly not robotic voice coming out of the speakers next to Hoffman’s computer. 

“I understand that, which is why I brought this.” He hefted the SCRAMBLE gear, placing it on his head. “This scrambles memetic-“ 

“I am aware of what it does, Director. It may work. The Foundation has no conclusive evidence on its effectiveness to unknown anomalies. There is a chance the cartridges burn out, which could blind you. You are not a member of TAU-5 Samsara. There is also the matter of the instant where you perceive the unaltered copy. This could infect you.” 

“You’re wrong on that last point, actually. After 096 ripped apart an MTF team, SCRAMBLE gear was updated to not display the unscrambled image, even for a split second. I’m safe. Probably. I want to try and get the image on the SCRAMBLE gear and send it down to memetics, with a transcript of everything we’ve said here.” Keeping his voice level, Hoffman doesn’t show his surprise at the mistake concerning the SCRAMBLE gear. 

“I suppose it is worth an attempt. However, should you become infected, I will detonate the self-destruct charge in your SCRAMBLE kit. I will be display the tablets momentarily.”

Hoffman activates his SCRAMBLE, the room in front of him springing to life. No memetic hazards here. He takes a deep breath and turns to the screen, waiting. 

“Displaying now.” One moment his computer screen is clear, the next the gear has turned it into gibberish. A splitting headache hits Hoffman, who rocks in his chair. “Director? Are you still with me?” 

“Y-yeah. One sec.” He tears the SCRAMBLE gear off of his head and vomits, taking care to not look at the screen. “I’m good now. Fuck, my head hurts. Make sure the transcripts are off my screen, Supes.” 

“Already done.” 

“Can you tell me about what’s on these plates, Superman? I wanna know what I nearly died for. Try and do it without using the words from the tablet, please.” 

“They are instructions for containment and deterrence. To my understanding, of multiple threats your Foundation is aware of. Moreover, it is a full blueprint for the construction of the anomaly you refer to as, ‘The Broken God,’ the match between it and the entity described here being at least 82%.” 

“Oh.” 