The marble doors yawned shut behind me, I choked on the stagnant air. A film of dust hung in the air. It was cold, my skin rippled in this cold. The mighty hall in which I stood sat in the midst of a great forest. Marble pillars held the roof up stretching a football field’s length high. The room itself was rectangular, shelves lined the room like book cases with a large aisle down the middle. Several more platforms of shelves climb along the walls. On the shelves sat weapons of all shapes and sizes, little note cards sat in front of them. There was no doubt in my mind, This was Heorot. 
	
I walked up to one of the shelves, on it rested a sword. I snapped up the note card and looked at it
	
Excaliber, sword of British kings, when used allows the assertion of one’s sovereignty over others. Weakens against Saxons, useful if the French need a good thrashing.
	
I chuckled and set the card down and moved over to the next item. This shelf was broken and thunked on the floor was a large hammer, I read the notecard.
	
Mjonir, Hammer of the god Thor, absolute bitch to wield, but if you can wield it, it will never leave your side. 
	
My attention snapped away from the card as glowing text began to scrawl in the air.
	
Your destiny lies not with this hammer, follow the path.
	
The text faded and the same light trailed forwards, placing the note card back I began to follow it. I passed shelf after shelf following the trail, I climbed stairs till I was about 10 floors up. The trail began to fade, it ran cold and I stood in front of a stone door. A note card set on a pedestal, it read:
	
The magic of these items are dangerous to other artifacts, remove with caution.

The door creaked open, it opened on a small room. A stone table was placed in the middle of the room. Two spears lied on it, the longer one was yellow, the shorter red. The words appeared again
	
Take the spears and wield your destiny.
	
I read the note card.
	
Gáe Buide and Gáe Derg, Spears of Diarmuid Ua Duibhne. Gáe Buide leaves wounds that will never heal and Gáe Derg defeats all magic held against it. Avoid self harm and partake caution when holding near other magical weapons.
	
I lifted the spears. Memories filled my head and I grew sad, my heart felt the heartache of  lost family, of lost friends, and of lost loves. My forehead burned, I raised my hand and felt a new spot. I rolled the spears in my hands, with a new confidence I turned and walked out the door.
	
A voice rang in my head:
	
I am Diarmuid Ua Duibhne, and we have some work to do.