I never once saw the captain angry. Not before that night. It was rare, a captain who never shouted. He was Stern with his expectations, but he was kind and fair. He knew what his crew was capable of, even if we didn't, and he never pushed us further than we could go. Until that night. 

We had been underway for six months at that point. We hadn't seen a port in four. I was loosing track of the at-sea-replenishments we had done. We were all tired and scared. But that's war. 

The admiralty had been pushing us harder and harder. Combat action after combat action, and every time we had fewer and fewer ships supporting us. I hadn't seen a sub periscope in weeks, and I was convinced they been pulled off our battlegroup. Sure the destroyers has anti-sub capability, but you can't beat a sub when it comes to tracking and killing a sub. 

Despite this, the peace talks were progressing, and we all expected, or at least hoped, we would be sailing home soon. 

Two days before that night, the fleet force Commander had arrived via chopper and embarked on our ship. His arrival had been saluted by a full broadside. It was my first time as gun captain on one of the triple 16-inch guns. It had been easy: make sure nothing was in sight that way, point the gun in that direction, and fire. If I was lucky, I had thought at the time, it would be the first AND last time I ever had to be in charge of those guns firing. 

The day before that night, the clouds started rolling our way. They were monstrous grey things spewing lightening and the wind coming off then hit fifty knots before we even saw the first drop of rain. 

That afternoon the news came in from HQ: the peace treaty would be signed within days. Cease all offensive action. 

The enemy had been given the same orders it seemed, as all reports indicated they were grouping up and heading home. As the flotilla bounced on the waves and tried to keep from crashing into each other, we toasted with smuggled booze and cheered the coming peace. The captain sat on the bridge sipping coffee with a quiet smile on his face. 

The FFC was not so merry. He'd lost a son to the enemy, and it had been whispered since his arrival that he didn't want the war over until every one of them was dead. He stood on the bridge pouring over reports and incoming data. 

It was just after nightfall with the storm at its peak when the FFC turned with a vicious grin to our beloved captain. "We have them!" He said triumphantly. "We can take them by surprise and sink half their damned fleet. They are a mere hundered nautical miles west. We can hit them no and make it look like the storm did it." As if to underscore his point, a crack of lighting snaked across the sky and thunder boomed across the ocean.

The Captain's smile had faded. "Sir, respectfully, we have been ordered to cease offensive action. The war is all but over. Those sailors have families to go home to as well."

The FFC spat. "To hell with them. With all of them! We attack. Turn this fleet toward theirs and make preparations for combat. Now!" His eyes darted about the bridge. "Crafty bastards might have us bugged. We have to act before they can act on their Intel!" His eyes were wild and unfocused. His anger was blinding him to reason. 

The captain narrowed his gaze. "They out number us five to one already and more forces are converging to join them even now. Even with the element of surprise, sir, we cannot expect to..."

The FFC was shouting now. The bridge had gone otherwise silent. "Obey my orders captain or I will have you relieved!"

Color rose in the Captain's cheeks. He stood and straightened his uniform. "Sir, perhaps we should continue this discussion outside. It is he only place we can be sure to speak freely." 

The FFC merely nodded and headed for the weather deck. The captain began to follow, but nervously, I stopped him. "Sir, respectfully under these sea conditions regulations state another sailor must act as safety observer."

The captain hesitated a moment, but then simply nodded. "Make sure you have a life jacket on, shipmate. I don't want to loose you."

The three of us quickly dawned life jackets and headed through the hatch to the weather deck. The sea rolled, leapt and dove beneath us. The sky was black but for the lightning. I lit up my watch and checked the lunar function, a habit of mine before going outside at night. It was a new moon tonight. Above he clouds the star would be dazzling. 

"Wait here." The captain put his hand on my shoulder and looked me in the eye with an earnestness I had never seen. "What here son. I'll talk him down. We won't be having a battle tonight."

I nodded and the captain walked with the grace of a dancer on the rolling deck toward the life lines, on which the FFC was leaning, waiting for the captain. I posed the hatch behind us and the darkness became nearly complete. 

Over the roar of the storm I could hear nothing but for flashes of lightning I could see nothing. Thanks sea wracked the ship with a fury I hadn't seen in all my days. I waited uneasily for the two high up brass to decide our fate. The captain had been right: to attack would mean out death. And perhaps and end to the peace talks. 

Minutes felt like hours as the rain lashed down. Finally I saw a figure working its way back to me. I opened the hatch to gain some light and dark the captain returning alone. In his hand was a life jacket. The FFC's life jacket. We stepped hurriedly into the ship. 

I was heading back for the bridge when the captain grabbed me and held me in place. "He fell overboard. I reached out for him and grabbed a hold of his life jacket but it ripped off. He fell into the sea. I will proceed to the bridge and sound man overboard. You get safety gear ready for the deck lookouts." 

He handed the life jacket to me and headed for the bridge at a stroll. I looked down at the jacket, then back to my beloved captain. I set the clasps back in place and wrenched hard, tearing the securing straps from the jacket. The captain was right. The FFC had fallen overboard. 

A week later we pulled into home port. The war was over. I never went to sea again.