It was a great job, David will never say it isn't. It's a great privilege to work for a dragon, they are considered a materialization of a local God, and a great alternative to a batallion of tanks. You didn't hear about that last part, shh. Only the *bad* guys use dragons. Totally not the great state of, ironically called, Utopia! No! Never!

David was once again doing his menial labor of mopping the lavish, marble and annoyingly slippery floor of the local dragon's lair. It was more of a mansion carved into a mountainside, two kilometers high being it's lowest floor. The floor he was on was haphazardly stocked with canvas bags of gold coins and various gems. David took pride in his monetary organisational skills: gold in one corner; gems in another; weapons and armour of foolish reactionaries hung from the wall, so well polished said reactionaries must be spinning in the ash disposal from anger and humiliation.

The dragon had none of it. His gait would knock stuff over **all** the time. Steve was his name. No, not the dragon's favorite gold pile's name, it was called Munchies. Steve the dragon. Steve the local magical defender of the village three thousand meters below. Steve would unknowingly scatter precious metals and stones all over the floor and David would patiently sweep it and store it away, inbetween him slipping on the floor.

"Master," David called out from the grandiose, dragon sized marble gates.

"Mmmmyees, my humble serveant?" Steve answered with a stuckup mock.

"I recall that you've agreed to not assault Munchies before my fiancé's visit."

"And I do not recall said agreenment, my little sweeper."

"A great, wise being such as you cannot remember something for a week? And I wonder why they worship your lot," sarcasticly replied David, with a slight annoyance in his voice.

"They know why they worship us. And you should too."

"For cheating on your diet?"

Steve scoffed, "I never agreed to such a drastic and useless change in lifestyle."

"Oh, don't start it again," David approached Steve from behind, slapping his tail with his met mop to give his point more power, and promptly slipped. Steve mock-yelped as if he was stabbed and bounced from his trough like a rabbit.

"Please, no violence inside my chambers and on my *royal behind*, as you called it. I can punish you for such an ungentlemanly act!"

"Oh shut up, you twat."

"Don't have me start rumours of this sexual assault to the *great collection of elderly twats who have nothing better to do but boss us around*!"

"SHUT UP!"

"Oh no, I've angered him, what ever will he do?"

David's mop, which was moments before been flying towards the dragon's maw, was caught with said maw and was joyfully been paraded around David, like an excited dog wanting to show his owner the cool stick he found. Steve bounced to his favorite midday napping spot, under a giant clear glass window, bathed by the endless rays of warmft, and did a half backflip to expose his belly for maximum heat garthering. David waddled to the dragon maw and stood on his tippy toes as tall as friction would allow, but the mop was just a centimeter from his grasp.

A knock and "Ow!" of poor decisions sounded from the slightly ajar grandiose doors, produced by none other than Martha, David's soon-to-be wife. David quickly composed himself to hide the shame of being so disrespectful to a great being such as Steve and walked to his wife, clenching her knuckles from the malevolent assault on the door. A brief kiss and hug later they both turned to the purring dragon, still collecting the solar energy.

"Oh my Gods, you were right! You are really working with a dragon!"

"Fooooor me, my dear," corrected the dragon.

Martha, shocked and fell on one of her knees, aided by the mirrorlike tiles below her and bowed deeply, apologising.

David picked her up quickly, "This twat does not deserve a thing for you dear," glaring at Steve.

Martha was confused, but went with it, she knew that her husband material knows the dragon far better than anyone in the village. A quick trip to the human infirmary later and the tour was in full swing. The pair walked around, David showed all the fancy rooms and things to be seen and Martha's mouth continued to lose it's hinges. Steve followed them, boasting about the great deeds of asking the thumb-sitting elders for gold and roaring at reactionaries so David would keep his job as a cleaner.

In the middle of a tour of another gold chamber David was suddenly lifted by an annoyed Steve's maw by the shirt.

"Mind if I steal your *love of your life* for a bit?" he asked with a mouth full of David.

Without waiting for an answer the dragon left with the cussing human. Martha, in her confusion, decided it would be the best to stand put and wait. And slip and fall onto a pile of gold.

"RELEASE ME YOU ROYAL TWAT."

Once the duo entered yet another gold room Steve dropped David and rolled onto his back, "Scratch me."

After standing up, David did so, but not as happily as any other time, scratching the dragon's neck.

"What the fuck?"

"Continue scratching."

David did so, but now with a Devilish smile, "You jelaous again?"

For his comment David was kicked through the hallway straight to where his love was standing, landing on his back and just enough to stop infront of her.

After the tour was finished and the dragon walked to the enterance and lied down into his golden nest David turned over the shoulder to adress Steve.

With an understanding tone, David said: "Just because I will marry her that doesn't mean I will leave you," and left the room through the gates, leaving them open for the sunset to illuminate Steve, curled up on his hill of gold and gems haphazardly constructed in the middle.