My name is Mike Milton. I've been working for the governor for a few years. Started as an intern, eventually becoming Cochlin's full time assistant. Under his wing I've burned files, pictures, evidence, all under the guise of "learning the ins and outs of politics". I never know what I'm burning, burying, destroying. I never ask; I don't want to know.

Based on what little I saw, it was traces of dirty money, rigged ballots, Govenor Cochlin is the poster boy for corrupt politicians. His policies always benefited himself before the people.

Then they legalized the use of "Brain-Sweep".

The governor promised a safer future. One where there isn't a wait period between innocent and proven guilty. Brain-Sweep isn't a perfect system. It's great at scanning for memories, and if it doesn't register anything resembling a bank robbery, then you're off the hook. The controversy lies in the fact that if it finds the memory, you lose it. Bank robbers, murderers, rapists, are in jail where they belong, but they don't remember why they're there. This kinda hinders the whole "rehabilitation" thing. I wasn't sure how I felt about the practice. I was too busy to worry about moral implications.

Then there was the night that change my mind.

It was late, I had just finished organizing Cochlin's schedule when I go to his office to see if he needs anything before I leave. I open the door to find him standing over his desk with his pants around his ankles. On top of the desk is a girl.

She's spralled out across the desk, her head hanging off the opposite end from where the governor is standing. I can't see her face but she looked young. Too young. Cochlin frantically pulls up his pants and rushes to close the door, swearing at me with a drunken slur.

As he slams the door in my face I slowly realize that the girl wasn't moving at all.

The next week the news breaks. A young teen kills her boyfriend. Stabbed him in "The heat of passion" as the papers put it. They arrest Sandra Hollis and bring her in for a Brain-Sweep. During her trial, a Dr. Schofeld describes, in gruesome detail, what the sweep found. A heated argument eventually leading to murder.

The jury found Sandra guilty. She was sentenced to 40 years in prison. She would have been 56 when she got out.

Imagine, a 16 year old girl, forced into a prison cell. Everyday she is told that she killed her boyfriend. Everyday she doesn't remember. The guilt; the uncertainty. She didn't last a year.

Shortly after her arrest I was given more files to burn. I've always been curious but I've never once looked in one of these files. Now, the way I see it, I've seen too much already.

In the file there are pictures of several other officials in Cochlin's office with the girl laying on the desk.

There were papers indicating large amounts of money being sent to Dr. Schofeld's university and another unnamed person.

Then what I thought was a transcript of Sandra's trial turned out to be a script made beforehand.

I held onto this files until the the week of her suicide. That was when I couldn't take it any longer.

"It was all right there in my hands, and now it's all right here on this table". I point at the manilla folder and the previously mentioned files and pictures. "Please, I don't know what's going on here but I need you to help me. Charge me for tampering with evidence, that's fine with me, but I want to make sure this bastard and everyone else involved gets what they deserve!"

"Thank you, Mr. Milton". The investigator shuffles through the files and looks back up at me. "Have you told anyone else about this?"

"No" I say nervously. "I didn't know who I could trust".

"Good". The investigator signals to his reflection in the one way glass mirror. The door behind me opens and a man in a long white coat wheels in a cube shaped machine with a screen on it. Hanging off the side of the machine was what looked like a metal bowl connected by long colorful wires.

"Oh" I say nodding my head slowly. How could I be so stupid. "How much is he paying you?"

The investigator shrugs "Is there really any point in me telling you?"

I glance at the machine and then back at the investigator "I guess not".