Sorry for the late reply. I work a stupid adult job. I've been looking forward to writing this all day.

May I proudly introduce: 
**Wizard and Dave: Episode 1**

“Hhhhaaaa Haa Haa Ha!” the little Wizard cackled hysterically.

“Hhhaaaa haa haa ha!” Dave giggled in response.

Dave was, of course, stoned out of his mind.

Wizard, naturally, was overjoyed that his interpretation of the ancient spell book had worked, and he had indeed summoned a demon from hell.

“What’s going on?” Dave finally asked as he looked around the pentagram he was standing inside of.

“Silence demon!” Wizard snapped.

The two awkwardly stared at each other before Dave spoke again. “We’re you going to follow that up with something? I … got the sense you were going to say something more.”

Wizard shook his head. “No.”

“Oh, so … just a power thing? Just showing me who’s boss?”

Wizard chewed on his lip as he walked around the pentagram looking up at Dave. “How tall are you?”

“5 foot 9.”

Wizard whistled in amazement. “I’ve never seen anything as large as you.”

“How tall are you?”

“I’m 3 foot 2.”

“You’re a tiny little creature,” Dave remarked. “So … not to beat a dead horse or anything, but, where am I?”

Wizard ignored his question and picked up his ancient tome of forbidden spells. “What is your skin made out of?” he snapped at Dave.

“That’s a super weird question!”

“Just answer it!”

“It’s made out of skin, I guess. I’m not like a biologist or anything. I’ve never thought about it.”

Wizard paced about the room. “I summoned a stone-ed demon, why did I get you?”

“Ohhhh!” Dave chuckled, “You’re saying it wrong.”

“How am I saying it?”

“See you’re saying ‘stone’ and then ‘ed’ as in ‘education’, right?”

“What’s your point?” Wizard snapped.

“Here show me that book of yours.”

“Demons are crafty creatures. Not to be trusted, that is why I’ve imprisoned you in the pentagram on the floor.”

Dave ignored the magical constraints and snatched the book out of Wizards hands. “See,” he pointed at the open spell. “See, I knew it. What you wanted was a stone-ed demon, but this is a spell for a stoned demon.”

Wizard eyed Dave for a moment. “What’s the difference?”

“One votes Democrat!” Dave snickered at his own joke.

“Get back in the circle and I will banish you back to hell,” Wizard said extending his hand for the book.

“Back to hell?”

Wizard nodded and reached up for the book again. “Back to the demonic abyss from which I summoned you!”

“Wait?” Dave skimmed the ancient and powerful time. “Earth is hell?”

“Yes, now please, back onto the pentagram that binds you, and I will banish you back to the festering lands.”

“No way, I’m not going back there.”

“You have too, it’s your home,” Wizard nodded.

“Not going to happen little man.”

“Well then … I command it demon! I am -”

Dave dropped the spell book and laid down on the floor. “It kind of puts it all into perspective, like, a little bit. As soon as Trump was elected I knew something was up.”

Wizard pursed his lips. “You can’t stay here, my landlord is not happy with my mastery of the dark arts.”

“Not my problem little man. You summoned me, you feed me.”

“You don’t want to go back to hell?”

Dave rolled over slightly to look at Wizard. “You know what I do, for 11 hours a day, everyday except for Sunday?”

Wizard shrugged, “Demon stuff I guess, I never thought about it.”

“I’m a software engineer. I write code, lots and lots of code. And when I’m not writing code, I’m stressing out about how much code I haven’t written, and if the stuff I did write is going to work.”

“I don’t know what that means.”

“No,” Dave corrected. “Lots of code. So much freaking code all the time, and I’m under so much pressure. The best thing in my life is getting off work, Saturday afternoon, going to the market, getting all my favorite snacks, and then just getting really high and watching Futurama or Star Trek.”

“I’m losing interest,” Wizard said as he picked up the spell book. “I didn’t summon you here to be my buddy.”

“Oh yeah, ha. Why did you summon me? Maybe I could, like, do the thing that you need?”

“Really?”

“Yeah, right. So, what kind of demon stuff do you need done.”

“I need protection, there are wizards after me. I’ve violated magical law by performing a summoning spell from this very book.”

Dave ran his hand over his throat. “Hey, I’m really thirsty, can you summon me a glass of water or something?”

A glass of water appeared in Dave’s hand and he jumped in surprise. “Woah! That was super awesome!”

Wizard blushed slightly. “It’s just a water spell, no big deal.”

“So, let me get this straight, you read a forbidden book, did a forbidden thing, and now you’re going to go to magical jail and all you got was to meet me?”

“Yes and if you would just leave I’ll summon an actual stone demon that can protect me!”

Dave took a sip of his water. “Ok, it’s only fair. I’ll get back in the circle.”

A powerful rumble shook the stone room. The resolute oaken door exploded into a thousand deadly shards. Three small wizards rushed into the room with wands drawn.

 “You’ll pay for your crimes, Garrylax the Dark!”

Wizard dropped his protective force field and cackled. “You’ll never stop me! I’ve grown too powerful for your archaic magic! If you value your lives you’ll return the High Sacramentum and tell your oh so precious Queen that her days of rule are numbered. I’ve summoned a Stone-ed demon to protect me!”

“Hey. Hey.” Dave stood up and motioned calmly with his hands. “There’s a lot of anger in here, ok. Let’s just-”

“Increndio!” one of the little white wizards yelled and flicked his wand at Dave.

“Ow.” Dave flipped the feeling back into his hand as if he’d just received a static electricity shock. “Hey I’m not here too-”

“Unno Momentum!” another white wizard yelled flipping his wand at Dave.

Gossamer strands of spider silk constricted around Dave, which he wiped away as easily and annoyedly as if he’d stumbled into them. “Aww gross!” Dave said trying to fling the sticky mass off his fingers with no luck.

“All together now chaps, hold the line!” A thin white wizard yelled. “Hermano Bavmora!” They yelled in unison. 

A single hair on Dave’s arm smoldered. Dave watched in in shock for a moment. “Aww you little bastards!” Dave snapped and flung the water in his glass onto one of the wizards. “Did you just try to set me on fire! I swear to god if you just tried to light me on fire-”

“They did!” Wizard piped up from behind Dave. “That’s a setting you on fire spell!”

“It is not!” the soaking wet white wizard protested.

“Is too!” Wizard yelled back.

Dave cracked his knuckles in frustration. “You little bastards better get out of here! I’m going to open a file of whoop ass.”

“What’s a file of whoop ass?” one of the white wizards asked.

“It matters not, the demon is indestructible!” another of the white wizards said.
“We must retreat!” And with that the three vanished.

Dave breathed heavy and sat down on the floor, still trying to get all the spider silk off his hands. Wizard was smiling up at him.

“What?” Dave asked.

“You are indestructible!”

“Am not.”

Wizard grinned like a fool. “Yes you are! They are wizards most powerful and no harm came to you. You must help me with my quest!”

“No,” Dave grumbled. “I don’t want any part of this, send me back home. I thought it was like a cool fantasy world but it’s just a regular stupid world without TV or furniture I can fit into.”

“I can bring TV,” Wizard nodded, “I can bring furniture.”

Dave looked skeptically at Wizard. “Naw, you’re like a dark wizard right? I can’t be evil. I tried once in Fable II but it didn’t work. Oh, and I tried to steal stuff from the people in Whiterun on one play through of Skyrim but I felt super bad so I stopped.”

“No no no,” Wizard shook his head. “No, the Council was usurped by evil magicians over 200 years ago. I am the child of prophecy, the Moon Waker, come to destroy the evil Magistrate and set the land to right! They call me Dark Wizard but it is they that are evil.”

Dave chewed on on his bottom lip. “Can you summon a Pizza?”

Wizard nodded enthusiastically. 

“Ok,” Dave sighed and reclined onto his hands. “Ok, summon me a pizza and we’ll talk about me maybe doing this quest to save the kingdom and banish an evil so and so. But pizza first, pizza and a beanbag chair.” Wizard nodded enthusiastically. 