I thought I’d seen the horrors of war in all their gory glory before. The time I’d walked into an old school that we were convinced had been hiding militants, and found only the ravaged remains of children, was the worst. I think it was the two disembodied hands that were clasped together, a smaller one still grasped firmly in of a larger one, that really got to me. I saw some of my platoon drag women off from in front of their small children to violate them – and those were the slightly better guys; some just raped them in front of the kids. Then, there was the day that my best friend – I’d only known him for two months, but the Army will supercharge your relationships – was blown up next to me. Covered by chunks of him and sprayed with blood, that was the last bit of action I saw on Earth. 

It wasn’t because of the trauma, although it probably should have been. My ears were the real issue – I developed what my doctor proclaimed in an inappropriately cheerful manner to be ‘tinnitus on steroids’. My leg was also somewhat buggered, having become home to a wonderful set of shrapnel that meant I could never go through an airport again without setting something off – not that I could have, given the financial situation of myself and those like me. 

I thought it was a lifeline when they came to the veteran’s hospital. I’d been in pain for half a decade at that point – emotionally and physically, although the fenny helped with all of that, if not briefly. It was clear I was desperate to the untrained eye, and I’m certain they’d looked me up and knew the truth anyway: no family, no spouse and no big deal to make disappear. The last time I remember being on Earth included a gas mask and a warm voice counting down from ten. My last memory was the number six – and that was one thing I held on to in the painful years that followed, before I relinquished it to find my destiny.

It didn’t start badly, though. In fact, when I woke up in a futuristic-looking room I assumed the surgery had gone well. I had no pain, no crushing urge to cry and no merciless ringing in my ears. Those first few seconds were the first bliss I’d had in years, and like most of the good in my life, it was taken away from me almost immediately. 

The sheer horror of seeing a monstrous creature your mind’s-eye couldn’t have comprehended before being confronted by it, whilst you’re strapped down and in an unfamiliar place, is worse than you think. The worst thing was, that wasn’t even the low point of the day. Being told I was going to effectively become a tool for sport was pretty high on the shit-scale, even for me. Finding out that I would be regenerated after every battle – but still feel pain during - was even worse. The thought of my future did nothing to excite me, although given how bad everything had been going on Earth, it didn’t seem like it was too much of a change of circumstance – after all, I’d spent the best part of three decades at that point being metaphorically beaten to a pulp, so this was just the next level.

I think it was this attitude that got me through, if I’m frank. Moxy, my mother used to call it. I’m sure she’d have taken credit for my hard shell, claiming that the beatings were worth it for this, and I’m not entirely sure she’d be wrong. When you’re surrounded by monsters, the only way to survive is to become one. All that valiant talk about being the light in the darkness – the shit that permeates all our crappy stories on Earth – that’s for people who see the sun on a daily basis. In space, it’s just darkness – you mould to it or you die. 

And mould I did, like iron in a forge. The creatures were all similar to me – not humans, of course, but carbon-based life forms that had been traded for secrets. If anyone had known our stories, we’d have had statues and monuments thanking us for our sacrifice on our home planets, but that was never going to happen. I have no idea what they traded me for exactly, but I doubt it was the really good stuff. Knowing humans, I was probably given up for a better telescope or a minuscule (although not by Earth standards) weapon that could barely level a city, let alone the galaxy-destroying devices I’d seen. 

I didn’t know how long passed before I started getting special treatment, but it happened eventually. I remember the moment – it was the first time that my opponent begged for their life and I didn’t feel a thing. Even in Iraq, when an insurgent who’d spent the last two hours trying to kill me was at my mercy, I felt that tinge of guilt whilst pulling the trigger that makes us all human. This guy, though. This guy – I drove my weapon through what would have been considered his skull, and it was almost orgasmic. It was when I stopped being human that I became ready, and from then on it was just a matter of forcing my way up. The number six had once had a hold on my dreams, but it was soon driven out. Now, all I really cared about was revenge – and I was on my way back home to fulfill my destiny.

-----------------------------------------

See all my prompt responses on my user page reddit.com/user/sswriting/ (subreddit coming soon)

I’m in the process of editing a book, so if you like my stuff, there will soon be a whole novel of it.