Tami and Oson were cuddling in bed.  They had a long day of classes ahead of them at the university.  They still were not tired.  Tami asked, "Did you ever have any pets when you were young?"

Oson nods her head on the pillow.  "I had a desert lizard.  We got a bunch for the science lab one day, and I got to take one home afterwards.  I would teach it to run mazes, and follow a laser pointer to collect treats.  I even got it to rest on my shoulders with that trick."

"How did that work?", Tami asks.

Oson laughs.  "I placed a dead cricket on my shoulder, and had one of my brothers track the laser up my leg to it.  She eventually started doing it on her own.  Her name was Missy.  We never had an invasive insect problem while she was around.  I miss her, sometimes."

Tami hmms.  "Those are native to the Badlands, aren't they?"

Oson nods again.  "Yeah.  They wouldn't survive in this climate.  Heh, I'm barely surviving, it's so cold!"

Tami hugs Oson closer.  "I had a cat.  Muffy.  She was fat and ornery at everyone but me.  I fed her, and groomed her, and even tried to take her for a walk.  Hooboy.  That didn't end well.  She clawed the shit out of my dad when he tried to untangle her from the impromptu leash we made.  We were right little shits to her till we grew up a little, but then I started showing her kindness.  Something changed.  In me, at least.  And she noticed it."

"Did she do any tricks?"

Tami sighs.  "She would leap up and open door handles.  Amazing, really.  Something that chubby leaping so high.  I guess she was heavier when we got her, so she got strong carrying all that weight around.  Then she would leap onto my bed and meow at me till I got up and fed her."

Oson wriggled closer to Tami.  "Do you think we should get a pet?"

Tami chuckles.  "With our roommates?  With our house?  It'd have to be fireproof and not want to chew on cables.  I don't even know what would happen if some of them were bitten.  I'd bet either the thing it was connected to or the pet would explode."

"Maybe a bug?"

"You're my little snuggle-bug.  I don't know how anything could compare to you."

Oson giggles.  "Well, we can at least get a pet plant."

Tami laughs.  "A spider plant?"

"Yeah!  Or a creeping vine, or a big fluffy fern, or even... a parasitic orchid.", Oson says with a slightly sinister tone.

Tami leans forward and kisses Oson.  "Or maybe a tulip."

They share a laugh, and slowly drift off to sleep.