Larry has been speaking non-stop to me for the past week, and I’m starting to get tired of his shit.

“Hey, I can hear you you know. It’s not like I’m actively trying to bother you, it’s just so unbearably boring up in here.”

Fuck off, Larry! I didn’t invite you into my brain; you came of your own accord and have annoyed me since.

“*I* don’t know how I got here, all I know is that I appeared in the most boring mind possible. You never go out, you never do or think anything interesting; if I didn’t talk constantly, I thing I’d die of boredom.”

You might as well! You’re the reason I can’t go out to do anything. Your constant talking makes me act out and look insane.

“You are kind of are insane.”

Fuck you! It’s your fault that I’m like this, your fault that my medication doesn’t work. You’re the fucking worse, there’s absolutely no benefit to having you here. Your like a bad tenant who doesn’t pay his rent and only causes trouble.

“Wait a minute! You just gave me an idea. I’ll be right back.”

What are you talking about? Hello?

*Silence*

He’s actually gone! I can finally get some sleep.

**A nondescript amount of time later…**

Ugh… How long have I been sleeping? My head and body ache like crazy.

“Good morning sleepy head! Of course, you wouldn’t know it’s morning with your curtains always closed.”

Look whose back. At least I got a bit of sleep. You gotta count your victories I guess.

“He he he”

What’s so funny?

“Why don’t you check on the table?”

What’s in this briefcase? HOLY SHIT! How much money is in here? Harry what did you do?

“I payed rent, just how you wanted me to. Maybe now you’ll appreciate me more.”

Where did you get all this money, though? HOW did you get it?

“Oh, that’s not important, though… I might have a bit more control over you than you think.”

*knock knock knock*

Shit, I’ll get back to this later. Who could possibly be at the door? Let me get dressed quick…

*Smash*

“This is the FBI, get on the ground!!”

“All clear, begin searching.”

What the hell is going on!?

“Sir, we found the money, this is our guy.”

What are you talking about?

“Put your hands behind your back and don’t move! You’re under arrest as the main suspect of a local armed bank robbery.”

OH FUCK YOU LARRY! 