“Impossible,” said the first man, wearing a lab coat and wearing a pair of triangle-shaped headphones, plugged into a pot.  
“That is… t-th-this is a joke,” he looked at the woman with hair like a lion’s mane, then at the Sanskrit dictionary in his hands, and then to the pot. As much as he wanted to believe this was a hoax, the words lined up with what the dictionary said. The name he heard was unmistakable.  
“It is not, Mister Torbjørnsson,” the woman spoke, in a Hebrew accent.  
“Though I do admit, it is rather odd,” she shrugged.  
“We do not need to do something immediately, but this information must go higher up,” Tornjørnsson nodded.  
“Ja, I will… sleep on this, and perhaps tomorrow we’ll figure it out?” The Israeli woman agreed, and the two parted ways for the night. 

The Chief of the Chronosonic department looked at the two as though they were pulling a prank when he listened to the recording.  
“There is no way I can believe this,” he grumbled.  
“Sure, the device works like that. Sure, the clay maker could’ve been speaking Sanskrit. But… *him*?! *There?!* I refuse to believe it,” he crossed his arms and narrowed his eyes at Torbjørnsson.  
“If you find another pot with… *him*… I might change my mind. But this is bloody ridiculous,” 

The next week, both Torbjørnsson and the Israelite along with a fluent Russian linguist and historian arrived with a pot discovered in the Karelian Isthmus.  
“Same voice, same person, as I told you,” Torbjørnsson explained.  
“Да, even though I do not want to believe it myself,” said the Russo.  
“It is… rather strange, hearing the man speak Church Slavonic,”  
“Any suggestions on what to do next?” Asked the Israelite. The Chief nodded.  
“He lives in Canada, no? We go there,” 

“Come in,” the voice from the pots said over the intercom, as the four scientists entered. They found the man in his office, and placed the pots down with the triangular headphones. Keanu Reeves turned around in his chair.  
“So, you found it,” he said, looking at the pots.  
“Congratulations,” He reached into his desk, and pulled out a handful of bills. To the Russo, he handed half a million rubles. To the Israelite, he handed half a million shekels. To the two Norwegians, he handed a quarter of a million Kroner each.  
“You found my secret. Keep quiet, and I double it by next year. But don’t be a stranger; if you’re in town, I’m more than willing to let you in for a coffee…”