A squeal of tires outside and a dull bang of plastic meeting metal. The sound of air being chopped by a helicopter and the rising screaming of sirens approaching. 

I watched people scurry out of the restaurant as I sipped my coffee and thought about whether I wanted to try going to the beach this weekend. I liked the beach. I'd probably find Octoman mobilizing a jellyfish army or Electroma whipping up vicious thunderstorms off the coast as some kind of threat. Never really found out what that was about. Really, beautiful work though. Nothing quite as mesmerizing as watching lion man jellyfish somehow flooding up the beach. Or the just amazing flash and drumming of a sky filled with lightning. No idea how they did these things. But I really admired their work. Shame I always wrecked it somehow. Not that I'd wish for them to win, but, well, it always made me feel bad when I'd ruin everything for them, over and over. Dynamo broke down crying last time and didn't even fight when he got dragged away to be locked up again. I felt bad about that. Maybe I should go visit him. I don't think people are usually allowed, but that kind of thing has never been a problem for me. 

Gunshots. Something exploded and a window shattered. A door slammed in the restaurant. The restaurant was empty now other than me, so that had to be the bad guy. 

I sighed. Well, I was finished with breakfast - the one that was accidentally made and just handed to me as soon as I walked in the door. I felt like I should pay for the food first though, even though it had been free. I looked around - I never carried money, never had to - and spotted the corner of some kind of paper under the table's pedestal foot. I ducked down to retrieve it - a twenty, it turned out - then sat up to place it on the table.

A guy shouted just above my head and stumbled backwards, tripping over a chair behind him, and then slamming the back of his head into the next table. Some kind of red energy discharged from his hands into the light fixture above him, scorching it but otherwise safely channeling it away. 

I stood up and stretched, lazily peering over at the prone and dazed figure. Oh. The Red Wizard. He got here in a car? What happened to his hovercraft? And he was in a tux? It's 7 am; what could he possibly be in a tux for? 

"You...," he breathed out heavily. 

"Again, yeah, I know." I shrugged, "I'm sorry I startled you. It was an accident. I was just getting..." I trailed off as I realized he had passed out. I really hoped he wasn't seriously injured. Obviously, he'd been trying for something creative. Had to give the supervillains credit for their persistence. 

Oh well. I placed my calling card on his chest - a four leaf clover that I weirdly found in the tiny vase of flowers on my table - and walked out of the side door. Luckily - of course - a window on the other side of  the restaurant suddenly fell at that moment and distracted everyone away from my exit. 

I strolled over to the shopping strip nearby and walked along the storefronts, just enjoying the morning. I felt the urge to go somewhere though and walked into the parking lot. First car I came to was unlocked. Checked it and found the keys just sitting in the driver's seat. I climbed in, knowing that somehow the owners of stuff I borrowed always ended up not needing it until they'd just run across it again. I liked that. Made things like this so much easier.

I started the engine. The radio switched on:

"Breaking news! The Red Wizard has just been captured! Authorities have informed us that, yet again, a four leaf clover was found at the scene, indicating that our mysterious hero has had a hand in thwarting yet another villian. Authorities continue to not be pleased that our hero has not come forward over the years. And, despite many villians trying to describe our hero, reports are too conflicting to be helpful. At this time, we hope to get another clue as to his or her identity from the Red Wizard, but it's this reporter's belief that our hero, known as 'Fortune' by some, does not want to be known and will have the luck to continue not being known until..."

I turned the radio off there. Damn straight I don't want to be known. Why would anyone want that? I did like the villians knowing it was me though, and somehow they always knew me. Maybe they just guessed it was me. Same difference. 

Full tank of gas. Good. The back seat was loaded with beach stuff. Not too much, just right for one person. There was even a new swimsuit there, and I knew without checking that it was my size. Yup, guess it's a beach day. I wondered if I'd see Octoman - he had escaped, right? I hoped so; we would always have interesting conversations before he was inevitably captured. But, maybe I would stop a natural disaster instead, like that freak tsunami that time I went to Portugal on a whim. Maybe I could stop whales from beaching themselves. Could I? I didn't know. Hadn't done that before. Guess I'll find out eventually.