17 / 04 / 17,054
26:63:11 PM

Right after my death, my girlfriend decided to become an astronaut during college. We were engaged, actually, and she didn't want to marry anyone after my death, afraid of if she'd have to go through another death as sudden to her as mine was. She didn't expect to hear, at 2 in the morning, that her fiancé was shot at point blank range, buying chemical packs on the black market, once all pure drug concentrates, including for whatever reason, caffeine, became illegal in 2028. 

The health advances made in my lifetime caused people to not only live longer and reduce aging effects on the body, but to adapt to the sun's closer and more rapid radiation. In 2061, she became the first woman astronaut to drive a spacecraft outside of our galaxy, which caused her to land on another planet with a time and day cycle that isn't close to normal for us. I'm assuming she's still alive there and she made it habitable. Everyone on Earth that I've known has died, yet, some only died in the past 200 years. They lived longer than anyone before us. I wouldn't be surprised if there was a way she already knew of to live this long, especially since there has to be different minerals, chemicals, vitamins, and other beneficial ingredients that could sustain a long life. 

Since I'm not alive, and not technically effected by gravity, I guess... we can go there. I can float up, up, up until all I see below me are swirling waves and white puffy plooms accumulating in the air above everything below. I float up, heading toward the moon first, to have a better view of where I thought I was headed. I get to the moon and float directly out, and I see out in the distance, a planet with a large light shining to Earth from outside the galaxy, one I can feel as if I had flesh. I start floating faster and faster, zooming through the cosmos, going until I can't anymore. I look at the planet, one that is green and blue from the look in the cosmos. I trust that this is it. 

I get to a planet with jelly-like water and numerous creatures that vary from crawling and molding the sand-like material I'm standing on. The water material in the ocean looked and moved like water, yet the creatures around the planet could grab and move it without it falling. It's like the gravity on this planet is turned off for the water... kind of. Interesting.

I keep moving faster and faster toward the source of the light, still beaming off of this planet. I see the light go out and as soon as I do, I--...