"Look Marty, the situation sucks but I need you to work with me on this... No, I don't think the dark Lords are any less evil than my clients" the tentacled mass of shadow raised its many arms in annoyed anger. Bob put his hand over his phone and rolled his eyes while mouthing the words, "You're way more evil don't worry." The black mass subsided somewhat poutily. Bob continued "I just think that the Dark Lords could better use the kid at night.... what? How do I figure Marty? They're the goddammed DARK Lords for Pete's sake, how else do you think I came to that conclusion? A 50/50 split is the easiest way to make this work, and we definitely don't want to revisit dismemberment again..... I know it's not the Dark Lord's fault Marty, if anything it's the parent's fault. I mean my wife and I have communication issues too but c'mon two supreme powers? Let's just say I'm glad I'm not a divorce lawyer.... OK sounds good Marty, lunch tomorrow? Great see you soon." 


Bob placed the phone back on the stand and rubbed a hand over his face. Supernatural law was no piece  of cake. He briefly reminisced about his early days as an entertainment lawyer, sure the personalities he worked with nearly drove him mad, but there was something to be said for a client who couldn't instantly vaporize and/or consume his soul. He supposed at heart the game was the same, the stakes were just higher, and the pocketbooks bigger. 


He turned toward his client who, for the sake of his sanity, bob called the Nether Prince Slurp. His real name was a sound made by slapping and rubbing a variety of tentacles and began with a wet, sort of sucking sound, hence, Slurp. For Bob though the most important part was Prince, and his handsome hourly wage reflected the deep pockets of his client's bloodline. "Look my Lord, I'm not going sugarcoat it for you, we don't have any advantages here. The Dark Lords have, from a legal standpoint, just as equal a claim to the kid as you do. Now, that doesn't mean I'm going to just hand them the kid, but you will have to be prepared to make some sacrifices if this is going to work. So what are we willing to give up? 


Slurp's tentacles had begun writhing in agitation at Bob's words, and the mass at the center was moving back and forth slightly, almost like it was pacing the room as a human would. A series of rapid slaps and deep vibrations emerged from the creature punctuated by two tentacles slapping down on Bob's desk. Bob regarded the black tendrils slightly burning into the surface of his wood desk and thought it looked exactly like some of his past clients slapping their hands on the table when things weren't going their way. One thing Bob had learned in this line of work, was that humans and the forces of evil had some pretty similar habits. He was now of the belief that there had to be a little bit of void prince or dark lord in everyone. Bob regarded the translator, "What did he say?"


The translator was a human whose soul had been consumed by the void earlier that week. His eyes were the same mercurial black as Nether Prince Slurp, and his voice sounded like that of someone who had just seen some shit, but was totally emotionless. Bob didn't want to know what that shit was, and was happy to ignore the guy the rest of the time. And here he knew Marty got a damn Succubus as a translator, the lucky bastard. Talk about perks of the job. 


"The Nether Prince is disappointed. He really thought the night thing would work. He wishes to go back to the old plan." Yeah no shit the night thing didn't work, Bob thought. They're the Dark Lords not the Night Lords you racist. "Yeah I was surprised too, thought the whole Dark Lord thing worked better at night myself. Back to plan B: timeshares. I think we have to give them winter solstice. They just won't budge from that." 


More furious wiggling ensued. 

"I know I know, winter solstice is a big deal for all beings of pure evil. Why do you think the supernatural law potluck is that day? But do you really need it? I mean, you're more into harvesting souls right? Harvestings always the best on the Fourth of July. Lots of newborns then. And I know you Nether guys love the taste of innocent souls...."

The tentacled creature pondered the proposal for a bit then gave an affirmative nod of its tentacles followed by a sharp slash. "He said to give them winter solstice but demand Halloween and the Fourth of July" the translator said in his cracked voice. "I can work with that. Remember we meet them tomorrow after lunch face to face. I don't want any void missiles or Nether beasts this time OK? Great. Tomorrow then." 


Slurp gave an apologetic shrug of his shoulders and opened a portal to the Netherlands where he and his translator stepped through. Damn. The wife and him had been planning a trip to Amsterdam this year. Maybe they'd put it off till the next... 

Edit: I'm on mobile, sorry for any mistakes. I'll try to clean up later!