It was a warm day in Nothern New York. It was mid-October and the sunlight fell through a clear blue sky, framing the reds and oranges of the trees throughout the quad. 

It was my first day of classes here, a new place to start my new adult life. I hadn't had an easy life so far but I was here now.

I walked through the quad, heading towards the dining hall when I saw her. She was a larger woman, not fat but she had curves. She seemed almost motherly like she would take precious care of anyone who needed it. She sat at the roots of a yew which hung over the walkway providing some welcome shade on a day like today.

I looked back to my path as each person who walked past moved as far as they could on the path to not be near her, some stepped off the walkway even, into the mud from yesterday's storm. I couldn't believe that people were avoiding this woman who looked so kind.

I came closer, her light brown, wavy hair fell loose onto her shoulders and one bang hung down into her eyes as she looked down at her books. She moved to push the bang back into place and glanced up. As I made contact with her bright green eyes I felt as though I had been searching for her for a while. 

She seemed curious at my approach, "Hi, I'm Abram."

"Hi, Abram. What brings you to my side of the walkway?" she quipped.

"No one else wanted to be on this side. I'm not like everyone else"

"I can see that. Do you need something?"

"Company, if you don't mind. I'm heading to the union now to grab a bite to eat. I don't like eating alone."

"That sounds nice," she said as she packed up bag. She reached her hand towards me and I hoisted her up, her hand felt like ice.

Before I could offer a coat she asked, "Where are you from?"

"Georgia"

"It's hot there," she noted.

"You're telling me. I traveled around too but it never got any cooler..." I trailed off.

She looked at me concerned. "Do you know why they wouldn't come near me? It is because they are not ready to meet me."

I was confused, "What does that mean?"

"They see me as something... other, something painful. But you, you see me as something welcome, calming, safe.

"You're beginning to notice it, aren't you Abram? You're noticing that things aren't quite right here."

Things seemed to shift. It wasn't just a warm day, it was hot, easily 38 degrees. She continued, "How long did it take you to unpack, Abram?"

"I don't kn..." I couldn't remember unpacking. I couldn't even remember what my room looked like. Pain shot through my chest, I looked down to see blood staining my shirt. I almost collapsed but she caught me with her strong but firm grip.

"Syria," I gasped, pain arced through my body.

She gently placed her hand on my face, "It's okay, Abram. I am Death. You are safe. You are home."