"They're fuckin nuts, that's what they are." 

The Qwyvvrtt shook his mane, the vines sliding like snakes across his barrel chest. A few small petals fluttered to the floor, the spring pollination season just drawing to an end.  His friend perched along the side of the wall, all creeping ivy and a multitude dark eyes with slow blinks that drank up the world. Two wide saucers allowed their roots to splay easily across the enhanced water, passively sating their thirst.

"They implant themselves with metal. They become half machine. It is absurd." The ivy rasped, voice carrying easily over the creaking wood and tight skinned patter of movement of the normally quiet bar. 

"Forget metal, someone told me the beings from Dirt will rip chunks of themselves out to save another Dirtwalker." 

"And they just live like that? With someone else's limb? That's just-"

"Ugh, I know. Barbaric. How they even lived long enough for space travel, I don't know." 

I stretched a lingering ache out of my elbow, listening in with half an ear as my other patrons chatted with the slow , tired rumble I'd learned to associate with the end of spring. The low music only eased their relaxed contentedness.

Except, I guessed, for those two. 

"I watched a documentary that said they regularly applied acids and burning chemicals to their extremities. That they still punctured their own flesh for amusement." 

They both shuddered. 

"Can you imagine scorching your leaves just to look more autumn?."

"Gross, please, I'm trying to drink." 

I laughed, sliding over to plant my elbows on the bar, grinning at them. Bright blue hair fell over my shoulders, freshly dyed.
Several piercings lined my ears, and a bright blue bandage at my elbow stuck a little to the polished chrome of the bar. 

"Sorry for the delay boys, I'm still a bit woozy from a blood donation this morning. Can I get you anything." 

My grin widened as their leaves rippled in horror and shock, and they muttered quiet negatives. Still, I filled up their water bowls (cloudy and cold - just the right amount decay to feed the fungus that lived in their tangled beards. The ivy shank back as I grinned at him. 

"Don't be afraid to reach out if you need anything." 

They nodded, and I retreated, prosthetic foot clicking against tiles.

"You know what it means when a human smiles, ssthahs?" "Hm?" "Documentary said they're descended from warm blooded animals, so it's either a gesture of comfort, amusement... or a threat." 

"We should tip, ye? That's a human custom..." 

"Yup." 