Dear diary,

Today I celebrated my three hundred and eleventh birthday, and it was most enjoyable. While I am by far the oldest in my family and among my many good friends, dear me I am the life and soul of the party still. 

The rejuvenating treatments that keep ageing at bay don't seem to do the same to my friends, for they are never ones to pull practical jokes or propose wonderful adventures. But they are lucky that they have me too keep them young!

Now, back to the party. Jeremy was the first to arrive, the dear young man. He's not even a century old, but he has such a caustic wit. Earlier today he made such a jape that I am still chuckling now. He asked if I had not seen enough of the world that I would be bored of life and should take a long walk of a short pier! Ha, what a cad. 

I had a wonderful spread of food and gifts, as befits a man of my age and sprightly vigor. Now when I say my friends aren't ones for jokes and pranks, I must admit, today they caught me by surprise. The buggers had only had a whip round and bought me a coffin! Oh how I laughed! What a wonderful gag gift. I shall keep it for this Hallowe'en party or something. 

What else? Oh yes, Terrence and Mary have bought me a bungee jumping gift voucher, Tim has bought me a lovely set of marbles but unfortunately the bag split while I was coming downstairs and it's only by luck that I managed to gain my balance before falling. Emma gave me a lovely watch, and she hid a snake in the box. A snake! I don't mind telling you that I got quite a shock before I realised she was in in the joke. The blighter nearly bit me!

After that I treated them all to a few of my stories, which always gets a good-natured groan but I know I am a rather gifted storyteller, for I never leave any details out and I can talk for hours and hours! They are rather lucky to still have me around, for most people tend to bow out at two centuries - however I have many more good years in me!

Ahh we had such fun, and I shall be sure to plan some even more outrageous jokes at the next gathering. After all, I'm almost a hundred and some years older than these young pups so I can teach them a trick or two!

Now, I must finish this entry, and book my car into the garage. The bloody brakes have stopped working again, I think I shall have to buy something a bit more reliable.

I shall write in you tomorrow.
