"Wow, this is... Whats your name?"

"It doesn't matter..." The mess of human woman told me. Doubled over a table top counter with a bottle in hand, just panties and bra in  and smelling like several kinds of drinks. "You said, you're the second guy, right? Whens your brother getting here?" She straightened up momentarily to take a huge swing from the bottle in hand.

"My brother won't be here for a while. Has to stop by a couple of frat houses and drug dens. Humans like to over indulge you know." She eye'd me down for a few seconds before sputtering into some all to familiar deranged laughter. She rocked back and forth in her chair before the chair gave out, bringing them both to the ground, all the while still laughing.

Eons of countless lives and I've seen it happen time and time again. Folk so reserved or recluse, everyone else forget's they're around. Poor unlucky bastards. The laughter stopped. Just as suddenly, she threw her bottle against the ceiling, busting it into little pieces, watching the remains fall around the both of us. 

"So! This is it for me huh?" The words came out excited and bubbly. Didn't hide any of the venom one bit. "No family, no boyfriend, no children. No neighbors that know me, no employer. Not even the damn cats or dogs I fed remember me."

'Here it comes.'

The silence between us cracked as she began crying. She curled up on the ground, surrounded by broken glass and droplets of liqueur that she missed. I got up from my seat and easily picked her up and sat her back down on the chair next to me. Her crying became full blown bawling as she buried herself in her arms, pounding the table as hard as she could. I paid her a kindness as I stroked her back, trying to get her to calm down. My bony fingers felt warm and full of life, as I tried to bring her some peace.

"Listen," I started. She looked up from her arms at me. "I'm the guy who just does his job. I know its awful, horrible, etc. But look at it like this. You got to live. Know how many don't get that? Pfft. A hell of a lot more than those who did. Was it a good life? Hell no. But you got to do something an unending number couldn't. You're at the very least at the end of your journey."

She was still crying but she had calmed down tremendously. I reached into my sleeve and pulled out a simple gray flask, putting it on the table. 

"I'm not suppose to be doing this, but I think your case deserves it. Take a swig of that and you'll feel much better, I assure you."

She looked between me and the flask before taking it in her hands. She looked it over, shaking it slightly to feel its contents moving around. After wiping her eyes she opened it and took drink. She tried to empty it, not knowing that thing won't ever run out.

She leaned against me as the effects took hold. Her crying ceased, her breathing became steady and she sighed as she curled up against me. I heard the sounds of a bony knuckle tap against the door, letting me know he's here.

"You gave her some black water huh?"

"Of course. Hard to know you die again by being completely forgotten." He came up by us and tapped her gently on the head, easing her existence as her body rapidly aged along with the house around us. Not even her clothes remained. 

"Just another day on the job bro." He tried to comfort me, holding his scythe on his shoulder.

"Doesn't mean it never gets easy. Humans are some fascinating creatures."