One might call it a visual phenomena, like seeing floaty bubbles in the sky when you relax your eyes, but I knew what I'd seen. The light cutting into the room through the blinded window gripped the spindly fibres like a drowning man grips a rope and separated its translucence from the old cream-coloured walls and my mind rushed back to that time. When I was in the garden, I was young..
*****

"Shelly, dinner time!"

"Coming!" I shouted with a hungry urgency to my mother from the back of the garden. I'd been playing with my Barbie and Ken dolls all afternoon and the garden tea party had gone splendidly. I rushed back inside and threw my shoes in the corner and popped into my chair next to where my father was sat reading the newspaper.


"Shelly, Barbie and Ken don't need to be at the table right now dear. How about we put them back upstairs, OK?" I was 7, I had little to no idea about manners but I knew my father prefered an organised table at dinner time. Smiling and nodding I trotted out from the kitchen and up the spiralled staircase, through the hall and into my room. My doll's house was big and beautiful. It hadn't been used much in the last few weeks save for storage because it was too hefty to warrant moving outside for use in the beautiful, warm Kent summer weather but it was as beloved as any other posession a 7 year old girl would have. It sat, elegantly, beneath the window. I dropped to my knees and opened the front of the house and placed Barbie into the bathroom to remove her make-up. I lent Ken, delicately up against the living room wall in the most cool pose I could imagine: hands on hips - bold, I know. Turning away from the house I placed my hands on the ground to move and I felt a presence on my arm like that of goosebumps shaping up, except they were rising and falling along my arm quicker than I could understand. A spider ran, like from the spider police, up my arm and onto the back of my neck. I glimpsed its low, black form skitter from my elbow to my shoulder and involuntarily lurched and squealed like a building in high winds. I was moving so much that I could no longer tell what I was feeling, I was moving so much I couldn't tell if I could see the spider dead on the floor or limping away. I shut my eyes and stood and waved my arms around and howled and before long both parents were in the room holding me and consoling me on my first irrational traumatic experience.

*****
I never really recovered from that fateful day. When I saw Patrick suspended like a marionette, and looked up to see the 8ft legspan of the London Megatarantula, all my therapy - everything I'd worked for - was blown apart. My arms went up, my tear glands switched on and I stood and panicked and the world went black. *Oh my, oh my*. My legs folded, I just sat there and waited for those sensations I'd felt as a girl but a million fold. The fear of anticipation was unbearable, just shutting my eyes wasn't anywhere near enough to make this thing go away.
	
Hours passed. I sat in the silence of the room, worn from fear like a runner from an overly-ambitious jog. I sat up straight, took a deep breath and opened one eye as little as humanly possible. Looking through the dewey, haze of dried tears, I could still only see black. A deep, shiny black and.. me. I screamed louder than I ever had, the spider was everything in my vision, staring at me with my own reflected eyes. And then, a quiet, scratchy voice.
	

"Shelly, *now* can we play dolls?"