The Dijin shook his head.  

"By Solomon..." he said looking at the chaos that was rising at the local Comic Con.

Local authorities had been called but were useless--however to their credit those who were dressed as superheros were performing acts of outrageous heroism.

A rather confused woman ran by apparently naked.  Naked is a strong term.  She apparently had arrived in a fursuit, and now was an anthropomorphic cat like creature.  Did she start out as a woman?  Maybe, maybe not.  The madness seemed rather unending.

The young 13-year-old whom the Dijin now called master was giddy with excitement as he swung the 'toy' lightsaber around, cutting yet another railing in half and laughing at the molten metal dripping from the rails.

"This... Is... AWESOME!" the young boy shouted.

The Dijin tried to fathom how such a simple, single wish, could possibly have done so much damage.  Normally keeping the scope vague when granting such a wish would involve more self-destructive properties.  That was the point, after all.  Dijin didn't do this kind of thing for the benefit for their Masters, rather for their detriment!    
The Dijin tried to think of the wish he had unleashed: "I wish all the toys and costumes were real!" was all he said -- of course the Dijin made this wish happen all over the world wherever men walked.  

Granted it had been a couple thousand years since he was last out--'toys' used to be nothing more than paper tigers and dancing dragon costumes.  

The rather concerned Cat-girl creature was staring blankly into a mirror, still processing the entire situation not too far off.    
A rather large man with a ridiculously large chin dashed by, shouting random over the top exclamations and almost cartoonish physical movement.  
Suddenly from behind him a large blue man tapped the Dijin on the shoulder. 

He turned, perplexed.

"So... Should I fix this or should you?" the man said, looking like Disney's Genie.  

The Dijin's face falls, staring blankly, "I feel insulted."

"BEST-DAY-EVER!" the young master shouts.

The Dijin places his head in his hands, "If you can do something, please, do it." he groans, "I just want to go back to sleep."