Pinching the bridge of his nose with the force to collapse a small skyscraper, Thor tried to relieve some of the frustration that had been pounding in his head. Pointing to a map of earth drawn out in a similar fashion as a football play he started to explain the newly revised apocalypse plan: The Olympian Ragnarok, King James Version. 

“Okay, okay, okay, listen we can kill two ravens with one hammer here. Poseidon, you and Neptune can have free range of the oceans, and seas while the titans get ports, lakes, and all smaller bodies of water. This allows them more mainland destruction and helps unison them against most of humanity. But as per this deal I get all storm fronts and cloud coverage. This will lead to...”

“Hold the phone.” Interjected a clearly confused and agitated Zeus. “Why do you get storm fronts? I’m the god of the fucking sky?!” 

“Yeah, you’re the god of the sky, I’m literally the god of storms” retorted an annoyed Thor. “We’ve been over this a billion times in the last century, I bring the rain and thunder, you get to mix in the lightning for an all around diverse effect and larger target audience.”  

“But what am I supposed to do with your clouds in the way?” “Asked a heated Apollo, clearly just as done with this conference as the other Greeks. 

“We’re going in shifts, you get the eastern hemisphere along with Ra, and Osiris for the first week, there will be no clouds and you guys can fester, and equester, no offense, Pestilence.” 

The pale horseman nodded calmly “I get it all the time, it’s good wordplay too.” For as exclusive as they are the horsemen seem pretty cool, I wish they would have more input though, thought Thor. Athena gave some structured criticism 

“But what about the attack on the western front? We’re just supposed to go wild? That’s strategically a terrible idea.” 
The room fell quiet, for as smart as Athena was, nobody wanted to break it to her that they didn’t really need strategy for this fight. 

Without making eye contact Thor muttered “Uh, I mean, kind of, I guess, but they don’t really have weapons that can hurt us sooo....” He was nervous, his father told him Athena, although not an incredible threat on the spot, was an unyielding force with time, he tried redirecting he conversation. “What say you, Jesus? Got any cliff notes?” 

“Yeah, about ten’ish of them.” He responded, there was some modest chuckles which was a nice way to break the tension. “First off how are we entering the human’s realm? Is it gonna be flashy? Or do I have to roll another big stone around because honestly it was kind of a bummer to not see their ‘oh shit’ faces after all that hard work.” 
For as small as a concern this was, it was nice knowing that things were somewhat coming together, Thor didn’t even know how he ended up as the voice of reason, he was definitely not the best equipped to handle the negotiations, but it was looking like things were finally coming together if that was the biggest concern Jesus had, he was usually pretty particular. 

Without warning Hermès rushed in. “Guys hold up, everyone is nuking each other and Dionysus is nowhere to be found.” 

“Oh God damn it” exasperated Zeus which turned everyone’s heads. “My bad, I know it’s an attention grabber, old habits though. I’ll go sort this out.” Everyone inched to the edge of the clouds looking down on what was clearly a destroyed world. 
Thor turned to Loki “did you have anything to do with this?” 

“Not really I mean the dude was super drunk and I just told him it kind of sucks that he doesn’t get invited to these things so maybe he should just try his own version as a test run. I didn’t think he would actually do it just to boost his resume.” Thor rolled his eyes clearly annoyed at the whole purpose designated to Loki. 
Zeus came back with Dionysus on his shoulder passed out, looking ashamed and defeated he simply stated “at this point I know it’s a problem, we’ve tried interventions but there really isn’t any stoping him. Short version is everyone is dead and we just need the clean up crew to go do some harvesting. My formal apologies guys, he promised he wasn’t gonna do it this time.”

 “So what do we do now?” Asked Hera, who had been completely ignoring the whole meeting all together. 
Gaia sighed “Well it looks like we will have to start over AGAIN, I’ll go work on some restoration projects, and this time put Dionysus in the drunk tank BEFORE the meeting.” 

“I know I know.” Said Zeus. “Same time next millennium?” 

“Yeah I guess, but we’ll keep this revision and just wing the rest, no need to get caught up in politics, you think we would’ve learned this by now.” shrugged Thor. 
Death at this point had suited up and changed into her work attire. Before she took off to collect the souls of the dead she interjected “I know I don’t have much experience on this end of things but you know I think you guys should just do a rotating system, Ragnarock for one iteration, then Greeks, romans, then Egyptians. It would certainly cut down on conference time.” 

Thor, Zeus, Jesus, Ra, and Vishnu all looked at each other. “That kind of solves all of our problems actually.” said Vishnu. 

“I put in all of this time and effort into this, and you just want to do a rotating system?!” Whined Thor. 

“Simmer down hash brown, if anyone should be used to cyclic systems it should be you” joked Zeus “and besides, this way we never have to meet again except for on birthdays and creation events.” 

“Fine, fine, just let’s clean this up and get this over with.” At this point Thor was more than over this whole experience. 

“Already on it” boomed God, who turned off the lights to the universe, and coughed a bit to clear his throat. God was excited, this was his favorite part. 

“Man he has so much ego” whispered Loki. “SHH, he hates being interrupted.” Snapped Odin. And with everyone watching and nothing left to discuss God let out his favorite one liner 

“First there was nothing....”