Hunger eats him away as he stares into the translucent cup. A few pennies, nickels, and dimes, Not enough to buy a bag of chips. The man has lost track of when he last ate. A brisk draft passes by and the man brings his knees to his chest. He carefully lifts his cardboard, cautious as not to crease it any further and gently places it in front of his bent knees. 

His thoughts wander to food again. He reassures himself that this is not new, that he has had it worse. He tries to go back to time when his life was whole, but hesitantly returns to the present. His thoughts continue to linger on his hunger. 

Another brisk draft passes by and the man brings his knees tighter to his chest. He decides that the message on the cardboard  has lost its luster so he carefully turns it to its other side. In clear, bold letters the message reads $20 WILL GET ME A WARM BED FOR A NIGHT AT A MOTEL.

He had learned early on that the evenings call for a more direct and desperate message. This brings him the most donations from the more sympathetic passerbys. The same message loses its effectiveness during the day as the strangers hastily walking by believe he has ample amount of time to procure the $20 needed for his sweet relief.

A few brief cold moments later, a small, wrinkly, bony finger reaches into his cup and leaves him three crisp dollars and some change. He looks up to see his benefactor and meets the gaze of a small gray-haired woman. She gives him a lasting, sympathetic smile as she turns and walks away. The man watches her walk off into the distance, her smile etched on his mind. 

As the night grows darker and the people start to dwindle, the man glances at his cup. From a glimpse he knows he does not have enough, so he grabs a few bills and stuffs it into the pocket of his jeans, hoping that a sparse cup would garner him a few more supporters. 

The cold night continues without much movement. As the street shrinks, so does the man’s hope of a warm night indoors. When he is sure that no passerbys are nearby, the man reaches into his pockets and searches for the crumpled bills. By the dim street lamp, he begins to count. He has enough for a bed, but not for food.

A cold breeze brushes past him with a stinging sensation. With the empty streets, each gusts cuts through him like a sharp knife. The man dawdles for a bit. He looks at his sign and assesses it’s depth. He moves to the corner of a deli, sheltering him from the strong winds. He decides to brave the night outside. His hunger meant more to him than warmth. 

He runs into the deli to buy a loaf and water. He staggers for awhile and acts as if he is deciding which drink to buy. He takes the time to savor the heat of the tight walled enclosure. He is interrupted by the store owner who urges him to buy his food and leave. 

Back outside with his hunger satiated, the man wonders to himself if he made the right call. He counts his money again hoping that he made a mistake. $16.53. Disheartened, he lies down on his side and pulls his knees up to his chest. He carefully brings his sign up to cover him as if it is a blanket. As he struggles to sleep, the message on his sign becomes bare: SCIENTISTS MADE ME IMMORTAL. NEED MONEY TO FIND CURE AND FEEL HUMAN.

