I stared hard at the bowling pins sitting on my carpet floor, contemplating the condition of my sanity. I mean, I guess there was nothing to really contemplate by that point- I'd certainly lost it around the two week mark. I mean, I'd put ping pong balls up my *ass*, for God's sake, just to see how far I could launch them. They didn't even go anywhere! What a horrifying trip to the ER.

I suppose I should rewind a little bit.

There's nothing that can really explain my situation, so I'll keep it brief: once a year, I'm transferred into another person's body by some kind of curse-bullshit. I have to figure out what their single most honed skill is in order to return to my body. Usually, I get it down in about a week- ice skating, basketball, driving, eating hot dogs. Sometimes it gets weird, but usually it's just simple stuff.

Well, I'm at a month, now. A month in this guy's weird, pale, scarred body... he doesn't even have any friends, for fuck's sake. I mean, I guess that's a good thing given the situation, but still...

The bowling pins I'd ordered from Amazon were mocking me, I knew it. *It's not going to work, dumbass,* I could hear them telling me. 

"Yeah, well I've got to try something, God damn it." I picked three of the ground and tossed one into the air, throwing up a second one when it peaked. The third one went up smoothly, but the first one landed on my foot, leaving me incapable of catching the second, which smashed into my bowl of cereal. The third hit my other toe.

"Son of a *bitch*." I sat down and rubbed my feet. "I mean, what the fuck could this guy be good at? Is this just my life, now? Am I a circus act for the Devil?"

I heard rustling in the room behind me- not loud, just *barely* noticeable. It was so faint I was surprised I'd heard it. Carefully, I crept forward along the hallway, staying low and keeping my feet light. Time seemed to slow in line with my heartbeat and breathing, like I could feel every second and dance across it.

*Turn.*

I spun around, ducking instinctively, and shoved my palm straight into the bridge of my attacker's nose. I could feel it crunch under the pressure, and keep going until there was no fight left in him. He was dead.

And yet, I was still calm. My heart was not racing; my breathing was not disturbed... I hadn't even broken a sweat. *Is this...*

My eyes returned to the limp body before me, scanning the poor bastard. He looked... familiar. 

Too familiar.

My nerves of steel had corroded, and the stillness of my body was gone. For the man I was looking at, dead on the ground...

Was me.

----

^*/r/resonatingfury*