I wasn’t often fond of birthdays. They were noisy, inconvenient, and overrated – additionally, a drama hotspot. Never had I attended somebody else’s birthday celebration without hearing about an extreme heartbreak, a stupid fight, or some sort of legal issue. I say “hearing,” because I made it a habit of mine to leave before I ever had to witness anything of the sort. 

Ever since George Lewis’ political party rose to power, that soon stopped being an issue. Not that it bothered me at all – buying presents was such a hassle. Besides, there was hardly anything decent to buy; most people would bring hand-made gifts.

I was not upset. 

“James? Are you awake?” I heard a whisper emerge from a door, the gap between it and the wall growing larger as it creaked.

“No,” was my reply, and I rolled onto my side. It was my father, already dressed for work, given his long working hours. He was the only person I grew up with, my mother having left when I was young. At least that’s what he told me.

He sighed. “It’s your eighteenth birthday today.”

“I know.”

“How does it feel like to finally be an adult?”

“No different from yesterday.” I turned my head towards him, his complexion darkened by the lighting behind him. If I squinted, I would have only seen his silhouette.

His hand moved from his side up to the back of his head. “You know, now that you’re eighteen, you need to go take that – that test. The DNA test.”

“I’ve been thinking about it for the past week.”

“You really don’t have to take it if you don’t want to. They won’t notice one person not making an appearance, I’m certain.”

“It’s against the law, Dad. I don’t want the authorities breaking down the door when we barely have the money to pay for its repair. Besides, it can’t be that bad. You know I’ve never been afraid of needles.” He seemed oddly hesitant after hearing my response. Was the notion of a conforming person so unnatural with a law so strict?

“You don’t need to worry about that… Maybe just stay home.”

“I’ve already made up my mind.” 

There was a resounding silence in the darkness of my room, sunlight creeping out from under the blinds and resting upon my scattered bedsheets and stacked books. 

“Then I’ll have to drive you there on my way to work. Get dressed – now.” He turned around and followed the hallway to the living room which transitioned into the kitchen. It was not a very large house.
I pulled the bedsheets off and eyed my wardrobe carefully, not knowing which of the three shirts that I owned would look the most well-presenting. I came to the conclusion that, no matter which shirt I chose, I’d look the same. All I had to do was brace myself for the endless jokes thrown at me about how much I resembled Lewis. Surely, the doctors would comment on that too - as did the endless amounts of shop-owners, classmates, old women, and pedestrians.

After pulling up the blinds, I took one look at myself in the mirror and pondered. So, maybe my face did have some sort of resemblance to Lewis. I mean - our beloved Leader, Lewis. Imagining the consequences to spouting his name so “disrespectfully” had the hair on the back of my neck rising. Whatever; I shook my head and turned to stretch the bedsheets in a way that rid me of at least a small percentage of dissatisfaction that I had every time I laid my eyes upon the room. 

“Are you coming, James?” I heard my father yell from the other room, slightly flustered.

“Yes.” Though I had not propelled my voice across the house, it was still audible and firm. 

The wooden floorboards seemed to squeal with every step I took towards the living room, as if they were warning me about potential disquiet. My shadow flowed eerily upon them, flooding the cracks that caused distortions in its contour. Eventually, I had reached my one trusty pair of shoes and began untying the laces to reduce the chances of unleashing overdue frustration. I never knew what I was angry about until something tiny irritated me.

My father didn’t comment on my attire – he never did. All he did was stand in the doorway and watch as I finished equipping. “Let’s go.”

We walked over to our average car - red and rusty, but it did the job. No one really had flashy cars, except for the exceptionally rich, and the renowned members of the fascist party, although those could be considered one and the same. 

He unlocked the car and I let myself fall into the shotgun seat, pulling onto the seatbelt while in midair as if I were used to doing this. I really wasn’t. The motor was soon turned on and we took a left towards the hospital.

“Do you want cake, since it’s your birthday?” he asked, making conversation, trying to draw away both our attentions from the DNA test.

“No. I also don’t want anybody coming over.”

“Not even your friends?”

“I’ll talk to them at school; it doesn’t matter.” I knew he didn’t like me secluding myself from the world, but it was just another step taken to avoid nuisance and discomfort. I could deal with a couple of friends coming over, but I didn’t exactly want to. I knew they’d only want to talk about the DNA test, as most of them are younger than me. They’d want to know what to expect, and it was more fun for all of us if it were kept a surprise. Maybe if I didn’t mention my birthday, I wouldn’t have to undergo any questioning.

I watched him exhale as we approached the road where the hospital was apparently located at. “Dad,” I asked.

“Yes?”

“Why don’t you want me to go so badly?”

His eyes grew still. “No reason. I just heard the tests weren’t all that accurate, that’s all. So if you get a dodgy result, don’t worry about it too much.”

“A dodgy result? Like what?”

“I don’t know. I just thought of it as a waste of time. If anything does go wrong, tell me about it today, at dinner.”

He started to pull up on the sidewalk. “Sure.”
I exited the car and gave my father a wave as he went on his way to work. Thoughts of getting a questionable result were practically nonexistent. The technology nowadays was advanced enough for a DNA test to be done correctly, unless the quality of the check-up wasn’t the same for people like us. Anyway, I continued my walk down the pavement until I reached the tall glass doors of the hospital. Everything looked pristine and well-attended to, as if it were thoroughly cleaned every hour. Despite an abundance of people occupying the space, the floor was not contaminated with dirty footprints. Either my cleaning theory was correct, or people just wore really clean shoes.

Waiting in line at the reception took less time than I had imagined. Maybe if I finished early enough, I could drop by Damien’s house on my way home. When it was finally my turn, I was met with a redhead who radiated an aura of politeness and excitement. A person who was genuinely happy to be working at the hospital.

“Hi; I’ve just turned eighteen today. I’m supposed to be taking a DNA test…” my hands wandered to my pockets in order to draw out my ID. I unfolded my wallet and showed it to her as she nodded, her blue eyes scanning the computer’s screen cautiously. She was, in one sense or another, really pretty.

“Alright. If you could just follow me, I can escort you to the testing room where we can begin. I’ll have to warn you, though, that we need multiple types of samples in order to yield the most accurate results,” she spoke, her voice as clear as melting ice. It felt almost satisfying to hear her talk, even if she were a mile away, talking to someone of no relation to me. 

“Yeah. I’ll be alright.”

We strolled down another white hallway towards an open door, where a gloved doctor and his assistants were waiting patiently. 

“This is James Fowley. He’s here for his DNA test.”

The doctor took one look at my face and smirked at his colleagues. “Ha, are you here to find out if you’re related to the Leader?” A ripple of laughter erupted amongst the staff.

“He really does look like Him.”

“But He never had any children.”

“The kid’s not that lucky.” Lucky? Who would want to be related to a dictator?

I spoke for the first time, “I’m here just so that I don’t break the leader’s laws.”

They grew more quiet. “Careful how you spout his name, young man. You never know who’s listening,” said the doctor, putting on his gloves. “Sit down.”

“Luckily for you, we have a monitor right here which can automatically display your genetic information, as well as anyone else with the same information – a relative,” the redhead spoke again, pointing at the green text that seemed to move with the speed of light down the screen. 

I laid back in the chair as nurses appeared with needles, scissors, and cotton swabs. Even before, I was aware that I’d have to go through the gruelling process of extracting blood. Last time I had done so, I fainted standing upright. It was an enlightening experience.

They tightened an elastic chord around my bicep as they inserted the needle into my vein precisely, waiting for the necessary amount of blood to be drawn. When they were done, I was patched up, and had a cotton swab pressed against my cheek, gathering skin cells. I was even asked for a hair sample, which I agreed to, merely because I was too afraid to disagree.

I watched the redhead talk to several people of different levels of authority throughout the process as some sort of method to relieve my anxiety. After half an hour of waiting inside the room, the doctors finally came back, ready to reveal my own genetic identity, as well as that of my relatives.

(cont. in the replies bc of the character limit)
