The air whistled painfully in my ears as I was bounded back down to Earth. It felt like a jet engine around my head, pressuring my insides into some anatomical mess. My extremities were numb, most likely frostbitten from the absolute cold of the atmosphere blasting past my hapless body. All around was a fast blur, quickly blending more blue and green into my peripherals as the gazing stars faded out of sight. But none of this mattered. I could only focus on the caped figure bombarding me down. With his only his fists?? This was impossible. I barely got out a ‘How?’ between the cascade of inhuman strength pounding into my chest.

But there wasn’t enough time to dwell on the unknown. My impending death was just meters away, where I would be cratered into the ground. Surely, the impact would shatter every bone. There would be no surviving this. As the surface approached my back, my ears started to ring with a beautiful melody. Beethoven’s Moonlight Sonata. It felt fitting for the situation. It felt right. Inner peace washed away any lingering questions in the few moments I had left. Once past the treeline, I closed my eyes. I was ready for what was to come.

I awoke. The alarm was blinking 8:03 AM. I rubbed the remnants of the dream from my eyes, and swatted at the alarm. The music stopped abruptly. ‘Now I’m even dreaming of a worthy adversary,’ I scoffed to myself. It’s been quite some time since I felt in any way challenged.

After wiping out every last being that could be given the title “Hero,” life got a little boring. With nothing left that I could not take for myself, all my evil plotting seemed mundane. Apparently, everyone else in the world felt the same. There was no shudder in uttering my name. No gasps of horror when I entered the scene. No need to call reinforcements. I was treated more like an overindulgent child and just given what I wanted, no question asked. You want all the money in the bank? Sure. Demanding the world’s most valuable and rare resources? Here you go. Are you declaring the whole world under your control? Ok, World Supreme Leader.

All joy and pleasure was sucked out of my monstrous deeds. I guess that was the only way to stop the destruction that trailed my path. Well, it worked. A while ago, I decided to settle down in a little town up in Massachusetts under my birth given name. I thank myself every day for wearing that mask, even after total world domination. No one knows who I am. It allows me some reflection, some ME time. Maybe in the next decade or two, when new technology rolls out, a new wave of heroes will rise up and I’ll take my role again as the most awesome supervillain the world has ever seen. Heck, I might even start all over from scratch again. But for now, this average life will do. With a few exceptions.

I mean, come on. When you have power like I do, you have to give yourself a little leeway. A change in the traffic light there, a glitch in the credit card machine there. Nothing I was doing was hurting anybody, or even detectable. Just a light wave of the hand, and I was on my way. Treat yo self, amirite? Sometimes I even felt generous on a pitiful soul. If I saw someone running for a departing bus, the bus somehow stopped short just in time. A pigtailed little girl dropped her ice cream cone? It inexplicably fell standing up. I also devoted some effort to helping the homeless. With all the money in the world open to your disposal, a twenty dollar bill flying into someone’s lap brought me more pleasure than to just buy myself something.

My train of thought ended when I realized I was still in bed. I got up and started getting ready for the day. Hopped in the shower, combed my hair, brushed my teeth. That dream hung in my head all morning. It had excited me in a way I haven’t felt in years. But I knew that feeling would fade away soon, replaced with a dull acceptance of monotony.

I snapped my finger, and an egg cracked over the sizzling pan. I began daydreaming about dinner. ‘Feeling Mexican toni-“ A thunderous quake interrupted my thought. ‘Well that’s definitely weird, earthquakes don’t happen here…” I waved my hand and the TV turned on. Pointing my finger, I scanned the channels until I found the news reporting the natural phenomenon. No information was released yet. I went back to the egg. The yoke had cooked all the way through. It was supposed to be sunny side up. ‘Damnit. Even I can’t fix this.’ I pouted, returning to the TV with my breakfast. An on-the-scene reporter was standing outside an enormous crater. She was saying that no official statement had been released yet, but it looked to me like some meteor crashed. Interesting, but only mildly. As I was getting up to wash my now dirty dish, I heard the reporter exclaim, ‘Oh. My. God. Are you catching that?' I whipped my head, my interest now elevated. Something was floating above the crater. A cape waved in the wind patriotically. My interest peaked.

