              Turns out, I should've had an older brother. My dad is a lightning god and my mom is a literal witch who praises dark gods.
              What does that make me? The second-born child. My would-be older brother was killed and taken half by technologically advanced aliens who gave my father electric capabilities, and the other half went to dark gods who promised my mother an eternity of pleasure...if they gave them another half of a child.
             So why am I still alive? Well it turns out, I also had an older SISTER. They were twins. Not wanting to fight over who got the boy and who got the girl, the aliens and dark gods took half each.
              Now that you know my story, it's time for me to explain why I'm writing it. MY PARENTS ARE STILL HAPPILY MARRIED DESPITE HAVING KILLED THEIR ONLY CHILDREN! It scares me to think what they might do to me one day if they figured out they would gain some sort of profit by selling me. My father successfully took over America--North AND South--with his lightning powers, so he's too busy being prayed to by two-fifths of the world while my mom is too busy chanting some crazy voodoo stuff while I just sit in my room pondering if either of my parents barge into my room one day with plans to sacrifice me for their own benefit. I tried running away one time, but I ended up getting nearly electrocuted by the door knob, which was also cursed to avoid burglars (though I wonder what kind of burglars would come through the front door). Now I have ten large annoying boyles on my back that make it hard to sleep, and my right hand is burnt nearly to a crisp.
             Still, I love my parents, even though they're insane. I'm proud to be the son of such a powerful man and such a devoted woman. It makes me excited for my future. Maybe people will fear that I have lightning powers, or maybe the dark gods will grant me eternal pleasure like they did for my mom. My parents may be insane, but honestly, whose parents aren't?