Peter closed the door behind me - nice guy, but I could tell he had a bit of a short fuse. 

A few momemts earlier, as I approached his desk, he pointed to the door behind him and told me that my judgment awaited on the other side. He looked at me with a surprising kindness and asked if I was ready to face the person I had damaged the most in life. 

"Kelcie..." 

The instant that name escaped my lips Peter threw his pen, which landed with surefire accuracy between my eyes. "Wrong. You were the one friend she had in there and made the end of her life less of a living hell. She loves you."

"Her mother..." 

This time it was the stapler. I felt blood run down my nose.. dead people bleed? "Dumbass." He pressed a button and the door swung open. "Recent upgrade. Big Man says keys are out of style and we should get with the times." He gave me a wry smile. "Go on in. Your judgment awaits." 

I didn't recognize the man sitting across the table. He wore scrubs, and I somehow knew he was a surgeon, like myself. He looked vaguely familiar - had I met him in med school? Did I mess up that badly with this guy and not even know it? Was I the one person whose success kept him from achieving his dreams and left him with a debt he couldn't pay? What did I do to him?

"Are you going to say something?" His words cut through me like a knife - not a scalpel, but with similar precision. I would have rather been on the operating table at that moment, under the knife of one of the interns - heck, even one of the patients.

"Whatever I did, I'm sorry." 

"What did you do, exactly?" 

"I'm sorry?" 

"Confession time: what did you do in life that got you here?" I laid out my sins and failures for him. My memory surprised me. I had been through this exercise many times before when my life had slowed enough to allow me to think, but never quite this in-depth. 

"That's enough," he cut me off mid-sentence. "You haven't changed." 

"What? Yes I have. I've held all those things in memory to remind myself not to repeat my mistakes, and in most cases I haven't." 

"But you never learned to forgive yourself. You keep dragging yourself through the mud for what you did or didn't do years ago, and you count your mistakes like a miser with his hoard of worldly wealth - so much that you don't even recognize your true self when you see him." 

And suddenly I did. The kind eyes, the understanding half-smile,  the look of pure compassion - wax that really how I looked at other people? I had never seen that expression in the mirror.

"As a child we were told to love our neighbor as ourselves, and we thought we took it to heart. But we only understood half of it. We never learned to love ourselves as well as our neighbor, so we never learned how to truly be - or accept - happiness. Your last test is to learn to love yourself so we can accept true happiness in our heart, because that is heaven."

"I don't think I can."

"Well, I know someone who can help." He pressed the intercom. "Send her in."

A door opened up behind him, and a beautiful little girl ran to where I sat, motionless.

"Kelcie..."