“Dawson?”

“Huh..yea..some folks call me as such.”

A young man with slicked back hair stood before a man wearing sunglasses sitting cross legged on an egg white swivel chair.

“It’s an honor, sir. You’re a huge inspiration towards my craft.”

The one called Dawson flicked his half-way smoked cigarette to the concrete floor below, saying, “ehh, cut the sir bullshit out, will ya? You can call me Dawson or whatevah..But not, sir, definitely not.”

Dawson spat on the floor and wiped his mouth with a leather sleeve.

“Sure. So, I must ask you. The invitation...it says there is a breakthrough in the code. It’s huge...I mean..I’ll lend my assistance if necessary.”

Dawson replied, “yeah a breakthrough. Here’s ya breakthrough.”

Dawson stretched out a closed fist towards the young man. “Take it.”

The young hacker let Dawson’s “it” fall into his palm. “It” was two pills. One blue. One red.

“Dawson? I don’t understand.”

“What’s there not to understand, kid. This is 'Operation Y2K'. In the year 2000 the world will end. But here’s the kicker. The world already ended. Now you won’t believe me, so those little pills there...yeah, that’s the codebreaker. Trust me, they ain’t laced with any shit. You swallow the red one and you’ll be stuck with the reality of doomsday. You eat that little blue one and you’ll stay here with all the well to do folk who enjoy livin’ in Lala-Land. It’s your call. I ain’t tellin’ ya which one is the bettah choice...just don’t take both of ‘em at once. That shit will turn you cuckoo. Trust me on that one.”

The young man was quite perplexed by the offer and was unsure of how to continue this chance encounter with the most elusive man in all of cyberspace. He had heard so much and now...he was being offered pills like a shady deal at the corner of Sampson and 82nd Street.

“Operation Y2K...yeah, I’ve heard the stories. Every computer will malfunction..Nukes will fall from the sky...Microwaves will burn the house down..-

\-”EH! You-you insinuating that I’m bullshitting you? Yeah, Mr. Big-time hackah from Central? I called ya here for a reason. I’ve only called three people so fah, uno dos three people, who got the chutzpah, the huevos, to take this shit on. Now if you’re gonna be a pussy then don’t take the pill. If ya wanna man, I mean MAN up like a human fuckin’ bein’ then take a pill. If ya make no decision you’ve still made one.”

“So, let me get this straight. The red one will show me reality, the blue will keep things the same...what’s the difference between not taking any pill and taking the blue?”

Dawson scoffed, “hey, kid. Do I look like some fuckin’ philosopher or somethin’? Like I said. If you wanna be a pussy then walk out and leave the pills to a real hacker who can really hack it…”

The young man looked at the pills in his hand for a second, looked back at Dawson, and then returned, “Alright. The red it is.”

As the pill fell into his belly, time seemed to stand still. All of sudden the room began to shake and blur. The drab colors of the ill-lighted boiler room blended into a mushy paste of gray and green.

Then he awoke.

“Happy day, oh happy day! The Prince has come, hoo-ray! Hoo-ray.”

The young man lay naked in the dirt. Surrounding him were rolling hills under a blazing red sun.

He groaned, speaking to the dirt:..”ugh..Dawson?”

“Tra-la!Tra-loo!Herrrrre he comes! The Prrrince, oh wise, oh true! The evil doers he hath slew! His flesh from whence we subjects grrew!”

The man pushed himself up from the dirt and found he was on the upper edge of a small canyon looking down below a dusty,narrow, water-deprived canal. Along the canal was a procession of 100-odd figures clad in crimson robes, their faces obscured. Among the procession one figure in yellow called out loud: “Oh Prrrrrince. oOo Prrrrrince. Ye come.Ye come! Look my brethren! Look my sistren! The first-born riseth firm!”

The one in yellow pointed towards a bend in the canyon. Emerging from it was what appeared to a snow white blob. As it grew closer to the procession the white blob defined itself more and more.

“My brethren the first offering from our Prince! The Castle of Bones!”

Before them, inching forward was a teetering 50 meter pile of human skeletons.

“Our Prince is so gracious. Soon we shall join his wondrous fortress! Yet...my brethren. O my sistren. My prince tells me we have a new guest of honour at this tremendous occasion. Look, mine folk! High above atop the canyon ridge!”

The young hacker’s heart slowed to a near-death pace.

The one in yellow cried out once more,“Hello there, sir! You shall join the Castle of Bones! Hoo-ray! Huzzah! Happy Day! O Happy Day!”