"This is her," said the hominid creature. The woman had sandy brown hair that was uncombed and fell wildly. She looked quite young. She had a look in her eyes like was ready to kill everyone in the room, but was perfectly calm and complicit. The inspector sat in a small square room with a just a square metal table and two metal chairs. On the table was a manila folder, the woman's dossier.

She was directed to sit down. She did. She first examined the inspector, then she stared at the floor.

"Rose Milena Vazquez," began the inspector. His demeanor was pleasant enough and he had kind eyes unlike the guards. In all fairness, though, she had trouble discerning any emotion at all from their eyes. "From our neighboring universe."

"Yes." She replied, not moving. The inspector paused for a moment before continuing.

"And, from what I hear," said the inspector, opening up the dossier in front of him, "You had an interesting occupation."

"Yes."

"And what's that?"

"Serial killer."

"Ah. Yes. And from what I hear," began the inspector, a stern tone overtaking his voice. "You have taken a similar occupation here in universe A."

"Yes." She kept still, but she could feel he did as well. He was staring. Trying to stare a hole into her head. But after a few seconds, he relented and returned to the folder.

"So tell me about this serial killer thing," he said, leaning back in his chair and clasping his hands behind his head. "I'm afraid I don't understand. And why did you leave? From what I've read, you were accomplished."

She looked up at him. As soon as they made eye contact, his whole body tensed up and he carefully returned to proper posture, adjusted his jacket, and set his hands in his lap. He motioned for her to begin.

----------------------------------------------------------------
In my world, the tattoos are our only disease. Most people are born with two. One is the name of their soul's mate. These two are bound from the moment that both have been born. The other is the name of their murderer. These two are bound backward... from the grave. A small number of us, like, me, are born with one tattoo. These are always assassins (Not the word for it, but it fit's better than serial killers). They are blessed with the acute sense of knowing when someone is to be killed by them. And we always do. You know why? *No, I don't.* There are two more known types of people in my world. The first is rare, but not so rare that I've ever met anyone who didn't know one. They have no tattoo. They choose lovers from the pools of those whose soul mates died and they are destined to die a painful death or become the fourth type of person. *a painful death?* When people are killed in my world, in time for their death, the flesh is called back to the ground. When they are not... the flesh is still called back to the ground when it's time. Assassins exist for this very reason. To die naturally is unbearably painful. The fourth person, is one who has let the earth reclaim their flesh and lived through the process. A walking skeleton.

*...*
*So, that's why you came here?*

... ... ... ... ...
... ... ... ... ...
... ... hm ... ...
... ... ... ... ...
... ... ... ... ...

He sat on the counter, across from me, and pulled the knife out of his hand. Blood pooled on the floor. He grabbed some bandages from the cabinet and clumsily yanked the spool around my hand. He only needed it to hold, for now. He was still as he could be. The dim white light from the table in the dining room next to us was the only light pouring into the kitchen right now. He was watching me as I watched him. Unblinking. A shadow falling over the left side of his face. I smiled. He smiled. I smiled more.

"There's no way out," I said.

"I know," he said.

"You were mistaken."

"No," he said quietly.

"They all are," I said beginning to laugh. "Every single one-"

"I said no-" 

"You don't get to choose," I said getting irritated.

"I know."

"I'm going to kill you."

"I know."

"Are you... aiming to make it fun for me?" I replied. "Like, are you serious?"

"Why not?" he smiled. It was a sweet smile. "Come here. I need to show you something."

I hopped down from the counter and walked toward him. I made note of the knives in the rack next to him and then returned eye contact while I figured out what I was going to do to him. He pulled one out of the rack and offered the hilt to me.

"Go ahead and do me the favor," he said as he handed it off and lifted up the left side of his shirt. "and stab me in the kidneys, should you decide not to accept my proposal."

"Ok," I chuckled. Normally, I would have just shoved the knife in.

"And twist," he said.
"And twist," I said.

"Read that," he said, leaning to his right to stretch out his left side. He tapped his tattoo with his finger. I couldn't read it. It was too dark. He flipped on the light switch for the kitchen. And there, I saw it. My full name. My full *Spanish* name. And, just beneath it? My full name. My full *Spanish* name. twice. I looked up at him.

"Take your time, kid," he said.

That was good because I couldn't move or speak for a few moments. My brain was racing. When it slowed enough, I had one question.

"What's your proposal?"

"Take your time," he said. "That's my proposal. Take as long as you need to kill me. One mark. For the rest of your life."

And, just like that, that killing feeling subsided. *So you married him?* Eventually. We were simply friends for a long time. His name appeared in a tattoo over my left kidney. One Mark. A long con. The rest of my life.

------------------------------------------------