Somewhere, in the schism between worlds, was a harbor. It lied nestled into a horizon between lives, enshrouded with a scentless fog that flowed from entrance to exit- from darkness to light. Souls rode the current of that misty river like paper boats in a stream, mindless, bobbing ever so slightly.

There stood a tower, a gnarled, jagged thing, the rotting tooth of an alligator dipped in ink, and atop it sat Death. The enigma of passing pooled more than he sat, like the misty river had been scooped, dyed a black only the dead may know, and poured over its spire. It was a dull job, watching the stream flow.

Usually.

Something had been changing over recent times- just how long was impossible to say- and it stirred interest in his foggy being. As of late, Death had come to expect it, almost feel the approach as though it had life, like a lone tulip thriving in a barren tundra.

He felt it. That strange heat; a warm mug on frigid hands. Death's form tightened, ripples compacting, as he pulled into a more solid body, though it still looked hazy.

A man, if indeed a man, approached, gliding out of the river like that place was his home and not the passageway for his end. Yet, if it was his end, how did he continue to appear? Why did he look so... *alive*, when he broached the membrane between planes?

And why was he so *damn* wonderful?

The Man approached, mist trailing behind him. His features almost glowed, compared to the dull gray of most passing souls. The sensation of it was still foreign to Death, though it had become friendlier. On his first approach, the reaction had not been so... wanting.

"Hello, friend." The Man's voice was smoother than pearl, and richer still. "We meet again."

"Indeed. I continue to wonder when the time will come that you should no longer appear, finally cresting this life you cling to." 

He smiled. "This gladdens me, Death, for you will be eternally in wonder. I imagine that is something you did not have before me."

"There are worse fates to suffer. This raises a question, though, one I have held my tongue on for some time now. What... are you?"

The Man's smile flattened, and his brow furrowed. "Hmm, I've been waiting for you to ask that. It's impressive that you waited so long, although I will miss the levity of our usual conversations. I don't know that I can give you any full answers, but...

"I am something different. This much, you clearly notice. Not a man, but an entity, much like yourself."

The swirling void stirred oddly at this. "If you're similar to me, why would you end, passing through this realm? Your form is of a human."

At that, the man's inviting grin returned again. "My form is of a human, friend, because they would have trouble accepting me any other way. I... watch over them, in a sense."

"Do they not wonder why the same man dies and reappears in the world?"

"Curious, today, are we? Very well- the answer is no, because my form shifts some when I re-enter their world. This one that I take around you is... a familiar one. A comfortable one."

"The first one you came to me with."

"Yes. I quite like it, though to return with it would bring chaos unlike any other. They're so delicate as it is, and I must avoid stirring any further controversy while trimming the hedges of humanity. Should I leave, the bush would grow wildly out of control."

Death's mist settled. "Then you are... a counter to me? A shepherd of life, rather than death?" 

The Man smiled deeper, his glow somehow more pervasive. It scattered madly across the swirling void that was Death, being devoured. "That is an apt way to put it, yes. I fear I must go now."

Like smoke blown into the wind, Death faded himself once more. "Lingering here is not a good thing. Thank you for entertaining me."

"Next time, let us return to levity. It is the only opportunity we get." The Man looked back as he returned, bearing an almost paternal look of satisfaction, then let himself be whisked away into a river of death illuminated by his presence. 

*/r/resonatingfury*