Due to staff illness, I was the only one on closing duty when the games arcade turned to chaos. 

I had closed and locked the doors to the public half an hour ago. It was dark outside. I had just started emptying the change machine when I heard a car rev its engine, loudly, *really* close to the entrance. I stopped what I was doing, baffled and a bit scared. A brutal clunking, banging noise began as I approached the doors and just as I pressed my face to the glass I saw the coin-operated Lightning McQueen ride break free from the chain holding it to the wall. It drove off into the night, sparks flying behind it. 

My mind went completely blank. I couldn't move for what I had just seen. Until a voice from behind me scared the shit out of me. 

"Ba-na-na?" 

I spun around. In front of me were two short rows of claw machines but no sign of another person.

"BAAA-NAAA-NAAAAA!"

Then I saw the Minion plushies in the far left machine start banging on the glass furiously. I walked towards them. "BAAA-NAAA-NAAA!" They were screaming at the Donkey Kong video game across from them. 

"What the fuck is happening?!" I yelled, I don't know who to. 

A blast of heat and sound of shattered glass erupted behind me. I dropped to the floor and rolled onto my back to see what had happened. A dozen stuffed dragons had broken free from their machine and were flying around near the ceiling. I got up, knowing I had to call 999. Toothless looked me right in the eye and I threw myself out of the way as it spat a fireball at me. I heard more broken glass and screams as the Minions took the hit. 

Two minutes later I was shaking and sweating in the manager's office watching the arcade floor on the security cameras. Mario and Yoshi were bouncing around on top of the slot machines. The stuffed dinosaurs had broken free and were eating the charred, injured Minions. The Pokemon were battling each other in the ticket office (thank fuck all of them were first stage evolutions). The Finding Dory characters were still in their machine, flopping and dying. Paw Patrol had fled as soon as they'd broken free. 

I hadn't been able to get through to 999. 

Things started to calm down once the dragons smashed through the front doors and flew away. The fish were dead, the Pokemon had either been KO'd or eaten by the dinosaurs who then also escaped. 

I examined the screens in front of me, one by one. There didn't seem to be any toy left inside the building. I was starting to feel relieved when I noticed that the door to the storage room was wide open and shreds of a cardboard box spilled out into the corridor. New merchandise for the machines had been stored in there. Had it escaped too? Could I leave now? 

I spun on the office chair and got up to go to the door when a deep, booming laugh came from behind it. Whatever was there banged on the door so hard that the wood began to crack. I remembered what had been inside the box. 

FNAF toys.





