"Stop! I said stop!" I shout chasing life through her now empty realm, what was once filled with billions of lives, and unimaginable destinations is now nothing but darkness. She falls to her knees crying. "Oh stop your whining you knew this day would come" I say as I catch up, you knew that your precious little game would come to an end. "Why?" she asks, Why did you kill all of my creations? Why did it all have to end? she was still crying as she asked all the questions I didn't have answers too. I bet you don't even know why I stopped here do you? Come to think of it I had no idea why she chose here to stop running, this spot did seem familiar but I couldn't put my finger on it. "That's right! This is where you killed mom!" she screamed at me. She was right, after taking so many lives into my realm I had forgotten this was the spot that I took my first. Why did you bring me back here? I demand to know! You know this brings me nothing but pain, I would've never become who I am today if it weren't for that horrible mistake. "I wanted you to feel the pain that you're making me feel by taking everything I have" she screamed once more. "That's enough" I yell as I grab her arm you're coming with me and that is final. She pulls her arm away and runs off further into the abyss, "Don't make me kill you too" I yelled as I begin to chase her. Just come with me peacefully and we can end this once and for all. "No I refuse to come with you by choice if I ever see the death realm again it will be when you take my last bit of life I have from my cold dead body" she screamed. I knew what I had to do but I was in no way prepared to kill my own daughter, I pull a knife from my side and throw it quickly at her leg. "Maybe I can just injure her enough to carry her home" I think to myself. She shrieks as the knife hits the back of her left leg, "You're seriously doing this" she screams I will never go back to the death realm, not again what part of that do you not understand? I sigh as I realize I will have to kill her, I pull my scythe from the sheath on my back, "one quick slice and she will be gone" I think to myself. I throw another blade into her right leg making her fall to the ground, walking up to her my footsteps echo, and my heart races. I raise my scythe and close my eyes as I swing down through her now lifeless body.