The office building lay cold and empty on a Monday morning. The siren blared, with a pretty but cold voice telling everybody to evacuate. The building was empty except for a single occupant on the forty-sixth floor. She was humming a pop song of the eighties, while pouring soup out of a thermos flask. That was when the concrete wall came to life, crumbling to bits to let in the daylight. 

“Fear not, Mighty Kong is here!”

“About time, too.” The granny’s response was surprisingly calm as she held up a hand to shield her eyes from the light. 

Kong’s eyes took a second to adjust to the darker interior of the building. He heaved a mighty sigh. “Mum! Not again.” 

“I made soup, why don’t you come down and have some?”

“But I’m busy.” Kong’s voice has always been infamously booming. But in that moment, he was mumbling. Slowly, he hovered closer and closer towards the elderly criminal. 

“I know you are, so I bought you some time. I picked four pockets – well, two of them caught me and gave me some change instead. I stole from the convenience store but the guy was like, nodding really violently to the noise in his earphones so he didn’t notice me at all. And here we are, a bomb hoax in the prime office building in the center of the city. Plenty to keep you occupied.”

“That’s not how it works Mum…” the hero began.

“Just hear yourself. Your throat sounds parched. C’mon, drink up before you say anything else.”

Kong let his toes slowly drop to the floor, and then his heels. A steaming bowl of soup was filled to the brim and set on the table, beside a thermos flask. Beside them were several wallets and some unopened packs of condoms. His mother was positively glowing with pride as she beamed at him. But her voice was dismissive. 

“Still having fun playing this hero thing eh?”

“It’s not much fun at all. The hours are irregular, I am on standby all the time. I get all sweaty and just yesterday, the kid I saved made a comment about the smell. I don’t even have time to buy deordorant.” He sighed. “It’s work, Mum. I’ve got to protect the city.”

“Right now, you’re protecting it from me. I’ll steal a few bottles of deordorant from the store next time. Here you go, drink up.” She held out the bowl of soup, which he finally took. 

“Please don’t steal anything anymore, Mum. I don’t enjoy turning you in.”

“Well, if only I could **buy** it for you,” her voice escalated in pitch and loudness, and then she swallowed the emotion, “and have you show up.”

“There, I’ve finished the soup.” He set down the bowl. “Please return those things Mum.” 

His heels bounced off the ground ever so slightly. “I’ll be back for the weekend, if things aren’t so busy. I promise.”

And then he zoomed into the distance until he became a speck in the blinding sunlight. 

“So all I’ve got to do is protect the city for the weekend, eh?” The granny muttered to herself as she went about keeping her things. 

---

2nd drafts eventually go [here](https://fivenswrite.wordpress.com).