I was bathed in light. It washed over me like a wave and images started to surface in my mind. 


I was six surrounded by all kids in my class as they sang the birthday song for me. Over the light of the candles I watched him mouth the words with the others, made my wish and blew. 


I was nine, sitting next to him during the break to help him with a math problem.


I was fourteen and lost in the museum during the school trip. Scared, so very scared. A hand held mine and guided me back to safety. His lips moved but I don't remembered the words. Just how warm his hands were in mine.


Eighteen now and graduating, before I say goodbye I ask for one dance. He has his date and I have mine. Odd how I can't even remember their faces, only his. The Savage Garden is all I hear and my feet don't even touch the ground. 


Twenty four now and an accountant trying to make my way in this harsh world. That day the elevator door opened and there he was. A moment passed between us and all I could hear was the beating of my own heart, feelings I thought were forgotten all came rushing back... Then he smiled and I just knew. 


Twenty eight and we are told that a child is out of the question for me. I felt his arms around me holding me close. There were words but I don't remember them. Just how warm he was and how I really didn't want to let go, I was so cold, so very very cold.


Thirty two and running in the park together. He runs ahead and I see him helping a kid that almost fell off his bike. We spend the morning teaching the little one how to do it until he was finally ready for us to let go. I look at his face and this feeling of coldness washes over me again. He loved children so. He smiled at me and pulled me behind him as he jogged dispelling my demons and filling me again with warmth. 


Forty five and my hair is turning grey, we celebrate Christmas with the family but then after all the noise and drama he stops the cab a few blocks away and we walk home hand in hand. He's rambling again but I just let the words wash over me. It starts to snow gently and I feel young again by his side.


Sixty and retired now. We finally have the time for our selves. I tell him we're too old but he waves away my protests. My silly old boy tricked me into visiting disneyland and getting on the rides with him, All because I told him I've never been. Who takes an old woman like me to disneyland.


The last memory comes. Me standing over an open grave as they lowered him down. All I could see was the roses over his... his... 


I opened my eyes and feel the wetness over my cheeks. Eighty now and all alone, the years after rushed by and I can't even remember them. All alone in this nursing home for the forgotten. It's so cold here. So very very cold. 


I made my request. If one thing in my life could be changed then it was that. I could never stand the cold. Everyone deserves to be warm, especially in the end.        