All at once everything strangely became calm. I slowly opened my eyes and saw shadows all around me. What just happened? I tried making sense out of my surroundings when, out of nowhere, a shadow of a person appeared in front of me. As I squinted, this person morphed into what appeared to be myself.

How bizarre to see myself standing right there. I was in a daze and didn’t know what to say. I looked left and right and saw hazy nothingness. Why was I even in this weird limbo of a place? When did I get here? For what seemed like an eternity, I finally decided to say something to myself out loud. 

“Why am I standing here? Why are you standing there? None of this makes sense.” I stood helplessly, as did my shadow. After a pause my shadow spoke, “I am here as are you because of what you failed to do during your life. Everyone knows they are only given a set amount of time on Earth and you had to go and spend a majority of that short life making mistakes and never living up to your potential.” With this there was a pause as we helplessly gazed into each others’ eyes. 

My shadow spoke again, “Do you realize all of the time you wasted beating yourself up over whatever life gave you? If you were happy, you had to find a way to turn it into misery. Likewise, if you were sad you were hysterical over the same memories over and over again. Did you ever get to enjoy your life?”

I could only stare back at myself and replay memories in my mind. Yes… I suppose I could never get over the pains of the past which hurt me time and time again. I never realized before how much unnecessary grief I was causing myself. Sure, there were times when bottling it up would have been disastrous instead of the usual crying, but part of healing includes letting go of painful memories. I hurt myself more than anyone else by holding on to the pains of the past and not making the most of the present. 

I meekly asked, “What can I do now? I don’t even know if I’m dreaming. Will I be able to wake up?”

My shadow just shook their head, “No, you’re here because it’s your time to go. I have been waiting for you and now our time is almost up. In order to move on, you need to forgive yourself of those painful experiences that you were never fully able to let go. That is the only way to stop the pain and continue on the path.”

My shadow spoke no more after that. A tingling of courage raced through my core and I immediately knew what I needed to do. I somehow realized what I was about to say was something that I truly felt for a long time but chose to punish myself for.

In a careful whisper the words escaped me; “I’m sorry for all of the pain I caused that I didn’t deserve. I love myself.” 

With that my shadow looked up and was no more. 
