Here Let me try this one

---
I stood there, my squad surrounding me as i fought this lunatic with my short swords, trying to find an opening. Meanwhile, memories of past lives came back to me - I had fought these kind of assholes a hundred times, over the course of well over 700 years, and for some reason i could still be surprised by the tricks they'd pull - i remember a guy way back before World War 3, before the world had plunged itself back to pre-technological times, with a very tribalistic leaning (most people who found "the technology of the ancients" - i still laugh at the phrase - spend most of their lives trying to figure out what something was used for - i remember a particular indecent involving a can opener and an engine alternator, but that's a thought for another time.) who had implanted himself with long blades - kind of like wolverine, only the blades were cheap flimsy steel - and managed to blindsight me when i least expected it.

Suddenly a gunshot went off, and i was pulled out of my memory by a bullet wound in my stomach (damn, of all the things to fall for) I coughed, grabbed my new stomach hole and sent my enemy the biggest shit-eating grin, and rushed the guy - impaling my chest on the guys sword, chopping the bastard's legs out from under him. He screamed, I Howled with Laughter before saying, as my vision flickered:

"Game Over!"

Suddenly, the weird and familiar feeling of my consciousness being pulled out of my dead body came over me, and i looked on the scene below - my squad standing around 10 meters back as i had ordered them if this should ever happen, and looking on the scene with shocked looks as my body began to glow - as the glow intensified, it blew up, vaporising everything in a 5 meter radius, as well as sucking the moisture out of everything in a 7 meter radius - taking the nutrients from the surrounding area that was needed to fuel the reversion process. And then it began sucking the explosion in itself - bringing me with it.

I opened my eyes, picking my tiny self up out of the small crater in the ground "Great, I'm a 5 year old Kid again, bet that looked epic to you guys though!" I said (my voice now a lot higher - the voice of my five year old self)

I looked around as everyone stared, open mouthed in with looks of shock and fear on their faces. One of them suddenly found their panicked voice and shouted " YOU - YOU'RE NOT HUMAN!"

Ouch, No matter how many times i hear that, its still my least favorite response - My favorite (and admittedly rarest) response is: "WOW! THAT WAS AMAZING!"

I sighed, welp, looks like i have to gain their trust and prove my humanity for the 1000th time!