The northern European landscape we now crossed was unrecognizable. It surrounded us with its monotone light-brown color of earth mixed with dust and ash. Occasionally this view would be enriched by the presence of pine trees, looking raw and strong like survivors. The pine trees had fought as was evident from the stance they had assumed, not standing straight and proud but leaning. Remnants of dust on the pine trees made it clear there had been no wind and rain in the last days. Just dust.

We had started with eleven only to end up with four people now. We had lost the others one by one, often followed by a small miracle. Each time we lost someone we would find water, food or shelter afterwards. The sense of tragedy was confounded by the knowledge that we were saved for a while longer. 

This had been a sparsely populated area to begin with and our strategy was to travel from shelter to shelter until we would get near the sea. We were traveling now for nine days without finding one and desperation creeped up on us. We encountered a small wooden two-floor cabin amidst some pine trees and what used to be a lake. The storms had clearly damaged the cabin but it seemed to be able to provide shelter. The dust-storms could begin any moment again. A mix of euphoria and suspicion hit the group upon entering when we saw a good stash of plastic bottles of water in the pantry. Someone must have stored this for their own survival. We found water often in abandoned establishments and sometimes dried foods or grains or if we were very lucky cans with beans or fruits. We also knew by now what event usually accompanied these small miracles and looked at each other with slight melancholy.

Food was difficult to come by. In the first weeks we could still hunt and fish but few animals survived in these conditions and the rivers got worse each day. We followed the rivers and lakes and each time we would catch one of the few remaining salmons it almost seemed as if it was send our way. Now we were hungry but we at least had water and shelter and were generally in a good mood. Tomorrow we would explore this area further with the cabin as base camp. We made a toast with the water and went to sleep.

In the morning I was awakened by my three companions who were rambling happily and full of unrest. They pushed a pair of binoculars in my hands and carefully guided me to the window where one of them lifted a corner of the tarpaulin. I looked through the opening with the binoculars and far away, between the pine trees was a moose. It had been the first wildlife we had seen since the heavy dust storms and could provide us with enough food to stick around here for a while. How it had survived I do not know, maybe it had a helping hand like we did in the last weeks. 
