I had seen it a before. My father groomed my brother since he was in high-school, telling him whom to go out with and whom to avoid. Years later, he got married with a high society girl; the daughter of a renowned war veteran who was then running for governor. His odds were the best and my father knew it. The marriage worked out for both of them. He won the race and my father won four more years of being on the inside, able to work his business without worrying about being pursued and overthrown by his competition. For my brother and his wife, on the other hand, things went from ‘happily married’ to ‘happy but married’. Not a year went by until it was obvious that they could not take it anymore. In weekly family gatherings they didn’t even try to keep up the act. 
As soon as my brother closed the door behind him, he pretended she didn’t exist. He would open a bottle of whiskey, sit on the farthest couch and smoke cigarettes, one after the other. She would grab a cup or two of rosé wine and spend the day talking with my sisters, and some times, just some times, with me. Usual questions involving my age, how school was going, and if I knew the daughters or sons of the high society. Back then, I didn’t really care about her questions, and I didn’t even know why she was so interested in knowing if I was friends with this boy or this girl. After all, I was a kid. Now I get why. And of course, given the family I was born into, I knew them all. And, like in everything else, some were good and some were bad, some were assholes, some intelligent and some so incredibly stupid. Some were everywhere, in the spotlight, and some others were just kind of there… nowhere. 
It was until the end of the day that my brother had to open the door of the house and go out with a fake huge smile on his face, holding his wife’s hand, pretending to be the happiest couple in the city, just in case there were paparazzi waiting to get a shot at them. 

A couple of years later my sister married a Portuguese man. It was completely unexpected, or at least it was for me. 
She had broken up with her lifelong boyfriend months before, and I could hear her cry every day. 
One day I heard my father and my mother talking with her in her room. Since that day she stopped crying about the whole deal, and suddenly there we were, toasting for a happy marriage with this older man with funny accent and ridiculous attire. 
From then onwards, I only heard from her two to three times a year, via long distance telephone calls. That was until my mother got ill and she came home for two weeks. Silent, cautious. My sister was a whole different person. We used to run away from home and break the rules when we were younger. I thought a person might change when they live overseas. 

It wasn’t until I entered high school that, slowly, I started to grasp everything that happened around my family. People seemed to respect me, especially older people, without me ever doing anything to scare them off. 
My friends and I became friends because we liked one another, and as we grew up, we came to understand what our roles in our families were. Why we had been enrolled in that private school and why people treated us the way they did. And then it all made sense, all the lessons our parents had ever taught us, all the trips and all the special treatment we got. We finally, collectively, understood the way it worked.

And so, I knew, it was a matter of time before I got married with whomever was best for the legacy of my family.

That night I decided to escape. I tied my bed sheets together and threw them out my bedroom window.
I started clambering down when I heard a gasp some windows to my right. I thought I had been caught, but was surprised to see a young man doing the exact same thing as I did. We stared at each other, and suddenly he hopped off his rope and started running away. 
Stupidly enough, I yelled at him, attracting instead the attention of our security guard. With a quick movement, the guard took out a pistol from his back and shot him right in the chest. 

The commotion woke up my father. Not half an hour passed before my brother was here and both were questioning a panicked, bewildered me. I told them everything. My father, in turn, thanked me.

As I went back to my room to tried to calm myself, a huge burden fell on me. If I had not been there, my father would’ve been dead by now. Somehow, being there changed the way I felt about it all. I realized I was supposed to take care of this family, the one I was born in, and so, I decided to do it, no matter the circumstances. Because if I wouldn’t, being part of it, who would?
