Satan is actually a pretty cool guy.   


Yeah, he has this ongoing feud with God and all that. But that's an ancient grudge that God thinks we should take sides in.   


Satan himself while operating under his own rules, is pretty much accomodating to civilians, within his ability to provide kindness and relief.   


So what happened was that the Post, in their incompetence routed my kid's 2001 letter from it's address at the North Pole to Hades. Now I can forgive the post for doing this. So many were grateful to the lord of the dark for dealing with the 9/11 hijackers appropriately.  [https://www.theonion.com/hijackers-surprised-to-find-selves-in-hell-1819566162](https://www.theonion.com/hijackers-surprised-to-find-selves-in-hell-1819566162)

&#x200B;

The post office was sending I think millions of letters to Hell. Not postal hell where shit gets lost for 20 years, but actual hell. 

&#x200B;

Satan, having dealt with the scumbags who perpetrated 9/11 wanted to do good things. But he only had so much to work with.   


So when my daughter asked for a Barbie Camaro, she instead got Ozzy's Tour Bus. With Bill Ward passed out inside.   


It was awkward, but we went with it. Realizing the mistake. I still don't know how Beez managed to get that thing into our yard.  The kid down the block asked for a Metallica Box Set - he got the band itself trapped in his living room for a week, taking requests.   


Thing is, in 2002 the Post had the issues sorted. Mail was flowing to the North Pole just fine. Still Beecz had a way of finding out what his original subscribers were asking for, and he tried to accommodate them. Best he could.  My kid asked for a Ninja Turtles playset, he got the Bronx Zoo reptile display, planted in the yard.   


WTF?   


Kid down the block asked for a set of Matchbox Cars - his house got transported to the infield of Indy Speedway.   


So then, I start thinking. Beez is trying to do good, but it's twisted. How do I cash in?   


More to come..... maybe. 

&#x200B;