The Reaper put his hand on my shoulder, and ice crept through my body. Feeling nothing was pretty nice after the last six months? Five years?  Century? 

We arrived at a massive gate, shimmering and pearlescent. Behind the gate a steady golden light, surrounding it a massive shimmering wall. 

"Well, am I glad that's finally over or what?"

The Reaper's hood tilted towards me its bottomless blavk cowl staring blankly.

"Did I die of hypothermia?"

The Reaper looked away and pointed towards the pearly gates.

"Oh, right, Heaven, yay I made it. I was starting to give up there for a moment."

I walked up to the gates.  "...Uhhhhh, do I knock?" I asked looking back. I pressed against the gate. It didn't budge. I really threw my back into then. And nothing.

"Umm, hello, Jesus von Brahmin are you there sir, it's me Chad." 

A face popped up in the fine lattice work of the gate.

"Chad who?"

"Uhhh. I think i died of hypothermia, tall dark and spooky there brought me."

"That is Sammael, who are you. First name last name, date of birth date of death."

"Hey, Jude, who are you?"

The face in the gate grew impatient.

"I'm mother-fucking January angel of gates and doors. Now i need to see if you're on the guest list. The party's about to start you'll be the last one to arrive if you're on the list. Full name, birth and death dates. Unless you know your serial number."

"Serial number? I'm Chad Chesterfield from Chesterfield Texas. Born July 31, 2045. Uhhh I died on uhhh...like twenty minutes ago?"

The gate spat on him. "We're in a timeless void you dolt. We've been talking for thirty-five thousand years already. In twenty moments and the universe will restart. You're wasting my time and your afterlife."

"He died on October 24, 2066." The Reaper was a cold presence at my side.

"Let me see...." The face rolled up in the gate leaving a massive pearly backetball shiney faintly.

Then the entire gate turn fire engine red, and the shrill sound of metro breaks grinding shrieked out.

"No one matches that record! It dont compute. What did you do Sammael! Time has been subverted. Death has come early. Early. All is wrong!"

"Wait, what? I'm not supposed to be dead?"

"They were going to torture him for seven more years! They were going to castrate him and test blood substitutes on him."

"I like being dead. Being dead is good. Can i stay dead?" Chad asked.

"You have to send him back!" The gate roared, the red burning metal vibrated and shook against the thunderheads it was bound to. "You know what is meant to happen, Sammael."

"It's just one early deatglh. I get one of those for  every century."

"Oh, you are going to be in biggly trouble! Fine!" The gates turned pearlescent again. " Chad Chesterfield, almost immortal destroyer of worlds, you've met qualifications. Narrowly. Enter."

"Wait. What?"

"Enjoy the afterlife," Death shoved me throught the gates into the blinding light, and I stumbled into what looked like New Orleans at Mardis Gras. Not bad for an afterlife.

***

The Reaper sighed and sat back against the cloudy walls of heaven and lit up. Scientists were total dicks, trying to make folks immortal. Didn't they realize that'd just make more work at the end of time? That asshole Chad would've been the first and started a race of them. Now he was dead. Experiments failed, human god project ended for now. 