"Ninjas. Death is just a wheat field filled with fucktons of booty stealing ninjas," proclaimed the skeletal figure before you. "You can just call me Joe, by the way. It's kind of a long walk through here an I'm always happy to hear about why you were sent here!"

Joe hands you a business card that reads Joey-Alexandrisch Bernardson Milacoonis: Death Lord of the Sickly Slain and One Hell of a Kisser. Joe keeps holding the card in front of you for a moment before remembering that you don't have arms anymore. "Sorry about that, I mostly work for just leg amputees, so shepherding a client who lost their arms during terminus is pretty unusual. You should really tell me about it, we've got a long walk... er... push." Joe gestures towards the rickety wheel chair just in front of you and invites you to sit. He pushes you towards the curtained doorway that is the only escape from the dingy room. "I hope you don't mind if I sing," Joe warns "All I know is Highway to Hell, Hell's Bells, and the chanting parts from that one Beatles song so you're in for a treat!" The curtains part around you and all of the sudden you're bathed in a muted golden light. A wheat field stretches on ahead of you for at least a mile and haze clouds your view of what might be ahead. 

"Ok here's how we do it in Neo-Illinois," Joe starts. "Hup!" He hops in front of you, vaulting over the wheelchair and positions himself just to the side of your path before taking an enormous swing to clear the wheat in front of you. He pulls you forward, clears some more, pulls you forward, and keeps at it for another few minutes before stopping to stare at you blankly with his empty sockets. "Not much of a talker are you? You'll get bored soon enAUGHHH!!" Joe ends his sentence in a strangled cry and falls to the dirt as the wheat just behind him rustles quietly. A ninja adorned in golden cloth steps out from the rustling plants and pulls something sharp out of Joe's spine that probably wasn't lodged in there five minutes ago. You inhale loudly as Joe gets back up and slices the ninja vertically in half with one smooth motion. "You're mute too?! It's gonna be a long ass walk..."