She always picked up pennies.  Didn't matter if the head was up or not, a penny was a penny, that was 1/100th of a dollar... and when you find six of them at once... well She had loved going to the pool as a child and made enough money off the deep end pool floor to buy herself a treat once a week.

Now her interest in the coins was slightly more academic.  A behavioral scientist who studied wasteful behavior, and as far as she was concerned, throwing away money or ignoring it on the ground was a particularly good indicator that a person was wasteful.  There were so many kinds of waste, but landfills were just not sustainable anymore.  The whole world needed to pull it's collective head out of it's particularly wasteful ass and cut the crap.  


Six pennies.  They were next to a meter, someone probably dug a handful of change out of their pocket to pay the meter and then just dropped the pennies at their feet.  She watched from a few feet out, no one even noticed the coins.  Finally with a sigh she picked them up.  One was different, much like a wheat penny, though it was too shiny for a wheat penny.  She stuck the other five in her pocket and inspected the slightly shinier one.  It wasn't a normal, American, penny though it wasn't one she recognized.

Curiosity was what made her flip the coin over, maybe the other side of it would explain where it was from, the language or the person depicted.  Who knows, maybe Canada or some European country had a new coin that was starting to filter over?  There was a woman on the front and there was something familiar about the face, Looked like... Her mother sort of... Though the nose and cheeks were wrong.

So was the date.  She nearly dropped the coin when she read the date and the numbers hit her brain.  2044.  That wasn't possible.  That had to be a miss print.  It had to be.  Frustrated she just jammed the coin in her pocket and forgot about it, she had more research to do.

Four years later, going through her coins she found it again.  It was duller this time but she found it.  Now she knew who's face it was and that was just as upsetting as not knowing.  She's put on a bit of weight and the picture on the coin was clearly her face.  She was getting her Nobel peace prize this week... But she wasn't very popular.  Large companies were livid with her.

She put the coin back in the pile.  She didn't have time for this.  Not since the man across the room told her it was his coin.  Not since he warned her that today was the day she died.  Her afairs were in order... She would die... But hopefully the world he told her about would happen.  If it did... Her life was a small price to pay.