The first target was Mr. Smith.

See, the thing with the older people of our fine community is that they have so much they don't use anymore. Mr. Smith was the same way. Tools, antiques, furniture, all just lying around in his garage. Not to mention all the leftover food in his fridge.

The first problem with getting into his house was the door. The door was so horribly made that even poking the thing would make the loudest creaking sound. I got the oil and fixed that up.

The next issue was that Mr. Smith's fridge was awful, too. The food was barely cooled. No wonder he never touched the leftovers. I left momentarily and came back to replace the refrigerator with one I had stolen for Ms. Johnson two doors down. Then, of course, I had to take Mr. Smith's former fridge into my house. 

The worst part of all was that his garage was a nightmare. Things were littered all over the ground. The ground was infested with termites, eating picture frames. One of these victimized frames, I noticed, had a photograph of him with his wife, who had passed away last year. I knew Mr. Smith had been so hurt from losing her that he didn't speak to anyone for a month. So I started cleaning the whole garage out, getting rid of the termites. Finally, after I had carried out a few antiques, I took the portrait and hung it in the middle of his living room, above the fireplace. I knew he would want it there.

Then I heard a floorboard creak, and I began to panic. I looked out the window, and the sun had already risen. Damn.

Mr. Smith looked at me in shock. He pointed at me, mouth agape, asking, "You did this?"

"Sir, please don't call the poli-"

Next thing I know, Mr. Smith is hugging me with tears in his eyes.

"Thank you, son," he said. "I never thought anyone would care enough to clean up and hang that portrait. It means the world to me. And is that a new refrigerator?"

"Uh, yes, sir."

"How did you know mine didn't work?"

"I just-uh...."

"No matter, son, what do I owe you?"

"Nothing at all."

From that day, I stopped stealing from people. I became a carpenter, and really got my life together. 

And they say crime doesn't pay.
---------------------------------------------------------
Author's note: 

Hey, guys! Sorry if this one wasn't great! It's my first try on this subreddit. I'm also on mobile, so sorry for what I can assume is a horrible format!