"Please, don't kill me."

The words stuck in my head, playing over and over like a broken record. 

"Please, don't kill me." 

I shook my head and glanced out the window at the empty street, a dreary cloud still enveloping the city. The rain never came, but the cloud never went away. This city was once a happy, vibrant place. People hung out with each other, laughed, actually *lived*. Now, things were different. No one wanted to interact anymore. On the rare occasion you did pass by someone, you were on high alert. You would usually turn and walk the other way. Me? I walked right past them and looked them in the eye. You could see it all in the eyes. That was how you could tell if someone had received The Letter. 

The ones who hadn't still had their soul intact. You could see the light in their eyes, like looking at sunshine through a window. They were still people, still whole. The ones who had, they were dead in the eyes. It was like looking into a brick wall. They were blank, devoid of feeling, the invisible burden weighing them down. They weren't really human anymore. But I felt relief whenever I saw them. Because it meant I was safe. The others, they were unpredictable. You didn't know when they'd do it, or who'd they do it to, or if it'd be you. 

Since the beginning of civilization man has debated the legality of killing. Executions, the death penalty, over time people didn't think these methods were humane. They were outlawed, and the senators and governors and prison officials could finally go home and sleep soundly, knowing there was no blood on their hands. With the Fall Of D.C., however, went all the laws and regulations that had been painstakingly drafted and re-drafted throughout the centuries. And the first law, the big law, the new first amendment that was put into place was the Statue of Extermination. It worked like this: every citizen would receive a Letter during their lifetime. It could be tomorrow, it could be twenty years from now. But every Letter was the same: you had six weeks to kill someone, otherwise you'd be taken in for "rehabilitation". Aka kill or be killed. The official reason behind this was something like "testing the resolve of those who truly value life". But you know what I think? That those who wanted to see the world burn now had the power to dump over the gas and strike a match. 

Everyone panicked and locked themselves inside. I didn't. I refused to let a bunch of fucking psychos determine how I'd live my life. So I went out, everyday, and walked. I wasn't afraid, even on the rare occasion when I passed by someone. Did they make me nervous? Sure. Uneasy? Of course. But scared? I was more scared of being confined to paranoia for the rest of my life, and I was willing to sacrifice it so I could live how I wanted. 

Until I got The Letter. 

In that one second my world stopped. I read it over, and over, and over, and over, as if expecting to find something that said "Haha! Just kidding!" But this wasn't a joke. 

"Dear Reader, 
You have been selected to exercise the Statue of Extermination. Failure to complete this requirement in six weeks (forty-two days upon receiving this letter) will result in your enrollment in one of our government sanctioned rehabilitation programs. If/when you complete this, please contact the number below and report the name/location of the individual whom you have selected for this task.

Best of Luck"

It wasn't signed at the bottom, just "Best of Luck". I ran to the bathroom and puked. I never considered what would actually happen when I got my letter. In my mind I was going to defy the government and run off, or some heroic bullshit. But now, with the reality of my situation thrust right in front of my face, I had a very different feeling. For the first time since everything happened, I felt true terror. The feeling in my stomach of pure dread didn't ease up, and I went and poured myself a drink. And another. And another. I sat down, head in my lap, and sobbed. 

I waited, patiently. Everyday I went out, walked around all over town for hours on end. Finally, after the third day, I saw a man carrying a backpack. I walked briskly over and flashed a smile. "Hello, sir," I greeted him. He gave me a funny look. "Hello," he said, eying me up and down.

"It's been a while since I've talked to someone, you know," I said. 

"Listen, buddy, can I help you with something?"

I looked at the man, tears streaming in my eyes. 

"I just..."

"Hey, what's the matter?"

Hand trembling, I pulled out my gun. "I-I-"

A look of sheer terror creeped into the man's face. "Listen, don't kill me. Please don't kill me."

I closed my eyes and pulled the trigger. 

In that moment I realized the Statue's purpose. It wasn't created to determine who among us had the resolve to live. It was to break us. Those who didn't comply died, and those who did ceased to live. 

May God have mercy on my soul. 

