I look at her figure gently sipping the tea from across the table, her flowing hair putting even more foward the elegance she already has without such a haughty behavior, and as she finally puts down her cup; her gentle, yet strict voice finally gets out as if a flying fish sliced open the wake of sea.


"I can't have you keep on doing that forever, you know? Do you know how annoying it is to handle all the problems your dreaming causes?"


In order to better focus, I close my eyes for a moment. I need to understand what's happening and how it happened.


For now I let out a simple "Oh? Is that so?" Like a child being reprimanded by his mother.
The waiters look at me with sympathy.

Dreaming.


For me, that was the only way I knew to escape my idyllic, everyday life. Roaming the city after class, with no passion nor will, with only the sceneries for stimulation- "How pretty." would I so often let out during my walks.
And in the same way. Roaming, in my dreams in search of my will to live, the sun in all the children who would share a likely appearance than mine.


It started with a simple search on a vast universe of knowledge, and from there I walked with the push of a simple "why not?".
And then I met her, from the reflection of a night sky overlapping the sea, the person that  is so much different than me.


As I shrug over her words of complain, I take my drink and glance at her, blush and sustain myself from the straw whilst chewing it.


"I'm sorry."


As she stops talking, my interruption breaking open a silence within us, allowing me to make a simple follow-up.


"I don't think I have a reason to continue anymore."


Her questioning eyes followed by a aquiescing smile would probably kill any person right now.


"Then it's fine."


I still have a request to make. I can't let this chance slip away.


"Can you please stay? Stay with me forever and be by my side?"


The café goes silent. I think I've done it, I wasn't even shouting or anything. But somehow, it did.

A chuckle resounds.

"If it's fine with you."