This classroom seemed different as the little group of four gathered where 50 students usually sat. Saturdays should not be spent like this.

Rae-Jae refused to look at the clock as Mr Martinez started in on the droning instructions for Detention. She’d hit a guy in the cafeteria after he grabbed her friend’s ass, and all those 1st place State medals in shot-put, discus and field hockey made it a short fight. Rae flexed her arm as Mr Martinez said, “…so that is why we have gathered you here today, you have to do the right thing and get yourselves out of it. Good luck…” Maybe she could move the desks apart and knock out a dozen burpees when he left.

Daydreams had landed him here, Joey reminded himself, looking at Maria…sexy, dark haired, brooding Maria. She probably loved short guys, he thought. “…Isn’t that right, Joey?” Mr Martinez had mentioned his name, so he redirected his attention and smiled, nodding his head so vigorously that his red hair fell into his eyes. “Oh, yes, Mr Martinez, yes indeed. No doubt there.” He had definitely not been listening, but no one could ever tell. Joey was lucky like that.

*Look away, creepy ginger!* Maria Valencia Hernandez: 4th of 7 children, lover of all things dark, mystical and sad, had been dressing in black since her Tia Carmen passed away when she was 9. She had loved Carmen, more than her own mother, and never recovered from that special connection which she shared by carving “Carmencita” on anything soft enough for her papa’s penknife. She felt a little sorry for the redhead, the only one in the whole school, a sophomore and still no growth spurt.

Ivan licked his lips and prayed. *It is truly meet to bless you, O Theotokos, ever-blessed and most pure*…this was the only room in the school that had a teacher notionally in it and he needed to take the practice SAT under supervision. His mother and father agreed on that. Greek and Russian, they rarely agreed on anything, except to homeschool their son. Ivan quickly finished his prayer and licked his lips as the teacher waved his hands and left the room. 

One minute, the desk had been there and she was sitting at it; now, Maria was on her feet and there were no desks in the room. Ginger Joey was standing next to her, his silly grin showing fear. Rae-Jae was spinning in a circle looking around wildly and…what was that kid’s name?…had his eyes closed, murmuring something under his breath.

“What in the FUCK is this shit?” Rae-Jae was pissed off. “This you, Joey?” She grabbed for him, but he danced backward like the slippery little fucking redhead he was. 

“Me?! No way, how does that even make sense?” He had a point, but she was too furious to care. Maria didn’t seem to be worried, but then again, that girl’s face was never more than a mask of composure floating over blackness. The homeschool kid was pointing at something.

“Uh, is that...?”

Slinking out of the darkest corner, a blocky shape snarled at them, baring razor-like teeth. Rae-Jae was already running towards it, some fucking kid in a shitty Halloween costume did not scare her. Then it bit her. 

They all saw the blood, all heard the yell of pain. “Let her go!” Maria screamed and pointed at the beast; from each of her hands, light, as red as the dye Tia Carmen used on her hair, streaked out at the beast. Joey could almost swear he heard a distant rattling sound, like dice in a cup when he played Yahtzee with his Meemaw. 

The lights impacted with tremendous force and the beast let go of Rae-Jae’s arm. *O Lord, save Thy people and bless Thine inheritance. Grant victory to* …here, Ivan paused and inserted…*these companions over their adversaries*. A light emitted from Rae-Jae’s chest, the blessing of Theotokos, Ivan was sure. To his right, Joey was singing.

“You’re as cooold as ice…willing to sacrifice…” he trailed off, not sure why he had thought of that song. Or why he had sung it at all. The monster shivered, the blood oozing from where Maria had (*blasted?*) it showing icicles.

Rae-Jae grabbed the nearest thing to her hands, and nearly dropped what turned out to be a hammer. Fuck it, she thought and swung, the gratifying crunch reverberating through the haft. She struck again, but the wily monster, howling in pain, stepped clear of her arc and the hammer thudded uselessly into the ground. In her anger, none of this seemed all that strange.

Maria’s mind spun, centering on her Tia Carmen; what would she do in this totally insane situation? Maria cursed the creature. Tendrils of red hovered in the air and then stabbed into the creature as she willed it to be more clumsy. The eyes (there were 6 of them) look straight at her and it began to charge.

“Naw, motherfucker, you don’t go until I say so!” Rae-Jae swung the (was it real?) hammer catching the thing in what was probably its back. It gave a gurgle and slid, twitching until it stopped 5 feet from Maria, who shivered with what Rae-Jae was sure was excitement. That little Mexican girl was one strange goth chick. She looked at the arm the monster had bit and was surprised to find it healed, undamaged. 

Quiet settled over the group. No one wanted to be the first to speak, no one wanted to admit what they were all thinking.

“Guys!” Joey was practically dancing. “I’M A BARD!” He doubled over, laughing maniacally. The others looked at him, flame hair bouncing around as he collapsed on the ground in fits of laughter. Maria and Rae-Jae shared a look of irritation and Ivan looked at his hands. Echoes off the cavern walls made Joey’s laughter even more ridiculous, gasps of inhaled chortles making spooky sounds throughout the cave, even as Rae-Jae hauled him to his feet. Her expression made him stop.

Maybe an hour went by as Joey explained what he thought was going on, how this was all some kind of game, some kind of nerd game that involved monsters and dungeons and quests. Though Maria was skeptical and Rae-Jae frowned, neither seemed unhappy with the prospect. Ivan just licked his lips. Whatever the others thought, he had a bad feeling about this. Still, it got him out of the house, away from his parents.

As Joey finished his wild theory, the group agreed on one thing: there was only one way to go. His mouth swung into a wide grin. “It’s way better than 8 hours in Detention.”