For millennia, I had been encased in a concrete prison. The mortals had decided to carry out a witch hunt of sorts, once they learned it was impossible for me to die. They called it unnatural, against nature and mankind itself. So they encased me in a 6 inch thick block of industrial grade concrete fortified with titanium rebar. They spent millions just to keep me imprisoned. I hate them for this, and I have had thousands of years to contemplate my revenge. It was admittedly hard to think when my body was constantly deoxygenated, but I am and always will be indestructible. 

   You would not believe the ecstasy of a breath of air after so many years of imprisonment. The concrete had finally fallen to pieces, slowly eroding over the course of a few years. Finally, I stepped out. I was in a field somewhere. Looked like they had dumped me here when they encased me in concrete and metal, but I couldn't be sure on account of my blindness inside the 6 by 6 by 6 block. I started walking, aware of how quickly my muscles started to work again, my body already working at triple speed to regenerate my faculties. Once I felt more like myself again, I set out. 

   My plan needed to be perfect, I needed for everyone in the human race to feel as I felt. Unfortunately, encasing every human in concrete would prove exceptionally difficult, and the earth's atmosphere appeared to contain more than enough oxygen. I pondered the problem. Eventually, I came up with a rough plan. You don't live for as long as I have without picking up many things about warfare and strategy, because the one thing that is consistent throughout history is war. 
  
   I decided I would conduct chemical warfare on every human alive. I needed money, time, and dozens of chemical engineers, paid off adequately or otherwise coerced. This would be difficult, but not impossible. Throughout my lifetimes, I had been a professional athlete since my body was forever young, an accountant, an astronaut, a mathematician, a physicist, a gymnastics instructor and even a professional pianist. People eventually found out I had lived far too long despite my best efforts, hence the concrete. But I had skills that took lifetimes to master and cultivate. I had contributed to the sum total of human knowledge more than once. I had pioneered techniques that were still in use one hundred years later. This gave me an edge, and I was prepared to use it. My bank accounts had a massive sum due to my playing the lottery every week since the lottery was invented, ensuring my winning once or twice. Eventually I distributed this money to offshore accounts, convinced I would need it one day. And this was that day. So I walked into the town's bank. Said I had just moved there, that I needed an account. The teller listened sympathetically, opened my account, and handed me a new debit card. I thanked her, then later performed a wire transfer of all the money in my offshore account. This would tip off the police, but I had a window. 

   I withdrew a sizable amount of cash and took off in a rented car, headed towards the most successful pharmaceutical headquarters in all of human history. When I arrived, I waited. When I broke in and viewed the employee files, I found that there were several chemical engineers employed there, and I was determined to harness them all. So I bought a building and started a company. I snatched all the engineers with pay raises so huge it made the company they were working for look like a crumbling startup. Then, I put my plan into action. I had already changed my name and appearance, plastic surgery, so that no-one could witness my involvement. The police had frozen my accounts by this point, but it was too late. I already had everything I needed. I charged the engineers with creating the ultimate bio weapon, the bomb that would end it all. They hardly knew what they were making, of course. They had all signed NDA's and been notified of their immediate termination if they told anyone else about the projects they were working on. So I waited. and waited. After a decade of waiting, I'd finally acquired the revenge I sought.

   The chemical was named ORD-12342. It was conspicuous, small enough to fit inside your hand but potent enough to kill every human in a 6 mile radius. The chemical was highly advanced, a parasite that stole oxygen from it's hosts blood, then moved on. It would be easy to spread my disease, but I needed a deliverance system. I decided to hide out on a ship heading from where I was to China. It was a few months before I got to where I needed to be, but I was patient. Finally, I stood in the middle of the busiest public area in the country. I let the vial slip from my fingers. It shattered. I waited. The WHO quickly classified it as dangerous, but it was too late. It infected all 20 billion humans on the planet, sucking the last breath from their bodies. I felt happy for the first time in millennia. 