They told me to come five minutes early. The law didn't allow it, but I didn't think much of it. Time to give instructions or whatever. So at exactly six minutes before the thick hand would point at ten, the line reached far enough that I could go in front of the main entrance. I scanned my wrist as usual. The door remained closed. I looked behind me and saw a throng gently nodding me to go left of the main entrance, annoyed like they had just stubbed a toe in unison against the same corner for a thousandth time.

Using the vast knowledge I had gathered from the years spent in trigonometry classes, I calculated the exact position the crowd was looking at in a heartbeat. It was a door. No surprise there. When I looked down, the scanner itself actually pointed towards the door. Fuck me.

Before, I vaguely remembered something. I went in and was told to sign a contract that protected company secrets. Financial reports, Excel sheets and transactions; I remembered doing regular accountant work all the four years I've worked here.

Yesterday I fell hard. There isn't a day when ice isn't slippery, but yesterday every step was like stepping on freshly caught pike. The second step I took I plunged down. I hit the back of my head on the ice. But just as I hit my head, I felt something soften the hit, and heard a slight crack, as if a car crusher had gotten its hands on a plastic car.

I scurried home, thinking I would finally find out my parents had in fact been characters from a LEGO set all this time. But no. I rushed to wash out the blood and was greeted by a tiny green circuit board in the mirror. Probably some tracker to make sure I don't go to any competitors to sell company secrets. Or something along those lines. Who knows. 

I put on a nice bowler to cover the wound, before going to work. I went through the main entrance as I've done every day for the last four years. But the building had changed completely. The layout was the same but... everything else was different. I could still walk to the office. I took the stairs to the third floor and fourth room on the right. But where used to be a mahogany desk, a leather chair and a sleek computer, there was a cheap plastic stool and an even cheaper plastic desk overgrown with rolls of fabric. My co-workers were working as if nothing had happened, as if they had completely missed a tsunami wiping away their gardens. Every ten seconds someone wiped sweat off their foreheads. The air had a hint of athleticism in it, without anyone running. Maybe this was the most elaborate April Fools' prank ever? No way. It was October last I checked.

Then it hit me. The only significant thing that separated me from my co-workers, the only significant thing that separated me from yesterday me, was the broken chip. It might have also been a weird award by the society for ten thousand successful jerk-off sessions. I didn't know. I'd lost count. Probably the chip though, I thought.

Chances were someone important had already noticed me acting strange. Trying to escape wouldn't have been smart though, I might as well smother myself with the fabric rolls. So I hoped for the opposite and waited the day out. I remembered just enough about cutting and sewing that I wasn't too suspicious. There were some patterns like going to the toilet every one and a half hours - one came back, the one to the right of them went. Not too hard to figure out.

After six excruciating hours everyone ended the day with a shower and switching to clean business attire. We scanned ourselves and came out the main entrance. Three seconds later, the guy who had been sitting next to me in the room I once called an office, and who was now walking in front of me, slowed his pace.

"I hope we'll finish this report tomorrow. I'd hate it if we don't get the bonus for the fourth year in a row."

Unlike when you think an Ukrainian toll officer asks you a vague question like "Foreign pass?" when in reality they asked for your boarding pass, there was no accent in this guy's voice to make me misunderstand what he had said.

*I don't know if I'm allowed to write any extra, if not, then please let me know or remove this text. This is the first thing I've written here. Haven't done much writing, but always found it really hard to start. Needs some polish but I wanted to get it out when the topic was still quite fresh and when I was still enthusiastic about it. If anyone's reached this far when reading, I'm honoured. I initially thought I would write something serious, but then decided to go a bit overboard with absurd similes.*