(Part 1)

"Milo! Milo come here! Sit!" I called to my gray muzzled best friend. He did as told and flops his bum down before me, tongue lalling out the side. I snap a photo. 

"Good boy!" I bent down and scratched behind his ears, his foot thumping softly against the floor. Milo licks my cheek and sends me on my way. 

I flop down lazily in my bed, absolutely amazed by this camera I've now found in my possesion. I turned it around in my fingers, examining every corner. It looked like a perfectly normal camera. It wasn't digital, but I didn't mind - old school was the way I preferred it anyway. 

I sat there in my bed, staring up at the ceiling wondering what else to take a picture of. It would take a day or so to get the images fully developed and the photo of Milo alone was enough to get me anxious for results. 

I decided to take photos of my room. We hadn't lived here long - maybe 5 or 6 years - and I began to wonder how this room looked before I made it my own.  

*click* 

I took a shot of my ceiling.  

*click* 

Now my closet door.

*click*

Window next to my bed. 

*click*

Door to my room.

*click* 

The wall right in front of the foot of my bed. 

I turned the camera around and took a selfie, amused by the idea of me as a child again. After laying in bed for a few more minutes, I got up and decided to go start developing the film. I couldn't wait to see how they turned out. 


~~~

I awoke the next morning to the sound of my younger siblings screaming over god knows what. It was a Saturday morning and already chaos had ensued. I angrily got out of bed and opened my door. "Will both of you knock it off!? I'd like to sleep in today!" I yelled down the hall. My parents must have been out because they never scream like that when they're home. 


I laid back down in bed and closed my eyes hoping to drift back off into sleep, but to no avail. I sighed heavily and decided to take my heavy feet downstairs to see how my photos had developed thus far. 

The basement was chilly as I made my descent. It was early fall here in my hometown, which meant the ground below would be getting colder and colder as the days wore on. I flipped the switch and the low, red light flickered to life. The first few photos sat in their developer, nearly ready. I leaned in closer to see a very handsome and very young Milo sitting patiently on the floor in front of me. I was in awe at the ability of this camera. Despite its age, it was capable of something so extraordinary. 

The next two photos I had were the ones of my ceiling and closet door. I looked at the ceiling closely but hardly anything had changed, not even the light fixture. 

The second photo however was different, but only ever so slightly. I stared hard at the door, trying to distinguish what the strange markings were on the side of the door near the handle. They looked like streaks of something, but I couldn't quite make out of what. Had the photos been in color I think I would have been able to figure it out, but I remained perplexed.

The closer I looked I noticed that color of the streaks was also on the floor in front of the door, but in a much higher quantity. It looked like a puddle almost. I leaned in closer and then -

"NO!!! TURN THE LIGHT OFF!!!" I yelled as the basement lights flooded the whole room. 

"We just wanted to know where you were!!" I hear my little sister scream from the top of the stairs. "WELL IM DOWN HERE. ILL BE UP IN A SECOND. SHUT THE LIGHT OFF!" The light went out and the door slammed, but the damage had already been done. I sighed in defeat. "At least I have these other photos..." 


Just what had been on the door?