My life isn't all that interesting... or so I thought. The first act of my life was just fucked up. The second was glorious, and the end, was just fantastic. A demon walked in, strapped me into a chair, and said "you're going to watch your life with onlooker commentary." "Alright." I thought. "Now, since human life is long, we've cut this down to the important bits. We've got more people coming into hell and we need you out soon." The TV sparked to life as I saw in super 8 style my baby life. I remembered playing with my brother and parents. My parents were all smiles. The TV flashed forward to 5 year old me donning the traditional robes and hood of the ku klux klan for the first time. My uncle was so proud. Fast forward about 10 years, I had fallen in love with a fellow klan member named Jenny. When we first met, she was sweet, kind, and fun. However, as time went on, she became more aggressive, violent, and hateful. It was gradual. The first few times it was accidents, then lapses in judgement, pretty soon, I was committing what could only be described as acts of terror. I dare not recount what I did here. All I dare say is several people were hurt by my hand. All the voices were wailing, begging for it to stop. Oh why didn't I hear them in my life. My guilt began to consume me. Until the last attack I committed was shown. A very angry voice roared out of the speakers as if an angry grizzly bear were letting out a warning. It was mine. "ARE YOU PROUD OF WHAT YOU WERE? ARE YOU GLAD THAT ALL OF THIS HAPPENED?" My voice roared. "No." I managed to croak out between tears. The TV showed us together. I recognized the day. December 5th, 2015, the day we broke up and I ran off. I could recite exactly what I had said that day. "Jenny," the TV me said. "I can't do this anymore... the violence, the hate, the extremism... I can't." "So, does this mean..." Jenny stared to ask and tear up. "We're over." I said cooly. I had tried to change her mind, but she was alot like me. Unshakable when our minds are made up.so I loaded up my things. (Clothes, books, and some photographs.) And headed for Kansas city to make a new life for myself. 

Also in that segment of video I saw my brothers ex girlfriend who seemed to like to abuse me for some reason. She would always tell me about being unlovable, how no girl in her right mind would ever love me, and that I'm essentially a human waste of space that should kill himself. So I tried to. I had the gun up to my temple. But then my phone buzzed. It was my best friend, my informal baby sister, may. She wanted to go get ice cream. Her voice shaky, she was worried about me. So worried I felt guilty for putting her trough that much guilt. So we went. And I forgot about suicide. May saved my life. Not a day went by when I didn't think about how close I truly came to expiring that day. 

At last the ride was over. The demon released my crying, quivering soul from its seat. He showed me an elevator and said "this elevator will take you to heaven. You were repentant both in life and in the video room." And I felt as though I was floating. Ascending to a higher plane of existence.i closed my eyes and felt a warm presence, a thundering yet gentle voice called out "welcome home, my child." 