Being alone is John's favorite activity.

Because letting anyone near him means pain. For him and for them. He can't take it anymore.

After his bulldog died a few years ago, he can't let himself feel anymore.

Now he kills. To give his life meaning. He sunk deeper and deeper, never hitting the bottom.

Because there is none. For within secrets, are more secrets. A man down means a secret revealed.

Knowledge is power, they say. And they're not wrong.

For a man whose sole purpose now is to survive, to live another day, to try and find hope, to *live again*, John will need all the strengh he can get his hands on.

~~~

An another week goes by. An another target down.

This time, it's a cartel boss. The standard kind. Hires mercenaries, mass exporting drugs. Didn't put up much of a resistance.

John rewarded himself with a glass of bourbon, and a peaceful evening, re-reading Dante's Inferno, to remind himself that the sooner he got to Purgatory the better.

The phone rang.

John picked it up, full knowing it's another contract. It's the only thing that people call him for these days.

On the other side of the line, a growly voice started:

"Hello Mister Wick. I will get to the point. My name is Wade, and I have a target worth your level. 10 million credits."

This intrigued John. Usually, no single man is worth that much. The only ones who hit that mark are Popes and presidents. And not often does he get those sort of contracts.

"Tell me more."

"You'll know everything you have to. It's in the bio I sent you."

Scooting to his laptop, John found an email. Bruce Wayne. Playboy, billionaire, philanthrophist. He noticed the name, since it frequently pops up on the news, usually regarding charities and community donations. Seems like a man trying to do some good in the world. Those kinds are rare.

Which only enhanced John's curiosity. Why would anyone want to kill this man?

"I'll look into it."

"An advice, Mister Wick. Never underestimate this man."

~~~

Looking back now, the worst decision John made in his life can be traced back to that moment.




Disclaimer: This is the first time I've tried my hand with a writing prompt. I would love some constructive criticism, so please tell me your opinion on this story. And also, I'm not a native English speaker, so please excuse any grammatical mistakes or typos in this piece. Thank you for reading :)