Immediately, I look at Death, and say, "Do you ever wonder how you died?" 

I look over to Satan, "Do you ever wonder what got you to hell?"

Satan and Death, stunned, looked at each other, baffled by the posing questions. 

Midst their confusion, I whisper to my crushes ear, "The only winning move, is not to play." 

She's whispers back, "What's that suppose to mean?" 

Glancing back to Satan and Death whispering to each other as her & I did; I look back to my crush, "Do you want to go on a date with me?"

She frowned, soon after she grimaced, and not longer after that she teared up. Under her breath she said "Why didn't you ask sooner you idiot. I'm dead." 

I couldn't help but laugh, but her reaction from her face was none too empathic of my laughter.

I leaned in to whisper once more to comfort, "Just think of this as a really, really, long date." 

She hugged me, not letting go, "This is gonna be the worst date ever." Shifting her head to indicate towards Satan and Death. Whom are now intently looking at us from a few feet away.

"Are you done with your prep talk yet?" Satan called out.

"If you want, we'll let you choose the game." Death followed to say.  

Cradling her in my arms as she buried her head into my shoulder, weeping from her fate. I looked up to give Death a death-stare, and to give Satan demons & fire in my eyes. Redundant? Maybe, but it was a language they speak. I was not furious at her choose to pick me for two versus two against them, matter of fact I was happy for it; I was furious at the predicament they put her in.

They began whispering to each other once more, seeming to be preoccupied again. 

I turned my attention back toward my crush. I couldn't help but ask, "I thought you were stronger than this, why are you crying?"

Suddenly, she let go of our embrace, looked me and the eyes, and slapped me across the face yelling, "I'M DEAD ASSHOLE." 

The slap turned my head so fast, I was dazed. I couldn't help but think to myself, *that's the fiery spirit I fell in-love with, glad to know it's still there.* Still though, ow. 

Snapping their attention to us after her proclamation, Death & Satan laughed. Satan joked, "I like our odds in this game." 

Rubbing my cheek, my crush turned to them screaming, "SHUT UP!" 

Both of them smiling, Death and Satan turned back to each-other to start joking with each-other in confident meandering. 

She looked back to me, "Do you understand what I'm going through?"

"Yes, a sort of existential crisis."

She sighed, "This would be the worst date ever. We haven't even chosen our game yet. I don't get it." With glossy eyes tearing up once more, she asked "What's the game we're going to choose?"

This time I went to hug her, whispered in her ear, "Love isn't a game, it's a feeling."

Somberly she asked under-breathe again, "And what's that gonna do for us?"

Swaying back and forth like we were dancing, I glanced to Satan, and told her, "Life would be hell without you." I glanced to Death, and told her, "Not even Death can do us part." 

Our swaying turned to dancing, laughter, and we forgot where we were, until we were so tired we fell asleep in the black abyss that was with Death and Satan.

But we woke up alive.