Synapses fired and dynamic shifts played across my mind as I opened my eyes.  
I had no idea where I was.  
I closed both eyes tightly trying to push away the dark fog but nothing came clear. I opened one eye again and peered around in the darkness.  
At least I was comfortable.  
As my eyes adjusted to the dim light i saw that I was wearing clothes that I had no idea that I owned, i had no concept of the idea though so maybe this was how you are born in this place.  
This was strange, never before had I woken with such a lack of understanding, a complete absence of anything before this moment.  
Was this the whole universe i was in or merely a facet of a much larger organism. Had I just been created in this place or was there more too it.   
As an intrepid explorer in this brave new universe I decided i must forge into the unknown and master my fears.    
I pulled the covers back and slowly slid out of the large thing I was lying on and I slowly made my way to the floor, where I proceeded to collapse.  
Figuring out walking only took the best part of 20 minutes but I eventually managed to get the appendages in the right place and stood.   
I surveyed my surroundings. Large flowers marked the walls in strange patterns that repeated around me.  
Slightly to the right was a square object with a lower object next to it.  
I headed towards it and screamed as something flickered on top of the larger object.  
I grabbed the nearest implement, (a red bowed shaped piece of cold material with a cord attached to a square red item) and decided to face this monster with some dignity.  
I slowly moved towards it and noticed the creature moving towards me.  It seemed slightly afraid and it was wielding a similar weapon of some sort.   
I moved one way and it followed. I raised my makeshift weapon as did he and smashed it down at the hideous beast.  
Somehow this caused the square object to fall over and a loud shattering sound rang out as the item fell to the floor.  
I recalled in horror, then suddenly it was bright.  
There was someone stood in a hole that had appeared from nowhere.  
"excuse me sir, are you OK?"  
I shrugged,and looked confused at this creature before me. I understood the words but had no idea of the why or who.   
"Sir we will get this cleaned up for you."  the person reached for me "you are OK Sir?"   
"Don't worry sir, everyone gets a bit jumpy before their inaugural speech"  
"will you want some breakfast sir?"  
I turned and looked at the man, at the smashed mirror, at the room I was stood in then I smiled   

"call me Donald"
