The tattered banners fluttered, shredding the cast light of the torches by their excited flaps.  I could still see the claw marks that scarred the crenellations of what were once secure battlements.  My warriors clasped their pole-arms and crossbows tightly, hoping that such insignificant weapons were not needed tonight.  I tried to project as much regal bearing as possible, but the sleepless nights of worry had worn me down to a nub.  I barely felt like I was in charge anymore.

A messenger had approached the city this morn.  A crafted note had passed through secure hands to be read by my guard-captain, who carefully recited it as I slumped in my throne.

"Your daughter is safe.  She shall be borne by air to the scene of her capture on the dusk of this message's deliverance.  Please be ready to receive her."

The guard-captain had remarked that my countenance had dramatically changed with that message.  A thousand weights had been removed from my brow.

It was true that I had experienced joy upon receiving that message.  But I was not, if anything a man of practical purpose and shrewd measure.  I set my information network into motion to find out who had abducted my daughter from me.  I instructed my men to secure the city against any suspicious activity.  

The morning melted into the afternoon quickly.  I had fanned my informants as far as they could go, sorting through the underworld for clues and the nearby villages and homesteads dotting my land for any unwelcome strangers or strange sightings.  My guards had rounded up the unsavory and suspect, gathering them into the dungeons below the castle and prisons scattered across the city.

I had spent a considerable amount of time with my advisors and with volumes of intelligence, scattering such documents across the expanse of my throne room as we made our most calculated attempts at discerning who could possibly be my daughter's savior.

With the grains of sand winding down and the sun starting to dip, I made the choice to ascend to the highest tower of my castle, where my daughter's chambers were.  Surrounded by my personal retinue and guarded from the parapets by trained eyes with sharp and deadly projectiles, I stood above her personal room on top of the very tower where the dragon had stolen her from my protection.

I waited, staring into the oncoming dusk, peering out for any sign.  As the final slivers of day receded a fluttering burst of wind that nearly doused the torches and buffeted our crouched forms battered us.  Thinking we were under attack from the dragon once again, I was about to bellow for arrows to launch.

"Father, steady yourself!" I heard as I clearly recognized my own progeny.

Pulling up, I saw standing on the parapets my daughter, her blue eyes piercing and her long hair unkempt.  She appeared unharmed.

"Daughter," I started.  "You are alive."

A thin smile wove onto her face.  "Yes.  I return alive and unharmed."

I sighed, straightening out my robes as I began to approach with my guards.  "My child, come down.  It is far too dangerous for you to stay here.  We will take you-"

"No."

The flat refusal stopped me.  I palmed for my guards to stop as well.  I stared at her face, into her eyes and her grim visage.

"No?" I echoed, perplexed by her tone.  "Surely you understand that you are in danger standing there?"

That thin smile returned.  "Yes, father.  I am in danger while I'm here."

I didn't understand what she mean, and she see that confusion cross my face.

"You know why I was stolen away from here," she stated more than questioned.

That of course was an answer I understood.  This was a world of darkness.  The shadows held many threats.  There were creatures of untold cruelty that lurked on the edges of civilization, waiting to topple the homes and bastions of man.  There were even threats from within.  A sickness that infested the walls of even a proud city as mine.  I made sure such dangers and illnesses were properly watched and, if needed, eliminated.  Destroy the threats before they decided to come after me or the things that I treasured most.

I thought a tower with locked bars and high fastness was the perfect place to secure my most invaluable possession in the world.  A treasure that had such value that my enemies would do anything to harm or steal from me.  Even send the greatest of barbaric beasts to advance their designs and schemes against me.

"Who was it who summoned the dragon to take you?" I asked.  "Who was it who saved you?"

She looked at me, her eyes going soft.  "It doesn't matter, really.  There are probably countless people who, if they could, send that dragon if they had the chance."

I grew frustrated with her coy game.  I motioned for my men to slowly approach.  "Daughter, enough of this foolishness.  Come down and tell me who was it."

"Who did what?" she asked, her eyes regaining their daggers.

"Who did it," I growled as my patience was at its end.  I almost motioned for my guards to just grab her and drag her deep into the bowels of the castle, to ensure she would never be taken away again.

"I know what you do to those who ever lay eyes on me that you don't trust." she remarked.

Now it all came into focus.  A memory of her 'rewarded' saviors and suitors over the years flashed before me.  Blood and knives and dripping ichor and torture chambers flashed before my mind's eye.

I yelled, reaching my arm out to grab for her.  She was only a few paces away.

A stronger buffet ofwind crested the tower top, and this time, I couldn't hold my ground.  The world spun as soldiers cried in panic and a guttural growl enveloped the clanging of armored bodies hitting stone and I landed face down.

I clambered to a kneeling position, looked up, and froze.

My daughter clasped the neck of a frightly winged beast, a scaled horror of children's nightmares and crazed madmen ramblings.  Its huge head was crowned with curved horns and teeth to slice through a man's limbs with ease.  The eyes were intelligent, and focused on me as its body rested on the parapets.

"This is my savior!" screamed my daughter between the flaps of its colossal wings.  "She slew the beast of another!  One who hates you!  And the tyrant you are!"

I pitifully reached out.  Everything was slowly slipping away.  My entire focus was on her as she climbed onto the beast's back.  My treasure.  My treasure was leaving me.

The memories came sharply in that instant.  The decadent baron, my wife swollen with life.  Their knowing smile and secret tryst.  The reign of death I carved on the land to express my grief on those who sided against me in the civil war that followed.  The cheating harlot and her puppet that hung from the gallows.  The babe cut from her dead womb, still alive.  The tower that ensured no one would touch this child.  The one reminder of what I existed for, and the lengths to which I would protect that existence. 

She looked back at me, her eyes locking onto mine.  She mouthed something, perhaps a goodbye, but my delirious mind could not comprehend it as one more blast of air buffeted the tower, and my one sole possession I cared about in this world plunged into the darkness above.

I reached as high as I could from my fetal position into the sky.  I could barely hear the din of my men as they righted me and escorted me back into the castle.

It didn't matter.  They didn't matter.  Nothing else mattered.

The only thing that mattered was getting her back.

No matter what.