Mira stretched her arms out, and rolled over. SMACK.

"Oh, shit, Elliot, I'm so sorry." 

Her boyfriend sat up in bed, covering his nose, blood everywhere. 

"Oww Oww Owww JESUSfuckOw," he said. Mira blushed deep red and tried to get up to go get ice, and promptly fell out of bed. 

"This would literally only happen to me," she muttered, shaking her head.

Mira thought she knew it all back when she turned 18. She really thought she could cheat the system, and make herself the luckiest girl in the country. But, of COURSE she didn't read the fine print. There was no promise that the luck she would be given would be good, or that it would help her at all. Of course, the doctors could have tried to talk her out of it, but they passed laws against that years ago.

And now Mira was stuck with the worst luck ever, at least until she turned 36 in three days and would be up for review for redistribution.

"Quick, take the picture so I can clean up," Elliot said, his voice muffled from behind his hands. It was his genius idea to record all of the awful things that happened to her, so that maybe after 18 years, she'd be free. 

Two nights--three spilled coffees, one stupid parking ticket, and another broken toe--later, Mira and Elliot were laying down to bed. 

"...Mira?" Elliot said, hesitation in his voice.

"Yeah babe?" 

"I don't want you to drive there tomorrow. We really should call and have them come here, maybe even beg..." Elliot's intuition was a 3, which was the highest legal limit. Otherwise he'd be great at picking lottery numbers, or making bets about people.

"It's going to be okay," she said, snuggling in next to him. "I'll be free after this, finally."

The next morning, sitting in the office of the courthouse (they had made it safely, but had sat in traffic forever), Mira filled out her form. She had been working closely with a lawyer to make sure she had the strongest case possible, and he was inside arguing it for her. To make it fair, clients weren't allowed inside, in case they could influence the jury (by having a very high charisma). They should be ruling any minute now.

She had thought long and hard about how to redistribute her points. She was planning to finally enroll in university after this, and had applications just ready to be sent the moment the procedure was done. Elliot had tried to convince her to let him know her choices, but after having to explain her all-and-nothing decision to everyone for the last 18 years, she was over that. 

The door opened. It was the moment of truth. She stood up, and swallowed nervously.

"Mira, I have great news!" her lawyer was beaming ear to ear. "They approved you--you're actually going to be the very last reassignment done in this state. They want to make sure that stupid teenagers think about how permanent their choices will be. It looks like your luck is finally paying off." 

edit: english major can't spell