"Killing machine? what is that thing your playing with?" killing machine was doing what it sounded like an epic battle with a white mouse, he was so concentrated in exchanging blows with it that it didn't even listen to me, what a bad kitty!

I put my laptop on the bed,  I was watching people die on youtube, those videos that were very very well hidden and very very funny, Papa didn't like it when I saw those videos, but my second papa did like it, but the third one was *always* neutral, that's why I never called him Papa, his neutralness was really annoying!

Anyway, back to killing machine and his deathmatch. I grabbed a towel from the bathroom, white just like my skin, well not as white as my skin actually. I start to sneak up on them, careful not to make a noise, thankfully I was in my socks and they didn't make any sound when I walked.

killing Machine crosses eyes with me but for only a fraction of a second, we didn't have to say anything, only a look was enough to understand each other.

"*You know what to do babe*," he says with his eyes

"*Oh I know what to do babe*," I said with my eyes

I catch the mouse just as it's about to unleash his special attack, I wrap him up tight and nicely so I could see his face pop as I crushed him with my hands.

"Let go of me, girl," he said

"Huh?"

"Let go of me, girl," he said once again "My name is Cheesus, I must defeat the monster known as Killing machine, he appeared suddenly in my village and killed everyone including my family and friends, since that day I trained and trained, until I was strong enough to defeat a cat. I'm ashamed to say that my first battle ended in defeat, the cat that was known as Whiskers the Second was about to deal the finishing blow. but then, he was cut over and over and over by an unknown force, fast as lighting. An old mouse appeared and looked down at me as he sheathed his sword. I realized that if I wanted to slay Killing Machine I had to be the pupil of this mouse!"

"huh?" I repeated

"I went through an intense training, every single day." he kept on telling his tale, while he was still on my hands "there were times that I thought I would die, without acomplishing anything, there were times when I wanted to give up, forget about Killing Machine and start a family. but no, my hate wouldn't let me I had to become strong so I could defeat Killing machine *he* was my darkness! *I* had to do defeat him through any means necessary, even if it means destroying most of my body, even if it means destroying other of my kin, or other races"

Killing Machine sighs jumps on my bed and started using the laptop, I-I hope he doesn't forget to use private mode, the moment my parents found a video about underage kittens I got into a lot of trouble!

"Eventually, I learned the skill that my sensei showed me the first time, the skill to kill all cats!" sensei? oh, so he is a Japanese mouse "Nine Lives Cat Works."

"you see this necklace?"He says as he pulls out something from within the towel "is the claw of the first kitten I killed! NekoMimi! now unhand me girl, I'm going to slay Killing Machine and fulfill my destiny!!"

I expected him to say more, but I'm disappointed when he doesn't elaborate.

"Damn aliens" I wrap Cheesus on the towel, making sure he doesn't have room to breathe, I stay like that, while he struggles in my hands, I *actually* expected him to use his sword or something but he didn't, too bad. the movement in my hands stop. Cheesus has died, I open the window of my bedroom, looking at the pretty scenery and throw Cheesus out the window.

I lived in a very tall tower, so that was probably overkill, but hey...

"Meow" Killing machine meows, oh shoot I just threw away his meal! I was supposed to just make his head pop! I can be such a klutz sometimes!!

"D-don't worry Killing Machine! I'll find something for you to eat" I said, "just stay there and...watch your videos..."

***

Today wasn't a very eventful day so I'm glad it was over.

"Goodnight Papa!" I said

"Goodnight Cherry!" my first Papa said, giving me a kiss on the forehead.

"Goodnight Papa!!" I said to my second papa, he wasn't able to speak so he used his ten tounges to lick me all over.

"..."

"A-aren't you going to say goodnight to me too Cherry?"

Everyone is silent, my third not-Papa runs out of the room, crying. 

*good*

I close my eyes, and slowly enter the world of dreams, a magical place where I can torture all of the little criters that plague my mind, killing Machine is on top of my stomach, and eventually after making a few circles and using his claws to pierce my pajamas, he lay down and starts sleeping, geez is hard to breathe lika that. but the softness was worth it.

"'night, Killing Machine. love you..."

***

"hmm?" I open my eyes to see my cute self tied to the bed, hands, and legs, and mouth covered so I couldn't scream. Something was dripping on my forehead, it was a red liquid I look up to see the remains of Killing Machine on the ceiling, pinned thanks the various plastic swords piercing his body.

"hmmm!!!???"

something hops on my stomach and starts to slowly make its ways toward my head, it was Cheesus, and he looked angry, for some reason he had an eyepatch now. My eyes open up like plates as he starts preparing his special move.

"Nine Lives...!"

***
***

I-I don't know what just came over me. 
[r/Onni21](https://www.reddit.com/r/Onni21/)



