"Kinda short for a knight, aren't you?"

The words hung in the air. Sir Gregory was taken aback. He was expecting the princess to be excited to see him or terrified of the dragon. Condescension was an emotion he never entertained.

"Oh Gods, you reek. No, this won't do. If you wish to rescue me *properly* I insist you go have a bath." She wrinkled her nose and took a step back, disgust on her face.

"Your Highness, this isn't the time. The dragon is still about-"

"The dragon has been here seven years. I'm sure she can wait until you're presentable. I mean *really*. How would you feel if you opened that door and found a centaur here? Because you smell like a centaur." The princess waived her hand dismissively. "The baths are down the hall to the right. I have left some mint on the vanity in case you don't want your first kiss to cause me to vomit."

Sir Gregory flustered. "I.. Uh.. Alright."

"Would you like a new suit of armor? That looks really ratty?"

"This was my grandfather's armor!"

"Looks like he inherited it too."

"That does it!" Sir Gregory took off his helm and threw it to the floor with a loud clang. "I came here through driving rain and scorching deserts! I endured countless hardships just to come here for *you*! I did this all for you. You should have the courtesy to show me some respect."

"You're some rich asshole who thinks I'll suck your dick and make you king just because you killed a, sorry, because you *intend* to kill a dragon. I didn't ask you to come here stinking of horse and threatening to kill the only friend I have had for seven years."

"You know what? I don't have to deal with this shit." Sir Gregory's voice broke as tears welled in his eyes. He picked up and put his helmet back on. "I'm a great knight. There are lots of women at court who would love to marry me." He started to leave, then turned in the doorway. "And your kingdom is shit anyway. Wench!" 

"Don't let the porticulus hit your ass on the way out!"

"Arrgh!" He screamed as he stormed off muttering under his breath. "Stupid wench. Probably isn't even a virgin. I'm a nice knight. I wanted to rescue her. Doesn't that mean anything?"  As promised the porticulus slams shut right behind him. The drawbridge starts to rise as he nears the end, forcing him to jump the last step. 

"Gods damn it!"  He curses, turning to yell back at the keep. "When you are old and ugly and alone you will look back at this day as the biggest mistake of your life!"

"At least I'm not old and ugly now!" The princess yelled down from a window.

"I'm not old I'm twenty seven!"

"I bet you still live with your parents."

"Fuck you," Sir Gregory turns and starts storming off toward a tree with a short length of rope tied to it. He turns back and yells. "Where is my horse!?"

"I don't know where your stupid horse is. Where is my dragon?"

"I didn't even see your dragon." He points at the princess. "If your dragon ate my horse you owe me a horse!"

"If my dragon got sick eating your stinking horse you owe me a dragon."

"Don't be ridiculous. I'm not buying you a dragon."

"Then I'm not buying you a horse."

"Screw this. I'm going back to court and I'm telling everyone you're a dragon's wench and you'll never get rescued!"

"Have a pleasant walk," the princess called in a sing-song voice.

"Fuck you!!"