There was a weight on my chest. Still in the fog of sleep my mind made short work of it, a pillow or my blanket crumpled up, or the faux weight of my dog who was at my mothers. As sleep pulled me back into silent numbness, a pain scorched across my cheek, like a group of wasps had joined forces. I placed a hand to my cheek a silent *fuck* leaving my lips as a I jolted up to investigate. Blind I leaned over to grab my glasses searching in the dark. The weight moved. 

Finally blessed with vision I peered into the darkness at the weight now on my legs. In the dim light that streamed in through my window from the neighbors yard a small outline sat, two shimmering green eyes peering back. As someone who would be the first to die in a horror movie I reached out to touch it. Soft pointed ears and a round head, a cat. How it got in I did not know, but it also did not give me the opportunity to ponder. It slapped at my hand, the tiny claws feeling like wasp stings. "Asshole" I whispered softly glaring at it.

"That's so you know this is real." It stood up and jumped off my bed landing with a soft thump. What was real? My mind was still foggy and I decided to go back to bed. "Follow me, we haven't much time," I stopped and looked back down at the cat. The saying, curiosity killed the cat ran through my mind, but what about if I followed a cat? Would the cat die, or me?  I pushed the covers away and got up, the cat had already began walking towards my door. It was still closed, which left me baffled as to how the cat had got in in the first place. Real or not, I was going to find out.

It lead me through the house to the front door. For a moment I paused and looked at the stairs that led up to my host families room. I knew the door opening would not bother them, after all they had slept through the screams of a raccoon stuck in our trash can, but I wondered if I should wake them. Get their option on following a talking, maybe, cat into the night. 

"We need to move now," The cat said, green eyes shimmering up at me. Sure why not. I followed it up the side walk the small town quite. All the lights were off, the stars above glittering from the lack of light pollution. The night was truly lovely. Maybe I woke up to view this and just was using a talking cat as an excuse to get out. Life the last few months had not been easy. We walked past the small cafe into the old park, once a military fort, past the homes that were still in use. It wasn't until we reached the baseball field that I paused, serious concern making an appearance. Just past the field was an abandoned suburb, once a part of the military housing. Why they were abandoned I was still researching, what I did know, was that they were creepy in the morning so at night it would be worse. The cat cleared its throat.

"what did you expect, I follow you all gung ho?" I said throwing my hands wide in an exaggerated shrug. The cat cocked its head.

"Yes I did," It then continued walking. I took a deep breath through my nose. I'd already come this far. Into the abandoned suburb we walked. No need to use the side walk, no cars had graced this road for so long nature was starting to consume them. The giant homes loomed around, the only light coming from the moon and stars. My heart was in my throat, nerves that should have come earlier finally arriving. We walked down on the road that ended in a cul de sac. It contained the largest house which sat at the very end. It loomed ahead, like a giant mountain. The cat walked past it down the busted path that led to the back yard. A place I knew contained a strange fire pit looking thing. 

As we rounded the house I noticed a glow. The fire pit was a light, but not with anything earthly that I could think of. Unlike before all hesitation was lost my curiosity taking over. I walked past the cat to the glow. Up close I realized it was an orb like object. Almost like a planet with a gaseous visible exterior. I walked around it trying to find some earthly explanation for it, unlike I did for the talking cat. 

I crouched down, "What is it?" I asked. It was quite lovely, deep purple, blue, green and pink swirling around. I sort of wanted to touch it. 

"A bleed. The council has requested your assistance. I know the agreement was to give you your time and space, but we are unable to contain it any more. As we speak it grows." The cat said staring into the orb. I looked down at the cat to see that its fur was black and it glowed in the light. I opened my mouth then closed it. I was missing something. 

"What can I do to help?" Brilliant, act like I understand everything. The cat looked up at me.

"Never thought you'd ask," it pushed its face into my leg. the touch released a sensation that felt like a sleep jolt, except one second I was staring at a glowing orb, the next I was in a fancy entry way. White marble covered the floor with a black marble diamond pattern to break it up. It was matched on the ceiling with crown molding. The room was lined on either side with what looked to be busts of Greek philosophers and at the end of the room was a small fountain surrounded by giant leaved plants. A modest door sat just beyond the fountain. The cat was already heading towards the fountain and the door. What had I gotten myself into?