The first few years after the discovery of these superpowers almost brought world peace. People were happy with their lives as if they did something enough, they would gain an extraordinary power.

Artists who drew 10,000 pieces could draw anything perfectly from memory, or make the cleanest lines on par with a computer program drawing a straight line.  A computer programmer could perfectly write a program with no faults the worked perfect and never gave an error message.  A drummer could play any song with perfect tune, pitch, and rhythm. 

After about 3 years people wanted more.  With hate in their hearts, the worst of people with power in the military would decimate entire countries with nuclear weaponry or massive missile strikes.  Somehow people who did this didn't gain any power. There had to be some personal connection with whatever you were doing ten thousand times.  After the world went into a dark age, it was hard to even find 10,000 people to kill within close range.  One man I met said he had done this and was clearly mad; seeing that many people die would take a toll on any person's psyche, even if you were a psychopath. He told me he would never show this power to anyone. I was grateful for that, as who knows if anyone would be alive to witness what the power actually did. 

As he told his story I was downing another drink.  What else to do after you lost your entire family and every friend you ever knew in the apocalypse. 13 years of drinking was the only thing I could do to forget the horrors of the new world.  Luckily our community hideout was built on top of the storage warehouse of some major brewing company,  so there was enough alcohol to last till the end of time. I tried keeping track of how many beers I drank to see if there was any power gained from drinking so much alcohol, but how can your remember how much you drank when you were blackout drunk all the time?

On one lonely day of drinking in the 5x10 room that contained just a bedroll and a small cupboard, I felt something different. I didn't feel much despair anymore, I didn't think about the terrible ruins and mass graves outside. I actually couldn't even REMEMBER any of it.  I was content to be alive, but at what cost?

My family, friends, the apocalypse, all of it was gone from my memory.  Maybe there was some solice in not remembering anything terrible that had happened to the world.  But I was living in a state of forgetfulness my whole life, so even if I could, I wouldn't know that I even had a superpower...