*Today is the day.*

I checked the data for the fourteenth time this hour. The bombs were still in place. It's not easy, hiding hundreds of bombs beneath the Earth's crust so that they could all detonate and destroy the planet. It took a lot of time and a lot of money. Luckily, I had both to spare.

I'd been alive for, oh, about four thousand years. I can't seem to die. Well, that's not quite right: I die just fine, I just don't *stay* dead. Every time I die, I wake up not five minutes later, as a baby, to a new set of parents in a new life. Sounds like a neat superpower, right? Not after the first thousand years. Can you imagine how exhausting it is to have to re-learn how to walk and talk for the hundredth time? You'd think it would be easy, since I already knew how, but half the time my new parents are speaking a language that's new to me, or one I'd totally forgotten after multiple lifetimes. I've had to re-learn Chinese over a dozen times. And walking? Baby legs *suck*. Even with all my practice, it takes more than six months. And even then, I'm still a baby. Most parents won't let their baby get on a plane to a Swiss bank (where I keep my impressive fortune) for at least a few years.

Well, I'm tired of it. After dying before my second year *three times* in a row (damn mosquitoes), I decided enough was enough. There's only one way I could think of to break the curse: eliminating all life. Can't reincarnate if there's no one to reincarnate into, right?

It took a few lifetimes, but eventually I had the power to do it. I have contacts in pretty much every government in the world. I'm pretty sure that there's no one in space right now, at least that any official governments are aware of, so once the bombs go off, every living being of Earth will be destroyed. Myself included, if all goes well.

*Let's get this over with.* No sense in dragging it out, right? The longer I wait, the greater the risk that someone will notice a massive nuke under their feet and raise the alarm. I'd checked the calculations a hundred times, the bombs should be enough to shatter the entire planet. What more was there to do but die?

I pushed the button.

After a few extremely awkward seconds where the command buffered, and I wondered how badly I'd screwed up, the entire Earth was completely destroyed in an enormous nuclear fireball.

My last thoughts, as I was utterly disintegrated, were, "*Finally.*"

Dying this time felt a bit different. I'd been disintegrated before, but this felt strange. Was I heading to an afterlife, finally? I felt a bit worried at the thought. After killing every living thing on Earth, I was probably about to be sent straight to Hell. Maybe killing all the mosquitoes would balance it out?

Then I felt a familiar pull. *Shit.* It couldn't be. That was the pull towards a new body, a new life. No way, it couldn't be that. No, no, no, I must be mistaken, who could I possibly be reincarnated into this time?

My spirit was forcibly dragged up towards the blinding light, which looked quite a bit more reddish than usual, and with a sickening *pop* that I felt in all six of my legs, I snapped into a—

—Wait, what? *How* many legs? I did a quick rundown of my new body. OK, four arms, six legs, green skin, and my new... mother?? staring down at me looked like a cross between a giant grasshopper and a pile of wet snot.

*Aliens. God damned, mother-fucking, son-of-a-bitch ALIENS.*

I opened my new mandibles and screamed.