David sits at his computer, trying to type through the maelstrom of screaming. He shifts a row, typing numbers into the document as though the sounds were just the buzz of cicadas or the music of crickets, rather than the soundtrack of hell.

Pushing his glasses down and rubbing his eyes, he sighs loudly out of frustration. “You know,” He starts, tone a bit sharp, “You’re keeping me from doing the job that I have to pay the rent. Do you know what rent is?” He starts to become sarcastic, even condescending. “Rent is that thing you pay to let you have a roof over your head and to keep you safe.”

After doing another line of values in his spreadsheet, he pauses,  yelling at the voices. “If you want to live here, or in my head, you might as well start paying some damn rent!”

Feeling a little bit better, he takes the quiet to mean he can go back to work, only scratching his arms occasionally. He mumbles the numbers aloud as he types them, unsettled by the near-silence.

He zones out, typing the numbers almost on autopilot. When he finishes the last line, he hears a familiar female voice, one he knew instinctively was named Leah.

She steps up close behind him, her caramel skin contrasting with his pale neck as she rests her hand on his shoulder. In the reflection of the monitor, she’s not there, though. “Come on, David, you need to go to bed. If you stay up too late, it’ll just get worse.”

He hears the jingle of her bangles, the sound of her arm rubbing against her dress as she lifts it to tuck her hair behind her ear, but in the reflection, he’s just staring at himself.

Shaking his head, he logs out of the computer, turning its screen off. He smiles at Leah, taking her hand as he walks into his room and sits down on the bed. She smiles at him, moving quickly to the other side of the bed. He shuffles down, getting into the right position and curling up to her. He wraps an arm around her, nuzzling his face into her hair as he starts to fall asleep.

In the morning, he wakes to his alarm and the voices screaming, his head pounding, eyes heavy, and him still feeling half-asleep. He looks at the clock, then hits the button to turn it off, climbing quickly out of bed and rushing into his bathroom to pee.

While standing there, he notices an unfamiliar voice whispering, or at least incredibly quiet, under the screams. Ignoring it the best he can, David finishes up, washing his hands as the toilet flushes.

He picks up his glasses from the bedside table, unsure of when he’d taken them off the night before, but glad they’re in one piece regardless. He pushes them up his nose, catching a glimpse of his wild eyes, rimmed with bags from being exhausted, staring back.

Ignoring that too, he walks back into the living room, planning on polishing the report before sending it off. Before he can even sit fully, though, he notices a letter, addressed with his name in calligraphy no less, resting on his keyboard. Using a nail, he pulls back the flap of the envelope, surprising himself when it flips up easily. What falls out, though, isn’t a letter, but bills of various denominations.

He grabs them all, noticing it says something on the flap of the envelope. He turns it, reading, “RENT” in neat handwriting.

If he hadn’t remembered snapping at the voices, he’d be confused and maybe even laugh. But instead, he clenches his jaw, starting to count out the money.

“One… two… three… eight… ten… twenty… thirty… fifty… one hundred…” He trails off, mouthing the numbers instead.

Shuffling the money through, he counts again and again until he finally accepts that there’s at least two months rent in the envelope.

The voice he’d heard under all the screaming laughs, amused at his discomfort but still too quiet to be heard properly. From what David can tell, it sounds like an older man, but it could be almost anything at this point.

He stands up quickly, grabbing the envelope and stuffing the cash back in. He closes the flap, holding the envelope tight as he stands on a small stepladder to check his shoe box safe at the top of the closet.

He shakes his head as he pulls down the box, seeing that there’s already a stuffed envelope in there. Shoving the other one in as well, he closes the box and tosses it back into its place on the shelf.

Looking around, he hunts for any clues as to where the money came from. Picking up his keyboard, he finds a single penny, but nothing else.

In the kitchen, he sees a figure, all white with the exception of the shoes, cutting something. David steps closer and closer, especially after seeing it has no reflection like Leah.

Turning back toward David, the man grins wickedly. “Oh, I see you got my payment. I do enjoy a good show, and I’m so pleased you chose to let me stay in here. I do believe we’ll get to be good friends, don’t you?"

-----

This is based off of the characters of my most popular prompt fill, if they sound familiar at all.

Check out my other writings on http://allharlowseve.wordpress.com/ to see what I've written lately, I'd appreciate it. xo