It wasn't until about 3 weeks ago that I finally met her.  She was very old by then, probably almost 90.  I had seen this woman around before, but not often enough to think she lived in my neighborhood.  And then I still occasionally saw her when I made it big and moved into a REAL house in a nice neighborhood, which gave me this nagging suspicion that she was following me.

Maybe I should back up.  It was the middle of the summer 2018, I was walking home (if you can call a nearly condemned basement apartment with more roaches than square feet home) from work when I saw the penny.  I had finished my shift at the bar I worked at, a very "in" hipster place.  You know the kind that serves microbrews that they would proudly tell you are nanobrews if that made sense.  I wore a weird hat and a vest with a tie, which wasn't my style, but I needed money.  And the people there weren't bad.  Customers were interesting and the staff was always very friendly.  I never shared with them that I was considered an abject failure by my family.  I dropped out to invent things, write programs, and save the world.  My parents, both physicists, wouldn't talk to me.  My sister called me once a month to check in, but that was it.   After several years of struggling with ideas, I had given up, realizing I was destined to scrape by.

But that I saw a face up penny, and while I'm not too superstitious, I am willing to buy into something if it gives me some relief for just a minute.  I bent to pick it up and my knees buckled.  My face.  MY FACE.  Easy to tell, there was no doubt.  On the penny was me.  I snatched it up, and hastily looked at the date. 2044.  My head swam, I leaned on a nearby bike rack to catch my breath, my thoughts, and my stomach.  Once I was able to move, I sped home, staring at this penny the whole time.

That's where it all changed.

I saw the old woman about 3 weeks ago, and this time I decided to say hi.  I had nodded at her before, waved and smiled even, but since I only saw her once or twice a year I figured that sufficed.  This time was different.  She looked different, worn, aged.  I decided to say hi.

As I approached, she gave me her usual friendly look, which turned into something I couldn't put my finger on once it became apparent that I was coming to talk to her.  She raised her hand and waved me off as I opened my mouth to speak, and simply said "come with me".

Within two years of the penny incident as I called it, I had 3 patents, a budding software business, and was deeply involved in transforming healthcare.  I wanted to save lives. I looked at that penny every day.  It spoke to me, but I rarely knew what it said.

By 2025 I was one of the wealthiest people in America, and as I proudly noted, made that money as the "Robin Hood of health".  Terrible name I know, but I loved it.  I had made billions by helping to break apart the powerful forces in healthcare in the US, and had given most of it back in order to make sure my ideas of everyone getting a fair shot would live on past me.  I had a nagging thought in the back of my mind.  Four numbers: 2-0-4-4.  Am I dead then? Do I win some award? Have I done enough to earn the penny?

The old woman sat down on a park bench and motioned me to do the same.  As I sat and opened my mouth she said "I'm so proud, but I'm so sorry too".  I was taken aback.  Had I somehow helped to save her, a family member, or a loved one? I couldn't think, so I just blurted "It's okay".  Diving in, I then asked "about what?"  She took a deep breath and began to tell a story about her husband, how he was an optimist, believed in the power of thought and will power.  He had died in 2016, and had left her longing for something.  She spent the rest of her middle years hand making pennies for people who looked down on their luck.  Giving them hope, watching them thrive.  

I was taken aback.  All this that I had worked for was a lie.  But at the same time, it was real.  No one had given it to me, I had poured blood and sweat and tears into this.  Amid the swirl of emotions, all I could do was hug her.  She just whispered "A penny for your thoughts", patted me on the leg, and stood up to slowly walk away.