Ever since I was little, I have observed that my culture, as a whole is very apologetic. We say sorry, A lot, even for things that weren't our fault to begin with, but we still do it. I moved to Seattle at the Age of 10 and I remember, vividly, a conversation I had with my father one day.

We were out on a walk at a nearby strip mall when a punk young adult, walking with a sway, bumped by father on the shoulder so hard it caused him to stumble. I knew my father have never been a confrontational man but that time it was definitely someone else's fault, however without even the slightest bit of hesitation or annoyance, my father apologized and we walked on.

I asked him after, "why did you apologize when that man did something wrong?" He knelt down and looked me in the eye, "son, we are Canadians, it is in our culture to be courteous with others for they are not as fortunate as we are."

I've never understood what he meant by that but followed along. It wasn't until I turned 22 and was accepted into the Canadian special forces, assigned to a global task force that I learned the truth. I moved back to Winnipeg when I was 16, being an outsider in high school, I lost my drive to study and joined the military. I got my recommendation to the CSF just 4 years later.

Today was my orientation and immediately we were to take an oath of confidentiality and signed multiple contracts. A few of out recruits sat the press room, waiting for a presentation on the global task force. The speaker walked in, the room dimmed, and the screen flicked on: "CSF, a History, Your Duty".

The 4 hours long presentation ended in a flash, each of us walked out, shell shocked, "Just who exactly were we?"

Since the inception of the CSF, back in colonial days, hidden from the British Empire, the CSF has developed a wide web of influence. We had James Madison tagged and could have stopped the US invasion, stopped them dead at the great lakes. It would have saved lives, but we deemed it important for the course of our countries to fight it out. Tens of thousands of lives lost, we could have avoided the conflict all together but the end result did prove we took the right course of action, despite losses.

Ferdinand didn't need to die, WWI didn't need to happen but the tension in Europe had been building up so much that a full blown war was needed to release it all. If suppressed, it would have resulted in a series of minor conflicts, and those were expensive to us. We supplied the information and equipment to the Black Hand, helped them set up the assassination attempt, but those Slavs could not even execute a plan detailed to a T for them, we had to salvage the second attempt. Top officials were not please but at least it worked out in the end.

We took the risk on Lenin as well, it didn't go well. His ideals were not revolutionary and would have been disastrous. We had to correct the events and paint communism as the true evil. The Nordic Division took months to remove Stalin's opposition. We were the ones who made sure his atrocities happened.

Hitler was no different, We have already had him in our sights since Munich, but the west has gotten too complacent since WWI, something we did not expect so soon. We made sure Hitler won the vote to governance.

We could have stopped the Manhattan project and prevented both Vietnam and Korea, but top ranking officials deemed them necessary. Pearson defied orders and resolved the Suez Canal by himself, that was one incident we tried to avoid conflict, it almost worked but peace did not last.

I am already breaking my agreement writing all this but it is something I need to talk about. Even in the current geopolitical climate, Canada still pulls the strings on everything. Maybe it due to my american upbringing, a place that taught us we were the best. Now that my upbringing is conflicting with the true fact of the world, I want this to be known.

Edit: words and stuff