"come on dude, you gotta get up"
He moaned
"seriously, you gotta eat" 

The thing about being a demon is that you're really just a heavy angel. And sometimes its hard to get out of the habit of helping. Well that's what we say to ourselves. 

Right now, he's hiding under the blanket, its 5pm and he hasn't moved an inch. I know he's hungry, I've been making him hungry all day, but it hasn't worked. Oh wait, look. His foots sneaking out, perfect. 

There's a few screams, and I think I hit his head a few times dragging him down the stairs but it works. He's in the kitchen. So's his blanket, but you know, it's a start.

I hand him off to sloth, to calm him down again. Nothing like having our perfect on hand anti panic machiene, even if sloth does winge when we make xer do shit. Wrath keeps him in check. Mostly we leave wrath to check everything else in check, xe sends away any unwanted callers, mostly bank men these days. Something about not paying his bills. meh, humans are weird. Oh, and he deals with the nightmares, chases them right out of the poor fuckers head

I focus on his basic needs mostly, it all started with just trying to get him to eat, but I seem to have become his general health organiser. Pride helps me out by making him get dressed and take a shower most days. Plus giving him the odd pep talk about excersize and being fit. He's not taken xer up on anything yet, but we're hopeful 
 
Lust xe had a hard time transitioning away from all that squishy sex stuff. Xe mostly focuses on making him want to go outside, and enjoy the sun. It works sometimes. 

Envy is in the kitchen. I can sense xer's presence expanding to fill the space. Xe's always been jealous of my size. Well, it's not really size. It's more presence. I hate trying to use this clunky language.

I don't let it bother me, Pride and Envy always end up butting heads though. Envy tries to work out what this human needs. Xe looks at the neighbours, and what they have, and steals it from them. Fully stocked kitchen, perfect for a hungry human.

Greed and Envy are always scheming away on what to get next. I suspect there might be a pool in the garden soon. 

