"So, you are seriously wanting to have that ridicilous toy when we are going back to hell?"

A girl with a blue eyes asked a tall, lean guy with the curly hair, constantly reminding him she was the demon.

"Yes, you told me. This is something I bought in Prague couple of years ago. It is the only thing I want to bring from the earth. Besides clothes, I guess."

Girl, who liked to call herself Daisy, at least through time she spended on Earth. It seemed kinda appropriate to her that evil is something which would hide in the least probable form and name.

"Ok, Gab, whatever. You are thirty years old and still have a childlish mind from the moment I met you"

Gab lived alone. His mom died, and he decided to stay distant with his father. His father was big chief executive in some real estates firm, and he was never around during his childhood, so Gab decided why should he stick with his contact now?

"Ok, so, this is it. I am opening a portal to hell. Are you ready?"
Gab made a smirk.
"Yes, I told you hundred times I am ready. You know I am obsessed with hell the moment I summoned you twenty years ago."

"So, you realize this is not a game? Did you say goodbye to all your friends and relatives?"

Daisy, you know I live like a hermit, beside that one trip to Prague. All of my life I was history and middle age fan. I love to read occult and esotheric, and I think Hitler would be a great guy if he lived through this day.

Daisy smiled.
"Ok. I am glad. Because you will meet my father. The Devil. Belzeebub. Lucifer. You know he is in charge. I dont want you to embarass me in front of him".

Gab didnt said nothing.

Daisy with a single snap of her fingers opened a portal. The hell was more less he Gab imagined it would be.  Hot, steam, lava, desolate mountains and wast deserts. And tunnels. Lots of tunnels.

"Ok, listen Gab. I need to get back in my old form. So dont freak out. And my name is Devon, not Daisy. Ok?"

Gab had a big smile on his face. Devon thought, even for me, there are sometimes moments when this Nazi loving maniac scares me.
Horns suddenly grows fom Devons head and her legs transforms into something which more looks like a goats or satyrs legs.
But everything else stayed the same.

"Thats it? That is your whole transformation? I imagined it more."
Something the way Gab said the sentence didnt really reminded Devon to the 13 year old guy who summoned her back then.

"Ok, follow me. We need to get to my father first, he must grant me the seal of approvement that you can be my slave, or you will go and suffer with the rest of the sinners here. I wont treat you badly, I promise."

It was a long way to the headquarters of Satan, they needed to go through a bridge above lava, see all kinds of sinners get torchured and whiped. 

Suddenly there were three entrances.

"See that left entrance. This leads to the ninth circle of hell. I think Hitler is there. You can finally meet him"

The Gab didnt said nothing. That was strange.

"Listen, before you come to him, and I already told you this. Dont talk about archangels. They are our mortal enemies. Dont talk about God. Dont talk about heaven. Got it?"

Gab nodded.

The site of Devil on throne makes his pupils get smaller. He was sitting in a throne made with all kinds of bones and skulls, and underneath a throne there was a pull of blood.

"Ah finally, my young one! You finally came. I see you brought me a human pet."

"Yes father, this is Gab"

"Nice to meet you, Gab", says the devil like a father who just watched the football game and his daughter brought a boyfriend home.

"Actually, I am not really Gab."

Devon looked at him and smirked her eyebrows. 

"See, I am a friend of Gab. Gab loved occult forums and we met there and started to chat instantly. Gab told me all about you and how he summoned you."

Lucifer found this whole situation amusing. Her uncompetent daughter messed something up and brought some other idiotic human pet.

"See, I invited him in Prague and killed him. So I am not really Gab."

Suddenly, out of nothing, the enormous wings sprung out of Gab's back. 

"I am Gabriel. The archangel."

Lucifer stood up with violent speed.
"Motherfuck------"
It was too late. The sword was already in his chest.

"And this 'toy', Daisy, Devon, or whatever the fuck you are. This is Lightslayer"


_______________
_______________

>Sorry for grammar mistakes, everyone.
This is second time I wrote a story in english.
I hope you enjoyed!



