"Ah..."

"Ah?"

Michael rolled his eyes. He couldn't even imagine what the reaper was expecting him to say. Reapers were the old way. They were the old guard. Technology advanced, that was that. Michael wanted to live forever, and he wasn't buying the death pitch, he just wasn't. Life. Death. They were never going to understand each other. Then again, with the reaper's noisy shambling getting closer by the second, maybe conversation was worth a shot. No one really knew if the reapers had rules to follow or not, and there had been more than enough strange accidents over the years.

So Michael took his shot.

The reaper paused and craned its neck forward in disbelief.

"Life is a gentle thing if you welcome it, like a soft breeze or a bashful kiss," Michael said with a self satisfied smirk.

"Then what's the puppy for?" the reaper asked. "A trade?"

Michael blinked. "What? No. Jesus... No. You can't have him, he's just getting started."

The reaper shook its polished white head. It would have rolled its eyes if it had some, Michael realized. "What then?" it asked.

"Finally," Michael said with relief. "*The people who resist**." *So clever*. *Turned the tables on death*.

"What?"

"Yes."

"No... What?"

"Don't resist."

"I..."

The puppy whined and squirmed.

"Pet the puppy," Michael insisted.

Bones rubbed against one another as the reaper demonstratively shook its head and held up its free hand. "I can't."

"Sure you can, you just-"

The reaper lurched forward awkwardly, like a high fructose toddler brand-new to walking and rocketing toward a giant cotton candy. Michael flinched, but of course the reaper just wanted to pet the puppy. Who wouldn't?

Like any good puppy would, the little brown ball of fur grunted happily and started chewing his new bones. The reaper laughed, and pet, and scratched.

They were at it for nearly forty minutes before the puppy finally fell asleep in the reaper's arms. Michael grinned and pulled another slice of life out of his backpack. Then he sat down on the slope. "See? Life. It's great."

"Then what's that for?" the reaper asked, pointing at the cheap bottle of Fleischmann's.

"Social lubricant!" Michael said. "We're going to a party! Right down there..." He pointed at some houses nestled into the base of the hills

"Ah..."

"*Don't resist*."

The reaper shrugged and partook without complaint. They laughed as the midday hours went by, talking about all the things happening in the world, like the fact that Madonna had actually lived long enough to reach immortality in a brand-new body. They modified some lyrics and sang, "Like a virgin, for the very second time," miming as much 20th Century dance as they could remember. Of course, the reaper remembered quite a bit, since the 1980s weren't so long ago for a truly infinite being. Some of it would have been pretty disturbing had Michael not been so hammered. They talked about that for a while, too. Free college. Day drinking. Partying. Virtual partying. Uploading into random black market bodies. What else was life for? They sang some more classical pop from the last century, Rihanna, and Michael truly felt like a diamond in the sky.

It was fun meeting a reaper. No... It was a blast. But Michael really did have a party to get to. "Well..." he said, pushing himself up onto wobbly legs. "Are you read- Woh! Wooooh! Oh shit! Ohhhh SHIT!"

"Don't resist," the reaper said sympathetically.

"Oh *fuck you!"* Michael said as he slid past the shrub he was going to grab and fell off the cliff. "UPLOAD!" he shouted. Nothing happened, except that the ground came much closer much faster than he was expecting. "Jesus!" he said, flailing his arms. "UPLOAD!"

The last few fractions of a second seemed to last a minute. After realizing that the upload into his spare body had failed to initiate, and that his true death was imminent, he went through all the stages of grief. Then, as the ground rushed up to meet him, the reaper appeared with its arms held out in a welcoming embrace. *Don't forget the puppy,* Michael thought, as it wasn't that little guy's time yet and someone would have to look out for him.

Just before the end, he realized what the reaper would have said if there had been enough time. It was written all over its dead, vacant face.

*But that was your job. You were alive.*

Edit: Couple of errors. Was missing a word.