I landed on my sofa and kicked off my socks. Another long week of work done with, time to start the weekend. I planned to drink some brews, watch some movies and otherwise hope to put the last week behind me. Before I kicked off the weekend, I needed to exercise my writing muscles. I queued up some music and found a prompt, "Satan stole something from you. How do you intend to get it back?" 

It didn't take my long to come up with a story and title. 

"Satan Stole my Teddybear: A tale of revenge." 

Not seconds after I keyed the title, I heard a knocking at my door. I walked over, and standing before my apartment door was none other than Satan himself. 

"Lucifer!" I  said. "My master!" I bowed my head. 

"Please, call me Lou." He said. "We need to have a talk, DV666."

I raised my head and waited for him to continue.nodded and invited him inside, I bade him sit on my loveseat opposite my sofa. 

"You need to stop writing about me." He said. 

"Why?" I said. "I do this to praise your unholy magnificence!" 

"How does writing about me stealing your teddybear praise me?" He said. "My power is fed from fear and mystery. Your silly stories are sapping my power. And the music you listen to as well, is the fact that you're listening to a band called Satan's Almighty Penis supposed to impress me?" 

I said nothing. He continued. "I need you to stop writing about me. The more my power is drained, the more time I have to spend in a mortal disguise. It's most undignified." 

"You have a mortal disguise?" I said. He looked at me crossly. 

"Yes," He said. Embarrassed, he produced a business card from thin air and handed it to me. "Lou. C. Ferr. Senior Partner. Dewey, Gougem & Howe. Barristers & Solicitors." 

"Cool." I said. 

He sighed. "Will you obey my command and stop writing about me?" 

I nodded. "Very well. The consequences should you fail to obey me would be most dire. Now, I have some other people to visit." He stood up. 

"Oh, and one more thing." He said. "Stop listening to silly Black Metal. Listen to jazz instead." 

"As you command." I said. Satan stood and I walked him to my door. I bowed my head before closing the door, offering him words of praise. 

 I went to my kitchen and pulled a beer out of the fridge. I walked over to my bedroom. I drank a few sips and looked at the empty bedside table. A table that in my childhood had been adorned by my favourite teddybear, stolen by none other than Satan himself. As a foolish 8 year old, I'd blasphemed by questioning his power. I took another sip and smiled. Looks like I had a story to finish. 