I had first met Gary at University. We had met when we both took part in the Futurist society, a small group of students who were convinced they knew what the future would be like. I went to a few sessions as an undergrad until I realised that most of the people there were tools.

He became one of those recognisable faces in a crowd, someone who I would nod at if I saw them in the shop or the library. We would occasionally make small-talk, but he always seemed to be either really stressed or really nervous. The only time we had a proper conversation was during a night out in my third and final year. I had just handed in a long, long, long essay and so I was very, very, very drunk. It was one of those strange drunk hazes where I could remember loads of small parts in perfect clarity, including when someone held my hair back as I threw up in the toilet.

I saw Gary in the smoking area, he was casually hidden underneath the fire exit. He held a half drunk glass of brown liquid and had the unmistakable sway of a man celebrating. I remember seeing him and squealing, squeezing through the crowd to greet him. He seemed very scared until he realised it was me, and I hugged him as if he was my greatest friend. I get friendly when I'm very, very, very drunk. His face was as red as a strawberry when I let go, so much so I thought he might be having an allergic reaction to me. Looking back at it now, I think it might just have been that a lot of girls didn't hug him like that.

We spent a good half hour talking to each other, the sort of conversation that could only be understood after a few drinks. We poured are hearts out to each other, knew each other like we had never known anyone else. For that half hour, we were the most important people who had ever existed.

After that half hour, one of my friends came and bought me another drink. The next thing I know, I'm waking up in a bed covered in vomit. Not one of my prouder moments.

I didn't see Gary again. I though about getting in contact with him but honestly, I was too busy setting myself up for the next stage of my life.

I got an internship at a company that a friend of a friend of my owned. I may have gotten in through contacts, but I was amazing. I did the work of three interns. Literally, the other two were let go after a while, that's how good I was. I was offered a full position at the company, and I just kept working. Within 5 years, I was working directly underneath the Chief Financial Officer herself, and it didn't take long for me to realise that she was grooming me to take over her role in a few years. With her as my mentor, I was on track to be the youngest senior in the history of the company. 

It was at this point my health began to falter. It started small at first, the occasional brief headache or sleepless night, nothing that I was concerned about. However before too long, these both became constants in my life. Apparently being so young and so stressed made sleeping about as easy as finishing a long, long, long essay. I needed an outlet but I didn't have time for anything like relationships or hobbies. Hell, I couldn't even have one lousy night out drunk. 

I started falling into bad habits. I began drinking more coffee to stay awake. I began to smoke to stop stressing. I began to do coke to just be less tired. I still kept up appearances, able to partake in my vices while never leaving my office, in at dawn, leaving at dusk. I had my own assistant who took care of all that stuff for me, and allowed me to envelop myself in drugs, exercise and paperwork. I was a mess, going to break down any day now and nobody could tell the difference. 

I remember waking up in the bathroom, cold water being splashed into my face. My mentor and assistant were carrying me, a wedge of paper used on the door to keep anyone coming in. They had found me in my office when they had arrived that morning, I had taken just a little bit too much of something or other. My mentor gave me the biggest bollocking of my life, worse than any teacher or parent ever had. She called me every insult under the sun, some that would shock HR if they  ever heard them say them. Only two really cut me though. *Young* and *Reckless.* 

She made me quit cold turkey. She fired my assistant, got her own replacement, one that wouldn't follow my orders no matter how I screamed. For appearances sake, she let me come to work but I was imprisoned to my office, only allowed to work on the most mindless of tasks. She said that if I failed to quit, than I was a failure, and a failure would never succeed her. 

I made it through the first week OK, but after that I really began to flag. The sleepless nights meant that there was no escaping the screaming urges, the gnawing hunger. I felt empty. My assistant, my old assistant, came to visit me once. We spoke, made small talk. Before too long, I was begging her to get me something, anything. She got scared and left. She wouldn't return. We wouldn't see each other again.

She did leave behind something important though. Through my hunger I had refused to listen, but she had written in down for me. She was aware like that, she could see how much I was suffering and left the note in the hopes that I might have a moment of clarity. I will love her forever for that. 