The O' Hare International Airport intercom system played its endless loop of necessary yet hopelessly dull messages through its speakers. The people who were privy to its knowledge did not hardly listen to it at all. They plodded along, with backpacks and rolling carry\-on luggage and massive rolling suitcases filled with every possible eventuality a traveler may face on an adventure. 

A thin man with wiry red hair poking out in all directions sat on a row of seats at gate B12 in concourse 2. He was staring at the flashing and constantly refreshing arrivals and departures screens above him. Staring at the screens made him think about how much the world buzzed around him, despite himself being almost completely at rest. The world always found itself in the present moment; it didn't hang, even for an instant, in the past, or linger for a moment too long in something that was to happen in the future.   


The man with fiery hair stared at his passport photo for the tenth time that day. His eye color read, 'GRE'; his hair 'RED'; his height '5 ft. 9 in.'; his full name read, 'Harold Benson Veracruz'. His flight was scheduled to leave in ten minutes. The intercom system was in the middle of one of its repeating messages about the size and contents of liquids in carry\-on bags. It was silenced by a more immediate message, one concerning the flight that Harold was scheduled to board. He ignored it like most everything else that caught the attention of his senses. Harold stood up and walked to the end of the hall, through many others with moving sidewalks. He had taken the small backpack he had been carrying, but had forgotten the rolling carry\-on luggage he was carrying.  A woman in black slacks, a tucked in button\-down shirt, and black Doc Martens with gum colored soles walked by and grabbed the handle of Harold's rolling luggage. She clicked the handle to its full extension and moved to a nearby seat. A couple of people noticed what was going on but did nothing. 

Harold had walked all the way back to the street pick\-up lanes reserved for those who arranged limousines. There was a man in a perfectly pressed black suit and sunglasses holding up a sign that read, 'Mr. Grandin'. Harold walked up to the man and shook his hand, told him that he was Mr. Grandin. The driver opened the back door took Harold's backpack. Harold climbed in and the driver placed his backpack on the other side of the limo. As the car sped out of sight of the doors of the airport, a man in a dark grey t\-shirt and khaki shorts ran out,  glancing around chaotically. He pulled a phone from his pocket and dialed a number. He did no listening, only spoke into the phone, 'Target lost. Repeat: target lost.'.

The sharply dressed woman that had commandeered Harold's luggage wrote a text into her phone as she sat in her seat on an airplane destined for San Antonio, Texas. The message read, 'Pick\-up complete.'

Harold's limousine pulled up to a massive building in downtown Chicago. The driver opened his door and gestured for him to exit. Harold walked down the street, not knowing where he was. The limo driver looked puzzled, standing with white\-gloved hands as Harold became smaller and smaller in the distance. 

Eventually, Harold noticed a familiar bus number on a bus stop sign. He stopped and waited for the next bus to bear that number. He got on, dropping his exact fare in the coin slot. He rode to Oak Park, a city on the outskirts of Chicago with mostly apartment complexes and modest homes, and walked into the red brick complex where he lived. He unlocked his door and walked straight into the bathroom to grab the travel size toothpaste he had forgotten. When he couldn't find it in the medicine cabinet, he instinctively felt in the back pockets of his jeans. The inside of the right\-hand back pocket was coated with a consistent white layer of toothpaste, along with a flattened tube. His right hand clad with white minty paste, he rubbed his hand on the front of his pants. His right eye suddenly itched, so he itched it, making his right eye burn as if he had mushed a fresh jalapeno into it. Panicking, he thrust his head into the bathroom sink, smashing his head against the faucet, and falling limply to the dirty white tile floor.