 "Finally." A man wearing tattered armor removes his taterred helmet and drops it on the floor. It clunked heavily. "Oh I cannot wait any longer." He quickly removes his chest armor. "They say to do it in my armor. I say forget that. We're not barbarians!" Underneath, his old shirt flowed freely against the wind. He frees his manhood and as he releases a day long hold, he sighs a huge breath of satisfaction. He stood there quietly, enjoying each second as the stream...wait a second. The stream did not behave normally. Before it hit the forest floor, the stream bounced off an invisible force field of some kind. The man noticed only when he felt splashes above his waist armor. "Honestly?" He steps back, angry at his loose cannon when he notices his pee splashing oddly at this invisible field. He shakes his courage and sheates it, still staring at the forest floor.

 Nothing was there except for some dead leaves and portruding roots. He did notice the dry spot on the floor, where his waste should be. He kneels to take a closer look and realizes that one of the roots was pure white. The man digs around it and the more he revealed, the more it looked like human bones. "Oh." He picks up the long bone. "Useless." He tries to snap it in half to test his strength because he felt like it but found that it was impossible. Getting angrier and angrier by this odd bone, he throws it hard at a nearby tree. He saw it again. But this time, the invisible field grinded against the tree for a short second and fell on the floor. Part of the tree was burnt and the man sat in amazement.

"Gwyd! You idiot. Sir Hiero is coming." Another man's voice bellowed outside the forest.

"Lord have mercy!" He quickly grabs the bone and stuffs it in his   chest armor before putting it on. He grabs his helmet and runs to the clearing.

"Soldier!" The knight says, arms crossed and face contorted. Gwyd saw his fellow soldiers lining up straight. All of them showed signs of wear and tear.

"What were you doing in there soldier. Not deserting are we?" The knight stepped menacingly towards him.

"No sir, I was taking a leak, sir." Gwyd avoided his indimidating gaze.

"Because of this man here, you all will be returning to camp." The sergeant paused and looked around. His men were avoiding him. They knew what was coming. "You'll be returning to camp on foot." The knight walked towards the horses, being watched by a couple of squires. The 12 men looked at Gwyd in disbelief. Including Jonah, who was a good friend to Gwyd.

"Squires, send these horses to the thirty third company. They will need the help." The squires nodded and took off. The knight mounted his armored horse.

"Men, on me."

The soldiers marched behind the knight. Most of them gave Gwyd irritated looks. Some threatened him and wished him death in the battlefield tomorrow. Some did not care, for they lost friends today. Gwyd and Jonah marched on silently. Gwyd was thinking about his newly found treasure.

The march went on for two hours. A long line of soldiers stretched as far as the eye can see. The front of the line dispersed to their camp sites, excited for grool and having to wear no armor. The back of the line, which was still an hour away, wished they could cut through. But to do so, they would be cut themselves.

The night was uneventful. Most soldiers passed out from drinking or from soldiering. Gwyd though, was wide awake and playing with the bone. He wondered what it was and what it did. Why it behaved the way it did and why he had the urge to take it on the first place. Then, he had an idea. He could test it. He had to test it. With what though? He looked at his old weapon. 

He got out of his sleeping cloth and sneaked past his company. "Gwyd. What are you doing!" Whispered Jonah, who peeked from his sleeping cloth. Gwyd shushed him and went on. 

A few paces from camp, he found a safe enough spot to test this weird bone. 

He struck it with his sword, quietly but still hard enough to slice a normal bone. He guessed correctly as it bounced off before it even hit the bone. But something new happened this time. Instead of an invisible field, or a burnt sword, he saw a flash of what looked like a beautiful golden shield. He struck it again and saw the same thing. 

All of a sudden, a woman's voice was heard. "Hey stop that."

That startled Gwyd and he quickly looked behind but saw no one. Jonah who heard the same voice continued hiding under the tall grass. 

Gwyd, looking puzzled, struck it again.

"Hey! What the hell." Gwyd fell backwards and kicked the bone away. The bone was speaking but he didn't want to believe it. 

"Hello?" He asked awkwardly.

"Yes?" The bone replied. 





*EDIT:grammar