"Hey... Hey! You don't have to do this!"

His names is Darius Johnson. He murdered three people in cold blood, then came home and shot his wife and kids. Then he shot himself. Why he was allowed to come back is beyond me. Why any of them are allowed to come back is a big question. Maybe hell was full?

I sit across from Mr. Johnson who's hands are tied to the table. 

"Hope you don't mind, I was a little hungry." 

While Mr. Johnson had been unconscious I'd decided to make myself a meatball sub with some of the stuff I'd found in the kitchen. Least he could do, for all the trouble it took to find him. His cabin is in the middle of nowhere in the rocky mountains. 

I set my recorder down on the table and hit a button. Mr. Johnson stares at me, he might not be aware of the current law.

"This is Detective J, interviewing a Mr. Darius Johnson. You are Mr. Johnson correct?"

Mr. Johnson nods causing me to sigh and push the recorder closer across the wooden table.

"Mr. Johnson I'm gonna need a verbal conformation that you are in fact, Darius Johnson."

He gulps and tries to stand. I calmly stand up and slam his head into the table. He shouts in pain and I return to my seat. Blood streams out of his nose and on to the table in front of him. I move my food just a little bit further away from him.

"My... My name is Darius Johnson."

I nod and smile, then I take a bite out of my sandwich. Man, I was hungry. Been a while since I could get some good food. The worlds been a little chaotic since the dead came back. Hard to find a place that serves food without a gun getting pointed at your head before you can order.

"The date is December 25th, 2035. We are at Mr. Johnson's cabin located near an old outpost. It's taken me three weeks to find Mr. Johnson in his hideout. When I arrived Mr. Johnson took three shots at me with his gun. I returned fire striking Mr. Johnson once in the shoulder. Are all of the events I've described true Mr. Johnson?"

Mr. Johnson glares at me as he holds his head up to stop the bleeding.

"Don't you guys have cameras? Why do you need to ask me any of this?"

I sigh and take another bite out of my sandwich. I forgot Mr. Johnson is from a different time then now. One more trustworthy if one could believe it.  

"Recorders are less easy to hack Mr. Johnson, we stopped using cameras a long while ago. Being an officer has a different meaning then it used to Mr. Johnson. We don't lie. Now can you confirm that this happened or not?"

Mr. Johnson hesitates but a stiff look from me and he changes his mind. 

"That is what happened yes."

Good. He's bein cooperative. Makes my job easier. 

"Alright Mr. Johnson just one last question. Did you or did you not kill three people, then carry on to your family?"

Mr. Johnson flips the table and rushes me. A flash from the muzzle of my gun and Mr. Johnson is dead again. Hopefully for good this time. I sigh at my meatball sandwich that now lies in ruins on the floor. I stand up to make another, kicking Mr. Johnson's body on my way to the kitchen.
