The LEDs blinked as a distant thud echoed through the clinic room. It was soft but low; a powerful enough explosions somewhere overhead that a few poofs of dust fell from the ceiling. Damnit, Todd thought again, wishing for the millionth time that their daughter had just been a normal baby.

Sarah screamed next to him, the enormous bulge in her stomach twisting unnaturally as tiny fists and feet tried to escape. Violet, their powered healer and trained physician, was sweating profusely as she tried to absorb as much pain as she could without passing out. The Dreklin Administration has assured them the best care, the best protection. We’ll see if that panned out.

He wondered if Violet had been the one to leak the news of the first contraction. Probably not, judging by how worried she had looked after the start of the attack, but maybe she was just a good actor. Maybe this bunch of power-cult enthusiasts weren’t actually all that loyal.

The Dreklin weren’t the first church or government or coup d’etat that had tried or succeeded in abducting his wife and daughter. For the most part his family had been treated well since the news of her extremely extended pregnancy. The Dreklin, like most over the years, were happy to let him stay with his wife and keep her as comfortable as possible. His wife actually had some minor powers of her own, as was common in a powered pregnancy, telekinesis in this case. Todd didn’t. He had spent… 15 years now, he supposed… as a servant to what would be the most powerful baby on Earth. A fetus worth fighting over, it seemed. Todd gripped his arm a little too hard, trying to ignore the stress of his wife’s condition. They didn’t need any food, any medicine, any more wet towels. All he could do was listen to the screams.

The powered guards that were usually stationed in the tunnel outside had been called to duty; it was only them and Violet now. It was the most alone they had been in, well, decades. Their Dreklin relations officer, Captain so-and-so, was suddenly back, hurriedly typing the code into the locked clinic door. Todd noticed a sliver of blood trickling from his forehead as the soldier rushed through the door.

“How is she?” he said, to Todd since the others were preoccupied. Todd had to shout over the noise of his wife’s labor.

“She’s doing well, as best as we could hope. Vi... Dr. Shraden said that it looked promising and mostly normal before she began to transfer pain. It looks like she’s head first, no breech or any other complications so far.” Todd has once been a grocery store cashier but he had spent years studying medical textbooks in preparation for this moment. He was academically qualified, if not literally experienced, enough to deliver this baby himself if the need arose.

“Good, good,” said the Dreklin Captain. He immediately looked relieved, as if the baby was the only concern. Todd began to form a question about the attack before he remembered that the Captain was… a telepath. He merely thought it.

Nothing. He was distracted, maybe. The man noticed Todd looking at him and realization dawned on him.  “Ah, the attack! Here, let’s go outside where I can explain without shouting myself hoarse.” Todd was nervous to leave the compound, but the captain assured him, “just for a second.”

The captain punched in the code, walked through the hermetically sealed blastdoor, and checked both directions of the tunnel. Todd exited too, following the soldier a few feet so that they’d be away from the door window and away from the screams that somehow still pierced all of that plexiglass and titanium. He turned just as the knife entered his abdomen.

Dark blood from his mouth dripped onto the wrist and knife that the captain held. There was a number written on the wrist… the door code. Totally bewildered, he looked up at the captain and saw a different, new face. A doppleganger. The new man wearing the captain’s clothes gripped Todd’s neck, choking him with an inhumanly strong grip, as the knife twisted in his gut. His bright orange eyes didn’t blink as Todd spluttered a little more blood into the stale tunnel air.

“Sorry pal, but that baby only needs one daddy to raise her…."