*Final Stage of Cryo-Decomission*

Had it been four years already? The cryopod sounded rough; loud and shaky like an old car on its final drive.

*Muscle regeneration complete*

I had to give the pod door a good kick to jar it loose. Dust sprinkled over me in a haze, illuminated by a horizontal beam of orange light coming through the window. 

I sat up, coughing, and blinking away the dust, hoping to see other people. To my perpetual horror, I was still alone. For years, and they still haven't come. 

The small facility, designed to retain power for over five hundred years, was dark, and cold. It seemed as if something had gone wrong during the four years I was under. Perhaps a worse than anticipated dust storm. In such an event, all power would be diverted to my pod for as long as possible until there was only enough left for decommission.

What's the point? There was hardly any oxygen, or rations. I'd merely awoken in time to suffocate to death. I guess that's what I signed up for. We all did. 

I walked to the door and without hesitating, opened the control box, and pulled the manual lever, allowing me to push the door open. I did the same thing with the outside door. I figured I would die as the only person to ever walk out onto the hostile Martian terrain. My body would be preserved in its sterile atmosphere until it was either discovered by a future team, or buried by rust-colored sand. 

But when the door opened, a cool breeze, rich with oxygen, hit my face. I walked further, and noticed a remarkable sky; red, orange, green, and blue. Faint clouds rolled high in the atmosphere. On the horizon, a dark cloud poured heavy rain over a mountain.

I turned to look the other way and saw fields of luscious grass, fifteen, twenty feet high in places. Trees as tall as sky scrapers reached toward space.

"Incredible" I heard my self say.

To the right of the green fields I saw a canyon, and without thinking, I walked toward it. It took an hour to finally reach it and when I did, I saw a massive sea, flourishing with plant life. All of my misery had been replaced by a wondrous sense of joy. 

"How did this happen?" I asked outloud.

I had no thoughts about myself, or humanity. Instead, I felt connected to life itself. It was as if the universe was truly alive. It felt bigger than before. More complete. I felt like an extension of that rather than as an individual. For a while, I forgot that I ever existed.

That was three hundred years ago.

In that time, people from earth eventually built colonies in mineral rich areas, digging deep into the Martian dirt to extract them. In the process, they disturbed the planet's fragile core, which disrupted the atmosphere. Clouds turned to ice, fields of beautiful plant life shriveled and died, and the humans slowly died off. Just as they did on Earth.

But I had learned to live off the planet, and my body adjusted to the changing conditions. It is in my DNA. The core has started to spin again, and the atmosphere is gaining strength.

I'm the last human alive. 