“........... A musket.” I muttered slightly annoyed

“You’ve been given a great power.” Said this odd somewhat feeble old man of a god. 

He said it as if he was parting wisdom but I’m still filled with hollow hope and trembling with dread. I believed in maybe *a god* and pretended to know a few others out of respect or avoiding awkward confrontations, but this guy? With a name like Tempus you’d think I’d get something more powerful or at least cool looking. Now I just get to die with an antique given to me by, well...... an antique of a man. No magic, no added strength, not even speed to runaway, just a musket. I had fired a musket before, sure, but it was just to fend off wolves on my uncles farm a few times. Mother hated violence and was livid when she found out, so my few months of practice ended years ago with a harsh grounding.

“And when is this tournament?” I asked with great grief .

With an almost smug grin he immediately replied, “4 hours, 16 minutes, and 33 seconds.” As if it was common knowledge.

“Can I at least practice?” 

He handed me a bag full of gunpowder and another with bullets. “Of course! Be wary though, as you only have 4 hours, 15 minutes, and 17 seconds left to do so.”

My eyes almost rolled so far back into my head I thought I was about to read my own mind.

“Practice hard, Champion. You may only get one shot.” He added as I swung the musket over my shoulder to go practice.

It wasn’t hard to brush up my skills but I eventually had to take care with my shots, as I started to run out of ammunition. Blasting apples out of trees seemed harmless and a hard enough target. The old man appeared before me right after I spent the last blast on some low hanging fruit.

“It’s time!” He shouted holding a finger in the air.

“Watch it! I don’t want to get in trouble for shooting a god in the face! A second sooner and I might’ve made my shot! Plus, plus, my apple did I hit the-.”

“Of course, Champion! See for yourself!” He gleefully waved his hand to show what was an obliterated apple barely hanging by it’s stem.

I caught my breath, now slightly embarrassed I replied, “Oh, hey sorry abo-“

He interrupted me again. “ No time, no time, here is your ammunition and we’re off to the challenge!”

Before I could even get another word in he snapped and I was all of a sudden behind a barred gate on the edge of a massive coliseum. Thunderous roars of people and otherworldly beings in the stands almost made it impossible to gather my thoughts and calm down. The heat of the sun cast intense shadows and kicked up hot sand. I tried my best to stare across the way. Sizing up just the few contenders I could see from where I stood I knew I was screwed. There was a man with a fiery rage in his eyes, or maybe it actually was fire, wearing nothing but his rage and a loincloth. Another cage had some monstrous four legged being with tentacles for a face. I couldn’t decide if it’d be more painful to be hit by it or be turned into whatever that thing was. To my shock, his neighbor appeared to be dead in the next gate over. What I assumed used to be a giant was now more of a contorted flesh made rag you’d use to mop up blood. I take it his god didn’t take these small spaces cells into account so at least I didn’t have to worry about that.

With thunder and a lightning strike made of every shade of color I’ve seen before hitting center arena, the gates lifted. I panicked and hid in the shadow of my cell. I was so preoccupied with my situation I hadn’t even loaded the musket. I open my bags and- WHAT, one bullet!? This has to be a mistake, this has to be a mistake! Whatever, I loaded it and was pretty prepared to use it on myself but hey, let’s at least watch this fight first. Shrieks of pain, rain of blood splatters, metal clanging, roars of elements shooting across sides of the arena. I didn’t stand a chance, bodies were almost in huge piles now and I wasn’t eager to be added to the list. 

“How many gods are there?” I muttered to myself.

With just a few minutes there was almost silence again. I suddenly heard the roar of the man with fire in his eyes as he hurled flames in all directions. There were a few other champions still alive but surely about to die from intense burns. The tentacled....... dog..... thing, well it didn’t seem phased at all as it leaped to the chest of the fiery man. Things were getting reckless and I was afraid of getting hit with a loose fireball. I’d like to at least not die at the starting line. I crawled my way under a pile of bodies and beings near the center of the arena. I figured this would be the last place anyone would look. As I peered out from the limbs I could see the fight taking place again. The tentacle dog had a good grip on the fiery man’s throat now, he was finally losing blood. Then a nasty rip sound cut through the air, the fiery man had used what must’ve been pure adrenaline and rage to rip the tentacle dog in half. His eyes blared with flames as he walked my way with slow stomps of bloodlust. It was as if he was staring right at me. I twisted and fumbled around for my musket readying the weapon to fire when- THUMP. I flinched with my eyes closed sure that he had found me in the pile. Another THUMP and a tentacles came down from the top of the pile hanging into my face. I wanted to scream but the air had left my lungs. The stomps slowly distances theirselves in sound. I looked through the limbs again to catch a glimpse of death before it took me and I saw the fiery man with a fist in the air looking at the crowds in the stands. They stood patiently quiet, almost horrified, yet no cheer. This obviously drove the fiery man wild as he started to scream and roar at them like in animal pumping his blood soaked fist in the air for validation. This is it, he hasn’t won yet, this is obviously a battle to the death and one contender remains, me. I caught my breath and steadied my barrel. The hot sand was blowing into my eyes so I adjusted the limbs for coverage in my hiding hole of gore. I waited to get a glimpse in the small sandstorm of his rage. I need something to aim for, yet he moved about yelling at his audience in fury. Then his gaze shot over me at the judging beings in the stands behind me and that’s when I saw it, my shot. His eyes flaming a yellowish orange like ripening apples, I caught my breath and let loose my best aimed shot ever. 

*BANG*

I looked for my target and it was gone, his head, gone. Silence lasted as the fiery man’s body fell to its knees until finally going limp to the ground. Cheer bursted from every angle and shook the ground I laid on. I arose from the pile of death and raised my musket with pride now. Clapping soon followed the cheer as I assume they were impressed just as I was at me being alive. Then I was suddenly standing before the old man by the apple tree looking like a gloating fool, but I didn’t care, I felt more alive then ever.

“Well done champion!” His voice rang with pride and I was not as annoyed to hear him this time.

“Did I do it? Am I a god now!?” I blurted barely containing myself.

“Of course! Why do you think they were cheering?” He asked in that smug way old men speak.

“I just, I just didn’t think I’d make it. I mean all I had is this musket. How did, how did you know?” I asked in a prying manner.

“I didn’t, that’s all I could conjure. I’m pretty preoccupied with a the times and I knew you had fired a musket before. Plus you’re a decent man compared to the bandits and warriors who were on that battlefield.” He ended his sentence with a warming smile.

I didn’t know what to say, “Thanks?”

He patted me on the back,” No boy, thank you. You e made me proud and assured no monster would take place in our pantheon. Plus, I get to show them all that old man time is nothing to be laughed at.”

I was surprised at his reply and still slightly confused. I pressed further, “Wait, you have the power of time and you gave me a musket and one bullet? Wha- how- are you crazy or just plain mean?”

He smirked, “Dear boy, don’t you know Tempus stands for time? You have the powers of time yourself, I just need you to use it right. I couldn’t give you a bunch of bullets to go willy nilly shooting in everything that moved. I needed you to be sure, so that you’d use your power of time.”

Still confused I asked, “What power of time do I have?”

He smiled at me, reminded me of grandfather in this light, put his hand on my shoulder and said, “Timing boy, good timing”



