"...can"t seem to find my pearl necklace anywhere, Julia!" 

My interest piqued, I glanced over my shoulder, and happened to see a recent victim walking out of the café whose patio I just happened to be relaxing on. I turned back to my phone, hoping the two women would continue past me, but they were too busy talking to each other to notice me as they took the table a few rows past where I was sitting.

The other woman, Julia, emitted a heavy groan as she sat heavily in the chair, looked like she had a hangover. Probably, as I had drugged her drink the night before when she had been out. Her eighth drink, to be precise. I probably hadn't needed to, considering she had been spinning at her fourth, but in all things, caution. In life, in work,and in relaxation.

"I don't know Mary, you probably lost it at that party where Matt had his grubby hands on you for half the night."

"Hmmm, Matt might be slimy, but a thief? I think he deserves a little more credit than that, Julie."

An interruption by a quiet voice broke off the conversation as a waitress arrived to take the women's order.

I opened my eyes and was getting ready to leave when the conversation started up again, and I hated to leave a good conversation about myself. After all, the best thieves are ones that you don't even know robbed you.

"...find it eventually, probably in one of your thousand jewelry cases."

Well, make that 998.

"Maybe it was my landlord, I've been complaining about the door and the floorboards squeakin all the time and now all of a sudden they don't squeak anymore. But he says he hasnt been in the room or done anything!"

"Huh, now that you mention it, Mary, my bedroom door didnt creak this morning, and the floor didnt have that sticky spot from where I dropped my waffles a week ago."

"Maybe Tommy cleaned it while you were drunk last night?"

"Tommy, clean anything? Yeah right, maybe some reject god of cleaning mopped my floor last night and oiled the door hinges, he also got you hinges and nabbed the necklace as a fee!"

Both women giggled at the thought as I gathered my stuff and took my receipt to the cashier. It was time to move towns, to change hunting grounds.

Todays meal was paid for with Mary's pearl necklace, among other things, and Julia's previous wedding ring, also among other things.

My name is James, thief extrodinaire and apperant disgruntled reject god of cleaning.

Authors Note: This is my first time doing this, so some constructive criticism would be appreciated by all my fellow writers out there!