It felt too strange, here I was 28 years old browsing reddit and this man knocks on my door and tells me that he must meet his quota for wishes or he'll get sent back to his own plane of existence. I start laughing uncontrollably at the prospect of something like this actually happening but he's well dressed and doesn't look like a face that's going to murder me so I invite him into my house and we drink some coffee; never taking my eye off the funny albeit worldly man and his proposition. He oddly enough sounds desperate so I take him up on the offer, "Take me back to before I married". He nodded his head and in an instant I was no longer sitting on my couch with this fellow but was standing in front of about 50 close friends and relatives, holding the hand of my soon-to-be wife. 

My heart was pounding, she was smiling at me, wide eyed in anticipation for the next few sentences to be spoken by the minister. I didn't think it would work, I could have wished for anything but I squandered the wish on undoing a choice that would lead me down a long, painful road of memories that bore into my soul every single day but here I was, I had the chance to undo it all! I couldn't contain my grin, standing there in my Class A uniform I let out an audible sigh and she looked at me, curiously at first but then as I was looking down I felt her hands clam up, felt her heart pulsing from her fingertips, the blood draining from her cherub face. The look of fright on her face was unforgettable as I screamed "NO"! I would be the bad guy but this choice is what I wanted.

I thought back to the time, sitting in my friends chair drinking rum and listening to some loud music while she was attempting to sleep, the night that I finally ended my relationship and ties with her for good, where we fought and I almost killed her accidentally by pushing her into a door and her nearly falling down the stairs only being caught by me at the last instant before she would've tumbled down 20 narrow concrete stairs. In that moment I was no longer the quiet 19 year old that everyone in attendance had known. For what had to have felt like a lifetime to the audience I screamed in her face, releasing all the pent up sorrow, hate, and regret of things that I had suffered through in my previous life, most of which she hadn't even done yet. "You cheated on me so many fucking times, how many chances did you expect to get?" brought about quite a few gasps among the spectators. "You want children? How the hell do you expect us to have a child when you throw a tantrum at every little thing that I do? Nothing is ever good enough for you, we never talk about anything and the only thing that brings me any relief in this sham of a marriage is when you lay on the bed like a starfish for a few minutes while I secretly angry fuck you until I'm exhausted." 

My rage worn out, I snap back into reality and notice that she's weeping, not knowing what brought this on, what she had done wrong in the last few days to warrant this unbridled fury from what was soon to be her husband. Seeing her like this, in so much pain that she's doubled over on the floor crying I shed a single tear and start to walk to my car, my best man following suit without a word. Her family rushing to her, spitting in my face as I walk down the aisle with a smug smile on my face but none of that mattered... I was free! Free to go where I wanted, free to see the sights of my own choosing without worry of whether she would approve or not. Free to do things that a normal 19 year old was free to do. Free to be me... who was I? What did my life entail now? What was there to do after this? I could go to school like I had always told myself that I would but the only university in the state with a reputable Comp Sci course was the one that she had went to. A million thoughts whirled as I drove back to my parent's house, back to my old room that had since been vacated that same week. My phone never stopped ringing, I had received a couple hundred messages from random numbers throughout the following month all of which, having the same general message "Come back to me" but then one day, there was nothing. No calls, no text messages, none of her family members knocking on my parents' door. It was bliss. I later that day met up with my first high school sweetheart who had attended the wedding as well per my request and spilled my guts to her about everything that had happened and will, even of her future boyfriend that would cheat on her repeatedly until he got bored and left. She thought I was a loon, had gone off the deep end and ceased communication with me after that completely.

 I felt a bit of sadness creep upon me during those next few weeks but remained stoic through it all but then I received a call from my ex's mother, Amber had slit her own wrists after taking a bunch of aspirin. She screamed at me, berated me, crying with every forced word, blaming me for everything wrong in her life. I felt a deep sense of remorse, knowing that my actions had caused this girl to take her own life. The mother had done nothing wrong to me but here I was, the target of her angst and for good reason. I had killed her daughter. I wept openly around the house for the next few days, barely eating, drinking heavily and watching old cartoons until I heard a knock on the door. I stumbled up and there was that same well dressed man that I had invited into my house with his promises of a single wish.