My first reaction was: Wow!
My second reaction was: Wait, isn't this space?
My third: Oh fuck, it's open world. And it's boring.

As someone who appreciates game design, especially when designed to look like space, I decided that No Man's Sky was really shitty. It was a really shitty game with no cool space graphics. 

"Wow, it really is No Man's Sky, because there's no one here," I mumbled into my mic, walking around.

I decided to play more, advancing to see if the game got more interesting. It didn't.

It was so unfortunate, after $60 and a few good critic reviews, I had ended up buying a bland game with bland design. It's been around 47 hours of gameplay later, because I really wanted this game to be good. Almost everyone has stopped playing at this point, but I haven't.

Even at this point, I've removed my mic headset because there's no one to talk to. Suddenly, I heard loud static in my earphones, overpowering my eardrums. I winced and took them off, only to hear:

"Can you hear me? My name is Charlie."

I decided to plug in my mic headset and talk to him. I mean , this was my first player encounter. 

"Hi, I'm Mark," I said warily.

"I work for the government. The NSA, to be exact."

I dropped my controller, backing away from my screen. How the hell did the government find me?

"We've been using this game as a survey. The bland landscape is intentional. It allows us to monitor people's perception to boring landscapes. You haven't had your headset on as much as we would like, so we don't have many exact brainwaves. But, your timer reads around 47.5 hours."

"What does this mean for me?" I asked.

"It means we're choosing you to go into space and lead the colonization of Mars," Charlie said. He then shouted off to his coworkers, "We've got one!"

I pulled out my phone, and looked at my messages. I had 15 missed calls from a blocked number. As I went to unlock my phone, the number rang me again. I picked up.

"Hello, this is Mark."

"Hi, Mr. Fischbach. My name is Gunnar, and we want you to start today."

To be continued maybe??????