"Player 2 has entered the game"

"What the hell?" Grant thought as he stopped in his tracks.  As he surveyed the room, he noticed a podium rising silently from the center of the room.

As he approached the podium, a voice coming from it informed him that he needed to pay $4.99 to unlock the player two starter package, all he needed to do is deposit his credit card in the slot on the side of the podium.  Grant dutifully inserted his credit card into the slot and waited.

Deep in the basement, a shriveled ball of flesh started shaking, "Yessssss" It whispers to itself.  Another $4.99 had been deposited into it's account.  "More money, so much more money."

As Grant waited for the transaction to finish, his mind turned to the task of figuring how he was going to get out of this weird place; the sooner he could get out the the sooner he can fence the goods, and get some bosh. The sooner he got some bosh, the sooner he could pay some bribes, the sooner he paid his bribes the sooner he could get back to stealing...  

As he had these thoughts, a subtle but insistent tone had started emanating from the podium. Grant glanced down at the podium, his transaction had been approved, but now he was presented with this big 'RELEASE OF LIABILITY FORM', he stared to read it.

'I HEREBY ASSUME ALL OF THE RISKS AND BURDENS OF PARTICIPATING IN THIS GAME, including but not limited to'... Who reads this shit Grant wondered as he scrolled to the end of the agreement and clicked 'I Agree'.

Now lets get busy Grant says to himself, as he heads to the staircase; suddenly the sound of a couple of explosions come from upstairs, and he realizes they sound like firecrackers.

He sits down and takes a long breath. This is all fairly confusing - especially since he suddenly realizes that his name isn't Grant at all, it's Mark.

Mark heads up the stairs, and slowly enters the first room he comes to; it looks to be somewhat of an office, or work area of some sort. A small desk was in the corner with what looked like a typewriter. There was also an old style rotary phone on the desk. The thing most out of place in the room was next to the one and only door for the room. It was a small panel, with four different colored buttons: red, blue, yellow, and green.

“Welcome Daniel,” came a booming voice from the room.

Mark took a panicked look around. “I…I just needed a quick buck, what the hell is this?” 

The lights went out,  but the room seemed to have a faint glow. Mark took a hesitant step towards the  small panel, but fell through the floor.

Cringing in throbbing pain, Mark began to survey the room he had fallen into looking for an exit.

Don't Panic. Think. he counseled himself.

Clearly this was some kind of setup. Now what? Get out. I know how to get into places, I can get out of places. I just have to keep my wits.

Mark got to his feet and shakily headed down the hallway, as he reached the junction, he could hear a flies buzzing and a wheezing growl behind him, he quickly rounded the corner and entered a door to the right.

The room was empty, with the exception of several footlockers; Mark ran to the largest and flung it open.  "THANK GOD! it's empty" Mark thought as he climbed inside and slowly lowered the lid.

Mark held his breath and listened for what seemed like eternity; just as he was starting to think all would be well, he heard a loud CLICK as a lock was placed on footlocker.

"Nooooooooo" Mark yelled, as he felt his prison being dragged across the floor and the sounds of flies getting stronger and louder.