It was instinct that drove Ashley to throw a second object at the bear, accompanied by a shriek. All she had had in hand was her phone, and it bounced harmlessly off the silken fur belly of the bear. 

"Don't be rude, Ash," the bear spoke in an impossibly deep voice. 

"Nononono. No. Nope!" She fled to the corridor, shaking her head furiously. She slammed the door shut, holding the knob closed for fear the thing might come bursting out after her. 

"Look, you're clearly upset and I get that. And right after that terrible breakup text. I mean, who breaks up over text?" the voice came eerily through the door.

Ash looked down the hallway, wishing her roommate was home. Hating that she was alone. 

"Fuck her for now! Why are you in my room?" she shouted through the door, still panicking.

"Botched exorcism," it explained. "The Order caught on to my little attempt at possession and cast me out. They just didn't know they failed to send me to hell. Been trapped in this scrap of fluff for some time now."

"Oh shit, no. Nonono. You can't possess me. I can't handle this freaky shit!"

"I can't even possess you if you're unwilling, you big baby," it practically hissed.  "That particular young man was just quite keen on dying and was willing to let me have what was being left behind. No sense letting it go to waste. I was so excited to have tastebuds again!"

At that, Ashley stilled. "Tastebuds?"

"Yeah," the bear continued through the door. "Hell is so bland, you know? I just want pizza. Or...or ice cream. Oh, or those little things with the...the..right! Brownies! Even a fresh pear. But nnooooo. The Order says I'm an 'unnatural blight on the world' or whatever."

Ashley paused, then slowly opened the door to peek down at the bear, who sat on the floor just beside the bed, meeting her gaze. 

"You just want pizza?" she asked, more curious than frightened now. 

"Oh no, I want everything. Salami. Steak. Cheese. CheeseCAKE. Creme brulee. Crackers and all those lovely dips. Lobster. Sal-"

"Okay, okay, I get it. But aren't you...the devil?" She asked.

"Well, yes. What, so I don't have needs? I have to be Mr. Growly Fire Breath because you morons have a book that says so?? Fuck, he didn't even write that book, you people did! You've mangled his original message so much he just gave up. Hell, he sent his son to try and explain things and y'all fucked that message up too. So he gave up, and now for some reason I'm the bad guy!"

The bear hadn't tried to attack her. It just sat calmly on the floor sounding oddly...human and relatable. She stayed in the doorway, but sank to the floor to sit with her back against the frame.

"So you didn't...make me gay like mom said?" she half-laughed.

The bear tossed its little arms up in frustration. "This is exactly what I mean. I get blamed for everything! No, I can't turn anyone gay. All I do is watch hell for when someone has learned their lesson, then pass them upstairs. Okay, and maybe possess people sometimes so I can enjoy the world a bit. But that's it!"

"So why are you still a bear?" Ashley raised a skeptical eyebrow.

"Because the Order exorcised me but accidentally trapped me in this bear instead of sending back to hell. Open your damn ears, we covered this."

"Fine. But I don't really know what to do with you and you kind of creep me out," she huffed.

"Find me a body if you want to get me gone. Also, super rude. How would you like it if I said your face was gross? Honestly, no consideration for feelings. Maybe that's why she dumped you."

Ashley snapped her gaze to the bear in anger. "Well she never shared her fucking feelings for me to consider. Now I get dumped through a text? Also low fucking blow."

The bear scoffed, turning away from her with a huff. "You started it," he hissed. "Look, can you just help me find a body? I mean, now that you know everything don't you feel kind of sorry for me?"

She considered this for a moment, wondering if it were a terrible idea. Help the devil possess someone? "...you don't take a body if that person doesn't want you to?"

"Nope. Can't. Wouldn't honestly, but can't anyhow."

"Well. Fine. But no funny business."

"I'll be an angel," the bear grinned.