And yet again... I heard the footsteps coming up the stairs to the temple, and a manly voice yelling. "Show yourself! Your time has come, it's time for you to die!"
Sitting at my throne with my lizard-like dogs (dizards? lizogs? I've yet to name them, looks like komodo dragons but bigger, more agile. Smarter.) and petting the head of one of them. The forked tongue went out, tasting the air of another silly human coming to fight me.

I'm the goddess of pestilence and health. My empire is an island, hidden away in a deep crater in the desert. The crater is miles wide, and at the bottom there is a rainforest, a huge lake and my island with my pyramids and my temple. To be able to descend the slick walls of the crater is a feat, and battle the magical waves of the lake. I myself had to split one of those giant trees and build myself a ship to get there and defeat the previous owner of the island. But that's a story for another time.

The human came panting up the last steps and stood before me. My pets hissed at the intruder but a command from me made them stand down.
We locked eyes, and I saw the belief in the mans eyes. He was so sure he could kill me, so sure he was a "chosen" one. I couldn't resist rolling my eyes and sigh.
"Ungh. Another one? Who sent you?" I showed him a fanged smile and turned the attention to my long sharp nails and forearm. Along the arm two giant fangs sat, shining in the light. The fangs of a snake titan I killed. A very formidable weapon, especially if I licked the tips of the fangs. That turned them venomous. I had another set on my other arm.

"Lazarius sent me! He is a true god, and you are not!" The man yelled at the top of his lungs, like I was deaf or something. He pulled out a sword, pretty shiny and pointed it towards me.
I laughed, and my lizards laughed, a raspy, hissing laughter and they bared their pointy teeth. They ate the last chosen one who tried to fight me, and they lusted for blood. Wish I didn't feed them humans in the first place, as they tend to hunt my own followers in the rainforest when they get bored. Oh well.
"Oh did he now...? So what are you gonna do, stab me?" I flashed a smile at him and locked my eyes on his. He froze as the spell activated. Slowly I climbed out of my throne and walked towards him, hips swaying. My scaled skin glistening in the light, the golden dragon tattoos on my ribs slowly turning their heads to look at the poor man.

He was sweating profusely, trying to move but my spell locked him in place. I studied the sword of his, looked like any other sword. Nothing special.
I turned my gaze back to him and now he looked scared.
"Lazarius didn't tell you about my powers, did he? Oh well, you will be dead soon. Tell him hi when you see him in the Underworld again."
I snapped my fingers and my lizards threw themselves at the man, ending his life quickly. He didn't even have time to yell. Turning my back, I heard more steps.

"THERE SHE IS! Get her! You, take that side! The others, go around there!" Trying to count the voices, I had to stop at fifteen because then the automatic fire started. I hate guns. Loud, stings and the bastards can duck behind cover and still attack me. Apparently the first man had run ahead to show his bravery to my enemy, the god of shadows. He loved to send his little followers to annoy me.

The bullets hit the stones around my feet and I hissed as some of them hit my skin. Not strong enough to hurt me but to annoy me.
My patience running thin, and realizing they were too many to take out singlehandedly I started uttering a long spell and letting my voice rise above the gunshots. I could feel it build up inside, and I let it out. From my mouth a million insects poured. They skittled and flew and surrounded the entire temple, the buzzing like music to my ears. Then the screaming started, and they people ran around, waving their hands above their heads, clawing at their necks, eyes, ears. Soon pustules plopped out on their faces, fingers turning black and rotting. Eyes rotting in the sockets. Ears bleeding.
One by one, they died horribly.

The buzzing died out, and some whimping from the last stragglers were heard. My lizards made short work of them as I walked down the stairs to the harbor and my ship. It was time to end this once and for all. The world needs a new plague.