"Max falls unconscious after the shot. How do you all react?"

Georges looks up, determined. "I slide out of my chair and attempt to crawl down the corridor."

"Roll for agility?" "17." "You manage to crawl away from the room and find a stranger peeking down the hall. He seems happily surprised to see you, and offers to carry you." "Let him."

"Alright. Meanwhile! Antoine, Philippe, August, what are you all going to do?"

August studies the map of the room. "I'll try to escape through the window." "Agility?"

The die clatters to a halt. Philippe sighs while Antoine puts his head down, disappointed and astonished. "Nat 1."

"You stumble out of the window, taking... 18 damage when you come crashing down. Not only that, but you also crush an old man who was out on a walk, crippling him." August curses abjectly.

Philippe looks down at his character sheet, a forlorn look in his eyes. "We don't stand a chance, do we?" "Honestly, things don't look very good. Even if you escape the room, there are policemen surrounding the place."

Philippe gets up. "Alright, I shoot myself, now I'm going to order pizza so we can finally eat." Antoine protests, visibly annoyed, but Philippe has already left the room.

"Well, that's that. Philippe is dead. Antoine, what do you do?" "Attempt to heal Max. ...12?" "Max's health doesn't appear to improve, but it doesn't get worse, either. He's still unconscious." "Well, I tried."

"Georges, you're being carried away from the policemen, but they're catching up. And..." The DM rolls a few dice. "The man carrying you has been shot and falls to the ground. Do you do anything?" "...I suppose there's nothing to do at this point." "The police capture you and drag you to prison."

"August, you're incapable of moving after your fall. The police capture you, as well. Antoine?" "I'll go quietly. Might as well..." "In that case, you are all imprisoned and informed that you will be executed tomorrow."

Max walks back into the room, newly\-fetched water in hand. "And just a few sessions ago, it looked like we would be able to establish a perfect republic. What happened?" "Letting Camille and the other Georges die probably didn't help us," August quipped \("They deserved it," Antoine grumbled darkly\). "In any case, there's not much else to do with this campaign. Perhaps it'd be best to start a new one next time. Any ideas?"

Max rested his chin on his hand, thoughtfully. "I was thinking, what about a soldier named Toussaint..."