**Selim**

The headmaster was particularly fond of culture awareness and therefore had dragged his greased-handed students to the Louvres Museum, possessed by an unwavering enthusiasm rivaled only by the teenagers mild interest in decrepit statues and paintings titties.

Most of them were setting foot in a museum for the first time in their life and were the noisiest, trying to disguise their nervosity into salacious brashness. The boldest boy was Selim, the leader of the pack, the most illiterate of them all, utterly incapable of writing his own name but remarkably venomous with his tongue and brutal with his fists, which made him royalty among the Lost Boys that the education system had more or less forgotten and trashed away.

The irony of this trip and of Selim’s colour-blindness wasn’t lost on him; he criticized vehemently every piece of art the guide tried to highlight, commenting, in fact, exactly what he was seeing:

“You maybe don’t know “*where the Artist found his inspiration for the intricate beauty of his model’s fur collar*”, but it is *obvious* that this old pig was fucking his neighbor’s wife and had an unobstructed view on her pus…”

“Selim, silence now!” Barked the educational supervisor as the group burst in laughters. “I don’t want to hear another word from you!!”

Selim smirked and glanced back at the painting with an ostensible disgust. He had been diagnosed with pretty much every “invisible disorders”, those you could fake, those that would label you “lazy”, “unwilling”, “muddle headed”: He was colour-blind, dyslexic, dysothrographic, dyscalculic, disorganized, hyperactive and so on, and on,  and on… He could read but he couldn’t write, so he talked, loud, he talked in capital letters, he talked in frustration, he talked and, fortunately, was really handy around machinery therefore, at fifteen, he attended a program to learn a trade in truck mechanic.

His group finally reached the masterpiece they were all vaguely aware of: Mona “No Brows” Lisa. Selim elbowed his way to the front line and stared at the painting, squashed  by tourist lef and right.

It was different. Different from everything he had seen so far in his life. For instance, the painting knew his name.

Foreign languages were alien to Selim; he had always understood every types of words, codes, cyphers put before him. It was all the same for him, as if Humanity, -and on some occasions alien lives-, had band together to create a universal dialect or, as Selim suspected it sometimes, as if his ancestors were away buying cigarettes when God cursed Babel. 

“Dear Selim”, the message within the enigmatic smile said, “ I am glad you find your way to me. I knew all my life that someone will be born where I’ll die, someone like me, with eyes like mine, and a mind like mine. At your age, the world is still a scary and bewildered place. What is it that you dream of? What is it that your heart desire most? Is it, perhaps, to be like everyone else? It has crossed my mind many times. I could see, as you could, more than “meets the eye” for what meets the eye is a guest you receive in your house but we, you and me, are travellers. Our eyes don’t stay still, they *go to meet the world*, beyond flesh and nerves. It is astounding. It is unsettling. It is, maybe, too acute to bear. I saw you but I do not know your heart; it would have been rude of me to peek over your inner thoughts, but I nonetheless wish to give you something.

What follows, as you can see, are the blueprints of a machine. It is for your eyes only. They can stay that way or you can build it.

The machine can reverse the power within your eyes. Whether you choose to use it or not is entirely up to you.

Good luck in your journey, Selim,

With all my love,

Leonardo Da Vinci.”