"Wayne, quick"

Were the words he received before a huge sum of money was flashed before his eyes, Wick was a man that had had money on his hands before, but never so much, his benefactor whoever he was needed this done without fail.

It was a 5 minute job, getting thought the security and the ex Cia Butler was a breeze, but the moment he cocked his gun, everything went downhill.

"I will advice you to just go home, I'll give you 10% of the job and enough of you to keep on living mister Wick"

Chilling words coming from a man known for drinking his weight in expensive beverages at least twice per week.

"Just hand over yourself Mr. Wayne, I don't fail jobs and you've never had one"

Suddenly the lights went out, John relocated himself behind a flipped table and tried to look for his prey, he shot the wall were he had last heard the billionaire, but the muzzle flash showed him true terror, Wayne was already coming by the side without losing his breath and without making a sound, the cops weren't on the move, so he sensed for the first time in his life that he entered to hunt but ended being hunted. They wrestled on the floor for a moment, he had the upper hand, he had Wayne on the ground and as he took a knee to properly take his shot, his left leg went under him due to a swift kick he didn't see coming. His movements were swift and precise, John felt himself in between fear and enjoyment, there was something odd about all this ordeal

"You're not lucky enough to have the bat here Mr. Wayne"

"You're lucky the bat is not here to break you" he retorted as he lunched himself by the side, getting hold of his neck and shoulder, seizing him finally and putting to sleep.

Once Wick regained consciousness he saw the rooftops of Gotham, the breeze reeked of the filth of the city, not the trash but the viciousness of the lowlifes.

"WHO AND WHY?", the bat yelled at him, as a slight grin came upon his face he felt a heavy kick push him back, rushing the air out of his lungs and letting him enjoy the view.

"Why the bat and not the police?" Wick asked in a half mocking tone.
"Answers now, who and why Wick?"
"Tell Mr. Wayne that I want the 1% deal"
"It's too late for that, who and why?"

After a moment of unease, he decided he was worth more than whatever the Bat was up to: "Don't know, more money that I could make up, no names no questions, just money and an "easy" job. 

You'll find the rat in the Hellhole club south NY, that's all there is"

"Worse men have done better attempts Wick, I don't want to see your disgusting face around my town again"

"He's all yours Bullock", were the last words from the bat, an easy job gone wrong paid John a better deal than money, he felt excited for the first time in a while, he might have to do a second stop soon after this.