"My lordship, I bring grave news." Sean, the messenger from my largest township, Township Dunhurst, called out from the doorway where my guards had halted him. 

My head guard looked at me to give my permission for Sean to be allowed to approach my throne. I nod, hoping it wasn't something like a fire or another problem with their levies.

"Thank you sire, apologizes for bothering you with ill news on this day—"

"What is it Sean?" 

"There's a warlock that has been apprehended by my men, he is dressed strangely and when he speaks —it is in tones difficult to understand— he also moves his arms with his words like he were trying to cast incantations."

I mentally translated 'dressed strangely' and 'difficult to understand' to what was far more likely than a warlock, "This man could simply be a lost foreigner—maybe your men have captured a well meaning merchant from another land. I still haven't forgotten when Township Water Vale 'captured' the ambassador from France."

"Indeed sire, and according to your edict, we haven't harmed this man in any way and I have come here to ask if I am either to send him to you, or if you with to journey to Dunhurst?"

I mentally weighed my options, Dunhurst was my closest Township... and I had meant to check on the local leadership. "I suppose I shall just travel back with you and my guard, and see this man for myself."

———————————————

After an hour on horseback, the traveling party had reached the center of Dunhurst, I was lead to the dungeon where the mysterious man was being held.

The man was bedraggled looking, obviously frightened. It was obvious from his eyes and face that the man had been weeping openly. He was dressed rather strangely, but... how could they honestly think this poor man a warlock?

I silently hand the man my handkerchief, which he cautiously accepted. He cleaned at his eyes and face, before regarding me with a watery smile. He said something that sounded like a slurred 'thank you', accompanied with a simple hand gesture of his right hand starting at his lips and gestured toward me.

Something about the gesture rang clear to me... the man was definitely thanking me. 

"This man is no warlock, he simply was trying to communicate with his hands." I declared to the curious onlookers, "he thanked me just now for my gift of a handkerchief." I shook my head, "I shall take him back with me—and attempt to convey my apologies to this man, lest he be another maligned ambassador."

I told my guards to stand outside, and to leave me alone with the man for a few minutes. I didn't want anyone to mistake this man's hand gestures for anything other than what they were, and it was best he wasn't crowded.

I crouched into the man's eye line, and asked him slowly and deliberately, "What is your name?"

The man pointed at himself, and seemed to say that he was named Mark, and that he could not hear.

I raised an eyebrow, seeing now what was now before me. My great Uncle had lost his hearing only recently, Mark was simply deaf... is this it truly all it takes to be mistaken for witch craft?

"I am sorry for how you have been treated, I am planning to take you with me— you will be safe with me... do you understand?"

Mark smiled and nodded, seeming very much relieved. His eyes started to brim with tears again, and my heart was filled with sympathy for this poor lost man.

I helped him up from where he was sat on the dungeon's low set bench and led him outside.

To my guards I said, "Let us go back to the castle, Mark—" I placed my hand on his shoulder, "Is not a warlock, he is simply deaf." 

I turned back to face Mark, "Do you know how to ride a horse?"

Mark shook his right hand in a gesture that managed to communicate 'sort of, not really.' and he shrugged self consciously at the stares his deaf-language garnered him.

"Then you shall ride with me." 

Mark cautiously thanked me again, and I think my guards finally saw his hand gestures for what they were, simply another means to communicate.

I had my head guard help Mark onto my horse after I had mounted. Mark sat just behind my saddle, and I schooled his arms to clasp around my waist. 

This was certain to be an adventure. A land that had invented a language for the deaf was certain to be a valuable one. Maybe with some time I could learn where Mark was from.

—end?