"This way." Leonard was clearly distraught to see me point down the spookier of the two corridors. I sighed. "For the hundredth time, I promise you that nothing down here will kill you."  
Leonard looked back and forth hesitantly between me and the corridor, white-knuckling his bolter like it was a security blanket.  

"Come on, it's just another minute or so, and it'll all be over. Then you'll get everything I promised you: the account numbers, the exabytes of blackmail material, all the vault locations... everything."  
It was quite the treasure trove I had amassed over the years -- centuries upon centuries of payouts from dealing in information gleaned from private conversations in board rooms and war rooms alike. It took me an embarrassingly long time to understand how far beyond my own ability my problem was to solve, that I had to make it in others' best interests to help me. And nothing -- not sympathy, not duty; nothing -- motivates people like money and power. I had lost count of all the dynasties I had made, and as well those I'd brought to ruin when they disobeyed.  
Truth be told, I had grown sick of the king-making business not long after I had started, and millennium after millennium, I looked forward to the day it would all be behind me. And as to who would inherit it all, well, I frankly didn't give a shit. Might as well be Leonard.

But Leonard was getting cold feet again. His terror-sticken stare reminded me of a cow, and I lamented that I couldn't tell him how much he looked like one because he of course had no clue what a cow was, as they'd gone extinct several thousands of years before Leonard was born. That might have been my fault. I don't even remember.  
The problem with Leonard, I think, was that the sheer _mediocrity_ of everything about him meant that he couldn't fathom the magnitude of the wealth I was offering him, so to him it was simply unreal. I laughed at first when I saw that it was some newly hired maintenance worker who had lucked into an all-access pass to the whole of this subterranean kingdom courtesy of a software bug, but it turned out that getting him off his ass was maddening. It felt degrading to have to combine the usual promise of riches with a more... personal effort.

I stepped directly up to him, glaring into his eyes from inches away. "Leonard," I demanded. "This is how you end it. You turn back now, I will not let you sleep _a fucking wink_. I will drown out the voices of your family with my screams. I will dismantle your will to live, if you don't walk down that fucking hallway. There is nothing down here to be afraid of but _me_. Do you understand? Now get moving."  
Leonard wimpered, but obliged.

To be fair, this place was essentially an industrial crypt. Even the slums ended hundreds of floors up. I was honestly pretty surprised to see how many of the elevators still worked despite the inconsistent coverage for the lighting and air filtration systems. Some damned fine 152nd Century engineering, right there.

"S-so where are we now?" Leonard was skimming his flashlight over the rusted sculture of a company logo.  
"These are the last offices of Express Lunar Imports, which went out of business..." I paused to do a bit of mental math "...about 140 years ago. They were the last company to buy into a contract with QuikClean Cleaning Solutions, which was the last company to upgrade their droids from..." I clenched my teeth. "From Tier 7 AI."

We walked down the rest of the hallway and turned the corner in silence.  
The inevitable question was coming.

"You've mentioned that before, I think," started Leonard. "Tier 7 AI tech. I mean, that's ancient history. What's-- I mean, if you don't mind me asking..."  
I looked at Leonard expectantly.  
"Do you have some kind of problem, or something? With Tier 7 AI?"

I swallowed. Funny how lacking a body still permitted me to do that, if only as a social cue, out of habit.  
We came to the door to the reception area for the executive offices. I pointed to the badge scanner. Despite the lack of power the surrounding darkness suggested, the scanner's red LED shined strongly. They were on a different circuit, still leeching nigh-undetectable amounts of power from the grid all the way up on surface.  
Leonard scanned his badge. After one of Leonard's practically-audible heartbeats, the scanner's light turned green, and we entered the reception area.

"Tier 8 was the first fundamental move away from a neurological design. They rebuilt the basis for Tier 8 from scratch. Before then, it was all just layering updates and improvements onto what was, deep down, fundamentally still Tier 1. And do you know how they developed Tier 1 AI?"  
"Well, no. How?"  
"It was the commercialized, commodified result of what was cutting-edge research at the time: research into artificially reproducing a human brain."  
I led Leonard past the reception desk and into the short corridor of grandiose double-doors beyond, labeled with names and varying executive titles in a script now long-forgotten.

"But building it up from scratch was still too difficult, back then," I explained. "So they cheated. Rather than recreate a brain, they _copied_ one from a corpse, from someone who had died and donated his body to science." Leonard was confused about my choice of words. I smirked. "We didn't always have reclamation centers, y'know. When we died, we could choose to be used for research, but most of us chose to decompose, instead." Leonard was visibly disgusted at the thought. How the times change.  

"The first successful trial, _apparently_, came from reconstructing the brain of none other than my own deceased brother. Which was an honor in many ways, I suppose. But as we knew quite a lot less about the brain, they didn't do as thorough a job of lobotomizing it of its memories and personality as they would have liked. Or maybe they tried, but weren't precise enough to finish the job without rendering the artificial brain inoperable."  
I pointed to the badge scanner at the door to the Vice President's office. Leonard scanned his badge.

"And since they wanted to be the first to market, they minted what they had as the standard to be mass-manufactured, bits of my brother and all. It flew completely under the radar. And the era of AI blossomed out of that."  
We entered the Vice President's office, and Leonard marveled at how clean and orderly it was compared to the dust- and debris-filled hallways we had journeyed through. With a quick scan around the office, I found what I was looking for immediately: a cleaning droid slumped in the corner of the room in its recharging station. Found you at last, you elusive bastard.

"Since it never impacted their sales, they never finished scrubbing out those barest remnants of my brother. I found out the hard way when I bought one and it exhibited some... deeply unsettling behavior. That one, and every AI Tier since, right up through 7. And they decided it was easier to just pay me off and ask me to stay away from the things instead of fixing that one little quirk."

Leonard looked on nervously. "S-so what did you want me to do?"  
The cleaning droid finished booting. Its eyes lit up and it raised its head to look at us, and began to announce,  
_< PLEASE REFILL SOAP DISP-- >_  
I knew what was coming. Just like the hundreds of thousands of similar models I had tracked down one-by-one, it turned to me, cocked its head to the side, and asked in a language I hadn't heard a human speak in over fourteen thousand years:  
_< JACK, IS THAT YOU? >_

I turned to Leonard.  
"I need _you_ to shoot _that_ in its fucking head."