Caylis rubbed her bloodshot eyes blearily, as she looked around and took in the two-story high shelves patiently aligned like dominos all around her. She took a deep breath, inhaling the dust from stacks of musty parchment and forgotten books and sighed. She pushed herself away from the mahogany table where she had been perusing a tome that described how signals propagated across synapses, her feet dangling, and hopped the inches she lacked from the well worn, leather armchair to the ground. 

Walking was the most that Caylis did, as she sat and read the vast majority of her life. Raven-haired and pale skinned with no muscles to speak of, she looked every part the bookworm. Stretching her skinny arms above her head, she walked around the table towards the center aisle with a steady, but short gait. Her footfalls stopped as her large almond shaped eyes rested on a large brown volume about the mechanical neural topology sitting a few feet above her. She had learned how to program in half a dozen languages before her 1st month in existence and could now translate various kinds of assembly language more accurately and efficiently than modern experts if she had the desire to. A crease appeared in her forehead as she contemplated whether it was worth the effort to fetch one of the rusty, metal staircases that allowed her to learn from documents that lay beyond what her short arms could reach.

The crease in her brow faded as her mouth set in a straight and determined line. Caylis reached up to grip the edge of one of the exposed ledges that the books sat heavily on and pulled herself up, wedging her toes against a light green set of texts about electrical circuits and emotional responses. A few moments later, she was back on the floor, breathing heavily, but smiling ever so slightly with the large volume clutched tightly against her chest.

Stepping quickly back to her self-assigned chair and table, she pushed aside the open books to make room for her new one, their pages flapping slightly with the speed of their exile. As she flipped open the heavy hardcover, she heard the alcoved grandfather clocks chime in unison. *Shit*

---

"Surprise!" "Happy birthday!" "Good morning, sweetheart!" "It's your special day!" "Wake up!" "Happy birthday!"

Ugh. Not again. I blinked slowly and found myself dressed in a soft cottony Tinkerbell nightie in my lavish four-poster bed, but today, the whimsical white veils were drawn as my Family stood there, shouting obscene greetings and well wishes at me. It was infuriating how they were so overly eager to please, yet I also felt a smidgeon of guilt. It was like yelling at a puppy for licking your face. Well-intentioned and subjectively cute, but disgusting nonetheless.

Mother looked at me with an expression of pure delight and excitement. You would think today was HER birthday, not mine. "Are you excited, hun? Cecilia is already downstairs making your favorite oatmeal chocolate chip cookies, and the rest of your little friends will be here within the hour. But if you do not want to wait, you can open your presents from me and Father now." Her face froze in the semblance of a horrific smile.

I sat up amidst the pink down covers and forced a wry smile at my Family.

I hadn't figured out how to tone down their positivity levels in my research last night, and now I have to suffer through a full day of this crap. Must be Monday.
