"This is your big chance, Mike"

*Was he talking to me? I'd always just done the paper pushing here*

I turned around and found the team of scientists standing there.

"We're ready to test the time machine. All you have to do is sit in it. Pretty easy job if you ask me. The whole process is only going to take about a minute"

Okay, not a big deal. I can do that. Plus I really needed a chance to prove I'm more than just a simple paper pusher. 

And then they brought me to the machine. It looked pretty futuristic. I entered the chamber, knowing I'd be done with this and it would be dinner time. 

"Alright, once it's all over, we're going to the steakhouse to celebrate, on the boss's dime! It might get a little cold in there, that should be expected."

Everyone wished me good luck and I closed the door. Suddenly, it got very hot. Too hot. 

*Didn't he tell me it was going to be cold? Or did I hear him wrong?* 

After some weird hissing noise that lasted most of the minute, it was over. When no one opened the door after a minute I decided to open it myself. Instantly, I knew I was in danger.

The scientists bodies were blasted all over the place. limbs, blood, guts, their breakfast. I vomited. Panic set in. I looked around me. On the wall, written in blood, I saw only one word: SORRY.

I needed to figure out what went wrong. I left the test room. I went to my computer and saw it said 7pm. 

*Okay, it worked, so what went wrong?*

Then I saw the date.

It had been a week since they activated the time machine. Only a minute for me, but a week here. Then I heard the voice.

"Hey...quiet! Just get in here, before they find us"

It was coming from the overhead vent. I climbed up the book shelf and got in. 

My coworker, Angelo, had a look of sheer horror on his face. 

"Angelo, what happened? Why is it a week later instead of just 12 hours?"

He then explained to me the truth. The Russians found out about our project and assumed it was a war tactic. Figuring they were in danger, they entered the facility to take it from us. When our scientists learned of the breach, one ran for the time machine's set time and moved the dial up as far as he could before the door was blown open by explosives. That explains the heat. The machine was overloaded. Of course, the time machine wasn't there anymore. So they killed everyone. One lived long enough to write me the message in blood.

"So what are we supposed to do now? Where are they?" 

"Listen, Mike. They're everywhere. You hear all those gunshots from above? I think we're at war"

Reality had set in. I knew my family was probably dead already. My wife. My kids. Probably my parents, too. I broke down. I didn't know what to do. So I went to the armory and grabbed whatever weapons I could. This is it, this is my big chance. I'm gonna kill all of them.