I spat out blood, my face still sore from the beating laid down on me.

The so-called hero was staring me down, with his trustworthy lackey by his side. My arms and legs were bound to a chair, and no matter how hard I struggled the knots were too hard for me to get loose from. Realizing that my attempts to escape were largely futile, I abandoned my efforts and decided to stare defiantly at the 'hero'.

"So, mind telling us the truth now?" A twisted smile formed on Ragnarok's face as he addressed the helpless individual sitting before him. "Or should we try out more... *persuasive* methods?" There was a slight hint of menace in the man's voice, and I would be lying if I said that I wasn't fearful of him right now.

"Please, listen..." I pleaded, trying to explain myself. "I'm not loyal to the Emperor. I'm a simple commoner who was tired of his tyrannical reign, and wanted to end it in any way possible. I swear, I'm not lying!" Desperation creeped into my voice as I said the last sentence, and the man next to the hero looked at me with concern.

"Listen Ragnarok, are you sure about this? After all, he might be telling the tru-"

"Keep quiet, Alex!" Ragnarok snapped at his lackey, causing him to flinch. "A normal man? What kind of nonsense is this! A *normal* person can't hatch such an ingenious plan! You've always been loyal to the Crooked Emperor, everyone knows that!"

"NO! I'm not!" I screamed out in agony. Why was this happening to me? All I was trying to do was the right thing, and I was so close to achieving my goal...

... before the man standing in front of me got to him first.

"The man executed my father for a crime he didn't even commit!" I gritted my teeth as I remembered the injustice I - nay, the entire kingdom had to tolerate under the Crooked Emperor's rule. The very idea that I would be loyal to such a despicable person absolutely sickened me to my very core.

However, it seemed that the 'hero' wasn't convinced by my behavior. "Alex, leave at once. It seems we need to have a... *personal* talk." 

Alex raised his eyebrows, his mouth opened in protest... but he wisely kept his doubts to himself as he looked at Ragnarok's face. It was obvious that his words wouldn't have that much of an impact on him, and he decided to quietly exit the room instead. The hero stared at me, and I involuntarily shivered as I stared at the intimidating man.

"Please good sir... I'm not who you think I am. I'm just a simple-"

Ragnarok interrupted me before I could finish my sentence. "I know you're a simple commoner. I've heard of the tragic tale that befell your family." He unsheathed the blade hanging around his waist, examining the edges of the fine broadsword that had become an iconic staple of his legendary status.

"Do you know why I named my sword Glory, commoner?" His question caught me off guard, and it took me a while before I could form an answer.

"Is it... because that's what you wish to achieve?" It was the most logical guess, and judging by the look on the hero's face it seems I was right.

"Correct!" He smiled as he swung the blade around gracefully. "And the tale of the Emperor being vanquished at the hands of the hero Ragnarok would certainly be the most glorious of them all."

I gasped as the sword found itself buried in my chest. I tried to breathe, but the exercise was futile as blood pooled inside my lungs, causing me to cough violently. Blood marred the shoes of the man who'd stabbed me, and as my life ebbed away I heard Ragnarok utter a sentence.

"Which is why I won't let my legend get tarnished by a simple... *commoner*."

------

Hi! If you liked this story and want to read more tales like this, please consider subscribing to my new subreddit, r/Ritwik_Mitra!