When Jane was 16 she had her first real love, his name was Ken. They had a great time until their 3 month anniversary. They went to the local ice cream shoppe, she got chocolate and he got peanut butter cup. They were having a great time until she fell into a trance, her eyes glazed over and just as Ken was going to take a bite of a cup. She slapped the bottom of the cone into his mouth causing the peanut butter cup to slip into this throat and get stuck. He was clawing at this throat gasping for air and reaching for her but she stood there still frozen. After a few minutes Ken had died.
Jane awoke from her trance and screamed as she looked at Kens lifeless body. She then ran to the nearest store to call for help, to which police and firemen arrived. They deemed the death caused by choking and offered their support to her.

2 years later a handsome man named Oliver asked Jane to the prom. Jane was still upset at the death of Ken but she also wanted to move on since she was about to graduate high school. Fast forward to the Prom, Oliver was there in a white suit and a blue tie that matched Jane's blue dress. Jane and Oliver have been friends since the start of the semester where they shared social studies, while they were on the third slow dance she started to feel happiness and love for Oliver. That's when again her eyes glazed over and she fell into a trance. Oliver noticed that something about her had changed as she became rigid, he didn't think too much into it as he though they were just nerves. Towards the end of the song she heads to the DJ and he can see her make a request, the DJ nods and she makes her way back. He asks "what did you put on?" She doesn't respond. About a minute later the DJ announces "Jump Around", he thought it was a weird song to request at prom but he didn't argue. Now that the slow song was over the mosh pit was starting to form again and Jane lead Oliver into the group of students and near the speakers. Oliver was enjoying the 90's but at the second chorus during the "jump jump jump jump jump jump" Jane shoved Oliver into the speakers making them fall onto him with a loud BANG and with sparks flying out everywhere. The crowd starts screaming and running out of the auditorium, Jane then again comes out of her trance and sees the bloody leg of Oliver sticking out from under the pile of speakers. She scream and runs out of the area with the last few people. Once again police, fire, and medical team arrive to supply support for the students and see what caused the death. After about 30 minutes of investigating they rule it a terrible accident caused by poorly stacked speakers.

Jane at this point is traumatized that she has seen 2 deaths, she refuses to leave her room and barely eats or speaks. 3 months after the death of Oliver late in the night she hears her parents arguing in the kitchen. She can't hear much but she hears them mention "we have to tell her about the curse, it's all but confirmed". She leans back in bed wondering what they are taking about. They continue arguing for 3 hours, at which point she hears footsteps coming up the stairs and heading to her room. Her father sees lights coming from under Jane's door and knocks asking if they can talk. She mumbles "ok" and her father slowly opens the door when he and her mother walks in.