  Oliver slowly opens his eyes after a good night sleep. His dreams were so intensely clear he feels no differentiation from his dream state to waking. As the early morning sun shines into his bedroom window his mind begins to wake up a bit bringing even more clarity to the dreams he just had. He stays in his bed savouring the dreams by further remembering them in great detail. He is still sleepy enough that he has no concern for time; and responsibility for anything is the farthest thing from his mind, naturally since Oliver is only 5 years old.

 Suddenly it hit Oliver that he was so deeply wrapped up in the dreams he was having that he didn't actually know how long he'd been lying in bed. Then he wondered why his mom hadn't come in to wake him up yet and in an instant Oliver began to panick. A wave of chills rushed up from his feet and it felt like his heart was going to explode. He couldn't remember what she looked like! Feverishly racking his brain; Oliver went through a roster of women who he had just been delightfully engaging with in his his dream recollection but oddly each one of them felt like they could have been his mother. He began to cry for all he was worth. Paralized to his bed, he looked around the room desperately to find something familiar but it was all alien to him. Even the tattered stuffed teddy bear beside him in a little green labcoat that clearly had a purpose there meant nothing to him. 

 Still crying Oliver grasped the teddy bear in his arms and begged it to bring him his mother. He stuffed his face down into the soft bear stomach and saw nothing but blackness, felt nothing but alienation and pain, and had completely forgotten about the deeply satisfying dreams he'd just had. Then the pain in his heart was so strong he screamed out loud for help. The sound of his own voice caught him off guard as though he had never heard it before and it made him stop crying. In that very same instant; that tiny sliver of time void of any attachment to anything, he heard the most magical thing he'd ever heard in his life. His mother's voice. The sensation was like warm sunbeams blanketing his whole body while angels sang to him of pure love. 

Oliver lifted his face from the stuffed bear and looked at his mother. Her eyes were everything he'd forgotten of his vivid dreams and before he could even process how much he remembered that he loved her she had her arms around him and he was safe again.




