I'm a dungeon master so I used this prompt to create a quest that may be modified to any edition and placed in any world, anyone is welcome to take it and use it:

The Horror from Below:

NPC Sherriff Dalton in a college where students and professors keep disappearing for the last few months, but the number keeps growing. Dalton is intelligent and well respected. She is also an adept fighter that used to adventure until she settled down with her wife, Madison, who is a professor at the college. Dalton has tried to get Madison to take a break and stay at home until the danger has passed, but Madison assures her that she can take care of herself (possible wizard?). During the adventure, Madison is captured, and the party must race against the clock to find her in time. Dalton joins party depending on how party interactions go. If the party drags it out too much, they will find Madison’s body and Dalton will be heartbroken but desperate to kill the Mind Flayer, taking risks. If she lives the fight, she will leave the town that she feels she failed to protect.
 
NPC Jerrick is the head of the college. He is blunt and rude, believing his intelligence makes him superior to the party and Dalton. He is pushy and demanding that the mysteries around his college be resolved. He is unsympathetic when Madisongo missing and Dalton may punch him if they end up interacting together, which could get Madison fired in the end. This would cause Dalton and Madison to move towns and possibly bump into the party again later.
 
Main villain: Mind Flayer that was found by a professor, Andrego (an elven master with animals), in the Underdark as a tadpole, he was using it as a study and feeding it brains from recently dead corpses. It grew and went rogue as it craved fresh and intelligent brains. It’s intelligent enough to cover its tracks. It currently resides in an abandoned mine located under the college. Lone Mind Flayer CR 7.
 
Investigation will reveal that there is a grave robber in the town. People are suspicious that these are the consequences for that mystery going unsolved. Evidence will point towards Andrego, who will be in denial but also feels guilt and after being pushed by the party, will admit he has been searching for it himself. He knows details about the Mind Flayer and can help the party narrow down where to look for it as well as any weaknesses it has. Also, it is possible to discover Andrego’s research notes and secret area that the Mind Flayer had been kept. If the party lets too much of their investigation slip, it could cause a riot of the town against the college. Andrego may be murdered by people, otherwise he will flee.

Possible rewards: coin from the town, the Mind Flayer carcass which can be sold, a cursed ring of luck (from the body of one of the Mind Flayer's victims, a talisman to protect against stuns (gift from Andrego if party befriends him).