“The flowers have started dying; the small moon will be here soon and it will be time to move again.”  Jak Sunchild remarked to his wife Milly.  Jak was a sturdy man.  People commented that he looked older than he was, but his wife said his appearance was more weathered than old. 
His wife, a slim woman with a warm demeanour, smiled at his observation.  “Yes, the wind is getting colder by the minute.  I’ve already started selling some of our stuff.” Milly continued on with the book she had open.


Time on Soluna was marked the three moons, the most important of which was called Chand, but people always referred to it as “the small moon”.  It was the smallest and brightest of the three.  It came from the winter and the wind slowly blew it across the sky ahead towards the summer.  Every tenth appearance, the people would move to the summer.  In times gone by, the entire town would move together, but nowadays there were just so many people.  The community stretched all the way from the summer to the winter.  And so people took turns moving.  They would pack up all their belongings, sell some of the items to the next group along and then travel until they reached the edge of the community on the summer side.   



A few large moons later, Jak and Milly had arrived.  The journey had been long but travelling through the community meant there was always comfortable places to stop and rest, as well as trade some of their winter things for summer items.  
“I always wonder how they managed it in the old days; travelling for a whole moon, I mean”.  Milly mused.   “Well, the old idea of “one moon walking, 9 moons resting” doesn’t really apply anymore.” Jak replied.  He continued “Ever since we started to use the wind, we can make the journey much faster”.   It was true.  Even with the time taken to trade and rest they had arrived and it would still be a while before the moon that signalled their departure would return.   After they arrived they had met up with some people they knew, who had moved at the last small moon.   Jak went out to look for a place to call home for the next 10 months.  


Jak was a farmer by trade.  A very risky occupation since each harvest was on a different new and unknown piece of land.  This meant choosing where he settled was important.  A choice made even more difficult by the fact that when he did choose it, the land was little more than desert.  Jak had been standing, staring out at the Sun on the horizon for a few minutes.  Despite the wind behind him, the heat was practically pushing him back.  However, right now his weathered face betrayed a slight smile.  He looked towards the mountains behind him one last time and drove his flag into the ground.

 

Less than two small moons later, and Jak stepped out of their home into the middle of a lush green field and set off to his fields.  Jaks smile today was much wider than the day he chose this land.  That day, he had noted the grass that was already growing.  He knew mountains were probably draining right below them if something could grow in such heat.  This would probably be the most fruitful season he had ever had. 
Jak was going to be working in of the rockier fields today.  Normally these would be the fields that require more work, but Jak had even considered ignoring it since his harvest was looking to be so productive this season already.  Nevertheless, not one to shy away from work, Jak set about moving the rocks.  He decided to start with the biggest.  Over six feet long and around 2 feet wide it stuck out one foot high from the ground. If he couldn’t lever under it he would probably have to break it up in order to move it.  Jak started to dig around it to get under it.  He steadily moved the soil from around the rock.  He moved systematically from end to end and as he came around to the wide face, he noticed the rock had a circular shape on it.  Jak stopped for a moment to take in the possible events that could have made a perfect circle into the rock.  He shook his head and kept digging.



The elder looked at his book again and then once more at the rock.   “If I can read this correctly…this side says “May this rock provide shade to those we leave behind” and the other side says “May this rock protect their faces from the wind””

Jak thought for a second.  “That doesn’t make sense.  If it was left behind, then they would be in the dead of winter.  The last thing they would need is shade”

“Well that’s what it says.  This word is “shade”.  Or “shadow”. Or “night”.  Or at a stretch “winter””.  The elder continued, practically thinking out loud.

“It just doesn’t make sense”  Jak repeated.  “Even the side its written on.  In order to read about the shade you are on the Suns side, and in order to read about protection from the wind, youre on the winds side.  Its completely backwards”
