"Choco?" Elle asked. Choco's eyes were the only thing shining the pitch black of the night.
"Don't ask questions, just follow me." she replied.

The girl followed the cat as it expertly travelled it's way. Both didn't talk much. The girl was busy being confused and the cat seemed to need to concentrate.

After a number of turns around town, Choco stopped in front of an animal clinic. 
"Oh, Choco.. I'm sorry but I can't in another animal. Mom barely let me have you."
"I just need to show you something."
"Plus-" 
The door had already been pushed open by Choco. Elle looked around the empty street, the sun hadn't even rose yet, everyone else was asleep. 
"Plus, entering in is illegal" she mumbled to herself but begrudgingly followed up the stairs and in.

Elle had never been in this clinic before. Her family had moved into this town last year. But one thing stood out from the last one she had been in, it was so cold in this one that she began shuddering. 

"Choco, where are you." 
"Follow my voice Elle" 
Elle walked down the hall towards one of the rooms in the back. Elle opened the door to an even stronger cold that hit her hard when she opened the steel doors. She bent over from the cold, holding herself to retain as much warmth as possible. When she looked back up for Elle, the bodies of tens of other children lay tied to medical beds. 

In that moment, a black blur pounched on her. 
"Choco!" Elle screamed.
But it wasn't Choco. Choco was sitting in an empty bed, staring down at her and more and more cats jumped on Elle. 
"Choco, help me" Elle cried for help. 
One of children around her began to cry out, "Run and-" 
But an orange cat stuffed it's paw into her mouth and widened it's claws in her mouth. 

Elle began to fight the cats, kicking and punching as many as she could. But there were so many, it seemed like the room was flooding with them. One cat from behind stuck its claws deep into the back of Elle's leg and Elle fell. 

The paw's claws were still deep in her and Elle only felt more slashing around her. With no energy, she felt herself losing to a darkness around her. Before she completely passed out, she saw as Choco turned around to a very large cat sitting in the way back, a cat Elle hadn't noticed in the chaos. 

"The sacrifices are now complete master" Choco said with a bowed head to it.