"Go away!"

I looked up from my phone to see an old man, dressed in rags, making a shooing motion at empty air several feet away. He didn't even seem to notice my presence.

"Go! S-stay awa—aaaah!" He collapsed in mid-tirade, clutching his chest.

It was almost midnight; the streets around campus were empty at this hour. I gulped, looking around for someone else to take responsibility for this, but I was out of luck.

"Mister, are you okay?" I said, inching towards the homeless fellow.

He didn't answer, but continued to wave at something only his mind could perceive. His eyes looked ready to pop from their sockets as he struggled to draw breath.

"Hold on, okay? I'm calling 911."

"N—no," he said. "Too ... late."

"Don't talk," I said, wincing at his visibly purpling face.

"Come here," he said, sounding lucid for the first time since the beginning of our encounter.

That was the last thing I wanted to do, but I'd read in some magazine that the only thing the dying wanted was company. Figuring that he couldn't do much harm, I knelt beside him.

Wordlessly, he took off his glasses and handed them to me with a significant look. With a frown, I took them. The moment they left his hands, he fell back. A single tear dripped from the corner of his left eye.

"Hello, 911? Some homeless guy just died in front of me, on 16th Avenue. Could you send an ambulance?"

After the operator assured me help was on the way, I retreated a little further from the body to wait. His thin, wire frame glasses were surprisingly clean unlike the rest of him. I held them up to my face to look through them, wondering just how bad his vision was, and that was when I saw the figure.

I yelled in surprise, dropping them in the process, and looked wildly around.

The area remained deserted, except for a cat slinking in the shadows across the road. The nearby traffic light blinked yellow, and then red. Nothing was out of the ordinary—there were no spectral silhouettes in sight.

So what had I seen? A smudge, perhaps? A glare from the streetlight?

My hands shook as I stooped to retrieve the glasses. The homeless man's eccentric last moments came back into my memory, and I felt an urge to throw this strange inheritance into the bushes and hurry on home.

But a morbid curiosity arose as well ... was I going mad, as he had?

Heart pounding, I raised the glasses again. Before they'd even reached the level of my eyes, I saw it again.

The figure stood about three feet in front of me, humanoid, its outline gray and blurry, as though it was vibrating excessively. It wasn't very tall; maybe four feet tops.

I licked my suddenly dry lips, and wondered if I should run. It made no move towards me; just stood there.

And then I realized why.

It was staring at the old man.

"Er, hello?" I said.

The figure's head swiveled toward me, and it jumped. The suddenness elicited a similar response from me, but I suddenly chuckled. Perhaps it was the adrenaline, or maybe it was the idea that we'd both been spooked by each other. While standing next to an old man. With me holding a pair of glasses like a pair of binoculars.

Things did start to feel silly.

"You can hear me?" I said.

It nodded, and I thought I saw a small hole open in its face. However, I heard nothing except the rustle of plastic trash being blown across the sidewalk.

The figure cocked its head, and then signaled for me to put the glasses on.

Hell, what could go wrong? I did as it indicated, and abruptly heard a childish voice speaking as though right next to my ear.

"You've taken Don's eyes," it said.

I shook my head. "He gave it to me. Do you have a name?"

The creature paused for a while before saying, "Don calls me Peter."

"Peter. What are you?" I said, and added, "Pardon me if I'm being rude."

A soft laugh came from him. "I'm a boy! I'm Don's son—well, he says so, anyway. I don't know who my mummy is."

My head was beginning to throb, both from adrenaline and confusion. "Well ... you're not—you don't look human to me."

The boy shrugged. "Don said that's nothing. People don't talk to me anyway. Only Don does." His brows furrowed. "Don's been lying there for a while now. Has he been drinking again? Can you wake him up, sister? He said he's taking me to the carnival tomorrow."

I looked at the homeless man, and then back at Peter. "Peter, Don's ... Don's dead. I think it was a heart attack or something."

Something about Peter changed then; I wasn't sure what gave me the impression. Maybe it was a subtle change in his pale hue. Maybe there was an irregular tremor in his shifting form.

Either way, his voice was tiny when he next said, "Not him, too?"

From the darkness came a faint wail of sirens. The ambulance must be close by.

"Too?" I said.

"Yeah." Peter squatted beside the old man's body. "Before him, it was Sally. And James, and Miguel, and ..." The boy sighed. "So many."

A thought sent a shiver down my spine. "Did you ... did you kill them?" It was hardly unusual in fiction.

Somehow, he managed to project incredulity at me even without eyes. "They loved me. We were family."

"Sorry." Relief flooded through me when the ambulance parked by the roadside. Two paramedics got down and hurried over with a stretcher. I told them what had happened, though I sensed that they weren't listening with full attention as they examined the body.

Throughout it all, Peter rested his head on Don's head.

"We'll contact you if we need to talk to you," one of them said, just before they hoisted the body onto the stretcher. Peter backed away then, watching them silently.

I nodded. They carted the body off. Soon, the ambulance had started once more.

A tingle shot up my left arm. Yelping, I turned to see that Peter had slipped his hand through mine.

"Will you take care of me now?" he said.

My lips worked soundlessly for several seconds before I dipped my head once.

And then I felt it: a pure, profound sensation of joy, like sunshine cutting through the chill of winter—spreading up my arm. I couldn't help it then—tears began pouring from my eyes.

***

*I hope you liked that. Check out my [sub](https://www.reddit.com/r/nonsenselocker/) for more stories!*