Death silently watched the crouched figure next to the waning fire. Shadows played across the gaunt man's body revealing a taut skin impossibly criss-crossed by scars.  Though he appeared relaxed and he hadn't moved for hours, Death knew that a man that had survived for that long living such a life as his was seldom as he appeared.
"This is getting ridiculous. This has to be the right man," Death muttered as he fumbled through his satchel and pulled out his parchment. Though the man himself had long forgotten his name, Death's bony finger quickly found it emblazoned bright on the parchment.
Death stumbled into the clearing less graceful than he had hoped brandishing his scythe he hoped menacingly.
"It is time. Fight all you want but you can't escape. This is the fate of all living things."
The man smoothly rose up. Normally Death did not interact so directly with mortals but the man's lifetime quest of carnage had thinned the veil between the living and the spirits that flitted between worlds. He was clad in a tattered loincloth, an outfit incongruous with the wealth he must have accumulated after defeating so many noble knights and master swordsmen. Death was a force of nature. This feeling of uneasiness that washed over him as he watched the man carefully unsheath his katana should have been a foreign feeling.
The wiry man elegantly bowed and whispered an unheard prayer to a curious talisman in his left hand. Time meant nothing to a being like Death but he wasted very little as he closed the distance to the swordsman.
The man simply circled around Death, katana loosely at his side, each step carefully balanced. Growing impatient with these games, Death finally raised his scythe and slashed down faster than any viper... only to be parried for the third time today.
"I thought only boxers wore those leather hand bindings. When the heck did he even put those on," Death mused as he watched the man's covered hand turn aside the haft of the scythe.
As the blade buried itself into the dirt at the man's feet Death stumbled into his embrace. Faster than even Death could follow the man sheathed his katana and mysteriously pulled a dagger from his loincloth. The man hugged Death closer and gently, almost lovingly slid the dagger through Death's cloak into his shriveled, blackened heart. As the man carefully laid Death's corpeal form down and it started to disintegrate again he leaned down and gently whispered into Death's skull in a strange dialect, "Git gud."
