Cries echoed through the dark halls, today the birth of a new generation. 

'Praise Benevolence!' they in the medical quarters called. 'Our wondrous Benevolence has gifted us a son!'

Joy over encumbered the population. Ancient ones smiled their progeny, and their progeny's progeny. The ships three age cohort had been restored.

Deep within the halls of the ship, in a reclusive corner filled with dust and cobwebs, a being scratched a mark into a wall. Just tallying the generations come and gone. Just yesterday, it felt, that it had tallied it's first three marks with giddy emotions. Now, the joyous aura of the inhabitants barely reached it's desolate room.

This creature had been tasked with caring for and providing for the inhabitants on a generation ship, destined for a new galaxy. It's job was simple, ensure the structural integrity of the ship, provide safety to the inhabitants, and to mark the generations passed.

It had learned after his fifteenth mark, that it could no longer co-exist with them. Their faces blended together, their smiles, their laughs, their tears, their pain, ripping away at it's personality. After twenty nine marks, all that was left of it was a husk of a former being.

Even watching had become too painful for it. The inhabitants eventually dredged up notes and diaries from their ancestors logs, in quarters it thought it sealed. The notes spoke of it, as a benevolent being, watching over and caring for the inhabitants. Eventually, it became too much and it made its presence known, to let the inhabitants know their benevolent being was still watching over them.

It regretted showing itself. The people began to praise and worship their so called Benevolence, annually sacrificing one of their own to it. It tried to stop it, to end the emotional toil, but ended in only further strengthening their belief.

That was ninety generations ago, and since then the being has given up its most it's caretaker responsibilities. The ship has fallen into a slow decay, riots and factions and crime have emerged, and resources are running out. Secluded in an isolated chamber, distant from prying eyes and cut off from outside communication it lies counting away the generations.

How can we call this being, one that couldn't handle it's responsibility to protect us, a god?
