"Player 2 has entered the game!" A loud, deep voice boomed. I dropped my bag and did a quick check of my surroundings. Whoever else was in this house now knew that they weren't alone. "Hide and go seek Death Match begins in 3.. 2.. 1.." 

I begin to panic, but suddenly I notice a flashing blue light on the wall, down about ten feet, I hustle over to notice that it is none other than a case holding a small handgun. I pop the cartridge down to see that there is nothing in it. I guess we're playing good old one in the chamber. 

I begin to make my way through this big, fancy house. I begin to clear the rooms and as I walk down a large hallway, the sound of footsteps reaches my ear. I hold onto my gun, check that the safety is off, and hide behind a corner.

The voice that I hear next catches me off guard. "Too afraid to fight me, noob?" It was the scratchy annoying voice of an eight year old boy. "Isn't this an M rated game?" I respond. The boy sneers. I raise my gun past the corner and I hear a gunshot. It misses and hits the opposite wall. "Dumbass." I mutter. "You shouldn't swear around kids." He whines. "You shouldn't be playing this game!" I sigh. I roll around the corner to shoot when suddenly more of his gunshots ring throughout the room. "Wait. isn't this one in the chamber?" I yell as I roll around to cover. The kid laughs again. "You guys should hear this dude. 'Isn't this one in the chamber.' Hah! What a noob." 

Suddenly I notice a military crate in the distance. It has a laptop above it. It's not that far away, maybe I can reach it. I maneuver my way over there, open it up, and see a menu of options. "Wait, what are you doing, where did you go?" The kid yells. I select an option, select a region, and begin to run. The deep booming voice speaks once more. "Drone strike activated. Hellfire inbound." 

The last thing I heard was a yell of frustration right before Player 1 left the game. The drone strike destroyed the nice, now empty house and the booming voice says "Player 2 wins the game." followed by a cheap guitar riff as I level up. Virtual Reality sure had come a long ways in the past few years, and I was loving it.