“Come out, foul beast!”

The call echoes around my tower, echoing off the stone as I pet Mr. Snuffles. “They just don’t stop coming. You’d think they learn after the first dozen failed.” 

Mr. Snuffles snuffles up at me but doesn’t say anything because he’s a pet, not a person. It’d be nice if he talked because it gets a little lonely out here, but he’s better than nothing. 

“I guess I’ll go handle this.” Putting Mr. Snuffles down, making sure the window is cracked so he gets fresh air, I head down and outside to stare at the knight trying to slay my dragon. “Go away. I don’t want the dragon slayed.”

As he stares at me, silent, I realize he doesn’t look like a normal knight. Ill fitting, rusted armor and a sword short enough I could use it. That’s not going to help him against any dragon that wants to kill him. “You don’t want it slayed?”

Oops. Normally, I know better, tell them I don’t need it slayed. Want implies a level of emotional attachment that isn’t safe to display or admit. “No, I don’t. So you can just turn around a ride away and never come back.” Or walk away since I don’t see a horse anywhere. Just what kind of knight is this guy?

He hesitates for a moment then pulls off his helmet, and... Oh. That explains a lot. “I’m sorry for threatening the dragon then if you don’t mind him around. Could you spare a meal? I snuck out of the castle, so I didn’t have a chance to bring much food.” The knight runs her fingers through her long hair, a few strands catching on her armor. 

“Sure.” I blink a few times, still surprised to see another woman across from me. “Um, snuck out of the castle? What do you do there?” I gesture for her to follow me into the tower, pointing to where she can put her helmet and other bits of armor if she wants. 

“Not much,” she admits, shedding armor. “My mom is a kitchen maid, and a knight got her pregnant, and they let me hang around doing odd chores. But Mom got sick, and there’s a big reward, so here I am.”

Well, damn it. What am I supposed to say to that? I focus on the soup pot over the fire, stirring it before serving two bowls since it’s lunch time for me. Major benefit to having a dragon around, never worrying about the fire going out. “How sick is she?” I ask while turning around to serve her. 

“Sick enough she can’t work as much.” The knight shrugs before taking a few spoonfuls of soup. “I’m Lilliana, by the way.”

“Jasmine.” I eat too, not sure what to say. 

We eat without talking, the lack of conversation not exactly comfortable but not cringe worthy either. I’ve got no ideas to help her, but maybe if she got a different job, not odd jobs, she’s make more money. 

“Do you have any skills, something you could do outside the castle for money?”

Lilliana shrugs. “I’m kinda good at a lot of things, but I’m best at growing plants. I’d love to have a garden,” her voice goes wistful as she stares off for a moment before shaking her head and coming back, “but that doesn’t make enough money.”

Now I have an idea. “Exactly how good at gardening are you?”

She meets my eyes looking hopeful. “I can grow anything, even things that shouldn’t grow around here.”

“I need plants for my potions,” a runaway princess needs income, and magic is expensive, “so if you grow what I need, you get some of the profit.” I don’t have a black thumb exactly, but it’s a pretty dark grey. 

“Deal.” Lilliana holds out her hand to shake with a huge smile, and I take it, sealing the deal. Then she frowns, looking confused. “But wait, what about the dragon?”

Right, the dragon. Whistling, I summon my dragon to my side, smiling when Mr. Snuffles hops up on the table. “He can be massive, but he prefers house pet size. It’s easier for him to pig out and feel full when he’s the size of a house cat.”

Lilliana stares before busting out in laughter. “If only the knights knew their prize was so small.” She keeps laughing while reaching out to pet his scales, and that’s when I figure we’ll get along just fine. 