"All right, let's hear your report. What are they doing?"

"Nothing."  Third avoided making eye contact with his superior, but watched in anticipation out of the corner of his eye. He couldn't quite suppress a smile. Second would be amazed at what they had found, he was sure.

"Nothing... What? What do you mean 'Nothing'?" Second scowled and leaned towards the view screen. 

"It appears, sir... uh... that they spend the vast majority of their time..." his hands waved uselessly in the air as he tried to think of a better explanation.  "...doing nothing."  Third reached across Second's chair and toggled several views to the view screen.  He began pointing at them one by one. "Ah. Here's an example: This group here, along the coastline? Yes. Note how they recline on the sand or enter and exit the water without purpose? They are currently engaged in nothing." 

"Surely they must be gathering resources." Second tapped the display to closely watch a juvenile emerge from the water only to return to it, carrying a buoyant plank along with him. 

"We thought so too, at first; but, no. They accomplish nothing during the time spent here. But that's just a small example. Watch this on the dark side of the planet!" Third brought up multiple views of prone humans, many of them wrapped in layers of dyed plant fibers. He couldn't help but snort at the absurdity of it. "Look! These are all in a state called 'unconsciousness.' They do it for nearly one third of every cycle!"

Second scowled in confusion. "Do what?"

"Nothing!" Third replied, and the hilarity of the situation was evident in his voice. "That's it. What they are doing right now. Remaining still, refusing inputs, wrapping themselves in coverings. Just... nothing."

"What, all of them?"  Second laughed at the sight. "Billions of them at a time?" He laughed again. "Look at them! How pathetic! How absurd!" He took the viewer controls and began cycling through thousands of image feeds. Juveniles running through grass. Mating without fertilization. Sparring without weapons. Elderly laying in beds and then simply dying. Sick waiting to recover. Billions sitting in shelters watching imagery on primitive viewers. Spending years of their pitifully short lifespans in classrooms.

Second leaned back and contemplated. "This can't be right. What are they?  Surely no species could survive this way."

Third shrugged and transmitted his full report to Second's monitor. "A few of them do gather and allocate resources, and some do spend time in combat or conquest. But it's a tiny percentage of the total population and even those spend time unconscious and, indeed, seem to be motivated by... well... doing nothing."

Second was skimming the full report, shaking his head in wonderment. 

"Our drones are prepared to harvest now, sir." Third prompted. 

"Stand by..." Second muttered. He re-activated the display to view these strange creatures. "Stand by..." he watched a couple lay down on a padded square together. one of them closed its eyes. The other stared at a light emitting display pointlessly. A smile spread across Second's face. "I think," he said, toggling through more feeds, "I want to observe them.  Just... a little longer."

Internally, Third was relieved and hopeful he would also be able to continue observing this planet. "How... um... What shall I enter into the log for this time period?"

Second thought for a moment. "Nothing." He chuckled. "Schedule a long period of 'nothing' for now." He returned to his screen and stared. 