*Read to pace of [Rap God](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XbGs_qK2PQA). 

Look, I was go easy on us to not hurt their feelings

But I'm only going to get this one chance. 

Something's wrong, I can feel it. 

5 minutes. They have 5 minutes, Shady, come on!

Just a feeling I've got

Like someone will try to shoot you, or ask to see your butt.

If human beings do to you what they do to beings

You're in trouble, big trouble. 

Maybe with an explanation your opinion I'll sway.

And our destruction you won't order

[Hook 1]
Our planet is filled with magma, magma

Long ago dust collided with some plasma, plasma

Over time compressed 
Got cold and now they're hard rocks, hard rocks

Fast forward we have smart toilets I call crap-bot


[Verse 1]

Jus let me explain the history of Earth before you kill with laser beams

Before you blasted off your fat rocket

A big bang went bang got planets off it

Earth's water, cells were livin' off it

After the oceans stopped being full of ac-id

Things evolved until they grew a back

bone and walked onto land mass

For a while things all went well 

Dinosaurs, oh a comet? (killed em all, it)

This zippity rippity big rock

From the sky hit ground with a big loud crash

With a crackety crash dust in the air like a cosmic gat

Earth cools things die holy crap

And at the exact same time

Some life forms stood up became vertical backed 

Used tools made cloths

Made spears fought tigers cracked skulls in half

These changes they were iconic

Early form of the being that be standing here and rap

Food we learned to grow, and then found H bombs

Hm up let me back

Humans are having a tough time period, still using gas

Its actually disastrously bad to be smart

But not travel at light speed like you clearly have


[Hook 2]
Our planet is filled with magma, magma

Long ago dust collided with some plasma, plasma

Over time compressed 
Got cold and now they're hard rocks, hard rocks

Fast forward we have smart toilets I call crap-bot

Let me show you our history isn't that hard, that hard

Because since Roman times aside from iphones

We haven't gone all that far


[Verse 2]

Well to be truthful I did skip

When we moved steel across flint

Made fire and we used it

To stay warm in that cold and

Make swords in order to loot and pill-age (pew)

Wow your space ship is really cool, wish

I could use it to "blow the mind"

Of that stupid Kim bitch

Who's she? A product of jism, Contin Oxy, PS add an 'M', 

Oh hey who cares I'm off topic and I forgot my name's Slim

I'm a human with a weird brain

Who now is a musician

What's music? Here listen.

Nevermind I as sayin', Romans came

Fought against the church but still it came

Then Christ Yaweh Muhammed, The trick?

They're all the same

You probably think we're lame, still driving cars and planes

Wow you stink and, please tell me what's that pink thing?

Whattya say little boy?

Do aliens have gender they're faces are the same, is it a boy?

You're probably reading our thoughts with the clarity we watch

Subtitles on screen during "Old Boy."

Okay, okay, back on topic little alien boy. 

Ease up calm down relax

Holy shit it touched me and I can't feel my face vey oy.

It's back, ok. Where was I? Ya weh?

After that we, built castles had serfs made boats

Met people couldn't understand what they say

Found gold found oil made cars

Fucked a lot and that brings us to today.


[Hook 3]

Our planet is filled with magma, magma

Long ago dust collided with some plasma, plasma

Sorry for the space trash

Don't blame me blame Tesla, Tesla

Tony Stark of the real world, smart but dad bod

Hindus? Where they at? 

I don't know but they have 72 Gods.


EDIT:  It sounds right in my brain but I also know that song too well to be healthy, because I have my priorities in order. 

