"We live in a dark world...hidden, away from all the light so no one will ever find it," I said, "our reality is *shifted*... wrong, everything inside this... limbo has a static state of existence. People didn't need rest or food, nor did fatigue occur, as you can see, all the heat, all the air, all the cold was non-existent, all was void."

"Everything is lifeless, everything is pointless...there is no future for us," I said, the girl in front of me for her part only looked down and wept "why, did you created this world, *Why* did you created us, what are you running away from, God?"

She didn't answer, she only wept, what a fucking, stupid, irredeemable girl..." and you are supposed to be the god of this place? you're not doing a very good job."

"Sir... they're here"

"Why...are you doing this Micah...!" she wept, its what she did best "I- I- I thought we were friends!"

I sighed, I looked again at the weeping girl, "I'm going to destroy this box, I'm going to free everyone, the Knights, and you...*God*" I spat the last word, "I already planted the seed inside of you, you Knights will kill us all if we fight back, I know this, so there is no point in fighting them, our death is already decided."

I could see, in the corner of my eye, my colleagues, people who gave up and that are fighting for a future that is not for them, they were looking at me with tears in their eyes, they don't agree with this I knew, but this was the only way "if you want to ask for forgiveness, now is the time"

"We're staying," one of them said, it seems he spoke for everyone, I feel ashamed when I can't remember his name "can't let you have all the glory"

*There is no glory in this*

"God," I said, loud, she jolted when I called out to her, I wanted to kill her, never in my life I would have thought that I would feel this way about her "you're invincible, at least from the outside, your mind is what keeps this box from falling apart, that body of yours is just an unbreachable container" I grabbed by the hair and lifted in the air, I could hear explosions in the distance, people screaming, people being deleted.

*I'm so sorry, everyone* I looked at God, she looked so fragile, I felt a stinging pain in my stomach for talking to her like this, but it had to be done, for freedom "but that's a lie, there is a way to get inside you and destroy you from the inside, that seed we feed you with, an ancient monster will grow inside of you, destroying your mind, shaking the box, until absolutely everything inside breaks, even your Knights, even you."

That last part was something, I didn't mention to my colleagues, even so, they didn't react. I threw the God of this place to the ground a loud yelp coming out of her mouth, "you guys ready?" everyone nodded, and pulled out their guns, a gift from some unknown traveler and merchant that found his way into this realm, I tried to make him take us, but to no avail, he was also some kind of God. One that was just passing by. He is the one that gave us the seed as well.

*it's okay, Alice you won't remember a thing, your Knights will be unable to find anything wrong inside of you....everything is set*

Each of us pointed the guns to our chins and temples, I was crying I noticed, we all were; all of us pulled the trigger at the same time.

***

I woke up to the sound of birds, singing, I groaned, feeling a sharp pain in my head, and then realization hit me like a brick. I was inside a white room, sunlight’s flooding in and reflecting off everything and it's almost blinding. there were lilies crowded into a white ceramic vase on the white table by the white-rimmed window, which is shut. from my sheet, I could feel a pleasant warmth.

"No, this shouldn't be possible"

"Oh but it is" a deep voice, coming from beneath my bed, a long shadow appears moving like a snake, he looks down on me, he had spots of white here and there all of different sizes and shapes; his eyes.

"A- A Knight"

"Yes, welcome to God's castle, I am Sir Dark and I live under Alice's bed."

"A- Alice?"

"The girl you-" he stopped himself "oh, never mind is better if you don't remember those awful memories, I'm still investigating, about those weird guns and that God that is hiding in the city, but for now, get up."

Sir Dark lifts me off the bed, his shadow embracing me, but apart from that, there was something bothering me "uhm, Sir Knight?"

"Yes?"

"Who am I?"

"Oh, that" he beams, or at least it looks like he did "you're Alice friend, Micah, she really wants to see you..."

***

*I tried to make this confusing, but interesting, don't know if I succeeded, any advice you can offer is really appreciated!*

