Sheila smiled at Dan from across the kitchen. She diced the carrots with machine-like precision, barely slowing to glance at her husband. Dan creased his eyebrows in her direction, expressing his exhaustion.

The Xorne's language had never been learned by another species in the galaxy. When Dan took out his ear, Sheila could scream at him in anger but all he would hear are lyrical arrangements. 

Dan analyzed the sounds and broke them down mathematically. What humans interpret as a fourth note could be a whole phrase in Xorne. When they spoke rapidly, it sounded like a concert and could be heard like reading a novel. Massive amounts of information could be translated quickly.

The troubling aspect came down to one translation. 
It's a familiar tone to humans. A high C sharp lasting an 1/8th of a second. Barely discernible within a long song, but always hit when talking about humans.
The same note hit when Sheila cooks.

Dan wondered if the reason humanity had yet to meet the other species was because the Xorne had eaten their other c sharps to extinction.

Sheila was adding spices to the stew, surrounding Dan in familiar aromas that had become the staple scents of their home. Could she really be fattening up Dan for 6 years?

Dan went back to the screen on the table. He tried to reach out, but his hands had started sweating and shaking. 

The peace seemed to good. The Xorne wiped out war, hunger, disease, and racism nearly as soon as they showed up. They freely gave technology and advanced humanity.

For food. The rage built within Dan. He couldn't handle the guilt he felt within himself for falling into the trap.

Dan decided he would show whom who's food. 

It didn't take long for Xorne Fleet to arrive. Sheila's blood covered Dan's hands. He sat slumped against the front door, acknowledging to the pale purple light of day the murder he'd committed.

Their songs came out hurried and loud, but too fast for Dan to understand without his ears. Apparently seeing the confusion in Dan's eyes, they inspected his ears and slid a new ear in.

"Why murder?" Asked the green Xorne.

"Why food?" Dan returned, making sure to hit the practiced high c note.

"You learn little." His ear told him.

"Why eat human?!" Dan carefully pronounced in Xorne.

Visibly flustered, the orange Xorne spoke very slowly, lWe guide fluffy, weak meat." 

And Dan realized C sharp was sheep. They spoke in metaphors. 
And Sheila was preparing sheep stew, again. His favorite.