I was eating my dinner in my "retirement home" when the group came in. All of them trained killers with their own style. I'm not one to ask for protection because in reality I'm the last person in the world that needs it. All these men and women skilled and trained by yours truly.

In the start there was no lack of action. People always managed to find me somehow. Wanting to prove themselves to the world. they would come seeking my head. Of course being that I'm still here that says something about my skills and their lack thereof. 

Slowly the steady stream of would be assassins and killers came to a much needed stop. I guess they realized that I'm not an easy target. Not for one man or a mob of them. 

After a week passed without a "visit" I began to think about the 5 W's. Who could have told them to back off? What is happening in the underground to cause people to shift focus? When will they make their move? Where are they based? Why do they keep doing what they're doing? 

Why would "they" harbor any resentment towards me? The answer is simple. I killed a main member in their group in a place no one should be killed. In my eyes he was cowering behind something he did not deserve.

I haven't been blind to the happenings of the underground either. After all I used to be apart of it. When my banishment started I began to see things more clearly and payed more attention to those that wanted absolute power for themselves. 

I could have tried to make a move back then and attempted to rectify the situation but with the mark on my head and the support of the underground gone. I could have worked my way through a good percentage of them before being smoked out and killed. Afterwards what would the underground think? I would have only postponed the inevitable. 

As time passed I began to assemble people that showed the potential to reach the​ kind of edge that had made me the most feared and respected killer in the underground. Of course all I had to do was ask. Between joining me or dying they really didn't have much of a choice.

All except for two. One a sharpshooter that wanted to find out why her brother gave his life to save me. The other because he wants to be known as the baddest motherfucker. He also has an abnormal affinity for that phrase "motherfucker". 

As they took their formation the lead man. A bald black man with glasses proceeds to cut the power from the house. And very clearly says "they'll be here any moment Mr. Wick"

It was finally time for me to test them and to make my move.
