"The troops, sir. They await your speech." A servant looms in the door way, worry displayed across his narrow face

"Allow me one more minute. What I'm about to begin will have ramifications for generations to come." His hands are clenched tightly around the back of a luxurious chair, pins of wartime honor and tasles of various colors with numerous honors and meanings hang from his military garb. He was tight lipped, and sweat was forming on his brow as his eyes peered into the floor beneath him.

"Not to be curt, sir, but we must do what is necessary. One more bombardment like that..." the servant cut his gaze away from the king and reached over to a picture sitting on an end table. It was of the royal family, two young girls sat on the kings lap, all of them beaming with joy. "One more like that and we won't have to worry for what we leave our predecessors. There will be nothing left."

The king begins pacing in the war room, cutting to each end of the carpet with experienced precision.

"If we take this leap of faith, nothing will stop Man. We crush the ones sending the missles, eliminate the witnesses, and retreat back to Atlantis." He gestures to the war table, tiny pieces cover a map, and as he speaks he shifts them towards each location. "Then man follows. We beat back wave after wave, but they won't ever quit. This Earth became their's milenia ago. This utopia that was crafted for us...it will crumble under Man's endless thirst for what isn't their own. This ocean will boil around us."

"It will burn under our own inability to act before any man steps foot into this city. Yes, what we have is precious, but so much of it is already destroyed." The servant steps foward, gently resting his hand upon his King's shoulder. "I would rather see man destroy us and uncover the truth of our success, than us be washed away by the pitfall of a tyrant. Never taking the opportunity to at least avenge our dead, and at most, maybe find peace with what resides above."

"Liat." tears form in the corners of the King's eyes and he bites back on a sob. He reaches in, and firmly hugs his humble, ever-faithful companion. "What ever comes of this, understand that I've always loved you for all of your thankless work. All of your endless hours enduring my bickering, and for guiding me in these times." He pulls away, taking a deep, centering breath.

"Are we ready my Lord?" The servant smiles, gesturing towards the balcony on the other side of a wall of thin, shimmering fabric.

"Yes, now or never." 

The King straightens up his back, and hides away the fear on his face. He makes his way to the fabric wall, and on the other side, beneath his grand balcony, was an ocean of men armed for war.

"Today..." He takes a breath, looking through the crowd, "we kill the murderous, vile tyrant Kim Jong-un, and avenge the blood that floods our very streets. We will crack the foundations of his regime like the very dome above us, and he will pay for every failure that has cost us our very livelyhoods!"

And just like that, the ocean erupted into screams of anger and vengeance.