"Hey normie! We've got an emergency in the maternity ward that you might want to see."

"It's NORMAN, Thank you" I snapped back at the hulking Adonis, whose clothes were a bit too tight fitting for my comfort.

Ever since, I, a non-super-human, joined New York's Super Unit, the name "Normie" was conveniently crafted from my name. As much as it pisses me off, it had to be known that I'm a 'normal' one, my divorce has cemented that in the media.

Brushing off the 'endearment' of my superhuman supervisor, I rushed to the room with the large blinking red light and familiar screams. 'Oh boy' I though, recounting the several times my low-paying job has had me pulling out crocodile babies and mind readers from random broads' wombs.

As I pushed through the heavy doors, I stalled, and was bumped into by a lady pushing a cart behind me. She snapped at me, "Sir, you can't block the entrance to the..." Pausing and gasping as she looked up at my face, her tone shifted "oh.. Norman Conway... I-I wasn't aware..." The hustle and bustle of the room broke our silence, "Yeah... it's a bit awkward I know". I spun around and marched over to the side of the woman, placing my hand on hers.

"Hey Gwen" I smiled. Her contractions drew some spite, "IT'S ABOUT TIME YOU IDIOT" In a heavy gasp, she released the tension, "Gah, fuck... no wonder I divorced you! You're... *ah oh that burns*... g-good for nothing!"

"Hey! I've been around for all 20 years haven't I! I've taken Caleb to soccer practice many times... *even though he isn't mine*..." The head doctor interjected, "We don't have time for this drama Mr. Conway, calm Gwen down if you're so willing, this needs to be a smooth operation." He stared up at me with a grimace, "I don't know what to expect yet but you better make sure your ex-wife is ready to deliver this little guy." Her wails peaked up between the discussion, and that's when my heart rate spiked. The doctor continued, "The last baby we had in here was Caleb, and he ended up liquefying the brains of 3 people."

I thought back and shuddered, the little devil. Never once said thanks for all the times I delivered him to his soccer games!

"I can hear you!" I flinched, startled by the squeaky teenage voice, as I turned back to see him, sitting in a lounge chair in the corner of the room. The little bastard had some sort of 'device' that he was scanning things with. I could never get over that large head of his, with those bulbous veins running up the sides of his skull.

"I said I can hear you, doofus!"
Hear this, you little smart-ass! You're only 17, and just because you can read my mind doesn't mean you can talk back to me.

He let out a giggle, starring off at the head doctor, who yelled at me, "Pay attention!"

"He thinks you're a doofus too!" Chuckled Caleb. The doctor winked at him endearingly. It's so nice to be picked on by my stepson and my superior at the same time. Gwen's breathing became heavy like before, drawing me away from my shame. Her cries were deeper and more painful now, and I held her arm, calming her through what seemed like the final push.

"I know we've had our fights Gwen, but I'm going to be here for you and the baby, like I have been these past two decades." In all the pain, she looked up at me, smiling sincerely. I felt more connected to her in this moment than ever before.

Suddenly, the room went silent, and Gwen's stomach collapsed, seemingly releasing the pressure of her womb. The doctor's face went flush and Caleb fell on the floor, laughing and tossing about frantically. I looked down and saw a dark arm protruding from her hoo-ha.

"ARE YOU KIDDING!" I couldn't believe my eyes... It's not even mine!

"Wait..." The doctor caught my attention again, "...this isn't melanin. It's skin is literally... pitch black.. and I can't get a grip on him." Everyone paused when Caleb stopped laughing abruptly, and as he regained himself, he swallowed a lump in is throat. His face was pale as his little strange device was ringing off the charts. He finally perked up, "My device... the baby... I-I don't know what it is... it's like it's not even matter..."

After a short moment of silence, the baby slipped out of Gwen with ease, and seemed to float there in between her legs, dripping some dark and murky amniotic fluid. It had pitch-black skin, and large globular eyes that were bright purple and nebulous, as if they contained miniature galaxies. Some of the objects in the room were floating, and the objects around the baby seemed to change hues and shift opacity. Everyone was taken aback.

"What is it?" I muttered. "This... is definitely something new" the doctor replied. Without knowing how to follow up to this little being of dark matter, he jokingly asked "I wonder what his first word will be?" It turned it's tiny head towards me and seemed to stare into my soul. Cute. I pointed to myself and managed to spit out the words "daddy!". The baby moved its tiny mouth attempting to mimic me. After a few seconds and no avail, it suddenly seemed to call the words into existence around us, its little voice could be heard echoing throughout the whole hospital, deep, booming, and cheerily spouting the phrase:

"Normie."

Close enough.





//first time writing here, hope it's not total garbage//