Curses were a fickle thing. You’d think that it came about from some arch-rival who had cursed the woman, Lady Emma Abate, or her bloodline before her. In truth, it was a jealous witch. The old hag had lived a life of hatred and disgust, and now, seeing this noblewoman take and take, land that belonged rightly to the witch going to her court, the sorceress decided that she had had enough. How might Lady Emma enjoy only telling the truth, for the rest of her life? 

“Lady Emmaline Léonie Abate, you stand on trial convicted of twenty-seven counts of murder, twenty-four of which were prisoners of war, three of which were nobles in your court, captured during conflicts. What say you in your defence?” 

“*I* did not kill them,” she said, which was true enough. Standing at her podium in a slim dress, one befitting a noble of a high German house, yet not one frilly and bell-bottomed, she looked far more compassionate than she had during the executions. Emma’s icy blue eyes stared at the judge, a round man who couldn’t seem to fit in his regalia properly. She wondered where he found the food in these trying times. If one looked particularly close, they might see flecks of red colouring in her eyes. The result of a battle in her mind;

“Let me stand my own trial,” said a shadow in the back of her mind, whom she named Fenriz.  
“I killed those men, I will answer for it,” 

“And you’ll get us both killed, you filthy harlot,” Léonie answered back.  
“You’re staying back here, and watching. I am not going to *die* because red-eyed me wanted to play,” 

Emma could almost hear the hissing between the two inside her head, but she kept her cool.  
“I swear to you, your honour, that all I had done was capture the deceased,” 

“But you admit they are deceased?”

“Do you mean to question the dead, your honour?” She had not meant to snap back like that. Her left eye had a full sliver of red colouration. What the hell was Fenriz doing?

The judge nodded.  
“Alexios of your Honour Guard states he was a witness. He will now testify;” 

“Your honour,” Alexios stepped up. He was Greek, originally, however he was recruited by Emma on one of her expeditions.  
“I can say with absolute certainty that Emma was not the killer,” he started.  
“You see, I had just left her in her study to check on the prisoners. I opened the door, and I could tell that they had just been killed. It would have been *impossible* for Emma to have killed them,” 

Many other guards testified to the noblewoman being in her study at the time of death. The Judge had no other evidence to go on, and so called it a day. As they returned to the Abate estate, Fenriz appeared in Emma’s eyes.  
“He still has suspicions,” said the violent side of Emma.  
“I doubt letting him live will be beneficial,” her Honour Guard knew the look in her eyes. It would not end well for the Judge. 