And while all that stuff with the daedra was going on a female wood elf (or Mer) and a female dark elf (or Dunmer) were arguing at an inn in Bruma, a cold city at the base of the Jerall mountains on the Cyrodiil side.

The argument was starting to get heated as they were arguing over whose undergarments were softer. "See, feel here" the dark elf said as she placed the hand of the light elf on her warm crotch region "doesn't that feel like a nice warm summer breeze on the Gold Coast?" The light elf had to admit it felt good but she knew she had one last trick up her sleeve to finally win the argument.

The light elf leaned in and whispered in to the dark elf's ear. "Do you feel how soft THIS is?" It was at that moment the dark elf actually felt something silky on her shoulder. Surprised, she wondered what she could actually be feeling so she looked back at the elf she had been so engrossed with proving wrong that she hadn't noticed that actually the beautiful light elf in front of her was no light elf at all! In fact it wasn't even a woman but Talos himself! And his beard is what had felt so silky on her shoulder just a moment ago.

Talos leaned back in and whispered "Be strong for war. Be bold against enemies and evil, and defend the people of Tamriel." The dark elf was left quivering and speechless as she noticed the massive dragonborn erection that was now brushing up against her thigh. "Oh and one more thing" Talos said "There are nine divines you fucking retarded dark elf."

That last line got the dark elf right off because what you didn't know is she was rubbing her nipples that whole time and got off on being put down (I guess you had to be there.) After she finally stopped shaking she asked "so what are you doing for the rest of the night?" Talos just stood up and said "I'm actually on my way to have some mead in Sovngarde with the Dovahkiin that just passed away. While the Daedra were arguing amongst themselves we just slipped away to ride on ethereal dragons and shit.

Stunned the dark elf said "Wow, Talos you are the coolest." "I know." He replied and then he walked out of the inn with a funny gait because he still had a massive erection with his huge dingle donger and everyone noticed. Even senpai.