"I... I can't believe it." Lieutenant Grog said, looking through his astro-binoculars.

"Believe it, Grog." General Kug grabbed the binoculars out of Grog's massive, three-fingered hands. "They're hurling Betelgeuse at us."

"But... but how!?" Grog turned around to look at his commander.

"I..." Kug looked out into space, his fist clenched tightly with anger "I have no idea. And I don't think they do either"

Kug looked at Grog directly in his eyes. "Lieutenant Grog, you are the most decorated war hero in the Doonak Empire. When we took on the humans to save the rest of the galaxy, we believed that we were the only ones tough enough to take them on, but those... those sons of bitches are so goddamned crazy!"

"How can I help, sir?" Grog saluted.

General Kug looked at the ground, wiping a tear from his eye. "It's obvious now that we can't beat them. We need you and the other soldiers to help evacuate the women and children and prepare for our final stand here against this unbeatable enemy."

"For honor, sir." Grog performed the traditional Doonak farewell dance.

"For honor, soldier. May the creator have mercy on our souls."

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The small, crack team of rookies flew along in their space cruiser, the ten billion gigawatt red solar lamp duct taped to the top of it.

"Okay guys," the leader addressed everyone on board, "Let's go over this again, one more time. The boys back home managed to put up enough destructive interference around Betelgeuse to cancel out its light pattern, and sent us on our way with this huge solar lamp so that it looks like we're Betelgeuse. Now by the time we get to the Doonak home world, they'll have all probably evacuated except for like a couple hundred of their strongest guys. Once we get there, they'll be so fixated on us they won't notice the ten or so brown dwarfs we managed to move on the OTHER side of their planet that'll smash into the whole thing and blow 'em all to hell. Any questions?"

One soldier raised his hand. "Yeah, uh, isn't this all a little over complicated?"

The leader chuckled and lit his cigar. "Exactly."

EDIT: Betelgeuse is red, not blue, d'oh.

EDIT: its not it's, arghhhh