Carrie drew in her notebook, completely and utterly bored out of her mind. God, she hated US gov. She didn't understand, for the life of her, why an art major needed history courses, yet, there she was. 

'...waste of time...' She thought. 'Where did this guy get a PhD from? The University of Teaching Through YouTube videos?"

Carrie heard a snicker, which gave her pause. She glanced at the cute girl who sat in front of her, which was where the noise came from. 

'Probably a coincidence.' Carrie gave her character some hair. 'But....'

'I KNOW THAT YOU'RE LISTENING!'

The girl jumped and made a weird noise. 

Some people paused to stare at her as her face turned bright red. 

"S-sorry." She stuttered. "Thought I saw a spider."

Some people shifted their backpacks off the ground, and that was the end of that. 

Carrie gaped at the girl's head, just as she spun around and stared mournfully at her. 

"Sorry." She mouthed, before looking away. 

'No way...' Carrie leaned forward. 'C-can you actually hear me?'

The girl stiffened. A soft voice whispered in Carrie's head, which was really weird. 'Wait, you didn't know? Why were you screaming that in your head than?'

Carrie's face reddened. 'Ah...not important...Don't think about it, don't think about it...'

'Superhero geek, huh?'

'Damn it.'

The girl laughed. 'I'm Megan Valdez.'

'Carrie Simon.' She felt her face turning pink. 'So, any reason that you're were listening in on my thoughts?'

Megan fiddled with her hair. 'I...I just wanted to know if you were taken....'

Carrie grinned. 'That would be a no.'

'Ah.' Megan fiddled with her hands. 'I guess the whole mind reading thing is a deal breaker, huh?'

'Safer way to send nudes than a phone.'

'Oh my god.' Megan pressed her hand against her mouth, and glanced at Carrie with a giggly expression. 'So, that's a yes?'

Carrie twisted a finger into her hair. 'How does coffee sound? After class?'

Megan revealed a lovely smile, and returned her gaze to the projection. 'Sounds like a date.' 