Kidd rested his scythe across his shoulders. It had only been a day since his blessing, but it felt so natural there as its cold lifeless smoke began to eerily creep out across his back. He surveyed the raised arena from his tiny alley. Mom was blatantly playing favorites, with the giant square of the arena exposed to bright open sky with a strong beaming noon sun overhead. She always did have an infatuation with those blessed by sky deities seeing as she herself was blessed by Ra. Kidd shouldn’t have expected any less though, even without outside help he was still at the greatest disadvantage of the seven brothers. All his brothers were superior in one way or another in terms of combat. Darius was by far the strongest, Xerxes was the best with the sword, Arthur the most talented in the magical arts and more. But the creeping darkness that now lay across his back in cape-like fashion gave him an odd sense of calm. Kidd smirked as he began slowly making his way to the sunlit exit of the arena’s tunnel. 
 
The crowd was already in a frenzied roar cheering on the other princes as he hit the sunlight. Over 200,000 people filled the massive ascension arena, nearly the entire population of the capital city all in one place awaiting excitement, blood, and death. Kidd mused on the idea that in some ways watching the death of royal’s probably helped quell dissatisfaction with the crown as he strode up the stairs. Cresting the top stair he saw his six other brothers all waiting impatiently at the middle of the arena. The center of their giant heptagonal coliseum was off-putting to say the least. Seven simple stone basins circled around a single large intricately carved marble throne in the middle raised 20 feet above the rest. Blood of each royal would need to be spilled in the basins before the marble throne would lower. Incapacitated to decapitated, the method didn’t truly matter how you got the blood there. Kidd was pretty sure, though, that the only other brother who wouldn't be going for kills was the middle brother, Hrenzer. Rumors had it he’d be retiring early to drink, party and watch the rest of his brothers ruthlessly slaughter one another. Which in it’s own right was equally as cold. 
 
Kidd approached his 6 brothers, greeted by a mix of irritation, boredom and anticipation. He subtly surveyed all his brothers trying to get a sense of their alertness and preparation. The first to stand out were the two declared favorites of the fight. Darius flashed a booming, confident grin at Kidd. Darius definitely didn't need the ego boost of being a favorite, his confidence filling the entire stadium. Standing at 6’5” with bulging muscles from years of training, Darius had every right to be confident as he towered over his brothers. Blue arcs of electricity continuously shot off in every direction, showboating his blessing from Zeus. He laughed a hearty laugh at Kidd before returning to waving to the crowd.
 
Not one to let anyone outshine him, Kidd’s second brother, Arthur, had skin that was glowing gold with Ra’s power. He was acutely aware of being a favorite and he obviously loved it. Arthur didn't so much glance Kidd’s way as he flaunted to the crowd firing off fireballs into the air as he circled the basins. While not nearly the colossus as Darius, Arthur still stood a tall 6”2 and now quite muscular himself after his recent time with the capital’s battle mages. Further accenting the radiant sun god look, Arthur was the only one of the seven to acquire their mother’s silky golden blonde hair. The rest of them taking on their father’s thick light brown hair. With the sunlight seemingly creating a spotlight for him, it was easy to tell he was definitely their mother’s favorite.
 
Kidd was unable to size up the rest of his brothers as the sound of a horn overpowered the cheers of the crowd. A stifling silence fell across the sea of onlookers as all eyes turned to sizable royal seating. Donning an intricate flowing golden dress that stood out even at this distance, Kidd and his six brother’s watched as their mother gracefully approached the balcony. Her voice boomed under the influence of a sound amplification blessing, filling the entire space. 
 
“Greetings my citizens, favored guests and people of the court. Welcome to the Royal Ascension Ceremony. I’d like to personally thank you all for joining my family on this momentous occasion as we find out which of my sons will become the next rightful ruler of the great Cromaxian Empire.” At this point she lay her gaze on her seven sons. “My sons, you all know the rule, use everything and anything to your advantage like a true ruler as only one may sit upon the Cromaxi throne. May the rightful heir claim victory today… to your positions please.” 
 
Kidd turned on his heel and began quickly walking toward his respective corner of the odd seven-angled arena. He started running through the strategy he had crafted over the course of the past few days. As the youngest of the seven he’d be pinched between the oldest, Darius and the second youngest, Zekris. Darius should move to challenge Arthur looking to show his dominance early, while Zekris would attempt to eliminate Kidd immediately. 
 
Zekris was an odd one even amongst the eclectic selection that made up their family. From an early age Zekris showed darker tendencies. Obsessed with squashing bugs and abusing animals, most Cromaxi families would’ve rejected him with disgust. However, their mother never intended to raise a typical family. Taken at the age of 7, she had the Council of Information raise him under their tutelage. A fancily named branch of the government which was simply a group of assassin’s controlled by the queen. Trained in techniques of stealth, combat, espionage, torture and assassination, Kidd wondered if their blessings had somehow gotten switched. He was swiftly answered when a ghastly shiver went down his spine. “I know, I know”. 
 
Finally reaching his corner, Kidd turned on his heel to face the arena and surveyed the brothers to his sides. As expected, on his left Darius was already facing Arthur, the blue lightning still sparking wildly off his body. Meanwhile Zekris to his right stood calmly eyes closed. Glancing up, Kidd spotted the reason why. Just a hundred or so feet up flew one of Odin’s iconic ravens analyzing the battlefield. It seemed a bit preemptive when Zekris should’ve already known the exact locations of every combatant. Kidd shook his head though, hoping to fling the extraneous thoughts out. He no longer had time to question other’s decisions, upbringings and blessings. He’d have time to go over it all later. Staring directly at his brother, he griped his scythe tighter steeling himself for what had to be done. 
 
A resounding ring of seven massive bells in unison echoed through the stadium. The crowds dyed down once more in anticipation and an eerie silence overtook the stadium. 
 
Two. 
 
Three. 
 
Four. Kidd held his breath as he counted each ring, the time between each of them an eternity. 
 
Five. 
 
Six. Kidd finally let out the air as a long breathy sigh. 
 
Seven. The ceremony had begun… 

