You know Xavier—Professor X. There’s no one cooler, no one better, no one that can really beat him. He doesn’t use super strength and, even though he’s psychic, he doesn’t use his power to twist people’s minds. But, he still wins. Every time, he wins.

That’s why he’s also the scariest.

I had nightmares where he’d just stare at me, and I would think about all the horrible things I’d done in my life, and he would *know*. There was nothing I could do to stop him. Even if I tried to think about lots of other stuff, I always gave in.

Every time, he wins.

As scary as those dreams were, I knew they weren’t real—that he wasn’t real. No one could actually read minds. But, just in case, I would think the same thought now and then: I know you’re listening. If Professor X heard that, he’d definitely apologise and stop. He was a good guy, after all, and good guys didn’t listen in to normal people’s thoughts.

On a Monday that was like any other, the teacher talked on and on at the front of the class, tapping the digital whiteboard as she did. I always thought she did that to keep us awake, such a sharp sound. But, there probably wasn’t a way to make history interesting—not the Battle of Hastings. A bunch of people killed each other and a new king took over. Great. Nothing like that ever happened before or since. Very important we knew about *this* one in so much detail I could tell you how many hairs William the Conqueror had up each nostril.

A brief giggle broke through the whine of the teacher, and the timing made my heart clench. Nothing had happened. There was no reason for anyone to laugh right then, none at all.

But, if they were in my head, then….

When I felt that panic rise up in me, I knew what to think: I know you’re listening.

For the longest second of my life, I listened. Another second passed, and then another, and then the quiet of my head was interrupted by a thought that wasn’t mine, that sounded different, felt different: I’m sorry.

I knew the voice, and turned to glance at her. While glasses hid her eyes and she tried to hide behind long, loose hair, I could still see her blushing like a proper tomato. Really, that was way too much to just be a coincidence. She almost looked at me, only to quickly turn away, and that sealed it for me.

It went from the longest second to the longest hour of my life.

When the bell went, and everyone packed up and filed out despite Ms. Hawthorn’s insistence that she was the one who dismissed us, the girl sort of lingered, taking her time packing up. I wasn’t in that much of a rush, either.

“I’ll catch you later.”

“What, you got detention? Again?”

“What, you’re surprised?”

“Nah, mate. We just miss you round the courts. Feels like years since we last kicked a ball about with ya.”

“Oh shove off. Prat.”

My lunchtime freed up, I waited outside the classroom until she left. Despite being able to read my mind, she jumped when I said, “Violet?”

“Y-yes?” she asked, head bowed.

If anyone saw us right then, they probably would’ve thought I was bullying her. Wouldn’t blame them. “Come on, you probably don’t want anyone else hearing this,” I said, turning away and setting off.

Her hurried footsteps quickly followed behind me. I hadn’t really thought about how short she was before, but I slowed down a bit. There wasn’t anywhere in school that didn’t have someone around, so I just led us to somewhere quiet, upstairs by the maths rooms. A group of first years—swinging their giant bags around whenever they moved—clogged the far end of the hall, and a couple of sixth formers chatted to one of the teachers through an open door. But, there wasn’t anyone from our year and that’s all that mattered.

I came to a stop, and rubbed the back of my head. Really, I hadn’t thought this far ahead, just that I couldn’t not talk to her. I didn’t even know if I was all that upset about it. I mean, if I could read minds, I’d definitely do it all the time. After all, I wasn’t a super hero. No one expects some kid in school to be perfect. I wouldn’t share all their secrets or anything like that, wouldn’t hurt them, so there wouldn’t be any harm in it. Yeah, when I thought about all the embarrassing things she might have heard me think, that wasn’t great, but she hadn’t blabbed. Probably.

While I thought all that, she silently stood at my side, her head lowered. Seeing her like that, I couldn’t help but lightly elbow her and say, “Come on, it’s not like you flashed me your knickers.”

Somehow, she turned a brighter shade of red than earlier, her mouth trying to make words only to end up stuttering, “I, I d-didn’t….”

Leaning over, I gently shoved her with my shoulder—and still nearly toppled her over. “Sorry,” I said, trying not to laugh and failing. “But, if you keep actin’ like that, I can’t help it. What, are you a mouse or somethin’?”

“No,” she squeaked.

I laughed again and looked out the window instead, out over the sports field. Off-limits until spring and still a bunch of kids kicked a ball through the mud. “How long?” I asked, the only question I could think of.

“What?”

“How long you been listenin’ in?”

She took a moment before answering. “Um, a few months.”

“Is it noisy?”

“What?”

I sighed, leaning forward to rest on the windowsill. We were the same height, now. “Hearin’ everyone’s thoughts.”

“No, I, um, that’s… well….”

Leaving her to it, she took a deep breath and tried again.

“I can only hear your thoughts.”

“You what?”

I hadn’t said it loudly or anything, or at least didn’t mean to, but she shrank back anyway. “I, um, it’s only you. I only hear your thoughts.”

“Why’s that then?”

“W-what?”

Rubbing my chin, I felt a yawn tickling the back of my brain. Monday wasn’t a good day for thinking. “Is it you have to stare at ‘em, or you have to bump into ‘em, or touch something of theirs? There’s gotta be a reason if it’s not everyone.”

“No, I, I don’t know.”

“Come off it. If it was me, I’d try everythin’ ‘til I knew. You telling me you’ve got no clue why it’s me? None at all?”

Though I wasn’t looking at her, I could see her—kind of. Her reflection weakly came off the window. So, I watched as she tucked her head right down, her lips trembling, hands fidgeting, and felt like the biggest twat. Where did I get off pushing my super hero fantasies on her.

I took a moment to hate myself a bit more, and then turned around, an apology on my lips. “I’m sor—”

“I like you.”

She said it without stuttering, in a quiet but strong voice. She didn’t look at me, she still looked like a tomato, but she had gone and said it. “You what?”

Her eyes glanced at me over the top of her glasses, only to retreat down again. She brought her arms close to her side, fingers woven, knees pressed together, as though trying to be small enough to disappear. “I like you,” she whispered.

I couldn’t help but ask, “Even after hearin’ what I think to myself?”

Her hands squeezed each other, and the tremble to her lips stopped. “I’m afraid of the dark,” she said. “And lightning. I hate football. I don’t know who Professor X is. I didn’t break my neighbour’s window, but I picked her flowers one day, and hid them in my closet when my mum asked me if I knew about them and I just knew I would get in trouble if I told her. I feed my peas to the dog when no one’s looking, and I have to cover them in ketchup if I eat at someone else’s house.”

She hadn’t taken much of a breath to begin with, growing almost desperate at the end to get as many words out as she could before running out. Now, she sounded like she’d run a lap of the field, heaving and slightly swaying. And then, she staggered.

“Easy there,” I said, grabbing her shoulder.

She trembled. “I’m sorry,” she said, soft and gentle.

Steady now, I let go of her. “It’s fine.”

“No, it’s not. It’s really, really, *really* not.”

Well, it obviously had nothing to do with me, so I didn’t say anything. She smiled, and then a tear ran down her cheek, quickly wiped away by her sleeve. I could’ve used that mind-reading power myself, really.

“I just wanted to know what you were thinking, and it just happened,” she whispered. “And, I couldn’t stop. I liked you and I liked hearing you.”

“Why d’you even like me in the first place?”

She weakly giggled, bringing a hand up to rub her nose. She sniffled, too, and then shrugged. “I dunno. Like, I just do? Do I need a reason?”

“Nah, guess not.”

Nothing had gone anything like I’d expected. But, I couldn’t say it had gone badly.

“It’s fine,” I said again.

“No, it’s—”

I stopped her with a hand on her shoulder, giving her a light squeeze. She looked up at me, then, red eyes through the black frame of her glasses. “You seem nice enough,” I said. “So, I don’t mind if you listen in. Just, don’t get upset if it’s somethin’ you don’t wanna hear, yeah?”

“D-don’t you hate me?”

Letting go of her, I shrugged. “Don’t know you well enough to hate you.”

She smiled, but she tried not to, her expression squirming about. “Okay.”

“You know, if lightning scares you, music helps. Turn it up until you can’t hear anything else,” I said. After a second, I added, “Well, don’t go deaf or anything.”

“Thanks, I’ll try that next time,” she quietly said.

I patted her shoulder and gave her a smile. “See you around.”

“Later,” she said, smiling back.

Heading quickly down the stairs, feet drumming, I thought: Maybe mind-readers weren’t so scary after all.