It was a Tuesday morning. Just like any other morning, I went to work by riding my bike through the cold weather. It was raining today. It's always cold this time of year, so the rain was just that much worse. Thankfully the rain wasn't very thick, it was more of a light mist at times, and sometimes a few thick droplets.

I stopped at a local establishment, in order to procure some coffee. It's very cold today, so I had hoped to warm my hands and face with a hot cup of coffee. I noticed an older man, bald, maybe in his 50's, in a sopping wet suit and tie, staring daggers at me from the corner. What appeared to be a newspaper was on the table, with some reading glasses set atop it, and a black flat top brimmed circular hat hanging from the corner of the chair. He sipped his coffee and stared at me. I noticed an umbrella propped against the wall next to him, with his briefcase next to it.

Quickly he slammed his hand into the table, grabbed his belongings, and stormed out of the front door. The bell on the door made a very loud and quick jingle as it opened, he placed his hat atop his head, and he quickly slammed the door on his way out.

This man wasn't unusual, as this coffee shop usually sees it's fair share of visitors. His appearance was different than people who live in this area, and his demeanor showed he was very edgy and untrusting of strangers. I paid this no mind, and went along my morning business.

----------

I arrive at the office 2 minutes early, only to be greeted by my boss, who quickly took my jacket and hung it on the wet coat rack by the door, then I brushed shoulders with the man from the coffee shop. He was still wearing his coat, which was also drenched in rain. How did he get here before me, did he walk I wondered quietly.

Out loud he spoke abruptly, "I noticed you in the coffee shop. I saw your face in the company brochure, so I recognized that I needed to be here at this time."

Phew I thought, he was simply trying to make it to work on time to greet us. I wonder who he is.

Out loud he spoke abruptly again, this time cutting off my mid thought. "I also noticed you ride your bike, we'll be needing to get you proper transportation to work. A young person like you could catch cold in this weather."

I thought to myself, how could he know wh-.

Just as quickly as I pondered who he was, he interrupted my thoughts yet again. "I'm here to hire you away from your current job" he said as he smiled at me. This smile was intimidating.

"Who are you?" I ask abruptly. He clearly already knew what I would ask, as he turned his head, took off his hat placing it on a... what appeared to be a newly installed hat rack, completely jammed with the same type of hat. "Come with me," he responded as he led me to the conference room.

----------

I find the conference room chairs full of sopping wet strangers still wearing their coats. Why are they all covered in water? Do none of them have cars?

"Please, sit down" said a new stranger at the head of the table. This stranger stands up and looks at me distinctly. He was dressed in roughly the same attire as the first man I encountered, but he had a distinctly different tone to his mannerisms. 

He gently moves my head back and forth up and down, looking at my jawline, my ears, my eyes, my mouth, my nose, and around the entirety of my head. His eyes felt like they burned my skin. It was very unsettling.

"What are you doing" I asked, knowing nothing of their intents. He walks over to the first man I encountered, and touches him on the shoulder, only to leave the room, and the head of the table empty.

By this point I'm extremely wary. They all sit there and begin staring at me, for what feels like an eternity.

Do they know? How could they know? Are they like me? Who are they? Am I in danger? Should I esc-

"No need. We would find you again" thought the original man from before, now sitting next to me at the table. When did he sit down? Wasn't there another person sitting there when I walked in the room?

"We are, like you. We hear things that we shouldn't. We learn things that we shouldn't. We hear things, see things, and know things that we shouldn't. We are, unique. Like you." the man thought.

"Oh shit," I thought as quietly as I could. A woman on the far end of the table started laughing. "Hes embarrassed" she said out loud. "It's not every day he gets a new job offer" she spoke abruptly after, and my boss seemed to take this as the reason for them sizing me up. I knew better. I knew what they are.

"What do you want from me?" I thought loudly. A man from the middle of the table thought, "We need your services, like any employee you can either work or be unemployed. It's not every day we meet another. You either work, or we ruin your life. It's that simple" he thought loudly, in an almost menacing tone.

With that thought, I had three revelations. Not only do they KNOW I read thoughts, but they also read thoughts, and they want me to read thoughts for them. The very notion, threats aside, seemed quite appealing.

"What sort of job do you need me to do" I spoke aloud, in order to keep the audible dialogue flowing normally. "We need consulting work done, you see. We're a group of consultants. We advise businesses, where the profits are to be had. We also noticed you scored a perfect score on your SAT tests, you graduated college with perfect attendance and perfect grades, as well as helped run a small business with your family for many years, until your mother took ill" said the original man out loud. "We can cure her" he thought loudly.

I about fell out of my chair, at the thought. The reason I ride my bike, was due to me paying for medical bills for my mother. The cheap rent apartment I have to pay for, in order to provide the hospital care for her. The debt is gigantic. "We can eliminate your debt" he thought again.

The woman who spoke earlier began again, "We found you through our employee outreach program. The psychological tests weren't just for show, we genuinely believe you are a perfect candidate for this job." Oh they're from the parent company, which means this man is... 

"I'm the owner of this entire west coast" thought the man. The very thought sent chills down my spine. He just knew everything, down to the very last detail. He knew everything. It was terrifying. It was so full of truth and sincerity in his thought, that he knew this to be true. Yet there he was, in my normal coffee shop, to greet me of all people.

"We own a large portion of the stock in the parent company to this one, which means we can shift employees when necessary to new positions. This is a large promotion to corporate." the clear leader said.

"What is your name?" I said out loud curiously. He responded in thought, "You can call me, Sir." Out loud he spoke, "You can call me John, but my full name is John Smith."

At a loss for thoughts and words, I realized I was outclassed here in every way. Money, power, planning, anticipation, and everything else I could imagine. I've been played somehow.

John thought, "Leave us." The entire board room left, including my original boss. Did he know, or was he following some instruction?

"He sat there, sipping his coffee, watching you day by day. Not having any clue that you could read his thoughts. Manipulating his opinions on subjects, by hearing his thoughts and counter opinions. Altering his perceptions of the world around him, by using his own thoughts like a weapon against him." John thought loudly. "It's actually baffling how long it took him. He's always been a dunce, even when it comes to reading thoughts. That's why he's where he is, and why you're going where you will be going" he continued. "He spotted you though, you're not as good as you think at hiding it. He watched you for months to be sure you were worth our time."

"I don't know what to say." I responded in thought. John abruptly responded out loud, "Be at the at the address in the envelope by 8 am SHARP next Monday, more instructions will be presented to you." John slid a set of keys to me, which appeared to be 4 keys. John then slid a small bag and an envelope into my hand, now on his feet leaning over the table looking at me. "Here's some spending cash, your plane ticket, and a cellphone. Don't lose it." he said. I responded out loud, "Why four keys?" He then said, "2 for your apartment, and 2 for your car" as he walked out of the board room leaving me there alone.

My car?

----------

I walked out of the board room into the hallway with my new belongings, and noticed one hat was still on the hat rack. I stared at it like it wasn't even supposed to be there. Like some sort of ominous presence that appeared into this simple life, and is now remaining. "I didn't imagine what just happened, this is real" I said out loud to myself, as I took the hat into my hand. I looked down the hallway, placed it upon my head, and threw on my jacket from the nearby coat rack, as I walked out the front door.

I couldn't help but wonder again, why were they all sopping wet?