"It worked!" I cried.  
"What di-- Hey!" the demon looked up, finally realizing it had been summoned. "What-- where am I? Who are you?!"  
A grin spread across my face as I made the demon aware of my power over it, "I am the great Driguchalah, demon, and I have summoned you to this realm and bound you to my service, for I require a large load to be carried."  
"Are you kidding me?! I'm not a demon," it said, "and I'd be surprised if I could lift a quarter of my own weight!"  
"Of course you're a demon," I replied, "you're standing caught in the middle of a dark magic summoning ritual! If you're going to lie, at least lie convincingly."  
The demon looked at the candles and chalk surrounding it.  
"Okay, maybe I am, but I'm not doing jack for an asshole in a pointy hat. Smell ya later, loser," it said before running into the ward.  
"Fool!" I laughed, "Did you not hear when I said you are--" the demon, with some effort, powered through, and my control dragged the corners of my mouth down with it. " . . . caught?"  
"Oh, don't look so shocked that I walked out of *that*," said the suddenly free demon, "I mean, just look at it! That's got to be the shittiest pentagram I've ever seen! A two-year-old could draw straighter lines, and the circle isn't even lined up right!"  
"But . . . the summoning!" I said as I slowly backed off. "It worked just as it should!"  
"Bull. Shit," the demon asserted. "You wanted a demon to lift heavy stuff, and you got one with arms like THIS!" it pointed with one unimpressive arm to the other. "Look at all the muscle tone I don't have! Hell, with *that* stupid circle I'm surprised you didn't summon a lemon! You used inferior magic, and you got an inferior seal that couldn't keep in an inferior demon! Hey . . . " it stopped yelling and put a scheming look on its face, "there's an idea . . . ."  
"What?" I asked warily, not wanting to be surprised by whatever the loose piece of Hell did next.  
It was the demon's turn to grin, "I'm going to rub it in your face how much you suck at summoning demons by banishing myself home with an inferior exorcism."  
"An . . . inferior exorcism?"  
"Yes," it continued, turning its attention back to the object in its hand, "I'm going to use a bell without a clapper, a book without ink, and a candle without a flame, a wick, or wax."  
The demon took a few moments to touch various points on the surface of its object before facing me again while making a strange gesture with its free hand.  
"Thank God for the cell phone," it said, tapping its object a final time.  
*Brrrrrrrrrrriiiii*--  
 . . .   
I collected my candles and erased my markings.

---

--*iiiiiing*  
"It worked!" I cried.  
I hadn't really expected it to work.