I wasn't worried when I first heard Leonardo DiCaprio was nominated *again* for best actor at the 2016 Oscars. He thinks he’s so clever, but he can’t fool me, can’t fool *us*. Though he has changed his appearance, we’re positive he’s the same warlock we’ve been fighting for as long as I’ve lived, and longer than that. We are an ancient sect, part of an order that has sworn to deny that atrocious warlock of ever obtaining an Academy Award trophy, at any cost, even our own lives. While some may have concluded that the trophy is made up of 24-karat gold plating on their surface, it’s their inner metal alloy mix that is his concern. The main metal mixture is called Britannium, an alloy of mostly tin, antimony, and copper. Unbeknown to most humans, there is another trace element called *malinium* that can **only** be found in these trophies. Why is that? Simple. The Paladins removed all traces of malinium centuries ago from the earth’s core. That is why most humans do not know of its existence. It hasn’t become detected yet, and hopefully it never will. If it does, fear not, for the only way that swine can harness its powers is for him to have it given to him willingly. That is why he is so hell-bent on winning the award; the spell cast upon the trophy seals the malinium safely away from his treacherous claws, which is unless he wins it. He thought he destroyed us all, but we remain. We are healers. Mostly we work in healthcare, healing the sick. There aren’t many of us left. Those of us that survived have scattered ourselves around the world. We will not make the same mistake again. We cannot let our identities be known, nor can we have our traditional meetings for fear of all being in the same place, being discovered and destroyed for good. The warlock has become complacent. He believes that it is only a matter of time before he wins. He does not know that I will be there… It is my turn this year to prevent that evil spawn from gaining what he treasures above all else. I am a part of the Academy voters. If the Academy does not vote for another actor, it is my sole duty to expunge the true results and fabricate my own. It may seem like a risky job, and it is, but I’m confident that I shall continue my order’s purpose. It is too terrifying to consider the alternative, for if I were to fail, the entire world will end as we all know it. Failure is not an option. 