It was nearing the end of autumn in Berlin. I decided it was finally time to go seek help and find the cause of my delusions. I decide to start making my way from my home to the local hospital which is right across the neighborhood. It's a pretty new hospital and it specializes in the newest elctroshock therapy techniques. I look outside my window, and see the large hospital behind the houses, glowing orange from the setting sun, with some of the sunlight being reflected off the attic windows. I go outside and make my way to the hospital. 


As I approach the courtyard, I am greeted by the sign "Geisteskrankes Asyl von Deutschland" right above the arch leading to the courtyard. It means "asylum for the mentally ill in Germany".
I recall seeing the crooked fountain in the middle of the courtyard, with its intricate design engraved in the stone. All that was left was the dirty water pooled inside the fountain from the rain. I enter the building, and make my way to the front. "I would like to see the doctor". I said to the receptionist. I was told to make my way to the doctor's room to the left. I waited inside the room, waiting for Edward to come. Edward was an old doctor I remember seeing from my prior visits. He knows me quite well, but it's been a while since I last saw him. "Well hello there Albert, how can I be of help?" I recall his thick German accent from before. "You see, I've been, uh, I've been *seeing* things. Things I don't think are real." 

"Like what? Paranormal?"

"That, and perhaps objects and places too". "Hmm, that sounds odd, but I've dealt with many cases like this before. Take a seat in this chair."

I was strapped on what I believe was a dentist's chair. I heard the sound of a drill. 

"Why the dentist chair? What are you going to do? What's the drill for? What're you doing!?" 

"Calm down, this will be quick"

I felt a sharp pain. Nothing. I went black. That was all I could remember. I then awoken by a female voice. "Good morning Mr. Johnson, are you feeling okay?"

I looked around and saw that I was in a much different room, which was much brighter, cleaner, and nicer.
"Uhh, yeah, where am I? What happened?"

"I understand you may be a bit disoriented. You fell and hit your head"

"What? When?"

"Yesterday, you were unconscious for a while"

"I don't remember any of that. Where's Edward, and what was the drill for?"

"Who's Edward? What drill?"

"The doctor? He strapped me to the chair?" 

"Hold on, the doctor will be with you shortly"

She left to the other room where I can overhear her and someone else conversing. I couldn't make out what they were saying, but heard them mention something about the operation. A man walks in. "Hi Albert, it seems you are a bit disoriented, why don't you take a rest?"


"I just woke up! Where is Edward? Which hospital am I in? What is going on? "

"I don't know who Edward is, it may be something you were dreaming about, but this is the Berlin Victor hospital. "

"What? I thought I went to the Berlin Sanatorium?" 

The doctor paused for a second and realized my age and what I was talking about. 

"Oh, the old West wing." The Soviets burned it down 27 years ago in 1945. I suppose you may be having flashbacks to it when it existed? 

It all makes sense now. I must've been having flashbacks to a time when I visited the hospital when I was dreaming. 

"Yeah, that's probably it. Do you remember anyone named Edward who worked here? "

"I don't know, because I didn't work here that long ago. Perhaps you could contact the administration and see?"

"I'll try and see"

I closed my eyes and went back to sleep.

I was then jolted awake by the decaying sound of the drill. 

"That wasn't so bad, ja?",

said Edward.