I could barely breathe up here. Every step deeper into this attic made a yet another billowing cloud of dust. The walls were invisible, behind the mountains of boxes that littered the room. Waving to clear the air, I finally spotted what I was looking for. A small white box, simply labelled "Silverware". Walking over, I gently removed it from its perch, and brought it back downstairs.

As I walked down the rickety steps, I looked once more at the pictures of Grandma that covered the walls. She had been living alone since gramps passed away, with only a caretaker to keep her company as her mind deteriorated from schizophrenia. Now that she was gone as well, it was entrusted to me to clean up the house. We hadn't been too close, but I still felt a pang of regret for not keeping in touch with her more often. That was probably why I tripped and fell.

"Shit!" The box had torn open in the fall, and the utensils clanged as they scattered across the floor. Groaning, I got up and resigned myself to start picking them all up.

"Finally. It's about time."

I whirled around to find the source of the voice, but an empty hallway was the only thing ahead of me. Slowly, I grabbed the closest thing at hand, a silver butter knife.

"Hey! Hey you! Down here!"

Had someone broken into the house? I was sure I had locked the door, but maybe they had snuck in after I finished cleaning the first floor.

"Stop messing around and say something already." The voice came from... everywhere. Like it was inside my head.

"Who's there? Show yourself!"

"Whoa, easy there buddy. I'm glad you got me out of there, but we're not in that kind of relationship. Can you ease up on the grip?"

I glanced down at my hand. My knuckles had gone white, my fingers locked around the handle. "Get out of my house! I'm not afraid to use this knife."

A brief pause, then a sigh. "Just my luck. I got a slow one. I *am* the knife."

I looked down at my hand again. "What?"

"Yeah, yeah, let's get this part over with. I'm a magic talking knife, you're the king of Great Britain, we're going to fight monsters and defeat evil."

"What? You're the knife?"

The voice took an impatient tone. "Look, it's not that complicated. You can call me Excalibur."

"Excalibur? Like the King Arthur Excalibur?"

"That's the one."

"But... you're a butter knife."

"All right, so I admit I had a little setback. Nothing to worry about, really. We just need to make a pact, and I'll be good as new."

I turned over my hand, to look at it more closely. The handle was ornate filigree, the edge slightly serrated. It really did seem like an ordinary butter knife.

"A pact?"

"You know, like a contract. A covenant. A promise. I swear to never harm you and stay by your side til death, you swear to fight evil and become the king of Great Britain. It's like we're getting married."

"I know what a pact is! Just slow down, I can't do that! First, we're not even in Britain, we're in the United States. Second, fight evil? What exactly does that even mean? And finally, you're a talking butter knife, I'm clearly going insane. Shit, is schizophrenia hereditary?"

"Yes, but that's not the important part right now. The pressing issue is that I can't just make a pact with anyone."

"Because you don't have legs?"

"Nobody important needs legs! Anyway, it's because there are four conditions that have to be met. The person needs to be of the bloodline stemming from Arthur, the previous wielder needs to be dead, and they need to accept the pact of their own free will. Just jab me in your finger to get a little blood flowing, I'll say the words, and it'll be done."

"Uhh, I'll pass on that one. I can't be forced into it? What happens if I say no?"

"Then I'll have to stay and wait wherever you put me, until you have some kids. Though if you always act like this, maybe that'll take a while."

"Hey! I thought you wanted me to help. I've made up my mind, I think that-" My retort was interrupted by a loud crash from below, as if the door had been broken open. Frantically, I looked back at the knife. "What the hell did you do?"

"Oh boy. That's not me. My awakening must've tipped them off."

"Them? Who?" I hissed. The sounds below had gotten louder. I could hear my grandmother's heirloon vases being smashed as whoever was down there went through the room.

"Well, remember how I said you'd need to fight evil? Looks like evil has found us. They likely used teleportation magic, if they've gotten here so soon."

"Magic? You mean I have an evil wizard trying to kill me and all I have is a butter knife? I'm calling the police."

"Believe me, the police won't be able to do a thing. Look, we have to make the pact now. I got sidetracked, there's one more thing I forgot to mention."

"Oh, just one?"

"Now's not the time for that. I said there were four conditions, right? The fourth is that the wielder must have a righteous heart. One that makes them the true king. That's you, bud."

"Shit. Shit. Shit. I'm so dead." Another crash, this time more of a boom, reverberated through the hall. The heat hit soon afterwards, and the smell of burning carpets filled the air.

The knife spoke up again. "That sounded like a fireball. We'd better hurry this along... actually, you haven't given me your name yet, have you?"

I looked at the knife incredulously. "Thomas! It's Thomas! Screw that, let's get out of here!"

A new voice startled me. "No, Thomas, I don't think you'll be doing that." Looking back up, an older man was now standing at the end of the hall, blocking any chance I had of escape. His lean figure and long, blue coat stood out against the flames that flickered from the stairs behind him. In his hands, he was holding a slender, long, and very deadly looking katana.

For the first time since we had met, I felt a touch of fear coming from Excalibur's voice.

"Do it. Now. You don't stand a chance against him. That sword is Clarent. The Sword of Peace. The one wielded by the traitor Mordred. The weapon that slew King Arthur."

Before my mind had reached a decision, my hands had already moved. The trickle of blood that flowed down my fingers gave a brief respite from heat of the air. Once more, Excalibur spoke, and the man charged.