"Pressure?" I asked.

"I'm not detecting any changes," said William. "Atmospheric pressure same as it's ever been. Why do even bother checking?"

My patience was wearing thin as well, but it was important I didn't show that to William. "Lieutenant, unless you have a better way of getting off this rock, we're going to continue following the habitable zone until we find something we can use."

Our recon vessel had crash landed on the planet a few months ago. It had a narrow habitable zone that was constantly moving as the planet rotated. Since then, we'd settled into a rhythm. Every few days, we scouted as far into the habitable zone as we could looking for anything we could use as fuel to get us out of here. At this point, the colony ship would already have made it to New Earth. We just needed to catch up and rejoin our families.

William sighed but didn't respond. "Temperature's rising. We should turn back."

"Not yet. We have a few more miles before our engines overheat," I said.

We continued flying in silence, with William continuing to monitor readings.

"Wait," said William. "Take a look at this."

William's screen was a mess of numbers and graphs "I'm not sure what I'm seeing."

"Radiation. *Massive* amounts of it," said William.

"Take the ship down," I said.

"Are you serious?" asked William. "There's enough radiation down there to fry us alive."

"That's exactly what I'm hoping for," I said. Radiation meant there was probably something we could use. For the first time since we'd crashed, I felt hopeful.

Karen, our navigator, piloted the ship as low as we could without suffering permanent damage. "Get me a visual," I said.

A screen flickered to life. There was a massive structure below, but I couldn't quite make it out. "Take us lower."

Karen looked at me hesitantly. "We'll only be there for a few minutes," I said. "We don't have a choice."

We descended until the figure on the screen became clear.

All three of us stared at the screen.

The good news? We had definitely found something that would serve as a fuel source.

The bad news? It was the colony ship. It had crashed as well. And unlike us, they hadn't been lucky enough to land in the habitable zone.