He stared at his creation, unsure about how the cobbling together of dirt and what little stone he could find would come to qualify as an esteemed temple of a god. He began to wonder about what you need to make a temple, a temple. mustering images of gold and ivory, of grand cathedrals, and of monuments to the heavens themselves, their very essence born of beauty and worship. 
And then looked back at his glorified mud-hut.
He felt ashamed. 

He turned and began to walk away from he considered his pitiful attempt before a voice behind him called out. "Belief."
He turned to see a creature not of this world, but not threatening, it looked like an imp that had gotten his act together and was perched sitting atop the structure the man had built rather than in it.
It spoke with a dull high pitch tone that seemed to carry
more gravitas than it should. "Belief is what makes a temple, my boy!" The man stared in equal measures awe and terror and wanted to ask and say so much that he couldn't begin to think of where to begin "Well come on now, I'd say that God gave you a tongue but I wouldn't want him going and taking all the credit." "Who... who?" the imp sighed and rubbed his eyes with his fingers "I suppose one word at a time is better than nothing." 
"Who are you?" 
"Not sure my boy, that's up to you lot really, I simply know 'what' I am." 
"well then please tell me... what are you?" 
"An Assumption my dear boy." "I don't understand?" The imp knocked the top of the structure  "when you built this here, you set out to build a temple, and as I have told you before, belief really is the secret ingredient to this whole thing." 
the man couldn't help but be taken aback by how the imp seemed to talk about the very fabric of his world as though it were a pastry dish. "make no mistake my boy, you have crafted a temple 
today, but more importantly was your belief in crafting it, you assumed that by having a temple that a god would follow as well, a strange belief, but yet, you did believe it. The issue here my boy is that while I may be a god, I am a god born out of your assumption."
"Are you saying that your the... god of assumptions?" 
"I mean I might be 'A' god of assumptions, you people have been around a long time this might not be the first time this has happened you know..." 
"What is the meaning of life!" 
the man shouted as he couldn't contain his thirst for answers long enough. "Bloody hell! not even a little bit of foreplay?" "Please..." The man yearned for the explanation that so many asked for and yet would never be able to know the true answer of. "Well I think
everyone probably gets to decide that for themselves. Don't you my boy?"
The man thought about the imps answer and smiled, he was content with the supposed deity's response. 
"what happens after I die?"
"well I assume they'll bury your body somewhere" 
"what I mean is; is there an afterlife?" 
"Well I've never died my boy, so I'm really not an  expert on it." The man seemed frustrated but knew better then to voice his annoyance. 
"Are there other gods?"
"Well I'd assume there are, I mean you lot do seem to have written an awful lot of books on this subject matter, it would be a bit silly if they were ALL just rubbish wouldn't it?" The man felt strangely silly for asking and then asked it: 
"What should I do then?"
"about what?" retorted the imp. 
"In life I mean, what should I be doing with my life?"
"well I think asking me that's probably cheating my dear boy." The man now knew that the imp wasn't going to make any of this easy for him. Knowing that this would take time and remembering his hospitality which had been lost to the surge of wonder crashing through him he asked the imp the only thing
that would spring to his mind: 
"Do you want to have tea at mine?"
"Tea...?" 
"Yes, I uh. umm..." 
"I'm supposed to be a god don't you think I've probably drank things beyond measurement in both flavor and fulfillment?" 
"I'm sorry of course you wouldn't want tea I just..."
"Don't be ridiculous. of course I want Tea." The Imp pushed himself from the top of the hut and landed with an impact as though he has simply jumped from the ground itself and began walking. "Come on now my dear boy, don't you think a god might have a busy schedule..." 