The room's runes glowed with such warding powers that the candles only served the purpose of spell ingredients.  I paused the game, I was already at a pay point anyway having died multiple times because I needed the sword of Amecles to kill Hexigron and $3.99 was not in today's budget.  

I made a step backwards in shock only to be thrown forward, a second bump on my forehead threw me back. I noticed the chaos symbol on the ceiling, it was surrounded by two vipers swallowing each others tails to make a circle.     

The sound of louboutin's coming down announced her arrival, her skin almost radiated with her beauty. Enticing beauty, an attractiveness that seduced and corrupted all that stared at it for too long, the kind that would tempt a man to eat an apple he'd specifically been told not to by someone who could create galaxies.  

"Victoorrrr...." she purred out. A finger ran across my shoulders, then down my spine.    

"What do you want Lucy?"  

"Nothing."  

"Nothing?"   

"Not yet anyway, today I want to give you something."   

"I'm not interested in what you're selling."  

"Oh I'm sure you are, and would you turn around who gets summoned facing the wrong way?"    

I spun to face an altar in front of it was a silver throne cast in the image of men kneeling. Lucy sat on the back of one, the armrests being the arms of two men standing.   

"You're sure you wouldn't be interested in anything I have to offer?"  

"I'm sure."  

"Not even this?" she lifted up a small test tube, it glowed bright blue, the faces on her throne shifted their gaze as she waved it in the air. Even they knew what she held.  

My mouth hung open. I could feel the essence calling me, pleading it needed to be back home. She flung it to the floor and as it shattered it made it's way to me. My lungs filled with life, cloudy eyesight cleared and my heart raced faster as she waved her hands and I found my self back in my apartment. The doorway to heaven started to form. At last my ascendance.      

As I soaked it all in my back stiffened.  She gave me something she knew I couldn't pay for. She was trying to get more than a favor from me. She was trying to earn loyalty. She would have to come calling some day. What scared Lucifer so badly she needed to make allies?    
     
      
*** 

You can read more of my stories at /r/pagefighter.  


  