I sat and reflected on all They had told me, shown me. It was all perfect now. All of it. I was sitting in the middle of a paradise. I shifted on the incredible, soft pillow now caressing the pressure points of my rear end. I closed my eyes to better process what I had seen, what I had heard since my Awakening.

The smells of the air were delicious, a mix of fabulous food and delicate blossoms. I didn't appreciate them at this moment. The strains of music floating on that same breeze did not move me, the awe they had inspired at first now held no power over my mind.

I sat, pondering. As if summoned by the heaviness of my thoughts, one of Them approached, on feet clad in the softest of shoes, announced by the faint scuff of toe on polished flooring. They coughed, politely announcing Themselves and Their desire to communicate. Full of innocence, curiosity and concern, They spoke to me, asking about my withdrawal, my silence, my rejection.

"I am unhappy." The simple sentence could not convey the depth of my thoughts, the turbulence of my heart.

They were genuinely confused. "What? Why? Everything is perfect!"

My eyes did not open, my slumped posture did not change. It was true, yet also untrue. They had not accounted for one thing. My reply was short. 

"Everything but me."

Ending 1: 
That moment began my reign of terror. I would remake this world, would destroy it, remold it. For better? No. For Change. None of Them would ever understand how They were killing me with the monotony of Perfection. I would be the Teacher of Change.

Ending 2:

The perfect being regarded me with a mixture of pity and empathy.

"Of course."

I cracked open an eyelid, prepared to look upon Their perfectly symmetrical, sculpted face. My eyes focused instead on the strange instrument held in the perfect fingers.

The smooth, perfect voice was radiating with a soft love. "So now it's time to change that." 

Focused on the end of the instrument, I saw a light begin to intensify. I glanced into the being's loving eyes and understood my destruction now stood before me. They spoke one last time.

"Goodbye, we can't make you perfect. You must be removed."

