I lost my medical license a few years ago. At first I was a pediatric doctor. But I was quickly reminded how little I liked working with kids. Then a dentist, but that didn't suit my talents either. Finally after being caught in a malpractice suit while being a surgical residency, I had found my true passion.

I was terrible with the living, but the dead... The dead I could work with. But not burying them or doing autopsy work. Quite the opposite, actually.

I had discovered the hidden secrets of necromancy just prior to becoming interested in a medical profession. I thought it could solve so many problems with the fragility of life. But I learned fast the one loophole that I could not circumvent. Necromancy only worked on the dead. But after years of practice, I not only could raise the dead, I could heal their ailments, their broken and diseased bodies free of what brought on their demise, through my hand.

Ever since losing the ability to work legitimately, I now work more under the table. My clients mostly consist of accomplished doctors wanting to keep their procedure success rates high. They were paid a great deal because of it, and so was I. They would bring me folks they hadn't been able to save, or even ones they were too coked up to work on properly. In exchange, I got to live my passion and make a decent living while doing it.

The latest one was a doozy; drug problems, affairs, had even OD'd a few times. The doctor that is. The patient was a fit middle aged man, some kind of banker or something. He had been shot in a robbery gone wrong and my client was too out of it to even bother getting the bullet out. He died in the ICU of lead poisoning, but he was brought to me very quickly, so the work would be easy.

After he dropped of the body, I began to work. My case of various vials and tonics sat open on my workbench, my fingers dancing over them like a well-trained pianist. Finally the one for poisons was hovered over, then carefully plucked from its compartment.  I removed the offending bullet from his abdomen, can't make the same mistakes twice, now can we? After hooking up the artificial heart, I injected the black contents of the vial near his aorta and switched the machine on. I watched as the liquid spread throughout his veins, slowly clearing the latent poisons from his system. After I switched it off, I finally had a clean body to work with.

I brought out my worn book of incantations that had served me well in my pursuits. I flipped to the page that contained the more basic of spells to use. Since there was not much damage, it wouldn’t take a great deal of effort to fix. I gathered myself and placed my hand on his chest. Normally one needed various symbols and other focuses to perform the ritual, but once to you start getting good, those things just get in the way.

"Aranc, Arum, Kelthamor, Benac!" I shouted. His body began to tremor slightly. I repeated it again, beginning to feel is heart beat again. I began a 3rd attempt when I was interrupted by a knock at the door.

A short while later, I called my client. "I'm sorry, but there was nothing I could do" I lied. He protested, saying how, asking why, and demanding an explanation. "Let’s just say, someone wanted him to stay dead, and they were willing to pay more" I hung up in the middle of his vitriol filled response.

I turned to a woman in a slim black dress. She was zipping up his body bag and motioned for her assistant to take him to the truck. "Thank you. I hope you know this means more to me than the money he left for me."

"I would hope so, miss. I don't normally take counter offers, but yours was too high to refuse. Have a good evening, and don’t spend it all in one place."
