It was a perplexing sight, but one of great and unfortunate revelation. I just looked at our party, the villagers, everyone, celebrating Hiro as if he had struck the killing blow on this revolting mutation, as if he even wanted to come here. The damned thing was plaguing this quaint little farming community, kidnapping chickens and children, but this was too small time for him. He didn’t even want to stop in what he called a “small-minded agricultural hellhole.” We had bigger fish to fry, sure, with that psychopathic sorcerer attempting to invoke the spirits of the old gods to inhabit his body, possible plans of world domination, etcetera, but when has any group of adventurers ever not stopped to help out the little guy? It took a little lip service, but Sid and I finally convinced them it would be a good idea to stop, even if to restock on some goods and refuel on some merriment.

It was especially odd to see Sid praising Hiro after the battle, considering we did all the heavy lifting and he himself had launched me into the air to enable me to bring down the edge of my blade into the creature. He noticed me watching on from the distance as I used a rag to push the excess blood from our former foe’s heart onto the cold soil of the farm.

"It was a hard-fought battle, ey’ chum,” he said as he patted me firmly on the shoulder, “it’s a good thing we’ve been blessed with Hiro’s cunning.”

I couldn’t help but wince at the comment as I lifted the blade eye-level to assure I could see my reflection in my cleansed steel.

“Sure, Sid,” I neglected to make eye-contact in an attempt to keep down my lunch, “it was all Hiro. We’re all just fucking bystanders.”

Sid chuckled and uncomfortably stirred for a moment before nervously rubbing his hand on the back of his head.

“Aye, that’s not what I’m saying. But if he hadn’t decided to come here, these people would have been in trouble.

“No, Sid,” I said as I fought the urge to bury the blade into his thick skull, “we’re the reason we came here. Don’t you remember?”

We went back and forth for some time, debating what seemed to be such minor and obvious details. I reminded him of the stalemate we encountered attempting to get Hiro to adapt to our vision. Aside from the supplies and food, we required information. We lost our scent on the sorcerer days ago and the town potentially provided us with our only course of advancement. Hiro wanted nothing to do with it, but to not visit it was to remain in a total standstill; a purgatory of fighting the same meaningless battles and seeing the same previous townsfolk with a destiny of not moving forward at all.  We were destined to visit the town and both Sid and I knew that. Or so I thought. Sid’s recollection does not involve the hours of waiting and debating. He recalls our suggestion, Hiro’s willingness to pursue, and making it to town. It was as if time didn’t exist for him or the rest of the party, at least not as it did for me. Time was a construct of Hiro’s decisions, along with the team’s successes and failures. It was all Hiro or nothing.

“We’ll just agree to disagree,” I dismissed him to buy myself time to think, “I’ll just catch you later.”

It’s a weird feeling to realize you don’t matter, that your whole life is an auxiliary to someone who does. Who decided that he should matter more than me, that he should matter more than any of us? The decisions of one man dictate all our futures? I won’t stand for it. I refuse to accept it. I’d confront Hiro and tell him he has to change things. He has to make sure that everything that is done and everything that is decided is done so as a group. 

When the crowds and the party surrounding him dissipated I approached him. I couldn’t help but feel inferior to him as I came closer. Everything about him screamed importance, as if it needed to remind me or some outside watching that this was the man, the main man. He was outfitted with the best armor while the rest of us got the scraps he had outgrown. He had the best weapons and took account of all our money earned. I hated him more and more as I drew closer. I don’t want his fucking scraps anymore. I want the best blade and the best armor and I won’t settle for his damned hand-me-downs anymore.

“We have to talk, Hiro,” I said sternly, “I don’t know what’s going on here, but everyone treats you like the fucking king. We’re a damned team.”

“What do you mean, Dick,” he said flashing this sickening smile, “I value all your input. I couldn’t do it all without you!”

“Yes, yes. I, I, I….what the hell did you call me?” 

“Dick,” he told me confidently, “you didn’t forget your name did you?”

Was it my name? I couldn’t remember. I had memories of another name but they were hazy, as if they were covered in a thick fog and only the name “Dick” could be made out in the clouds. It felt like someone else was in control. They didn’t like that name so they gave me another. Everything I had to say to Hiro seemed to slip away and I stood there comatose.

“You seem a little fatigued, Dick,” he said with a pat on the shoulder, “we just met another swordsman in town with an interesting story. Maybe you could sit out a bit.”

I nodded and just took a seat in what I thought was an inn. When I looked up, I was inside a sterile room seating other adventurers I had vague memories of. We looked at each other with a blank familiarity and nodded. Then we just sat there and waited.
