Three months ago I had discovered the unimaginable.  In a perplexing twist of fate, I had somehow developed the ability to influence the emotions of those who were within a half-mile radius of my presence.  I remember the first day I discovered it as I was driving to work and irritated at the driver in front of me.  Suddenly, the entire roadway became a war-zone with people succumbing to the most violent fits of road rage I had ever seen.  Cars, trucks, semi's all started ramming each other causing a huge pileup on the interstate.  Just as soon as they had gotten violently angry they all had become irrationally afraid, just as I had felt as I was side-swiped by the car next to me.  It was as if everyone lost their God-damned mind at the same time and the shock of it all suddenly hit them.  

I started noticing other "coincidences" over the next few weeks.  If I was happy it seemed as everyone around me was euphoric.  Being sad became a burden as suicide rates would skyrocket if I felt down.  It took some time, but I was able to harness my emotions to ensure that I didn't cause another mass hysteria.  The only problem was that I no longer felt like I was able to live my own life.  I moved out to a remote location outside of town where I knew that my emotions would have less impact as it would in the city.  

It didn't take long, but the lack of contact with other people started to make me have...urges.  I don't want to say they were bad, but I just wanted to fit in with the rest of society.  I didn't ask for this ability so why should I have to bare the consequences?!?!  I always wanted to make the world a better place, and finally I thought of a way that I could do it anonymously.  I would take trips to the mall or sporting events where I could influence a lot of people and give them all the urge to charity.  Surely that would make it better, or so I had thought...

Two weeks into my experiment there was now a manhunt underway for me.  They didn't know who I was, but in my attempt to better this world I had bankrupted thousands of families creating wide-spread chaos.  Families could no longer afford to eat as they had given their worldly possessions to charity.  People were stealing food, fighting one another just to survive another day and eventually a state of emergency was declared which brought in the military and even the Justice League.  One little idea to make the world a better place and now our region is in complete disarray.  I've got the fucking Batman looking into this whole thing now.  I decided to stock up on goodies and go back to my home where I could stay out of the public eye for a while in hopes that things could calm down.  Sleep was hard come by as I suddenly had the military and Justice League breathing down my back.  I finally caved in and took some Ambien to help me rest for a change.

When I woke up, I had the feeling that I had slept for days.  I was extremely groggy and perhaps it was the Ambien but I didn't even feel like I was in my own home anymore.  The room looked completely foreign to me, and as I came to I realized that it was.  I was in a bare room with one screen and a communications box underneath.  

"You're finally awake, Dr. Chaos." claimed an unknown person through the box.  "Who the fuck is Dr. Chaos?" I asked.  "It was a name given to you by the media once you were apprehended.  Your little game destroyed the lives of tens of thousands of people resulting in thousands of deaths and a fiscal emergency the likes we've never seen.  It took me a while to identify you, but thanks to the technology from my Batcave I was able to triangulate your location based off the times and locations of the incidents.  I had to keep my distance, but the tranquilizer dart I hit you with rendered you defenseless and we then kept you in a medically-induced coma until we were able to move you to a facility where it could be assured you'd never hurt another person again."  The Batman caught me, I couldn't fucking believe it.  I guess the guy is a master detective, after all.  "So what does that mean for me?" I asked.  "You'll be staying in this room for the rest of your life.  You were found guilty of 2nd degree murder for over 1,000 people and I have built robots to ensure that your thoughts never affect another human being for as long as you live.  You'll be given your meals and your time out of the room, but it's all automated.  It'll give you a lot of time to think about what you chose to do." replied Batman.  

So here I am, sitting in my own island of loneliness after coming into some stupid powers that I had never asked for.  My intentions were not to harm, but that had happened anyway.  I had nothing left.  I had nobody left.  It was just me and the fake humans.  Over time I learned to get by without human contact, but I have to admit that I missed the gentle touch of another person.  The laugh of someone hearing my jokes, the genuine anger that another person could make you feel.  

It was about 3 months into my life sentence when I began to write a letter to society to apologize for all the harm I had done.  I never meant to cause any harm, I truly didn't.  As I was lamenting on my decisions and what could have been, one of the fauxmens came in to give me my food.  Facing my past decisions left me feeling the saddest I have felt in what felt like my entire life, as if a giant black cloud had formed over me and would never leave.  As I turned to take the food, I noticed the robot was moving slower than usual and appeared to be off.  The robots didn't express emotions, but there was something definitely wrong with this robot.  Maybe, just maybe, with enough concentration on my emotions I could end up getting out of this place after all...