  Hell was neither a pit of fire nor a lair of torture performed by the demonic entities prescribed for fear by the religious tutors of so many cultures around the world. The temperatures did not burn skin though they were not to say, comfortable by any means. It was a temperature akin to that of a Pennsylvanian summer, more humid than hot. There were no great beasts and no three headed dogs. Nobody named Hades or Lucifer greeted you, and under no circumstance was it a place for sinners. Hell, ultimately, was the time between the moments life left you and death greeted you, all condensed into your lifetime displayed on a square box no bigger than a microwave. 							
   This process of time, which varied for all, fell now to Roland Connors, a thirty-five-year-old who had lived his life in abject dejection. 										When he had first turned on the small TV, grainy, almost unreadable letters appeared in Comic Sans font, much to the annoyance of Roland, who had been a graphic designer before the gun in his night stand became an appealing appetizer to death. 								
   It read simply: “Here you watch your life unfold, from beginning to end, until you are sold. Heaven may take you, hell may forsake you, but here is where you will stay, listening to what others have to say” The rhyme was followed by a bright flash and then several long piercing beeps, like that of an emergency warning, except a bit shorter and more loud. Then, the TV came to life and Roland watched in horror as the doctors removed him from the belly of his dead mother, who lay there with bleary white eyes, her legs stiff and raised on the hospital bed. 							“What an ugly baby” came the thought of the doctor who removed him. 				She hadn’t been wrong of course. His big nose and squashed features made him look more like a bulldog than a human. 
												
  Then, he watched as his father looked at his baby self, weeks later, cursing him for killing the love of his life. Roland stood and stared as his father yelled at him when he cried, ignored him as he cried, and at times shook him, each time revealing thoughts of abandoning him and smothering him. 		
   His life continued much like that- people choosing either abandonment or smothering. His first kiss, unbeknownst to him but no shown, had been a sick joke by a girl who had feigned a crush on him to fit into a group of popular kids. 											His first sex experience, when he had almost accidentally slipped into, had been from a drunk girl at a house party. Roland now learned that during the act, she had planned on killing herself the next morning, and that for an ugly man, “He sure had a big dick”. 							
   The string continued, with his first girlfriend finding him unattractive but good in bed, and that every time he finished, unknown to poor Roland who would vanish off to sleep, would immediately take a shower and call her best friend, and then her parents, as if it absolved her of her deed. 			
   With years and years passing by, Roland eventually watched as he got his design job, winning over the interviewer with his obvious skill and GPA he had achieved from UCLA. Revealed to him, in the same Comic Sans font, was that the man was desperate for a hire and hadn’t particularly been keen to him at all. Through this same man, Roland learned of the hateful comments spat about him from behind closed doors and around corners by the staff he worked for since he had gotten the job at twenty-seven. 	By the time forty-seven years had passed- displayed to Roland through a single time stamp on the right hand corner of the TV, and he had heard decades’ worth of verbal abuse and sarcastic pity, he saw himself moments before his death, take the gun he had bought two years prior, and load it with careful patience. Then, without even a pause, he blew his brains out all over his bedroom. 			
   Yet now, he could see what the world thought of his final action, a commentary he was sure to be the same.
 													   
   But instead of a string of co-workers, clients, family and past girl-friends, the TV just went to black with a simple message “Transmission over” and as Roland felt his body fading and his mind melting into nothingness, he realized with the last ounce of thought left to him, that his entire life people had done nothing but speak ill of him but in the end, nobody had said a word or reacted at all. 		
  Then, Roland disappeared and like the life he had led on earth, not a single moment was affected because of it. 