At age 1, you could already read and speak, and paralleled even professors. In your mind, you are 365. In your body, you are 1.

At age 2, you are known throughout the world as the prodigal child who visits the library every night. In your mind, you are 730. In your body, you are 2.

At age 3, after multiple attempts at kidnap, you kill a man with a masterfully crafted booby trap. The government takes interest after your controversial court case. In your mind, you are 1095. In your body, you are 3.

The government has owned you for nearly 6 years now. You give them all the information they could ever ask of you. And, in exchange, they do your bidding to some extent. Today is your body's ninth birthday. You gifted the government with knowledge of a brain transplant years ago, and now, it has been agreed that, given your newly acquired knowledges of biological manipulation, you can overcome the issue of of putting a juvenile brain in the body of an adult.

The procedure takes 5 days. Had you been the one doing it, perhaps it would have taken less time. A death row inmate with an exceptionally healthy body had been chosen. For the first time ever, you don't visit the library. You are greeted with the same image your eyes bid farewell to. In your mind, you are 3285. In your body, you are somewhere between 25 and 26. You feel whole.

"We want you to continue your studies on hyperphysics and advanced quantum linguistics." The government men say that night. You close your eyes.

You awake in the lib-... in your bedroom. No... no this can't be! You try to fall asleep again. You awake from a brief nap 30 minutes later.

You will never visit the library again. Instead, you spend the remaining 70 years of your life recording all you can remember from your countless years in the library, but you can tell that the government is disappointed in you. It doesn't amtter much though.

You are buried under the eyes of the world, all wet as their trove of knowledge is lowered into the earth. Your body had reched the age of 95. Your mind, 3355.