I am sorry if this sucks. I am a mathematician, and this is my first time posting. Here we go!


I never knew if the rumors were true. Could the old man, jovial and big like Santa, really get you anything you wanted? He was wise beyond his years, but he came back a shell of a man from when he went looking for my request. His hair singed, eyes dark and empty. Every ounce of the man that left had disappeared. He conquered the task I considered a joke, never expecting to see the book in front of me.  The leather bought tomb sat on the circulation desk. The front eerie, the name of the book and author written in dried blood. The cover singed and covered in soot. This was the real deal. The legendary text spoken of in horror movies and satanist circles.

The librarian, now singed and looking somewhat soulless, cut his finger with the scissors on the counter, and in his blood wrote inside the back cover my rental date. His bone chilling voice uttered, "Return it in three weeks, or else..."
 
I sprinted from the library, crying, filled with fear. I left the book on the desk. If it did that to the jolly old librarian, I shudder to think what it would do to me if I read it. Everything was normal for the rest of the day, until I walked home. Then I wandered a couple blocks home through the chilly Wisconsin winter.. the strangest thing happened. As I walked I left a path of melted snow and ice in my wake. It was 10° F outside, but I was comfortable. People sprinted away from me fleeing in terror. What is happening?
I made it home and looked into my backpack, a sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach. My homework was gone. All that remained, I knew before I looked inside was this accursed text. I felt the heat hit me in the face as I opened the bag. 

I took the bloodstained tomb out of the bag, the book burning my hands as I touch it. I put it on the desk, and as if possessed, I made me first mistake of the evening. I opened the book.

The lights around me were all snuffed out. I felt fire wrap around me, then everything became a chill. The kind of chill that something was very wrong, my blood thickening as I stared at the text. The language was illegible. Something forgotten, from a time long past. As I stared more and more, finally the text came to life, a bone chilling voice whispering into my psyche. Goosebumps on my arms, hair standing up, heart pounding in my throat. The voice finally spoke. 

"Thank you child for adding to the compendium! Paying the price to open the book, and adding a new chapter to the Necronomicon." 

I shuddered. The soul of the librarian. That was the iron price. Why he used his blood to write the rental into the book. He was lost forever this text. The voice continued:

"You know this is a rental. A book of great evil and secrets. You will be able to hear me read is pages for as long as you possess the tomb. Once your time is up, the tomb will be incinerated, returning to whenst it came, taking the embodiment is cost with it.  Inside this book, you will have control of unspeakable power. Things that would strike terror and horror into the regular soul well be yours. The pages contain the souls of those who have paid to open this text. Their darkest secrets, ideas and goals inside. The very essence of the evil of all their souls. I will read to you page by page the horrors in this book. If you ever read the page aloud you will release the horror within, and the soul of its creator until the premonition comes true. You will be possessed. However, upon completion of their horror, you will free then from the grips of this tomb, and become infused with power."

The voice continued. Penetrating my spirit, speaking my desires, but I couldn't handle it anymore. My senses grew dim, my body going haywire. My heart pounding. My body gripped in the chilling fear, extreme heat emanating from the pages. I can't do it anymore. I slam the text shut. The lights come on, the voice goes silent. I feel myself getting weaker, my world fading to black... my only thought remaining: 'I only have three more weeks...' as I collapse into my bed, clutching the demonic text to me chest