The most terrifying day of Damian's life started much like any other. A merry tune in his ear brought him to the waking world. He had always preferred to have an up-beat alarm clock. He felt that it started the day on a positive note, and sometimes you just need that extra boost of positive energy.

Beside him, Anabelle stirred. Damian reached his hand across their small bed and nudged her shoulder, as was their usual morning dance. "It's time to get up my love."

Anabelle groaned quietly and buried her face deeper in her pillow, causing Damian to grin, "If you don't get up now you won’t have time to get ready for work. You know the routine, love."

Continuing to groan, Anabelle sat up in glared at Damian. Noticing his teasing smile, she made an offensive gesture in his direction and rose, walking across their small apartment in her striped PJ's and closed the bathroom door behind her.

Damian dozed, waiting for his snooze to go off, or for Anabelle to walk back to the bedroom. Either would signal it was time for him to get up and begin his own morning routine. 

He rested his eyes for a heartbeat, and Anabelle was at his side, shaking him urgently. "Dame, Dame wake up!" 

Damian opened his eyes and grabbed his wife’s hand, "What is it Ana?"

As he spoke, tears started to stream down her cheeks. "You aren’t going to believe me, but please try. Please! Promise me you will try!"

Damian was growing concerned now. "Yes my love. Tell me, what is it?"

Anabelle was still gently crying as he stood. She took his hand and led him across the floor to the bathroom. With every step, Damian panicked a little bit more. He had to fight to keep it out of his face and posture.

Anabelle turned in front of the bathroom and stared at Damian for a long second before kissing him lightly on the mouth. "There is another world in there. I have been there for a lifetime. It's........ It’s indescribably beautiful." She gazed deep into his eyes, her own searching them. "Come with me. I want to share it with you."

Not trusting himself to speak, Damian nodded, and with that nod, a smile lit Anabelle's face like the sunrise on the snowy peaks of the Rocky Mountains. She turned and stepped through the door.


Anabelle was blissfully happy. This world she had found was wondrous. Everywhere there was a new sight, a new sound. Everything here was beautiful and gentle. She spent the day with Damian, showing him everything she had seen over the lifetimes she had been here. From the beautiful flowers, the gentle wildlife, to the rivers and waterfalls that roared to life in front of you in the blink of an eye. The rainbows they threw were mesmerizing. After a long day of showing him all there was to see, she lay down with him under the stars, staring up at the moon, so bright in the sky it could have been daylight if not for the quiet that settled into the landscape. With her head on his shoulder, she fell asleep, a contented smile on her face.

Damian waited until he heard the steady breathing that signaled his wife had drifted off to sleep. they lay on the floor of their bathroom, the light above dimmed by the switch that had never felt necessary before today.

He gently disentangled himself from his wifes embrace, and lay her head down on the carpet in front of their shower. The shower was running and making it uncomfortably warm. He opened the floral printed shower curtain and slowly turned it down He took His wifes rubber duck back scrub out of the tub and hung it back on the shower rack.

He looked down at his wife, sleeping with that same serene smile on her face. his heart was hammering in his chest and he felt like it would wake her at any moment, so as quietly as he could, he left the room, closing the door behind him.

He ran to his phone as soon as the door was closed and punched in Dr. Jevail's number. His wifes Medication had been empty, and he hadnt seen until she brought him into the room. She must have flushed the pills recently. He had checked for signs of an overdose, but other than the hallucinations, he had found nothing wrong.

Thanking God, he waited for the receptionist to pick up the phone.

The last time Anabelle had stopped taking her medication she had tried to kill herself.
