Mine ended up being a bit too long for the comments section. 


https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hgmyJkL01aEiF7pfK9NJY83UxRlEzeqAwYtlroSNIo0/edit?usp=drivesdk  

The air was fresh in the apartment. Art chose to open the windows the night before. ‘That’s what I need,’ Art thought to himself as his wide mouth opened for a yawn, his brown curls bouncing in the small draft from the open windows, ‘automatic windows.’ Art stretched and yawned, his twin bed creaking underneath him. He got up, stumbled through his kitchen area, and into his bathroom.  


‘This sure is a big ass bathroom for a studio,’ Art thought to himself as he missed and adjusted his aim. He kicked his leg up and flushed the toilet; turned to his right and washed his hands, ‘Maybe not that big.’ Art patted his hands dry on his boxers, the only clothes he wore. He looked around his kitchen area; not a full kitchen, just a stock stove and a sink; Art had bought a halogen oven a few years back, he kept that in the cupboard; he also had a blender he’d use for his protein drinks, also in the cupboard; the mini fridge had a nook underneath the counter, it was the perfect place for vermin to hide, and Art (though clean himself) had his share of pests to fight. The toaster, which Art used daily, rested on the counter, it’s sleek white single-slot design was the same one he grew up with, in fact, Art couldn’t remember if this was the toaster he grew up with or not, his father had died before he was born and his mother had so many toasters it was hard to be certain; the bread, which Art brought almost every-other-day daily, rested next to the toaster. Through morning haze and fresh morning air, Art, was able to muster the words that congealed his thoughts perfectly, “F***IN’ TOAST!”  


Art opened the bag of bread and dropped two pieces of it into the toaster, he slid the large rectangle down, and always double-checked to make sure the setting was just right. One setting too high and Art would be eating hangover toast; too low and he’d be eating warm bread. As he was waiting for his toast, Art, opened the mini fridge and pulled out butter and boysenberry jam. Once saved for special occasions, Art, convinced himself that simply being alive was special occasion enough to use boysenberry jam. The taste of bread, butter and jam was what Art used to wake up in the morning. He savoured the taste every day before school; now, everyday as an adult. The thing about jam jars is they have lids. If someone gets the lid too crusty or puts it back on too tight, there is panic that sets in as the next person to open the jar simply can’t; a terrible pain might shoot through their wrist, or the jar might fall to the floor and break. In Art’s case, both happened. Glass and delicious purple jam popped and ‘creshewed’ against the kitchen area floor. The glass stopped most of the jam, but some managed to skit across the tile, to the unkempt sides of the mini fridge cubby. ‘GODDAMIT’ Art said.  

