I've decided a long time ago that these letters were a joke. Maybe something my parents always tried to troll me with. "See you in 20 years." Yeah, you won't fucking remember me in 20 years, I thought at the time.

One day, while, I was playing StarCraft III, I received my next letter. I sighed. "Mom and dad, you really have to do this? You guys have been doing this for the last 35 fucking years of my life," I muttered to myself.

I decided to eventually open before my next match. It read:

*See you tomorrow...*

I'd like to see you try, I thought. The next day was a Saturday. I had nothing to do that day and I pretty much planned on staying at my own apartment. You might be thinking that he will come to my house, but I'd think that's impossible. I installed state of the art security cameras that use facial recognition software to detect non-residential visitors. It would then sound my alarm, allowing me to use the mounted laser gun to gun down the target. My best friend from high school was on a world-class engineering team that designed robotic soldiers, known as sentinels. He was able to lend me a few as security guards to my apartment. All windows to the outside world would be a screen of an infinite loop of an empty apartment, making it seem like no one was there. On top of that, each door to my house had a biometric security system as well as a pin pad system where the passcode changed every week. There was no way someone would break in... or so I thought.

&#x200B;

The next day, when I woke up from my bed, I checked the clock and it was disabled. However, I could tell it was some time in the afternoon when I looked out the window. What the actual fuck, I thought to myself. What's up with my clock. I immediately got dressed and entered the living room. I was thoroughly confused when I saw Gene Yang, the guy who lived in the apartment next to me. "What the fuck are you doing here?" I demanded.

&#x200B;

Gene immediately tore off a facial mask, revealing a somewhat familiar face. He was bald and almost too serious to be considered healthy. However, no one else on the apartment complex, or anyone I knew in real life for that matter, looked anything like him. Before I could try to pinpoint where I might recognize him from, he began speaking. "Hello, u/SeaWhole, my name is Michael Bronson. I know I may look like Agent 47 from HITMAN^(TM) but I assure you that I am not here to kill you. Rather, I have come to inform you that over the course of these 35 years, you have passed the test. From your birth, the International Liberation Forces have been tracking you down, watching you because we were informed that there was great potential in you. One of your family friends was an undercover agent, and had informed us about you on one of her visit to your mother in the hospital. Back on topic. Like I said earlier you passed our test, so if you choose to join the International Liberation Intelligence Agency, also known as ILIA, we will immediately go back to our training facility to further enhance your abilities and teach you some other necessary skills. We know you've never fired a gun before and no one in the agency passes the shooting range on their first try. Do you choose to accept or no?"

"What the fuck?" I said. "First off,  I've installed a state of the art security system to my apartment. How did you break in?

To be continued... I'm going to be eating dinner soon