“What are you?” Bertie demanded.

“A friend. I’ve always been a friend to you.”

“Don’t get philosophical with me, Lance. I’m not denying you’ve always been there, but I meet you when we were 19 at university together. But you’ve watched me grow old, till I am left this old man, and you, you’re still 19.”

“I am Lazarus. When Jesus resurrected me, He neglected to give me the ability to die again.”

He looked at me in stunned silence. I saw the questions forming and disappearing. How can you just not die? What, you’re like 2000 or something?

“What we he like?” he said after a couple of minutes. That was a new one, for a first question. I was taken aback.

“Charming, is probably the best word in English. He could speak to five thousand people at once, and make every one of them feel like he was speaking to them personally. Who knows, perhaps he really was speaking to them each personally. He would give you all the time in the world. But a heartbeat was all anyone ever needed to say what they really needed to say. He made you feel so at ease.”

“Then what were you doing in Dublin all those years ago?”

“Mostly drinking as much Guinness as I could get my hands on really. It’s not like I’m going to die of alcohol poisoning, and it passes the time.”

He opened his mouth, then shut it again. He wasn’t expected such a benign answer.

“I’m still human. I still have the same pleasures and drives as any other man. Well sort of.”

“What do you mean ‘sort of’?”

“I’ve experienced more of life than any other man ever will. More than the combined experiences of 50 people. Things get, well, boring. People can still be interesting though. I like young people. Seeing new ideas and ideals form is riveting. Intoxicating sometimes.”

“So why are you wasting your time with this old man?”
“All I have is time. And I’m not wasting it. It’s exhausting then seeing great ideas get ground down to nothing by the weight of others greed and small mindedness. I mean, if Jesus’s teachings which were nothing but love for your fellow man, can get boiled down to indulgences by greed of men who are supposedly his servants, what hope is there for a kid from the Bronx in public college. I’m tired of seeing this incessant degrading of people, of belittling my fellow man. I’ve seen, first hand sometimes, men kill other men for nothing but sport. Of people who want nothing more than to raise their fellow man up get shot for nothing more than the colour of their skin. Its soul-destroying, I can’t bear to watch it any more.

“But you were one of the few. I was glad I met you young and could watch as your ideals continued to grow and form. Eventually into politics, and rather than being ground down by the cynicism, you took a huge personal risk to talk to the Prime Minister of Britain, and it eventually lead to the end of long and bitter hostilities. Honestly there have not been many men in history who have achieved that, and I am glad I was around to see it. Right from the start. Now I’m content to pass the time with an old friend. I fear it may be a long time before I get the chance again.”