Eyes upon eyes all squirming, ogling the tourists. I noticed their gaze from the back of the exhibit. I was waiting in line with hundreds of others for a chance to see the most famous artwork of all time. The Mona Lisa will be seen on TV, over the internet, on social media, as memes, parodies, documentaries, in books, on the covers of magazines, on billboards and posters. But how many viewers see what I see? A thousand oscillating eyes. 

The line moved, I came one step closer. The Louvre was packed. I stood on my tiptoes and caught a glimpse of the painting. The eyes scanned over the tourists, darting back and forth. I knew of them, had seen them in every image of the Mona Lisa. But they hardly moved in reproduction. How did Leonardo (that old cook, madman, visionary) create the Illusion of movement? I wondered. Was Mona Lisa and her strange allure not a mistake of my hyper-synesthesia? The eyes must be deliberate. I wondered if Leonardo suffered a similar malady. The line moved, and I approached the painting.

The eyes wove deep. They stared from different angles, warping the two-dimensional space like a mobius strip. They moved independently, endlessly, blinking and twitching. I got a sinking feeling in my chest. It could be no optical illusion. Every eye fixated on me. The other tourists and world slipped away.

They could see not only my body but my thoughts, and not only those thoughts but my thoughts of my thoughts, my inner-judgements and my own qualifications of those judgements. This was as unreal as dimethyltryptamine. I was sinking in them. I saw in their gaze myself seeing myself see them– through them. I tried to move but couldn’t They spasmed. They said: we see you, in and out and in and out and in and out.

They scrutinized the lining of my stomach. They scoured my liver, pancreas, ears, mouth, the folds of my flesh, my brain’s white matter. They said: Let’s see here, over here, look over here, in and out and in and out. They saw every memory and my interpretation of those memories and my interpretation I imagined others had of me and of themselves. And they saw every daydream and inner-meaning and every symbolic reference within my subconscious mind. And they showed me (what appeared at the center of Mona Lisa’s own eyes, a subset of more eyes) the inner-workings of everyone who has seen her image, whether online, in a newspaper, etc. I could see it all. I could see everything.

  

