Everyone is scared of death in someway or the other. Whether it is timelt or untimely death. What is meant by untimely? Death is death irrespective of the age when someone dies. Mistake could be anyone's
and that is irrelevant as death has arrived no matter what. Not fulfilling your heart's desire, concern about family after death, there are so many things that makes a person concerned about
dying. Unfulfilled desires, desires will always remain unfulfilled. How many can a person try to fulfill unless they prevent their mind and senses from creating more
desires. Either one achieves that or remain unfulfilled. Who will sustain one's family after their death is another major concern which makes people quite anti to the idea of welcoming death.
Creating dependency of the family members on self for finance, support etc unintentionally or intentionally will lead to such fears. In my lifetime I have had to raise my scythe almost everytime
so much so that my scythe has become my default move. I started with this job of leading those who have lived the marvellous life that they were offered to their best abilities, to second innings
of their journey as a particular person. I thought it will be a happy transition for most except a few unfortunate ones. What I saw was a complete reversal of my expectations. Except a few 
rare exceptions, I had to use my scythe. Everywhere I have seen regrets, greed, wishes except a welcoming glance or a friendly smile. I never tire. It is not in my nature to 
be tired and this is a problem to the entire humankind. I now laugh in sadness at their plight. 

In my usual busy day of ending people's bodies, I came across a man who was breathing way too slowly and ought to have been dead by usual standards. But he wasn't as I could sense a strong life force
in him. It wasn't the first time in my lifetime that I was seeing something like this but it is a rarity. Once in a  thousand year event. There was one era where I saw this in higher frequency 
but that phase lasted for about a 100 years and after that this is the first time. These are the only times when I did not have to raise my scythe but rather have a good conversation with the 
full of life dead person. It is truly a priviledge to see such men and women. As I stand in front of this person I see him take a deep breath after quite some time. I found him in his room which
was empty except for a small mat on which he was sitting. I decided to look around his place and found another room with speakers, laptop, phone, and a LOT of books, flute, some marijuana and a good
collection of scotch. There was another room with a bed and it seemed like there is another person living with him. All of this was very unusual for me. For someone like him living in a space
like this is unusual. Very unusual. I have mostly seen such people living in very simple surroundings or rather in natural habitats. This person's house was like any other normal house. Why was
I at his place? Oh yes, I had to take someone with me in a few hours. It didn't seem like this man though. I wait for some time to see who it will be. Let me spare the others some more life.
t is almost 8 in the night and a lady sweating profusely walks in. She seems to have done some physical workout. She entered the room where the man was sitting quietly and shouted- "Do you 
still don't want to eat anything? What is wrong with you! It has been years since you have gone like this. Sitting quietly and not engaging in conversation.Anyway. You won't even reply now!". The man opens his eyes and walks out of the room, smiles at her and asks her how her day was. She replies 
in agitation about her colleagues, somebody did something, some third person was affected and the lady was agitated. He listened to her woes silently without replying. After she was done, he asked her again how her day went and laughed out loud. She glared at him and went to the kitchen. Dinner was already
ready.By 11 in the night she was ready to sleep and the man went to the third room. He opened his laptop and other equipments. He seemed to work with electronics. How do I know this? I see and learn what humans are upto. He spent 2-3 hours sitting and working with his equipments. He was engrossed in his work. Suddenly both
of us turned around to go to the bedroom. I reached in an instant whereas he ran across the house. When he entered, he felt me swinging my scythe at his wife and he dashed across the room.
I had taken his wife.The man slumped at her side, cried and looked up. I have a feeling he saw me. He didn't say a word the entire time and simply asked, "Why so early? 
She was understanding with time. She would have welcomed you had you given her a little more time." And he sighed and said "Had to happen. Some day." And he smiled with tears flowing and said,
"The day we meet each other, we will have a lot to talk about. I am learning to live for now."