The aliens thought they had destroyed us all. They thought our planet was their's for the taking. But this is our planet. And we were not going down without a fight.

The first step was to organize. We decided to continue using reddit.com as our main communications channel, as something about the site seemed to ward off the aliens. After all, we were the only ones to survive the chemicals. We knew these aliens were far more advanced than us technologically. Fortunately, someone managed to get their hands on a device. Of course, after seeing one person do it, the reposters had to get their hands on some too.

Next, we mailed the devices to members of /r/hacking and /r/programming to see if they could figure out how they worked. After much collaboration, the top heads at /r/hacking said they could hack into the alien's ships, at least for a few minutes before the aliens figured out what was going on.

After that the mods put out a site-wide survey to see what we should do when we hack them. The winner: troll the fuck out of 'em.

"Gloxorth? What's going on?" Bletsnu asked.

"I don't know! These messages just keep flashing through the ship! We don't know where they're coming from!"

"Have you tried contacting the other ships?"

"Yeah but whenever I pick up the communicator I just hear someone saying something in that weird Earth tongue of theirs. Hey, you're fluent in Earth tongues, right? Can you try to translate it?"

Bletsnu walked over and picked up the communicator. She immediately recognized the message. "You underestimate my power!"

Bletsnu put down the communicator and muttered "prequel memes is leaking again."

"What?" said Gloxorth.

Suddenly, a hole appeared in Gloxorth's scaly chest. He looked at Bletsnu, dumbfounded, then his eyes moved to the blaster in her hand. Just before he died, Bletsnu whispered in his ear, "For Earth."

With that, she looked up at the ship's screen in satisfaction. The image of snoo was clearly displayed for all to see, and Bletsnu was sure it was also displayed across the other ships as well. Beneath it read the words, "Welcome to the front page of the internet. Welcome to Hell."