I've been "here" for a long time. Well, "here" is not the right word to use. It was more "nowhere", along with the other gods that nobody prayed to. So when I saw a vacant temple not dedicated to a specific god, I rushed like nobody else to get there. 

I luckily got there first, but it was night when I arrived in the tiny room that was supposed to be the temple. It was a saddening sight: The room had little to no decoration, with the only sacrifice being a small amount of food. They did leave a closed window, through which I got out to look at the house. It was a small farm, with land that looked completely dry, so I got to work. I noticed all of the plants were dieing, so I sacrificed them to gain enough energy to save, and even enlarge, the others. The farmlands now consisted of half empty space with dead corn plants, half corn that looked like it could feed a city. Only problem: I wasn't in good shape, and collapsed on the spot from lack of energy as soon as I got back in the "shrine".

When I woke up I looked outside, and noticed the entire village looking at the gigantic corn plants the family had grown, and the family I supposedly helped being pestered with questions on how they did this. I looked at the altar they had built, and noticed someone had put a giant loaf of bread there, so I absorbed it. I felt like I had enough energy to go outside, so I did. When I came through the front door, the family was just turning around and the kids screamed in horror when they saw me. See, I look hideous. I have a human figure, with my right half being a beautiful young man, but my left half is a decaying corpse of that same man. I'm the god of exchanges, mostly energy and life. my left side kills things, and my right half can give energy and life with the energy from my victims. I thank them for the temple, and the father drops to his knees. I tell him to get up, and ask whats going on. "I was about to ask you that same question. Why are half of my crops dead and the other half enormous?" I tell him about my power, and what I did yesterday. He thanks me, and asks what he could do for me in return.

I've been living here for several months now, and I've gained the following of pretty much the entire small town. they built a pretty big temple for me, even with a silver idol in my name. I'm the doctor around these parts, curing pretty much any disease given the right amount of life to consume. I also prevent failed harvests, and tourist even come to my temple from time to time. I show up once a year in my physical form, at the town wide celebration in my honor after the harvest. I speak my gratitude to the town for housing me, they thank me for my services, and the entire town takes the day off while I cure ailnesses. I appreciate the old small temple, and show up from time to time just to remember the first few weeks before the larger building was built. It was hard work, getting the townsfolk to sacrifice a cow to me to save 3 people from a plague. after that, the witnesses started praying. I never knew what to do with prayers, especially those from tourists willing to give it a shot. I usually just kill a small forest animal to cure some minor ache or affliction, like a bad back or a headache.

I fear every time I go to slumber that the next day will be nothing but void, like it was before. I like living with these mortals, with an influence over things. Some would even say I loved these mortals. They would be right.