Check this out. I'm brand new to writing stories so, please feel free to hack away at it with as much feedback as possible. Even recommending some instructive books would be awesome! Thanks :)

On behalf of everyone at “Starwave,” we thank you for being the first guinea-pig to silver-surf 12-HOURS into the future. Shaking a hang-loose sign with his right hand, Peter says “Tell the lab-rats Im here to reinvent the wheel.” Peter’s known to be on nobodies timeline, and would rather get shot 5 to 9 times than work a 9 to 5. The lab-technician laughs and raises both arms to give the sky a hug “Thats the attitude that fuels us all here at Starwave!.” The fellow technicians work on reforming the ice that was thawed by the foreign “HaHa’s.”
“So!, Im all strapped in for $20/hr am I correct?”  “Lets see.…lemme thumb through this clipboard here..…YEP!  $20/hr, for a 12hr rift!” her mile-long smile had to be fueled by something other than pioneering time. “Well, do I need some chlorophyll shots? Or can we get this show on the road? Im a busy guy.” “Alright Tiger! see that chamber-pod that looks like a shrine for all of us in the testing-room. Step right in, I’ll program the show in motion, then I’ll take my seat in the Theater for the Present.” Peter takes a brisk march to the capsule and takes his seat with a childish grin. The door slides shut with a stern clang! and he hollowly hears the technician hammering away the commands for his voyage. Once the typing ceased, turbulence ensued. “What is this a hurricane simulator??” Peter’s words echo away as his existence feels loaded in a sling made of time & space. Once “Peter the Meteor” felt himself catapulted, the chamber opened with a smokey welcome to the future.



Childish-Grin replaced with a relief from surviving origami, Peter exits the pod starving, and with sleepy legs. “Killer performance” trembles off his lips, as he sees the carcasses of all the lab-coats that hawk-eyed him from his arrival. “NOW TELL HIM, WHY!, YOU ARE SORRY!” is yelled in the tone of a possessed Orc to his near-left. The beast matching the voice has one hand holding the ripped out command-module for the time machine, and one holding the programmer for the bloodbath. 
“I.....I....wanted your fuel, it’s a miracle that you can walk.”  Peter read the “SORRY” above her on the wall that was written with her open-wound as the inkwell. 
The Orc says “That is correct! And I am the manifestation of your free-spirit refusing such blind robbery!” Pointing at Peter the orc says “But now I must save you from your confining cell.” Peter says “But I am already out of that shitty machine?” I don’t know if you’ve noticed Peter, but your voice has the vitality of a mouse!” “Waddya say we smoke some of these piggies spread all over of the floor and use the lab-coats as their blankets?? “Nothing a hearty meal can’t help.” The orc says “You must be my meal, I mainly came to save you from this robotically inputted society.”  In a young surfer-dudes voice he says “ We eat you, and you become apart of us, the more identities the merrier ya feel?” “Hmmmm, I guess I’ll play the sushi’s role.” “Take me down raw, I’m not much.” The Orc takes a gratuitous bow, dropping the command module. Bringing the leaking technician to his next meal he dangles them both in the air to be vacuumed up.


With a burp heard around the universe, Peter gets his smokey welcome back to the present.
The ecstatic technician beckons him to come out the test-machine like a baby taking it’s first steps towards her. 
Seeing her and all the observers scar-free in the testing room, he leaves the portal with a craving for the air of the good ole atmosphere. The technician gives a few claps and says “Soooooo, before we get into your exploration.” “Judging by your disposition, i think you’d be interested in our interest…she coughs harshly, and with each one her vocal becomes more and more Surfer who got winded by a tide too high….of having you here for a full-time position brah??” She looks up at him with her pen in the grip of a hang-loose sign and her eyes guiding him to the other hand with a clipboard that has finalizing paperwork. Peter the Meteor takes a deep-breath and gives in to “The Man,” if you can call it that. and says “Fill it out for me, you know my handwriting.” 
 