I can see through clothes, or more precisely, I can't see clothes at
all. 

Any other night, this ability would be particularly exciting, as I sit
in a nightclub downtown, having drinks with a college friend and
people-watching. Tonight as I walked in, my gaze caught on the
black abyss of a scar snaking around the bartender's right arm, down her
side, across her stomach, and around onto her back before ending
on her other arm. I am necessarily skilled at controlling where
I look, but I can't stop staring.


I only have one scar. It's a small white line through my right
eye-brow that appeared when I was 11, the moment I told my mother I
wanted to stay with her instead of dad after the divorce. She needed
me, and that is what she needed to hear, despite what I really
wanted. She saw the truth in my eyes the moment I said it, so the lie
scarred white and on my face for the world to see. That's the
rule. Lies get darker as they get meaner and they hide themselves on
the body as well as they have been hidden from the world. 

The bartender looks at me with a smile, then at my friend as we sit
down: ``What would you like?''

It takes Herculean effort to keep my eyes focused on her face as I
order a beer. Jordan smiles naturally at her, oblivious and orders a
whiskey sour. 

``What was that about at the entrance, you like her or something?'' He
asks.

"...yeah, or something'' I answer, transfixed as she turns to make
our drinks, and I see the spiral of blackness that snakes around her
back like the tentacles of an octopus. I feel my stomach
lurch. Jeezus."You know, my stomach's off, I need a minute in the
bathroom.'' 

``Oh man, no problem, I'll just help you out with that beer when it
gets here'' Jordan quipped, as I stumbled off toward the mens
room. What the fuck could she have said?

Marriage was hard on my parents and they came out of it looking like
seasoned gladiators. At first, I was the only one that could see the
scars, small at first, accumulating on both of them. Little lies, lies
of omission, but gradually, the main lie grew on each of them. I could
almost see the words ``Everything is fine'' carved into their backs
until finally the shouting match. Divorce healed a lot of those scars,
the moment of confrontation hit each of them like a wave, finally
soothing the vicious wounds. They each walked away with a nearly
identical 6 inch scar along their shoulder blade and up onto the neck
like angels who had lost a wing. That lie which defined their lives for
20 years left a 6'' scar that faded from the color of pitch to a dull
gray after the divorce. 

In the bathroom, I've calmed down. Cool water and a warm towel from
the attendant are keeping my visceral reaction at bay as I stare into
the mirror still seeing an after-image. What lie could she have told?

I am heading back to the bar, trying to keep my eyes down so I won't see IT
again. when She comes from my blind-spot, grabs my arm, and says: ``My
name is Glados, If you come with me, there will be delicious cake.'' 


[Ran out of time, hiking early tomorrow, maybe I'll write the rest then.]
