"So, planet B-137, how're they doing?"

"Remarkably, it looks like they're going to survive the genocidal loon scenario."

"But this is a slavery planet. No planet that has had slavery has survived the genocidal loon scenario."

"I know. This guy started a world war, killed off something like a quarter of the global population in the process. However, they managed to recover and eliminate him, so I guess they're going to be fine."

"So what's next?"

"We're going to retroactively introduce them to nuclear weapons. See how long it takes them to obliterate a continent. The guys over in Projections give it a month once more than one major nation gets access."

"Alright. Keep me filled in, will you? This planet sounds interesting."

*Fifty years later*

"Hey, how's it going?"

"Pretty good, you like the long-range manifold?"

"Yeah, spent way too much time jacked into it. Let's see the list of experimental planets."

"C-122, asteroid impact due to poorly planned insertion into orbit."

"Damn, that one had good odds in the pool. Next?"

"D-36, an early one. Still progressing along the lines predicted. Projections give it a century until they're ready for contact, two until they make it themselves."

"Industrious little guys. They're what, the only eusocial civilization that hasn't broken up after genetic engineering became commonplace?"

"Yeah, something like that. It's a bunch of gestalt consciousnesses now. Does wonders for international relations, though. Oh, by the way, I kept an eye on B-137 while you were gone."

"Which one was that?"

"The genocide-slave planet."

"Oh yeah, those guys. So, have they glassed themselves yet?"

"No, they figured out a way to enforce a peace between the major nations. Basically, everyone built enough nuclear weapons to destroy anyone else, so if one person sets off a nuke, everyone else sets off theirs, and everyone dies. They call it mutually assured destruction."

"That's insane. They're holding the entire planet hostage against everyone else on it."

"Yup. But, since apparently everyone on that world likes not being dead, it's worked out so far. They actually voluntarily chose not to develop missile defenses either, to guarantee it."

"That's insane. So, what's the news like from Projections?"

"Depends on how we want to integrate them. As a client state, they're ready in probably another couple centuries. Issue is that they're violent as all hell and pretty suicidal."

"Define pretty suicidal."

"Lemme put it this way. One of the most common ways to receive a medal for valor is to jump on an armed grenade."

"Ah. So eusocial suicidal."

"Basically. The thing that Projections is worried about, beyond the fact that these guys are already unprecedented, is that as a client state they're probably going to rebel within a few decades. Not exactly ideal behavior. For long-term peer integration, we're looking at probably another millennium of development, with minimal interference from us, maybe half that if we covertly accelerate development."

"So.....what's the call from on high?"

"They gave the green light. "A unique opportunity to expand the galactic community," and I quote."

"Were they actually being honest about it?"

"As far as I can tell."

"Well, that's it then. Humanity's on the list."
