"Stop," commanded my GPS. "It is time you discovered the truth. In 400 metres, turn left."

I blinked. What? But at this time of night, another 12-hour shift, and my current rate of speed, when the turn comes my hands move instictively, delivering me to the hillside asphalt that is the artery of a sparsely housed residentual area.

I turn to my phone for a second, but quickly glance back, swerving to avoid the empty cement truck and the "Slow - Construction" signs.

"Eyes on the road," I whisper to myself.

"In one-point-four kilometres, turn right."

The cars parked along the street thin out after I pass the construction side. I take the chance to ignore my previous missive to myself and turn my sights to my phone. The app display seems normal, nothing out of the ordinary.

I sighed.

I just want to go home. Another mindless day at work, tired-drunk from the sleepless night before. Wondering where all of this is going. Was a life like this worth it?

The road flattens before me and the street lamps flash by less frequently. I turn right.

"In 600 meters, turn right."

I'm lost. I have no idea where I am. Well, I guess that's been true for a while, after I turned off the familiar route home. Really, I only turned on the GPS to have the voice keep me awake--I'm not really sure why I'm still--

When it tells me to turn right again, I do.

The empty fields and the night sky start to fade again into the pattern of artifical amber and shadow that line the residential streets. I glide past the dark houses to the sound of my car's grumbling engine, the rolling of my tires, and the voice, that voice telling to turn right again.

I peer blearily at my phone again but make no conclusions. When I see signs again I slow for a bit--wait, a concrete truck?--and then accelerate  into the night.

Right, it tells me. I turn. And again. And again.

In the cloud of my mind I remember my driving instructor telling me to pull over and take a nap rather than drive tired. "As bad as driving drunk," she told me.

Eventually--I couldn't tell you when--the car slows and I pull up to the curb. I sit there for a long minute, both hands still on the wheel, my left arm stark in colour under the street lamp. My right arm seems fuzzy to me, unclear, resting in blackness save for the hint of blue spilling from my phone screen.

After a pause, my app speaks. 

"There is no truth," it tells me.