Nobody believed jolly Ol' Nick when he threatened to take control of the world. Nobody was prepared for what happened next. 

In December of the year 2025, tensions between nations were slowly ratcheting up. The poor still starved, the rich still counted their pennies. Turmoil broke out after the Nintendo Switch XL sold out, leading to riots on the streets. People fought and hurt one another for the product. Governments all around the world begged for peace and quiet and reassured their people that Santa Claus would bring the world their consoles. 

Mr. Claus was angered by this. Angered by the shrinking ice caps, the North Pole had experienced... changes in its elf production plants. Toys? Off the list. Weapons and bombs were manufactured and stocked aside. Santa had a plan for peace.


In 2029, war broke out between the Northern and Southern hemispheres. A global Facebook campaign asking users to vote for the coolest country led to a frightfully violent menagerie of death and destruction that the world had seen before, and would see again. On the 24th of December, Santa flew his sleigh from his home. The media took advantage of this, exclaiming anger and indignation at his abandonment of his role four years ago.

He flew straight to the UN headquarters and demanded a meeting of minds. After three hours of a wait, he stood before ambassadors of multiple counties and spoke his first words in four years to the world, " The Claus Clause comes into effect now."

"W...what are you speaking about?" "This is odd Mr. Claus?" "Why does this matter!?"

Claus chuckled and clapped his hands. A monitor behind him displayed his workshop - and his weaponry. "The gift of world peace shall be assumed under a more... jolly... ruler." He beamed at the crowd as they stared back at him in horror.

2038: The Age of Christmas was truly blooming. A holiday known for the birth of a man was now the name of a world order. Commissioner Claus brought order to the chaos. Rules were enforced to bolster compassion and understanding among people, no matter their race, gender, orientation nor religion. The world had suffered catastrophic losses as some counties attempted to fight against Claus, but the Claws of Claus tumbled down upon them like a child on their  tobogann speeding down a large hill: fast and with no precautions.

The world suffered much structural damage, radiation clean up still occurs in parts of Ireland and the British Isles, but Santa had planned and accounted for everything. The year he announced his plan of ruling the world for the greater good, he flew around the world and snatched young adults and children, tossing them into bunkers in the North Pole as he wiped the slate clean. His elves worked hard in preparing the world for His willing followers and would later be rewarded with an entire nation of their own, to live out their days in thanks for their servitude to him. 

Nicholas Claus had brought in many rules. Those he acted against him were punished with roles of manufacturing items for the annual international gift exchange. Yes, he still roamed the world on the 25th and all those other dates and days for the other people. He gave people what they wanted, gaining their loyalty and obedience, allowing him to rule in peace. Those who were nice gained while the naughty... well they suffered a lot more than just a few lumps of coal. 

The most wonderful time of the year soon became the most wonderful era of man. 

Humanity was given all their wants and in turn, they flourished. Soon Santa became bored. By 2040, he had decided to start again from scratch but had a better idea. 

After flying around the world that year and given everyone their gifts, he announced his time amongst humankind was finished and that he had new realms to conquer: The Stars and afterwards, The Gods.