"EVERYBODY ON THE GROUND!!!"

"Who the hell is this bunch" I thought? Seriously, how many SWAT teams have just punched into this warehouse? Did any team commander at any point wonder about all the police vehicles out front? Or the back? Or the sides? How about the 4 fucking police helicopters and 1 EC-130 orbiting above??

And how were there any windows left for these fuckers to break and rappel through??

Inside we're all standing there, the nefarious I-88 MC Club, guns pointing at each other. All screaming we're the such and such agency! 

"DROP YOUR WEAPONS!"
"NO! YOU DROP YOUR WEAPONS!!"
"SHOW ME YOUR HANDS, MUTHA FUCKER!"

My bad, really. I decided to pull the trigger, so to speak and authorized the raid. See, I'm ATF. 
But apparently so is that guy over there, but from another office. 
Next to him is a sheriff deputy. 
Those guys? Super troopers.
The little knot in the corner? Regional Drug Task Force. 
US Marshals. 
FBI.   
Joint Commission on Terrorism. 
Homeland Security. 
The Coast Guard.
So on and so on.

Somehow, we all had decided the warehouse was where the takedown would occur. Our own little agencies, each came to the same conclusion. Each made a plan and held it close to the chest for "Security purposes". Would we have even said something if another agency announced during a fusion center meeting what they were planning?

Incredible. 

Somehow we all did this. We infiltrated this motorcycle gang and steered it from simple drug and gun running  for beer money into a nightmare. Each into our own little world. Our own little area of responsibility. Our own "specialty".

I should have seen it but I thought I was on the Big One when we started bringing in military grade weapons. That was huge. 
But that was the work of the NCIS boys hoping to nap some middle eastern terror connections.
Selling to wanna be terrorists? Probably what got FBI all got and bothered. But they decided to take it up a notch.
Ever heard of Bio weapons? What the hell? 
Sophisticated encryption units to the highest bidder. Sure, why not.
But by then I was in too deep, or so I thought. We all were. We spent a lot of money. Careers were in the line.

And the buyers? There were always buyers. And money was never an issue. A red flag really. Looking back I should have realized we were agents selling to agents....

And now this raid. Hundreds upon hundreds of agents and officers in varying tactical wear. All their agencies listed in an alphabet soup tacked on patches. All working independently, but demanding they were in charge, this was their scene. Just listening to all the different negotiating teams trying to get us all to surrender is enough to make you crazy.

But the weird part? As I stared at all the faces with guns I realized the original members quit coming months ago....

