I’m an idiot! How had I not known? Everything I had experience over the past 6 months began to make complete sense. I thought back to the times when I attempted to interact with people, my family thought I had died when I had disappeared during the accident. They resented themselves for the fight we had just before everything changed. When I had tried to get their attention, they were terrified. Eventually I stopped trying after I saw how me being around only caused them grief.  When I left home, nobody would notice me unless I tried to actively get their attention. When I was successful they would look at me with a blank look in their eyes or in utter confusion. Eventually I made my way to this abandoned cabin in the woods. I had thought I was dead, but now to think that I'm just be invisible it all made sense! 

I now looked up at the first human being that had seen me in six months! With a huge grin on, I looked at this woman, who could only be a few years younger than me, and knew this would be the woman I spend the rest of my life with in this bizarre situation. I wanted to know everything about her, so I began with what we had in common.

“How did you turn invisible,” I inquired.

“Oh, I think I always had the power to do so, but it only manifested itself during an emotional fight with my sister. We were out at the Quarry to go cliff jumping into the water. We began fighting and my sister got so angry she pushed me off the edge. I swam to the surface of the water, but when I rose I was invisible and my sister had thought I had drowned. I’ve been trying to figure out how to turn my powers off but could never figure it out.”

“Mine’s a similar story, but it was at work in a chemical plant where I fell into a bath of concentrated acid. The batch must have been made improperly because when I fell in it didn’t hurt me, but it must have turned me invisible.”

The conversation continued as we began to realize we have many common interests and hobbies. We decided to start our new lives in this cabin and soon everybody in town began to know that this cabin was haunted by two ghosts. We enjoyed that part of our powers.
