February 5, 2517-The pad has a panel that flips out.  It collects light from the sun and converts it to electricity, which serves the machine inside.  Every day, I try to keep the panel open as long as possible and read.  So far, it's helped me find rabbits.  I might have starved if this thing hadn't been in that house.

May 11, 2517- I found out what a tutorial is.  It's a lesson about something with a voice and little moving pictures.  It told me about plants, then about planting, and now about something called agriculture.

November 3, 2520- Meru is pregnant.  We're sure we have enough food stored here in the larder to get us through the winter.  Our field was kind to us this year.  Barton has been a good neighbor.  What we taught him about agriculture has helped him to feed his daughter.  

April 10, 2530- A clan came through and demanded tribute.  I killed their leader with the explosives under his feet.  I pointed my staff at him as he laughed at me, then detonated the charges.  His compatriots were terrified.  I told them that all the people of this valley were wizards and if we could not live in peace, we would turn our magics towards destruction, as we did to the world in the time of their fathers.  I made them leave most of their weapons and a bit of food.  Barton, Scott, and Rhumba led the clan out of the valley and spoke about me, letting them know that of all the wizards, I had the worst temper.

August 7, 2530- A pregnant girl showed up.  She begged for help from wizards.  She's terrified and desperate.  A wandering clan told her about The Valley of Wizards and how they could do anything.  I'll try to help.

September 4, 2530- Laura had her baby.  He has no legs.  I hardly know what to tell her.  He seems fine otherwise.  She's naming him Sam after me.

March 17, 2538- I'm calling it the Hospital.  If I'm to believe what wiki has told me, it's the first one in this whole region in 38 years.  Hank and Floë are the first doctors. I will not take the title as I see myself in a different role.

June 1, 2550- The school is well guarded and we've recovered from the invasion.  We killed the leaders of the Six Clans.  They wanted to steal our magic.  They fancied themselves as wizards, too.  I'm glad our curriculum is based on science.

May 25, 2557- My father died today, and I'm taking over his diary, leadership at the school, and his house, where I grew up.  We will never forget his tireless work to recreate the world, piece by piece.-Floë Samsdaughter

May 25, 2558- I have declared that today will be known as Sam Day, in honor of my late father.  I've completed the wiki of his life, and it's available on all the school pads.

May 24, 2574- The football match was a great success!  The Massachusetts Clan have been good visitors.  They have a school of their own.  We've copied all of our wikis to their own pads.  Next year, we plan on another expedition, possibly out west. I look forward to the feast tomorrow.

June 3, 2606- Mother Floë has passed.  She will be buried tomorrow next to her parents, Sam and Meru, in the graveyard. Students are already carving her stone.  As lead Wikipediast and School Administrator, I am proud to add Lead Diarist to my titles.- Elizabeth Fortescue

March 17, 2670- Another shipment from Oregon has made it through.  This one was Western Coffee, furs, minerals, and seeds.  The expedition leader is Matchless Bromide.  His family are called lead family in his coastal area.  They wish to make a long term treaty with us and forge a trade alliance with us and the Virginia Legislature.

May 25, 2817- At this, the 300th Anniversary of the Reclamation, we honor our forebears, who built a new world on the ashes of the old and grew a new Age of Enlightenment from a single Wikipad and a log house.  May the spirit of Sam Finder, the Wikiwizard, be with you as you gather with your family and friends to feast on a bountiful harvest. -- Chloë Bromide, Lead Diarist, Connecticut Valley School, Sam Finder Hall.