I cocked my eyebrow at Pete, and gave him a once over. I swear those were threads I just saw. I was positive, even, but I couldn't quite make it out again. Of course, I'm being crazy. Spiders don't often take control of humans, in fact I'm not sure they ever did. But still, I couldn't keep the fear out of my voice as I asked Pete, "Are you a colony of spiders controlling my husband?"

Pete shrugged and pantomimed a nervous laugh. *Suspicious.* Why wouldn't he outright deny it? No, of course he couldn't if he was being controlled by a cabal of arachnids, that's *exactly what they would do.* I had to trip them up, I couldn't outright attack him for it, Pete hated whenever I attacked him for being nest of eight-legged freaks. After all these years of marriage, we had built a level of trust, and I wasn't ready to put that at risk. "Pete, you wouldn't lie to me, would you?"

Pete shook his hood vehemently. He crossed his arms and looked down, his face blank with shock. He didn't know how to process this. I loved this man, how could I possibly make him feel like this? I cried and went to hug him, and he hugged me back in the way Pete always does. His arms rested over my shoulders while he nestled me into his chest, stroking my hair in an almost childlike way. He was a little awkward, *but I loved him*.

--------------

"Oh fuck. That was cloooossssse." Gelkthssss looked over to the daddy long legs beside him, "If ssssshe ever findsss out... SSSShe'll leave ussss."

Skrth, the daddy long legs, looked at his friend strangely. "Why are you talking like that? And she won't leave us. She loves us. And we love her. But damn it, our marriage can't afford this kind of stress. She's getting slammed at the hospital, and I think the bank is starting to realize we are not a human, but a great amalgamation of predatory critters..." he looked at Sue, "God, she's even beautiful when she cries."

The spiders, Pete, pulled Sue back and looked at her with an expressionless face and dead look. They smooshed his lips against her forehead, and with most of his hand, wiped away her tears while nimbly poking her in the eye. She laughed, and the colony of Pete kissed her as gently as a group of spiders controlling a human could manage.