Kira and I were on the couch binge-watching the second season of Narcos; it was Taco Tuesday night, and we were both stuffed from dinner. In retrospect, maybe our laziness had more to do with the margaritas – it didn’t really matter. Pajamas were on and we had about twenty minutes left in the episode, after which we figured we’d surrender to our “responsible adult” age and go to bed.


A notification buzzed on her phone. Neither of us tended to pay much mind to our phones during the show; most of the show is subtitled and we’d miss something if we looked down for too long. We ignored the second buzz, then the third. It was probably her best friend, Natasha, at the local dive bar again and Snapchatting fucking everyone in her phone as usual.


Then my phone started buzzing. I’d left it on the end table next to the couch, precariously close to the empty margarita glasses. Kira started to get annoyed with our phones getting blown up. I grabbed the PS4 controller off the floor and paused the show. 


“… what the fuck,” Kira sighed. She opened up her Messages app. Three messages. It was her mom, who lived about 3 hours east of us in the next county over. 


ARE YOU OKAY?

KIRA, ANSWER ME. LET ME KNOW YOU’RE ALRIGHT. STAY INSIDE. DON’T LEAVE, WHEREVER YOU ARE.

I LOVE YOU.


“… oh my God,” she started. “What the fuck is this?”

“Call her and let her know you’re alright – she’s clearly freaking out,” I told her. It wasn’t like her mom to be a helicopter parent or naggy; Kira had been on her own and relatively self-sufficient since college,  and I only ever talked to her family during the occasional birthday/holiday Skype calls or when we went to visit for Thanksgiving or Christmas. We all got along well enough – they liked me, I liked them, but we didn’t have much in common except Kira. Occasionally we’d collaborate for gifts.

I reached over to grab my phone. One text from Kira’s mom, two texts from my buddy Adam, and two texts from my sister, Nina.

HAVE KIRA CALL ME ASAP – STAY INSIDE. 

*Huh. Alright. On it, fam.*

DUDE, STAY THE FUCK INSIDE. TURN YOUR LIGHTS OFF.

ARE YOU SEEING THIS SHIT ON TV?

Adam didn’t worry about much; punching the gas at the tail end of a yellow light was the perfect metaphor to describe him. At times, he could best be described as YOLO-douche incarnate. Regardless, it was unlike him to tell anyone to shelter in place.

LOCK YOUR DOORS RIGHT NOW.

SHUT YOUR CURTAINS. TURN OFF YOUR FUCKING LIGHTS AND DON’T MAKE A SOUND. 

It was about halfway through Nina’s second text that I think I really started to worry. I’d spent too much time watching zombie movies as a teen, so I was familiar with the premise of “lock your doors and windows and hide from the scary monsters outside,” but this didn’t really feel like a played-out movie trope. Nina hated that shit anyway – even if someone was pulling a prank on us, it wouldn’t be her style to participate in one like this. People we knew and cared about were legitimately concerned for our safety.

ALL CIRCUITS ARE BUSY, PLEASE TRY YOUR CALL AGAIN LATER.
“Ryan… what’s going on?” It was almost like I could feel the heat drain from her body. Subtle tones of fear had crept into her voice and she was stiff, statue-esque.

“No idea. Adam said to check out the TV,” I told her. I grabbed the remote and switched to the local channels – who pays for TV anyway? The screen was a crudely-produced message in white text on a black background that reminded me of an MS-DOS console window.

STAY INDOORS AND DO NOT LOOK OUTSIDE.

We stared at the screen in silence.

“Change the channel,” she said, flatly.

I flipped up to the CBS affiliate.

STAY INDOORS AND DO NOT LOOK OUTSIDE.

The ABC affiliate.

STAY INDOORS AND DO NOT LOOK OUTSIDE.

The PBS affiliate.

STAY INDOORS AND DO NOT LOOK OUTSIDE.

I’d never seen anything like this before. No two stations ever have the same emergency message presented the same way unless it’s on a fucking Neapolitan ice cream background. Usually there’s at least some kind of program behind the obnoxious beeping and scrolling ticker feed at the bottom of the screen – this was just oppressive silence.

“Okay, well that’s not helpful,” I said. “Fuck this. One sec.”

It’s the Information Age. We’ve got the world’s news in our fucking pockets, it’s not that hard to figure out what’s happening.

The BBC News app’s LIVE tab always had live news radio. If something seriously big was happening, they’d be on it – or they’d be borrowing the feed of someone who was.

...OUND. EVACUATE IMMEDIATELY, GET TO HIGH GROUND. EVACUATE IMMEDIATELY, GET TO HIGH GROUND. 

The message sounded small from the phone speakers, but the even tone of the voice coming through somehow sounded commanding despite this. None of the other tabs in the app would load – our internet was pretty shitty and things got like that, sometimes, but I noticed that my phone was only getting 1x reception. 

By all rights, this message shouldn’t have been streaming.

The message repeated while we looked at each other in stunned silence.
The warning on the TV winked out. The screen stayed on. 

NO INPUT popped up a moment later. Whoever had been broadcasting the warning message wasn’t doing it anymore.

Her voice was a whimper. “Ryan, what’s going on?” She was pleading with me as if I had an answer. I didn’t. 

“I dunno. This is some weird shit. Try texting your mom, I’m going to try and figure this out,” I said, getting up. I kissed her on the forehead and swished the blanket around her like a cape. The house was suddenly freezing, but I couldn’t tell if it was actually cold or if I just felt cold because I’d been drinking. It didn’t really matter because what the fuck. The blinds in my living room were already drawn to kill the glare on the TV screen, so at least there was that.

STAY INDOORS AND DO NOT LOOK OUTSIDE. What the fuck was all that about? If bad weather is heading your way, they tell you to board up your doors and windows – but they don’t tell you not to look. I ran over all the nightmare scenarios in my head: tsunami, earthquake, wildfire, *a goddamn nuclear attack…*
 
EVACUATE IMMEDIATELY, GET TO HIGH GROUND. Well, that pretty much only worked to avoid a tsunami – but even then, I lived a few hundred feet above sea level. A tsunami wasn’t something I needed to worry about unless we were going to watch a continent get scrubbed like in Deep Impact. Quakes? Fires? High ground didn’t have shit to do with that. Nukes? You don’t want to be on top of a hill for that, you want to be behind one. 

I went back to the bedroom, opening the door slowly. I couldn’t tell you why, but I ducked down and got low – I must’ve looked like I was slinking around in some old Hanna Barbera cartoon – and made my way over to the window opposite my bed. I slowly, carefully, deliberately crept up and peered out onto the street outside.

Nothing out of the ordinary for 10:30 on a Tuesday night. Parked cars, streetlights on, garbage cans out. I lived in a quieter neighborhood, so there wouldn’t be much foot traffic anyway. Nobody had pets, so… seeing nothing was pretty fucking vanilla.

A voice in the back of my head told me to close the blinds anyway. Fuck it. I’d rather be paranoid than vulnerable or dead or whatever the hell it was we were hoping not to be.

I made my way back to the living room, but stopped in my tracks when I found Kira standing at the end of the hallway. She was white as a sheet. Her lip was quivering.

“Did you hear that?”

“No, what was it?”

“It sounded like screaming.”

“I didn’t hear it.”

“I did, and *it was people fucking screaming.*”

A crash from down the street shook the walls. Something had just hit the ground, hard.

*“What the fuck was that, Ryan!?”*

I turned and bolted back into the bedroom, back to the window.

===================================

Still working on this thing. Sorry I'm late to the party! Cliffhanger is *not* intentional, but I've been at it for a couple hours and it's time to take a break.
