“Today I didn’t see the woman on the bus that always stares at me.”

I remember that lady.  Sitting on the ground, leaning against the shelf near the empty slot that held my life’s story, I rubbed my fingers over the footnotes.  I never knew her name, but I saw her daily for almost three years.  Every morning on the way to work, I would catch her staring.  I never knew her name or anything about her.  I don’t even think I saw any part of her besides her face.  It’s funny how that can happen.  I guess now is my chance.  

It takes most of the afternoon to climb the stairs and find where her book was located.  The building is enormous, but clean.  I never saw any one working.  In fact, I never saw another soul in there.  Nonetheless I’ve managed to keep myself entertained.  I really don’t know how long I’ve been here, but reading the stories of everyone who has ever lived is fascinating.  I climb a ladder and reach out for her book.  It is a little thicker than mine and a deep black.  The edges aren’t worn, and the spine isn’t cracked.  It’s in almost perfect condition.  I settle down and skim the index.  Beside my name are hundreds of entries.  It made my stomach lurch.   

“I saw his new whore today on the bus.  Amanda.  She met him in a bar and I think she slept with him the first night.”  

“Amanda has lasted longer than I thought.  He only dated me for a few weeks.  He’s been with her for two months.”

Hate drips from every page over the span of over two years.  My face heats with anger and insecurity.  Every bad thought I’ve ever had about myself were inked in this woman’s book.  My hands trembled and my eyes welled as I flipped through the pages.  Then my blood grew cold and the muscles in my face tightened as I read, “It looks like that whore is having his baby.  She’s starting to show.  He looks so proud and stupid next to her.  That is supposed to be my baby.”  

I read about her sleepless night of planning and of her waiting in my hallway until I left for work.  She waited in my apartment all day, going through my photo albums and drawers.  Her spiteful commentary as she ransacked the nursery we had been preparing.  I read about how she snuck up behind me and bludgeoned me with the wooden elephant lamp that my mother in law had given us for the nursery.  The pages of her pristine book absorbed my tears as I cried and read about the neighbor calling 911 and the police apprehending her.  But I couldn’t help but smile as I read the very last line, “The paramedics couldn’t get there in time to stop Amanda from bleeding out on her kitchen floor while she clutched that asshole’s *baby (C1546, d5648, 3F)* in her stomach.”
