Charles closed his eyes, then opened them again. In an instant, gone was his quaint, suburban town of Norman, Oklahoma, now replaced with a vibrant, beautiful landscape, painted with aquamarine and fuchsia and what appeared to be tall, thin mountains in the distance. The air was, to Charles's surprise, hospitable, though it carried an aftertaste of what he could only clarify as saltwater taffy. He looked around, seeing small, amaranth-like vegetation about ankle-high for as long as he could see. Not what he'd predicted - he'd thought he'd be put in some kind of scientific chamber, or in the middle of a metropolis, not out in the wilderness, without even a single person to acco-

"Ah, yes, Overlord Charles has arrived! I would venture to guess the transfer went correctly, as you are not displaying any human-like pronouncements of pain, i.e. screaming, crying, yelling. Correct?"

Charles turned on a dime to face the source of this voice, only to be greeted with yet more thin mountains in the distance.

"Down here, Overlord!"

Charles looked down to see a small, squat, teal-skinned fellow not reaching up to his shins. His top and bottom halves were separated quite jarringly, though connected by a small, purple cord. The top half, floating not a centimeter above the bottom, had what seemed to be several appendages all around, each grasping some small instrument or tool fixated on Charles's left shin. The bottom half was less for Charles to take in - a round, half-spherical shape with two 'legs' that seemed altogether normal, except for the fact that they appeared to be half-dug into the ground. Charles stared, taking in the fascinating new creature, the buzzing and beeping of the instruments falling to the wayside until a small \*thwap\* hit his shin. Charles winced and let out a meek "Ow."

"Good, good. So you ARE exhibiting the pronouncements of pain concurrent with the amount of pain inflicted. I would hate for our Overlord to be in excruciating pain and simply not be acknowledging it to myself! My apologies for my crude testing, have to make do with field instruments. Trans-universal teleportation is quite an accurate science, even a smidge off and \*boop\*! There goes another Over -" The teal-skin fellow stopped him self for half a second, "Goodness me, I haven't even introduced myself! If my birther were here, they would have me tied over my cord! Apologies, Overlord. I am Sendillitrix Bxnasev Urbnoveratuc Darfd. Delighted to meet you!"

"Nice to meet you, Sendilli...trip Bixnew...sorry, what was it again?"

"Hah! You really thought that was my name?" The teal-skinned creature chuckled while messing about with one of his instruments, "Delightful, oh what fun! No, my name is simply Dac the 27th, just Dac will do. Now then, my rudimentary analysis is complete, you seem to be in full working order minus a little bit of hypocommunciative dysfunction. Do you have any questions for me, Overlord?"

"Just the one, Dac," Charles responded. The teal-skinned creature now known as Dac looked up at him expectantly. 

 "Why me?"