"Oo-hoo. Smooth plan, bro. Just going to slip out the Apple Mac and make like Jeff Goldblum, huh?"

I turned to look at him. "Are you going to help or not?"

Jack gave his serious look - or as close to serious as that face ever could manage - then crossed his eyes, as if someone had slapped him on the face. "EERrrrrrrr....NOT!"

I paused, closed the laptop - why the damn aliens hadn't taken it off me I had no idea - and stared back at him with incredulity.

"Why not? We're both prisoner..."

"No-charoney, cabroney. I am not a prisoner of these inter-dimensional beings. And aliens is just a touch racist, you know?"

"What? Why the hell are you here?"

"Why?" Jack leapt up, somehow going into a star jump. "Because it's friggin' awesome! Look around you! It's a shiny fest of amazing futurology."

"That's...That's not what futurology means! I..." I paused. Caught my breath, slumped down the metal sides of the ship. I assume they were metal - I just wasn't willing to ask him in case he did an impromptu air guitar solo and rock horns. Instead, I summoned up the Zen tranquility I could only find when Pauly Shore movies forced me to blot out existence beyond my own thoughts. 

Status check. I'm alive. On a space ship of some kind, that's clear. With Jack Black, for some reason. Still fully dressed, which bodes well. Still with my laptop. I opened it up, Jack collapsing down next to me like we were bros that had just tucked into the sweetest of burritos together. 

I prayed for the Zen peaks of *Bio Dome* to forget that I'd used the term 'bro'. 

"So, you a fan of my movies?"

"I liked *Mars Attacks!*."

"What? Pft. I mean, I get it, it's fitting, but I died as soon as the aliens landed. OMG, SPOILER! I meant the classics. *Gulliver's Travels*. *Shallow Hal*. *Tropic Thunder*. Yeah, I was in that," he over-emphasised the word, screwing his finger into the floor, "though everyone only remembers RDJ."

There was a reason for that. I opened up the laptop again.

"*High Fidelity*. That was OK. *School of...*" I caught myself before I said it. Too late.

"Roooooooooooooooooooooooocccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccckkkkkkkkkkkkk."

I groaned. "Look, you might be OK up here, but I'm not. I want to get out. And... wait."

"What?" Suddenly he was leaning over. "What is it, bro? Discovered something critical? Something important?"

"WHY DO ALIENS HAVE WI-FI?"

"I told you. Not aliens. Inter-dimensional beings. And I have nooooo idea. They never really expla..."

"And why does the Wi-Fi say I'm in...'Jackareeno's Cribarino'?" 

I closed the laptop. Black looked sheepish.

"Where am I, Jack?"

"Inter-dimensional..."

"Where. Am. I. Jack."

"I get lonely..."

"WHERE AM I JACK?"

"Fine. You're in my basement. I just like space ships, and wanted to hang with someone. I totally didn't kidnap you or anything. Ha! That would be ridiculous! Like, you know. I wouldn't do that. Like how I wouldn't pretend to be a teacher to a bunch of kids I didn't know, or commit serial murders and get my town to cover it up, or - ha ha ha - how I convinced a life coach to hypnotise me to see fat chicks as hot women."

I swallowed, and stared into those maniacal eyes, recounting his movies one by one. I hated myself that I even got the references. Reality was once again infringing on my zen.

"Can... can I go?"

He hung his head sadly. "'Fraid not."

"Why not?"

"Well... this may not be a space ship, but the inter-dimensional beings, they're real. And they have instructions." He rose, and walked back, a crazed smile widening below those crazed eyes. My throat tightened.

"And what... what do they say?"

Jack smiled and pulled out a knife concealed somewhere I didn't want to think about. "They need payment. The beings... they need payment for life on Earth to continue. And that's a blood sacrifice. Sorry bro."  

"Wait! Jack! Wait..."

"No can do," he replied, voice lifting into a shrill imitation of singing. "You are not the greatest person in the world. You are just their tribute..."