*Beijing, China, in Party Headquarters*

With Western imperial countries essentially powerless and the Communist ideology in strong resurgence throughout the world, there was only one place left to go: Russia. China’s people and the Party demanded it because it was the next logical step to securing a world safe from capitalist endeavors. Russia, once the bastion of liberty and equality, turned into a broken serfdom of private ownership protected by “militias” which were no more than hired thugs. To turn the world anew and usher a new world peace, China would need Russia to reclaim its Communist mantle on the world stage. 

“What Russia once did for China, China will do for Russia” became the mantra at the Party politburo and some at the National Party Congress.

General Li Han was called before the Party politburo, a small elite of 25 people who led the Communist government. 

“We do not like the tone you are taking with the rest of the party, General,” Stephanie Chan said to Li. In the front of a hall were some of China’s most powerful political leaders, seated behind opulent desks with two tiers. “To quote, ‘China cannot afford to send more men to Russia. We are too weak from our last war that we barely won. Our dreams must be tampered by reality.’ Let me ask you General Li, do you know what is at stake here?”

General Li shifted uncomfortably in his seat. He noticed Stephanie’s slight American-english accent in her mandarin. “Madam, yes,” he said leaning into his table, “we are about to send men to topple a dictatorship regime, while we are the on the edge of instability at home. You have a dream to bring Communism to the world. With respect, I say, we cannot afford it now.”

Stephanie Chan snapped back, “What would you say about our North Korean allies, who already occupy parts of far east Russia? Are we to leave them alone and face obliteration from Russia’s forces? Have you no regard for your fellow Communist?”

“Again, with respect madam, we can support the North Koreans by-“

“By sending them goodwill packages?!” Stephanie snapped at Li.

“By providing rear-detachment aid such as medical supplies, money and food. The Koreans will be able to hold what they won.” Stephanie scoffed. The rest of the Politburo whispered quietly to themselves about the terse exchange. 

Stephanie heard two tables down her colleague say, “He’s the only one who can architect such a plan…”

“Maybe I’ve been too harsh, let us pause, and let me ask you what we would need to win Russia?” Stephanie asked.

“First, time. Half of our divisions are not battle ready for a Russian winter and a vicious march through wastelands. That will be at least six months from now. Second, equipment, since some of our units are still using things acquired from the West’s losses. That’s including their cars, armored carriers and in some cases, rifles and ammunition. Third, more soldiers.  We will need at least four hundred thousand.”

Stephanie narrowed her gaze at General Li, “You will get only two hundred thousand.”

General Li knew he had a long fight ahead of him.

—

Stephanie went to sleep that night, rehashing her words to General Li. It looked like the General will remain obstinate to his cause. “If I am to claim the world as my own - and not repeat the mistakes of my past lives - I’ll have to kill General Li.” She resigned herself to assassinating General Li and naming herself the Grand Marshall of the People’s Army. Once she made that decision, sleep came easy to her. Russia and its winter will be no match for her and her Army.