I noticed the wide space left, by people avoiding her, first.

"Man, that lady's so pretty even the girls are scared to get caught looking t her." I thought to myself as I walked towards home. A few canned ravioli and a box of crackers bounced together with each step I took.

The lady walked in a subtle glide. Each step masked by her long dress. It was so smooth you could never determine when either foot would fall. Her hands didn't even give away movement, they were clasped in front of her holding a small handbag. Her cool white skin seemingly made of milky water was pure marble without the gray colors. Her raven hair lay in shiny straight lines beside her face. 

I drew her attention as I stared at her, regretting it almost immediately. I never intended to embarrass her. I never really got stared at, I assume "embarrassed" was how you felt when you caught someone watching you. I sucked in a deep, sharp breath, bit my bottom lip, and proceeded to do something I'd never done before. I went to go talk to a pretty lady.

"I, I think, I think I'm sorry." I mumbled in my assassination of English as a language.

"You... think?" She said with a coy smile pulling up the right corner of her lip.

"I mean, what I mean is I *am* sorry. I just don't know if I should be or not." I flubbed further. Why couldn't my mouth, word, or my mind, brain?

"Let's try this." She said raising the other side of her lip with the other. "Why do you *think* you should be sorry?"

"I was looking at you and you're pretty. So, I am sure you're probably tired of being stared at by people like me who think you're pretty. I didn't want to think you were pretty and stare at you because you were pretty but you are pretty... and, and I'm making things worse now." I managed to say in a single unbroken breath. "Could you just, ya know, go ahead and kill me."

Her eyes shot open wide and focused on mine for a brief second after that last sentence.

"So, you do know? You do know who I am?" All color and cheer now gone from her voice.

"I may? I don't think I recognize you, did we go to school together? If so, I am really sorry, I've kinda lost touch with everyone and forget names and faces really easily." At least the words were coherent and made some kind of a sense.

"So, you don't know me then?" She said with a look of complete befuddlement on her face.

"I guess, well I guess not. Are you famous? I am even worse with actor's names and faces than I am with real people. I've watched entire movies before trying to remember where I'd seen the lead actor before, only to realize on the way out that it's a sequel." If you're going to fail, fail big they say. It's always best to imply that not only are you disrespectful and incompetent but also very, very stupid.

"I am famous, in a sense..." She said as her smile returned.

"You're not like the U.S. president or something are you? Because I might not ever live that embarrassment down." I said returning her smile.

She actually laughed. Like a light bark. It was almost as if it were an action she'd completely forgotten she could take.

"Anyways, I really am sorry for staring at you. I just had never seen a lady as lovely as you and thought that if I missed the chance to look at you for as long as I could, that I might regret it. I don't spend a lot of time regretting things but that feels like one thing I might have to make an exception for." Imply you're a stalker! Wonderful idea! I regained my footing, it felt like, only to fall directly onto my ass.

"I do not mind. I don't think many people even glance at me, let alone stare. To find one of you who sees me so, it is quite endearing." She spoke as if from a time long since forgotten. In an unfamiliar accent.

"I never do this. I promise I never do but, would you, would you want to maybe grab lunch?" I managed to squeeze out before the nerve left me.

She stood completely still. Not that she'd moved much before but her motions were now imperceptible. The width of her eyes did not inspire much hope, yet before she spoke again she smiled an almost goofy toothy grin.

"I have never been asked, as such. It would be agreeable to me." She said, letting the corners of her eyes scrunch into the smile. "Would now be acceptable?"

I smiled in a much larger manner than she had. "Of course. Now is perfect."

to be continued.