“What do you mean ‘fired’?”  
“Oh shit, you’re fucked.”  
“Shut up, Cleasz,” the orc hissed back.  
Amaria, the priestess, pinched the bridge of her nose and squeezed her eyes closed in frustration. “You can’t just go around threatening people on Earth.” This wasn’t the first time she had had to explain this concept to the group. Hell, it happened so often she thought about house ruling that it was okay. But she would be damned if she let these players ruin her story.  
“Can I talk my way out of it?”  
The group laughed at the orc.  
“It would be like,” the priestess shook her head as if trying to brush away a troublesome blowfly. “It’s at least a DC of 50 and I know you can’t make that. You need to do something though cause he’s probably going to call the cops on you.”  
“Those are the guards,” interjected Cleasz helpfully. The goblin nursed a particular fondness of terrorizing the orc warlord.  
“I can’t threaten this bastard but I sure as hell can threaten you,” the orc said as he reached for his sword. But it wasn’t there. That was another rule the priestess had had to enforce since a few of the early sessions had resulted in some light maiming. Frustrated, the orc turned back to the game. “What am I supposed to do? I have those damn bills you keep giving me and without this job I can’t send little,” he consulted his character sheet, “Billy junior to private school and my,” another glance at the sheet, “Wife will have my head.”  
“Right, but your more immediate problem is still dealing with your boss. He’s already called security to escort you from the building.”  
“Maybe,” came the needled drawl of the necromancer, “You should just kill him, get arrested, and then roll a new character.”  
“No,” the priestess said quickly, “you’re seeing this through one way or another. Even if you are arrested there are whole other story lines I can make because Earth prisons aren’t like ours and there are a lot of things that can happen in there. Plus, it takes them years to execute people instead of days. They’re a lot different.” She hoped that was enough of a threat to make the warlord back down because it was almost entirely a bluff. What the hell kind of story could she tell in a prison?  
The orc cursed and consulted his character sheet once more. “I’ll roll diplomacy then.”  
“To do what?”  
“Not get the cops called on me.”  
“And what will you say?” That should stump the orc for a few minutes to let the priestess think of different ways to handle the situation. Amaria didn’t want to blacklist his character and throw the whole group into disarray; not when they were so close to their next objective.  
“Uhh,” boulder sized hands scratched at the orc’s stubbled chin, “I guess, I’m sorry?”  
Cleasz laughed again, “Don’t hurt yourself there.”  
“It’s a good start,” Amaria said, casting the goblin a venomous stare.  
Dice rolled.  
“Okay, he accepts your apology, but you’re still fired. Your boss looks at you more with pity than fear now and says he won’t mention this to other employers so you could possibly find another job which is super generous of him because he could make a few phone calls and no one would hire you. They allow you time to gather your things before escorting you out of the building.”  
“I guess I need to do a sending to my wife?”  
“You mean make a phone call?” The goblin cackled as the necromancer corrected the orc.  
“She is going to kill you,” Cleasz said gleefully.   
“She can’t,” the orc turned to Amaria, doubt in his eyes, “Can she?”  
“It happens sometimes, but no your wife won’t actually kill you. Thankfully you rolled an IT character so finding jobs isn’t too big of a problem. They’re kind of Earth’s equivalent of wizards so people always need them for different things and there are a lot of ways to specialize. Plus, you get programming in two levels which gives you a lot more freedom.”  
“He’ll need it when he gets fired again.” Cleasz’s laugh was cut short as the warlords hands wrapped around his throat. High pitched squeals like a dire rabbit filled the dungeon as the warlord throttled his teammate.  
Amaria pinched the bridge of her nose again as she cast a freezing spell on the two.  
“You know,” the necromancer said as he stood, “I think that might be a record. You only had to freeze them six times tonight.” He gathered his character sheet and model cars. “Same time next week?”  
“I’ve got a summoning so I might be a bit late, but yeah; same time next week.”
