Do you know what permeates the afterlife?


I mean, given my own personal inclinations, I would've said "nothing" -- you know, like those nights when you don't dream, you're just... gone. And you keep being gone until you no longer aren't; then the *waa-waa-waa* of the alarm and off you go, back neck-deep into the rat race. Until, as it were, you get off the kharmic bus and bite the big one and then, again, more nothing.


Hoo boy, was I wrong.


Turns out that what permeates the *immediate* afterlife is, for lack of a better term, a gaggle.


"Would you all kindly shut up, I can't hear myself think!"


The gods did not appear to notice. This is a defining feature of gods after all. Their voices washed over me, again and again, in cacophonous waves:


"And thou shalt enter through the narrow gate. For wide is the gate and broad is the road that leads to destruction, and many--"


"--the flesh of Sæhrímnir melts in your mouth, the mead is strong and the Valkyries, let me tell you about the--"


"--ride with the sun, it's quite a sight really, and dance in the Fields of Yalu--"


"--literally right on the edge of the ocean and you can use it up to ten weeks per year--"


"--absolute nothingness, the ultimate experience of satisfaction and--"


I sat with my head in my hands, bent like a post-limelight Quasimodo pondering for whom the bell tolls. Well, turned out it tolled for me alright, loud and clear, I just couldn't hear it. Nor did I hear the fire alarm that morning, but hey, at least I got to go out in my sleep. Didn't leave much behind in the way of relatives or friends. And at least my cats would have my carcass to feed on until someone came to take care of them.


"I just don't know!" I wailed. "This wasn't supposed to happen. Y'all aren't even supposed to exist!"


This, at least, at last, silenced them. Well, everyone except the guy with the brochure, the slightly sleazy smile and the straw hat; on the other hand, he'd already proceeded into the mass of gods surrounding me, his "--cheaper alternative than almost all hotels--" trailing off as he put his arm around an unsuspecting Celtic-looking fellow.


"Right", said one of the gods at the front, a fat and jovial man with a large beard, haphazardly wrapped in a toga, a harp tucked under his flabby arm. "And nevertheless, you have to choose one of us to believe in."


"*Why*?" I demanded. "It's not like any of you did anything for me when I was alive."


"Er...", said Fortuna.


"OK, so there may have been a few favors here and there--"


"Uh...", interjected Hotei.


"--but, Jesus Christ--"


"Yes?"


"No! Just, ugh, *none* of you woke me up to save me from the fire, right?"


"You had free will!" objected the abomination I'd learned was known simply as God: one human body, eight elderly male heads with long beards, sparse but long and wavy hair, and stern expressions.


"You could have *not* played video games all night", said Sheeva peevily. "Then maybe--"


"Fine", I conceded. "But none of you helped me out when my car broke down, just as I'd gotten laid off, and there was that one time--"


"These are all earthly things and not important in the grand scheme of things", said Afrodite, winking suggestively.


"Yeah, what she said", added Zeus, constructively.


"This is about your soul, mate", said a man so dark-skinned as to be almost black, save for the dribbling of blue paint around his mouth.


"You're going to be there *forever*", said Pan, shifting his cloven feet. "S'important. Which is why you should choose--"


And the gaggle resumed, one god after another trying to pawn off their particular version of afterlife, the noise drowning out all thought and sense of time. Maybe that was the joke; maybe this was all it was. Hell.


"--الجَنَّة في اللغة هي البُسْتان، ومنه الجَنّات، وتصغيرها جنينة، والعرب تسمّي النخيل جَنَّة، والجَنَّةُ الحَديقةُ ذات الشجر والنخل، وجمعها"


"--and you will be chanting the Ustavaiti Gathas with joy, basking in the--"


"--it also comes with an AC for those really hot summer days--"


I just couldn't take it anymore. I stood.


"YOU!" I roarded, pointing randomly into the crowd. Silence fell on the gathering, insidious like a fart at a funeral.


The gathered gods parted before my trembling digit like a particularly holy sea, revealing the target of my choice. It stood in an expanding circle of deities, shuddering briefly with excitement. I lowered my arm and sighed with reluctant acceptance. Whatever came next could not possibly be worse than this, right?


"I've made my choice", I said, glancing over at my chosen deity, who was now breaking into a smile. It came over to me, and put its arm around my shoulders. The other gods turned away grumpily, grumbling.


"Yousa and missa is goin to has some funny-funny!", said my god, as we faded from that plane of reality.