As the group sat around the president's desk it was readily apparent that no one wanted to comment on the data they'd just been given. 

Finally president Sutherland said "Can we ignore it?  I mean China and the Koreans wouldn't be a devastating lose."

With an emotion that couldn't even begin to describe sorrow the chief science officer says, "Sir, Kiefer, even though the solar expulsion will hit there the heatwave will wrap around the planet ten fold incinerating everything and baking people we put in the bunkers. This isn't even end game, this is you evening a coach and watching your team lose from a thousand miles away. To put it simply we die."

Some anonymous face in the group stated "The only real question we have is if we tell the general public."

"Mr. President, General Armstrong, I think we need to avoid telling them. General panic would rip what good time we have apart. We'd probably gain 1-2 extra hours. The other military powers agree it is the best option"

President Sutherland thought for a minute and questioned the general, "We still have the phone number"

General Armstrong burst out laughing "that number is an old wives tale passed down president to president. Even if someone answered we have no idea who it would be."

"Do you have any other options besides roll over and take it like a 5 dollar whore?"

With that he opened his desk drawer and pulled out a stickie note. He dialed the phone with no hesitation which lead to dead air. 

"You've decided to call me now that the world is ending?" Said the booming voice that seemed both musical and as if it was every voice at once yet was very soothing and comforting. 

"We don't really have any dither option do we?  I'll be honest, I don't really know how this works...  I don't mean to sound rude but is this were we ask or..." hesitantly "pray?"

The voice laughs with the resonance of a ground bells. "No. I have conditions which must be met.  First call the Pope and tell him you've got the big man on the phone. You must use that phrase exactly. BIG MAN. Then jointly with the major religious leaders of the world you will announce that I have saved the world.  That's it."

Someone in the crowd yelled "But that will cause major civil unrest"

Angrily the voice bellowed "AND FAILING TO DO SO WILL BE YOUR DESTRUCTION.   But do understand that even if I save you there will be a price. First all your farm animals will die. Then their caregivers. Then the radiation will burn your skin. Then you will be tempted to bow before another. If you do you will have all the riches you could desire. But if you choose me, you'll get what you deserve"

Flash forward 6 months and the world has a new major religion. All bibles, all texts, anything that says god has been replaced with the term "Big Guy". The world is rebuilding but hasn't yet realized it's true test hasn't even come. 

In a park two gentlemen sit observing the surroundings. One looked like a grandfather. The other was beautiful. The young one had rings and gems and necklaces all of which were so vibrant they had to be fake. 

The older gentleman quietly says "Well here we are again. Did we learn anything we didn't before."

The lovely one says "yes. It's easier to trick the whole of human kind than it is to get Job to turn his back on you"