New Life Smart lense 3000 has crashed. 

... Running RESURECT.EXE

Jade had never been any good with computers. The contact lenses weren't working. She cursed raising her hand to take them out. They had never shown messages like this before. She'd have to do without google maps.

She grit her teeth and walked. No job interview is complete without something going wrong, she thought to herself. Keep going straight, it can't be that far. 

A voice in her head screamed. She ignored it as best she could. It had been there as long as she could remember. A roundabout. She was lost. The little voice screamed not to go left. Don't go. 

"Excuse me, are you okay?" She jumped as a tall man in suit looked kindly at her. 
"I'm a little lost and my lenses have broken. Do you know were Falworth house is?" Jade enquired.
As it happened, the man was headed for the same interview as her. She followed him around the corner despite the voice saying not to go that way.

She was proud of herself. She'd never said no to it. She was in control for the first time in her life. The interview went smoothly. The view from the 6th floor was rather dramatic and the office seemed nice. 

ERROR HAS OCCURED. RESSURECT.EXE NOT RESPONDING. SHUTTING DOWN.

Jade checked her eyes. The lenses were in her pocket. Smoke. Fire. The stairs were cut off. Everyone headed for the emergency exits. They couldn't get out. Choking.

Everything went black.



New Life Smart Lense 3000 has crashed.

... Running RESSURECT.EXE

Jade woke up. She'd just been in a burning building. What had happened after that? A car crash. A falling tree. 

Now she was in a hospital bed. She couldn't move. She couldn't do anything. 

A nurses voice.

"I'm sorry Mrs King. We couldn't stop the bleeding to your daughters brain in time. Her body is slowly shutting down. She isn't going to wake up. She'll be gone completely in a few weeks." 

Jade was confused. She remembered this. She'd been knocked off her bike and hit her head. The coma had lasted a month. But this was wrong; there had been no permanent damage. The helmet. The little voice had told her to wear her helmet and she hadn't. She'd disobeyed the voice for the first time.

Her mother sat crying. The nurse left her.

Minutes passed. Eventually the crying stopped. Her mother sighed.

"I'm sorry Jade. I love you."

A pillow covered her face. A line of code ran past her eyes. 

ERROR HAS OCCURED. 

RESSURECT.EXE NOT RESPONDING. SHUTTING DOWN.

She woke up. It all felt like a bad dream. Her body was moving, about to walk down the stairs. She wasn't moving it.

"Stop!" She screamed at herself, realising who the little voice at the back of her head had been all along. Her mind didn't listen. The all too familiar line of code ran in front of her eyes and everything clicked into place. She couldn't save herself anymore.

New Life Smart Lense 3000 has crashed.

... Running RESSURECT.EXE