(Pathfinder-specific, since the prompt doesn't specify it has to be D&D).

Erikur the Violator was a brute, even by the standards of an Ulfen. He short-tempered, dull-witted, prone to reacting to violence over even the slightest provocation, and had no qualms about breaking the law if he thought he could get away with it. Worse, he was that terrible combination of outright misogynist and sexual sadist; women, in his eyes, were playthings, nothing more, and it was not his fault if he broke his "toys" by "playing too rough" with them". Nobody knew how many barmaids, streetwalkers and dockside doxies had found out he hard way why he was called "the Violator", but half the taverns and brothels in Port Peril had banned him....and in a place as lawless and violent as the Shackles, it took a lot to get banned. His "allies" aboard the Redfin were not exactly saints - nobody who earns a place among the Free Captains is - but his actions were beginning to reflect badly on the rest of he crew. A few taverns had forgiven the rest of the crew and allowed them back, under the condition that Erikur found another place to drink, but more than a few refused to serve them so long as they were associated with him. In truth, they only tolerated him because he was  damn good in his role as master-at-arms; his ferocious attack on the decks of enemy ships had won many battles for the Redfin, and earned them much plunder. Even so, they had grown weary of his actions, and even more weary of his justification of "acting as any proud Ulfen raider should".

The final straw came while in port after a raid. The Lamia, a ship with an all-female crew, had sailed into port and docked alongside the Redfin. Its captain, a stunning Bekyar woman named Okoye, had rather loudly turned down Erikur's advances, and made remarks about his manhood. Everyone on the docks had laughed...except for Erikur, who took the slight against his masculinity poorly. The next morning, a member of the Lamia's crew stumbled board the ship, naked, battered, and sobbing; she had been attacked on the street, and told that "the same fate awaited the rest of her whore crew". She did not name her attacker, and a local tavern claimed Erikur had been there all night, drinking up a storm and being surprisingly well behaved, but his crewmates knew. They'd seen this far too many times before, and now the possibility of another ship seeking retaliation against their was all too real. Unfortunately, without actual proof, they could not simply turn him over, nor could they punish him for it, and thus it seemed Erikur would get away with yet another act of violence.

He did not know that I, "Silk", was a close friend of Captain Okoye. I was a "Stinger", a devotee of Calistria who had a singular purpose - dealing with problems. Problems like Erikur. I had a past as dark and tumultous as the eternal hurricane to the north, and suffice it to say, I had made it a specialty of mine to "straighten out" problematic men...permanently. In truth, I had had my eye on the brute for a while now, and had learned a good deal about him. Okoye didn't even need to pay me. I'd do this one for free.

That evening, I found Erikur in a tavern not far from the shore. A few gold coins, a whispered word, and several dockworkers challenged the brute to a drinking contest. The Ulfen was known for his immense capacity for alcohol, and sure enough, he eventually drank his challengers under the table. As he did so, I insinuated myself next to him, feigning interest in his actions. Even without a barrel of ale in his belly, Erikur was too foolish to see through most deceptions, and I was an exceptionally talented liar; Calistria was as much a goddess of trickery as one of lust and revenge, and I had been professionally lying to men for years. Naturally, he took interest in me; I was young, I was beautiful, and I was, to his eyes, willing. It took little to convince him to follow me upstairs to a room. I will spare the details of what happened next; it was not the first time I had "allowed" myself to be used. I needed him worn out. I could not take him in a straight fight, and that was not my plan anyways.

Sure enough, he finished, and being drunk and worn out, passed out. I crept out of the bed, moving silently to the closet. I had chosen this room for a reason. Sure enough, my equipment was there. I silently donned my armor, preparing myself mentally for what came next. "Silk" the doxy was very different from "Silk" the killer; if you'd met one on the street, you'd never know she was also the other. I did not expect he would wake, but to be safe, I drank the potions I had brought with me; should he somehow rise to defend himself, I would need the defensive abilities they provided. I crept back across the room, still utterly silent; I'd mastered moving across floorboards without making a sound. Erikur did not stir, even as I climbed into the bed next to him. He was that drunk, and never particularly observant. He never even knew what was going on until stabbed my punching dagger straight through his throat. Amazingly, he was not immediately slain, and even managed to rise from the bed, grabbing desperately at me and searching for his greataxe. It was gone; I had slipped it into the closet as I prepared to deliver the finishing blow. I didn't have to do anything else; I simply stayed out of his reach as he bled out, finally succumbing to his injuries. Tough as he was, nobody survives the kind of ragged, bleeding wound I left in his throat.

I know not what happened in the next few days, for I departed for Quent to lay low, as I always did after a kill. From what I later heard from Okoye, though, the crew of the Redfin did not seem particularly upset about the loss of their master-at-arms.