The cat's tail twitched. 
The lizard's tongue flicked. 
The clock ticked, and the day passed as the two creatures stared at each other; one given free reign of the home and the other trapped behind the glass of his enclosure. Sometimes the days seemed very long.

The lizard had captured the cat's interest from the start, and while she was used to the little creature now, his darting movements continued to catch her eye. The cat wasn't sure why her human had brought the lizard home, after all, it didn't cuddle and purr like she did. It didn't have silky fur, or tickling whiskers, or padded paws for kneading the human's lap before settling down on it. Instead, it lived it's life in it's glass enclosure, basking in the heat of an orange lamp and crawling up the sides as if to get a better view of it's surroundings. Although, the cat had to admit, the heat lamp did seem like a nice feature. 

The cat, too, had captured the interest of the lizard. He was comfortable in the safety of his enclosure but did often wonder what it was like to be out there, with the cat, able to roam the house. He also wondered what the human saw in the cat. The cat didn't have pretty scales like his, or a tongue able to taste the air around it. The cat wasn't small and easy to hold like he was either, though if he was honest with himself, he was still a little unsure of being held by the human. The cat did have a tail, but his was much longer and not nearly as fluffy. What did the cat need all that fur for anyway? Did the cat not have a lamp like his? 

The clock kept ticking.
The cat's tail twitched as she bunched up her haunches and took a leap on to a table near the lizard's enclosure. 
The lizard's tongue flicked as he scurried over to the wall closest to where the cat had placed herself. 

*The cat has eyes quite like mine*, thought the lizard. 

*The lizard has eyes quite like mine*, thought the cat. 

The cat twitched her tail, more interested in the reptile than ever before. The lizard flicked his tongue, more intrigued by the cat than he had been before. 

"Can you climb?" 

"Yes, can you?"

"Yes."

"Do you have claws?"

"Yes, do you?"

"Of course."

"Do you like bugs?"

"I love them."

"I like them too. They're very tasty."

"Your tail is interesting, I like it."

"I like yours too, it's very pretty."

"Thank you."

Silence fell as both thought upon their conversation. They both climbed, and liked bugs, and though their tails were different, each could appreciate that aspect in the other. (Though the car liked her fur more, and the lizard much preferred his scales.) The cat began to purr quietly to herself and the lizard settled his head down upon the lining of his enclosure, relaxing. The clock ticked, but neither creature noticed it much this time. 

When the human came home in the early evening, he was surprised that the cat wasn't waiting for him by the door. Every day she would greet him by meowing at him a reminder to fill her food dish. Looking for her, his eyes widened in surprise at what he saw. There, curled tightly to the side of the enclosure with the heat lamp, was the cat asleep and content. Even more to his surprise, instead of hiding the lizard had placed itself along the same wall, basking in the heat of his lamp and enjoying the subtle purring of the cat. 


(First time doing one of these writing prompts, be gentle with me Reddit.)