Nobody ever told us that cartoon "Avatar" was a cautionary tale...

Well, at least parts of it anyway.  The parts about the wars, the mistrust of others, the weird tribalism, that's the stuff that really stuck.  As soon as that wave hit us, it was game over for society as we knew it.  They told us it was a 'wave of distortion in our local space-time bleeding the fabric of one reality over ours', but all we needed to know was the wave came, and all of us became benders.  Not the same as the show mind you, we originally just found the joke funny.  

What they told us is the wave unlocked something inside all of us from when we were born.  The older you were, the weaker it was, but kids born right around the wave were insane.  And it wasn't cut-and-dry like that show either; you didn't just get one of the original "Earth, Wind, Fire, Water" powers; you got something based a little messier.  Get born in Ohio?  You got earth and some wind.  Desert?  Heat, which with enough will applied became fire, wind, very minute earth.  Rain forests were the luckiest, full spectrum of water, earth, wind, and fire.  

What they *didn't* tell us was somebody was born outside the norm.  Right at the point when the wave crashed over Earth, someone was exiting the womb in space.  It took awhile for the repercussions of this to take effect, but once he hit the age where powers start to manifest, it was chaos.  

It took a few years for things to really break down.  At first the world governments wanted to try to keep the peace, keep things the way they had been; but when your mother country starts to realize the young quads (all four elements) were capable of leveling cities in tornadoes of rocky-fire, things went kinda nuts.  Solos became outcasts.  Nobody wanted to try their luck with just one ability, especially after it became apparent the effects were genetic and would pass down.  However strong you were when the wave hit, that's how strong your line would be, the only way to make things better was to get in good with someone stronger and hope they'd make a baby with you.  

But that space kid.  Man, he really fucked things up.  

NASA was really the only group that knew he was there.  Well, them and the crew of the ISS.  He was actually expected up there, he was going to be the first human born off-world.  Little did they know, that connection to Earth that was missing was the single-most important feature that kid had.  They called his power 'the void'.  Singularities would open up and throw people into space at the drop of a hat.  He had the power to search space, finding debris and bringing it crashing down.  Gravity manipulation was especially bad.  Turns out, cities are kind of reliant on being, ya know, stuck to the ground.  

His teenage years were a blur of wanton destruction and utter silence.  He'd pop up in some earth-powerful stronghold and it would suddenly cease to exist.  A group of quads wanted to get him to join them, help them secure their spot in the US heartland, but they didn't even stand a chance when he floated above them watching their bodies spiral into the abyss he made materialize under them.  

That was years ago at this point.  Now the only quads left are in service to the warlords and tyrants that managed to convince some population to follow them.  We've started to get some of the tech back that we lost, and we've identified the gene sequence that changes so we can detect what abilities people have.  You'll hear jokes about the guy that came up blank in the local militia check point, but nobody ever sees him anymore.  

He's still out there.  Some say he regretted his actions and went to hide and meditate.  Others say he's just biding his time, waiting for the perfect moment to try to dominate all the others.  The truth?  He found my mom, a quad from an oasis in the desert, and they had me.  Nobody knew what he was, he was able to fake enough that they thought maybe he was just a solo, but boy were they wrong.

Now, it's my turn.  The world's my oyster as they say...

Time to start having some fun. 


Edit: First time posting in here, I know it's rough.  The thought just came to me and I wanted to run with it.  Thanks for reading!