For us, the fun was all in trying to get our friends to figure out who we were currently.  Just imagine the frustration and eventual hilarity when you were being pranked by someone you thought you didn't know from Lucifer himself, only to find out decades on that you actually did know them.  Our souls were what were immortal.  It was mildly inconvenient how human bodies could only sustain themselves for about 100 years.  Just about the time you got comfortable in your new home, it would start to die and you would find yourself back in hell, aimlessly shopping for a new vessel.  Some of us took decades to find a suitable new home.  Eventually, we all always grew bored in Hell and would find a fun new toy on earth to take over.  

My escapades over the years had been great.  As great as they were however, it seemed I was always getting bested my by good buddy / arch nemesis of sorts.  His pranks and chaos that he caused on earth always somehow just barely edged mine.  Time and time again, I would find myself unfolding a great plot, only to find that he had out maneuvered me and won again.  This next time would be different however!

My current victim was a woman in her late 60's.  I knew that choosing this vessel wouldn't leave me much time on Earth this time by, but I thought that I could have tons of fun taking over this particular persons body.  This person had long been in a position of power among mortals, and was currently in line to achieve an important political office.  I would have no problem causing all kinds of chaos on earth and maybe playing a few good jokes on my immortal buddies as this individual.  Finally I would be able to best my buddy!

As election day neared, everything was in my favor.  I had the mortal public in the palm of my hand.  It seemed like they would agree with any fantastical ideal that I put forth.  I could literally have suggested that wearing clothes was somehow a social injustice, and they would have all agreed.  My opponent in the election seemed completely inept.  An orange skinned, wild haired entrepreneur who had no idea how to run a political campaign and win.  I delighted in setting traps for him and watching him haplessly fall into them.  Just as comical were *his* followers, who took his ridiculous campaign slogan and promises and ran with them as if they were actually ever going to be honored.

On the night of the election, I was fairly giddy with excitement as I thought about all the of the chaos I was about to unleash on these unsuspecting people.  I was going to win this election by a landslide and it wasn't even close.  As I sat around daydreaming about the world war I was about to start, shit started to go down.  My opponent was winning.  How the fuck was this possible?  I had carefully laid the framework and I had the public in the palm of my hand.  It seemed there was some kind of as before undetected force that was now possessing my opponent and causing him to turn the tide.

I watched in dismay as the election results slowly unfolded.  I was losing everything I had planned!  I was in this old decrepit ugly body for nothing!  I thought about all the juicy candidates I had passed on in order to possess this hag.  I was so furious!  Election night was over, my opponent had won.  I now had to face him and be nice!  I decided there was no way that would happen.  I would get my little piece of chaos no matter what it took.  

Within the next few days, I had a face to face meeting with him.  As his entourage entered the room, I felt the presence of another immortal, one many times more powerful than me.  I *knew* this particular immortals signature presence, and yet I just couldn't put a finger on it.  It had been almost 100 years since I felt this presence.  In fact, the last time had been when I had called myself Benito Musselini.  I had woven a great little adventure as Musselini, sure that I would impress all my buddies, only to be foiled by my buddy *again* and his project at that time, Adolf Hitler.  

Slowly, the situation dawned on me.  As I drew closer to the new President Elect, I knew full well that I was in the presence of my old buddy again.  The shit eating grin on his face and glowing ember in his eyes confirmed it.  I was so pissed!  He got me again!  As we stood alone by ourselves away from the hordes of our new followers, I quietly whispered to him; "Fucking Satan, you mother fucker... you got me again...."