Note: This is broken into multiple parts. See the Replies for the entiretly of the story.

The Spectre of Wyrmhaven

Rex Igneous

Seth Stone sat in the booth at the far corner of Wünderdorf’s most popular cantina, Trunkenheit, twiddling his thumbs. His contact was already two minutes late. He eyed the patrons as they entered to exchange any foodstuffs they happened to pick up from bandits on the road, happy to receive whatever meager amount of gold the NPC bartender decided to give them.

“Casuals...” Stone scoffed as he rested his arm on the table, drumming his fingers.  He knew none of these players would recognize him. Not only did he have his gamer tag concealed, but he wore clothing that he looted from a highwayman NPC he shanked near Rothengaard. He kept his signature light armor, mask and cloak in his inventory. Ever since Stone took the title of World Champion at the Wyrmhaven Wizard Duel Royale for the third straight year, he couldn’t take care of business in any town or city in the higher-level zones without being mobbed by fans who wanted a screenshot. 

“Rex Igneous?” said a deep voice to his right. 

Stone jerked his head to see an Orc in heavy armor, a golden great sword strapped to his back. His hideously scarred face sported tribal tattoos, his protruding tusks adorned with jewelry. “Rothgar96?”

The orc warrior smiled and nodded.

“How did you find me? I’m impressed.”

The orc let out a deep, guttural laugh. “Please. It’s obvious you’re a player. And what player just sits in a place like Trunkenheit, doing nothing? You’re clearly the blood elf waiting for me, although nobody I know has ever seen your avatar’s face. It’s badass.” 

Stone brushed back his pitch-black hair to reveal a pointed ear and a cheek coated in dark green war paint. “Why thank you. I’m proud of it. Now, fill me in on this rogue looter you’re looking for.”

The orc sat down awkwardly, his armor scraping the seat. “Oh, right. Thank you for responding to my Bounty Board post. I’m honored.” He opened the palm of his hand and his inventory screen popped up. In seconds, Rothgar clicked through it, selected a satchel, filled it with 100,000 gold, and placed it onto the table. Seth Stone reached out and touched it, sending it to his inventory in a dissipating cloud of pixels. 

“Thanks a bunch, man.”

“You’ll receive the rest upon completion of this mission.” Rothgar closed his inventory screen and crossed his arms. “You shouldn’t have too much trouble.”

Stone raised an eyebrow. “How strong is he?”

Rothgar scratched his head. “He’s only level 50.” 

“Then why are you paying me so much?” 

“He fights with the skill of a max level Archwizard. Dozens of other people, and not just players in my guild, claim that he’s swiped loot from raids.” Rothgar leaned in. “But he doesn’t steal the whole crate every time. On most occasions, he’ll just swipe a few invulnerability scrolls and maximum elixirs but leave the rest. When he does steal the crate in its entirety, the other raiders will find it half an hour away, its contents untouched.”

Stone grimaced. “He’s toying with them.”

“Exactly! And he doesn’t even take out any legendary gear that may be in there, gear that a level 50 elf druid would desperately need,” Rothgar growled. “Some noob with zero raid experience could just waltz by and take them.”

“Don’t worry, my friend,” Stone grinned. “I’ll fry him so fast he won’t see it coming.”

Rothgar’s frown didn’t change. “I’ve seen you fight, Igneous, but there’s something about this guy that doesn’t sit well with me. He’s a level 50 elf druid that’s managed to, on multiple occasions, successfully escape from more than a dozen players of equal level simultaneously. Some swear that he’s hacking but have no proof. He’s just that good.”

Stone laughed. “You forget that I’m not level 50. I’m at 80. Max level.” 

At last Rothgar grinned. “You’re right, what am I talking about? You’ll crush his ass.”

“So, where is he?”

Rothgar opened his palm and his map screen appeared. “My connections believe he may be in the max level zones far to the north, in the mountains bordering Xiao Long. The last raid he crashed was in the Makba’ah desert just to the south, with the raid before just south of that near Kalara. He’s an elusive little bastard.”

Seth nodded and rose from the table. “Leave him to me. He’ll be dealt with soon enough.”
	
Rothgar chuckled. “Good luck!”
	
“I won’t need it!” Seth Stone changed his avatar’s attire, donning his sleek elven light armor and scarlet cloak, his avian mask concealing his sharp face. From his palms came a green glow and he vanished in a sparkling cloud. 

