I rolled my head sideways and squinted to see the clock. It read 10:58 A.M. I pulled the blanket to cover my head and dived into the warmth of the morning bed. Or, noon bed. Man, did I love my lazy Saturday. I couldn't help but smile how nice day I'd be having. I reached for the bedside table and pulled out the charger from my phone. I turned it on and opened up Reedit to pass my time.

The very first post had 35,000 upvotes. *submitted an hour ago.* It was stickied, even, with the mod message saying: This is the thread. 164,325 comments. And the title read: "Did you all just feel that?" I tried to open up the thread to see what it was about, but the Reddit's server crashed and suggested I spend my time with downtime bananas. Something big was going on, and I was in the dark.

I turned on the TV. The reporter was saying that the mass hysteria was happening all around the world. Then, they showed a video of children jumping out from an apartment onto concretes. They even showed the children's splashing. Then, the news went on to show a video of men and women running into a gasoline bonfire. Although the footage sound was provided, none of them screamed a bit. I was appalled at the horrifying visions that the local news decided to brazenly show, so I changed the channel. But other channels were none the better. But the trend was clear. People were committing suicides everywhere. I turned off the TV horrified.

Was everyone just dying? I seemed like I slept it off, thankfully. Apparently sleeping off was one way to avoid the horrifying feeling led many to kill themselves. I was rather curious what that was all about. I was worried. Can the nation run itself with so many people dying? I thought about the countries on the other side of the planet. For countries where the most of its citizens would be asleep right when that happened, they'd relatively okay, I imagined. But then again, I remembered that the news stations were running. So, unless people who just woke up ran to the station, assessed the situation, and processed those videos, some people must have went through the "feeling" and survived it.

I got myself out of the bed and dressed jeans and shirts. I figured it may not be the best time to go outside, but then again this was maybe the only chance to claim foods and water before it's too late. I ran outside to ride my car to the grocery stores near my house. But when I looked up at the sky, I realized what must have been happening. The world was all wrong. I still didn't feel like to kill myself, but a sense of hopelessness and fear crawled up on my skin. I ran back inside my house. I dug myself under the blankets and decided to sleep this feeling off my body.