When you’re hired, outsourced, contracted – whatever, to do a job like this, you don’t shine light or validity on the fine details. You only adhere and answer to questions which have already been answered, and that is the very blueprint. Its answering one major question, which is usually ‘what’s the quickest way to get in an and out without being caught?’. Thus, you blueprint accordingly to the pioneers of the past, a patois only accessible to those well embedded in the industry.

Of course, I was just the guy going in with the gun, and going out with a cut. 
Satisfied that the coquettish outfit of corporal beauty behind the glass had honestly held up her end, I slipped the peace keeper in the leather bag which also looked satisfied, perhaps remorseful – as was I. 

I signaled the floor sojourned pink-leathered token to stand, and to feel comfortable that it is all over. I shot the cameras. I walked towards the door, slipping the baby mask from my head, and compressed it’s delicate rubbery features to the vista of rubber bands. I winked at an old school friend  who was paler than I had remembered him, and I put my hand on the steel handle, who’s cold steel appeal was more liberating than ever.

Plonk. That’s the sound 190 pounds sounds like when thrusted against a mute carpet banks so eagerly accommodate. 

“Get on the fucken ground put your hands behind your heads!” That’s what confusion sounds like, a prosaic theme of my life. 

Ideally, confirming a job is one of the first things you should do, in which finding a secure bunker can be done before or after. Alas, I had done neither, and now this was my bunker, a bunker blank of security, security cameras, an old high school friend, a lady who had exploited looks for obviously a lack of skill and sense (not one person had been notified), and people who had been hired by the person who hired me, who undoubtedly would not believe me if I were to say that I was originally offered the job.

The gentlemen who held the sawed of shot gun to my palatial forehead was a trench coat of horror. He was terrified by the prospect of time and the inevitably of being caught, and his sensitivity to this elongated the danger in his grey eyes which had caused my retina to rethink marauding or even being in the sunlight again.

If I told him the security was out of the question he would either have a heart attack, turn my head to a still life post-apocalyptic cannibals would one day call art, or realise that the job had already been done. 

Terrified, the young clerk filled their suede bag with a sum which would easily eclipse mine. Trapped in a solstice of confusion and betrayal, I looked to my high school friend and noticed he had quite the ring on his ring finger, expressive with my posthumous eyes a congratulations, to which my attention to detail was met with a look of “what the fuck are you doing, Wilson?!”.

The two men were in and out faster than I, and it was 4:27, just half an hour before my first job interview in six months.

There was $200,000 in my bag. “I thought you said you could give it all to me?”

“H-W-ah – Im calling security!” she recalled from her amateur envelope of skills. 
“And that’s why you can’t trust a pretty blonde in a pink jacket  guarding a piggy bank.” I said to my bemused counterpart. 

“I’ll see you around, Rog. I was saying congratulations.”
Busting out beyond the cold steel handle, I fell into a frenetic speed walk, betwixt. 

The ball was now in my court. I could go home and shower for this cashier position, deliver this money and by granted eternal goodwill from the nefarious ringleader and apologise for not confirming, or start my own shop and hope that it never gets robbed. 
