After fifty years, the old house must have looked about as different to him inside as it looked the same on the outside. I gutted the works about 15 years ago. Cool off-white paint replacing the yellow and brown wallpaper the house had been dressed in since I was a six-year-old boy. I was six when my old man quit on me and my mom. Carol, my wife, had been so excited to finally update the place after the kids graduated college and we could finally afford it. Felt like I was finally letting go of my mother's tears over a man who's back was burned into my front door. "Who the hell are you?" I wouldn't believe it for as long as I could. "What is this?" I asked, shaking my head in distant disbelief. The man's face split into a smile and my doubt shot up through my stomach and burst into my chest. "Dad?"

My dad was holding a liter of milk in his right hand, flashing the grin that beguiled my mother into marrying him. His left hand reached soft and heavy onto my shoulder. "I'm sorry, son." Words I had forgotten wanting. Words I had waited for over fifty years to hear. Everything I had put into being a father for my own children clashed violently with the desperate uncertainty of my youth, but as I looked into his eyes my anger couldn't last. I was thirty one years older now than he had been when he left to get the milk in his hand and he hadn't aged a day. "What happened?" I asked, searching his eyes as they squinted slightly, searching mine in return. My eyes followed his as he looked down to the carton in his hand.

He lifted the milk carton up slowly, turning it toward me. MISSING. The bold words knitted my brow together as I saw him pictured underneath them. "I never should have gone out for that damn milk. I can't believe I missed out on all of it." I felt dizzy. His young face was so bright it was hard to focus on him. "It won't be so bad," he said soothingly, "Just like you did, people carry themselves onward. Now come here, son. It's been so long I don't think I can wait for you another minute."

Carol came down that morning to find me face down on the porch outside the front door. Her tears, falling onto my cold back, tugged at me in what felt like ice water after a hot bath. "It doesn't get much easier." My dad said to me as my mother, now standing beside me, ran her hand over my back softly. "I don't know if I can manage to wait another twenty-six years for her." I said, my heart throbbing in my throat. "Well," Dad said, turning me away from the house as we stepped into the park my mother would take me as a child, "until then, why don't you let me in on what I've missed in the past fifty years? I've been dreaming of the day I get to hear you tell me in person, son." I turned back to look one last time but me, Carol and the house, just like that, it was all gone. So, once more, with a warm calm, I would begin waiting.